AMUSEMENTS The Pomeroy Company. "LEAH THE FORSAKEN." DR. MOSENTHAL's play, bearing the above title, was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening last. Miss Pomeroy, as Leah, was an unqualified success. Strongly dramatic tnrougnout, she caused quite a sen sation in what is known as the malediction scene. The intense tragic force she instilled into the rendering caused absolute fear among many of the audience, and at the close of the scene where she, in the madness of her rage and despair, shrieks out "Vengeance! ven geance ! vengeance!" she sent a thrill through her audience such as is always felt when Eis tori, in "Queen Elizabeth,"condemnstheEarl of Essex to the Tower. Miss Pomeroy's power as an actress was never properly realised here before, and viewing her terribly excited state, and her remarkable physical exhibition of mental agony, the people in the theatre could not fail to be carried with her and be scarcely able to realise when the curtain dropped, that it was all acting. Enthusiastic applause followed, and Miss Pomeroy was called out to receive the repeated approval and thanks of her audience and numerous bouquets. Miss Blanche Lewis as Anna, played with simplicity and charming grace, and her sister, Miss Florence, as Dame Lisa made up capitally, and acted most suc cessfully. Mr. Holloway was an indifferent Rudolf, and Mr. Elliot marred an otherwise excellent rendering of Nathan by a very exaggerated closure to the third act The minor characters were well filled, and the piece was capitally mounted. Hamlet. " Hamlet" played by a lady is a novelty as far as Brisbane is concerned. In the southern colonies the character has been filled by Miss Cleveland, and again by Miss Rose Evans, and still later by Miss Pomeroy; but in Brisbane prior to last Monday night no woman had ever undertaken this task. Miss Pomeroy played "Hamlet" for the first time a month or two ago in Ballarat, and sub sequently in Melbourne, and, we believe, in Sydney. The announcement of her inten tion to appear in the character here naturally excited a good deal of interest, and there was a very fair house to witness the per formance. When she first appeared, and during the first act, she was successful enough to sink her own identity and to give a good idea of the melancholy philosophical Dane. Throughout the whole progress of the play her performance was marked with good elocution. The well known "soliloquy* and many other of the familiar passages in which are revealed to us the characteristics of Hamlet— the weak in mind, the quick to resolve but slow to act, the man of words, not deeds—were delivered with correct emphasis and appropriate attitude. In fact, Miss Pomeroy showed that she had given to the character much thought and intelligent study, the result being, no doubt, a performance in many respects clever and enter taining. If she did not fully pourtray the depths, the subtilties of the character, it was probably not expected that she would do so. An actor—or an actress, for the matter of that —to give a really successful rendering of the .Prince of Denmark must be able to entirely sink personal identity, and, so to speak, be Hamlet. It was in this respect Miss Pomeroy failed. Except in the first act one could not forget that she was Miss Pomeroy—that she was a woman. As a consequence, the illusion was spoiled; the manly vigour, the imaginative force—albeit attended by a lack of manly courage and a vacillating spirit^-so essential to the true Hamlet were wanting. It is only fair to Miss Poraeroy, however, to say that her performance met with undoubted favour with a large portion of her audience, and she was frequently recalled. Of the other characters, Miss Jenyns deserves praise for her Op/ielia. It was the first time she had played the part, and she certainly played it well. She was quiet, graceful, and ladylike in the earlier parts of the play, and gave a pathetic and finished rendering of the "mad scene." Mr. Holloway was a first-rate Ghost, and Mr. Elliot was good as Laertes. Misa Kate Arden made the best Queen we have seen in Brisbane for a good while, but Mr. Vernon can hardly be congratulated upon his King Claudius. Mr. Carey, who had a double role to fill, was a fair Polonius, and a capital First Gravedtgger. Mr. Medcalfe's Horatio was also creditable. The play was repeated on Tuesday night 