Othello the Second. BY F. W. ROBINSON; Author of 'Coward Conscience,' 'Grandmother's Money,' etc., etc. Chapter I. — Mary. Is there such a thing as an undying love — out of the books that prate so much about it? I, Rebecca Bevis, have grave doubts, coming, as I do, from a school of sceptics, and being a discontented woman. In what I was disap- pointed, and who disappointed me, the reader will perceive before this chapter closes; though it is of other lives rather than my own that I attempt to write. I am an old maid now— ray a soured and discontented old maid, if you will, and that's enough. I was a soured and discontented woman years ago, though young and pretty then, it was said, for my troubles had come earl/ in life, and people thought they were over, knowing nothing of the scars which were left. I hid my feelings fairly, and friends believed inme, anil taid amongst themselves, ' How well she bears up; how bravely she has borne bis want ot faith in her, his disaffection.' I think I did— for I was very proud, thank God! He was not fit for me ; I should have made him unhappy as his wife. Such thoughts as these were my consolation then ; they are not now, perliau3, standing apart from the old life, aud knowing how it has ended. And this undying love of which I spoke jutt now 2 Oddly enough I was not thinking vi bis old protestations, his fancy pictures ot eternal summer. 1 was not even dreaming of them five years afterwards, when I knew it was over for good, and that there was never a chance for me again. I was thinking then, as 1 think now, of the theory of eternal con stancy, and what a mockery it all is. Fred Bevis — my wild brother Fred, whom I have always loved so much, because he was weak and childish perhaps, or because he lovtd me veiy much too, aud told his friends there was not a wker, shrewder little woman in the world than I — it was this younger brother whose inconstancy was in my mina. He was leaving England to make _ his foitune abroad, he said — to lose the little which his father had left him, I was sure— and on the eve of his departure I was the wit ness to his solemn betrothal to Mary Vaii sittart, my one dear friend, my artless, love able Mary, the very one I would have chosen for his wife from a legion of fair women. They were to love each other all their lives long— that is the old theory which ainu^es youDj? folk at first start And both believed in these protestations for twelve months at least. At the expiration of the first year, Fi ed came home more full of love than ever. but with less money on ms purae. as naa been unfortunate in his speculations— luck had been dead against him, he said— indeed, ' Fred's luck' haa been a pleasant jest in our family before we were all scattered, There were fresh protestations of fidelity between Fred and Mary, and then my brother sallied forth again to seek his fortune, and we heard no more of him for years. We thought he was dead -ail but Mary, whj believed in bis life, but begau at last to dis trust his love, as well she might do. He ended his long silence with a confession to me. Never a brave man, he had not the coinage to tell Mary the truth; I was to stand between them as an intercessor, as a grim fate, perhaps, i£ these two had meant all that they had said. He had been unlucky again, he wrote, very unlucky this time, and there was no hope of retrieving his position. Be released Mary from her engagement— he was bound in honor to do that— aud I was to break the news to her at once. There was not a great deal concerning Ma lost hopes in his letter ; on the contrary, rather a mourn ful dirge over his lost money, but I could not tell what feelings he was hiding from me. I fulfill*, d my nii--s?on, thinking, perhaps, 1 nrght help «o break poor MLarj'a hearty or at least to shadow many yeara «f Mary's life, j for I was still romantic after my own odd fashion. . _ There were a few tears and sighs, a down cast lc.uk for a few days, a readiness to agree with me that probably it was for the best, and then Mary Vansittart was very much like the fair girl whom I had ever known. She vas not disguising her fee'ing, I was sure. I knew the pre-oecupied, far-away looks of a troubled woman too well. She was resigned to the position very quickly. She wrote her letter of farewell— the last of a Ion' and loving series. She expressed her . wishes gracefully for poor Fred's tJtt3r luc1!, 8 nd there was the end of one more love-dream, j What a stereotyped finale it always is, I . thought. : 1 The curtain of this drama rose quickly and j unexpectedly upon the second act A. bs- ?. liever in the fickleness of human nature my- 1 self, I was yet surprised to learn of Mary ! 'Vansittart's engagement to Mr. Gordon, a gentlemen of some position in the coanty, and who had been away from England for a year or two disposing of his estates in the East Indies, where it was rumored he had amassed considerable wealth. He came back to our quiet neighborhood to settle down for good — to choose the best wife he could find, and live ' happy ever afterwards,' if it were possible. It was not possible — I could have told him that had he done me the honor to «on-ult ine. When I heard from my dear Mary's own lips that he was engaged,- it was too late. I was tongue-tied from that hour forth. It is pos sible that I betrayed my astonishment too clearly. 'You are offended with me, Bcckie, she cried, ' you think I should have waited a little longer — reflected, perhaps, a littU more upon the old engagement.' ' No, my dear, not that,' I said, ' I an only too glad you have got poor Fred com pletely out of your mind.' 'We should not have agreed very well, Fred and I,' she said thoughtfully. * Perhaps not,' I answered, ''and where , did you meet Mr. Gordon? I have heard ( nothing of this.' I had been away in London on a visit, and it seemed to have all happenc I without me. in a strange way. As if I had a; y right to be consulted in the matter. 'He is an old friend of papaya ; he came to . see us on his return. I was a gawky girl whom he used to tease when he was here last. I ehould not have known him again. Oh, he is so verv handsome, despite his dark skin, Beckie. I like dark men, don't you ?' she ran on rhap. sodically. ? . . . ' He is very rich,' Iadded, quietly. ' I don't care about riches,' she replied. ' I hope you will not think I have accepted him on that account ; it is not in my thoughts, it never has been.' 'I believe you.' ' He has been very frequently at our house during your stay in town. I have met him at one or two balls this winter;' we were formally engaged on Christmas Eve, only think.' : 'Aid when shall you be married?' 'Not till next Christmas,' she answered, 'papa will have a year's engagement between us, and Conrad is very cross about it.' ' A year is a fair probation,' I slid, calmly ; ' it wfll give you time— it wid give him.' 'You speak as if you thought we were likely to change,' she said ; '.and, oh, that is not possible.' 'He is much older than you— some ten years, at least— and you are very young, Mary.' ; ' Yes, yes ; but how do you know he is ten years older wan I? That is exactly the dif ference between us.' ' Have I not lived in Westerton all my life, you silly child ? Did I not know Mr. Gordon years ago, when you were the 'gawky girl,' of whom you have just spoken.' ' Oh, yes ; and you knew Conrad before he wont to India tor the last time 2' 'Yes.' ' How strange,' she said. ' I mentioned your name to him, told him yon were my dearest friend, and he never said he knew J0£' - _ ' But,' she added, confidentially, .'I told him everything about Fred,- and that I had been engaged to him for a little while, when — when ? ' , ? \ ' When you were a child, and hardly knew your own mind,' I added. . ' Well, I am very glad you have told him that.' - ' Of course. I was bound in honor to tell him.' ' Certainlv von were.' I did not tell her everything myself. I left it to Conrad Gordon to speak of an old en gagement, too, if he $ared to do so : if he thought he was bound in honor also. It was not niy place to speak of a past love, of a bitter, needless, cruel quarrel, of all that had bern, and that could never, never be again. I shed some tears over this when Mary had left me. I -was sorry for the engagement for Mai y Yaiisittai t's sake. To my nervous mind it was a» ill- assorted match, and would be broken iff before the year was over, as mine and bis was, as Mary and Fred's. Conrad Gordon bad many admirable traits of ©hi- . racter ; he was in ir* my ways a con ti ait to other men, being earnest, clever, honorable.; but he was oft an irritable and suspicions nature, a man persistently seeking for v. second and hidden reason for everything upon earth, aud one who had made his own life almost a curse by his miserable search He had made mine completely so ; he had suspected me cruelly and unjustly, and my pride could not brook his doubts. Hence we had parted, in the old times of which Mary Yansittart knew nothing. , I met him presently at Mary's father's I house— it was a meeting which we bore welL ] being both prepared for it, and both good actors. I had often wondered what sort of I meeting it would be, and here it was, calm, | smooth, and commonplace — totally unmarred ! by false sentiment. How completely we had forgotten each other! What a farce, I thought again, is this talk of eternal con stancy! He was gentle in his manner towards me; he was very loving and attentive to Mary Vansittart ; he had improved greatly in his manners, a certain brusqueness which he bad always evinced was entirely missing. Late in the evening he said to me apart — ' I have not told Mary of the past— it Is not worth while, Miss Bevis.' 'Why not?' I replied, 'it might be as welL' 'No, no, she is young and impulsive, very quickly disturbed, and it is your secret, which 1 should respect, surely?' ' It is hardly a secret I left it for you to tell; you have my free permission. What does it matter now?' I said lightly. ' A great deal to me,' he repeated very f-avely ; ' she would ask many questions, and was wholly in the wrong.' 'Yes, wholly,' I repeated. ' It is late in the day to ask your pardon. Miss Bevis, but I do, with all my heart,' he said, with strange humility. : ' I thank you,' I murmured back. *? All has happened for the. best,' he slid. ' We were not suited for each other. I was a jealous and vindictive fellow when I parted from you.' ' Do not let us speak of it again,' I said. ' It is ended for good. ' Web we got over our ticubles very well,' I added. He laughed. 'Yes, we have indeed,' he replied, 'but it took me years to think I was in the wrong, you must know. Oh, how I have hated you. X — but there, there, my character is changed; my whole beirg, I think, is renewed in my love for Mary Vansittart. It is a new life. I should die if that dream were to fade — if she were to have one thought of what a man I had been. And I am forgiven?' he added, sud denly.' ''Xo be sure you are,' was the reply; ' only make Mary a good husband, for I loye her very much.' ' Yea, yes, I understand. She has told me everything about you; she loves you very much, too. How strange it all is !' - He went away to Mary's side, and I sat vaichJDg them for awhile, thinking even that they might be happy after all ; that it was probable he had attend for the better, aud I had known him only at his worst. Men do change, heaven knows ! This is the prologue to my story, aud will explain what follows. The engagement was continued throughout the year ; there were no lovers' quarrels, no jealousies, no sus- picioci. — it was a year 01 mutual adoration. ] contrasted it with my own., fleeting engage* mt-nt — one of storm and-' 4 shipwrecks— aud thought I mnst have been gravely in fault nsj self, and full of ill-temper and distrust, or else the man before me had changed com pletely since I had been ' all in all to him.' Conrad Gordon and Mary. Vansittart were naiii'dtwo days before Christmas. It was a grand wedding, and I wished them with all my heart ' God speed,' and every blessing on tbiir pilgrimage. The snow was falling thickly on them as they came out of church, and Gordon looked up at the sky, shuddered visibly, and frowned, as at a liberty taken with him by the elements. His East Indian blood was chilled by the day's inclemency. 'I should have liked sunshine on our wed ding-day,' he said to Mary. ? ? Does it matter ?' ' she asked, with a smile. ' No, no — perhaps not,' he answered, ' but I used to believe in omens once.' Yes ; I remembered that time too well. Chatter IL— ' Poor Fred.' The happy couple spent a long honeymoon abroad. 'X'hey were not back in Westerton before the spring; they began their home life together with the same confidence with which they had entered intooftheir' engage ment to be married. ' How fond they are of each other I' was on the lips of every friend they had. Yes, there seemed every prospect of theirs ; being a happy marriage — I was not inclined ; to doubt it myself now— only disposed to j wonder occasionally why I had never known 1 this new Conrad Gordon, whom everybody j liked ; why he had always been in the old days so different a man to me. All the faults ot h)B disposition he seemed to have left be hind with his lands in East India, and to have returned an amiable, generous, high fouled gentleman; he seemed to have outlived ever, bis jealous disposition ; he took it as a comjiuW-Lt, as a pleasant jest even, any attention which his pretty wife received. Was ibis rtalJy the same m-ui? was the wild thought which I would have at times. AU the spring passed thus — the bright summer when they went away to the sea— the autumn,- up to the early winter, when thf-y were back again in their grand home; From Conrad Gordon I received no further confidences; I was assured he was hap ay, that he had not a care in the world from his affe-tionate wife, who made an idol of him after her own fashion, too, and whose high spirits and girlish little fantasies were as pre dominant as in her maiden days. It could not last, I was certain — bat when the time wo»ld come for these two ~ to be more staid and matter of fact and homely, I did not readily perceive. Theirs was a gay life ; if there were a fault to be found with them it was in their inces sant pursuit of pleasure, in the dinnerparties and balls which they gave at their own house — which they attended at their numerous friends'. There seemed no peace and rest, and little of the home life which, in her place, I would have preferred. Whether she would have preferred it too I was not able to ascertain. She was fond of society, of admiration, of the busy world without doors — the gay life seemed to agree with her, and to steal no roses from her cheeks. ' Conrad is fond of seeing me the centre of a crowd,' she said to me once, ' and I like the excitement of it all very well. We are not a steady-gcing, old married pair yet, Beckie." "No — but it is time you were,'"I said. It was close upon the end of the year — olose npon Christmas time — when there came aero. s the snow-covered lawn to my French window, at which I was sitting, a figure from the past, of which I had often dreamed. I did not see him until he was standing at the window to scare me — then his hearty laugh at mv as tonishment rang through the frosty air like a peal from the old days. 'Fred!' I cried, opening the window in my impulse, and letting him in, along with the show-drift, ' this is a surprise— how glad I am to see you back.' 'I thought you would be,' he answered, taking ' me in his arms, ..'I was sure you would, for one, at all gMpts— sisters don't change with every wind and tide, thank GodP I looked into his face— something told me that he had already heard the news of Mary's marriage, and was inclined to regard it de spondently— almost as ? a breach of faith towards one who should not have been for gotten quite so readily, or been taken so quickly at his word. I did not speak of Mary ; I hastened to disencumber him of his great coat and hat, to seat him in his old place by the fireside, with his bronzed, good looking face full in the ruddy blaze before me. 'To .think you are back again,' I said exultingly, 'and for good, is it?' ' I am not certain,' was his answer, ' not half as certain as I was an hour ago. when it struck me how lonely you must be in the old home, and how I might help to cheer it for you.' 'Arid now?3 'And now I am not half sure of myself, and may want cheering instead,' he added : ' that's my luck — * Fred's luck,' as you used to say, if you remember.' 'Yes, I remember.' We were silent for a while ; he sat drawing patterns with the muddy toe of his boot on my crumb-cloth, to my maidenly discom fiture, but I had not the heart to scold him. ' I have come back rich ; that; is, tolerably rich, for me,' he said suddenly, ' aud you do nut congratulate me.' 'I congratulate you, Fred, with all my heart.' 'Thank you.' ' And ho«v ? ' I boga-n, when he inter rupted me. 'Oh! sever mi ad that. I had grown *de.-pti ate— it was siuk or s»vi;u — a wild plucge to the other si«.!c. or a cool drop to t'h? doUutj, and I chanced it at the caule-i v. Montco. By heaven, Fred's 'a-.-.*c turned a* last, aud 1 inoO'e a buup of lu'niey ia three hours, and cauift a-.v.-iy }ieror« forfriiie d-j -tTied me in its s ur*y u.a -»»-. l),d you ever know me exhibit as nmc-i praL-..je a. that?' * 2»ct often,' . I answered- *????' 'Z$. ' i;3 I am nrry yon have come Jjavkrj^^ i-j tacie niians, i'red.' '? 'You must not preach,' he said quickly. 'You were always disposed to be priggish and to sermonise. I often think that that ' last word' lost you Conrad Gordon, Beckie.' 'Perhaps so,' was my reply. 'And a good loss, too,' he added, with a sudden fierceness, 'I say a good loss— damn him? There!' 'Hush, hush, Fred — you forget yourself and me. You are not just.' 'Has any one been just to me— acted justly towards me, Rebecca,' he continued, in the same fierce strain. ' Have I not been a scapegoat all my life ?' He got up and paced the room with long, impetuous strides ; he struck the table with his hand as he passed it, and scattered some books upon the floor. ' What has disturbed you, Fred ? Of what have you to complain ?' I asked. 'It is easy to enquire, but not easy to explain,' he said, becoming somewhat calmer after this ; ' but I have not been treated well. She need not have taken me so completely at my word.' ' You released her from the engagement — for it is of Mary your are speaking, I sup pose?' 'Oh! yes, yes.' '.Did you not mean ? ' ' I meant every word I said then,' he in terrupted angrily again, 'but I was mad when I wrote, and she might have seen that, and waited a little while. Waited till I had come back— as I have done— to marry her — and, my God! to find her another man's wife.' 'You have no right to complain, Fred,' I urged. ' 1 think I have. That greedy old father of her's has been at the bottom of this plot, dragged her into it, persuaded her what an eligible match it was. He always hated me,' Fred muttered. . ' Well, well, it is all over now ; why should you rave like this ?' ' It is not all over.' ' It is — it must be.' ' She has never loved that brute Gordon, or forgotten me,' he exclaimed. ' I will see her — 1 will explain— I will tell him ? ' ' Nothing, I hope, Fred,' I concluded. ' Ah ! wait a bit, Beck. You are no judge of character— you never were,' he said. ' I'm not the weak milksop you have fancied me.' 'All this is folly.' 'I have been wronged, and I'll have my reveDge,' he cried. ' There has heen no wrong, and you will think better of it to-morrow.' ' We shall see,' he muttered. His threats did not alarm me very much. I had seen a great deal of Fred's vaporiogs in my time, and I knew him too well, I thought, to believe that any disappointment would weigh upon him long.' Was I a worse judge of man's character than are most of my sex ? Was I as mistaken in my estimate of Fred's as I had been, to all appearances, in Conrad Gordon's? It seemed so, for Fred Bevis was unlike the old brother of mine from that day forth. Despite his long silence, his surrender of all claim to Mary's affections, he was a man who had returned with a grievance, and was dis posed to nurse it to his prejudice and my dis comfiture. He was not my brother Fred again. He was a moody, discontented man, who cast a gloom over the house, rather thau helped to brighten it as I had always thought he would. I missed the old hearty laugh Mhich had been natural to him. I began to fear him and his moods a little— to be sorry, after a while, that hehad comeback, although it was hardly in my heart to think very badly of him. He was not the man for whose return I had prayed. He renewed his ac guaintance with Conrad Gordon and Mary; ving in so small a town it was impossible to prevent their meeting, indeed it was impos sible to say why tbey should not meet. Pecple who have changed their minds cross each other's path at every hour of the day, and these were common-place folk who might be trusted to play 'propriety.' Conrad Gordon thought so, even turned the first meeting of the old lovers into a jest, as if anxious to put them, at their ease. And Mary Gordon, proud of her husband's love, and reciprocating it very warmly, was at her ease at once. She had no suspicion of the old passion burning in the breast of Fred Bevis; she had outlived her first romance, and she felt glad -to meet him as a friend, to laugh even at the follies of the past, and the house of cards which had been built between them and allowed to collapse when they were almost boy and girl. Fred affected to laugh also, but alone in his] room at night; I could hear him sobbing like a child and raving like a madman. Yes, he was very weak, poor Fred, but his* weakness had taken a different phase; there was danger in it now — danger to others as well a? to himself. Chapter ill.— The Christmas Ball. Conrad Gordon itf-iu-d announcements to all his friends that the anniversary of his weddiDg-day was to be celebrated by a balL It would be a grand ball everybody was certain ; when there was an opportunity for display it was not in the Gordon nature to miss it. This had been always Conrad's weakness, and of late days and with increas ing wealth it had grown upon him like a disease. He was spoiling his wife ; he was offering a bad example to the county ; he was encouraging extravagance, envious neighbors said among themselves, but they accepted his invitations to the fete with alacrity, and mus tered in goodly-numbers to the show.. I bad had a faint hope that Fred would drtliue the invitation, but he professed him self anxious to be my escort, and Mary's urgent letter to me was one to wmen x couta not &ay; no. I should have been glad to hide away from all their gaiety, but it was the end vi the first year of their happiness, and I must come, Mary wrote ; and I did not like the idea of- Fred's going to their house with out me. He had become giave and thought ful of late days, I have said; aud I W-is doubtful of a manner that was far from natural. We went to The Limes the day before Christmas Eve ; it was the end of one year and the beginning of another in Mi--y Gordon's life. It became a memorable date to me. I was like some one behind the scenes who knew more than the rest, and hadgrosva uneasy with the knowledge. I was a spy ia the midst— as earnest and as watchful as though an impending danger had been whis pered to me, aud it might be in my power to thwart it, with God's help. It was a night of shadow, despite my effort to shake off the gloom which submerged mr, despite the light and life on every side of me, the crowds of friends and acquaintances, the bright faces, the merry peals of laughter, the gay dance music from the orchestra. I had not seen Mary in higher spirits ; her whole soul was in the success of the enter tainment, and her husband flitted to and fro, an amiable master of the ceremonies, in tensely anxious for the con-fort of his guests. This was in the early part of the evening. After the great supper there was a change. I had been waiting for it; I felt there was a crisis in more than one weak life that- night. Mary was walking with my brother, and I was watching them, when Gordon's voice, close to my ear, startled me, ' I am afraid you have spent a very dull evening, Rebecca,' he said. He had tiken to call me by my Christian name again, fol lowing his wife's example. 'Ob, no; I have danced several time3. The party has been a very great success ; don't you think so ?' I said hurriedly, perhaps a little incoherently. ' ' I hope it has,' he answered. ' Mary and I have not spared any pains to do honor to the anniversary of the wedding day, and she - is very happy.' I did not answer him ; there was a new tone in his voice which i fancied I remembered— a faint ring of an old inhar monious note that used to jar upon me. 'I do not remember seeing Mary ia such high spirits as these before,' he added, thoughtfully ; ' she is as impulsive and full of excitement as a child.' ' This is a memorable day to her.' ' To us both,' he added. 'Certainly.' ' We look back and have nothing to regret,' he continued ; ' we look forward fall of faita, too — that is what Mary said this morning.' ' Yes, she is a very happy wife.' ' Do you think so f 'I do, indeed.' *? I have tried to make her so, God knows,' he said. Then he added abruptly, ' How old is your brother, may I ask?' 'Three and twenty.' ' Seven years younger than I ; he has the world before him.' *' I trust he will succeed in it.' ' Don't you think he -.rill?' he asked, very sharply now. ' Ye-es — I hope so — but he has b.enunfo.' tcnate.'' ' Will he remain a. great while with yw 1 , do you tiiink !' *? I do not know.' \- He did no- look at me whilst he pa- r/n--w qiie- tH'tiF, and he did not; apj-e-tr r.u us i.t tercel' (1 in luj a-is»eri. I j{Uj --oJ uji -i- li; u all^ri ; In- -was »':iu--h:lif; ins wife a- i-l fcV.M . ?=»ji}) a fx-0' 'iut--l!S;:»-s« i.ita.1: *- « reni.'kws illlU ll.-fc tSWW l-llj fc-ltlll'V.1 HiMi «!??!-,? 'U-.-ii MIMy n,iit)i in t-uc. i na-t ^e. 11 him iio-t u.i.'. 11:11. in the ol4 tfoys; i Had mis c 1 1; til; JjUU. ' How long were these two engaged to each other before they discovered their mistake, I , wonder.' 1 He was hardly speaking to me, but I replied j to him. i 'Two years, almost— he was abroad the j greater part of the time.' : ? 'Yes, yes — I know,' he added quickly; i ' Mary has told me everything — she has con- '.. cealed nothing from me. It was the old story ! of a boy and girl's fancy for each other ripen- - ing into the usual childish attachment — these [ first loves do not last, and are invariably mis- j takes.' i He had already forgotten I had been his ; first love— that he had been mine. He was in ; a half dream, with one couple amongst the ' dancers for the dream figures which possessed | him. ' I shall be glad when the fete is over.' he ! muttered, ' I am tired to-night— I am getting old, I fancy.' He strolled moodily away, and when the dance was concluded I saw him approach his wife, whisper a few words in her ear, draw her arm through his own, and walk away with her towards the spacious conservatory into which the ballroom opened. My brother came and sat by my side, and burst into a loud laugh. ' By Jove, if I don't think old Gordon's jealous !' he cried. 'He has had no cause, I am sure.' 'Well, no. But why is Beckie Bivis so cock sure ?' he said flippantly. 'Because Mary is not a flirt, and you ars an honorable man,' I replied. ' Not a flirt ? Oh, much you know ! Why half the fellows are raving about Gordon's wife to- night,' he said; 'and did you ever see her look so beautiful ?' 'Probably not. A ball dress becomes a pretty girl.' ' She hardly looks more than a girl, Door thing, does she ?' said Fred ; ' and yet she has been married a year to that beetle browed blackamoor.' ' Hush ! somebody will hear you.' 'I don't care who hears me,' he sad loudly; 'it is a fact. Do you think she would have had him if it had not been for his money ? Or that you would have had him either, mind you— all these long years ago, when he asked you, and then served you so badly.' 'I have never owned he treated me badly,' I cried indignantly, 'and you have no right to tell me so.' 'I beg your pardon, Beckie,' he answered very quickly at my protest. ' I ought nob to have said that. There, there, God help me, I don't know what I am saying.' ' Shall we go home ?' ''Presently, in a few minutes. Mrs. Gordon has promised me another dance,' he stammered. I looked up at him, and his color changed. ' Yes, I know what is in your suspicious little mind,' he said, with a forced cough, 'you are thinking of my melo-dramatic raving on the day I came back to Wester to 3. All that is over and gone.' ' 1 am glad. It is all over, then.' 'Yes, all over,' he repeated. There was a partner for me in the next quadrille, and Conrad Gordon and hi 3 wife were our vis a vis. I glanced towards Mary with a smile, which she did not reciprocate ; there was a strange grave look, that wan foreign to her face ; it was as though I hid offended her in some way. Conrad Gordon had not lost his own grave aspect either, although he gazed down anxiously at hi j wife, as if to catch her glance. There h*d been a few words, 'a little difference,' and my brother Fred had been the cause— were the first feint mutterings of the storm to be heard on the anniversary of their wedding-day. It was a melancholy quadrille for three of the party, and my partner, who niaie the fourth in the set, regarded us with so me dis tn^y. When it was concluded I followed -Vlary, »ud her husband seeing me approach left us together. 'Has anything happened? Are you fatigued?' I hastened to enquire, as I sat dow n by her side. ' What should have happened to mi'C was the sharp rejoinder. 'I— I don't know. I thought that ? ' and then I came to a full stop. It was all very difficult of explanation. ' Nothing has happened very particularly,'7 she answered slowly ; ' I have met with, a surprise. That is all.' ' Has Fred ? -' and then I stopped again . 'Yes — Fred; he has told me everything.' 'Everything,' I repeated, wondcringly; ' I do not understand.' ' Everything concerning your past engage ment to Conrad, which yuu have kept froJi me, hidden from me, both of you, all of yo j,' she cried, fluttering her fan violently, au-1 the tears starting to her eyes. ' Oh, my dear Mary, I would have told you all this long ago, but it was your husband's wish that 1 should not—' *? You study my husband's wishes, it ap pears.' ' It was his place to tell you. I asked bin if he would do so before your wedding day ; I knew it would be so much the better. An, do not reprove me, dear, I will tell you all to morrow.' She softened at the regretful tones of my voice, at the sorrow which my face betrayed. She dropped her fan, and placed her hands in mine at once. 'There, there, Beckie, think no more about it,' she exclaimed. ' I am foolish — I — 1 understand why you did not tell me ; it was from sheer kindness, but Conrad has put me out to-night. He has taken me to task, lectured me, found fault with me, only think, for the first time in my life, aud about no thing. He shall be sorry for it ! ' ' Forget all and forgive all, both of yon,' I urged. ' I will not forgive him for a week,' she answered pettishly, 'and to scold me for talking to Fred, poor, simple-minded, honest old Fred. It is too ridiculous. As if I hud not known Fred all my life ; as if we were not to be trusted even now ; as if—' ' Mary, I think it is our dance,' said Fred's voice so close to us that we both started ; then he led her away, and the instant afterwards they were whirling round in the waltztogether Conrad Gordon took her place at once, he had been watching us, probably. The guests were thinning and the hour was growing late. 'What has she been saying to you?' he asked hastily, ' may I enquire ?' ' She will tell you,' I answered hurriedly, . 'it is nothing of importance.' * ' Everything is of importance that concerns her,' be said. 'We have had a few words— after all, the devil is not dead in me.' He stamped his foot upon the floor, aud I could see a red light in his eyes. ' She has been speaking of our past engage ment ? ' ' Ha ! who has told her of that !' he ex claimed. ' Your brother — has he come bask to wreck me ? That man, of all men !' ' No, no, do not think so,' I urged. 'It escaped in conversation between them. That's all.' ' I will try and think it is all,' h« replied : 'if I am mistaken, I am sorry for— your brother.' They were warning words I was assured; and yep they were quietly conveyed, and only bis lurid glance make my heart sink a little. Going home, with the snow thick upon oar carriage windows, I could hear that voics again, and see the red shimmer of the eyes. 1 red's laughter suddenly startled me from my reverie. ' What a fellow !' he exclaimed. ' Of whom are you speaking?' 'That Gordon, I mean. He's a regular Othello, Beckie !' Chapter IV.— The Monster Jealousy. All the happiness that Conrad Gordon and his wife had experienced was to be comprised in the first fleeting year of their marriage ; after that there came, with a terrible quick ness, doubts, jealousies, accusations— the long and ghastly army of the disaffected, marching onwards to misery, with muffled drums, and colors trailing in the dust. Not all Conrad's affection for his wife could keep down his sus picions now that the evil seed had been sown, and the crop was peeping above ground. He was a man, I knew too well, who was in clined to make the most of his doubts, to torture himself with a hundred suppositions when the plain, honest truth would have sufficed, but I had given him credit for grow ing wiser with his years, and for having lecrned something even from his experience of past mistakes. : It would have been a common-place st jry to me had I not been deeply interested in ir, ; had it not been my brother's fault to sojae extent, despite his indignant assertion to the contrary. If he would go. away, £ sail 10 him— if he would once more leave Wvsterton. if only for a little while ! ftieu followad his arguments, difficult to combat, although, guesting at their fallacy. What had tie doae that he should be. bbfii&hcd; from his :i*tive place: Hart be kiio-vaso much of hjm-j happiness that he should wilfully deser.' in, and give up the new frieudi by wnotn ho *ms feuiTOonilcd, Ik 1 an -e it plca-icd C.mud Uonoii .U- be. jcnloiii of him? C-i'i-*-d woi'kt be j-aloi.a «-f -oru«body elsj, ic ne vmii. a»j-j t--! W'lToW, ami lt«, Fiv-l U'»ii, «- i;'d nut. ksm.~.i;v;' l-i.-t iile for t=t juior ..niiV v 1 iii-, aild al) old maid's exaggerated icJ.--.-i. 1 tiisjulj jiiy s.\ nip ttijiri were for Mury. SI e was yuu tig, weak, unwise, bac 1 o-mid jrttUue njyeelf in her place, suffering like her, although fighting my battle differently, and after my colder nature. I had missed this calamity by my own high spirit, and I was grateful for it now. All Iiad happened for the best. And Gordon's wife, with whom I reasoned at every opportunity and failed to convince ? Here was my own high spirit working very differently, and to no purpose— resisting, in sisting, and holding its ground, rebelling against dictation, and strong with its oira sense of right, following its own course, ia vain. She was his wife, and therein lay the mighty difference between herself aud me. It was her duty to obey now, not to resist, but that she had forgotten, and my 'preach- ing' — Heaven forgive me if I preached too much — only hardened her hear; against me. She was not always in the right, poor Alary ; she taunted me more than once with my past engagement to her husband. I was always his friend, not hers. I loved him stilL I worked against her; she would never see me again ! I had one answer m my arguments with her — it would be better for Fred to go away. It was in her power to persuade him, perhaps. A few words from her might have effect in the quarter where I had failed ?o utterly, if she would only attempt them, for all sakes. What could she do? she answered. Why should she lower herself by professing to ba lieve that my brother still loved her ? Would not people talk of her as the woman who had been wholly in the wrong, and from whose clutches it had been necessary to save Fred Bevis? How was it possible to prove the calumny false— to live down the whole scandal with which the town was full — if Fred went away in haste ? Would not everybody say — would not Conrad Gordon say — ' There was something in it ; there was more than some thing in it— it was all true ?' ' Ask him to go,' I said again to all this reasoning ; ' he will go for your sake.' ' I will not lower myself to ask him.' ' May I tell him you will be glad when he goes?1 ' No. I shall not be glad,' was the warm, reply. 'He is the only man who defends me — who takes my part, and silences accusers ; he is the one true friend left,' she cried. 'Mary, has it come to loving him?' 'No,' she cried, starting up from the chair in which she had been sitting. ' I love no one but Conrad, and bis cruelty is killing me. Oh ! he will not believe a single word £ say.' 'Ask Fred Bevis to go away,' I said again. ' You talk like a parrot,' she exclaimed, 'and I will not listen to you any longer.' She would dash away to her home after one of these altercations, and several days would pass before we met again, and spoke and wrangled again after the same fashion. Twelve months afterwards— a long twelve months — Conrad Gordon adopted nis own plans without much thought of Mary; he had his own solution to the riddle, and ic was not an unwise expedient. One inoruing late in December — the 23rd — his. own wedding day — when all happiness had comptewLy vanished, he surprised me by a visit. Of late days we had not met, aud he apologised for the intrusion as a stranger might nave uoie. My brother came in whilst ne was there, and would have withdrawn, buc Mr. Gordon went towards him and shook hand-;, to my surprise and Fred's. ' 1 have called to take leave of you, as well as your sister,' he said. 'Pray do not run away from me.' Fred had a bad habit of showing his dis likes, and his antipathy t3 Mary's husband was not to be disguised. He shook hands coldly, however, and looked at the speaker as at a man of whom it was necessary to be ivary. ' I am going away for along time,' Conrad said, turning to me as he spoke, 'aud I could not leave an old friend without a word of adieu.' ' Going away ,'?? I said slowly, 'aud with Mary, of course V ''Of course with Mary,' he repeated; ' she and I have been talking over an expedition for seme days, and at last she has summoned up the courage to accompany me.' ' I am glad. Where are you going ?' ' To the East, principally,' he said. 'You will be a long tune absent from Westerton.' 'Two years, probably,' he answered. 'It willbeagreatchangefor Mrs. Gordon.' said my brother at this juncture. ' She has hardly been out of this dull little town all her life.' 'Yes-, a great change,' remarked Conrad. ' She looks forward to it -with considerable pleasure, I am glad to say. You will call, Air. Bevis, with your sister, and bid her good bye,' he added, to my interne asiunisnuieat. 'Thank you,' answered i'red, as surprised as myself, *' Becitie aud i will coins cer taiDly.' 'We shall leave on Saturday. It is possible I am saying farewell to both of you n jw, as £ start for London this afternoon, and shaii nos return till late on Friday evening. If that is so,' he said, suddenly extending both hands towards me. 'Good-bye — aud Heaven re ward you,' he added in a lower tone. 1 did not understand him, and 1 felt that I could not ask before my brother for an ex planation. X followed him into the hall, and said with affected lightness — ' For what is Heaven to reward me, Mr. Gordon?' ' Yon can guess,'' he said, hurriedly, ' it is all your good example, your kind advice to Mary, which has haa its effect at last.' ' You two are at peace then V 'Yes, there has been one more quarrel,' he said, despondently. ' I acted like a mad man ; it was alter Edward's party last week, where we met your brother. But it is all over, and we are friends, lovers again. We shall quarrel no more ; we have come to a foil, honest explanation of everything. It was your advice lo Mary — always — and we are going abroad liow on our secoud honey moon. Congratulate me — aud asic your brother to forgive my jealous nonsense. I have wholly changed.' ' I hope so. Mary is young, and you are not always just,' ' 1 have been terribl) unjust, I know it.' he murmured, as he lett me. I returned to my room to tell Fred all that had been said, and to deliver Conrad's parting message to him. I had trust in its - effect;, for Fred was not a man to lo^e all faith in, weak as he might be. He sat and heard me with his white hands tightly locked together, and a deep furrow in his forehead.. 1 could see his lips quivering as I watched him. ' Did ne really asK me to forgive him ?' he said, wonderingly. ' Yes.' '1 suppose I have driven them both away,' he added, sadly, 'and it would have been much easier for me to go, as you suggested long since. But I — could not.' ' Perhaps all is for the best,' I said. ' It is for the wont with me,' he answered. 'Italwaysis.' 'Nonsense. This should be no affliction to you,' I said. ' When shall we bid Mary Gordon good-bye V ' I shall not go,' he replied very firmly. 'Not go?' ' I have seen her for the last time,' he said. : * If I am such a dangerous person,' he added, shrugging his shoulaers, 'it may be as well not to aggravate matters by calling at The Idmes. He will be glad to hear I nave not been, when he comes home on Friday night' 'That's bravely said of you, Fred,' I ex claimed. ' I think it is wise — 1 am sure it i* — although he does not believe in your love for Mary now.' ' If he had told me that, I should have said he was mistaken,' said Fred, 'for I do love her. I always have loved her— she Mils me by going away, I swear. Oh! Mary, God help me after this!' 'Fred, Fred!' He did not hear my last words of entreaty to him to be calm— he gave way utterly — he buried his face within his hands, and sobbed . passionately ; and I stole from the room and left him to his childish grief. Chapter V.— The Parting. Fred Bevis kept his word, and did not accompany me in my farewell visit to Mary Gordon. For once in a way, he said, he had made up his mind, and there was no power on earth to alter it. Conrad's forgiveness, his 'sudden exhibition of confidence, haddUanned my brother, and Fred had awakened so cue conviction that he had not played a worthy part. He confessed as much as this to me, and he desired his best wishes for Mary's hap piness to be. humbly conveyed to her. Sitting at the window of her drawing rot m, in the twilight, with .the snow-flakes flickering past, I gave Mary my brother's Biettage, aud she smiled faiutly at it, and said — ? ' Do you know what to-day is ?' ' Your wedding-day. Two years to-day !' ' Cosrad will be back to-night ; it seems stiaiige that he should be away, but he bsn a gnat deal of business to trauiijt ia town Leioiewe leave tc-niorrow.' .: ? ** £hd J«u arc not s^rry to leave?' ? 1 '1 iiti vuy glad, Buciiio,' she confessed ; ' it is. the Ifjjiniiirg of a ntw life^ — it is what , v. e t.Mh thoiiiu fcavr duiift Ions a.§o— h*d *re lid ii e - »-U!i-!r«- in .-|.i'ak -;«t. Want a long, dltLtilui., ?*?--».- i'fct ii I'ili ben!'' ? : . ' Jjapjiu) uwr mm, tuts norat aud darkest jiai oi a!.! your life.' ' I trust so,' she said, with a sigh, then she caught me suddenly by the wrist and said, ' But do you tliink I can trust him?'' ' You n'*'' ' ' Conrad, not the other,' she answered, ' will it not all come back in time? Will he not have those dreadful thoughts of ma again ? Shall I escape them by going abroad wilbhim:'' 'Yes, yes, I think so.' I hastened to assure her. 'I ?will -go to the world's end to have hU love and faith back. There shall be no pride to keep as at arm's length, at heart's length, any more. We Till both speak oat all that rankles in our minds. You believe that is best?' 'Assuredly.' ' Still,' she added, sorrowf ally, 'I may not be able to convince him ; he is not always ?willing to be convinced.' 'ThatislikeahusbandV'Isaid.laughingly, 'but you must be a loving wife, always re solved to succeed.' She did not laugh back at me, it was a pa!e mournful face which perplexed me. ' I wonder' what kind of a husband he would have been to you if you and he had made up your quarrel' before I came from boarding school,' she said. I laughed again, though her words made me ?wince a little. I was too old and prim for him, J. said. And I should have been very obstinate, and aggravating. ' And then,' she added, more thoughtfully still, ' I should have married your brothe* Fred, and have made him unhappy instead of Conrad. Not that Fred is happy now, poor fellow.' ' Don't think so,' I said. 'He is happy enough. He quickly forgets everything, and no impression is lasting with him.' 'I am not quite sure of that; and oh! BecMe,' she cried. ' I know now how much he loves me,' ' You do 1' 'I have been so sorry, so terribly grieved,' she whispered, biding her head upon my bosom, 'for it seems sometimes as if I had encouraged him. And I never wanted bis affection — I have not had one spark of love for him since my marriage — but he thinks I have — and to vex my jealous husband I have laughed and talked with him too much. And it has come to his loving me, and this is my life-long punishment.9' - She looked hard into my face, and rested her hands upon my shoulders. ' When Conrad and I have left Westerton, tell Fred kindly this for me ; and in my defence, please,' she said, 'lest he should think always— as he thinks now— that I was as weak as himself, and had learned to love him. Will you promise that ?' ' Yes— I piomise.' ' And — oh, there is one thing more,' she said, with her large dark eyes still fixed on me unwaveringly, 'if it should ever come to pass that I am away from Conrad— a long, long distance away— and he is living with his heart closed against me as it has been all this bitter year, you will tell him what I have said, and what message I bade you give poor Fred — for my honor's sake and his? Pray do tiiis?' ' With Conrad Gordon, Heaven forbid that this should be my task,' I replied. 'Ah, yes — Heaven forbid it, but its ways are inscrutable, and this is only the eve of my second marriage year, remember.' ' And the beginning of the third, and best, and truest, Mary,' I said. ' Why, I can wish you a merry Christinas this time, and be sure it will come.' ' Yes— this one— but afterwards.' 'No; no afterwards. Good-bye — God bless you.' ' Good-bye— and God bless you, dear.' She stood at the door to see the last of me. I see her face now, fair and young, and bright — but with the sadness on it always. ' You will notforget !' she said ; and in all my life to follow I never did. Neither her words nor that pale, beautiful face, nor the ?wistful look in the large brown eyes. *' You witt, not forget ?' rang forever like a ?warning in my ears— like the chiming of a Jbell— the ringing ef a death-note. CHAPTER VI.— The Crisis. There was a grim surprise awaiting me at borne, in the dark shadows of the night, which had fallen there before my return. My faithful maid-servant Phoebe was ready to apprise me of it as she opened the door to me. 'If you please, Miss Bevis, there is a letter for you on the drawing-room table.' 'Well, Phoebe, what of that?' I said. ' It is past the post hour, I suppose.' 'It isn't that, miss; it hasn't come by post, but Mr. Frederick wrote it before he went away.' 'Before he ? '' And then I paused, with all my breath spent at the new fear which came quickly to me. I recovered myself, and went into my little drawing-room, Phoebe following me, full of curiosity; and loquacity. 'Yes, Suss Bevis, he has gone all in a flash, like. The railway porter came and fetched ids boxes, and then he wrote that letter and cried that hard over it that my heart was wrung to see him. And then he went, groan ing like a pig, and I am very glad you are back, Miss.' I took the letter and opened it. I knew its purport. I could have guessed almost at the lines, and I read itast&oughfor; the twentieth time, rather than the first. 'Yes, Phoebe, he has gone,' I said, folding my epistle. ' Yes, Miss, but doesn't he say what for ? ' asked the inquisitive Phoebe. 'For a change,' I answered, 'that is alL' And that was thetruth. Hehadgoneaway for a change, he said ; he could not exist any longer in Westerton now that she was leaving home. In the excitement and novelty of travel he might learn to forget her ; he would try with all His soul and strength. I would have preferred his remaining with me, now that the Gordons were going, but it was not to be. He had made up his mind very quickly and departed. Conrad's determina tion had altered for good or .for evil the lives that have been faintly sketched in this chronicle. I was unhappy all that night— the change had come so suddenly upon me. I felt I was left completely alone from that time forth. The house was very desolate, and the wind moaned without like a creature sick with pain. I sat cowering over the fire, thinking of the clay's incidents, my brother's unmanlike sorrow, Conrad's good intentions, and the grave, fair face of my darling, whom I loved so well and might never see again. Late into the night, I thought of her sitting there, grief-stricken, and wondering how th« story would end, and if the happy sequel were to follow, after the rule governing, pleasant story books. My maid had gone to her room and left me brooding by the fire. I had omitted to trim my lamp, and it was burning very dimly. There were shadows in the corners, and by the great front window where the curtains w ere draping out the night. Was it snowing, I thought presently? Was it just such a night as this day twelvemonth, when there had been high revelry at Conrad Gordon's house? Ah ! where was poor Fred sow? I went to the window and drew back the heavy curtain. I looked out into the night, which was very grey and misty. The snow had ceased falling, but it lay like a white and spotless shroud before me, save that the impression of some footsteps across the lawn to my window was stamped deeply therein. Footsteps !— who had come to my house since the night had closed, stolen to my window, stood and listened, perhaps? \- Who in Westerton had now any interest in me? ' Some wanderer attracted by the light,' I thought ?', last ; (then I drew the curtains to again, and went to my old place at the fire side. I could not rest. I could not go to my room. I felt strangely tempted to linger there throughout the night. I was like one sitting up for a late comer. Yes, there was a mystery abroad, and with, it beings as rest less as myself, for with no warning to my highly-strung nerves, a hand was rattled against the window-glass, and- a sharp voice called out my name. That voice! I rose and tottered to the window, pausing instinctively before I drew back the curtain. ' Who is there f I cried. 'Let me in, please — it is I — Conrad Gordon,' said the hollow voice without. I drew back the certain and opened the window before I had time for a moment's thought of the position, -of what new story a wakeful neighbor might make of this to* morrow. Conrad came 'in with » faltering, feeble step, like a man who had been drink ing. I went backwards towards the centre of the room, he following me slowly. 'She is not here, then?' he enquired. ' She—Mary !' I exclaimed. 'I saw the light in your window, and it was the last hope that I had. Yet I knew it was in vain,' he murmured ; 'all in vain ; from this hour forth, God help her.' ' Mary— is not— at your house?' I said again in a higher key, ' she is not at home, do you «ay ? Oh ! am I dreaming, or have you told me this, indeed?' 'Mary is not at home,' he answered gloomily, 'she has fled with your brother.' . 'No— no— I will not believe it,' I screamed, 'If yon snore it to me, I would not believe 'I have tried to think it a delusion,' he went on, with the same unnatural calmness ; 'I have prayed that it might be, and I a madman come back to -bis home. I have hurried here to make sure that it is real. Tell me I am mad, Bebecca, and I will bless you to my dying day.' ' You are mad to think any wrong of her,' I cried; 'appearances may be against her, but she may be at a friend's house — — ' He held up his hand to stop me, and X paused as at a given signal. 'Your brother was at my house to-night.' he said, ' two hours before I returned. He called to see her. The servants state they stole out together from the drawing-room witdow. It was a plot that had -been ar ranged between them long ago.' ? 'Oh, great heaven! do not tell me this, or I shall not believe in mail or woman more.' . ' It was a damnable hypocrisy to deceive me,' he cried, exhibiting some warmth of . temper at last; 'to lead me to believe she bad been always good and true; and was;pre-- ? -j pared to go-with roe to the limits of the earth ! ' —and then to love that wretch, that villain, '?? all the time !'. j ' It is not true,' I gasped. | 'Where is your brother? Can you say he i is in the house — that he has not gone away ?'' 'He left this afternoon,' I stammered, ' but that is a coincidence— a ? ' ' He did not leave Westerton so early. He was at my house a few hours since, and Ion* after you had quitted it. Rebecca Bevis, I shall kill him when -we meet,' he whispered with a' bitter intensity in my ears. ' Lcaveme, please— let me think of this. I am disturbed now. Fray go. What good can I do?' 'Tell me where he said he was going?' *' I do not know.' 'Did he leave no letter?' 'No!' It was a falsehood, but I could not show him Fred's letter, for it spoke of a love that should not have existed, and of a passion which had not died out, but was despairing end distraught. I would spare his misery all that I could. ' You would not deceive me,' he said, with a strange humility in his mournfulness. ' I can believe in one woman's word yet.' He walked towards the window, which was still open, paused, and looked back. ' Come and see me, come and help me by kind words, if I should be alive to-morrow,' he said. ' You wfll no nothing rash!' I cried 'You will be patient and wait. Do not think the worst — the very worst of her.' ' I will be patient and wait,' he muttered. He passed out iato the winter night, and I watched him toil upon his way until he was lost in the darkness beyond my garden hedge. Then once more the curtains were drawn by my trembling hands, and I tottered back to my place, a woman very weak now. I remem ber that I knelt and prayed there too — prayed away even the great dark doubt, and rose with the confidence that it was not my poor dar ling's guilt which was the clue to this dark mystery. There was another solution to come, and all might yet be well ! What had happened Mary Gordon had foreseen; this step had doubtless been resolved upon, but there was no sin in her thoughts when she had spoken to me with her hands upou my shoulders. ''If it should ever come to pass that I am away from Conrad— a long, long distance away— and he is living with his heart closed against me, as it has been all this bitter year, will you tell him what I have said, and what message I bade you give poor Fred, for my honor's sake and his ?' They were almost her last words, and I had well remembered them. Chapter VIL— Thkee Yeaks To-Day. It was all over the tattling little town of Westerton next morning that Mrs. Gordon had eloped with Fred Bevis. It was an indis putable fact, and the proofs were as strong as Holy Writ. Nothing could be clearer than this case which set the gossips' tongues in motion ; the young wife had taken advantage of her husband's absence and fled ; here was one more sad page to the big, bad volume of men's and women's lives. What could I think myself even, after the days had dragged on and never a word fiom her or Fred 2 The silence was that of sin, although my trustful heart refused to be con vinced, and my ears were ringing yet Tilth Mary Gordon's parting words. .1 saw no more of her desolate husband. I wrote to him once, asking if he had heard any news of Mary, and the answer that came back was monosyllabic, 'None.' It was rumored in the town he was going abroad in search of her, and presently that he had shut himself in his own house and refused to see his friends, or be tortured by their sympathy with his dishonor. He will recover shortly ; he will face the world again, and get the better of his troubles-get a divorce and a second wife more faithful to him. These were a few of the prophecies current in Westerton, but as time rolled on I feared for him. It is possible that there came to my heart even a wish to help him by kind words ; never a wish to marry him, I know, and that the picture which the ser vants drew of his solitary life, his seclusion in the library where the books remained un opened, and he sat staring into empty space, touched me with its hopeless misery. I had loved the man once, I had hoped for his happiness with her he preferred before my self, and his isolation was fearful to consider. I had known how proud and susceptible a man he was, and I could guess how the blow had fallen upon him. He would go mad. That was to be the end of the story— there was no chance for him which any one could see, if he took the trouble of bis life in that grim, awful manner. Friends sent to him their advice at last, and got no answer from him ; they had long since ceased to call at a house where they were invariably refused admission by its master ; only one servant in it, even, had an opportunity of waiting upon him; the rest were warned to keep beyond the precincts of his library and bedroom as they valued remaining in his service. He only wanted peace and rest, he asserted— was there any one living who would begrudge it him? Sometimes the temptation came to me to write him a long letter, to tell him of my last meeting with Mary, and all that she had said ; and more than once, as the time went on and wrought no change in him, it was a temptation almost irresistible. I could not account for it — the words were an idle mockery now, and would but aggravate his pain i and yet, towards the winter again, I found myself sitting, pen in hand, at my desk, resolved to dare the message. There was a story, about this time that Fred and Mrs. Gordon had been seen together in Dresden, and that stopped me again. One of those busybodies whose faculties lie in remember ing faces, and who, perforce, are men of in numerable mistakes, came back to Westerton to maintain that he had seen them, and there could be no possibility of error. Well, well, it was natural that he should not be mistaken, and so an end to it. Such news as that might stir the misanthrope at 'The Limes' to action, and would surely reach, after the fashion of such news ; but no movement was made by the injured husband, and days stole on imperceptibly towards the wellremem bered Christmas-time when he had married Mary, and again when, after a year of misery, he had grown hopeful of ' sweet reconcilement.' It was the twenty-third of December at last. It had come round to the day of her flight— her wedding-day, too, chosen out of sheer revenge, her husband would always think. It was a contrast to the bitter weather of the hist two Christmases; people said it was like the autumn again, the days were so bright and sunny, and the fields, so fresh and green. Three years to-day, I thought, since Conrad Gordon's wedding. In what way was he keeping its anniversary in his lonely house ? All day that thought weighed me down ; I could see him in his library, with the shadows thick upon him, and his dark face set and immobile. It was the one figure by which I was haunted. I did not go out— I did not work, or write, or read. The early night found me still brooding before the fire light, in much the same way as I had done a twelvemonth since, only the hour was late then, and the snow upon the ground. I was not Husking of 3tfary Gordon. — I am pre pared to affirm here solemnly— only of ner husband in his trouble, and wondering when it would end ; it is just possible it might be a delusion, and I its victim to this day. But as I cowered over the faint embers of the fire in my darkening room I felt two hands upon my shoulders, pressing down upon me fondly, and a voice whispering suddenly and awfully in my ears the last four words that Mary Gordon had ever spoken to me— ' YouvMrotftrget!' They were words slowly and solemnly de livered—not the far-off echo of a memory twelve months old— and I cowered down still more in my alarm with the pressure of the two hands still upon me. Even her name escaped me aloud. ' Mary !' I murmured ; ' my poor Mary !' and then the words came .to my eats again, but thistime changed somewhat; or my ner vous fancies were betraying me — ' You wjst not forget /' The pressure passed away, and I stood up panting and afraid, with my eyes glaring into the shadows of the room; where there was a something vague and misty, moving from me with its hands outspread as if in supplication. A something that- was like Mary Gordon in face and figure, as seen at a distance through a veil, or with faint lines of snowdrift glancing athwart it— a vision from another world. I gave a scream and fainted. When I came to myself the room was lighted up, and Phoebe was stooping over me with a glass of water in her hand. - 'Are you better, Miss Bevis?' she en quired. 'What's the matter? Have I been ill ? ' I heard you scream and ran in and found you in a swoon,' was the reply. ' Did — did you meet any one as you came in?' ' No, ma'am — not anybody.' ' Draw the curtails, please, and leave me to myself.' Phoebe executed my commands, and I was left to think of all that had happened. Was it a warning or the effect of an imagination overwrought? Had I brooded too deeply upon this, or was Mary Gordon dead and unable to rest in her grave? I was not super stitious : I had always laughed at supersti tious folk, but the impression on my mind was not to be thought down or shaken off ton readily.- I had heard Mary'* voice.' I had , eeen-something so like Mary, too, 'that I was : ghost-haunted. 'You -will not forget,' had ?! been whispered in my ears, and I had for- j gotten ! I had made a promise and failed to j keep it — I was^jintrue to my trust. I was : wholly in the wrong. ? . ' . ' . j I came to a sudden determination-; I arould. 1 go to Conrad Gordon -that very evening and J tell him all his wife had said. I might ba re- ? fused -admittance with -the-rest, but-at tha - ] worst I could send in. my message to. Ma. .. It might'do good ; it might change the jrhftlfe j; current of his thoughts. I had been toa long . silent, knowing more than he did. I rang the bell, and asked for my hat and cloak;' I gave Phoebe instructions to accom pany me also. We were standing in the hall together, ready to depart, when a knocking and ringing at the door startled us. I had few visitors, and none at so late an hour. The clock was striking eight. ' Who can it be?' said Phoebe. ' It is Conrad Gordon,' I answered. 'Oh! good gracious, I hope it isn't, or T shall think you're quite a witch, Miss Bevis.'' ' Open the door, please. Quick !' Phoebe obeyed my direction, and my brother stepped into the house. 'Fred! you have come back then.' 'Yes, BecMe ; why should I not?' was tha first question. 'To face your accusers ; to prove that their calumnies are false,' I continued. ' Calumnies,' repeated my brother. ' What calumnies?' 'You don't know?' I exclaimed, with a half scream of delight. 'You have not heard !' 'Not a word.' ' You did not take Mary Gordon from her husband's home — you did not?' 'From her home— Mary— as God's my judge, no,' he answered solemnly. ' Come with me at once to ' The Limes !' ' X cried. 'Heaven has surely sent you here to- night.' 'But I don't understand,' said Fred ; 'you bewilder me. Why should I go ? What has become of Mary Gordon? When did she leave her home?' ' I will explain as we go along.' ' I said I would never enter that house,' he said, - hesitatingly. 'I promised her ? ' Fred,' I cried, ' am I to doubt you again ? Am I to believe you are not telling me the truth?' ' It is all true I have said, but ? ' ' But Mary is dead— I have seen her ghost to-night.' 'Are you mad?' 'And justice must be done to her.' ' God forbid she is dead,' said my brother, shuddering. 'It is Gordon who says that this day twelvemonth you were at his place.' 'It is true.' ' And that you 'went away with Mary ?' 'It is a cruel lie,' he exclaimed. 'Yes, let us go and tell him that at once.' I took him at his word— I gave him no time to hesitate again. We went out into the night together. Chapter VHL— The Cruel Truth. The darkness of the day had been followed by a dense, damp darkness, more in keeping with our thoughts. There was a misty sleet falling, and the wind was soughing dismally around the unlucky house of Gordon, and swaying the bare branches of the limes till, to my excited imagination, they looked like wizard's arms beckoning us toward* them. The bell we rang in this house of grief clanged ominously, and we could hear it echoing strangely along the corridors within. The great mansion was very dark; there was not a single light in its whole extent to shine forth a welcome to us— it stood out, a huge black wall against the lesser blackness of the «ky. Presently feet were heard shuffling alone; the hall towards us, and the door was slowly and cautiously opened by a servant, who had huddled on some clothes in haste. 'What is your business 2' he asked. ' My name is Bevis. Please take that card to Mr. Gordon, and say that I wish to see him on business of importance.' The man looked from me to the card, and then from the card to me and my brother. ' I beg your pardon, Miss Bevis, Irecognise your name,' he said, ' but you knowmy poor master will see no one.' ' He will see me, I think.'. 'There is no one up in the house but my self, and I dare not approach him. Tickers, that is his valet, ma'am, has been sent away too, as he wanted no more attendance to night,' he said. 'Will you try, for my sake,' I urged, 'for the master's? I bring him good news.' 'Good news,' said the man, doubtful if he had heard aright. 'Yes, tell Mm so.' ' It's a risk, but Pll do it,' he exclaimed, ' will you step in and wait?' He closed the door and left us waiting in the hall— it seemed a long and weary time be fore he was back again. 'My master's compliments,' he said, 'and he begs you will forgive him for refusing to see you, or to hear your news to-night. He would remind you of what to-night is, if you have forgotten, he bade me say.^ ' Was he angry with you ?' ' ' No, ma'am— and that seems very strange, considering how hard-like Tickers says he is.' ' Would you be afraid to take another mes sage ?' I enquired, putting a sovereign inta his hand. 'Well— no— no, ma'am,' he replied, 'and if I lose my place it don't much signify. I shall get a livelier one, I fancy.' 'Tell him this, then— that my brother Fred is with me, and is most anxious to see him also.' ' Is this— yes, so it is— Mr. Bevis?' The man put back the sovereign in my hand. ' I can't take that message, -its more than my life's worth.' 'But it has all been a mistake, and we can prove it.' 'Not to my master,' said the servant, shaking his head, ' I wouldn't believe it my self.' 'Then I will go to him,' I cried. 'No, no, for mercy's s?ke, think a moment.' He stood in my way now. 'You must not, madam, really.' ' Fred, don't let hint stop me.' My brother's strong arms removed him and held him fast, and I went swiftly along the dimly-lighted corridors towards the library where I was sure he was. The house long since had grown familiar to me, and I knew every step of the way. I was at the library door at last, where my heart failed me some what, and a sudden sense of faintne^s came upon me. I could hear my brother's voice, and the servant's angry remonstrance rever berating in the distance, but all was misty before my eyes. Was it a delusion, or did Mary's voice thrill in my ears again! ' You will not forget f' I was strong now, not weak with new alarms. My hand fell, not lightly on the panels of the door. 'What is it ?' came immediately from a hollow voice within. ' Conrad,' I said, ' I have come mvself to see yon— don't send me sway, I am Rsbcc :x- Bevis.' There was a pause, then the voice replied— ' She should nave come long ago.' I did not reason with him— I went on. 'My brother Fred is here,' I said, 'he wishes to tell you all the truth, and that he has not deceived yom' 1b» silence that ensued waslonger than be fore— I thought it would not be broken again. The answer came at last, however. 'I will not see him.' Still I held my ground with womanly persistence. I was not to be easily set aside that night. There was another plea to urge — the last. ' Conrad, I bring you a message from ptor Mary?' There was a terrible silence now, so long and painful that my heart throbbed violently with its suspense. The answer came at length, 'Come to me!' I tried the handle of the door. It turned, to my surprise, and I opened the door, and entered. The room -was very urge, and a faint light from a small table-lamp did not suffice to dispel the shadows which were there. As I advanced slowly and nervously I could see him in his chair, a gaunt, wasted, white faced figure, -with two large . glaring eyes. It was a poor mad face into which I gazedv The face of an old man, with hairrupon his head as white as snow! To my dying day I shall not lose the sight of him. ' Oh, Conrad !' I exclaimed in my surprise andpity 'You bring me a message from Mary?'' he said. 'Yes.' 'From the dead?' he asked, in a deep voice. ' Do you think she is dead, then VI replied wonderingly.. ....... ., . 'Her spirit is beside you now, he answered, calmly, ' I see her plainly, despite the veil, or mist that is before her. Like a woman standing out in the snow she always seems to me.' ' Great heaven !' ' But she never speaks to me.' he added, 'What has she told you to say?' 'This — on the hut day I saw her alive, and in this house :— That she had never had one spark of affection in her heart for my brother from the hour of her marriage with you; tbat she had always loved you very deaily, and would go to the end of the world with you to prove it— was going, too, most hopefully and trustfully. I was to tell Fred this, too, lest he should be as mistaken as yourself . ' If it should ever come to pass,' she said, 'that I am away from Conrad; a loner. Ions distance away, and he is living with his heart closed against me* — r-' 'Oh, srood God ? I wtlit on wiMuiut heeding him. ' ' As it has icon all this bitter year— will ? i you tell him i what I have said, and what j message I bade you give poor Fred, for ' my honor's sake and his.' That is my message. I. wish I had brought it sooner,'., . I concluded.1 ; : 'Itwoold have Added .to 'my -misery, .-by I showing- me ^moFe-: clearly Unjy ^injastice,'- be replied. 'I am not certain that this will nofciill-pie-now -and at onca.'- \- --? ' It will not do that — it— — ' : .1. 1 stopped/f or he had risen with- difficulty from his chair, and was standing with two shrivelled hands clutching the arms. He glared before him still more wildly — ' This is the message then, Mary — the truth?' he asked. Presently he turned his bead, and dropped into the chair like a stone. ' You are ill. Fred ! Fred !' I screamed. My brother entered the room, followed by the servant. They had both been waiting without. Conrad Gordon opened his eyes, and locked at us dreamily. He recognised ray brother. 'What did you want at this house twelve months ago to- night ?' he asked. ' I was leaving for good. I could not at last resist the temptation to say good-bye t-- her. I wished to give her back the letters she had written to me before her marriage. I came and left in all good faith,' was the reply. 'I believe it now,' was the slow answer, 'for the first time, I believe it. I was watching you.' ' You watching!' ' I thought I would kill you— but I killed her instead.' ' Oh, do not say that !' ' It seemed a greater retribution then,' Conrad Gordon murmured; 'now it is a greater and more awful crime. It is un pardonable.' 'Conrad.' I said imploringly, 'you can- not mean this. There is no truth in it—long brooding here has given you these fancies.' ' It is true. Tell them alL I wait here for the law. I have been waiting.' ' But— when you came to my hou-re ? ' ' I was deceiving you— I had the coward's fear of detection upon me. I thought I had acted justly in my deep revenge, and that she was not fit to live.' . 'And you ? ' ' Killed her in this room. Strangled her — and took her body down to the river — where I — sank it' 'Oh, God forgive you, Gordon !— if this be true,' I cried. ' It is all true,' he muttered. ' Leave me now in peace. I shall not go away. You will find me here to-morrow.' We went at his request, and the morrow found him there as he had promised us. He was sitting upright in the chair as we had seen him last, but it was the face of a dead man into which we gazed. The End. 