STORY OF A SIN. [By the Author of "Comin' thro' the Eye."] Chapter XXII. " O Heaven ! it is mysterious, it is awful, to con sider that we not only carry each a future ghost within hirii, hut are, in very deed, ghosts !" Darkness had crept over the court before Mr. Valentine had ceased to speak; the scarlet canopy above the judge's head had turned black, and even the ladies' bonnets were swallowed up in the gloom. The officials had neglected to bring lights, and it was im possible to perceive what effect this speech, that traversed all rules of legal etiquette, had produced on prisoner, judge, and jury. Suddenly, almost in the moment of his voice ceasing, and before even a hum of exclamation could arise from the body of the court, a hubbub without spoke of some new excitement in connection with the trial: and a moment later, preceded by an usher who bore lights, a man—ragged, unshorn, and reckless- looking—entered the court. He did not wait to be addressed, but boldly said that he had come to give important evidence about the murder, and the sooner he was sworn the better. His appearance was the finishing stroke to the day's surprises, and even the judge, who had been in a state of moral shock ever since Mr. Eyre's self- denouncement, leaned forward to look earnestly at the man. Duly sworn, he gave his evidence as follows:— He was a tramp, and could neither read nor write. Did not often trouble himself about other folks' business, though often enough they troubled themselves about his. On the whole, he thought he would rather be in gaol than out of it—leastways in winter time, when there were no fresh buds and things to smell at, and make a man forget his stomach. He had been on the tramp now for three weeks, but two days ago, when at forty miles from Lovel, he had heard some gipsies talking about a murder that had been committed at that place on a certain night, and how .a woman had been arrested on suspicion of it. That made him think of something he had seen on passing through the village that very night, and it went against his conscience to let a woman be hanged for what she hadn't done; tramps had got consciences sometimes —there was no tax yet on that commodity, or maybe he couldn't afford the luxury. Well, he bad tramped all the way back, and hoped he'd come in time. It seemed a largish sort of company to be got together to try and hang one woman. Brought sharply back to the evidence he had volunteered, he deposed to the following :— Late in th'e afternoon preceding the murder he had passed through the village of Lovel, and, between five and six, having begged unsuccessfully at half-a- dozen doors, he struck out across Synge-lane for a house he knew of, where the servants would give him a crust of bread and a drink of beer. But a bright light shining from a cottage attracted his attention, and he drew near the window, meaning to look in, _ when it gave him a turn to see close beside liim a man who held a pistol pointed at something or some body inside the room. He got behind him and looked in. A woman—a real beauty— was sitting just inside, and seemed to have dropped asleep in her chair; she' had on something loose and white, and looked as happy as a new-born babe. He was just lifting his hand to knock the pistol from the man's hand when the latter dropped it by his side, and without looking round, or perceiving him, moved away. He didn't follow—where was the good! Thought it was a bit of jealousy, belike, and it's ill work meddling between a man and his woman. Thought no more of it till the gipsies said a woman had been murdered that night at Lovel, and blamed himself for not having run , after the man, who had been practising like, as it seemed, when witness saw him, but later on had come back and actually killed her. The tramp's face was a study of amazement and disbelief when he was told that no murder was committed at Synge-lane that night, and that the woman he had seen threatened stood in the dock before him, on the charge of having murdered the mistress of theRed Hall, over a mile distant. The tramp stared stupidly, then exclaimed that it was "mortal queer." For his own part, he shouldn't wonder if the man he'd seen practising at murder hadn't gone up to the Hall and done it in sober earnest—one woman being very like another, and, having once got his hand in, perhaps he wasn't particular as to his game, so long as he brought down something. Asked if he thought he could recognise the man again, and requested to glance round the court m search of him (for by now it was j fairly lit), the tramp's gaze wandered vaguely I over the sea of faces, and he shook his head. He was sorry he had come hack, he said—he j had done no good—and in future he would let his conscience slide, for it brought him i more plague than profit. At the conclusion of his evidence the court adjourned until the following day, at 10 | o'clock, and rapidly emptied, the prevailing impression of astonishment being too keen to permit of more than mere broken exclama tions. Not even by the following morning would the revelations of that day be fully digested. ; As Mr. Eyre left the court he came face to face with the tramp, who lingered, scanning the features of those who came out. " Have you ever seen me before, my man said Mr. Eyre, who stood in a strong light. The tramp looked hard at him, then away. " I couldn't see Ms face," he said, sullenly, '' but you're about his height. But what was her that's murdered to you?" "My wife." The man lifted his shoulders suddenly—he had got a clue. Over-much love, or over much hate, these were the causes of half the murders upon earth, especially between hus bands and wives. 