NEWS AND NOTES. A deputation from the Colac Railway Lague Arrived on Saturday . morning. It consisted of Mr Bartlett, shire councillor, and Mr Moroney, shire engineer. These gentlemen were accompanied by Mr Morrison, mayor, of Browns and Schedule. The. Ballarat league were represented by Mes*rs Irwin, Luplati, ■Thomson, and TrezUe. A conference was held at Irwin** Provincial hotel, when the deputa tion stated that certain opponents- to the in - troduction of the ‘ proposed line, had made. , untrue representation* to the CommisMoner of Railways, to the effect that the construction of the proposed line would be very expensive inconsequence of a largn viaduct being neces sary. ; The promoters of the Colne to Scarsdale line were aware that no: viaduct would be required, but in order to satisfy the Minister it was considered-desirable to have professional opinion, and report *on the..matter; and the Colac League bad deputed Mr Bartlett and Mr Moroney to go over the route of the pro* posed line. As the Ballarat League bad no engineer on their executive committee It was thought advisable, to telegraph to Mr John Lynch, mining surveyor, who is well acquainted with the district, asking him to meet the Colac deputation : at Smytbesdule and go over the ground with them. The party left at 2 o'clock on Saturday, accompanied by Mr Young, M L A., and the Mayor of Scarsdale. ; The Ballarat demonstration to celebrate the victory of the British forces in Egypt took place on Saturday evening, and was in every respect an unqualified success. After, the procession bad finished marching, and when short addresses were being delivered at the Uni* Corn hotel, there were about 25.000 persona in Sturt street watching the proceedinga.' - The Town Hall, the. newspaper offices, and several business establishments were Illuminated in \% brilliant and appropriate.. manner. ? A full re* k port 'of tbevproceediogs) will be found else where. / We learn that Mr Robert Howie, the well- | knownl horpetrainer, of'Miners* Best, has in- i st.rueted bis solicitors; .'Messrs Cuthbert and i Wynne, to institute 'proceedings against our morningcontempoVary; claiming £2ooodamsges fur libel. The action** arises from a statement that appeared in that paper,' and which went (he rounds of the colonial press, to the effect' that .Mr Howie; was. an inmate of a lunatic asylum’in Sydney*—a statement (hat is said to be absolutely false acid void of foundation. MrPuryea has already been retained for the plaintiff. : :r. We learn by telegram that Luke Spargo, the engine driver~at'the PArterVU*nted ir cUim, at Gordon, when a miner named Charles Neil whs killed through the cage being drawn up to thtf poppet-heads, was arrested': at 'North Creawick yesterday, by Constables Kelteher and Daly, on a charge of manslaughter. - The arrest was a very smart one. V'-’ We regret to record the fact that the young j jockey, George Wilson, , died at his father’s residence, Dowling Forest on > Friday night, from the effects'of the injuries-be received on Friday whilst riding in the Maiden Handicap Steeplechase. The medical gentlemen who attended him considered., the . case hopeless froth the first, as * the lungs were b*dly ruptured, and the chest and ribs terribly bruised. The news caused a profound sensation in the' district, as the deceased, who was only 2 4 years of age at the time of his death, •was much liked by all with whom be came in contact. The greatest sympathy h felt for the fathe r , Me T. Wilson, ..who baa been thus suddenly bereft. George was the second sob, and rendered bis father valuable assistance in the conduct of his establishment. The re mains of the deceased were yesterday interred in the cemetery at Pound Hill, and the funeral cortege was the largest that has been seen in the district for maiiy years, comprUing about 70 vehicles, and over, 50 horsemen. Amongst those who followed the hearse were Judge Trench,' Mr D. Bropby, M.L.A., Mr Agar Wynue, Mr James Baird, Mr Gib* bings, Mr D. M*f?«iail; the members of the Hunt and Turf Club committees, and nearly all the leading bunting men of Ballarat. Amongst the.mourners were the employees of; Mr T. Wilson, all of whom seemed to feci acutely the loss |of tbeir young and promising companion" The pall-bearers were as follow: i Messrs Corrigan, Dyke, Holgate, Miller, M. Lotighlin. Dd Lancy Forth, R. Orr, and J. M'Kellar, The service at the grave was-im nressively conducted by ‘the Rev, Mr Siitor, Presbyterian clergyman. A touching spectacle was here witnessed, s number :.o£ children bringing to the grave a quantity of fiorai offerings in token of respect' for the memory of the deceased. The mortuary arrangements were in the able hands of Mr Morris, of Grenville street. - - ; ' A daring case of assault and robbery occurred in the Eastern Oval reserve on Satur day afternoon. A man named William Nelson, a Swede, aged 50 years, was standing inside the enclosure in the company of that notorious character, Maria O'Keefe. Nelson was under the influence of liquor, and the female, taking advantage of the man’s muddled condition, suddenly gave her companion two severe blows on the face, knocking him down. The woman next placed her foot on Nelson’s throat, and while he was in this helpless condi- tion she abstracted a purse and two shillings in silver from his pocket. The groans of Nelson, it is said, attracted the attention of Mr Curtis, J.P., and two lads, who came to the unfortunate man’s assistance. When the female noticed that her actions had been ob- served, she cried out,“Go away, boys, and don't be teasing the poor man." Constable Hede subsequently arrested O'Keefe and lodged her in the Town lockup. Nelson was also placed in the watchhouse on a charge of being drunk and disorderly. The female prisoner has not been long out of gaol, after serving a sentence of 12 months' imprisonment for being an idle and disorderly character. Kathleen, thojnare ridden by poor Gaorge Wilson in the Maiden Steeplechase at the Bal larat Hunt Club races on Friday, sustained such serious injuries to the spine that she bad subsequently to be destroyed. A special meeting of the council of the School of Mines was held at the institution on Saturday evening; Mr James Oddie in the chair. It was resolved, after a lengthy discus sion, to * cancel the arrangements made to obtain a professor of geology and chemistry from Borland, and co offer Messrs Krau-d and Mica Smith,.who now have charge at the school, Respectively a fresh engagement at the Bame rate of salary. ' , . What is meant! In the bar of a well-known and highly respectable hotel in Ballarat, a pier glass is to be seen bearing the following words:— C ‘AH spirits sold at this establish ment are diluted with water only.” People h*ve asked what other kinds of fluids are used in diluting spirits ? The City Council appears unwilling to re move the fence around the Snirt street plan tation, but this disgrace to Ballarat citizens is rapidly disappearing through other agencies. Ou Saturday morning last a restive young animal belonging to C«Vghorn Bros, was being driven down Sturt street attached to a dray, and when nearly opposite Mr Niven’s establish ment, the animal swerved suddenly on to the reserve. Before - the driver could obtain the mastery, it had broken through the fence, and fallen down. The horse was hood raised to his feet unhurt save a few trifling scratches, but one panel of the fence was razid to the ground. On Saturday night, during the great crush in Sturt street, several panels on the southern aide of the plantation were also demolished. The City Council may save itself the expense of repair ing the fence and continue the good work thus propitiously commenced, by removing' the entire obstruction. Mr Brady, an architect of the Public Works Department, visited Ballarat Bast on Saturday last on matters concerning the proposed new Post and Telegraph office*. Accompanied by several of the councillors, hs inspected the Humffrny and Main road site and the Victoria and Hnmffray streets site, where be took' measurements. The dangerous condition of the Public Library and the police barracks, caused by the subsidence of the bill through mining operations, was shown to Mr Brady. Subsequently, civic hospitality was extended to the visitor at the Town Hall. An application was made to the Supreme Court on Friday, in an action of Summers v Cooper, to enter a verdict for the plaintiff for £9O The plaintiff had been proprietor of a ' residence area at Ballarat, on which be had erected a six-roomed wooden bouse. He let 1 this house to a person named Nicbolls, and ! after the death of the latter he permitted the widow to remain la occupation, she paying | him rent. After some time the. widow ob tained registration of the laud in her own ; name, ms holder of the residence area, and transferred it to the defendant. The plaintiff I afterwards applied to the Court of Mines to be, declared entitled to the residence area, but the I court held that ha bad not proved that be was entitled to the property, and bia suit was therefore dismissed. He subsequently brought this action to- recover tho value of the house he had erected, contending that he had a right at anytime to remove the house he bad erected on the place. Tho court reserved its j judgment. : • ■ . . . ’ j The mid-day train from Ballarat due at Maryborough at half-past 2 o’clock, was ho hour and a quarter behind time on Friday, through getting off tho line at tho Talbot points. A “ ghost” appeared on Friday and Satur day; nights in Pleasant -street. The super . natural visitant had the effect of scaring.-* a number of passers by. Several small boys went out in chase of It, armed with a pistol loaded with salt, but were unable to get, a sight of the spectre , which had probably received news of their plot. Ghosts are also said .to have appeared inAUredton and in tho New Cemetery.. , Our Smytbesdale correspondent writes:— At the meeting of,the Browns and Scarsd.ale Borough Council on Friday, in the absence of Cr Young Cr Bell moved— 1 ‘ That the resoln iioo standing in (he council's books relating to advertisements be’ rescinded,*. carried. ; ; Cr .Bell .then, moved—*That, the .council’s advertisements be inserted In future io the Ballarat Star and Courier,- which after considerable discussion was also carried.*'; A good number of rowing men assembled at Lake * Wendonre* on Saturday afternoon to witness the ceremony of hoisting the new colours of the Ballarat City Rowing Club. Among those present were Mr H. R. Caselli, J.P., president; vice- president,''- captain, vice-captain, secretary' and several members. Tbe new fl.g was hoisted by the president amidst cheers, after which an adjournment was made to the WbeaUheaf hotel, where a few toasts were proposed.. There appears to be a bright future in'store for the C ty Rowing Club. At the present time there are close upon 200 members on the roll, and the Incom ing subscriptions will , be sufficient to. defray the cost of the new'dressing- room. To Mr Richard Toy the. members of the club in ques* lion have a courteous, obliging* and energe ic secretary, a gentleman who will spare n« v pains to forward the best interests, ot the dub. : • ' ■•*V• Mr M KelUr, ft well-known landholder at Hamilton, yesterday engaged a special train from the Western, railway station to convey him home. .He wouid-bave left on Saturday •by-an ordinary train, but stayed at Ballarat; on purpose to attend the fuueralof the jockey Wilaon, at Miners’. Rest. . • w A young fellow named Alexander Mahoney, who was concerned in a recent prize fight at • Messrs -O’FarreU and. Sob’s saleyards,- was arrested bn Saturday night by Constable Barry, and lodged in the City )ockup_,oa a charge of being drunk nod disorderly. Another male inebriate - also shared'the ' slumbers of Mahoney in the cells. The number of the receipfents of relief duriog> the week at the Benevolent Asylum was 1000, of whom 344 were children. ‘ The demonstration in Ballarat on Saturday night was the cause of a great increase to. the passenger traffic at the- Western Railway Station. The travellers by . rail were exceed ingly numerous, and exclusive of the Melbourne Hoe, nearly. 1000 tickets were collected, the majority of the - passengers arriving by the Maryborough trains. A daring attempt to escape from the Gordon lock*up was made on Saturday evening by a, prisoner’named Qilvalier Emilie, aftas Gabriel ■Gabely, a Frenchman, who bad been' arrested during the morning by Constable i)eacon for breaking into the house of a Mrs Thomas •Dunlop and stealing a halfcrbwn .therefrom. Emilie had, it appears, broken up a tin bucket In the cell, and using it as a lever he wrenched a! plate’ off the lock-up door. : He was - fumbling with the bolt outside,’-when he was observed by a constable, who arrived opportunely to prevent his escape. Ho was brought into Ballarat at 11 o’clock on the same night, and placed in a cell at the Central police station for safe keeping. When searched at the Gordon police station, the arresting constable the prisoner a gold watch,? valued at £25, which bus since been identified by Mrs O’Malley, of . Warro nheip, as her pro perty. At 2 o’clock on Thursday morning the watch was safe In Mrs O’Malley’s bedroom, -hut at 9 o’clock it was gone. Emilie was only , discharged from Pentridge on the llfch instant, after serving a sentence of two years for house breaking at Ecbuca. He .will .be brought: up at Gordon ou Wednesday next, for the various offeucea. . The lake and gardens committee, in its report to the City Council,'mentions that the design for the proposed conservatory will, in all probability, cost by t he time of its comple tion £2OOO. The amount now in-the bunds of the council, together with the Government; grant, would only go half way towards its completion, which would therefore' be de layed for some time. Asthe maintenance of the conservatory would necessarily be an expensive: item, the committee invites the council to reconsider the. whole matter, and commends for consideration the following: —” That a smaller conservatory, to cost when finished (say) £lOOO, of some complete design, be selected, and that the remaining space be filled with a large shelter house, with some ornamental front flunking, the glass house, the conservatory would surrounded on three sides by.a most, attrac tive lounge, far exceeding in area what a large conservatory would give, and involving the minimum of coat and future maintenance.. By such a plan we should have a conservatory almost equal to that in the Melbourne Gar dens, certainly superior to that of Geelong, and it could bo achieved by the aid of a Govern*, ment grant equal to. our own accumulated fund. The front of the shelter house could be first set up, and the extension at rear be effected at leisure, letting the present building at the nursery remain as at present. Yesterday Mr Berlin Simpson, of Melbourne, officiated in St. Mark’s, Mount Clear. After the service a very pleasing duty devolved upon upon him—that of presenting to Mr Heath, head teacher in the Sunday school, a small gif t from 1 the teachers and scholara-in recognition of bis past services. The present consisted of three volumes of Wyld’s “History of Pro testantism.” The' residents of Haddonnud surrounding district will be pleased to learn that Mr H. R MYiity has been appointed to the commission of the peace. Mr M’Vitty is well and favour ably known in the district,' and we feel sure that the appointment will give universal satis* faction. * . Last evening W. Berlin Simpson, of Mel* bourne, preached to a large, congregation in Sr. Stephen’s, Clayton Hill. At the close of the service the ** National Anthem” was sung by the choir in a highly creditable manner, as •a tribute to the success of. the British arms in The proceeds ot the concert in aid of the widow and children of the late T. Hebb, of Buninyong, amounted. to £l2 net, and the subscription list to £l2, making a total of £24. It is the intention of the committee to pur chase a cottage at Scotchmans with the money. A vote of thinks was passed to the ladies (Mrs Raines and Mrs Green, sen.) who collected the subscriptions, and to the performers at the concert. Some larrikins have recently been amusing themselves by destroying several trees at the corner of Ligar and Nelson streets, Th*» City Council has directed that a reward of £5 be offered for the conviction of* offenders. The following gentlemen have been ap pointed honorary magistrates within the baili wicks specified:—Midland bailiwick—-Messrs B. Davidson, Maldon; A. M’Millan, Lake Leaghur; J. Potter, Jarklan; W. J. Rathlrigh, Daylesford; C. Sainsbury, Majorca, Southern bailiwick—Messrs Robert Bell, Scaradale; H, R 14‘Vitty, Haddon. The .following returns have been-received from the Ballarat Hospital for this week end ing yesterday. At the begiuing of the week there were 98 inmates of ithe institution, 72 males and 2G females. There have since been admitted 15 males and 5 females, making a total of 118. Of these 6 males and 3 females have been discharged, leaving at the end of the week 81 males and 28 females or a total of 109; 397 old and 77 new outpatients have been treated during the week. The comet was a very beautiful sight at Smeatoo on Sunday morning shortly before daylight. The case against “Fiery” Morton for brutally assaulting Constable Smith, of Ballarat East, will be proceeded with at the Town Court this morning. The prisoner, who is at present undergoing a sentence at the Ballarat gaol, will be brought up on Aafteas. At the Smytbesdale Sub-Treasury the fol lowing new accounts are lying for J, M Nolan, C. Stanbrook, R, Stewart, J. Taylor, A. Christie, W. Christie (2), Christie Bros., aud’J, Elgar. Our Smytbeadala correspondent writes;— “At the monthly meeting of Browns and Scarsdale Borough Council on Friday last, Cr Bell gave notice that he would move at the next meeting that preliminary steps be taken to merge the borough into the shire.” The annual tea meeting in connection with the Presbyterian Church, Springs, will be held on Wednesday evening next. Several gentlemen of note are to deliver addresses on the occasion. Under the careful supervision of the devoted pastor of the church, the Rev. R Hamilton, and the gentlemen of the church committee, these annual gatherings, sup- ported as they are by all denominations, have become quite an institution at the above place, and are always brought off very successfully. It is to be hoped that the weather may prove propitious, in which case a large attendance' may be expected. A sale of Crown lauds by public auction will take place, at. Maryborough, on Friday, 27th October. ' • A meeting of the Orphan Asylum Soiree Committee will be held - at' the Benevolent Asylum boardroom on Tuesday, evening at 8 P-W. - The business will comprise the fixing of a date on which to bold the usnal soiree. '*■ The following returning under the Education Act. have been . appointed;—George Douglas, east riding shire of Ripon, vice A. M’Donell, resigned ; Robert :Kirkpatrick, west riding shire of Ripon, vice R. Ward, resigned. • The White* Past, or Day’of Atonement (Holy; Day), which is strictly observed by every member of the Hebrew denomination wherever be may be located, took' place on Saturday last.* The synagogue was most densely crowded, our friends from r Mary borough and other districts being present, and despite the improved mode of ventilation the heat was mn«t oppressive. The service, cbm* meoced on Friday evening- at 6 o’clock, and continued till 9, the service being performed by the rev. minister, I. M. Qoldreich, in a most impressive manner, and according to the orthodox moder The text selected by the rev. gentleman for bis sermon was from the lasfveraa of the 10th chapter of ‘‘Cursenot the King, no, notin' thy-tbought, and;curse nob the rich in thy bedchamber, for a bird.of the Hirsh*/! carry the.yoice, and chat which: hath wince shall, tell the matter.”: He moat eloquently illustrated; the same from' a parable in the > Midrash, > explaining. most' cUarJy tba ; necessUy of repentance, and what was meant by that word. The-lecture, which lasted nearly 40 minutes, was moat attentively ■listened to by every member ofthe congrega tion. A prayer moat applicable ■to the .day was then offered by’> the rev/ minister, in which heraosc fervently prayed for the sake of MrJff. H.‘ Sulc»m»h. the pchdblmastep, , whoso case was most critical. The members of the visibly affected. On Satur day morning the service commenced at 7 a.m., and continued uninterruptedly till half-past 6 p m., Mr Spielvogel assisting in the service. The text for the sermon selected by the rev. minister, on'this occasion was the 3rd verse vL chap. Isaiah'— 41 And one cried unto another and said. Holy/holy, holy iV the Lord of Hosts: the whale earth, is full of hia glory,” He i bandied the text in a,most masterly manner, 1 logically introducing the three great-attributes ' applicable to all denominations, and. most especially the Jaws, viz., prayer, .penitence, and charity, pleading most earnestly on behalf of the Jews in Russia, the philanthropic society, and the school, which : appeal was so far successful • that voluntary contributions were made by many of the members, especially to the two last. The choir assisted during the service. ' Young Carey, the jockey who ‘ was ‘ so severely injured some time ago at the Miners* Rest training ground, is now-progressing to wards recovery. A small boy named Charles Brown met with a paiuful accident at the Western Oval, by, which he sustained a broken arm.. He was treated at the Hospital. _ • Mr J.B.’Lae, Gordon, is gazetted as deputy electoral registrar for. the Gordon division of. the electoral district of Grant, and for the. Buoiuyongshire division of .the South*western Province vice J. Robertson resigned. • The appointment is gazetted of Mr D. G Stobie as warden's clerk at Trentbam. Anew : cab stand is to be formed in Sturt street, Ballarat West, opposite the Southern Cross hotel. A labourer named Joseph Hoskins, 60 years of age, died suddenly yesterday morning at Jonas* -Railway Diningrooms, Lydiard street. A fellow lodger left deceased in bed while he went foi a walk to Lake Wenduuree, and upon his return he found Hoskins dead. Informa tion was conveyed to the police, who will make arrangements • for ; a magisterial enquiry. A post mortem is not deemed necessary, as deceased had . been suffering ■ acutely from asthma. He was formerly in the employ of Mr Clarke, farmer, CoghiU’a Creek. . * The tea and meeting in connection with the Lydiard street Wesleyan' Church anniversary will take place this evening; tea in the Dana street Schoolroom, and public meeting in the church; Me" Junea Campbell will preside. Revs, W. P. Wells, Cope, Edgar, M‘Cana, and other gentlemen, will take part. The church choir will give selections during the evening; Mr Eyres will preside at the organ. Great I preparations are being made for a large gather* ing at the tea meeting. There was a rather poor attendance of pleasure-seekers at the lake and gardens jester* day, probably on account of the disagreeably cold and windy weather. The lake being now at its deepest, presents a splendid appearance. Several of the yachts went out fora “spin,” and proved themselves to be in good trim for the approaching season. ' After a short but painful illness, Mrs Susan Sears, the well-kuown matron;of the Ballarat Gaol, has gone to her last home/ ‘ The remains of the deceased were interred yesterday in the NewCemetery. .Mr Wellington conducted the mortuary ~ - - There is some talk of having two station masters attached to the Western, railway station, and the business is of sufficient Im portance to warrant this step being taken. The stationmastnr, as matters now stand, has to dodufcy from 6 aim.until after? p.m.,whichi3 a state.of things that Mr Bent, in bis anxiety to bring operation the eight hours*: system where possible, should not tolerate any longer. After 7 o’clock the station is in charge of the chief goods clerk until the arrival of the late trains, and that gentleman has his own work to attend to during the day. Mr Westwood, city and town ranger, had a valuable sheep dog poisoned last week by some malicious person; Tho energetic performance of his duties, apparently, has caused Mr Weitwood to become the object of special aversion to some people. . The. recent act to amend the Reform Act entitles .j niit owners, joint lessees, nod joint assignees who are not on the ratepayers* roll, to obtain electors* rights' from .the registrars for the division* of tbs provinces iii which their interest is situated, and special rolls f will be prepared to enable those availing themselves of the privilege to vote at the first Council elections in November; MrMiram’s friends will be pleased to learn that he is recovering from his recent attack of erysipelas, and it is expected that he will be sufficiently well to attend .the meeting of the Tariff Commission on Tuesday next. The impetuosity of some individuals fre quently brings them into trouble, and this is apparently a fault in the nature of the young man Charles Hemphill (says Saturday’s Gee long Times) who was brought up at the police court yesterday charged with stealing a horse, the property of Garrett Brennan, a farmer re siding at Port Arlington. The horse was the properly of his brother, but was sold by mis take and without instructions to a horse dealer named Ras. who re-sold the animal to Brennan, for £3. The original owner dis covering that the animal had been sold, offered a sumof £14 to Brennan to let him have the animal again, but the farmer although he only paid £3 for the beast when it was in good condition, demanded £lO before he would part with it. This evidently incensed young Hemphill, who was acting as agent for his brother, and he determined to take away the steed by force. He did so, and has suffered the ignominy of being locked up, brought before the court, and sent to gaol for his unpremeditated act. The young fellow is ; well connected in Melbourne and New South Wales, and bears all the appearance of b thorough gentleman. The Camperdown Chronicle writes very strongly in favour of a line from Camperdown to Ballarat, instead of from Colac. We pre sume that the Colac people will have some* thing to say on the subject by way of reply. The Bacchun Marsh and Myrniong cheese factories will (says the Expresi) resume active work at ooco, and directors are determined to offer every inducement to farmers to sup port them cordially and constantly all the year round by giving as high a price for milk as the market value for the time being of cheese and butter will permit, . The Bacchus Marsh railway problem is skill unsolved. The latest idea of the Railway De partment is (»ays the Express) to bring the direct line in to Maddiogley fiat and take it out again up Kennedy’s gully to join the present direct lino survey immediately north 1 of the Parwao Creek at Collie’s bridge. Tho exhumation of the body of Heenan, which was interred in Ararat Cemetery, w ill take place next week under the direction of th» Superintendent of Police, Mr Chambers. The Government have resolved that the Government-Analyst, Mr Johnson, shall-bo present-on the oceanion and narrowly watch the detail*. The objeeb of this Is that he may observe If any portions of the body, and especially the viscera,-are in an abnormal con dition of preservation, as If so an indication of the character of the poi*on which it Is sup posed was administered to Heenan might he obtained. He will also take notice of the character of tho soils surrounding tho corpse, sample* of which will be brought to Melbourne f»r analyst*, in order that it inay be clearly j shown that anr poisonous matter, if dis- i covered in the body, was not conveyed to it by infiltration. It appears that the Government have not yet heard the last of the actions for damages arising out.of the Windsor accident .of the 18th March.- Mr Graham Mitchell, tho well known veterinary surgeon, who was among the passengers,'has instructed his solicitors to proceed, claiming £lOOO damages. Another' action has-been commenced by Mr John M’Qregor, grocer,; of . Brighton, who claims damages to the amount of £5OOO. Mr Frank Madden,'solicitor, has charge of . both cases, which will be brought ion at the nest civil sittings of the Supreme Court. . A meeting representative of the various denominations of the colony, was held on Friday afternoon, in the Assembly Hall, Mel bourne, under the presidency of the Biahbp of Melbourne, .to ..consider' the.:question of the introduction-of the Bible into State schools. After a lengthy discussion, resolutions forming a league for the consummation of-, the meet ing’s desire, and providing: machinery for the carrying out of the object in question, were passed, after which the meeting closed.. . The ahnlremry anil paMic meeting of the Wesley Choxc >» 'Lydiard l .’ street, takes place to night ... ‘A meeting of Ihe Benevolent .Arylnm ball com mit ee: will be held at 3.temaa'.n Exchange hotel, Sebastopol, at 8 o’clock tMs cventa?. A grard baxtar and promenade concert will be held in the Temperance Hall, Baninyoog, to-morrow, in aid of the Bainynng Cricket programme has been prepaid for th, 0 i" S e ra A ent= o . r s “& A ~‘ « Ioh«b of tha p'ong/hota ll^ jiaW V' 4 ® ,or » "Sr*tßsai: Mr Robert Jnclis. aactioneer. 64 (vn; Melbourne. adyortisea that he will slr »t Tuesday 3rd October. a weekly a',^. amaet «» mining and other abate..: 20 tWlto's sb? ? c ,on °f the rooms of Messrs w Taylor ami .-I et **«. ia Mr Henry Vernon, Htenville, h«a be-n secretary « f the Har.lie’s Hill & c A “;f'PP«'nted Pastoral Soc-ity. and all corre.Do’nrtaa mhnril future bo addressed to him P oD dente seen and ta „a *; tti™ «■ •* &£**■<■» own lex, or 'lenders are invited by the Ballarat , and Pastoral eocioty fur the rignt 0 f v?. " ° nl luncheon booth, and fruit a.d p.‘ try r “* ,] » lively at the ensuing show. A h,„,f * 3 ' yc-. ia also wanted to play on the Friday afl„ "'“ s ' d M de« tnust be lodged before 0 .-«Jk p.£s 