GENERAL NEWS. Boxes, have been engaged at the Britannia Hotel by Mr. S< Isaacs for the Adelaide Cup favorite, Rainbow and a stable companion, also for Cremorne, but not for The Ghost who will not be over on this occasion. We are informed that Messrs; Goodson and Chanders, who have been prospecting in the Edhunga district for some time past, have mdde a most valuable discovery. It is stated that they have, at the depth of 30 feet, struck a reef 4 feet thick, and very rich, it being estimated that the stone bears 30 ozs. of gold to the toil. This reef is about a mile and a half from the present Echunga mine, and is pro nounced by experts to be about the best ever found in the colony. The members of the A.Y.M.S. Cricket ClUb met on Thursday evening, April 20, to bid farewell to Mr. A. Sladden, one of the vice-presidents, who is about leaving Ade laide for the North, and at the same , time to present him with an address and diamond locket as a mark of their respect and esteem, Mf. W. B. Skinner occupied the chair, and Mr. J. Dew made the presentation. The guest's health having been proposed and responded to, other toasts followed, and the evening's proceedings were enlivened with songs and recitations by members of the club. Saturday, April 22, being the last day of term their Honors Mr. Justice Boucaut and Mr. Justice Andrews sat in Banco. Mr. Mr. Edwin Blaekler Colton, who had passed the ordinary examination, was admitted as a practitioner of the Supreme Court. On the motion of Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., the con ditional rule for the admission of Mr. W. Symon was made absolute. In the matter of the application of Archibald McDiarmid to be admitted as a practitioner of the court, leave was given on the ground of exceptional circumstances to apply at next term as if notice had been given. Joseph Tite, the insolvent debtor, who was sentenced to eight months' imprisonment on Friday, April 14, and who was lost sight of thfe same night, was arrested on Friday even ing, at about 6 o'clock,. oh, board the yacht Rip, which was lying off Glenelg. He was brought, to Adelaide. Two men named Charles Best and Edward JOnes have been arrested by the police for swindling; Jones was brought before the eoUrt on Thursday on a charge, of hot being able to give a good account of himself, but was discharged. The two men, we under stand, are members of a card-sharping gang who came over from Melbourne. On one occasion,. We are informed, Jones got into the company of a laboring man, Whom lie drained of all his money; His trifck oh this occasion was a very ingenious one. When he found he had drained the ihah of all his fnonfey, he got him to fill up a fcheque for the athohht the" man still owed him, simply as a guarantee for the money, and when he had obtained the man's signature to the cheque he told him that if he informed on him he would accuse hitn of utterihg a false cheque. The police have been on the look-out for these men for some time, but were unable to lay hands on them; Jonfes was at the Onkaparinga races, but Was n6t engaged in swindling although Watching the movements of the police while others of the gang carried on their game. The detectives attne races.Watched their proceedings and got two policemen, who were in plain clothes, and whom the swindlers did not know, to arrest them. Jones, when he saw his brother sharpers arrested, offered the policemen £lto give liiiii the cards back. When Best and Jones were arrested several cheques were fo\ind:on them,-including one which Jones had got the laboring man to sign. The authorities have secured one of the meii who was swindled as a witness, and they hope to be able to convict the men. The first ordinary general meeting of the shareholders in the Mount Wells Northern Territory Tin MiningCompany (Limited) took place on Friday, April 21, at the Exchange, Pirie-street. There was only a small attend ance. Sir Wm. Milne presided. The meet ing was an adjourned one from that advertised - to take place on April 6. The directors' balance-sheet, which showed a credit balance of £39514s. 9d., was adopted. Mr. Stoddart was appointed auditor, and his remuneration for the past audit was fixed at £2 2s. The directors remuneration was fixed at £5 5s. per meeting. No other business was trans acted. • The Mount Barker paper chronicles the death of Mr. F. Stone, J.P., which occurred at his residence, Parkindula, on Thursday morning, April 20. The deceased, who was a partner in the late firm of Cornelius and Stone, was well known in this district, and bore the reputation of being one of the best auctioneers in the colony. Some six years ago Mr. Stone was affected with a paralytic stroke, and has been more or less confined to his house ever since. About six weeks ago he became so much worse that he had to take to his bed, and after a long and painful ill . nets he died.oa Thursday morning as above stated. On Thursday evening, April 20, the fribnds of Mr. William Jamieson assembled at the Black Forest Inn, Bay-road, to bid him farewell on his retirement from the post office and store, so long held by him at Plympton. Mr. Peter Cook occupied the chair, and a number of the principal resi dents of the district sat down to an excellent repast provided by the hostess, Mrs. Trerora. An address signed by the leading residents of the district was presented to the guest, ex pressing regret at his leaving, and a wish for his future welfare. The toast of the evening, " Our guest," was proposed in felicitous terms and gracefully responded to; and after an enjoyable evening the party broke up by singing " Auld Lang Syne." A special call of the Norwood Corporation was made by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. T. Caterer, J.P.) on Friday evening, April 21, to consider a letter from Mr. J. H. Hollingworth. Mr. Hollingworth it will be remembered was the designer of the plans for the new town hall, under the nom de pluine of Tempus, and which were to receive the first prize of £75 provided the work could be carried out for £6,000. The letter was as follows " I have submitted the designs which I prepared for the new town hall to two of the leading builders in Adelaide, and their estimates are so much in excess of the £6j000 that in order to save you the trouble of calling for tenders I beg permission to withdraw from the competition. The lowest price I obtained was upwards of £7,000." After some discussion on the matter it was decided to reconsider the designs at the next " meeting of the council. On Friday afternoon, April 21, the city coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an in quest at the Mitcham Hotel oil the body of James O'Brien, a quarryriian, in the employ of Mr. John Prince, who was found dead in his bed by his wife about 6 o'clock that morning. It appeared that the wife en deavored to call her husband as usual, but being unable to rouse him concluded he was sleeping soundly, and left him to prepare his breakfast. On returning to the room a few minutes afterwards, she again endeavored to rouse him, and, feeling his forehead very cold, she became alarmed, andcallcdsomeother members of the family, when it was found that he was dead. Dr. O'Coiinell was called, but on his arrival .pronounced life extinct. It was elicited in evidence that deceased, who was 33 years old; was a very hard-working man, and the doctor had no hesitation in say ing that the cause of death was fatal syncope, accelerated by the arduous nature of his work. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. The deceased leaves a wife and five children; and the jury - showed their sympathy with the family, who are in destitute circumstances, by returning £115s. of . their fees for the benefit of the beteaved; An accident occurred at Port Adelaide on Friday, April 21, to a carter named James Jaimes, in the employ, of Mr. John Stuart Sanders. James was driving a spring-dray around the corner of the Port Custom-House into the Commercial- road, when one of the wheels of the vehicle slid along the line of railway, and caused the dray to become so erratic in its movements as to precipitate the driver on to the street. The mail was picked up and taken to the Commercial Hotel, wfieire it was ascertained that although he had received a good shaking be had ndt sus tained such injuries as would incapaci tate him from working for any length of time. Some three or four years agb the Port Adelaide Licensed Carters Association drew the attention of the Govern ment to the danger that attended draymen thtough the lines of rails in several places being above the level of the streets, and' the • matter was then seen to. Since then the roadway has been much worn in-some of the thoroughfares, causing the rails to project considerably above the roadway, and in the interests of the drayiheh it is to" be hoped that the thoroughfare will be improved in this respect. > On Friday evening, April 21, Mr. Horatio Yeates gave the second of a series of popular . lectures at the Chamber of Manufactures; Waymouth-street, on "Electricity." "The Hon; P. D. Boss (Speaker of the House of Assembly) presided. There was a large at tendance, consisting principally of young men, who filled the hall sometime before \- the lecture commenced. The Bubject treated of was the "Effects of current eleotricity, 1 attraction, repulsion, heating, chemical, and. lumihoiis. In treating of generative elec tricity, Mr. Yeates said that the reason why beer when drunk out of a pewter pot was more brisk in flavor than when drunk out' of a-glass was that a feeble electric cuirent was generated by the contact of the saliva and the beer on different sides of the peWter. In cutting meat, too, a similar current was caused by the contact of the metal of the knife and fork—the metal of each being different from Jhe other—with the meat. The lecturer illustrated the force of electric attraction and repulsion by intro ducing the experiments of Ampere and other scientists. Great interest was taken inthe explanation of the different methods by which the use of heating had been adopted by the medical profession, especially in cohnection with the incandescent wire used in galvanic cautery. The chemicaleffects of electricity were explained by experiments showing the' decomposition of water and metallic salts in solution. The lecturer con cluded by giving a lucid explanation of the way in which coasts were defended by tor pedoes fired by the electric spark, entering fully into the somewhat complicated details of torpedo warfare. The lecture was of a highly interesting as well as instinctive nature and was listened to with the greatest attention by the large audience who frequently applauded Mr. Yeates, as one experiment after -another was successfully gone through, and theories were proved by practical demonstration. At its close a most cordial vote of thanksato Mr. Yeates for his lecture and to the chairman for presiding concluded the proceedings. the quarterly.meeting of the' Contractors'" and Builders' Association is to be held at Messrs. Conigrave and Colliaon's office, Way mouth-street, this evening, A complimentary benefit is to be given to Mr. "George Atkins, the actor, by the Aiis tralian Minstrels, at the Academy of Music to-night. Mr. Sawkins's last lecture but two in con nection with the Adelaide Freethought Society will he delivered in the Albert Hall to-morrorf evening, the subject notified being " Jesus and Judas." There was a good attendance at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening to witness the pan tomime of "Sinbad the Sailor." The per formance ran smoothly throughout; and several of the songs were loudly applauded. The pantomiiiie will be repeated this evening; The. match which was to have been com menced" on the Ovai this afternoon between the Kent and South Adelaide and North Adelaide Clubs .will not take place, as the former club, being unable to place a team in the field, have forfeited the game ttJ the North Adelaide Club. On. Wednesday next Professor Rice, tlie mind-leader, who has recently astonished the inhabitants of Port? Adelaide by the display of that rare gift which he possesses of reading \- the mind, will appear at Garner's Theatre in conjunction, with the Hyperion Surprise Party. AlitcrtLry entertainment and conversazione in connection- with the: Caledonian Society took place on Friday evening, April 21, in the society's hall, in Bundle-street. There was a crowded attendance of members and their frifends. The principal feature of the evening wafc the lecture on "Norman MoLeod-," by the Rev. J. F. Hocter;M;A.j Which was given in the lecturer's usual pleasing and enter taining style, and which, as on previous oc casions, was heartily appreciate*! by all the listeners. - The rev. gentleman exhibited a feW sketches by the celebrated author, and upbn bringing his excellent address to a close was lohdly applauded. Mr. A. McDonald, the honorary piper, played-some choice selec tiobs on the bagpipes, and several other gentlemen contributed towards the plea sure of the evening. The entertainment was a great success, and was much enjoyed by the visitors, 