BROADBRIM'S NEIV YORK LETTERS. No one whose memory gges oack thirty or forty years can fail to mark the difference in the celebration of Independence Day, Forty years ago there was not a country village from it lit; Green Mountains to the Ohio but was all ablaze by daylight. It was not a day for big folks only; it was thopueday in the year when the small boy had a oh^tiCya, and he did not let it go by if he knew it. There were only two holidays in tlie year. Thanksgiving and Fourih of July. Foteigri ers were scarce, and wo knew nothing ab^ut the he&the.i;) holidays of New Year ami Christ mas. I)- coration day was not yet invented; . but there \v#s hardly a town between the Penobscot and the Mississippi bin- c->ut>I muster a w»epior on th« Fourth of July that Uai'l f"ughtin the ftepolut^n. "\Vliatan army of thou"* heroes there was, and ho\v ihey did last! It is alm^8t 11 hundred years Bincp peace was linally c.aici*^^e(lj ^,u' I helievetliete argsijil quite a number j/ Revolutionary heroes oi; the: pay rolls of the ^'^Fnnn nt who fought bled and died for their con".*lt)y1776. Ban croft says tli»t they ate iiiiuiori."'" M'd I tllink that'he must be right. seems as t'lough every year it grew dull and apiritli'sx. If it wore not i hat I re : member twenty years ago we were engaged' in a pretty lively skirmish, I should be^in 10 think that patriotism was dying out. Pet haps there is enough left for seed, time will tell. The battle between capital and labor is the toughest, problem with which we ha.ve to grapple. in New York at the present time. Like Banquo's ghost, the dnrned thing won't ga <1 own. On the one side is a hnndied millions of dollars, and on the other the muscles, without the aid of'which the dollars are worthless as chaff. We had plenty of strike?', before, but nothing like the present. Toe organisation is perfect, and so far the contri butions from without have.pteve'uted any absolute suffering among the strikers, [t is true they don't have Spring chickens and ice cream; it is very possible that their porter house steaks may come from behind the horns; but they all get something to eat, and to their credit be it recorded that very few of them take too much to drink. There has been no violence of any consequence, no dis turbance, and thin of itself is a matter of pro found congratulation, for these strikers rep resent a power which, if it once broke loose,, would make Win. H. Vauderbilt and Jay; Gould tremble in their boots. It is well.they are fed and housed. 1 hope the strike may end before hunger reaches them. It is uot to he supposed that they would see their wives and children starving while two men wfco n0ver did an hottest stroke of work revel in ,a hundred millions of dollars. So ive anxiously .wait for the end. I • In speaking abou.t the Fourth of July, I am happy to b£.ite tli&t;, although un commonly dull, we were not altogether bereft of rational and moral amusements. An Irishman named Sullivan has breu marching abo-it the country for the pa*t six months, beggitg somebody to tread on the tail of his coat. ,S uiie mouths ago he sent one Paddy Ryan to grass, away down south, and from that day to the present he has been aching to knock somebody down So strong was the desire on him to dish'cato somebody's jaw, or br> ak somei ody's neck, that lie absolutely offend any adventurous alugger, who wished to become a subject for a coroner's inquest, §500 if he would only furnish him with about 12 uiiuetes' amusements. We l.ave a number of enterprising candidates for State's prison, who would have esteemed in an honor to bo knocked out by the champion,-but the chance# seemed even that, being knocked out, they might nor be ai-le to y»-.t back ; and -they were- nojfc so fortunate as Guiteati in bring spiritually p'-vpartg for their exit.! Still/* §500 ia a good deai '.f moi.f.y; jt is as much as many an hoi>. st man earns in ,"], yeafj The prize was tempting,but tho upplicst'ojie few. Or.e Tug Wilsons was imported all the way from England, and ho signified his .intention of giving us a Fourth of Jill}' treat. While not ambitious of b^iug ktu eked out, lie declared to his friends that ho was gi ing to pocket Sullivan's §500; but oil the Fourth of July lie did not come to time. Five thou sand people steamed out to Washington Park, many of them expecting to sue a man killed, or a least a half dozen ribs -broken:' Though Timmany was in session at the'time and John Kelly was enlightening his follow ers how Patrick Henry signed the Declaration of independence, oiie half of the Board of, Aldermen managed to steal away , for it is not .every day th-it a inan oan seon genuine prize tialuifor fifty cents., One hundred policeman under cominaud of Captain Gunner, were or dered by i he Police Superintend out to sue that no one interfered with the %hteis.- It was a precious crew: to look iu, and an exceedingly unhealthy place for a iiliiri'with a gold watch in his pocket. Pickpockets; btirglins, confi dence men,';ihd"pro3titutes wi re prbiniscotisly mingled' together. ; We have hud many queer iexhibitions; in New York,.but nothing of late years'to equal t he exhibition at Washington Park onitlie'Fotirtli. Each policeman costs us four dollars'a day; ami they were one -linn dr. d,of tliem .'n duty at the tight'; and I am delighted to add theyWire not. the lea.-1 m tereatud por tion of the spectator.-", thouali tor them; tjip^exlitbitiou was a fre« blow. Cnpt. Gunner, to his credit i>u it said, got a go d position near the ropes, where nothing could interfere with ..his view, and beseemed to enjoy it most ilieartly when Elliot, the only pugilist of note who appeared, was curried to his corner covered with blood, apparently in a dying condition.After this1 nohle 'tea', sevi ral people iti' the1 crowd talked of nominating Siillivan 'for Mayor of New York ; his'.hiajorit.yj lip .doubt, would be tremendous, and he might' lie a danger ons candidate for the Presidency: in 18S4. There,.is a-chance for tlie,falling fortunes of Tammany !,. John, L. i Suljivan, the Slog^er, for President in.1884.- 1 , Wall-street has been dull. .The brokers' wives have all gone out of town, and for the next few weeks we are not looking for any thing startling. It seems as if more people have' goii'e away , from New York' and Brooklyn .that 1 ever knew to leave before. It has got to bb ft. kind' of mania. People soem to think it disgraceful uiat they have to stay at home. .. The weather has been, a heavy blow to most of the wateting places in the vicinity .of New,York; an overcoat would not have felt uucomfoitable on the Fourth of July, and on the nights of the. Fourth and fifth the majority of people went for an ex tra blanket. -Whether it is the sun spots or"the' icebergs, 1 can't tell; but the past few diivs have been the'iriobt unseasonable that I,have teen for many a year,.' Brother Bt'echei- takes flight for h'is refuge.in the.White mountains, where he seeks aaifety from thti annoyances of Ply mouth Church and the catarrh. r Dr. Talmage seeks inspiration along the const of Maine, and,other lesser lights are scattered far and wide. To hold'the fort in their absence, I see the Salvation Harmy 'ave come' to the front; Captain Maria 'Obson, ■ Major Susan Hiilldridge, Ooionel Mary 'All, and several hothers. ' Mis* Colptiel Mary 'All declared thitrslie could 'Old the Fort halotie,' lnf hal. 'the hothers I ft. I'ope mo. It is a satisfaction to know; tliat in.the habsence of the tegular siieplmrds, we are| not, to be left entiiely destitute of spiritual consolation, but till the hautuiun leaves- har. falling we shall be guarded by the 'oats--hof the Salvation Hariny.' ; Since the steamship companies have' con-; eluded to pity the fi.:'ty rents a head on theim-; migrants,things liaye been running smoother at Ciistie Garden, It Was lopkipg rather squally there abi'Ut't'w.i weeks asio. , There .was no niwiiey, and it looked as if the b ttom . "wa's about to drop out of the Immigration Com-, mission:.. .For the.present, they ate safe, and: though the Pre>ident, lias vet>,ed the bill that was hurried through both lions-s of Congress; a-week ago, tliey are still in hopes to pass, aii'-ther, which will do no injustice to the steam- j ship compaiiit-B, and < ill meet the P esiden 'sj sanction. "Our itree'tk'are full1 of aU »• Fi* of J foreigners, presenting some of the queerest! rigs that mortal eyes ever looked upon. It j is with great difficulty that those who have! brought guns .are persuaded to leave thdni in i Castle Garden. Tho chanoe of iieinu attacked j by Indians as they wander lip Broadway is: more than they, can stand, and besides thev' might go:t a butl'alo among the shrubbery on the Battery. Trusting that you..have had a pleasant; Fourth. 1 am. Yours truly, UROADBRIM. 