A CHRISTMAS PEAL. You remember the story of the widow, told by Rabelais. The original version is in a Latin sermon on widowhood by Jean Kaolin, a monk of Gluny, of the fifteenth century. Mr Kelly repeats it. in his " Proverbs of all Nations." A widow consulted her parish priest about marry ing again. She stood in need of a help mate, she said ; her journeyman under stood the trade of her late husband well ; and she had taken a fancy to him. " Very well," said the priest, " you had better marry him." " And yet," rejoined the widow, " l am afraid to do it ; for who knows but I may find my servant be come my master 1" " Well, thon," said the priest, "don'thave him." " But what shall I do V' said the widow ; " the business left me by my,poor dear de parted husband is more than I: can ma nage by myself." Marry him, thon;" said the priest. " All, but supposo lie turns out a scamp," said the widow ; " he may got hold of my . property and run through it all." " Don't havo him," said the priest. Thus the dialogue went on, the priest always agreeing in the last opinion expressed by the widow, until at length, seeing that her mind was actually made up to marry, tho-journeyman, lie told lior to consult tho church bolls, and tlicy would 'advise her best what to do. The bolls were rung accordingly, and tho widow heard tliem say most distinctly, "Do take your man, do take your mau." So she went home and married him at once. ■ In a short tirno the-fellow showed her that he really had become her master with a vengeance, qualifying himself for the whipping which all husbands who beat tlicir wives deserve. Madame wont back to the'priest full of rage and bitter ness, cursing the hour when she had been credulous enough to listen to his advice.! ". Good woman," said • the priest, " I am afraid you did not rightly understand the bolls."' Accordingly lie had them rung again, and the poor woman hoard clearly, but too late, these warning words : " Do hot tako him, do not .take him." • ! From' " yon ivy-mantled- tower!' how •joyously tliey ring,, " tho • merry merry bells of Yule !" How merrily, how pern sively, how plaintively, how .gaily, how 'dolorously, how. mirthfully, how joyously! how! sad how . moaning, how complain ing,how. weird, how J glad 1 Rippling out :into ;tho . starlight with a melancholy wail j-uow tripping ' over the • frozen lake with a pleasant-gleeful clatter, now rid ing! onilie.cliillbosom of the.wind ; anon nestling in the . nooks arid corners of the .old Ball-hard by/ and making : glad the hearts of all those young' peoplo,. whose 'shadows you seo flitting hither and thithei 1 'ori'the blinds. Who shall .. interpret'the music of Christmas bolls to these actors in life's great play 1 Hundreds of changes may be rung even upon a small peal of bells ; but thought and fancy, and memory accom panying them, ring thousands of changes that are not to bo set down in the " triple bobs " and " bob majors " of which the ringers - boast. What tender feelings Mooro has awakened in the hearts of mil lions by his poetic accompaniment to " those evening bells," and his allusion to the " other bards" that should sing their praises in the future ! But a few years ago Willis, in bis " Pencillings by the Way," was gossiping to American and English people about the bard, how he looked, and what he said and did : ■ . ■ , " Those pleasant hours havo pass'd away, And many a heart that then was Ray Within the tomb now darkly dwells, _ And hears no more those evoniug bells. Cowper's bells " in cadence sweet" open in" the gates of memory ; Scott's mid night bell, eclioiug amidst Northumbrian rocks ; Poe's clanging, jangling, golden, silvern, brazen bells ; Tennyson's Christ mas bells answering each other in the mist ; and Dickens' chimes _ with their clear, lond, lusty- sonnding voices what glorious changes these havo added to in dividual translations of the language from the steeple 1 Who has not travelled with the tintinnabulary. variations to Gray s churchyard, imaged many a moss-grown vi!la"c into that which Mooro had in his mind, and listened to Cowper's gentle melodies ? Who has not stood on Che viot Pell and seen the stag spread his broad nostril to the wind, or listened to Lamb discourse of " the music nighost bordering upon heaven 1" Where is the man witii soul so dead wuo has not thrilled with strange delight and fear at the clang and clash and roar of' Poos loud alariun-bells startling the oar of ni»ht and appealing to tho mercy of the fire ! Who has not listened with poor | Toby Veck to the chimes that clashed in upon bis slumbers ? And who lias not said aloud " Amen" to tlio soul- stirring rolling pealing lines : " Ring in the valiant man and free, The larger heart, the kindlier hand : King out the darkness of the land, Ring inthe Christ that is to be ?" How much better wo are for these words and thoughts which have been put to tho bell music ! It is easy to be good i on £5000 a year, as Becky Sharpc re marked ; but it would be much harder than ever to be good on compacatii e!j nothing ivitbout those aids to an inler pretation of the languago of the bells which have been given ns by men whoso thoughts breathe, whose words burn. Dickens has thrown a halo about tho social character of Christmas, which lias brightened thousands of homes in all the corners of the earth, and in many a dis tant nook thoughts of Tiny Tim will makothc Christmas bells preach tender sermons of forbearance andlovcanclgentle humility. People who spend Christmas in lighthouses, on islands out on the sea, in ship on the big waters —fancy tc XJio Carol " and The Chimes " in their hands for the first time—Englishmen and women mak in" a first acquaintance with Toby Neck aiul liia daughter, with Scrooge and Bob Cratchett and Tiny Tim ! Tho most delicious tears that ever wcro shed have fallen upon the pages in which Tiny Tim has moved aboiit with bis tiny crutch, or sat very close to his fathers sido, upon his littlo stool. . , ,, O'er all tho land the bells ring out the glorious Christian message. Though the strains may conic to us blurred and blotted with sad memories and associa tions, tho bells have a mirthful, joyons sound which is cheerful and hopeful. It is mostly our own fault if wo misinter pret their language. Let ns not rely upon our vanity or our selfishness to prompt tho words ; but try to let our better nature, our kindly Christmas-tide feelings, influence tlieir melody. The widow in tho story would not bo in fluenced by her judgment or experience ; she was determined to marry her journey man, whatever the bells might say. It is unhandsome to blame the bells when we havo made them say what we wish. " Turn again, Whit ting ton, thrico LohI Mayor of London !" was the prophetic prompting of a spirited and enterprising nature, bent on deserving famo and win nin" it too. Shadows will stop between omAiest resolutions, and ghosts flit across our path to tempt us aside into melan choly ; hut if we are resolved that the Christmas bells shall ring merrily and joyously, so they will. There is a quiet, sober joy which none but those who have suffered feel. It is the sweetest of all sensations. Ho who has nover been sick does not understand half the zest and de limit of full and rosy health. Commend wo to you the calm and'settled happiness of him who knoweth how to " suffer and be strong." May the bells have happy messages for us all this year. " And so, as Tiny Tim observed, God bless us every one'.'" 