On the Warpath. BY HAWKEYE. The ' dogs of war ' are let loose. Already over hill and dale rings the merry music of the ' spotted beauties;' and as every day will swell the packs, a pretty concert we 6hall have when they are all in full swing and cry. So far there does not seem to be much public enthusiasm in the hunt, but that will doubtless follow when eome of the older hounds have given mouth and the pace grows hotter, The start was too sudden for a good many ' hon. hounds to have all their wits about them all at once, and we can quite imagine as to some of them that it must be a puzzler, indeed, quite to know where the dickens to make for or what to cry. The cry, however, was sounded for them on Wednesday by the astute old hero of many Buch ' runs,' who clearly intends to make the pace as hot as he knows how, and, as they say in sport ing lingo, ' the old dog can travel when he likes.' ' Free Eelection before survey all the country over ' is Sir John Robertson's note of battle, sounded bravely enough yesterday, at the bridge banquet ; and, with that fierce old warcry once more ringing through the land, the hon. gentleman evidently thinks the fight as good as won already. ' They would win this battle; as sure as he stood there.' Well, there is nothing like' looking plucky, even if you don't quite feel it ; and no one doubts that Sir John, at least, is as brave and con* fident as he talks, But it is noticeable that his chief, or (in this business perhaps better) colleague, or perhaps not much of either, was much more cautious, and, very much to the bolder knight's disgust, said nothing of the ' crisis,' or the coming conflict, except to exhibit his strong Government's 'credentials to the satisfaction of the country,' and not one word about the land. However, there is the warcry, sounded loud and bold enough on the old trumpet, that will doubt less blow it as lustily to the bitter end, though its last blast should be as the ' ? blast of that dread hiru, On Fontarabian echoes borne,' that sounded the knell of the brave Roland. With characteristic smartness, the first in the field is Mr. Garrett. Hie address to the electors of Camden appeared on Wednesday, brief and terse, stating in fewest words the issue before the country, and the new land policy of his own devising, upon which he relies to place the country and himself on the high road to fortune. There is a good ring about his sentences, as when, with a candour that must have made his old friend and leader wince, he denounces the present law as having resulted in ' widespread disappointment, ruinous litigation, and bitter class antagonism,' and adds that he has no doubt, if his own remedy for the trouble is tried, the cure in one dose will be complete. The Camden electors will probably require but little pressing to re tain the services of a member who, a foremost man in most of his Parliaments (and he comes of Parliamentary age this year), promises to be the foremost man of the next. We cannot hope to be for ever favoured with tho immaculate virtue and wisdom at present ruling the State ; and though Mr. Garrett be what the Premier would call an ' imperfect character,' we hardly know any public man upon whom the mantle of our present great prophet would so well fall as upon him. He has nearly every one of the many qualities that have gone to make that great man so great — versatility, a firm grasp of all things or questions worth taking up, boldness, and elasticity. With lesB alacrity in sinking than the older public men, he has even more in bobbing up again, while in the great art of high-sounding phrases, which more than any other faculty perhaps has placed and held Sir Henry bo long on his present proud pinnacle, we doubt whether even that master of politicalhigh-falutin couldmuchbeat this: — ' The princi pal question to be before you is one of the utmost magni tude and difficulty, to decide which properly in the interests of the country the exercise of the soundest wisdom, the greatest patience, and the purest patriotism is needed from those in whose hands you shall repose this stupendous task.' Of course it is quite true; but, then, the funny thing is that Mr. Garrett should say it. That is a singular address of Mr. M'Elhone's. Of course every one can recognise the hand. _ 'Thank God, there is no hope of escape from responsibility by means of religious cries, and howls and organisations, and ghosts and eilly devilry of that kind.' Any one can tell the author of that pretty paragraph— an arrow shot from the long past, winged with the old light feather, if not quite pointed with the old barb. Reading the well-turned sentences of this graw M phDippic, compared with the usual M'Elhonian term of denunciation, as a feather to a scalping-knife, how can one help exclaiming, ' Ol si ste semper , M'JSlhonius,' and wish his mill mentor would do something more for him than write his letters. Why not hia speeches as well, or instil into his ragged nature come of the suavity, at any rate, of manner which, while glossing over no wrong, sparing no pretence, gave sharper point to many a eareasm and keener^ edge to many a blow. The art of gentlemanly ' pinking,' or cutting a throat with a feather, has pretty well gone out from us, preference being given to the ruder and much easier method of bludgeoning in the dark or stabbing in the back. But it is curious that tbe biggest political ' rough ' we ever had should go for his election address to the best master of fence we ever had, and of his own free device ex change the cudgel for the small sword. There's a pic ture for you, Mr. Punch — the Muswellbroot Mauler taking lessons from Augelo ! Grave, calm, weighty, and deliberate, as becomes the utterance of a trusted leader committing his cause to tbe ' dread arbitrament,' is the address of Mr. Stuart. If Mr. Stuart could speak as well as he can write, his party might well be content with their leader, though even here may be felt that want of warmth which muBt always prevent this beau ideal of the cold and canny Scot becoming a very popu lar champion. Thus, his address, bold and able as it is, is lees a stirring appeal to the heart of the country than a skilful argument for its head — less a rallying cry for his followers than a pitiless indictment of the Government and its land law : but as that it is terrible. RTo more powerful indictment has been set forth against any Government than the charge of a wanton dissolution of Parliament and disruption of the public business, in the hope of bolstering up a policy which the head of the Government at least has himself denounced as pestilent and bad. ' No language of condemnation,'' says Mr. Stuart, ' has been stronger than his (the Premier's) of the measure on which he now bases his appeal to the country, in the hope that you may, 'by supporting it, uphold him and his colleagues, and reverse the judgment of the Assembly.' The country and its best interests, or Sir Henry Parkes and his colleagues, that is the issue of the coming struggle, according to tha Opposition leader, and perhaps he could hardly have put it better. At any rate, if tie Premier has repented him of his now awkward condemnation of the land law; it will trouble even his special pleading powers to traverse the other half of Mr. Stuart's indictment against that old and grievous offender. Mr. Stuart's terrible array of facts and figures against that unhappy measure may be less interesting than Sir John Robertson's endless trumpet variations in its praise, but they will probably travel further and remain in men's memories long after the laet notes of that ancient and played- out tune shall have died away in the far silence of the past. ? 