THBI- -GOSSIP. , Uv Faicoh. ' On Saturday last curiosity comliiuod with duty took ma to tlio pleasant grounds -of CaalGcId, ?whore an afternoon's racing was to bo held of; a ?high nnd raro character, tho particular attrac tion in the Bport being a race mhicli -ivas new to ?tho sportinj; world, nnd nt the same timosur roiindcJ with pleasing fcatnrcs. l'lieio^ras per haps novor beforo a raco in which tho Indies miinifcstod so rc;il awl deep an interest as that which formed tlio cliioE- raco of Uid day, as tho prizes v.-oro rich un.llho obligation waa nothing. Tlie Ladies' Trophy, which will ever form a link in pur sporting rccgllostions, and, what ia.moro 'to tho purpose, n plcjiaing rcmombrance of tho 'V.A.T.C, will bo imUjlibly stamped on tho 'nietnbrica of the ladies of Victoria, who wore 'in fact the firat parties to tlio contract. Many '; important stakes havo bran givon Tand decided in tliis colony, in -which a general iinferest ' was felt ami' siUUinoil; nnd- whero all' tho gratification and bonofit fell to ^tho share ''of tho inalo sox; but nover in my recollection liavorprizc3 of.suoh valao boon set aside for the delectation . of tho fair as thoso which ymccd tho V.A.T.C. programme of tho 1st July. Abracolct, consisting of nino dia monds and'oight sapphires, forme 1 tho first prixo; a handsomo sot of gold banglei had been selected for tho second prize, nnd a' pleasing, memento for ?a third. Tho first full to iho lot of a lady whoso affability and kindness havo rendered her honored and rospectod in her circlo,' whereby tho narration of' tho fact boooraos doubly ajroeablo ; tho second to a young laily, the dauzUtor of ono who in his steadfast lovo for the turf haa.ilono all ho could to support and uphold its integrity ; and tho third to a most cstimablo lady, who3O many friends will novor tiro of offering tlioir con gratulations. Thirty-four horses started, and the 'ono great rogret h that tho wish of each and everyone could not be gratified. There wero prizes for 'three only, and tho others must— I write it with sorrow — live upon the expectation of ' receiving fortune's favors next year. The first race of tho day was tho Selling Flat Hacc, for which eight horses cirao to tho post, Sterling, a two-year-old,, from Ado laido, boing mado first favorito ; ' although Qonzago and Respite trod closely oa his hoels. The raco fell to Qonzago, who won rather easily with Itespito second, and tho favorito ?Sterling third only. The winner is by Lapidist and owned by Mr. H. K. Maillnml, a gentleman well known and respected on the turf in India, whcro'he has owned and run horses for a numbor of years. Mr. Mailland pays occasion.il and fieetiiis vi3it3 to the colony, and the only regret is that wo have not yet succeeded in making him a resident among as. A thorough gentleman and keen sportsman, liia proper place is Victoria. At any rnto ivc can congratulate our visitor on' his success, and say with candor that we sincerely trust he may rotnrn again and win another and a richer stake. Gonzagb never ran a bettor race. Kospito ditl not look quite his best, and tho others ran badly. Oftheinunbei'wasGladTidings, who finished outside of the places, und therefore failed to attract tho samo amount of attention he did later on in tho day, when he secured the diamonds and the sapphires. Tho son of Mes senger no doubt was bcnefiteJ by this gallop. Aft«r tho race Qonzago was submitted to auction anil brought £30, but as his selling price was nil this sum went to swell the funds of the club. The Selling Hurdlo llaco was considerably re duced in size, four horses being tho registered number at tho post. Of these (iossip was mado the favorite. Cracksman, being leas firm on account of a cloud which surrounded, him ; it being broadly nssertod that ho was trained by a person disqualified for evil practices on tho turf. Had the horse won, possihly proof in support of the assertion might havo been forthcoming, but he did , not wiu and the stewards in dofault of. proof were impotent to act. It wasagrand race and only won by a neck. .Neither did tho Victoria Gold Cap bring together a large fiold, although it producoil an excellent race, with Young Decoiver for tho winner; but had not Yoolo fallen at tho last fence it is more than probable he would havo beon returned the winner. A3 it was ho got third, a circumstance entirely due to tho pluck of his rider Jfr. Inglia, who was no soonor down than ho was up again and in tho'saUdle^ tho remount boing effected in au ? .incredibly short spico of time.. Then came on tho Ladies' Trophy, for decision, no' losa than thirty- four, horses saddling up ; Timon surpassing Verdure in tho betting anil starting fust favorite, Larpont, Sir Joseph, .Liberator and Tho Ghost all being in .great domand, while, tho winner lingered at 100 to'4 freely offered. Thoro was some heavy betting on tho la'co, a great many horses being backed— sixteen probably car rying heavy investments. Westbury and Jlor enry, both outsiders, were second and third. Tho only wager wehaardof on tho -winner waa 100 to 3 onco taken, irhilo a lucky man on tho flat was tho solo'invostor in a totulisator, reaping a largo return for his deposit. The raco presented one of the grandest nights imaginable, such a tcini of flying silk being rarely Beon, It is ncodloss to say thoro wore muny disappointmonts in this raco. Elovon horsca came to the post for tlio Open Steeplechaso, which was won by Colling wood, a sou of MorriB Dancer, There wna n good deal of tumbling about in this raoo, and tho top wolght should not have been tho winner. Kengsington Park hold a race meeting on Mon day la* Tho day waa oxtromcly oold, which mado tho nttoudanoe moderate. Surveyor won thollurdlo Race, through Saladin falling. Prattle by Bylong took tho Galloway Handicap ; Bday Beo second. Littlo Noll secured tho froolama tiou Handicap, Elector aocond, Glad Tidings boing amongst tho'ooiiten lot Busy Boo won tha Soiling Race, Loonoro second and Teddy beat Gas in the Pony Handicap. Elector took the Proa Handicap, Qucoti Mary second, and Van Trump beaten off. Thus all tho fuat favorites except ing Littlo Nell got beaten. Ono of tho most important and interesting ovents of tho winter will bo tho Victoria Kacing Club Stecplohoso Moetiii', to take place on Satur day, 22nd July. Tho stako- are princely and tho entry ia n largo ono, and it is already evident th&t; ovory raoo will bring forth a good field and produce a good raco. On Monday last the handi caps mado thoir appearance and woro as usual ca»erlyscanned, and with tho usual result. Some one has said that whon a handicap pleaso3 no ono it is certain to bo a good one, and wo cortaiuly havo confirmation of this when ws soo oateidcrs winning and all tho favorites beaten, a repetition of which may possibly bo in storo for ua at this mooting. The Hurdle H'ico commonces with flandy Amly, 12 st. 5 Ib., followed by Dhurringhilo, 11 st. 10 Ib., finishing with Alma, 0 st. As may bo expected for a raco of this, order, all tho beat horses ara ontcrod, and from tho first blush of tho woights it should bo a tight racp. Tho Grand National Steeplechaso also ombracesall tho best known liqraos, wiih ro,nro3QH tativoa from Sow Zoiland, Queensland and Ada laido, so that the competition will lend an ad ditional charm to tho raco. Hiniiliiya, 12 at. ' 12 Ib., heads the list, Clnrenco coming ? next with 11 st; 9 Ib.; Left Bower is 2 Ib. lower down. Blucktill from O.uceaslaad has 10 at. 9 Ib and olosc to him is tho'Stag,. while Vanguard resta at 9 st: and a very good hantlicap it Rocms to ho. Larperit licads'tho list' in tho Mile Handicap 1'lnt Race, with 9rt. 12 I b'.; Iflismnrck feeing at 'the bottorowith 7st. !'l'licro.ttrdaorno6ist GorBosin this race,; nnd nonolmudh! better in than Bespito ? and Will o' tho Wisp. K«l;Kol is not badly off, and should ho trarolall the way from fi-dnqy it '- is fair to suppose that his owner may ho of aBimj, lur opinion. ? On Saturday last the Adola'ulo Racing Club \\. -. held another mooting on tho beautiful courso in {? the Park Lands. Tho grounds were well patron- ? * ised, and the racing excollent, 'JJhi firet race of | tlio dny was a Hurdlo B.:tco, won by Ritloman, A 9sL 81b., J»ck of Hoarti, 9 at. 3 Hu, being- fa aocond ; Tooal, 9 st. 21b., Hhird.i fl'he Paiksidl g; Flying Handicap, limitod to half a milo, carao sk noxt, and this toll toJuna, 2yra.. Oat. 71b.; §5 Tho Hebrew, 3 yra, 7. st. i Ib., second ; M nnd Cardinal, 2 yrs., 6 st- 7 ' Ib., third. || An open. Handicap Steeplechase, of two milc3 .' (H and a half, \vaa taken by irotspnT, Ust. 10 Ib.; \\-c Turaxacum, 11 st. 7 Hi., second, Tho 'Selling 4; Haco,;of 6 'furlongs, fell to Dprosrious; Ootintrj1. ^ man second, 'and ?Rifleman third ;; and tho, i^ Midwinter Handicap was /won by Sir Thomas *' Klder's Tyropean, . 3 ycara,' 7 st. 0 ll-.; , Royal , if. Irishman, 2. years, Ost. 7 Ib,, Booond ; Wizard, 5 ' r ycara, fist. 61b., third, i , . ?. ? ? ; r| Twofallain tho CnulfiolilStoepIoohiiBewero moro Iv1 serious than woro nt. first oKpcctcd. F; Ilillbroko ' Ilia cbUnr .bono when ridiugFusileor, and Jim ? Griffin had his log broken in a fall from Pioneer. I*, Hill's accident is of littlo cansoaucncc,' and !k Grilfin's accidont is a simple fracture, 'which will t soon mend.' ' . 1 1 Gossip, the winner of1 the Selling 'Hurdle Rac4 ' at Cnulflold, -is 'by Argus Scandal from Trinkot, I and i3 a thorough good animal. She waa entered ? to be sold for 50 eovs. nnd raUiscd ISO.sovs,, H1113 f giving 100 sovs. to tho fundsof the club. Qonzago f was bought in at 90 sovb., all of which will go to *? tho club. ' ' S, Glad Tiding ia by Messenger, and w.ts (raiuect f' by F. Long.: lie was nowllero in the Selling Flat L Rneo on Sathrday last whon rid'lcn by Kilby, who 1 was careless of riding him in the ladies' Trophy, J and so resigne'.l it to Morris in the stablo. llo 41 was moro than astonished to find tliathis despised ^ U mount had been returned the winner. ft Hia Excollenci' tho Governor was unablo (-J *& attend tho V.A.T.C. race* l\st Saturday oa f, account of a snddon illness to tho Marchioness of. Noimandj'. '- Several ofiicors of .tho Japanese ship Tsukub.i V woro present at tho rccont race moating.' . ^ In another column will bo found threo pro' grt grammes put forth by tlio secretary of tho Vic- X toria Araateur Turf Club, Ono is for a Grand ' ffl National Stocplochaso mooting, to bo held on | m Stturday, 19th August ; another ia callinc for m nominations for tho Ko:il Stakes and Oaulfiold K Guineas of 1SS3, and the third is the cntiropro- M frammo for tho Caulfield Cup meeting on the g ?1th of Octobor noxt.* At present we can do no «| morothnn direct attention to them. K There is a suspicion abroad that Mr. Tscri k employs Goodio to train his horses. Should this » fact bo proved at any time, 'Mr, Pyers is liable to f. have his horses disqualified, as Qoodio is under, t' the ban of disqualification of all the leading clnb3 ft in the colony. . ' ? ? , ? t Nominations for the Wyndham Meeting will ? v . close onl7th inst, -w In our viBit to tho Caulfiold courso last week,' -5 wo wore very plooas'l to see thnt thoncw buildings ^ for a luncheon room, ladies' room and othor, h noccssarioa wero being proccoded with. Thoyaro f much rouuired, and will most certainly bo apprc- f ciatcd when completed, which they will be by tba v noxt mnfttinrr. -^ Williams, the light-weight jockey In Sir. Hainos's employ, was disqualified on Saturday lost by tho stowards of tlio Victoria Amateur Turf Club for wilfully disobeying tho orders of the starter, and Mceara, the rider ai Couktoun, was fined £.1 for using bail language at the posU Mr. Maoklin purchosod the stooplccbaso horsa Skipper Irom Mr. Tavlor prior to his ruuning f or the Caulfield steeplechase an 1st July. Wo hoar that Mr. John Mayo, who re cently stated hia intention of retiring from tho turf, has,givon £200 for Faust, How many others may he not possosis ? On Monday, 7th Aognat, nominations for tho Sydney Turf Club Mooting will bo ialccn. Mr. Maitland has loft Coriolanus behind htm in the hands of Mr. J. D. Robinson, and his first race will bo for the Caulfield Cup. GanzagolS' also loft to keep him company. During his stay in Knglaud, Mr. James While, of Now South Walos, has mado ono or two pur chases that will considerably bonofit the colonial turf. His most recent purchase in La Trinccssa, ' by Cathedral, ont of Princess of Wales ; and the ' price paid mis 700 nova. No donbt this high class filly is now on hor way to these colonies. Mr. R. K. Maitland, a gonUeman from India, ? who has been on a vioit to tbis colony, loft on Monday by tho Mnlwa. Ho may,, however, shortly he oxjioctod to raturn. . . ., There was an aocidont list Saturday, in the raso for tho Ladiea' Trophy, whon Adyanco foil, and -broke his .log. ... Mr. Thomas Retly, of Tasmania,. is urging, uport the .clnoa of tho Island tho' uocessity of haviiig a paid _handicapper. Ho calls upon all the club3 , ? ' to join in tho work,, and gives his opinion thnt;a thoroughly competent person can be obtained for n couplo of hundred a your. There is no roasort' why the Tasmahians should not try it, and this is tho timo of tho year to mako the first more, so .'IB to havo all arrangements convpleto before tho: next racing season commonces. 1 Dolo, described in the Doniliquin Kaccs as a. miro, is a horse. Tangle has just gono into .Mr. F, 3?. Dakin's stable. Mr. A. V. Bradshaw's stud of racehorses will 1)9 snbmittod to auction 011 Tuesday next, at Kirk's Bazaar. Tho excellent judgment Mr. Bradslmir has exhibited in his olioico and soloetion -will probably lead to a keen competition for the lots, f The woathorwas fine on Tuesday moraing,27tli . June, says tho Sydney jj/atf,,and tho first to dis.; turh tho dow at Randwick was Mr. Ivory's string; Lord Burghloy, Kal Kal and Jim Tyson wore sent, long slow work on. tho training track, and they wero followed by Vulturo, Siirry and another, ' and tho team are in good , trim for the time. Ashworth was the next to appear, with Invemry and tlie (Joldahrough— Thorn colt ; Lord Loftaa went with them for one round, whon tho Thorn colt fell out, and the other two went a milo and, a quarter at an improved 'pace. Stmthoorn wasi not proacnt, nnd ha ht» beon a ' bit off' lately, but it is thought that ho will soon be all riglit again. Ross'sut woro sent their usual studies ; nnd George Footo sont Vestal, Postcaril, Vanquish, . Ringdove by JWto— Styckdore, Mmorcn by Malta— Maria, tho Goldsbrough— luo -colt, and Aurora by Maribyrnong— Xarifa, easy work with-] a sharp run homo ; and Lord Lisgar did nice work' nnd shaped well. Sardonyx, The Drummer and Vauclnse went twico round, and finished homo smartly. Rylstone did slow work, and promises to turn out wolL Lamond then,sont sent Whcatear. and Sir Oliver, mid they cantcrod a couplo 0! miles and wound up with a fast half-mile. lint nctto (a uoat looking filly, rising throo years old, full sister to tkoSydnoy Cup winnor, Ctinriamular and Fandango woro treated to a oouplo of turns at a raadiumpaco, and tho pair aro likoly to have'ilS deal to say in tho important ovonta of the future. ' Ths Zotlind Loilqo yonngstors also woikod. Cre3- wick went Btoadily alona anil ho. looks nohotho; worso after hi« un3Uccos«ful .Adolaido trift: Tho yoimgators tlmt Riiynor , h.vi -.in. - hand did stoady -worlc,, and . . so did ovorab othora ; bat nothing 'ol impbrtano© ?wasdono. 'Qn'Wpdncsdaya'Uio'*28tf\;.Mr. iwry's.; tcam'was the first .'out, ana 'Surrey iporfonned Bbwly-Dnthn sun J. track. Tlio.Ii'-tlo follow looks,; hearty, anil is evidently wintering woil. JCal' Knl, ;Lord 'Burghley -arid ? Jim 'Ty»ort want -a cotrjrto »)£ 'turns 'on the 'ttmnihg; tiaik ?! wKflo Gamecock was .sent a- fair miloand a-auorlcr. ' Brilliant and Yulturo put in ,a steady onco roiiuil, ,. nml wcro then joined by a big chestnut con. and , auotliorlnrn wasdono, Vulture showing to advan tage. Hoclii, ,w.bq.is very frcsb, cantered -t-wieo lound, and tho youngsters of tlio team werbtreated to nsofnl oxoroiso. Sco-enboo and Dunodin wont a modorato twicoi'rounil, and ran homo fast, ;tho liig colt uliiiping liarlicularly well. Morpcth and Golswyck enntored, and rnltloil homo -protty fast for moro than. a uiilo ; tho former appeared to have tbo most to say, bub.thcro was nothing in it. Bathurst, looking stout mid irel), .(lid .1 quidfc couple of tnrns alone.1 The Drummer and Sar donyx n-ero Bent a good working gallop, twice round, both moving freely, and whioliovor may be tho choice of tho -stable will ?bo'timongs't ? tho'bardcSt to beat 'for 'both tho \lTawke3bnry Handicap, and iho Metropolitan. ICcrolito, JjoIvi- ' doro -and ThoTrior did easy work.'; And Stolla, Camin^lliipert. Tbo'CbiJkiVoy,..tho..Kelpio— Ti:,. tania- colt and tho othore of AIsopp'b string ware sent sorvicoablo work. Minorca, Kingdoyo, Van-. fluisl)( and Vestal, and tho others in charge of I'ooto, wero treated to their usual .lesson. Ores wick did a nice twice round ; and tho '.hahitao'mo., Brunette and Fandango, both of which iniprovod ' on. .acquaintance, cantered. lcft-Iianddd on tlio sand track. Sovornl others wcro out, and somo ? fair work took placo lntor in the day. The'Sydnoy Toicn anil ?Qann'.ni says that the.' error concerning Comet — iate Manilla — for. tlio' Metropolitan Slake.? has been rcctilieJ, ,30, the:, borso remains in tho race. ,. 1 