[?] Electioneering still runs on, and triumph follows triumph to the Opposition camp. The Premier has been defeated, and the Minister for Justice, and the Treasurer, and the Minister for Mines. Stone by stone the fabric of that compact organization, whichsuch a short time ago seemed solid as the pyramids of Egypt, has fallen upon the rock of public judgment and been split to atoms. But is it public judgment? Has the appeal oeen maae to tne intellect or. the people or to a beer barrel? The Government party stand to the beer barrel, and seem to con- I eider they escape all condemnation by that explanation. 'It will be the Parliament of beer,' they say ; ' we wish the people joy of their Parlia- j ment.' If indeed it is so, the general conclusion i inuot be that most of the members of the late Parliament Avere singu larly willing to sell themselves for beer, for this Parliament will be built out of that old Parlia ment, as many a building now in course of erection in Sj'dney will be built of old Exhibition bricks. Some new timber and mortar may be put in, but the old members will form the vast majority. Sad that such should be in this free and enlightened land ; but is it H To what extent are those new members pledged i And to what extent were the old members pledged ? How was Sir Henry Parkes fettered at the time of the last election ? What pres sure was brought to bear on hini when he shut the door on Mr. Proctor's Sunday lecture, while his labourers were raising Pande monium about that racecourse tram r And how was he forced and tied and bound and gxound down, when the clauses of that Licensing Act were jerked through the House ? That Licensing Act! That hasty ill advised illiterate measure I There were paeans sung about it when it was passed, and now its lovers and framers are simply bemoaning the result of their own action. Por if the present elections are, as the Government supporters assert, really swayed by the Trade Defence Association, that asso ciation is just as much the creation of the Licensing Act of 1881 as the institution of dummying is the i-nciilf nt flin T.nnd Aft nf l'ftfil. The critic, however, who lias neither a vote to sell nor a place to win, who has no fortune to lose, no friends to please or foes to appease, and thus can afford to be impartial, does not think the affair is quite so black as painted. It appears to him that the Trade Defence Association simply went where they hoped to get fair play. Under the* present Act they do not get fair play. They are stupidly harassed and clumsily oppressed. They recognised the old Act and its friends as the creatures of their avowed enemies, and they resolved to assist those who said boldly we will endeavour to do justice by you as by the rest of the community. Everybody will be well satisfied if the mem bers keep that promise, the Trades Defence Association included. There has not been much sport about the elections. The hustings at East Sydney showed a little sport, but only a little, and that wrapped up in such a filthy cloak of bad manners it could hardly be appreciated. Tentcrlield has also been jolly. The Tenterficld ers have secured a Premier for a member, and thus they consider their roads and bridges secure. Erin, as usual, is accredited with the only good joke, for on the day of the South Sydney elec tion, a countryman met the O'Sullven, and said, ' I will dhrink with you, O'Sullven, this day.' ' You shall,' said O'Sull ven, ' and you will vote for me like a decent man's son.' ?? I did that same.' ' And where V'1 ' At the booth beyant.'1 ' And how 'r'1 ' Sure it's amial to von what, ivav I did it.' ' But it isn't. Pat, tell me how.' ' O'Sullven, I tookthat paper, and wid my pen in the ink I let every name go by till I came to your own, and through the middle of that same I put a ? big sthroke.'' Why is the Austral inquiry going home? is a question that goes a-begging for an answer, and no one seems to know more than because it is the will or desire of the British Board of Trade. But may it not be asked if the British Board of Trade can order the Austral inquiry home, cannot the same august body order any other inquiry home? If the captain 'of any sailing craft sink his ship and drown his crew right between the harbour gates, cannot his owners get a message sent to him from the Board of Trade, ' Come home and explain ; do not stop there to be judged.' It seems so ; but perhaps it is not so, for all England some how fell in love with the Austral at the time of her launching, and it may be that England thinks Bome Australian sprite has dragged the Austral down. If not, England certainly must think that the job is too big for us and desire to take it off our hands. It seems a foolish thing on the part of the Board of Trade and a bad precedent— almost an occasion upon which Young Australia should have stamped its foot and said ?? No,' but the voice of the Marine Board said ' Y'es,' and thus home the matter goes. But when does the Austral come up ? Some time next year is the most satisfactory answer obtainable from the men in charge now. It will be remembered that the Marine Board found it necessary to deal with Captain Clare, of the ship Northampton, a fortnight ago. Captain Clare got ashore with 350 people aboard about 10 miles south of the harbour, and his explanation as to how he got ashore was very lame indeed. He had made a mis take in his reckoning, and he had neglected to heave the lead. Considering this mistake and neglect to prove culpable negligence, the Board suspended the old man's certificate for nine months. It was a sad tiling, for the old man had 25 years' good record. But what lesser punishment could the Board award? Common sense says, None. The captains of the ships now in harbour, though, have held a meeting, and drawn up a letter of condolence, which they have pre sented to Captain Clare. The)' were justified in doing so much had the letter been decently worded, but in it they have said plainly, as words can say, ' We hold the judgment of the Board to be unjust.' The clause conveying the imputation runs: — 'It would be unbecoming in us to reflect disrespect fully on the decision of the board, but we can have no hesitation in saying that had we been trying the case as nautical assessors we should not, on the evidence adduced and with the same explanations be fore us, have arrived at the same conclusion.' What will the Board think of that document ? Probably abottt the same as the members of a court martial, who having punished a soldier for neglect as a sentry, should hear that all the privates of the regiment, while not wishing to be disrespectful to their officers, still hold that had they, the privates, formed the Court their companion would not have been punished. The terrible railway smash in Melbourne goes to show that Melbourne railway management is not so perfect as has been supposed. This is the second big smash that has occurred on lines which a private com pany ran for years without one single great smash What is the conclusion ? That the Government is less cautious than a private company, or that all Govern ment institutions contend against bad luck ? Facts seem to attach much bad management to the Govern ment—for, take them as they stand : there was but a single line upon the railway where this accident occurred, and yet it was not worked on the staff system ; there was no telegraphic or telephonic com munication between the two stations ; the trains, though running at a great pace, and with frequent stoppages, were only provided with the oldest of old breaks. Had they been provided with Westinghouse or other patent hydraulic brakes it is more than lilrclv that both coula have been brought to a standstill before meeting in that grim embrace. Xoneof these things, however, would require to be talked about had that Hawthorne signal man done his duty ? He is unquestionably the first murderer ; but where shall we place the Minister or his responsible heads of departments, who by con stant and long-continued neglect rendered it possible for such terrible consequences to follow one single lapse of duty ? If my memory is not, as it is sometimes, treacher ously deceitful, I think Sir Henry, of Faulcon bridge, the chosen knight of Tenterneld, has an ex ceedingly patriotic interest in the promotion of that iSiorth Shore Bridge, of whidu. he talked before leav ing us for America. About two years ago somebody (I feel confident it was somebody) informed me that Sir Henry had a very large slice of land on the northern shore of the harbour, not very far from the proposed site for that bridge. It is leasehold land, upon which ground rent is being paid each year ; and, it is strange to say, throughout all the present land mania, which has lasted some four years, this North Shore land remained intact. Is it waiting for the bridge ? Of all the poor, frozen-out gardeners who have no legislative work to do, the most pitiable object is the once happy Mr. John Davies. South Sydney, the soil of which once was but too willing to be moulded in what shape he would, so that a golden harvest could be reaped, forms now but so many clods, to be thrown at his still stately head. The lamented Clontarf episode, which afforded him the first stepping-stone, is now forgotten. The fire which has been raging in thousands of breasts — the fire so carefully tended by Mr. John Davies and his followers— has calcined this stone. It has crumbled to dust, and the arch-director of innumerable associations is left — well, as a frozen out gardener — one who would be willing to have even the shelter of the sheet which enrobed that very useful bogey, the ' Kiama Ghost.' I respect the man who advertises his wares fairly, especially if he pays his printer, but the vandals who persistently and industriously daub all the choice spots around this city of ours for dozens of miles should be drowned in their own paste pots or choked with their filthy paint brushes. There is scarcely a part of our harbour shores where one can land without being confronted by an invitation to wear some body's shoddy suits, or take some one else's life destroying pills. Those wharfs of ours on the Circular Quay, although leased for a mere trifle, are being disfigured by huge hoardings upon whicli hundreds of advertisements of the gaudy class appear. The rural retreats, the rustic seats, the rocky dells are bespattered by the paint of those pushing men of business. Never was a better chance afforded the young legislators of the day than this. It is an abuse which cries aloud for a remedial measure. I would not counsel ultra severity ; terms of imprisonment with hard labour say of from three to 14 years should be the penalties. Capital punishment should not be the rule unless for the second offence. I will go as far as most men to serve a friend, and can do a fair share in a political contest, but I would not go quite so far as a countryman, a friend of mine, did the other day to aid Sir Henry Parkes. This friend of mine, who is an owner of property in the city, knowing that the East Sydney election was on came down the northern line from Murrurundi, took ship at Newcastle, and after a very rough passage landed in Sydney. The sole object of the trip was to vote for Sir Henry, and this alas ! was frustrated. Soon after landing my friend discovered that his name was not on the electoral roll. He did not swear, he did not consign the collectors to warni countries far away, but he smiled grimly and started for home that very nijjht. Arabi Bey is to go into exile anywhere in some British possession. I beg to suggest that he would make an admirable colonist. I can fancy him settled here as a burly hotel proprietor. He is just the figure, and his merciful con sideration, shown when the water question was under discussion, proves him to be one who studies the sup plies even of his greatest enemies. ' The 'Wolssi.ey Arms, ny Akabi Bet,' would prove an attractive sign. Or he might visit Ireland and become die liuu of the sweet Dubiinites. His jokes would be appre ciated there, and again his little eccentricities would afford the fair ones an opportunity to make original puns, such as ' Arrah bay aisy,' while the gentlemen could observe, 'I baylave you, my boy.' Or, happier thought, he might become an Irish landlord, and open an account with some respectable under taker. Mr. Christopher Newton has received a very hand some token in recognition of his having done to others as ho would wish others to do to him. He has liquidated liabilities to the extent of £40,000, which were standing when his firm became embarrassed in 1871\. As we have learned by cablegram, in return for this act his creditors have presented him with a steam-launch. In my late files there is an account of the presentation. The launch, which is now building, is 50 feet long, one of Blackwood and Gurdan's best models, and is to be named ' The Northumbria ' Mrs. Newton received a diamond ring and a gold bracelet set in rows of diamonds. It would be well for the general community if there were more Newtons in its midst. I know more thau a few citizens who have fattened on insolvencies and assignments. Indeed, many think it is neces , eary to pass up King-street before the portals of fortune can be reached. I simply repeat that which I have written dozens of times, when I say that the fire brigades of the city are but so many fifth wheels. They seem to be efficient only when public parades or proces sions are on. On such occasions the engines are well horsed and the men are gorgeously attired. Then, plated helmets reflect the sun's glare, and the men look determined to do or die, to ' fly to save ;'' but when in the small hours some smouldering mass spits forth flame, and good citizens are roused by the shrieks of half smothered families, when the cry, 'Help, help, for God's sake, help,' is raised, when neighbours half dressed rush from their houses, and by prompt action oft save life and property, the ques tion, Where are the firemen ? is too often asked. In such emergencies it may be that the firemen are on the road to the fire. Some one has rushed to the engine station, and by rousing the watchman raised the alarm. The bell is rung, and the watch man runs from street to street to call the firemen. There are no horses, so the engine is dragged towards the scene of the fire. If the building subject to the flame is a large one, the brigade is in time to play upon the ashes ; if a small structure, it, as a rule, has almost done smouldering before the water is applied. How often does it happen that there is none of this fluid? The plugs are choked or covered with blue metal and the reporters say ' it was not until quarter of an hour from the time of the first engine's arrival that a stream was poured upon the doomed building. '' How often do we hear of the wrangling of firemen, of fights for certain positions, of hose being cut, and work hindered ? The remedy for these grave defects is simple enough. We require a well-organised city brigade under a qualified officer. The members of this brigade should receive fair wages as firemen. They should dwell in, or adjoining, the fire stations. Each station should have horses, and the station should be connected with a central look-out station, say the Town Hall, from the tower of which a watchman might do ser vice. The disbandiuent ot the volunteer companies would be a judicious step, a fireman, like any other labourer, being worthy of his hire. Stern justice is often meted out in our District Courts, for your District Court Judge is Very severe, as a rule. It is a position which, like the Comniissioneiship of Insolvency, is apt to sour even the most even of tenmers. A rasp. which recently occupied the attention of the Court is noteworthy. A tradesman, who added to his usual avocation the onerous duties of boarding-house keeping, was the plaintiff. Now it happened that as one of his lodgers had committed suicide that this plaintiff, instead of being at the court, remained at home to attend an inquest, he being an important witness. This was explained by the attorney, who craved an adjournment. This the Judge would not grant. The case was struck off, and the defendant's attorney applied fcr costs, and very nearly obtained them. As a piece of high falutin the speech of that re markable Victorian legislator, at the recent opening of the Lilydale railway, may be selected as a champion sample. ' Never in my life,' said he, 'have I gone over such a piece of railway engineering. The Zig zag of New South Wales is not a patch on it.' I am glad Mr. Woods is pleased ; but I think the expensive piece of work to which he alludes will still bear the pilm, at least it is not polite to draw comparison. 