THE; 'ANCIENT MOZ ARABIC- LIT-M; TJRGY OF THE" REFORMED CATHOLIC'CHHRCHOFSPATN/ - It is' quite '"clear, says the S.: A. Mis- sionary Magazine, that no work bearing the title of' Spanish Liturgy could' -be"' ! published'/ without having considerable ' interest for 'every member of the South American Missionary Society. And for ./ this amongst ' other reasons— that such a ; work would not only be written in the . ! language- of a very large proportion of . , the populations, amongst whom our miss- '! ionaries ; labour in South America, but; / ,;because: ' it directly bears upon. : the! 1 /.profession and the practice of that blessed ; : Gospel which- we seek to promote in its c purity arid'' power/ ' ii-' That we. cannot approve or sanction the doctrines held by the Rom an Church"1; in; South -America; or elsewheroisclear, ; and therefore must we hail" with special' pleasure any move made 'from within her '.own pale towards a holier and a 'purer faith. They have already possessed themselves of God's Holy Wordin their own language: 1 They have discovered on how many; points - ' and to what a serious extent the. teaching"''/ ofithat 'Divine Word and the teaching/of1/ " theii. own' Church1 are utterly at- variance. ' I They - have therefore elected to take God's ! Word, acknowledged as such by their own'" 1 priests; , as their" prime :guide,/ and ' iri ' pursuance of the1 same object : the jr' have Besought our missionary chajjlairis to give them.; a plain1 Christian1 'service !inC their' owri language arid to admit, thiiir children "' ' to our day and Suriday'/sehools." In ' several instances this has/ been done, and' we have reason to believe nvith 'much com- fort and1 blessing - to all 1 concerned. 5 The'- crowded services, and on a recent.' pdcasioU; h the 'Bishop's Spanish Confirmation,1 are1 evidences' - of this /ad vance- towards', the' 'unity of the- faith and -of the knovyledgo of the' truth. " :'''-/ - / Goincidentwith this.' movement' 'has ' ' 'been1, the publication 'bf- the1 work-'to- 'which we have1 alluded at the'head ofthis' : /', particle. It bears the title of "-The -Divirie'1 j Offices and Administration of the Sacra-'0;' 1 ments and other appbinted 'Ceremonies/bf / ; the Spanish' Church ;" and< the1 key-note1! of the work; is struck iri/vfcHe'titlbipi5'!'1 which1 cites- Jer. vi.1 -16; " Thus 'saith the''1.'" Lord, Stand1 ye in the ' ways; an d; see/ /arid1 ' . 'ask for the old/paths) where is the1, good'1" way/ and- walkvth'erein,; and ' ye shall fin'd ' '.roifefor your' souls."' ? Tlve1 compiler, is the-' ' / ' Rev. J. B. Cabrera, ordained a priest iil;1 the-'Roman1' cqirimunion, vvhich'ihel'was obliged- to quit years ago, -because 'He11"' could1 -not 1 teach modern -iuveiiribris ''as5/ 'part -of /the r Catholic' faith. j ,;Serior Cabrera0 is the -'compiler, the b'bok'!;7i does- :not take its' authority -'from him; but;10"' -as we in Eriglaridu-sKould 'say; frbm ;-C6ri- 1 vocation,-' as; testified' ; by 'the: fbllowibg ; synodical decision affixed to!-;iti:!;wTKbu-'.''' General Sy nod - of the' Spanish' Church; in' U ifes Session holderi"iri',the"'Hfcy of 'Sevillef,1 1 " 1 on the 10th 1 day ' of t March, -188 l/'ordered' 1 ; ; ' that ; the ''present'' Liturgy 'be - received '' ; \- an d- : used J in ' all the' congregations 'that ' ' ! ,ffirm part ':of- the1 said" Spanish 'Churchi0'! ' Signed by'th'eBre'sident/ J uan-Bi Cabrerai;JM iJ( /Bishop ' Eleet/' and - by !the Secretary; « ' Valentine/ Baquero,-'Presbyter." . /' ' U'W : The ' various s offices ' are1 'preceded' 1 by a" ' ! 1 preface;- -at :t he-- beginning iof i whichj iwe-"r /.find' the 'following-principles laid dowri :— ' 5 .. . "To reforni. is i not to introduce a riewr;-:j-'' .religion, but'to'return to'the'eariypurity i of, ancient" Chriatiariityy'disembari'assing' '.' \- and - clearing true" Christianity < fr6jritlie, 'l!i 'thorns ' 'and "briars1 1 arid "ri'o'xidus'-"'w<Bedis '''' which , have been maliciously sown, or from ignorance been allowed to spring up in the midst of it. . . . The, Roman rite is comparatively modern! ,in Spain, and, besides the errors it contains, iB a simple novelty in our nation. Whoever is the least acquainted with, .ecclesiastical history knows that Spain had its own rite, called by some theflsidorian, by others the Gothic, by others the Toledau or Mozarabic rite, which yielded its position, against the will., of. the people, to the Roman rite introduced in the eleventh century. But a faint reminiscence of this rite remains in the Mozarabic Chapel of the Cathedral of Toledo. , It was natural, therefore, that we should recur to the old Spanish rite, and .this, we have done. With these fountains in. view, and drinking of all of them, we have compiled the.- present Liturgy, which, without differing from the general character ex hibited by the Liturgies of the Reformed Churches, retains all the characteristic and peculiar traits of the old Spanish or Mozarabic rite that are in accordance with the word of God." The ; Preface proceeds to state the acceptance by the Spanish Church of the Apostles' Creed and the Nicene Creed and the Athanasiau Creed as professions of .faith, and constituting a body oi doctrine; but the example of the Irish Church, in not publicly reciting the. Athanasian Creed, is followed. Two Lessons are to be read from Holy Scrip ture. in the Sunday morning; service, and one in the afternoon service ; a passage from a prophetical book is added between the collect and the epistle, in accordance with Mozarabic precedent. There is to be a sermon every Sunday, and on one other day every week where practicable. Daily service is recommended, but where this,, may .not be had, service is to be held on Christmas Day, the Circumcision, the Epiphany, Thursday in Holy Week, Good Friday, Ascension Day; besides Easter Day, Whit Sunday, and all Sun days The frequency with which the Holy. Communion is to be administered iB left to the discretion of the clergy; but they are reminded that in the Primi tive Church the administration took place every Sunday. Communicants are allowed either to kneel or to stand, according to the custom of the congregation ; and they are all to remember " that in the ancient Church both ways of communicating prevailed." Churches are to have in the chancel a table of the Lord (not to be called an altar, " in order to avoid abuses), on the east side of which the mini- strant is to stand at the time of the celebration of the Lord's Supper. There are also to be two credence-tables, a font, , a pulpit, a lectern, and other necessary or usual furniture. The clergy man is, to wear a surplice and a white stole, with permission to wear a black gown for preaching and for funerals. A shortened form of prayer may be used on days other than Sundays and festivals named above. Passing from the Preface tp the book itselft we find an Order for Morning and Evening Service, Litany, Prayer and Thanksgivings, Special - Offices for Christmas Day,' the Circumcision, the , Epiphany, Holy Thursday, Good Friday, Easter Day, Ascension Day, Whit Sunday, and Trinity Sunday; the Order ; for the Administration of the Lord's Supper or Holy Communion ; the Collects, Prophecies, Epistles, and Gos pels for the year; Baptismal Services for Infants and Adults ; the Marriage Ser vice; the Visitation of the Sick; the Communion of the Sick ; the Burial Ser vice; Anthems; Confirmation Service; Ordination Services; Family Prayers ; and finally, a statement of the disciplinary bases of the Church. We naturallv turn to the Communion Service in order to learn the doctrinal position of the Church. The preliminary rubrics aB to the qualifications of those who , are to be ; admitted are much the same,; as , in our own Prayer-book. The elements are at the beginning of the service.to be placed either on the Lord's- table.'or on the credence. After a few prayers the presbyter reads the introit— - which differs according to the season — thejprophecy, the epistle, and the gospel. Then, follows the sermon and the offertory, the, rubric directing that " the presbyter shall. receive the alms and place them upon , the table of the Lord, after which he shall place upon it the bread and the wine, if tbey have not already been placed there, ,and shall uncover them." Having been presented at the Lor d's-table, the alms, after a . prayer of oblation, are placed on a side. table. Then follow a prayer for the Church , militant ; an exhortation ; con fession and absolution ; the creed of Hicsea or Constantinople; the illation (a special Mozarabic feature).; the consecration, .(similar in character to our own, but longer and more elaborate) ; the reception (in the same form as our own), and the post-communion. The rubric com mands that there shall be a second con secration, if necessary, and that the consecrated elements unconsumed shall be covered with a white linen cloth, and reverently eaten and drunk at the conclusion of the service. We pass on to the baptismal services. Here we have the usual questions and answers to sponsors. We do not find the word regeneration employed ; but a prayer is used that the child, when come to years of discretion, may "give proof of its new birth." The benefits of admission into Christ's Church are most promi nently dwelt on. The Marriage and Burial Services are edifying throughout. In the Visitation of the Sick the form of the confession is left to the sick man or the clergyman; the absolution is preca tory. In the Communion of the Sick another form of absolution iB given. The Confirmation Service (which seems to be placed somewhat out of its natural place) calls attention rather to the confirming of the baptismal promises than to the strengthening gift of the Holy . Ghost ; but the latter idea, we are glad to see, is not ignored. In the Ordination Services the words ' who soever sins,' &c.;, are omitted ; but the essentials of ordination are preserved. The family prayers (another Mozarabic feature) are specially needed in Spain, where, as in other Roman Catholic countries, household devotion is little practised. The disciplinary bases, which close the volume, are of an importance second only to the profession of doctrine. They begin by a declaration that the Spanish Church is a branch of the uni versal Church of Christ ; that it follows the teaching of Holy Scripture, and main tains the faith and order of the primitive Christian Church ; that in it the ministry of the Word and sacraments is entrusted to regularly ordained bishops, presbyters, and deacons ; that every parish has its vestry elected by the communicants, and this vestry has the nomination of the parish presbyter ; that a diocese is formed of parishes, and governed by a diocesan synod, comprised of one layman and one clergyman for each parish, and this synod elects the bishop. Superior in authority to the diocesan synod is a general synod. The relations of the general synod and a " council of the bishops " are left un- defined. The appearance of a Book of Common Prayer in the Spanish tongue is a thing of so grave importance that we have described its composition with some minuteness. Seeing what the body is from which it emanates, and how likely it was to be affected in an exaggerated degree by its surroundings, we are thank ful to have anything presented to us so sound, so. orthodox, so sober. We heartily congratulate those whose labour of love has produced a book which, by the blessing of God, may be a powerful instrument in calling back Spaniards to the principles and the practices of the Primitive Church. We may add that the Most Reverend Lord Plunket, Bishop of Meath, to whose generosity and zeal the publication of this work is mainly due, has added a Preface, at once interesting and eloquent, to the English translation of this Liturgy. This translation has been made by the Rev. Mr. Pope and Mr. 11. S. Clough, the latter having been formerly one of the Lay Mis sionaries to the Amazons. It is to be specially noted that the title given throughout this ancient Liturgy to clergy of the second order : of. the ministry is " Presbitero," not "Sacer- dote," and that even to the present hour the members of that order of the Roman Church in Spain affix to their signature the same title, " Presbitero." It would tend to avoid much confusion of thought, as well as much misleading in doctrine, if in our own Liturgy; ; our Presbyters were designated by no uncer tain title, and adopted that used by' the "Presbyters" of the Roman Church in Spain. New English Saints.— The Ro man Catholic mind in England is, at present, says the Rock, agitated by a proposal to add. some English saints to the Roman Calendar. The work of the " Commission on the English Saint9 " was advanced astep, so the Tablet says, " at the meeting which took place on Sunday last (20th nit.) at the archbishop's house." Information is to be sought as to " the cultus' and traditions" of a number of bishops, kings, monks, and virgins, including amongst them the renowned " St. Simon Stock,", con cerning whom we should have supposed there could have been no doubt'whatsoevor. The process l: undertaken ' liere will have to be, submitted to . the " Sacred -Congregation of- Rites " at Rome; with whom and the Pope the : final, , decision rests.!'; Information1 on . the, claims of the various-saints is to be sent either to two Romish bishops or three priests in England, and, whether trustworthy or not they will know how to dresB it up for the " Sacred Congregation." As a result, the worship of English " saints " is expected to receive an impetus. This will, explain the following paragraph in the S. M. Herald of Saturday last: — "The Journal de Rome announces in the first lines of its latest intelligence that the Sacred Congregation of Rites- has received the documents relating to the cases for the beatification and canonisa tion of Sir Thomas More, Lord Chancellor of England, and John Fisher, Bishop of Roches- \- ter, and Cardinal of St. Vitalis, ' both martyrs to the faith in 1535, in the reign of Heury VIII. of England." ' The new saints will, we fear, scarcely appreciate the companionship of the filthy vermin-covered beggar, recently added to the brotherhood — St. Labre. Peculiar Method of Show ing Sympathy. — Some of the Dublin " patriots " have, says a Home paper, adopted a curious method of testifying their sympathy with Mr. Gray, M.P., sentenced by Mr. Justice Lawson to a terra of imprisonment for contempt of court. It appears that there is an " Emmet Band " in the Irish metropolis, called after a man who was executed for high treason, and this band — so a respectable Romish paper tells us — " gave vent to their feelings by serenading the statue of Sir John in Sackville- stroet." The "Sir John" here mentioned was the father of the present occupant of Richmond Prison, and himself a tenant of the same abode with Daniel O'Connell, of " Repeal " memory. The statue probably took no harm from the noise, but it would never have done for the band to have serenaded the prisoner at Richmond, as the inscription on its walls, " Cease to do evil ; learn to do well," might have scared them away. Are Priests in Ireland Blameless. — That Romish, priests in. Ireland are not wholly blameless Is admitted by the English Roman Catholic Tablet, which, referring to the Pope's letter to the Romish bishops, has the follow ing: "But specially the Holy Father ap proves -of the , restriction which, the bishops have Imposed; on the younger clergy, some few, of .whom have so far forgotten their priestly character as to plunge into violent agitation, and to stir up the passions of the people." If, however,, the turbulent priests had been so few, why was it necessary for the prelates to place such a curb upon them? Moreover, these : were only " curates " ; but what of the parish priests who employed them? At many of the -seditious meetings both classes were, strongly represented, and the priestly countenance given to lawlessness invested it with a vitality that it could not otherwise have had. Tile Missing Link.— The Southern Gross reports that Mr. Grant Allen, an English scientist, hns propounded an answer to the question, " Who was primitive man?"- He would look for him (but lias not yet found him) in the Mid-mioceno deposits. Here there ought to be a "man- like: animal," whom we " may riot unjustifiably picture to our selves as a tall and hairy creature, more or less erect, but with a slouching gait, black- faced arid whiskered, with prominent pro gnathous muzzle and large, pointed, canine teeth. . . . His forehead was, no doubt, low and retreating, with bony bosses under-: lying the shaggy eyebrows, which gave him a fierce expression, something like that of a gorilla." We prefer Moses—" So God created man in His own image, in the image of God. created ho him." :: Sir John Lubbock says that ants in the matter of intelligence rank " above the anthropoid apes" and stand "next to man." So the misRing link becomes an ant. \\. Ritualists' Attire at a Fu neral.— A long cassock sweeping the ground, and short lawn surplice, edged with lace, reaching a little below his waist, purple stole with gold crosses, back and front, and biretta on his head ; preceded by a cross- bearer in black cassock, and two small boys in short surplices like his own, purple cas socks, and skull caps. The English Protestant Times gives the above description of a clerical gentleman's dress and that of his attendants at a funeral which took place recently at a church in the country. Onn our friends Bup- ply information of any further novelties ?. Tlie Atlilone Miracle.— Of the alleged apparition at the Franciscan Church of Athlono, Ireland, a telegram, according to the Weekly Register, has stated that " The clergy in charge keep the statue of the Virgin , . voiled during the day. The veil is . removed in the evening, at which time the eyes, lips, and arms have, it is declared, been seen , by different individuals to move." It is riot uuusual with jugglers to perform only under cover of darkness. But why the holy priests should cover up their animated stone image in the day time and show it only at night is not so easily understood. Why the jVirgin should prefer; to roll, her eyes, at night js also a mystery which we, Protestants can't understand. Perhaps: the glare of the candle hurts her stony eyeballs, or she objects to the shower of stars (or fireworks) that fall around her. Perhaps' the outstretching of her hands which is taken' for the. action of blessing that unholy congre gation. of night, murderers and, thieves, in notorious Athlone may bo really a suppli-. cation for mercy. Who knows ? , r'.;n tj . Tlie result of the Dissolu tion.— We presume .thut now . our' early opinion of the mistake of the dissolution of Parliament is patent to Sir Henry Parkes; and to Sir John Robertson, and to whoever else may be attributed that wretched piece of bad generalship. Of course we never shared, the j opinion that their action in dissolving or ask ing for a dissolution was unconstitutional, as in the soreness of the moment some, pro- ', claimed it, both in Press and on bastings. It was perfectly legitimate, and it was honourable and bold, but it was a . terrible blunder in party war, and its results will possibly con fuse the business of the country and stop all fair progress by depriving Parliament of any working majority for any party united on any intelligible principles. Sir John Robertson, . when referring to the blame which had been cast on the Government because of the disso- ' lution, excused it on the plea that otherwise it would have given the cause into the hands of the enemy. But this is from his own point of view, the very thing he has done with their commanding majority in the House: on all questions but one, and with a certainty that even on that one — the land law— the Opposition could not unite to carry any measure. A resignation would have been sure to have resulted in a triumphant proof of the strength of the Ministry, who could have kept their majority, or carried , their programme minus the land bill. As it is they have thrown the game with a ven geance into their opponent's hands, but with sadly diminished power to oppose them ; and should they defeat them on the new land bill, as shadowed by Mr. Stuart or by any other ; and should the two knights return to office, they will return shorn of half their strength, and facing a largely increased opposition. That Opposition, although too divided perhaps to unite in office, will bo very strong and unscrupulous in Opposition. It is perfectly true that at all events in the great city constituencies it was not the Land Bill that defeated the candidates. But the Government dissolved on the Land Bill, and, technically, that was the point on which they appealed to the constituencies. Those who otherwise would have united to support their policy were either indifferent or unwilling on this Bill. There was no other cry raised, nothing that could rally them with any enthu siasm, while the other side appealing indeed to the unpopularity of tliis Bill, held it up as a screen, behind which, gathered the real forces . of revenge for the Schools Act, the Licensing Act, &c.; Popery and beer are mighty conspicuous in these elections, and by means of the stalking horse of the Land Bill they managed to con found and divide the councils of the Protes tant and Temperance vote. Their leaders knew well that on a direct appeal on a question plainly asserting a distinct test, the papists and the beer would be defeated, as indeed they were by immense odds at a former elec tion of Dr. Renwiek for East Sydney, when bishopB, brewery, and diraoniinationists, all combined in vain, because a simple question of public schools versus sectarian' was to be docided. In- reality that same question with ' the more recent licensing 'Act1 impelled the same parties to the poll. ' The papists were driven in from Sydney to Kiaraa to vote en bloc, and the votaries; of beer beside them. While the candidates would not disturb (just yet) the present settlement of the public schools, that is, they would not alarm into a compact vote those whom they wished to defeat by dividing, and their success in this scheme was made certain and easy by the action of the Ministry in dissolving on such a question as the Land Bill. Humiliating-. — A humiliating scene, says the N. Y. Observer, showing the sub serviency of Roman Catholics to their priests, was exhibited recently in the lobby of the British House of Commons. Cardinal Man ning was standing in a corner when a barrister in wig and gown came down from the Speak er's gallery. On seeing the cardinal he pulled off his wig, and regardless of the scores of people standing round, ho threw himself on his knees, and, almost bending to the floor, asked for the cardinal's blessing. Daily Cathedral Service.— A lady friend having a weakness for the " daily service " about which High Church folk make so much ado, dropped in last Monday morn ing to St. Andrew's, where she found the Pre centor " rendering " the Morning Prayer "most beautifully " to a congregation con sisting of the Verger alone! "Dearly be loved Roger," no one can read the morning prayers of the Church of England without seeing that they are intelligible only as the act of a number of worshippers, arid yet these solitary Services are raved about by folk (who do riot attend them) as if their multiplication were equivalent to the revival of religion. Could not the Precentor have been better employed? Woiniora Relief Fund.-We cal (attention to an advertisement in another column announcing a concert to be held in the Protestant Hall, Castlereagh street, on Thursday, 28th inst., in aid of the Widows and Orphans of those lost in her off Botany Heads recently. The concert will be held under the able management of Mr. P. D. M'Cormick who has. kiudly given his services and as the concerts undertaken by that gentleman have been marked successes, this one should be' also. Offers of assistance from musical persons, will be thankfully received ' by Mr.' Marshall or Mr. M'Corinick; addressed to the Protestant Halll ' The object of the concert is a most laudable one and we hope that a substantial- addition to the fund will be netted. Germany and tlie Vatican.— It turns out as we anticipated with the truce between Bismarck and the Vatican. The Pope' thought everything was to be very riiuch as he wished. The Falk laws reversed, and the Jesuits again dictators; because ' Bismarck wanted the support of the Ultra- montanesin the Prussian Parliament. Moryah\ Bismarck really conceded nothing. The i Jesuits are in tears. The Ultramontanes are ' not found indispensible ; and im short the Prince Chancellor is Vhomme qui rits: the man) who laughs— in his sleeve. _ Bismarck was reckoned by the Vatican as an incarnation of the Devil himself ; but with the Devil himself the Vatican is quite willing to make a bargain which promises an advantage — so few of them offer now-a days. That is an old story. But the Vatican should remember the proverb that " he who sups with the devil ought to use a long spoon." In this case the Jesuit spoon has been too short. Monument to tlie late Rev. Dr.: McGibboil. — We understand that the Executive Committee of the Orange Insti tution have selected the memorial monument to be erected at the grave of their deceased brother. It consists of a monumental pile of solid Aberdeen granite, about 16 ft. high, having for its base a block with four polished escutcheons for inscriptions, and for its summit an urn draped with a veil. The em blems and inscriptions have not yet been decided upon. 