The Opium Trade Mii. '"WV H'. Bherbton.' of Hong-lcotigy gave" a1 lecture on the' 9'th. inst., at St. James's Hall, 1 ionclori, on the' subject; of " Opium Smoking 'in China."; He said he knew the reality of '0|iium Smoldng\ having* been ad-; viser in, his avocations ' as solicitor to' tlie recent opium farm in Hongkong. This lec-1 . uiriei1 Mr,' Breretori explained'/ was. on ly pre paratory '. as it1 -were; ft re his' secondj' \yhich "will'h'e'(!held on the 19c.li' irisfc.^ arid in tjlie. ''meantime'.we withhold our reports '*"r lWe;iniiy, ? mention; however, that Mr! B^eretpnls1tat!ecl, iiis'opinion was'that /opium smolcing)- as car ried on by the Chinese, was.perfeetly inno cuous,' He'denied that the use; of opium was demoralizing', or was' ruining and sap ping :the; 'itiatiliood of the whole nation! a proposition which involved a charge of the greatest' wickedness on the part of England. .Opium smoking'in Chi a. so far from being' of comparatively recent growth, as alleged, must have-been a habit indulged by the Chinese, for the last thousand1 years. , He had known men of fill degrees and of all ages, who had been opium smokers from their youth, and found thera to be healthy and remarkably acute and sharp men. They were the most astute nation under the sun,, and for cunningy craft, and subtlety they might be backed against any Europeans.' They were, after their kind, a highly civi lized nation, and it was not likely that such a vast people would allow this opium trad* to be forced upon them by England if they did not want it. ' > ' Miss Lincoln, of St. Mary's, died a few days ago in Sydney, and was buried on Tues day last, at South Creek. , We are much indebted to experience, and it is truly said that we learn more from our mistake?'.- This is the reason compositors kno.w so much. , . ; I; The Chinese may be getting a firm grip ;of the industries of the Pacific Const, but the | cockroaches are none the less surely and im placably talcing possession. of the throe-for two restaurant". And, by the ghost of Lucullus,,it.:is a horrible thing to dwell upon this same, domestic- invasion. They come, not in legion, for then we could comb >t them, but the, vile and damnable insects insinuate themselves int> our soup, lie under the g rat-in of our' fish, and leer at us from the heart of our ,pate finanoiere, Hair in the butter, flies in the cream, dog-meat in the i sausage, cats-rneat "in the .mutton pies-all I dwindle into innocuons inconveniences before ( this last mighty pest of thetsweller restaur ants. Better tile American bean, the solid American doughnut, the underdone Ameri can/pnsir.y, and the consciousness of semi cleanJiness, than the luscious role an vent with deadly suspicion that it entombs a cock roach. Fore gad! and we were King, the cook J who sent us a cockroach wMi our dish should hnng from a gibbot on the loftiest pinnacle of Nob Hill, and his carcass be flung to the .unscrupulous shrimps to fatten? on till the , Chinese or Italian Peter i-cooned him toward I the Mayonnaise: -Saw Francisco News Latler. I 