Court Netherleich. 33sr 3SbOCE*s. Bexxrv Wood, AWTHOB O* K&6T STNira. [PobUshed by special arrangeaient -niCh the antkor-J 0S4PTES IV.— (Gohthtoeik) His .lordehip was ©oasldorablT etartled; the prxrad Chenevix blood rose, and dyed hie fore head crimson. He had not been listening par ticularly, and he doubted whether he heard aright. In one respect he had not, tor he thought the words had been your eldest daughter. Against Francis Grubb. personally, nothing could be saidt but against his standing a great deal. Many years had gone by since Catherine -3rant lost oasis by marrying a ' Oiky man.,9 but opinions had not changed, for it was yet long antecedent to these tolerant days, Men in trade» no matter how high the class of trade, were still kept at a distance by the upper orders — not looked upon aa being of the same race. Therefore the demand was like .a blow to Lord Acorn ; and he dared not resent it as he would have liked to. His daughter desoend from her own rank, and become one with tbiB trader 3 Was the world coming to an end ? But as the two men stood gazing at one another, neither of them speaking, the Earl be gan to revolve in his mind the pros of the matter, as well as the cons. Grace was no longer young ; she was growing- thin and rather cross, for she had been before the world ten years, with no re Bult. Would it be bo bad a match for her ? ' I will settle an ample income upon her,* spoke Mr. Grubb. ' And your unpaid bonds — there are many of them, my lord — I will return into your hands : all of them. Thus your debt to me will be cancelled, and, so far as I am concerned, you are a free man again/ ' I cannot be that. I am at my wits' end now for two thousand pounds/ * Tou shall have that/ ' Egad, Grubb's a generons fellow !' cogitated the Earl, ' and it will be a famous thing for Grace : if she can only think so. Have you ever spoken to Grace of this/ he asked aloud. * To Lady Grace ? No/ 'Do you think Lady Grace likes you/ con tinued Lord Acorn, remembering how attractive a man the merchant was. ' Do you think she will accept you ?' * I am not speaking of Lady Grace.' ' No !' repeated the Earl, opening his eyes wider than usual. * Which of them is it, then?' ' Lady Adela/ If Lord Acorn had been startled when he thought the object of this proposal was Grace, he was considerably more startled now. Adela ! young, beautiful, and haughty— she would never have him. His first impulse was to indignantly reject the proposition ; his second thought was that he was trammelled and dared not. ' I cannot force Adela's inclinations,' he said, after an awkward pause. 'Neither would I take a wife whosn inniiTifl, tions required to be forced/ returned Mr. Grubb. ' Pray understand that/ ' My lord,' cried a servant, entering tlie library, ' her ladyship wishes to know how much longer she is to wait dinner ?' * Dinner !' exclaimed the Earl. ' By Jove ! I did not know it was so late. Grubb, will you join us, sans ceremonie ?' It was not the first time, by many, Mr. Grubb had dined there. He followed the Earl into the drawing-room. Lady Acorn was in it, a little woman, all fire and impatience; especially just now, for if one thing put her out more than another, it was that of being kept waiting for her meals. The five daughters were there; they need not be described. Grace little and plain, but nevertheless with a nice face/and eightand twenty, 'was the eldest ; Adela, whom you have already seen, and a very flower of beauty, was the youngest. Pour daughters were between them. Sarah, next to Grace, and one year younger ; she had married Major Hope, and was in India ; Mary, Harriet, and Frances, Adela coming last. Not a whit less beautiful was she than when we saw her a year ago at Court Netherleigh. ' Here's the grub again/ whispered Harriet, for the girls were given to be flippant amongst themselves. Not that they disliked Mr. Grubb personally, or wished to cast derision on him, but they made a standing joke of his name. He was in trade, and all such people they had been taught to hold in contempt. The house ' Chris topher Grubb and Son' was situated somewhere in the city ; it did business with India and the colonies, and ever so many more .places, though what the precise business was the young ladies did not pretend to understand ; but they did know, or believed, that it was second to few in wealth, and that their father was a pretty con siderable debtor to if. While liking Mr. Grubb personally very well n 'leed, th?y yet held him to be of a totally different order from themselves. 'Dinner at once/ cried the Countess, im patiently, to the butler. ' Of course, it's all cold/ she sharply added, for the especial benefit of her husband. Mr. Grnbb went to the upper end of the room after greeting the Counten, and was speaking with the young ladies there ; Lord Acorn bent over the back of his wife's chair, and began to whisper to her. * Betsy, here's the strangest thing ! Grubb ?wants to marry one of the girls. 'Absurd!' responded the wrathful little woman. 'So it does appear, at the first blush. But when we come to look at the advantages — now do listen reasonably for a moment/ he broke off, 'you are as much interested in this as I am. He will settle hundreds of thousands upon her, and cancel all my debts to Mm besides/ * Did he say bo ?' quickly cried the Countess, putting off her anger to a less interested mo ment. ' He did,' replied the Earl, forgetting that he had improvised the hundreds of thousands. ' And in addition to putting me straight, he will give me a handsome sum down. You shall have five hundred pounds of it for that importunate milliner woman, Damereau, which will enable you all to ffet a new rig out,' concluded the wily man, conscious that if his self-willed better-half pet her temper against the match, the Arch bishop of Canterbury himself could never tie it into one. ' Which of them does he want ?' inquired the Countess, snappishly-, as if wishing to intimate that, though *he might have to say Yea, it should be done with aa |Q grace. * He's talking now with — -which is it, Mary ?' ' I thought it was Grace/ began the Earl, in a deprecatory tone ; * I took that for granted — - — ' * Dinner, my lady/ came the interruption, aa the door wao flung open; and the Eari started up, and said not another word. He thought it -veil that his lady wife should digest the sews »a tax., before proceeding further with. |t. The Countess, on her part, understood all that vas told, and that the desired bride was Grace. Mr. Grubb gave his arm to liady Acorn, and aai; down on her righ^t hand... Lady Grace was next, him on the other side. He was an agreeable, nian, of easy manners. Could they ignore the Gitr house, and had he boasted of ancestry and a high-sounding name, they could not hav* wished for a companion wio was more thoroughly the gentleman. Tftrasnaliy agreeable h« was this evening, for he now believed that no bar would be thrown in the -way of his winning the lady. Adela. He had long admired her above all women; he had iong loved her, and he saw no reason whv any bar should be thrown ; what in less daughter of a ruined peer, and a British merchant of high character and standing, an-J next to unlimitea wealth ? The ruined pees, howevec, had he heard this argument, might have' said the mer-chani irieaBbtied but in accordance ?with bis merchant- origin; that lie coitftl not bo ^expected to understand distinctions -which were above him.* Lady Acorn rose from table early. She had been making up her uiihd as to the match, during dinner ; like her husband, she discovered,' Ion reflection, its numerous advantages, and she was impatient to^ disclose the matter to Graces Me (j-rx^b-h; heML ^he -ftoor open as they filed out) ?mniyg* q^-tAj^)T ^han « maIim jn':f vfrr aestowedon him in, herlitt Whether it lad occurred ko Lady Acorn thai *foH ^fity man was probably the spi^ & &&gjon;£ Grant cannot be told. She; hqd neve? nlludeu to ic t G&theDne; had offended ^»i« al] too greatly ever to Be reeailed even by name j and, so far as Lord Acorn went, he did net knew such a person as Catherine had ever existed. The- girls gathered their chairs found the fire in the autumn evening* and began grumbling: 'Engagements*1 — he did not Say of^i^ nature—* had been Lord Aeosn's plea . for remaining In town when eveiybody «3se had left l£- Adda was especially bitter-. * Papa, never does things lite other people^ When we ought to be away we a?e boxed tip in town ; and when everybody else is in town, we are kept in the country* I-m sick of lit* * It's a pity, girls, you've not got husbands to cater for you, as you are sick of your father's rule/ tartly spoke their mother. ' You don't go off 5 any of you.1 ' It is Grace's turn to go first,* cried Lady Harriet. * Yea, it is— and one wedding in a family often leads to another^' observed the wily Countess. * I should like to see Grace well settled. With a fine place of her own where we could go and visit h»r, and a nice town mansion ; and a splendid income to support it all/ * And a box at the opera/ suggested Trances. ' And a herd of deer, - and a pack of hounds, and the crown diamonds/ interrupted Adela, with irony in her tone, and a spioe of acorn in her eye, i as she glanced up from her book. ' t)on't you | wish we had Aladdin's lamp. It might come to pass then/ 'But if I tell you that it will come to pass without it/ said Lady Acorn, ' that it has come to pass, what should you say ? 'Look up, Grace, my dear ; there's luck in store for you yet/ Their mother's manner was so pointedly signi ficant that all were silent from amazement. The colour mounted to the cheeks of Grace, and her lips parted ; could it be that she was no longer to remain. Lady Grace Chenevix ? ' Grace, child/ continued the Countess, ' the time has. gone for you to pick and choose. You are now getting on for thirty, and have never had the ghost of a chance ? ' ?That is more than you ought to assert, mamma/ interrupted Grace, her face flushing, perhaps at her mother's assertion telling home. ' I may have had — I did hare a chance, as you call it, but — ' ' Well, not that we ever knew of : let us amend the sentence in that way. What I was going to observe is, that you must not be over particular now/ ' Has Grace got an offer ?' inquired Harriet, breathlessly. ' Yes, she has, and you need not all look so incredulous. It is a good offer too ; plenty of substance about it. She will abound in such wealth that she'll be the envy of all the girls in London, and of you four in particular. She will have her town and country mansions, crowds of servants, dresses at will — everything, in short, that money can purchase/ For in her maternal anxiety for the acceptance of the offer, her lady ship thought she could not make too much of its advantages. ' Why, for all that, Grace would marry a chim ney sweep/ laughed the plain-speaking Lady Frances. ' Grace has had it in her head to turn serious,' added Harriet ; ' she may put that off now. I think Aladdin's lamp has been at work/ 'Of course there are some disadvantages at tending the proposed match/ said Lady Acorn, with deprecation ; ' no marriage is without them, I can tell you that. Grace will have every real and substantial good; but the gentleman, in birth and position — is — rather obscure. But he is not a chimney-sweep ; it's not so bad as that/ ' Good Heavens, mn.mmn. !' interrupted Lady Grace ; ' so bad as that/ 'Pray do not make any further mystery, mamma/ said Mary. Who is it that has fallen in love with Grace ?' ' Mr. Grubb/ ' Mr. ? Grubb '/ was echoed by the young j ladies in every variety of astonishment, and Grace thought that of all the men in the world she should have guessed him hist, but she did not sayso. She was of a cautious nature, and rarely spoke on impulse. The silence of surprise was broken by a ringing j laugh from Adela, one laugh following upon ' another. It seemed as though she could not I cease. When had they seen Adela so nierry ? . ' I cannot help it,' she said apologetically, 'but it did strike me as sounding so absurd. ' Lady Grace Grubb.' Forgive me Gracie/ ' It will not bear so aristocratic a sound as Lady Grace Chevenix/ retorted the mother tartly, 'but remember the old saying, ' What's in a name ?' It is you who are absurd, Adela/ CHAPTER V. LADT ADELA. 'I have opened the matter to Grace, and there'll be no trouble with her/ began Lady Acorn to her husband the next morning, halting to say it as she was going; into her dressing-room. ' No girl knows better than she on which side her bread is buttered J' ' To Grace !' cried the Earl, who was only half awake and spoke from the bedclothes. ' Do you mean about Grubb ?' * Now what else should I mean P' ' But it is not Grace he wants. It's Adela.' ' Adela/ echoed Lady Acorn, aghast. ' I don't think he'd have Grace at a gift — or any of them but Adela. And so you told her, making her dream of wedding-rings, and orange blossoms 1 Poor Gracie, what a sell J' ' Adela will never have him,' broke forth the Countess, in high vexation, at herself, her hus band, Mr. Grubb, end all the world. ' Never/ ' Oh, nonsense, she must be talked into it. With five girls it's something to get off one/ * Adela is not a girl to be talked into anything. She'd like a duke, j She is the vainest of them all/ ' Look at the amount of devilry this will patch up/ urged the Earl, impressively, as he lifted his head from the pillow, 'If he does not get Adel», he is going to sue for his overdue bonds/ ' You have no business with bonds, overdue or under-due,' snapped his wife. ' I declare I have nothing but worry in this life/ ' I shall get the two thousand pounds from him, if this conies off ; you shall have five hundred of it, as I told you ; and mT debt to him he will cancel. The man's mad after Adela/ ' But she's not mad after him/ retorted Lady Acorn, 'Make her so/ advised 'the Earl. And her ladyship went forth to her dressing-room, and allowed some of her superfluous temper to ex plode on her unoffending maid, who stood there -waiting for her. ''There, that will do/ she Impatiently said, when only half dressed, 'I'll finish for myself. Go and send Lady Grace to me/ and the maid wentj gladly enough. 'Gj-aeie, my ofear/ she began, when her daughter entered, * I am so sorry ; so vexed ; but it was your papa s fault. He should have been more explicit/ * Vexed at what ?' asked Grace. ' That which I told you last night — I am so grieved, poor child V— it tarns out to have been Borne horrible mistake ' $race compressed her lips. * Yes, mamma ?' *A mistaka in tUe name. It is Adela Mr, Grubb proposed for — not you. I am deeply grieved, Grace/ Lady Grace laid one hand across hei; chest; it may be that her heart was beat-, ing unpleasantly with the disappointment. Better, certainly, that her hopes had nevac been raised, than that they should be dashed, thus unceremoniously down again. She had learnt to appreciate Mr. Grnbb as He de served; she liked and esteemed him, and wouli gladly have married him. * tfcSU l-dela accept him ?' were the first words she said. For she did not fci^et that Adela, bjc -way of amusing himBelf; had not been sparing, oi her ridicule, the previous night, of Mr.' Grubb and his pretensions. ...-???, . ? - ' t don't inow-/- growled Lady Acorn. . '- Adela, when she chooses, can be the very, essence, of obstinacy. Iha^e said nothing, to, her. ? It ts only. n6w' I found out there wad a misapprehen sion.' . - . .. , : .'. . ??' - ';'. ; . '- Mother J' suddenly exclaimed Grace ; ; '.it has placed me, in a painfully ridiculous position, there's no denying that; we have been taJ^3ag,,p| it amidst ourselves. ? If you will help me ii maj. 'be made less sou' '.'. . ?-'? ?' ; . ?' /'' .'?';..:. '?'.'-,: \M6yr? ..... ..:?, . ; : . ?..?...,:..? .r r- . .: *. Say that! was m your confidence j that we both knew it was Adela ; and that what was eaid about me was arranged between iis fco break the matter to he^ and get herraoonciiadtio.iihua idea of Mm-. Ami let it be myself i notyoujte explain no* to Adela-/' A Yes, yes j de as you will/* eagerly assented the mother ; for she did feel sorry tot 0*aee; Grace went to Adela's room, and found her tiiere, with Harriet. She had been recalling the past- and she now eaw how aiteative FrttoeiB &rufeb; had been to Adela ? hew fond el talking' with he?-. ' Sad ear eyes bees ©pen we might have seen it all F sighed €rmee: * How nioely you were all taken in last night I* she said, assuming a light playfulness. As she sat dawn at the open windW. * Don't you think maaima and I got up that fable well about Mr, Grubb P' ' Got ife np V cried Harriet. ' You hypo crltioal sianers i Did he not make the offer P' * Ay, but not ho me. Ife was better to put it so, don't you see, by way dt breaking it to you.* * Then you are not goisg to be Lady Gsace Grubb. after all 1» said id»L ' Well, it would have been an incongruous assimilation of names.' ' I am not. (ahiess who it U h© 'wants, A4ela f* * Prances ?' cried out Harriet. ' No, but you are very near—you burn, as we children used to eay at ear play. ' Not Adela !» * It is/ answered (Jrace. * And I congratulate her heartily. Lady Adela Grubb would sound better than Lady Grace would/ ' Thank you/ satirically answered Adela ; ' you may retain the name for yourself, Grace. None of your grubs for me/ ' Ah, don't be silly, child. A grub, indeed I He is one of the best and most admirable of men — -a true nobleman/ The words are interrupted by a laugh from Harriet — a ringing laugh. ' Oh, Gracie, how un fortunate ! What shall we do ? Frances wrote last night to tell Miss Upton of your engagement, and the letter's posted/ Grace Chenevix suppressed her mortification, and quitted her sisters with a smiling face. But when ehe was safe in her own room, she burst into a flood of distressing tears. Lord and Lady Acorn chose to breakfast that morning alone in the library. Afterwards Adela ?was sent for. Straightening down the slim waist of her pretty morning dress with an action that spoke of conscious vanity, she obeyed the sum mons. Lord Acorn threw aside the morning paper when she entered. ' Adela, sit down/ he said pushing the chair at his elbow slightly forward. * We have received an offer of marriage for you ; and, though it is not in every respect all we could wish ? * ' From the grub/ interrupted Adela, merging ceremony into indignation, as she stood confront ing her parents, regardless of the seat proffered. ' Grace has been telling me. ' Hush, Adela ! don't give way to flippant folly,' interposed her mother. ' Have you con sidered the advantages of such an alliance as this ?' ' Advantages, vnavnvna. ! I don't understand. Have you' — turning to her father — ' considered the disadvantages, sir ?' ' There is only one disadvantage connected ?with it, Adela — that he is not of noble birth.' ' But that is insuperable, papa !' ' Indeed, no, said Lord Acorn. ' You will pos sess every good that wealth can command ; all things that can conduce to happiness. Your position will be an enviable one. How many of the daughters of our order — in more favour able circumstances than ours — have married these merchant princes !' Adela pouted. ' That is no reason why I should, papa. I don't want to marry/ ' You might all remain unmarried for ever and mate five old maids of yourselves, and buy cats and monkeys to pet, if it were not for the horri ble dilemna we are in,' screamed the Countess, in her well-known* fiery tone, and with a wrathful glance at the Earl ; for her tones always were fiery and her glances wrathful when Viiw unpardonable recklessness was recalled to her mind. ' Mr. Grubb has been, so to say, the salvation of us for years — for years, Adela— every year has brought its embarrassments, and he has helped us ouf of them. As well tell her the truth at once, Lord Acorn/ she concluded sharply. ' Ugh !' grunted, he, in what might be taken for a note of unwilling assent. | ' And if we put this affront upon him — refuse him your hand, which he solicits with so much honour and liberality — it will be all over with us. We can't livo any longer in England, for there's nothing left to live upon ; we must go abroad to some wretched hole of a continental place, and lodge on one dirty floor of six rooms, and live as common people. What chance would, there be of your picking up even a merchant then ?' Adela rose, smiling increduously. 'Things cannot be as bad as that, mamma/ ' Sit down, Adela/ cried her father, peremp torily, raising his hand to check the flow of elo quence his wife was again about to enter upon. ' It is as bad. Grubb has behaved like a prince to me, and nothing less. And if he should recall the money he has lent, I know not, in truth, -where any of us would be. I should have to run ; and be posted up as a defaulter, into thebargain, all over the kingdom./ And in a few brief words he explained facts to her ; making, of course, the worst of them. The obstinacy on. Adela'i coun tenance faded away as she listened; she was deeply attached to her father. ' You will be a very princess if yon take him, Adela/ said Lady Acorn. ' Ah ! 1 can tell you, child, before you come to my age, you will have found out there's little worth living for but wealth, which brings ease and comfort. I oucht to know ; for oiir want of it, through one absurd extravagance and another,'— r-with a dreadful glance at her lord — ' has been the worry and bane of my married life/ 'You have been extravagant on your own score/ growled he. ' But, papa, I don't care for Mr. Grubb. Apart from the disreputable fact that he is a trades man — — * 'Those merchant princes cannot be called tradesmen, Adela/ quickly interposed Lord Acorn who could put the case strongly, in spite of hi« prejudices, when it suited his interest. ' Well, apart from that, I say I do not like him/ . ' You cannot dislike bam. Nobody .can dislike Francis Grabb.' ' I shall if I am made to marry him/ Her obstinate mood was returning ; they saw that, and they let her escape for the time. Adela, the youngest and most beautiful of all their children, had been reprehensibly indulged; allowed to grow up in the belief that the world was made for her. ' Well, Adela, and how have you sped ?' asked Grace. ' Oh, I don't know/ was Adela's answer, as she flung herself into alow chair by her dressing table. 'Mamma is so fond of telling us thai the world's full ot trouble ; and I think it is/ ' Have you consented ?' 'No. And I don't intend to consent/ * Bui why not ? He is very nice, very ; and the advantages are very great. Tell me why you will not, Adela,— dear. Adela ?' Adela turned her. head away. 'I do nob care 'to marrr yet; Tifmj or any other man/ A Ughi — or rather a donbt — seemed to break upon Lady Grace. - Adela/ she whispered, * It ia not possible you are still thinking of Captain Stanley V 'Where would be the use of that?* was the answer. He is fighting1 in India, and I am here ; little chance of our paths in life ever again cros sing each other/ *. If I really thought your head was still run ning upon Stanley,^ T[ would tell you-^ — * 'What?' for Grace had stopped. 'The truth/ was the reply, in alow voice. 'News of him reached England by the last mail/ { What news ?' ^Wellj—J hardly know whether you will care nrachto hear xt* - ^I^-obably nob. IehouM like to, for all that/ 'H« is married/ (To'bb OoHranrao.) 'What Js tout. faopmeP'- was otice &s;&e4; of' a ?note^Parteiaii Bohemian. 'It is hard to telL' was the reply; 'but in good y«w I can borrow ii least ten'th6nsatt4ftaaos.ri Ai^^asb, JadjMBipis ajiit* on. her guard against 1 that tns crater \r-aud h$cray hiic again. J ? Seedy Bteanget \ ^1 am uoKcifcmg subscriptions 'for. 1 119 Society for the, Suppression of Intemperance I and the Banishment -jf Tzamps. What may X put 