OUR ST. PETERSBURG LETTER. ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 10. A great dinner lAeiy took placo in St. Petersburg, to oelcbtato tho Siberian Jubileo. Just thrco hundred j«r» ago, EnnaV Timopoff with bia drougine of Coi jacte, and a I'JW odranturiste, conquered tho Bm nil kingdom, half -pagan * and balf-mussulman, on tba (ania of tho lilith and Tobóla mers, thcroby bjing tho foundation of tba aanoxaliou of. Siberia td tire Ru&ian; empire. A' vast deal of scientific' joutroTcrsy. hu been going on as to tho oxact day upon which Lo colobrato th» jubileo (and at last the 'J 6 th of' October waa fi-cod upon) anniversary o£ tho day Whca« KrmsV took tho ancient capital o( tho'Siberian King ¿ors,' lachen. Without vñohiog to diminish tho' iniwrtafaoe of Erm ak and his bravo CoBtHctra, it ia,, lewCTtir, jost to wy that tho campaign of 1451-111 ?na but an opisodo-in tho midst of -tho systematic! «od general tendency of tho Kassi an« to reachi Siberia, .a sort of movement akin to tho present! ju« oí immigration, and which continued to oxiet tiU< ¿hi Rusiianj iosen»Íbly orosswï tho Vial Mountains} isä-mtdo th cm selves .it homo in tho regions beyond. Tbs history of Sibaria Binco its conquest by Russia tia be characterized in n few «ords. During tho jeveateunth centnry the country began slowly to dovolop, attempts wero made to organiio tho government, towns ipptarcd, and roads wart) traced. Tho eighteenth ffotury witnessed tho establisbment.'of coramcreo with Chi Di hy land, and tho beginning of itho exploitation of ¡be mineral riohosof the country. At that timi} also, Siberia' was cheven aa a placo of exilo for political : pflender*. and from 1700 for common eriminaîe. In (be present century the discovery of tho rich Sitarían j -olJ mince has all at once given lifo to tho COIOJBUS.J »nd transfigured it in its interior economy. Its com cere* rapidly improved, and grow on ono hand hy thu 3SB«xatton of tho Amour .md Ouswuri territories,.'01* «b* other by tho oponing of sea navigation through tho mouths of tho Obi and Tloccasco. Tho recent establish- ment of steamboat companies in tb Dib regions, tho con curst of tho Korghiz Steppes, sod tho annexation o£ Turkestan «nil now contribute to give Siberia a wido 'ud serious commercial acopo. If jone cornea to thick of it it ia impossible not to fffret that so little has been dono in those three hun PTTII vears, and & picture arises bofore tho imagination of what those rich and fertile regions would havo .become in the honda of tho English or Americans. .[Int Russia has Go much to do at home, civilization has jitcnded aa yot over GO ratall a part of hor European/ xrritarr. the population ia everywhere no scarce and ef, ^norant. that no doubt many years will pass before sb o. viii bo obló seriously to turn her thoughts towan'Ja,' Siberia. Meanwhile, tho Siberians. impatient Jr tirait the introduction into their cous try cf tho reforms that have been adopted in Rawia. At the banquet given on tho occasion rr any disti aguûhcd portons ÎLES is tod, several profesiora ¡md specialists upon Siberian affairs. Able Bpocchoa were rreaoonced, . some -of which wara oven ela toeni. Indeed the Siberians. have a right to reproach ' Russia (or taking their gold and precious stones, and' Bonding thom nothiog Tin return but armies of J j arden cd criminals. They have a right oUo to aspire t o schools, universities, zemstvasi and now juridical imp* rovo tn cn ta sow everywhere being established in Russia. A riilrnad.b*fcwofla Siberia and Central .'.Buffiia has been projected for year*, bet the gigaa' li© «cal« of tie enterprise doters th» boldest speculator/ \, However, it ie proposed to endow Tomsk with a r iniversity, the foundation-stono of which . waa . laid ' year, but wherever tho money is to como from / jost now is a question not easily answered. Great indignationhss been excited in/ st. Petersburg by the new« of the suspension of the Met copolitsn Michael tad sequestration of his private con eapondonce. This rUlwart defender of Servian independence and triumph of Slavonicism on tho Bs tk3n Peninsular has b«n officially deprived of ¿is post-v itbout even the usual penaiou. However, in t protest ar ,drceaed to the Prince of Milan, Father Michael refute/ , to give np his rights S3 Metropolitan until his dem ùssion be con firmed by the Sjnoá. Besides that ' fcg 0M Kat letters sf protestation to the Petr lireh of Constantinople »rd to the Emperor ot Russie . it is difficult to contest th» Servian Government tho right pf making changea in the church,, but.what car , .bo blamed is tbo.way in which the whole thing 1 m it done. Tho gondarmee entered the house of tho.'Metropolitan by forco, ran Hcked all his pope», and' tr ck possession of hts cone ipondencc It ia soid( tí iaf ¡ among other letters wore found eeveral of Count Ignaticff, of M. Axskoff, sad of General Tchernvief i The Servian Government played in this case tho ' baj » part of spy upon ono of tho freatcst benefactors of the nation. Tho Vienna jaiettcs pretend that *ill Caia took piece according lo tho reflation of the Sex1 oar j Cabinet, presided over by tho Prince Milan himself. Tho Metropolitan could only protest against tbr > b /osliing into bis homo and thc ailing of his cor ref xjondonce. Of course he was obliged to givo up tb forco. Tho Novaia Premier nsively finds it. '. very strange that tho Russian diplDmotioal agr -nt, at Belgrad did sot deter the Prince of ? ii,ilan and his Ministers from a »urso of action, s// offonding to the country ho repre- sented," as if it wore tho custom of the Servians to xmmlt Russia r ,pon any of tho steps they now take. There is no < :oabt that Sorm is showing tao openly the ioQuenco ; <*."u6tria now exercises over ber, for the Metropolitan t Michael is one of tho most popular men ia the couotr ¡, Tho Servian Government has acted se if already in' tho service- of Austria. Tho nation whoso present prir jlegea havo cost Kassia BO dear shows in this caso, os ñi hoe shown in so many others, that it is cot fit to f piata itself and will no doubt soon fall under the ' yoke of Catholic Austria. Tba Bo arian gazettes, with the cole exception of tho German organ, tho Herold, agree in viewing with aa minty not unmixed with indignation tho proposed illianco between Auftria, Germany, and Italy. Taking lato w isideratiou the probability of Count Andrassy !¿ain p baying a ooospionous part in Austrian politics, ud ro- jnembering the ohauvtnistn of thia Minister, the tone 0 Vrcnica declares that if tho projected coalition be re alizod, the peace of tho whole European Continent *iH 'tang upon a hair. Tho Rom (organ of the Sla- we ophilesj has poured fortfi an nt bomas against the Ser- via o Government, and consecrates innumerable columns le pro» that tho yoke of tho unregenerate Turks tbem .ves would be a thousand times prcferablo for tho S jive to that of Jesuitic Austria. The sympathy for fie Metropolitan Michael pours forth from overy page, Pud it is proposed to otter this ill-used porsoaogo tho ¿(Wit of Metropolitan of Kieff, which is now vacant Th» programme which the limparor of Russia has traced ont for himself is being strictly followed. Effort* aro being m&do; for the moro practical applica- tion of tho reforms begun in tho last reign, especially tbosa concerning tho emancipated serfs. Though almost all the measures adopted aro little better than palliative?, still palliatives, may sometimes havo their utility. "What is undesirable is that within certain very itttrioted limita serions attempts ure sow being nudo .to Improve the present abnormal state of things. In Ibo Senate divers important ^uostions are being de hated, decisions ta'rtn, new laws mado; and io goncral tho Government is straining every nervo in laudable endeavours to establish some order in thochaotic realrae oE the interior. P.opre£eatativca of tho " Zemstvos " continue to ho conwood to givo their opinion upon curtain special questions, only tho Govern Wet takes caro to explain that tfaoy ¿re only invited nu experts and specialists, for fear this step Tîgot be wrongly interpreted, and give falso hopes to ti» nation. For tho moment, howevor, thia now importance given to tho Zcmstvos ma; ho tho awakening sad renovating of thom into something like tiring initiations, that might bc the saving ot tho country if .honest men could be induced to toko part in thom, ÀosUad of the very dregs (morally speaking) of tho mtioD. Alt Russia ia crying out at the présent tnoojfnt, "Giro us men!" meaning give ua some ono wo tia depend upon ; " givo us mon-that trill do thoir duty bj the people, «nd sot continuo to mako tho peasants 1 lbs unfortunate, viotims and scapegoats of the crimes et their eiders and buttern.'' Nothing can bo moro ^triage than all this. On ono hand tho cry for Jfcoaeat people, on the other thousands of bravo hearts, k)[ disinterested patriots, thirsting for action, but tfvualyaod by the surrounding cotdîtioao. Who «ill T>ut IQ end to this play at ero« purjXMM, to this gigantic rmitauderstaadíng between tho Government and tho people? «any-innnontiai people, at first exceedingly discon- tented with ill tho measures (akas, aro now by degrees 'soo¡og over to - consider tho interior politics of the Emperor ss perhaps th« wirest t'aat conld have been *4°Çlled Under tho nrí*-nt Antranrd ¡nary circuastanort, Tho young Tsar is gradually winning tho sympathy of a great part of tho nation. His firmness in walking , along tho path he has traced-full of peril for him j personally-cannot but command tho respect of those oven who do not share- his viowe. Ono of his greatest desires is that tho orthodox religion should bo main toioed.all over the ampiro in all its severity, and little hopo exists at the present moment of any privî ! loges or indulgence hoing extended to tho Itascolnisks, which oro nevertheless multiplying incessantly. Tho theatres, which wore opened during Lent, will this yoar be closed, and no representations oE »ny kind be sufTored to toko placo on Saturday evenings, or on tho ova of great feasts. These measures excite moro discontent than many moro important changes. Tko.permission to opes tho theatres during Lent was only ^conceded by tho late Emperor two years ago, and was considered as heralding mora important liberal reforms in tho Church. It is impossible to describe the mortification and disappointment of tho theatrical world ab .the removal of this privilege. Sermons aro 'now regularly preached, not only on Sundays, butj three times a week in different parts of the capital end all the religions ceremonies observed with n now zeal. There is no doubt that there is a great rolij-jiona foiling off among tho people, and perhaps thwei measures may contribute to do Gomo good. But in all Uiia thero is no serious spiritual rovival ; it ia nothing but» stricter observance of Ibo oxtorior forms of religion.; I do not wish to be understood ss intend- ing to say- anything against tho Greek Church aa a church. Ctn tho contrary, tho scrvico of the Greek Church'io,'peculiarly suited to tho Itutsian people. Tho pichrxes, the lights, tho rich costumes of the cl Argy, the singing of tho choristers, aot upon ¿tho imagination of the people, end dispose tbom/to prayer; but if to all tho exterior show wasy&ddcd; {a little homely, familiar teaching, a short sormoa, or' exhortation accessible to their child- like nàndaj there is no doubt tho effect would bo immense. Tho jfeormon not hoing obligatory, tho priest just ?:mumî)les tho prayers anyhow, in the Solavonian tonguo (wbi/:h the pooplo do not understand), and nothing rc mair'uLof tho hour spent ia church but confused idea? . of »tho divino truth, lost in a mazo of ths milder x .' i'ho two moat important questions for Russia, c on. si/ ¡cring tho critical «tato of her finances, still rer ]a¡a u-'aattended to. They aro-Erst, hor agricu)' lura| i* atorcsts; second, her commercial development. 7 ,j0 ¿ay I lotting of agriculture, which is in tho sanio pat/' ¡«chai t primitiveness it was a century ago, ono baa hui , to cast ono's eyes upon tho commercial world to soe t' it is , composed of people entirely incapnblo ol g? .vine the comtaorco of tho country any serious impel* -oe. " Tho i Russian morch&nts; oro almost all uncducr .ted people, I who bavo no scruples of conscience whate? .ta, and no idea that commerce is anything else but tr ,utual cheat-1 I ing. In the art of " taking people in,? the Hussion ' ; common merchant hos no rival in tho WT lt]¿. It ia no j exaggeration to say that an honest man .* ñ)l never make his fortuno by commerce, or even hr" ¿ daily bread. Snowing this fall well, tho educated^ University man, I instead of bringing his instruction inp' j tho noble arena . I of commerce, ivgards it with disdain, and If he cannot I become a functionary of tho Crown (' -.chinovnik), a pro- 1 fesser; a writer, or an advocate, retir ^ jnto his estates and lives on idlo lifo, burying tr' .iCnts which might regenerate his country. Commerc e, banking, and all such active pursuits aro left in' tho hands of stupid ignoramuses or of foroignew. .' Among the Kunian marchant» thero is no originality (0o genius, no spirit of initiative or of enterprise; the y trade os their fathers «nd grandfathers traded boíoi ^ them, cheating and deceiving as long as thoy car and then going to rock and ruin. Ono of the grca*' cost obstacles to tho com- mercial development of this * jountry would he removed if the intelligent part of the population w«ro to take to practical enterprise and nr ,t consider commerce aa de- grading. The celebrated/ Professor of tho St Potent burg University, the ch/ ,mist tfondcleeff, an original and independent mind,' aod entirely devoted to tho interests of hie countr* /, bas drawn upon himself tho indignation and conto? jpg 0f tho greater part of the educated public by,' speaking in thia sense, and inviting men of fort» .ao to place their capital upon the untold richea of tis ¡, country instead of in foreign banks. Tho Profe'jjor himself proposed to oct as pioneer in this grout, work, and placed Iiis time and talents at tho disposition of euoh persona who should interest tbomselvor ¿ j'n this question. Ho was hold up to publio scorn in iiubwor, advised te meddle with hü: own business, tl/ & «phew of a professor hoing science. For the Ilussiar ¿naciente is science, without any prw-j tical application. Theorise as much as yon pleasn'and talk,, preaob, /.each, but lwvo acting to the plebeian ;! Scionco ano* - practice hove bcon divorced, and. can but witb -fifticulty bo brought together as they are in moât ciô'ilîzod countrica. There is no doubt that besides puMra préjudice the Government is much-to blame in aííl .thi?. Tho dilficultios aud insufferable/for- malities-which are thrown systematically into the, way of every' innovation, of overy frosh and _ healthy^ idea, are moMo 60iue sf op* forward. The Govornmont,continuesito be blind la the most living interests of tho country. From, all th it ,'itrie easy enough to conclude that,', whatever may bo watten in foreign papers about tho new reforms, como lanced, and whatever importance nay be attached to them by persons who, not being acquainted váth all tho fina and outs of tho Russian Administration, are proi.o to judge from official accounts, it in,certain tho spir it of tho times hos not really changed,'and that alljnpw going on in tho Sonata is not likely to' havo any radppat or durable influence upon tho real iraprctfoment of? .'¿he peoplo'a condition and upon tho, adv«npnnent of tia; country. The immigration craostion is not yot settler"!, nor will it ibo for somo time;to come. De/aciotbe, movement oemtinucs unabated,, and a casual BpectMnr would bo castonishod to seo whole populations changing places ^rrithout any perceptible aim or purpose. All tb« i:ahabitanta of Russia iseem changed into, nomad triboa pouring from ono government to tho ot'aor, and princi- pally tending eastwards to Siberia. The abandoned districts meanwhile jrp to ruin for w?.nt of hands, and zhe whole country is becoming depopulated. There ia no .doubt that this roc moment properly organized might ¡ihavo been producUv o of much gooi'i, for tho giving up [ftho rich and fertile .possessions of the Crown to needy ^casants, who ornoo i got their eabfùstesce from their own ?bit of land, waa a htappy thonght ; but AS in this country ¡nothing can bc I immigration moví imont has lately taken greater dîmen ! Bions than oro triso or even safo, ami which may load to tho most dcphjrablo results. Th« Bottlers who arrive in" dosert and ".remoto regions without flay means of oxistence to .bogia with, withoat.tho necessary imple- ments 'for agriculture or for building, end by turning beggnrr or brigands, and by infesting tho land as snell. The.consmiftf iona may sit a long; time in tho Senate bcforetbíjy iv"¿nd a remedy to this ovil ; and it would bo wiíor to /toroid tho peasants to niovo until somothing can be of.-^anired. Xot^v ilhutanding tlio favourably harvests of this yoar and the f^reat quantity of grairc-garnored, we are con--i tînain^. to havo famine prices,siroh as havo hardly OTCT i been hr jard of boforo. Ryo brcatl'is 4 kopecks a pound, j instcai'l of li, tho normal .'price, and wheat broad 8-and j 0 kop eeks. Butter and milk havo bccemo luxuries j unattainable for most pcoplo; meal, dear os it] is, ii of on abominabto quality. The plague J continues upon tho eattlo with unabated violence. 1 Sagt tr hos also greatly risen is price. In tho j Government of Xlarkoti" tho beat plantations which j f urw'fii sugar to a great^part of Russia havo suffered FO j Bevan ¿y from tho carly' fronts as to bo almost entirely \ destroyed. The cold weather has begun all ovor Russia, j in tho south 50 dava sooner than tho avorngo time, and,] j in fae north 20 days sooner. Tho sudden and unes-3 poet td closing of thc navigation lias paralysed tho grain j mai.-ket. Tho last ship wont oiT from St. Petersburg 1 1 yesterday, nnd could hardly roach Crosstadt on account;] of the icc. Tho Volga f rozo in oas night, imprisoning 260 steam boats and barges loaded with groin. Thoro | moy still bo a thaw, for euch a severo frost at tbie timo. 1 i unusual. The poople find it quite natural that alli mrts of calamities should fall upon Russia in view of.1 (¡ho coming " end of tho world " expected on tho 11th ! :N_ovomher. Tho town Douma appoarti to besotnowhat coming out of its usual apathy. A little moro animation than, /usual seemed to por vado, tho last cessions, especially that jct yesterday, at which assisted Professor lïotkine (tho .celebrated Russian physician), and two othor professor*. rWhcther tho presenooof thew distinguished personages, '-who eat attonttva and BI'loni during the seance, j finfurcd somo little spark . of Ufo into tho.! /assembly, or whether tho Dooma is beginning 1 ¡to partake of tho general galvanic tendenoy to [ (activity of some kind now generally visible, tho fact la Itnat tho awsmhlv of westerdnv. rnnrinded one of such . assemblies iû °^ot cou&tr; M, Soveral imp ortnnt questions woro not only bro aúncd and discussed, bnt actually decided, on cvont al mwt uoprccodentcd( in tb« annuls of tbe St. Pstorsbut Douma, Tba principal of thees was tho taking of ^ direction ot tho hospitals from tho incapable- baud , 0f tho functionarioa»->f tho fqur(hsc£tionsndplaoiof . taesacitablishmentsujfclor.tho immediate superintendo ÛC0 0f tho town. Any fono ac- quainted with tboso dens, those abomtnahljb rtnte I chambers to tho gra f0( those uests of infec/iiosi, will , salute th« chango M ? QhQ d tho roost aaltfmryi forms that could bo mado, x do not bcliova lhattin/aU the 1 world thors osista ff Jcu an institution as tho W-bouhoO i Hospital in St. Pf teraburg, commonly called hy thc I poor people "Oho nhovka," which namo fo^ them u ? synonymous wit) t inevitable death, rt « oro quito usoless to atlomp' t a description of this placo, ( LS I ehoulc ! never bo believe*' j iad should ho taxed wifh exagge I ration. Tho I :ussiau people nil pay a tia of om ? IO'-IUO o year f or üio hospitals, to which in I aso of ill 1 ness thoy haw . a right to resort gratis. "What sort o' ' treatment an/' i food tho poor wretches gct^.o irotürn fo I this sum ax totted Crom them by all moana can hi i with dimcu ity imagined. Dut.out of ten:, five are no received in tho hospitals at all, and left Ho i dio in th ' streets. 7 ;ho St. Petersburg Douraa know; cill thia ful j woll, and' many and many a timo this quesriunoamelik I some unr lUjet ghost again and again before/ Its member indiffor >nt forms; but hitherto nothing Wi» been dom and thii . decisive step ot tho Douraa, has Y>c,pn hailed. U tho poa pie with pleasure and hope. I Tho admirable eollootion of Vereahit'gaan's pictur* I upon* aubjocls token from the last war w'ith./thoTurks now/ bûing sxbibited in Vienna, wh'ore.tbo great* syn* jsthy has bcou shown to tho'ajiiat-himsolf, m onl; f on thc port of tho public birt on that of tl E° iperor of Austria, who visitai tho/eihibitlon, ca pros in g his admiration at every Btop. Those pictures wo o' ihibited in St, PotMiburg two y«it*.ago: connoisseu I * .nay find that thoy are wanting in' finish and too hasti make- by their startling rcalifli'a is GO great that ono j can only feel and suffer, sot 'jritici&o; at tho Bight ofy them. .Yeroshagann's Indian pictures, on tho contrartjf;, ore minutely finished off ; nw tay of thom aro gems art.. "Tho bast were bought inf- St. Petersburg |/atri fabulous prices. J An admirable painting is now to bo soon hero ot f tho Academy of Arts. Tho author of it is tho Rusfian artist, liosholoff. It is a beautiful and touching gj/oup roprossnting tho burial of 'Christ by tho apostle«.and i holy wotnon. Tho conconfriotod anguish depictedlafwn ¡ tho faces of tho apoitlee a/j thoy gaze with uauxtBEible yearning upon tho earthly romains of thoir alastorJthe tearful oyes and swollen features of the women, pndV above all tho naturalness and "abandon" of ally the' I attitude«, givo the 'picture a. reality which ceases) I tho ga*cr to forget where ho is, and to/ EweJ I for a few mo/nents ' among that weeping throng. - If there is' a fault in tho composition-^ tarje ' i picture, it is that; tho painter has giren too mu>ih I attention to tho ¿/¿cessarivs, the dclightfal .landsco pe to the right rather tending to distract tho oyo from 1 ¡he I group in tho first; plan. This composition is desti oed to bocomo one 'of tho chief omamonts of tho ' sow church to be emited on tho spot whero tho blood of ¿tho Liberator of Russia was spilt. I In St. Petersburg now all b quiet, The r toblio aro kept In perfect ignorance of whatever m /y bo going on. However, though gazettes ni ay be forbidden a/jd niado short work of, it is morer difficult to cut tho wings of rumour, and rumou ; is pretty hiisy evcrywhoro, and laughs nt th- » police even in its'present perfoctcd stale It points p,t fresh secrot typographies and letters,-of menaces add reseed to I divers peisontgos. Yet nothing positivo is j known, and it is hardly probable that tho Nihilista wtl r attempt I any further manifestations nt tho present tao tarnt, for . supposing them to ho tho friands of tho poop jo as thev i pretend,; they must soe, if thoy have oat i grain of i common/senso, that their actions have gi' /en such a backward impulso to Russia as sho will pi jobably not I recovor for years. It is said they oro * now busy in the south, trying to excito tho peo plo in tho 1 villages, and to eacuurago them to ¡care i the ortho ! dor.thnrch, and even attack tho priests. ¿orno prisais I go about with arms under their robes. . Numerous arrests continuo to bo mada in all parts o' ; Russia, but nothing now comes to tho knowledge o f tho public through the newspapers, which are »tri- :tly forbidden to speak of tho Nihilist movrment. Tho nows of a quontity of dynamite having bcon found on thc steamor Vulcan.caused soma anxiety,; until t" ho explanation carno that tho dynsnuto'bclongud to tho t" St. Petersburg finn of Nobel and Co., who bravo a f: ictory of it in Germany, and who received that on bo ard tho Vulcan for mining expériences in tho south of .Russia. Tho new laws for tho'commerce-¿ of spirits and alcohol in Russia aro abnai to bo t ab milted to tho sanction of thc Emperor. Tho vice o f intoxication ha; taken during tho last few years such . development ai to render eomo sort of meosuro on ; tho port of thc Government indiipensahle. This r juastion has bees minutely diseusscd'in_ all its bran1 ¿hes, and tho best 'men in the country havD given thoi r timo and laboui to holp the Scnato to come t< i somo conclusion. It is difficult to imagine tho dilonuna ii which tho commission wos place- j without knowing all ¿ho circumstances-for in jtonca, tho dimr I notion in tho consumption ; md fabrication ol alcohol is in direct opposition to tho in tores ta of : thc State, tho rovenues of the Crown scorning in great[por! from that source. Another obstat lo is tho impossibility of limiting tho consumption of a; liiiU îu a climat* liki 1 that of tbs north of Russie, wbor s a small quantity ol vodka daily is absolutoly nocees »ry to keep tho bloc* from freezing. Policemen, el odge-drivors, doorniks who stay out all night in a tem] jcrsturo of from 10 t< 30 dogrses below zero during i several months, wooli parLth if thoy did not warm tho aisolvcs with a.glowo: vodka now and then. The measures about to bi taken exe and mutt necessarily bf t'in this case palliatives A sovcro control is to bo os tab! j shed over tho public housskeepon; the establishmc nts that now exist in such groat numbera (kabaks) a to to bo diminished bj half, and in tho villages and i vmoto country'hamJofc they are to be kept by societies, not individuals, so that there should bo no interest inv olved in tho selling ol spirits, and no possible profit & bo gained tliorob^ Jews are to bo occluded as kabak -kcopers, ThoTontba/ of spirits are strictly foi biddon to 'sell, OJ credit to tho peasants, or to accept., 'fron them in payment clothes , or other . objecta In many villages of tbo in tenor the peasant themselves have sued for tho anr lihilation of kabaks ii tbeir places os tho causo of niue h misery and,'crime These temporáneo villages will re coivo groat privileges and ho endowed with schools, sai jogs hanks, &c; Al this appears vory well on papor, 1 rut thero is not th slightest doubt thct the commor in spirits wifi b carried on surreptitiously am eng tho .Taws, am " Koulaks," and that it will bo im possible to prevent il Tho revenues of Lho State wilt bo . tfiaiimshed liy/nojlcs than 100 millions oí 6Ílver roubl oimually *\y "th adoption of the projected roforois, which will/give ai idea of tho number of public-ho uses now,*existing Tho cum paid to tho Crown for the « rights otjopemn; kabaks is but a trifle. Tho celebrated P.ussian novoliat, î lr. Tourj^onoff, hRs| lately bean ¡a London, where 3 ban \not wanigiven inj hie honour. It ia to be hoped the K nprli5h;\fciblic will; gradually begin to take eouio intenut i in Rusibn litera tare. So very fow work» hove os ye t boor&rawslatcd; into English, and yet there oro so many '.that&ould; offor ft real interest at the pr«oat;ciomcnt, w honcho oyoa of all Europe and America nro'.fixcd upon /iusïîx Here, on tho contrary, 0 vor j thing that appears'A little out of the common in England, America, France; 0 r/Gormanv ie immediately translated into i£u$6i'an. Tooti Russians aro admirable translators both for proco nnd"1 pul itry. Mrs. Barbara MacGahan's Russian tranalatinasA if tho later American writers (which now appear in ona of tho St. Petersburg weekly raagnzînos) nroMimp'ry works of art. Tho Xovaia Weiu'c is fortunato one jgh to have. Bocarod Mn. híacGahnn as 11 regular ct intspondont Ilor weekly totters from Xow York nroialwi »ya ospected with impatience by the road or» of that nov npsper. No crime takes place in Russia so frequently as that of bigamy, nor is more severely punished. This is the natural result of the almost com plete absence of the possibility of honourable divorce, as practised in Protestant countries. Many persons, bent upon bringing about some change in the divorce's*. laws, and rendering separation between man and wife possible where it is requisite for the good of both parties, have been working at projects of reform; but now the orthodox and conservative spirit of the head of the holy Synod, Mr. Pobedonosteff, renders all these efforts useless, and Russia continues to be the scene oft the most dreadful tragedies. The murder of wives by husbands, and vice versa, are so frequent as not even to cause the least impression upon the public. 