Local aal Genual News. The first and only meeting in the insolvent estate of Thomas James Pritchard, of Temora, miner, will be held in the Courthouse, Wagga, on Taosday, 10th December next. TitB New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Co. has received permission from the Minister of Mines to ringbark 0000 acres in the south-western »ngle of the Mandamah run. Mr. C. H. T. Pinhey, Inspector oi Public Accounts, has been engaged throughout the past week in investigating the books and vouchers at the local pnblic offices. Having finished his task on Monday lost, Mr. Pinhey took bis departure for Cootamundra yester day morning. The Government Gazette notifies that Rudolph Roxburgh Morrisset, Esq., Police Magistrate at Hill End, will exercise the powers conferred on police magistrates by the 2nd clause of ibe Clerk of Petty Sessions Act of 1857 for a period of one year at Morangorell as well as at Temora. An Aurora Australia was visible in the heavens on Friday and again on Monday night, and the magnetic disturbance, of which this phenomenon is a symptom is also manifested on the face of the snn, where one of the largest 'spots' ever seen has been observed by the Government Astronomer of Victoria. Mr. C. Hardy, the successful tenderer for the Public School building, arrived in town on Monday last, and after consulting with Mr. Swann, the teacher, the sites of the various buildings included in the- contract were decided upon, and other preliminary matters attended to preparatory to entering upon He execution of the work. Wtt may rest assured that now Partfonient has been prorogued, no time will be ro»t in starting the electioneering campaign. We have already received intimation that the Hon. James WaUon, and Messrs. W. J. YTataon and Gerald Spring will contest the two seats for the Young electorate, and that the first-named gentleman may be expected in tovn. befura the end of tlie mouth. ] V MrtSj%: James, C.E., »bc Government Hydraulic Engineer, returned to Temora on' Snnday from m loan^ey ito ^ijranji'jiuidjfaril- derie. Mr. James during his present stay in Temora will in all probability hand over the reservoir at the Ironb&rks; to the local Trustees appointed {or it, viz. : Messrs. Byrom, Boxhall, and Quinn. On Monday evening last we received a telegram from Mr. Abe Watson to tlie effect that 67 entrances had been received for the Pigeon Match, and that full particulars would reach ns by yesterday's mail. The telegram was at once posted at Tattersall's (Mr. BoxhalPs Queensland Hotel), but up to a late hour last night no further intelligence had reached us. Tint preparations for Friday next, the day on winch the Diggers' Ball is appointed to be held at Mr. Haydon's Assembly Hall are going on apace. Great efforts have been used to complete the alterations within the building, and equally strenuouB exertions arc Btill going on in other directions to secure the success of tbe undertaking. In order to meet tbe times the price of tickets have been lowered to 7s. 6d. and Ss. respectively, and may be anticipated. The police force of tbe colony, on the 30th September last, according to a return laid before Parliament by the Inspector-General, consisted of 8 superintendents, 6 inspectors, 22 sub-inspectors, 23 senior- sergeants, 30 sergeants, 132 eenunvconstebles, and 330 constables in the mounted force. The foot constabulary consists of 23 senior-sergeants, 36 sergeants, 72 senior-constables, and 544 constables. This makes .i total police force of 1244 men to keep order in a population of over three-quarters of a million. A siGKirtCANT announcement appears in a Sydney paper to the effect that all persons desiring to ubc gasoline or other gas pro ducing fluid for lighting purposes on insured premises must first receive the consent of the insurance companies in which they have insured their property, such consent to be notified by special endorsement on the policy. As the clean character of the lighting by gasoline, together with its cheapness, is gra dually bringing its use into favour, it would be as well if persons wishing to introduce it on their premises would bear this warning' in mind, Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s tender by two or four horse coach for thirteen lines on the Western roads, six lines on the Southern roads, aud four lines on tbe Northern, at £9925 per annum for three ysars, has been accepted, this offer being cheaper than the lowest separate tenders received for each of tbe lines, comprised in the contract. One of the conditions attached to tbe contract is the eventual acceleration of sneed on the Tarn worth -Warialda line. Would some good fairy had stood by the Postmaster- general's side, and whispered him about tbe funereal pace of the Tomora- Cootamuudra coaches 1 Afteii a whole week of very exhausting and close heat, during which the thermo meter frequently ranged as high as 98°, a thunderstorm burst over the town on Sunday last, which, if it did not moderate the tem perature to any great extent, at any rate served to clear it aud to lay the irritating dust which previous to it enveloped the town at the slightest breeze.. The accom panying rainfall, though of short duration, was the heaviest yet experienced since the discovery of the goldfield, and added 81 points to the total. The sky remained clouded till a late hour of the night, but no further rain fell. Since then tlie nights and mornings have been cool' and bracing, but the heat in tbe middle of the day quite reached the standard of the previous week. Yesterday the weather was characterized by strong ipists of wind from the north and north-west with the usual accompaniment of irritating clouds of dust. The sky throughout tlie day was more or less obscured by heavy-looking clouds, which, whenever a lull in the wind permitted it, discharged some of the moisture in passing showers, but towards evening very heavy ruin set in, which lasted till we went to press. Our readers may remember that, when some three months ago the development of tne mining disputes men raging at upper Temora led to the blocking up of the mail road to Cootamundra, the Progress Con mittee obtained tho consent of the Boads Department to' the expenditure of a sum of £50 in repairs to tlie worst places on the roadway used by the traffic This sum of money was eventually placed in the Warden's hands, bnt by that time the Committee had discovered that in attending to the matter it 'was apt to interfere with the prior rights of miners holding possession of the ground, and no farther steps were taken to utilise the money referred to, until at the hut meeting of tbe Progress Committee it was suggested that an application be made to tlie Hon, James Watson, M.L.A., for permission to use it in opening a temporary track for the traffic along the recently surveyed road to Barmedman. A telegraphic message con veyiug this request was despatched by Mr. F. Mickey, the Secretary to the Committee, on Friday last, and with exemplary prompt ness a favourable reply, authorizing the ex* penditum in tiie direction indicated, was received from: the Hon. James Watson- o» the following day. The attendance at the concert in aid of tne Church of England Building Fund on Monday evening last was all that the promoters could desire, and the house war comfortably filled in all parts by a sympathetic audience, who generously seconded1 (he efforts of the amateur per formers. The entertainment consisted of three parts, the first two eonsuting of instrn - mental pieces by Mrs. Bootes, Miss Detores, Miss Simmons, and Mr. Sswbridge, glees by the whole strength of the company, solo aonga, duett, trios, by individual p»r fonnera, and two recitations by Mr. C. L. Kra-UH. The listof lady amatenrs com prised Mrs. Gray, Mrs, Bootes, Mrs, Mingan.J^.l^^^ina^Misses Victor, FJeckn'oe, Detorieg, and Lucas, while the gentlemen taking' part were Messrs. Bar nett, Woodi, JBailey, Heffernan, W. P. and C. E. De Boos, Appleton, and the brothers Ashton. The piano accompaniments were, with one or two exceptions when Miss Detores and Master Bailey officiated, played by Mrs. Bootes, a recent arrival in town, who took this opportunity of verifying all the anticipations which had been formed of her musical attainments from the reports of her previous achievements in Pftrkes, ftnd in a few instances the instrumental accompani ment was exected by Mr. Sawbridge, on the violoncello, Mr. Hurley on the ^riolin, and Mr. Hill on the piano. At the conclusion of the second part, tbe Rev. Mr. Gray re turned the thanks of himself and of tbe Church of England Committee to the audience for their generous response to the appeal mode to the public and to the per formers for their generous aid. In continuation the rev. gentleman in formed those present that in accordance with a desire expressed by his con gregation it became his duty in present ing Miss Evaline Detores with a mark of recognition in the form of a purse of 10 sovs. for her valuable services in playing the harmonium in Church for the past 18 months, which he now had much pleasure in handing to the young lady. Mr. F. Detores in a few sentences suitable to the occasion returned thanks for his daughter. The entertainment concluded with Hamlet's celebrated soliloquy by Mr. Iuglis followed by the closet scene in which Mr. Inglis as Hamlet, Miss Beatrice Lister as Queen, Mr. W. F. Appleton as Polonius, and Mr. R. Appleford as the Ghost took part. The Temora Brass Band was also in attendance, and deserves special mention for the pro ficiency attained by the members during their short course of tuition. The financial success of the concert which we are given to understand brought in from £35 to £40 must be very flattering to both the per formers, as well as the ladier who at great sacrifice of time and trouble had undertaken the task of ' working up ' the concert, and amongst these latter we have reason to believe that the Misses Langford and Williams come in for the greater portion of the meed of praise due for their indefatigable exertions in the cnuse. 