HINTS ON ETIQUETTE. ' EXCUSE me, gentlemen !' said a young lady, entering our sanctum, * but wbioh one of you ia tbe societg^editor 1' ' We don't*xeep one on this paper, Miss," said a horse critic, ' but the whale gang take a crack at that style of journalistic labour once in a while. Is there anything we can do for you!' ' I waa going to ask,' said the girl, ' if it would be too much trouble for you to give me some hints as to the proper way to receive gueBta at a wedding, how the supper should be served, and so forth !' ' Von want to know what ia en riggle and rechercby, as the French say ?' remarked the horse mao. ' We can give you the correct pointer. Are you the bluehing bride V 'Yes, sir,' said the girl in a rather weak voice ; ' that is-' ' Oh, I understand !' said the horse editor. ' I appreciate your feelings. I was once young and bashful myself. Now, about this wedding; the receiving part is easy. After the nuptial ceremony is concluded, yon and Mike-'. ' But his name isn't Mike 1' said the young lady : ' his name is-' 'Oh ! I know all about that.' said the equine journalist. 'Of course his name is Adelbert, or Reginald, or some other dry goods clerk nonsense, but in giving advice we always allude to the sucker as Mike, and call the bride Hannah, It eaves time. Now, after you sud Mike are married, you want to jog along home and plant yourself at the back end of the parlour. Better have a floral bell, or something like that, to stand under, because it ia considered the correct thing, and makes a better toot ensemble, as the French say. Then the guests they get in line, and go by you in a slow walk-a kind of we-buried- him-Badly-at>deed-of-night clip and you shake hands with each one and say " Thanks," awfully, and they look at yon and Mike as if you were a couple of prize cattle, and feel sorry for you.' ' And the supper Y said the young lady. ' Ob, yes ; the supper I Well, at some weddings they feed in the dining room, and at others each guest sits on a chair and hos his lunch brought to him. Now, I always advise the use of chopped feed at weddings-bring on tho ham and sandwiches, and ice creams at the same time. They can't eat the sand- wiches first you know, because if they do the cream will melt, and if they throw in the cream to start with, the sandwiches will act like Banquo's ghost-"they will not get down !" ' And the horse reporter winked vigorously at the dramatio critic in order to attract the attention of that person to his able joke. But the critio was trying to smoke a cigar that the advance agent of the Whale bad given him, ând he did not look. 'Of course,' continued the biographer of Gold- smith's Maid, ' it would be better if yon could give each guest a box stall and throw : the feed in early in the evening, but this ia not often practicable, so yon had better keep on the old racket !' ' I am sure I am very thankful, sir, for the interest you have taken in this matter,'said the girl, "and I shall follow your advice. Which is the way downstairs, please ?' 'There: are two ways,' replied the horse reporter, ' yon can jump down the hatchway or take the stairs. Our elevator never runs.' Americian Paper. A VAN with a small salary and a large family says if pride goes before a fall he would like to see pride start on a little ahead of the prioe of ooal and provisions. Too much polish unfits a person for the rough duties of common life. A working woman of Philadelphia recently killed herself by drinking furniture polish. PROBABLY the finest exhibition of human courage that is ever witnessed can be seen by interviewing the passengers of a western rail- road train half an hour after the robbers are gone. JOSH BILLINGS thus explains the difference between the words " mistake" and " blunder." If a man puts down a poor umbrella and picks np a good one, it is a mistake ; if he puts down a good umbrella and picks up a poor one, it is a blunder. A MILLER fell asleep in bis mill, and bent forward till his hair got caught in some machinery, and almost a handful was pulled out. Of conree it awakened him. His first bewildered exclamation WBB, " Hang it, wife, what's the matter now T" AN Americian street-car horse shot ont with his heels the other day, and hit the driver with one and the cash-box with the other, and an investigation showed that he had kicked six dollars into the driver's over- coat pocket. Such wonderful sagacity on the part of the horse caused the discharge of the driver. MRS. E. A. E. Bell, of Paineville, Ohio, 72 years of age, who hae lived with Mr. Bell in the bonds of holy matrimony for over half a century, has now appiied for a divorce on the ground of incompatibility of temper. One would have thought that Mrs. Bell would havo found out the iucompatability before now. MIDMAY has never been in the habit of punishing his children, leaving that disagree- able duty to his wife ; but the other day one of his numerous progeny became very unruly sud he was obliged to say, "Flora, if you don't keep quiet, I shall be obliged to whip you." " Pooh t" retorted the little three year-old, with a contemptuous toss of her dainty head, " You ain't the mo thor." HE was a man of considerable wit. During thc Franco-Prussian war he waa much annoyed hy the stupidity of a country sub- editor with whom he had to do business, and he determined to play him a trick. So late one evening, when he knew nobody clso would be handy to keep the obtuse one from making a bluuder, he telegraphed through to him, " The Prussians have taken umbrage." The sub-editor, glad of a piece of news, however late, came out with large bills and headings, "Capture of Umbrage hy the Prussians." He never bothered the contributor any more. SOME days eince the traina of tbe North London Railway were all out late, and con- sequently et'ery plaitform was crowded. At one of the stations au importunate passenger attempted to enter an already over-crowded first- compartment, but one of the occupants stoutly resisted tbe intrusion. Thereupon the importunate one said, " I will soon settle this," and called the gnard to the carriage door. He then requested the ofiioial to ask two of the occupants to produce their tickets which proved to be third-olaea ones. In spite of the delinquents protesting that there was no room in the train elsewhere, they were ejsoted, and the importunate one tonk their place. The other passengers were naturally rather indignant ; and, seeing this, tbe snesesafnl intruder said, " I am very sorry to lave bad to turn those two gentlemen out, especially as I heard them ssy they were already late for an important on¿agement in the City ; and I am all the more sorry, seeing that I only hold tfbira-tUii ticket myself." 