ITEMS OF NEWS. : Both Houses of Parliamont met last night for short sittings. The Council, after a few formal notices, adjourned Mil Tuesday noxt. ' Immedi ately on tho Sneaker takinir tlie cliair in tho' As- qombly the Premier moved the adjournment of tho Houqe, put of respect to the memory of the Hon. R.'Itamaay, who died yesterday' morning after a short illness. Members on both sides of the Houqe spoke in terms of eulogy respecting tlie deceased gentleman, and ' the House ad journed tiU to-morrow. : - \- Tlie. Volunteer Rifles and Cavalry will proceed' liy train this morning to Sandhurst for a review to be hold there of the Mount Aloxandor - bat talion;' i The Mal4qn and Baringhup Coursing Club expect tq liaye a fine day's sport pext VVodnes- day. .They, purpose, being early at it, as they rjieot atBariiigiuipat 8 o'ejockin the moinihg.A; l Last night rain fell abundantly, "and tho skies ;hetokeqed a ebntirLuanoe of it, .or' at least prq- sCnted a doubtful "outlook '_ for the" lioliday- ijiakers who want to go merry-making pn Queen's 'Birthday, , ; ' 1 : ; The L 0. Recliabites of Ohewton will liavo a tpa meeting and" concert hi the Oddfellows' Hall tfiis evening. Besides Vocal and instrumental music tliefe frill be' addresses delivered in qoii-' riectioh iyith.the objects of the order. . ' i At the riflp match fired at Maldon on Satur-; day, between the Maldon Rifles and the- En-: gineers, the former made a score of 856, not C5p ai reported, and thus gained tho match by 108 ppints. '. ... ; .T ,.;v....'-.-.. — j Tlie Fire Brigade loft fqr Melbourne yesterday by train. Qver 100. nion belonging to tlie, fire brigades of Maiybprougli, .Duiujlly,. .'and St. . Arnaud, aqconipanied by. bands, arrived by the' midday train, - and; started for Melbourne at 1 o'clock. v - A great 'iinprovomont; lias .boon made by cut ting tlio creek" at the rear of the railway station. A| new bridge, wide enough to' "admit qf: convoy-, ances passing, has boen constructed, to which tljere are good : approaches frqih Gingell-street, and tlie old creek channel being fillod in there is npw a briiad thoroughfare where before the road was narrow' and not very safe for travelling with a | fractious horse.' , ' / - At tho Police .Court" yesterday before Mr Cramer, J.P., ; John Laity was summoned for allowingthreepigs to wander in Hnrgreave- street. The defendant stated lie was not aware his pigs :were wandering or doing any harm. : Sergeant Aoton found 'tlio pigs in the street, and they had done a lot of damage, rooting about at sqvoral planes. Tlioy were over 8 weeks' old| apd were at that 'age mischievous. . Defendant .was fined 3s with 2s Cd costs. ; - r ; Tlie Fryei-s District Cricket Club held a meet iug to wind up the season on Saturday o'vehing,. when it was found the funds were'iri" a flourish iiig condition. The presentation of the trophies took place, when Mr W.- Clark, got the trophy for the best batting average'; Mr ":E. 'W. ,P, Rowe, for tlie best bowling average j and Mr; J. Rowo was presented with a pa'r ofi-bbst logr' guards for having the -highest average for" botli batting and bowling.- Ho was excluded from epmpeting, as he was considered to be too " good a bat and had won several trophies before. The 81-82 season was brought to a pleasant close. : , The annual Queen's Birthday sports tq be held at Hareourt should be worth seeing. Tlioy coiri- menco a! 1 o'clock this afternoon, and should terminate at 5 o'clock, but there will bo'iu addi tion a ball and concert in tlie evening." There are 14 events on the programme, consisting of races for men and boys, vaulting, tilting, and the like. The principal prizes are to be given for the Hareourt Queen's Birthday Handicap, tlio first prize being L3 3s and a silver cup valued at L5 5s," the second prize LI Is, iiiid tlie third 15s." The drive to Hareourt being a pleasant ono from' Castleinaine, there should be many visitors from tlie town who should find an extra inducement in the sports, the principal events for which have numerous competitors ontered. : The following are the results of the diamohd- . drill work ; done during last week The yNo.; 6 drill at tliqj Hepburn Estate, bored 20ft. vlOfin., reaching a tpial depth of 310ft. 2Jin. Only stiff clay lias been passed through. !; One diamond was lost. .The No. 4 drill at Clover-hill bored 45ft. 3 Ain., reaching a total depth of 73ft. 94iii. Tough honeycomb rock alone was encountered. The No. 4 siiig.ll drill at Long Gully, Sandhurst, bpred 75ft.: lin. reaoliiiig a total depth of 202ft. 6iri. The strata passed through consisted, of slate and sandstone. : Tho No. 3 small drill, working at the Eaglehawk Company's lease at Maldon, bored 42ft. 2iu., reaching a total depth of 266ft. 4in. Two diamonds . were fractured. The manager reports' that the meMm<ifplile''riick met with is' the hardest ho - has over . seen. : The best tempered steel bits'; and powder, liavo !no effect upon it; ' ; : 'V-': ' " ' |A most pleasant Jiour .qas , spent . by. tlie in, iqates of the' Benevolent 'Asylum yesterday' af-' tqmoon, when tho children of' Mr' Btohells' State school assembled to the number of about 80,_under the direction of Miss'Binns,' and ren1 dpred several songs, clioruses.-and I'ecitations in a most effective manner. The choruses, " Come ajvay," and." Up the mbupitairi," were given in good stylo.-v The .'selections - from ; Binanire evi-. dqntly pleased tho old folk, , as was seen by their applauso. ; Sqng and , chorus j' Chiming bells," was sweetly rendered ;by Miss Baker, assisted by Miss Corbet and 1 company.- "God bless -the Brince of Wales" was -rendered with spirit.' by Mesdames, Haines and Butler, - assisted by the . chorus. Several other numbers wore also given 'in a stylo .that plgmly shpiye tl\p. eare.and at; tdntion of- their conductressj Miss -Binns; Masters C. and F. Bickley and Ross also gave some readings and- recitations in a - fair manner. Tlie concert; concluded i 'with the National - Ari- tliem, in which old and: young joined most loyally. Mr Baker, in a few well -chosen re- !fijarks, proposkl a . vote of tlianks to tbe: ohair- iqan (Mr Crow) to Miss Binus, Mr Etchoils and tno children, and expressed on behalf- of tho in- njates, the ploosure they had received, " and wished soon to" see them again. Tho nioribn was seconded by Mr Craig and carried by acclama tion. - ' ' " !- " 1 Mr H. do Castolla, of tlio firm De Costella and Rowan, vinegrowors, at Yeering (Upper Yorrn,) who wore the recipients of tho Emperor of Gormany's special prize in connection witli the Iqte International Exhibition, fur the most mori- torious exhibit, paid yesterday a flying visit to Oastleinaiue to inspect some of tlio local vine yards and to taste thoir produce, as lie intends to compile somo satisfies and reports for tho Bor deaux International Wine Exhibition, which is to bo opened on the 1st June, concerning tho importance and adaptability of Victoria as a wine producing country. Mr Castolla visitod tho vineyards of MrE. Fitzgorald and Mossra Burg- dorf Bros., and was highly pleased with thoir condition, cultivation and produce. As tho timo was too short for him to drive to Mr E. Schroo- der's vineyard at Chinaman's Creek, ho had to content himself in tasting the various wines of this vineyard at Mr E. Sohroodor's Castlomaino depot. It may bo interesting to know that Mr E. Fitzgorald has not sold a drop of wine since lie. became the purohaser of the vineyard on Nor wood hill, and that he has at present the pro- duce of soven vintages in his cellar. Those \yines ; are of such a promising character that when once ; introduced to tho publip, they will no douht bo- cqiqp as colobratecl and sought after as tho pro- duco of his various broworios. On Monday two miners, in tho No. 6 South Lady Mary Company's claim at Gyinpie, namod John Campbell and Lowis Britohard, fell from the lovol to tho bottom of the shnft, a distanco of 160 foot. They wero blown to pieces by a shot they had just previously lighted. Thomas Bourke and party, adjoining Foster's claim, Lower Temora, while working a shallow bottom on the lino where Foster and party got a 123 oz. nugget, obtained on Monday, "while young Bourko was picking in tlio drive ' a hand- j some nugget, which weighed 874 oz, j On Sunday morning at twenty-seven minutes pqst eleven a distinct 'shock of earthquako was experienced at Bright. A loud and distinct ! noise, resbinbling that of distant thunder, lasting for fully three-quarters of a minute, was heard> :the earth itself shaking tremendously and vibrating twico. Credence has been givon to the above by all who felt the shock, and the day being exceedingly fine, not a cloud' being visible in tlie clear blue sky, seems to make it less dpubtful that the shock felt was none other than the shock of on earthquake. ' Sir Bryan O'Loghlon has received Colonel Hutton's report on (he proposed re-organisation of the Volunteer force. The document lias not yet been handed to the press for publication, but it is. understood that tho comrpandript recom mends the ostablishmont of a partially-paid militia 2000 strong, .the larger portion of the body to be raised in Melbourne and the ro- maipdor in Ballgrnt, Sandhurst, and Castle- mdino. The cavalry aud certain up- country volunteor corps are to be continued as they are. Mr OroupVa Myora Station, near the border ' of i -South Australia, : lias been sold, with 243 acres' of purchased and 1811 acres - of leased land,' : with 4000 sheep, at 35s Gd; per acre, for the purchased land and 5s per hegd for the 'sjipep.-; : The statipn kpown as Fortlaud Downs,: situated in the MHohell district :; of (Queensland, ;epinprising in all . an area of 552 square miles, togetlier with 130,836 sheep, 50 cattle, -i00 horses, plant, stores, &c.;, was 'also sold; for- -a lump sum of Li88,000, Mr John Govett being the purchaser. A quarryman, named John Butler, who. works at the Redan, . brought to this (Star) olficb on Monday evening an insect, apparently rof 'the tarantula class, 'found by lum on Saturday -fore noon in a solid block of bluestoue at the quarry. Witli regard to tiro size of the block of stone in which the recluse dwelt,--Mr Butler states' tlrat' it was 7 feet 6 inchos long -by. 5 -"feet wide, and 4 feet 6 inches deep! Tho insect, which was found iii a siiiall cell in " the stone, was ,aliYP. .when cap tured) but died after about a quartor;pf an hour's exposure tq tho airi , y ; ' j The R.M:S.S., Carthage, with 'tho usual fort nightly, mails, left the railway ; pier, VVilliams- sto'wn, yesterday morning,' for Adelaide, on route to Galle and London. The Carthage took a fair complement of passengers and cargo, and a quan tity of treasure from here as rwell as from Syd ney.; The following are; the' gold nhd specie -shipments per the Carthage :-Gold.— :Bank of Victoria,; 13,060 oz 13 dwt 18 gr ; Union Bank, 10,024 oz 11 dwts 7 gr ; Oriental Bank, 3,661 oz 12d\vt ; Ubinptpir d'Eseompte de Paris, 6,484 oz .1 dw't.16 gr.Tp.tal,' 36,8i0oz 18 dwt 17gr. Specie. — Comptoir d'Escoinpte de Paris, 15,000 sovs Oriental Bank, 40,000 sovs. Total, L55,000. Total value of the sliipments of gold and specie, L204,758 lps 6d. : . The' authorities; of the ,;Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, says the'Star, appear to bo in a dilti- bulty withiregard- to the maintenance of tho Chinese in'' the;.'. institution; as the amount ro- dqiyodfronv the Chinese genorally for the year is just 'a quarter .what, tho Oliiheqe inmates and out-door recipients' of ,relio£;cost,..aqd is (gradually, falling off. At .the comhiitteo meeting on Mon day night tho president stated that ho lied inter viewee. the Chinese in Ballarat,., and. .that they had Stated their willingness to.'sjibspribe," and de fray as far. as possible "the eosts' for 'tlio main tenance of their unfortunato countrymen in the ihstitlitidh.; It ha4 been estimated for thp year 1881 that' the' coBt of ; maintaining the Chinese iniiiates i and out-door recipients of relief 'was L437, and- the'total amount of eubsoriptions re ceived only L60. , . , . . , The biter biti— Some time ago; states the Star, a party of mining speculators sent one of their numbor to a distant mining locality to re port on theprpspects of a mine;: which' Avas then in tlie market for Bale, iiiid advise .whether it was worth buying; He went and sa w the mine, and felt satisfied that it, was good ; in short lio thought it so -'good! that., lie bought it— for him self, leaving his niate3 out in the cold. In high gloo,: owing to having succeeded in a smart tran saction, and knowing that he had only atrictly followed out the text of " Do unto others " as applied to; mining business, he proceeded to Melbourne, and sent up mining machineiy to the value of about. L2000, to be erected oq the claim. Everything went well, but the mine turned ouWa duffer, and he was ruined. This anecdote' is hot a fabrication. - The following touching paragraph is frp'qi the Daylesford: Advocate of Saturday The old couple named Close who have for a considerable time occupied the hut on the Dry Diggings road have bpenrempyed never to return again. Some., little time ago, the old man was taken to the lunatic osyluni, liis intellect having given way. :Hp wqs over eighty ypars of age, and; in tho ; parting'" scone between tlie' two at the railway station it was.: difficult to, say which was the most touching,- tho' settip'g off qf the old gentle- nian.to a living grave," or thp grief of the old wife 'at parting from; one with whom she had spent a very, long life. ;;Mrs .Oloso- returned homo," but/only to remain there a .few days lunger, for last week she became so ill as to ne cessitate her removal to the hospital, lyhere she :ended he'r. daysmen Tliursday. The Wirrabaia Garden Company, Laura, S. A. hayo just sent, down 3, 000 young orange trees to 0110 nure'erymah in' Adelaide; ; Tlio result of the " Oldb Ehglishe E\iyro," re- oontly. hold at Ballarat, to : raise fundslfor a mew Wosleyau Church is : the net sum of £1134 13s lid. j.: Returns have been, received , by tho. secretary "of tlie'Bible ih State Schools Society of Brisbane from 250 schools. The majority of the parents in favour of the Biblo being read in tho schools is stated to be moro than nine to one. Mr E. Bignoll, of Widgogowara, Wavrego, Queensland, has bought in Sydnoy, at a cost of upivards of £2000, a complete sot of boring ma chinery for tho purpose of testing tho water Bup- ply upon his run. I The sale of the Model Farm, it is anticipated, will be a very profitable transacting for tho Go vernment. Tho upset price is fixed at £1 per foot, but it is anticipated that £4 and even £5 per foot will be realised in many parts. It is believed that a total sum of £20,000 will bo ob tained by tho salo of tlie land. > A witness at tho Bourko Circuit Court a few days ago testified that, served out judiciously and carefully in small glassos, a hogshead of colonial boor should bo worth to thokeoporofabush hotel at least £60. On the merits of dark brandy lie was also oloquont, saying that, if it was anygood at all, it should take at least half its quantity of water before being retailod. The proprietors of tho Argus liavo determined to present a silver cup of tho value of 100 guineas to the grower of tlio best collective exhibit of Australian wines exhibited nt tho Bordeaux Ex hibition, to bo oponod noxt month. The com petition will bo open to tlio winegrowers of all the Australian colonies exhibiting at Bordeaux. It is proposed that tlio cup shall bo awardod by an international jury of oxports, to bo selected by tho chairman of tho English, French, Gormap, Austrian, Italian, and Spanish commissioners nssemblod at Bordeaux, On Sgnday the 'ppljco pade a raid upon a gambling den at Tepiora, but the peeupants of the plaoe decampod yritfi tlie exception of ono. A man namod Samuel Hamilton was fined £3 and costs for cruelty to a liorso at the Sand hurst Bolioo Court. The evidence showed that tho horse died of starvation. , Five publicans wore fined LI and 2s Gd costs each at the Sandhurst Bolico Court, on Monday, for neglecting to cut in two tho duty stamps on their beer barrels. Tlios. Bilsy, a married man, slipped off a raft near tho docks at South Brisbane on .Monday, and was drowned. Ho loaves a w'fo and two children. i . Tho Capitals of Rome informs its readers that j Mr Bradlaugh, who lias so pertinaciously strug gled for' the abolition of Barlianientary oatlis, is expected in Rome, to tako part in thp Congress ; of Freethinkers. . , The Government of West Australia has de spatched a detachment of tho police force to. tho Murchison and Gascoyno districts for the pro tection of the white settlers from native out rages, ' ' . ' ' The name Fonian is derived from " Fjnniap," tho Irish word for the federal militia which sup ported the authority of the head king of Ireland, as distinguished from that of the petty kings of the provinces; 1 : ' ' \ George Byrne, who was sentenced ip death for a criminal assault at Brisbane was executed at the gaol there on Monday morning. He was at tended to the last by the Rev. Mr Kildalil. : He admitted the justice of his sentence, nnd died easily. ' '! ' - | The representatives of the Independent 'Order of jtechabites in Victoria, who are , iic»w _ visiting New South Wales, have been. holdng: meptings during thp past week at Maitland, Neiyqastle, Biitliurst, aufi Penrith, where branojies; of . tho order have been established, i i Two ; Chinamen were' buried alive in a'claim near Tin'gha,' Now South Wales; -on Saturday. A'puni of, L50 'was offered; for tlie recovery qf lie bpdiqs, and six Europeans ; have started sinking a shaft - over the place where tlioy are buried.;,-,. . ... , , | The curator of the: estates of deceased: persons litis obtained rules: to', administer 'the estates of tha following deceased persons/ under the acts Nos. 230 and 427 :— John Scull, Maldon, L36 ils Gd ; William Barr, Limestpne Creek, parish M Yandoit. LpO j jbhu.Browhi Nnrnibopl, near Elaipe, L36 18s 3d.: . . ., j The .; following.: dividends : were . declared at Ballarat on Saturday :— Band of Hope No. 4, >l8- 6d per share, L000 j Endeavour, - 2s per share LIDIO p Hepburn Hoipe.Paddock,' 2s per ' share, L1800 j South Clunos, ' 5s per share;; Lone Hand, 3s per share ; Smith's Freehold, 5d per share) ' L500 j' Serjeant's, Is per.- share, L750 ; Hgertqn,;4s per share. 4 . . An., alarming, accident took, place at' Bruns wick on'Monday - afternoon. A horse yoked in an- empty hay "dray, took fright near tlie Re- treat-Hotel, and ran over three little children in a pebanib'ulatpr. belonging to Mr O'Connor, of the Duke qf Edinburgh , Hotel. One1 of the joluldrep ligd a leg brokon, another had its head seriptjsly cut, "while the other was not much ihprk ' 1 According to tlie Independent on Saturday last a father unusual sight was witnessed in Sand hurst in what plight bo called a " coekatoo-inor- bhant." This enterprising individual is from jDehiljqujn where lie has been employed netting Ithesq feafhery denizens of tho plains, and is now jhawliing them round on a spring cart piled up '-wijjh cages in wliich altogether inust be 150 birds. It ivqs evident, that his occupation was none of the lightest, his hands being literally covered with .bites sustained during his expedition among the cockatoos. 1 , A highly ingenious method of arriving at an estinjatq of the 'numbers qf children wlio succeed in eygpliup: the ppmpulsory byeiiaws of the School Bqardligs been adopted by thp Ragged School Union pf Liverpool. A band of inusjc was hired to play for tivo fiours a day during -school hours in different parts qf.the city, and' a-, record was kept of all 'the juveniles who were attracted by; the musio. - Ih four days they counted no fewer hah 302Q children of ' sohool. age, ' for tlie most, part squalid and ill-fed, . standing . round ' the paiidnt g'line wlieii they ought to,hayp'beqn'"at ; ) ' . I A fatal accident occurred 011 Monday morning at '8 o'clock-nt - Mr John Barker's " farm", Carls- ruhe. Two men named Francis Bergin jind Joseph Barker, son of Mr John Barker ttere'eii giigod fellipg aTtrpe near tliehoipe'stoad-; Rergin an in a diffqrqpt directipii to . tliqt iii wliieii he udgod the, tree )VQuld fall, "but "oiie of the limbs jtruek him 'on the' head, fracturing his skull and killing him almost instantaneously. 1 Joseph parkor, whoistbod by the butt of th'o tree, es caped injury.-- -Deceased was a Nonvegian, up wards of 50 yeara of age. He had bqon a digger n the. Dunolly and Avoca districts: At the in quest a verdict of accidental death was returned. j A horrible talo is told by tho AVaikatO; Times : —".It appears '; that some time ago, a native ivomnll ffill'D llll'Ml fn <i ' nTiilil Iirliinii />P aakwa yv u 11 i11uu) wl wutoc) tvas claimed by the husband as his. There was gnother native, however, who was reputed to bo the father. of the child, and who, when the child yas born, claimed parentago. Between him and the husband a quarrel ensued as to the ownership, ijnd.iu the squabble each seized the unfortunate infant by a leg, and did not desist until they had succeedod'in pulling -it completely in halves. Tlio ijeinains of the child wore afterwards buried pri vately, arid the horriblo deed was kcop quiet un til Maori policemen succeeded in bringing it to ljght. There is also some talk about tho grand- fithor of the infant having shot himself on hear ing of the deed." ; 1 The special reportor of the Adelaide Observer, during his recent visit to the Government Gar dens at Palmorston, Northern Territory, noticed the almost total absence of those pests, the white a Jits. He says : — " Going through tho sugar acreage,' one naturally wants to know whore the white ants have been that the crop should bo so hpalthy. I closely examined each plot, and only iq a few cases wore there any signs of tho ants. Mr Holtzo has a wholesome contempt of them, and when you ask him whother ho thinks tlio littlo pests will be a considerable factor in tho pjanters' losses, you soo an indignant man. He opposes to tho ants arsenic and potash, and tlie common so-called remedy of carbolic acid ho im peaches with Teutonic warpith as ' nonsenso.' ' It is all very well for the first time, so long as tho smell is there,' I10 says, 1 but when it leaves, the ants are cooly walking over tho priwdor, aud taking it to whitewash their colls with. Now I djlute my arsenic and potash in hot >vater, aud tqke sugar and flour and inako a paste. Wlion- eyer I soo white ants I mako a hole and fill it with a spoonful of tho mixture. I never liavo the least trouble with them. Arsenic, ho points'out, ' is a never-ending poison. Tlio father ant takes it and dies ; his Bons affectionately eat liiin, and' they die ; thoir mother and sisters devour them, and all givo up tho ghost, and so destruction goos on for ever.' If this bo tho truo solution of the ant difficulty, it cortainly is a very inoxpensivo ono. Four years ago, in tl|o old gardons, lie bought half a cwt of arsenic ; half of that ho has still. With what lins gopo I10 has conquered tlio anta." The Brisbane Courier states that tho first regular marsupial battup by Mr H. Bracket's trained little army since tho presunt act came into operation took place in tlio end of last month 011 the margin of Warroo run, but although the shooting was immense, and fully up to that of former years, it was vory plain to boo that tho lato apt had dono its work woll, as only 2,000 kangaroos fell to the samp number of guns that used'. to account for thrice that number three years ago. Donovan still maintains his position as eraelc shot of tho party, his score in tho lato battue 'being almost incredible. Having boon served; jyith 200 cartridges, he returned 192 scalps and four cartridges only four out of 196 shots being unaccounted for ; 98 per cent of his shots thus proved offootive, but it was the opinion of an onlooker that ovory shot took effect although tho four carcasses wore not found at tho timo. An oyo witnoss describes his ooolnesa- and cortainty of aim as something remarkable Taking his stand beside a troo, he never at tempted to fire until lie mado certain of his aim at a deadly part, always behind tho ' shoulder" In a groat number of instances the kangaroos lipprqachod tlio guns in a straight lino. In such casos Donovan would coolly walk out a pace or' tiyo from his stand, throw up somo duBt with his foot to divert tho animal from its bee-line so as to got a broadside aim, and in another instant it was lying perfectly lifeless, 'shot, ' through tho heart. Six wild hone? and two dingoes also fell to the guns during the battue 