SPOUTING NEWS. V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING. THIRD DAY. Another broiling day the Inst of the V.R.C. Autumu Meeting proved to be, and it was not only hot for the public weatberwiae, but even hotter for thorn pockotwise, as, with the excep Cion of Sweet William in thejasfc race, every winner was an outsider, Colstoun in the Second Nursery Handicap; Hyacinth in the Newmarket; Commotion ia the Town Plate, bia owner having declared to win with Pell Hell; Allendcr in the All-Aged Stakes, Solitude starting at 3 to 1 and 7 to 2 on her; and-Twi*. light in the Steeplechase all proved regular skiuners for tho ring. Commotion in the Town Plate started to make the running for Pell Mell, but bis stable companion could never collar him', and ho .led - from almost the. start fco tbe finish. The Newmarket produced the largest field .of horses that ever started op an Australian course, and the Steeplechase was a really grand sight, nine 1 horses starting and only ohecomiog down. Twilight ran remarks ably well and won ns sho.liked. Tda attend ance was very fair about 6000 people and the Governor being; present. 1 ; The following are thdresalts of each event;?—V \- -v; Second Nubsert Hajidicap. ’ Mr A, K. Finlay's' b.c Coistoan, by King Cole— Indy Susan.’7s& (G.Uusford) ,v • .. ' Mr F. Wentworth's b f Vaacluse, by Rapid Bay— Cliyaoiito Qit lllb (Barton) .. .. .. 2 Mr X. Browno’s g c Saionara.tby Maribyrnong— • Sappho, Sit (Pigott) .. m 8 Sylvanus, Brilliant, King p£, the. Vale, .Scipio, Quatwyck, Granville, Jack in the Green, Gardenia, Loiterer, Nulquine, Treasure Trove also started. Betting—s 'to 2 agst Sylvamis,‘s to I.Treasure Trove and Saionara. A good start was effected Nulquine showing first to the front, followed closely by Colstoun, who'soon took the' lead; Sylvanus also close up.- At the abattoirs Yaucluse led, then came Jack in the Green,Loiterer, and Colstoun.■.’•At' tho turn Colstoun took the lead from Vaucluse, wbich.the latter could hot recover; Sylvanus made a grand effort iu/the straight, but ii was no good. Colstoun finlibing first,by two lengths, Vaucluse second, Saiouara a goou third, Nulquine fourth, Sylvanus fifth, Jack iu the Green sixth.-" Time, 1 min. 29? sec. Newmarket Handicap. Mr W, Pearson's br h Hyacinth, 5 yrs, 7st 6 lb (Trahan) • ..- .. .. 1 Mr H. Balnea's br h Kuclld, 5 yrs, 7at Jib (Wil liams) ... ..2 Mr J. WlnUiagham’s berbrh larpeot syrs,Sat Gib .. : .. ; .. .. .. • .. 3 Bathurst, Hesperian, Somerset, BirouVonMusl* ler. Mulatto, Sir Joseph, Josephine, Surrey, Ver. dure, Duugala ton, Totalisa tor, Tumult, Aureola, Giihild, The Gbost (late Salisbury), Yaletta, Gooreena, Result, Viking, Westbury, Timon, Tbe Drummer, Sweet William, Crcmorne, Venture, Struck Oil, Constellation, Elsinore, Tyropean, Gorinue, Spanish Lady, Game Cock, The Cockney, and Baalboc also started. Betting—4 to 1 Hesperian, 5 and 6 to 1 The Ghost, 100 to 8 Hyacinth, Although there was a large field, 37 horses stalling, they came away in a heap, Somerset appearing to get the best of the start; over the tan Sweet William and Lirpent appeared to the fore,; coming into the straight Surrey was leading; at the distance Hyacinth came under the whip, and was finally landed a winner by a length, Euclid second, Larpent a good third, Gamecock fourth. Time l min. 16A sec?. ... Town Plate. Mr 11. Phillipj* b o Commotion, 3 yrs (Bing) ~ 1 Mr C. Q. Bild-jck's br h Webiugion, 6 yrs (Batty) 2 Mr W. branch's b h I'r. g.ess, 4 yrs (Moore) .. 3 Salisbury, Darebiu, Curiolauus, Sweet Wil liam, Poll Mell, Santa Claus, and Bathurst also started. Betting—Even Pell Mell, 4 to 1 C luimotioa and Wellington, 5 to 1 Progress. Air Phillips declared to win with Pell Mell. Wellington went away with the best of the start, followed by Progress and Pell Mell iu tbe centre; coming into the straight the order was the same; passing tbe stand Commotion •was leading forcing the pace, followed by Santa Claus, Progress, Salisbury, Wellington,. Sweet William, Darebin, with Coriolanus last At the sheds Comm jtion increased his lead to about 10 lengths; at the back Commotion still led,-with Progress second, Wellington third. Coming up tho straight Commotion still led by lengths, Darebin second, Progress third, Wel lington fourth. Commotion was never collared, winning easily by four lengths, Wellington coming up under the whip just beating Pro gress for second place, Sweet William fourth, Santa Claus fifth, Darebin sixth. Time, 3 min. 34 sec. All- aged Stakes. Mr'J. Alorrlaua ns ch o Allan ier, 3 yrs (Sandora) 1 Mr K. do Meatco's br f Solitude, 2 yrs (Hales) .. 2 Mr W. Branch's b c Mistaken, 2 yis Albans) 3 Napper Tandy also started. Betting—3 to Xon Solitude, 5 and 6to I others. Only, four horses started in this race. Mistaken and Solitude leading, Napper being last. At the far turn Solitude, Allender, and Mistaken were together, Mapper Pander lying seven lengths bebiud the other three. This order was kept for a long rime. Turning in the straight' Mistaken began to fall back, anH Allander led Solitude, who was under the whip. The favorite could, however, never collar Allander, who won by four lengths from Solitude, Mistaken about a length behind. Time, 1 min. 46| sec. Steeplechase. Mr Jastinns br m Twi Ight, aged, list (Scobie) 1 Mr G enister*s bl m Lucy, aged, lOst 121b(M.Mnnes) 2. Mr O. F. Goydez's br m Chrysalis, aged, Oit 71b (Bit 7) .. .. .. .. .. 3 Himalaya, Great Western, Roebuck, Gazelle, Hieroglyph, and Skylark also started. Betting —6 to 4 Western, 4to I others. A good start, Great Western going away with the lead, with Chrysalis second, Skylark third. All got over the first jumps iu safety, Gazelle last. At the back Skylark was leading by about six lengths with Western second and Twilight third. At the jump by the abattoirs Twilight had taken the lead. Gazelle, who bad overtaken most of the field, coming down over the last jump. Twilight still leari, andGreat Western's bolt was shot, Twilight winning as she liked. Chrysalis second, Skylark a fair third, Great Western fourth. Time, 6 min. 52 sec. Handicap for Three and Four Year Olds. Messrs Skeno Bros, b m uudicss, 4 yrs, 7st (Hales) 1 Mr ‘Wentworth's b c Tho Drummer, 3 ys, 7st 51b(»ri!cy) ~ 2 Mr D S Wallace’s ch lx Waterloo, 4 yrs, Sst 21b (O’Brien) .. .. ~ ..3 . Chatterer, Mulatto, The Marchioness, Kohi* ioor, Result, Ween, Crystal, Elsinore, and Gloucester also started. Betting Even Duchess, 4 to 1 others. At the start Mulatto vent away with tho lead, closely followed by Slsiuoro, tho rest iu a heap. Mulatto kept the bad three quarters of the way round; The Drummer had taken second place at the abat toirs, Turning into the straight Hales called )n Duchess, and she without an effort came xway and won as she liked. The Drummer just leuting Waterloo for second place. Time, i min. 12£ sec. 