TURF GOSSIP. |By Teumpatob.J As far as X can learn, no books have yet been opened on the meeting to be held on the Old Course on Saturday and Monday. N either backers nor layers seem to be in the humour to deal until the course is reached. The V.R.C. Meeting is attracting some attention, and the" meeting of the cracks in the Champion Race is bouud to provoke a deal of 'enthusiasm. Navigator appears to be doing all that is required of him at Williamstown. True, no sensational gallops are credited to him, but these watch breaking spins in the early morning do not win races, and as long as he gets through a cood preparation Mr. Dc Mestre's black colt may be counted upon to make a big bid for the three-mile race on Monday. Commotion goes sore in his work, but this does not pre vent Morrison sending him along; and if we may judge by the tone of the market, the big son of Panic satisfies his own party. Darebin was beaten so decisively by Commotion in the Canterbury Plate that I cannot enter tain bis chance, It is reported that he will be better than when he ran in the spring, but 1 look upon this information as all bun kum. No one in Australia can, I imagine, teach Darebiu's late trainer anything about preparing a horse; and he had every oppor tunity of making himself thoroughly con versant with the horse's constitution. If he ever stays well it will be due to the improvement made by age in a big-framed overgrown horse, and not to any change in the mode of training him. Segenhoe will start it seems, and as he stayed respectably in the Cup he may run well, but I think that at least two in the race will heat bim. If a surprise is to be created Guesswork will probably be the author of it. But after his exhibitions in the spring I cannot staud the chesnut, and in any case all the performances of the pair go to show tl.at Navigator will always be in front of him when they meet on level terms. The colt's gallops are no better than those be did prior to Caulfield and the Cup meeting ; and white thinking that he can gallop any dis tance he chooses when in the humour, I am not a believer in his. ability to beat Navi gator and Commotion in the Champion Race next Monday. Between the last-named pair it is a near thing in public form. Either is good enough to win any weight-for-age race in the world, but as all precedents go to show that the three year-old has the best of the scale of weights, I shall stick to Navigator. After his creditable performance in Sydnoy on Boxing Day Warwick may be sent to Melbourne to oppose Narina in the Normanby Stakes. Having no penalty be may prove a very dangerous colt in the race. The victory of Bluc-and-White enhances the value of Middletnarcli's claims, and by the same argument St Lawrence gets a fillip through Duenna. The stable have always maintained that the daughter of Lecturer is no match for St. Lawrence, but public form does not confirm this view concerning the relative merits of the pair. In the Man bymong Plate the colt was nowhere, though he afterwards ran well in the Flying Stakes. The Normanby has often resulted in an upset of public form, and Narina may figure indifferently on this occasion; but on her Maribyrnong Plate running I shall not attempt to pick one to beat ber. The fielders appear to have had a disas trous time at Caulfield on Tuesday. Favourites were singularly successful, and as the races were won by men who bet heavily the mctallicians must have come up next day with very gloomy faces. Mr. Dakin had hadlnck in meeting such a "good thing" as Colstoun with Baron von Mueller in the Christmas Handicap. The consistent chesnut in the hands of Crackncll made a dead heat of it, but in the run off the old fellow was easily beaten. Probably one heat in a day was as much as the chesnnt cared about. The Ballarat party have at lost won a hurdle race with Lady Hampden, and as Corrigan landed the second event or the double with Bryan Q'Lynn, the stable must have thrown in for a good stake. They deserved a slice of luck with the mare, as she cost 703 guineas nearly a year ago, and this, was her first wiu since" the sale. Mr. Harvey, of Salisbury, will be pleased to see that the Ghost keep3 winning, and to Mr. Jordan the Bucce3s of Amelia Victoria will come as good news. Mr. Cleary, who can always" hold his own with country racing men, succeeded on Tuesday in winning the double at Terowie with Tempest. To beat Bar maid and Lady Melissa says nothing in his favour, but as long as his owner keeps him in the company he meets now, Tempest will pay his way, and he is a most efficient successor to Shamrock. Tancred woa the Hurdles, but we are in the dark as to whether Don Pedro was a starter. At Quorn old Freedom, who has done very little since Mr Pcgler parted with him, won the Handicap easily. The English mail brings news of the death of Julius. This horse was a well- known opponent of Achievement, Hermit, and Marksman, and as a four-year-old he was a Letter hoise than Hermit. Julius, however, is perhaps more familiar to racing men on account of his match agaiusl the Hying Lidy Elizabeth. Ho was sec to give the two-year old 9 lb. over a mile, and after a great race the youngster won by a head. As a sire Julius was not an absolute failure, but his record at the stud sinks into significance when compared with that of his old rival Hermit. In the Summer Cup, on Tuesday, the mysterious Gem emerged from his retirement, and paid for his two years' keep with haud some interest. The time for the mile and a. half was 2 min. 40sec., and as the colt carried 8 st. 2 lb. there can be no doubt about the great chance he possessed in the Melbourne Cup. Morpeth was a hot favourite, and he must have run right up to trial to get where he was. Nominations of mares for the Murrum bidgee Produce Stakes, 18S5-G, must bo made by January 0. The Derby of 1834 closes at the same day. Full particulars will be found in an advertisement on this page. 