SNAKE--CLHAR INGr -IN BARODA. The following story of snake charming has been sent to the Pall MallrGatte by a corre-. spondent.who is making a sketching; tour through some of the States of North-west. India: One morning I was strollingwith a friend in the verandah, whenwe saw a strange figure coming along the drive-a tallish man, in a scarlet turban, only, unlike the usual solid turban, it was wound serpent wise about his head; a kind of loose, flame-coloured shirt; a loin cloth, and the ordinary peaked shoe of the Easterns. Across his shoulders he carried a stout bamboo pole between oft. and 6ft. long, at either end of which hung two bags of coarse woven cloth, colored a less vivid flame color. As he came up to as we saw L. had long black hair, twisted up like a woman's, and secured at the left side by a heavy silver comb, whose back was chased in strange patterns, and shaped like a curve in a snake's body. In his ears were delicate ear. rings of silver, silver rings set with small green and red and white stones in flower-like shapes; on his forehead was the red mark of the Hndoo ; across the bridge of the nose, between the eyes, there was a black and scarlet'line drawn that looked likes fine silk riband, and aesimilar.riband ran from the outer corner of each eye to the temple. His face gave youthe impressilon-of his having been alive since the flood ; his eyes looked as if 'they could not shut; yet he had wrinkle, and was evidently young hands were beautifully shaped, with deli nails: his feet were strong and shapely My friend said, "This man will ai ho up to the verandah, and the play eila opened his baigs, sat down on his ha| sud ,roceded to anpack. The ba srgewriekeerorratherh1b lath hasket, and..nondescript bond? ma nycolored cloth. zThe latter cnntla, tin box fall of liveaFdlively scorpions; . necklaces, of strange, grey and red at.,; pieoes of rood supposed to be cures fore pion bites: round black substrnces ahbiniug bbuttons-these are snake st?,? if laid on a cobra bite are supposed to it. The baskets contained alsoa lerge apiece. He took oat the two cobras anPd' them on. the atone floornof the verandahk am not. quite sure if he showed us two cr o at ';rat, for. he has been here many t since. At any rate, he.took a cobr out, ,itaqirm about on.the floor; then he p duced, from his.baga weird pine, mlade gourd, and shapedsomething like a hal The lower, part below the belly, is pny with-holes, on which thefingers play . this p?ipe he.began the. most goblin rant t; .ever was heard ;the cobra ceased writ' about, and gradually raised itself anitan swelled., out itsthood, and, slowly warl a awful, head.to and fro in front of the no Suddenly the music made a wild, lea yell, -and was not;" the cobras head4 down, azd his-hood shrank into nothia:, - 'he :demon snake-man then remark: pointing'to a big-boy, aserrant of myf ? " will'bring-a cobra out of that be?'s a The boy had on a close-fitting, pork.pie 4 his--head was -shared, and the rest of a' clothing consisted-of a shirt. The man-ti tookhts pipe and begantowalk rounda boy ;then on a'sudden the air was rent tib melody-such:as might soothe the damnsla: whirled round-the-boy like a visible th~ but .the boy stood firm (not on the hbr 'deck).' Suddenly, again, the music topp: -and'the, man began to take off his dnprma He appeared -for a-moment au noetea , e -there wasn'tthe ghost of a snake ahbut hi He shook onbut l hisclothes--no snake wrapped'his loin cloth round him, and be. -iain -his:devil's dance and his soul.killi -pipe. 'ot once from'first to last did hear .pr6aih-lis'haiketa or the cobra which e sleeping in the sun. ' He came up to when sat, and took a small.paint rag of mine;:i put it on -the boy's head. and then shtk -out, andgave'it hacktome. (I told oatil -boy's cap fitted 'tight to his head, and i head was-shavedl). On-went the whirls yell, and,,as before, stopped suddenly writ heaven-a dineshriek. -He stepped p ,the boy,-and with his naked hand plucai out-where from ?-a great cobra, which flung straight at, me. The brute struck t on the shoulder, and went shuddering d;, my leg, where it -subsided on the gro:u bhising heavily. I-sat still and laughed. I laid the new cobra by the old one. pat bs in the basket, opened up all his clothes r baskets and- things-there were two cob: now, and -no more. Then-he took my pr rag, 'laid it down against a pillar of t verandah, and went through the same mus When the music was exhausted, he walk to the rag, and plucked out a third cobl which also greeted me in friendly-wi There -were three now, we saw them all : -my -friend said, "This won't do; he'll "the-place with snakes.' 