LATER ENGLISH NEWS. [PER AUSTRAL.! LONDON. Mav 26. Arrests on suspicion of complicity in the Phoenix Park assassination continue to be made in all parts of the country, but there is reAsnn t/i fear that the nernetrators of the crime will never be brought to justice. Ihe murders are being strongly denounced by the Roman Catholic hierarchy, and Cardinal McCabe, in replying to an address of welcome on his arrival in Ireland^ from Rome, characterised the crime as a hideous deed of blood, most wicked in its concep tion, brutal in its execution, and revolting in all its details. 'It ha3,' he added, 'bowed down the head of every true hearted Irishman with shame, and filled his heart with feelings almost approaching to despair for the future of the country. We have, however, the consolation of believing that the crime was not con cocted in Ireland, and of knowing that its commission has called from every class ot our fellow-countrymen an outburst ofbeartfelt reprobation. Ourunhappycountryhadalready laid to her charge many black agrarian crimes against life and property, but these could be traced back to the unholy promptings of vengeance for some real or imaginary wrong. In the case of the two gentlemen whose blood calls to-day to eternal justice no such provo cation can be alleged. Thpy wronged no man, they injured no man. Their sole crime seems to be that they were members of the Executive Government.' The Cardinal spoke strongly against secret Societies, and was well received. Cardinal Manning, in a letter to the Presidents and Branches of the Catholic Total Abstinence League of the Cross, says : — 'At the time when such deep and universal sorrow, both public and private, is upon England and Ire and, it ?would be ou^ of season for U3 to keep our joyful festival on Whit-Monday ; we will therefore post pone the annual procession to a future day.' The Government have granted to Miss Burke, the sister of the Under-Secretary, a pension of £400 a year, and Her Majesty has addressed to her the following letter :— ' Buckingham Palace, May 10. ' Dear Miss Burke— Though not personally ac quainted with you, I am anxious to express to you again in writing how deep and sincere my sympathy is with you in this hour of terrible affliction and be reavement, and how much I deplore the loss of one who had devoted his life to the service of his Sovereign and country so loyally, faithfully, and ably. It is impossible to express the horror which I, in common with the world at large, have ex perienced at the dreadful event of last Saturday ; and, while nothing can make up to you and poor Lady Frederick Cavendish the loss of a beloved brother and husband, the universal symnathv which is felt for you may, I hope, be soothing to you. Trusting that your health may not suffer, and pray ing that God may support you, ' Believe me, yours sincerely, ' Victoria.' The crisis in Egypt has been very acute, but it appears probable at the time of writ ing that it will pass without resort to arms. England, France, and Turkey are acting in accord, with the consent of the Great Powers generally, and half a dozen ironclads belong ing to English and French navies have arrived at Alexandria. Formally at least the Egyptian Ministry have made their snbmis sion to the Khedive, and there appears good reason for the belief that Arabi Pasha, the arch plotter, is rapidly losing popularity, even with the army, and if he loses military support his fall is inevitable.. The action of the ^British Government has been firm, and consistent throughout. Replying to a ques tion in the House of Lords, Earl Granville said that the objects and policy of the Ministry were the same as he described at the beginning of the session— the maintenance of the sovereign power of the Sultan, the position of the Khedive, the liberties of the Egyptian people as granted by the Sultan's firman, the prudent development of Egyptian institutions, and the observance of interna tional engagements. The other Powers of Europe had always admitted the prepon derating influence of England and of France in Egypt, and the Governments of the two countries had acted loyally together. The Marquis of Salisbury, in expressing some thing approaching to approval of the action of the Government, said it would be without effect unless it was well known that behind all the words uttered there was a possibility, nay, a certainty, of deeds. He earnestly trusted that no occasion might arise for solv ing the Egyptian difficulty by the sword ; but they could only escape that dread necessity by its Faing well understood that the sword was there ; and the sword, if it must be used, should be the sword of Turkey. The worst arrange ment that could be adopted would be using the sword of France, and any Minister would be deserving of the severest condemnation who gave permission for that alternative without taking the most stringent material guarantees for the interests of this country. Lord Lamington pointed out that seventy nine out of every hundred vessels which passed through the Suez Canal carried the Enelish flag, and, in order to maintain their way to India and the Australian colonies, it was necessary, he urged, if France would not move, that the Government should take in vlcpcndcnt action. Three or four disastrous fires occurred yes terday. Nearly half the village of Thom combe, Dorset, was destroyed, and the whole of the Continental Railway Pier at Queens borough— between which place and Flush ing, in Holland, there is an extensivepassen ger traffic and a large general traffic— was burnt, together with offices and a vessel lying alongside, the damage being estimated at £§0,000. In a village near Glasgow a fire occurred in a dwelling-house, and an aged woman and two crippled sisters were bmrnt to death. At a meeting of the Council of the Royal Colonial Institute the following gentlemen were elected fellows :— Mr. F. Helyar. late of New Zealand ; Rear- Admiral A. H. Hoakins, C.B.; Hon. John Johnston, M.L.C., New Zealand: Mr. Maurice Lyons, New South Wales ; Mr. Robert T. Watson, late of Mel bourne. The Secretary of State for War has selected Colonel Sir Andrew Clarke, R.E., K.C.M.G., to fill the important office of Inspector General of Fortifications. Colonel Clarke being at the same time promoted to the rank of a general officer. Sir Andrew served in New Zealand and Australia from 1847 to 1858, and rendered eminent services to the Governments of those colonies. Among the new Knights of the Order of St. Michael and St. George is Mr. John Hall, lately First Minister in New Zealand. A duel between M. Dreyfus, Private Secretary to M. Wilson (who iB said to be re sponsible for the articles in the Lanlenie against the Finance Department) and M. Valain, one of AI. Le'on Say's subordinates, came off recently near Meudon. Both com batants were wounded, but neither seriously. The Constantinople correspondent of the Daily News says:— 'The Sultan is furious with England and France, especially as he sees himself utterly unable to resist the decisions of Europe on the Egyptian ques tion. Great excitement still prevails at the Palace and the Porte, and certain naval pre parations—of slight importance, however, are being proceeded with. On May 23 Sir C. Dilke, being asked by Mr. G. Elliott what steps had been taken for the protection of the Suez Canal, declined to add anything to the statement already made that the subject had received the early atten tion of the Government. Sir W. Lawson having asked for what purposes the fleet had been sent to Alexandria, the Under-Secretary said it had gone to protect the lives and pro perties of British subjects, with the hope that its presence would help to maintain the status quo, the sovereignty of the Sultan, the position of the Khedive, the liberties of the Egyptian people, the development of their institutions, and the observance of inter national engagements. Sir W. Lawson asked, amid a good deal of laughter, whether force was to be employed to carry out any of these objects, but Sir C. Dilke declined to give any further answer. According to the latest official returns the emigration from Germany, which has been increasing for a long time past, has at last begun to show a slight decline. In April, 1882, the number who emigrated was 16,748, against 21,117 in April, 188L Up to May 1 this year the total number of emigrants amounted to 44,249, against 45,752 last ye&r.; The reports respecting the coronation of the Czar are very contradictory, and by the latest accounts the ceremony has been postponed to May, 1SS3, owing to the Russian Govern ment being unable to guarantee the safety of the Empeior. The Minister of the Imperial Court has been advised by the police of various ioreicn capitals that the Terrorist Party are plotting for an .attempt on the life of the Czar on the Coronation day, and it has been resolved to postpone the ceremony until 1883. A crisis is at hand between the Mormons and the Gentiles. The former haye in structed their leaders not to trade with the latter, and the Gentile merchants have eschewed all transactions with the Mormons, and have discharged all their emphy&i; who belong to the sect. Class feeling is becoming more and more bitter in the State of Utah, and the ladies of Ogden City who belong to the Episcopal Church have determined to present Mrs. Senator Edmonds with a satin quilt as a taken of their gratitude to the Senator for his endeavours to promote a better civilization in Utah. The quilt will be embroidered with the names of all those who contribute fifty cents, the money to be employed in the foundation of an anti Mormon school. Meanwhile the reorganized Jqsephite Mormons have dispatched 200 missionaries to England with orders to bring back as many recruits as possible. Mr. Cropper having asked the Secretary of State for India whether the emigration of coolies from India to Reunion had been stopped, and if 60 at what date, the Marquis f Hartington said: — The emigration of coolies from India has not yet been actually stopped, although its stoppage has for some time past been under consideration, the posi tion of the question being very far from -satis- factory. Negotiations nave Ion' been in progress for the revision of the Convention and for the purpose of making proper provi siou for the protection and well-being of the coolies. With thin object a Com mission has met in Paris to arrange a basis of a revised convention ; and last year the French Government prepared a projtt de dicret, containing their views and the concessions which they were willing to make. This, after being reported on by tne British Commissioners, was transmitted^ to the Government of India. As negotiations have thus been actually going on, emigration has been allowed to continue up to the present time. We have only very recently received a despatch from the Government of India, giving in detail their views on the projet de dicrtt. They consider it indispensable that on certain points further concessions should be made, and, failing these, that emigration should be stopped. GaUeotti, the Italian boy nine years of age who is creating a great impression in the London drawing-roomsi by his remarkable powers as an improvisator? at the pianoforte, was at a party a few nights since riven by Sir George VVombwell to the Prince 01 Wales. The first subjects, two bars of melody, given by Mr. Grossmith and Mr. Alfred de Roths child, were treated with much skill. The Prince then asked Mr. Grossmith to play the ghost melody from ' The Corsican Brothers,' This with great success Galleotti treated in turn as march, fugae, and waltz. It is a bitter satire on our much-vaunted appreciation of genius, and of all that apper tains thereto,_ that a nephew of the poet Burns is at this moment living in the Glasgow Poorhouse. Gilbert Burns is an old and disused man-of-war's man, in his eighty-first year, and destitute of all provision for his declining days. His personal services to the nation, in a capacity m which it is not given to a man to layby much store for a rainy day, are surely of themselves sufficient to entitle him to a modest competence, apart from the asylum which the State provides for those who have no claim upon it save nationality and necessity. If they have any money left after paying for their concessions, it appeara probable that many of the new Electric-lighting Companies will have to spend no small portion of it in actions at law. The number of these brewing or pending is something astounding, and if an estimate can be formed of the course thsy will pursue from the Telephone Company s action just concluded, the lawyers have the proRpect of very profitable business. That action was concluded a few days ago in the Court of First Instance by the judgment of Mr. Justice Fry, after sixteen days' hearing, at which five Queen's Counsel and three, at least, of the junior Bar held briets. Both plaintiff and defendants must, therefore, have remarkable bills to pay, and if all electric patents are fought with the same display of perseverance some Companies will not have much money left in a short time to go to law with at all. Judgment has just been delivered by Mr. Justice Fry in the action brought by the United Telephone Company against Harrison, Cox, Walker, & Co. The plaintiff Company is possessed of the Edison and Graham Bell patents, and the object of the action was to restrain the defendants from infringing ' Edison's transmitter' and 'Bell's receiver. The trial has lasted fifteen days. His Lord ship, in an elaborate judgment, decided in favour of the plaintiff Company so far as the Graham Bell patent was concerned, but dis missed the action as far as it related to the Edison patent. The Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Electric-lighting Bills met on May 25 to consider their resolutions, Mr. Stanhope presiding. After having been in private deliberation from 12 o'clock until 3.30 the public were admitted into the Committee-room, and the Chairman stated that he and his colleagues had not yet con cluded the discussion of the various points before them, and would meet again next day. They were, however, prepared to recommend that all clauses affecting electric-lighting should be struck out of all private Bills before Parliament this session. It is under stood that the Committee intend to recom mend to Parliament the adoption of a public Bill dealing with the whole qusstion of public lighting on the lines of the suggestions thrown out by the Board of Trade, and largely contained in the public Bill before them. They have agreed upon the majority of the clauses to be incorporated in such a measure as they propose. The announcement of the intention of the Government to distribute a sum of £180,000 among the Iribh constabulary, as a national recognition of their arduous labours and proved fidelity and zeal during the last two years, has been received with grateful feelings by the rank-and-file of the force. The officers, however, who have shared their toil and peril, and have had their responsibility vastly in creased, feel aggrieved, and not without reason, that there is no practical acknow ledgment ot their special exertions. A similar feeungis exhibited by the Dublia Metropo litan Police, who have been harassed and have suffered severely from the violence of the populace and the increased duties cast upon them. It has been by no ordinary watchfulness and exertion that they have re pressed the lawless spirit which waa begin ning to show itself in the city, and would, no doubt, have proved formidable if not put down by a strong hand. Cardinal McCabe paid a visit to the Lord Lieutenant last week at Dublin Castle, and had a long interview with His Excellency. The sentiments of His Eminence as to the state of the country, and especially as to the recent assassinations, are well known. It is a singular fact, suggestive not, it may well be believed, of any change of feeling on the part of the great mass of the community, who are still as faithful and obedient to their spiritual guides as ever, but rather of the paralysis 0: fear which recent crimes have excited, and to the more defiant' and desperate attitude of the lawless class, that only three or four persons were in waiting to receive His Emi nence on his return from Rome, invested with the highest ecclesiastical honour and autho rity, although his return was expected, and, under other circumstances, such an event would have called forth a public demonstra tion. Still more significant is the fact that on the evening of his arrival some miscreants placed a piece of crape at his hall door, and that His Eminence has since been placed under police protection. The Council of the Fenian Brotherhood has issued a manifesto to the Irish revolu tionists in the United States. It reproves all Irishmen for speaking of the Dublin assassi nation as a murder, saying, 'Call it rather the wrath of God following in the footsteps of the oppressor. Let us clothe ourselves in sables, aye, in sackcloth and ashes, for our own dead, not for the enemy's.' The mani festo proceeds in this strain for some length, and speaks of Mr. Burke as a poor tool who deserved to lose his life, and concludes thus : — ' Awake, arise, in solemn, secret conclave, continue with augmented force, give em phasis, dagger, fire, sword, and other available resources of civilization to our imperishable hatred, our ancient, merciless, ' unrelenting enemy, to destroy whom we shall use, while life endures, every means within reach of human effort. We proclaim our unswerving fidelity with ancient Gospel force; we authoritatively declare you are to regard recent events merely as a cloud the size of a man's hand on the horizon, clearly indicating what will infallibly follow in the near future. To our brethren of every Irish secret revolu tionary organization we now solemnly declare the watchword— the hour has gone forth; we pledge ourselves to apply all our resources, redoubled energy, and devotion, with even a ferocity equal to that of_ our arch-enemy, to the great work confronting us.' Ireland haa once more dominated Parlia ment throughout the week. On Friday, May 17, the Prevention of Crime Bill passed its second reading by an overwhelming majority. Since then it has been debated, criticised, and denounced on the motion to go into Com mittee. Mr. Cowen brought forward an amendment hostile to the principle of the measure, which was rejected last night by 334 to 47 votes. The Bill will therefore be discussed in Committee at the morning sitting to-day, on the conclusion of which the House will rise for the Whitsuntide recess, re assembling on Thursday next, June 1. The whole of Monday, May 22, was occupied with the Arrears Bill. The measure is condemned by the Opposition, because it makes insolvent Irish tenants a free gift instead of a loan ; because it is limited to holdings of £30 a year and under ; because, as is said, it will supply those who do not share in its benefits with a fresh ground of grievance; and be cause while it releases the peasantry from their debts to landlords, it does not release them from other obligations which arc quite aa oppressive— those they have incurred to money-lenders. Finally, it is argued, the Arrears Bill is no real solution of the Irish land question. There is, however, a general feeling that something should be done, that until the Irish people are released of their accumulated debts to their landlords— in consequence of the bad years of 1878-79-80— the Land Act will not have a fair chance. In the small hours of Tuesday morning a Parliamentary tempest arose, which con tinued to rage throughout the whole of the next sitting, and reached the climax of fury on Wednesday. The Government calculated on being able to carry the second reading of the Arrears Bill at Monday^ sitting, and when, after midnight, a motion for tne ad journment was made, Mr. Gladstone opposed it Then came a series of motions for the adjournment of the House or of the debate, followed by divisions. In the end the debate was adjourned to 2 o'clock the same day. When the House met again the Prime Minister proposed that the Prevention of Crimes Bill and Arrears Bill should have priority over all other business. This sugges tion gave rise to a heated wrangle, and ex cited a controversy which occupied the gi-eater portion of the sitting. Tae Parlia mentary atmosphere was charged with fresh electricity when the House reassembled at 9 o'clock, but the culminat'ng point in the dis turbance was, as has been already said, not reached till next day. The Prime Minister's speech is admitted unanimously to have been worthy of himself and of the occasion. He began by charac terising Mr. Dillon's harangue as 'heart- breaking.' Mr. Gladstone mieht well feel it to be so in a special degree. He has devoted the later years of his public life to the pacifi cation of Ireland. He has incurred much odium and the risk of political overthrow in the performance of his self-imposed task. He has disestablished the Church, has passed two Land Acts, and is now pressing a third Land Act— for that is what tne Arrears Bill practically is— upon Parliament. As an oratorical effort the Prime Minister's speech was exceedingly fine. Its matter was as gocd as its manner, and its reasoning was close and cogent. Mr. Dillon's central statement was that he would not attempt to stop or reprobate outrages till the Govern ment placed a summary veto upon eviction. But eviction is the simple exercise of a legal right ; how then can it be put upon the same level as murder and other atrocities ? Mr. Dillon, in effect, as Mr. Gladstone pointed out with unanswerable force, asks the Govern ment to sanction lawlessness and wholesale robbery of the owners of property— a3ks them, m fact, to consent to a condition of things which must result in the dissolution of society. The domestic event of the week in France has been M. Ldon Say's resignation and re acceptance of office as Minister of Finance. But though M. Say still continues a member of M. de Freycinet's Cabinet, it is not he who has changed his opinion, but the Chamber of Deputies, which has cancelled its dissent from his financial policy, and has passed a vote of confidence m him by 302 to 26. The truth is, that M. Say is essential at the present moment to the French Government. When the Chamber pronounced in favour of the Bill, M. Say resigned, and the next day, when the Chamber signified its repentance, M. Say returned to his colleagues. The French Finance Minister is a man of far too much weight and ability to render it possible for the Government to dispense with his services and to continue in power. 