NEWS AND NOTES. Brief, then i n»d what's the newef"-Kin) f*h Song of the MJIHII Browne digger-" The* Oamols ar« ooming.": A uilijiol for a ddbating sooiaty. Ii tb« ghoit of « biBoliiollnw whiti' P- i ?? " Oruabcd ngfiin !" said » man wliu gnt mixed up with ibe trnm in Oxford-street, ; Considerable perplexity amongst the unbelievers ua: to which ohurch in to eradilad far the rain, A private firm in Sydney undertakes " lo rane'w publiom't licenses on thi« moat-reasonable i«ima !"| A YasB girl, on bein« uabed by the guard for her tieket, handud out-horror 1 a email-toyth oomb. j : In, Hyde Parle, Sydnay, the , autlitrilit* ^affect lubdsoapn gardening. Hot tins, jam-tins and onmllo* onaas aroibeirig used for bordsrs. / . " KmiirfOn'a works, please," naid tha borrower to tlie libraririn; " Lttma *aa, Bmeraon'a works-are tbey by Emarson P" : i Big.liailey, of Tenoora, amelta putrid caressa one foot beyond the town boundary, and then described it Ho well in bis paper that ,we .mall it|from£hert. |j) The popular restaurants of Sydney have a new dish. It's always served wh'ori you're tori minutes Into for lunob, aud is known as", lead beef and pota toes." i The lightteaa tram-cars are schools ofpunty^mor ality, and dooenoy', apoh aa are unequalled by har bour 'picnics, ohoir practises, and; experience moot iURS. , . j ' . At Oobar,' Frank, b blaokfellow,waddled fiia mato J nek ay. A woman at the bettom of it. Jnokeybalf do»d.';; Not'a wan at tbe N.B.W. dare take: a brief for Frank, ? i The Melbourne Age aliirholds tha belt. This is its latest-J'jISighteen hundred weight of pure gold to a ton of cruehings,". The preoiaa locality is not given,ibnt that'is immaterial. , " [' j '. The Oampbelltowa Herald aska: " Breathes th'ore a'man 'with ebul eo dead, who n'e»er to himself .hath said, I' tabo'the O'towri Herald?"; We take a 'deep 'breath on tho'sirtifjot. "? V. ""'V'(iV',' f 'The mosquitoea nre'tr'oubjcsome up ntBourke, 1 regiment'of them ''rsointly looted ft olotheilins o'f ahoets, and ware noticed afUrwerda btoaaing the river wearing a calico suit apiece,* From Melbourne: Professional orieketor (pulls his horse up,atja little publio- hoaae oh theDono>iatar rondj-" Ui.'lan'lord,.bring ua out a quaaart o'-ale, and'ifl loikes it I'll oome iti an' b*:soom,".t,,.!' ?"Adelaide'Y.M.O.'A. oonsiaia of 268 members, with 101 lady asscoiatea, -However, it is in coutumphtioh to trebla the number .of "lady uaaooiitea," in order thntarorymambuh may hare agirl, > ft !. j Hod Dowling, of Oobar, went into the polioe oourt and lay down. Some inpiauate. undue .irrigation aa td;th'e o'ausai- but oUrMmpVesfion is it waa awe' at the way tho polion magistrate now parts hit'hair. There's a Northern." Bobart" who has* hidooujlyj aore mouth, and imputes it-to the /aot of his having, kissed the Testament so; often aa a witnoas.Is thitai visitation from--ip-- " Tlie rest in alienee," ."... j An offioiul, pretty high up, is said to ba next hair; toi a i»earago,: lie doean't look or walk like it, but! th'oiewboooino into oontaot with him earnoatly pray i that ho.will be inveated with the Order of tbe'Buth,; Ili a Weat'ern town, laat week',' a day was ae't apart for humiliation aid prayer. Of course, they didn't humiliule and pray for nothing-^wtiat they wanted' was rain. Butthe plate went round aa ueqal. 