Father Burke. SERMON OX Til R DOMINICANS. 'Pile Freeman of Mnndav, 4l!i June, sav I >l! 1 • ]v‘. O.P fill. preached in nisli church of 1 a! his disposal , M r. M uieahy, Yesterday the Very liev. Tlior who is now engaged in the tie funds for a now elm roll at Tallin behalf of that object at the pi Swords, which was kindle plaeir by flu: esteemed past or, the liev, P. P. The village of Swords is remarkable being the site and containing the ruins of a monastery founded by Si. Colnmbkiilc, and at present it is the eentre of an extensive Catholic district. High Mass was celebrated at twelve o'clock, the officiating priest being the Rev. B. O'tleilly, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Norris and the Uev. Mr. Murphy, ihe J.tev, Mr. M uieahy, 1'. l.h. acting as master of the ceremonies. After the first Gospel the Very low. Thomas Burke preached a- powerful and effect ive sermon from the' text. Matthew xviii.,20. •• At t had time Jesus said, to His disciples, All power is given to Ale in heaven and on earth. Go ye. 1 herefore, and tench all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, Son. and Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded : and behold! am with you always.” More than four hundred years, said the rev. preacher, after these words wore spoken by Glirist, to an island far out. in the sea. possessed of a (juiek, irascihie, bu came. I rum Pome. Th known to Greece and Ri civilisation and tradithe came and preached to them who were pagans, and baptised < hem in the rivers of this ancient island. Its kings, its statesmen, its hards and Druids, were baptised by Patrick, and the light has never been for an instant <|uenehed since he kindled it upon the sacred Hill of Tara on that Faster eve fifteen hundred years ago. And lie lore St. Patrick died ihe land was holy among nations. And from Ireland t he faith was spread into savage, strange, and foreign lands. About half a century after the faith was brought to Ireland by SI.. Pas rick a man w:i< horn away in far 1' t ui tlie sea. posse generous race, a man land was almost ttn ie. 1 hough it possessed dder t ban either. He onnell in t race i >f kings, a ml Golmnba of the ( and graceful, and h most perfeol maniv Word of God, and Ik 11 e devoted liimsel f God, and he 1 u■<'.111, preachers. Men, e>, his face, heard I lie i b sounded the Gospel, tired monasteries tlirou amongst them ibis very • nit side the anciei 11 and Sword-;. Olden writers of sotlie rash act the gre his mil ive land, lb- ero in Se.oi land to preach l and savage Piets. \\\ ha! Cohtmlikiile was to O lone island of Iona, a large' inonasou'v. !l irtli e was called try t he name of 11\. 11 is ligure was sirring was further gifted with the beauty. Put he heard the islied to tell it to others. Ihe service ui' Almighty mosl wondrous of eyeml the sight of is of his voice as it re l'omided over a hun mur the island, and me yon see in ruins i net diet 1 mentis! cry of 11 ns I hat on account great and. holy priest left tressed t he sea and lauded i the (hispid to the wild ha 1 1 'at rick was to 1 reland ■ot land. lie went to the ml he eovered it wit h one e was tlie light amongst. : the m far He I lights. And is it a, v to my memory t hat i si i mu I upon this v my voice wit h It place But t hough H ea veil his spirit t en main in t he ('liureh. after SI. Cohtmbkb! away among the olt man was St. Demin in Ill iea n < paler. He peria ! bin h. I i e w'te lle found tlie ( dinre 11 i me sii le, and on t lie i of armed men - rvi n ■ sp u,d I love of , that 1 remblim bus gone ti it is recalled e ('ell " once amid lift up this holy Bat her in ins ami must for ever re Aiiout six hundred years s dent h a man was born e groves of Spain. This , I ho founder of i he I >n i a Iso was of noble if not im is til led with the love oft tod. It diet nrbed bv heresy on the ot her hundreds of i hom-ands ng ii enforce the heavenly s ':f tle.sli, while they were by I be immorality of 1 heir genre ill ! he ( ' i 111 i i' 11 bv Ids preaching, a, I'ea.t that was impossible to alt the I'nree.-, of Christendom. Altera while the order of tlm Dominican Brims spread to Ireland, and the Irish people took the while-robed mission aries t'i their hearts. Three hundred years after a persecution gat iiered over the island. Her lint ioiinlity was taken from her, and the sword was drawn to make Imr give up her religion, lit give up Mary, ami in blaspheme God. Martyrs were found all over t he laud, and f he whole island was saneiilied by icond shed lor the true taitb. In that, unhappy iissic u hat did the Briars of St. Dominie..' Did (111 - y ijt.if the laud and return to Spain, udiere 1 hey could practise t heir religion without danger to I limnselves .’ N’o; they chose I o i■r.mnin. and rat iter mingle Dominica n blood with Irish I hroughou! the sanguinary reign ot Biisa bet h. In ten years B>0 Dominican trial's sulfered martyrdom in Ireland. After an elo quent exposit ion of the services of tin; Dominican Order to the cause <,|' religion, the Rev. Bather Purke concluded with an earnest appeal to the eongregation for aid towards the erection of his now chareh at. TaIla.glit. The collection subse quently taken tip realised a, considerable sum. 