WHAT IS ORANGEISM. The Bev. J. W. Bauibcr delivered hii popular lecture on the a hove subject on Wednesday evening in the jnstiiuiir Hall, which was crowded by a lar^o unit intelligent audience, and so well wns this somewhat dangerous subjcct luititlled that 011 do single occasion tlier« nny token ot disapproval or objection to the lecturer's remarks. The chair was taken by the Rev. W. Reed wfco before introducing the lecturer would call upon Db. Stewart to play .1 musical selection, and that gentleman contributed a very musical waltz which by the way Bounded new +o us. The CHAIRMAN" in announcing the subject of the lecture said it must be grateful to the speaker and to the Loyal Orange Lodge, to see such an intelligent and large audience present on this occasion. Concerning Orangeism many •were ignorant of its real operations and he himself was so. The public held strange notious on the subject and all sorts of wild nnd erratic opinions were expressed, which no doubt the lecturer would be able intelligently and clearly to explain. Any society appealing to the public, financially or otherwise, ought to be able to set forth clear and intelligent reasons for so doing, and the Orange Society particularly was required to show how it prevented evil and encouraged good works. He believed Orangeism was not intended as a religious society to take the place of or put the church in a secondary position, but rather, being founded upon the basis of the Christian religion, to act aR a bulwark of the Protestant Church of every denomination throughout the world. There were two or three important points to be considered, firstly that the society was founded for the protection of the Protestant religion, secondly to keep that religion united and firm, and thirdly to protect the civil and religious liberties of the subject. People now-a days were rather inclined not to consider the word Protestant in its proper meaning which was " protesting "—protesting against the assumption by the Church of Rome of the right to dictate to the subject, and Orangemen were banded together in the sacred name of liberty, the names of truth, conscience, and of God to take a stand as free men to support the laws of the land and the colony, and to support the Protestant throne of England. Any one who had read English history did not require to be asked to compare the times of James II with our own to-day—to contrast the position of the subject in 1680-90 with 1880. For the sake of contrast they might compare the times of James II with those of Queen Victoria, compare the courts of each and the condition of affairs generally and surely with this before them they would not surrender the rights and privileges purchased at such a great price and after such severe struggles, nor their liberty to stand as Protestants for the sake of a free Bible, the glorious Constitution, the freedom of the p?ople, and liberty, which iB Heaven's own law. (Loud applause.) He would not take up any more of the time of the meeting, but before calling on Mr. Bamber would introduce Mr. Dewiiirst, who sang " The Warrior Bold " in his best style. The Rev. J. W. BAMBER, who upon rising was received with loud and prolonged applause, said the subject for consideration to-night is " What is Orangeism " and he would confine his consideration of it Btrictly to its relations with affairs of the present day. He remembered when he joined the institution, and at the time of being asked to do so he had some strange ideas of Orangeism, but upon reading the law book of the onlrr he was agreeably surprised to find that it accorded with the ldWofGod. He thru threw in his lot with them and though at the time one of officers of his church seemed horrified at his joining suc h an order, he speedily disabused his mind of erroneous opinions and proved that Orangemen were quite the reverse of enemies to the truth of the Lord Jesus Christ. In travelling as G.M. and G.S. of the order he had to combat many strange and peculiar ideas concerning the object of the institution, nnd lie would (1.) Look at and answer objec tions to its existence. (2.) Give a short account of its history and objects. (3.) Show what the qualification for membership is, and (4.) Consider is there need for such an institution in these days. Taking the divisions consecutively he would show what Orangeism is not. The general impression was that the members were men banded together as enemies to Roman Catholics, and sworn to wade knee deep in their blood. This idea, though absurd, was not confined to the illiterate, for he had beard it expressed by those whose education and standing should have taught them different. Nothing was further from an Orangeman's thoughts, and such statements were opposed to truth. An Orangeman's obligation distinctly and emphatically declared that he should have a sincere love and vuneration for the Triune God—the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit; an humble and steadfast faith in Jesus Christ, the Saviour of mankind, believing Him to be God and Man, and the only Mediator between God and man. He should cultivate truth and justice, brotherly kindness, charity, devotion, and piety, concord and unity, and obedience to the laws. His deportment should be gentle and compassionate, kind and courteous: he should cultivate the society of the vir- tuous, avoid the company of the evil; he Bhould honor and diligently read the Holy Scriptures, and mt>ke them the rule of his faith and practice; he should love, uphold, and defend the Protestant religion, and sincerely desire and endeavor to propogate its doctrines and precepts; he should strenuously oppose the fatal errors of the Church of Rome, and strictly avoid countenancing (by his presence or otherwise) any act or ceremony of Roman Catholic worship. He should, by all lawful means, resist the ascension of that Church, its encroachments, and the extension of its power, ever abstaining from all uncharitable words, actions, orsentiments towards its adherents. He should remember to keep holy the Sabbath Day, attend the public worship of God, diligently train up bis offspring and all under his control in the fear of God and in the Protestant faith." He should never take the name of God in vain, but abstain from all cursing and profane language, and use every opportunity of discouraging those, and all other Biofaf practices, in others; his conduct should be guided by wisdom and prudence, and marked by honesty, temperance, and sobriety ; the glory of God and the. welfare of man, the honour of his Sovereign, and the good of his country should be the motives of his actions. They were united to contend with and protest against the errors of the Church of Itome, and any charge of enmity or hatred of> a tree Catholic was unfounded. (Applause.) The true Roman Catholic had no better friend than an Orangeman (renewed applause) because in seeking te correct tbe errors., of the Church of Rome they were struggling as much for the Roman Catholics as for themselves, to one common end—religious and civil liberty. Our Roman Catholic brothers had a perfect right to worship God according to the dictates of their consciences, and all classes and all men should worship God according to their belief in the reading of His word. The constitution of the order would not allow the persecution of any Roman Catholics, and any Orangeman guilty of such an act would be expelled his lodge, •Wld as G.M. of the order he would always be Bevere when considering any case of I persecution of a Roman Catholic. ,i Again, Orangemen were of ton described HB a band of lawless IIIPII, ready— roiloquially speaking—to kick up a row or quarrel at xrsv time witii any person or prrsmiN holding different views to their own. He lined say no more in regard to the absurd nature of such n statement, but would read thu Constitution. which was .«ufficient contradiction:—"The Institution is compos-d oF Protestants, resolved to the utmost of their power to support and defend the Protestant Religion, the Laws of the Colony, and the Rightful Sovereign being Protectant It is exclusively an Assoc iation of those who are attached to the Religion of the Reformation, and will not admit into its brotherhood persons whom an intolerant spirit leads to persecute, injure, or upbraid any man oo amount of his religious opinions. They associate also in honor of King William III., Prince of Orange, whose name they bear, in memory of his glorious achievements." The charge that an Orangeman would " kick np a row " on any opportunity was a serious and damaging one, and though one man might cieep in who was likely to be indiscreet "and guiltyof acts opposed to the rules of the order they should not be blamed as a body. The great consideration should be—What is it in intention and spirit, and what were tbe ideas of its noble founders ? He had read some time ago in an Adelaide paper a statement that Orangemen were.ungodly. Now, as a fact, no man can become a member of the order unless he is a member of some church, attends worship, trains hi6 offspring in the Protestant faith, and is guided in his general conduct by the principles of honesty, temperance, and chastity, faithfully promising to act for tho glory ef God and the honor of his country. Some might not be faithful to their promises any more than were many members of churches, or many who professed to follow Christ. The time had not yet come for all men to be faithful. God grant that it soon may. (Applause.) Another Objection advanced by many was that it was a secret society. They all knew that the Protestant religion objected to secret societies. As an Orangeman, he knew all the 60-called secrets of the order, but emphatically denied that they were a secret society. He would allow they had meetings to which only members were admitted—so had churches—meetings privately for the transaction of business, so had churches. Degrees were conferred to test worthy members and improve them in the working of tbe order. All the proceedings at their meetings were eHtercd in a minutebosk, and this was open to the Government or its properly authorised agent. Surely suoh a society could not be called secret in its operations. He would divulge a few of the " secrets" in the course of his remarks on the history of Orangeism. The Chairman had hit the right naii on the head when he had instituted a comparison between James II. and Queen Victoria. In James' time the institution took its first stand and protected against the actions of that Jesuit in disguise, James II. Defender of the Faith. The origin of the society was found in his reign,.when although proffe.«sing to uphold the Church and State of England he was no sooner crowned than he refused to take the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and in two or three weeks was secu attending Mass in the Roman Catholic Church. If this had been a conscientious duty none could have found fault., but James had professed Protestantism to gain the throne of England and immediately proceeded to betray the Reformers' work into the hands of the enemies of truth and progress, displacing with one hand what noble-minded men had fought and died for, and with the other exalting Koman Catholics to posts of importance in the State. As Scotland felt the yoke when her brave Covenanters had to meet in the hills and caves to worship God, as Ireland had felt the power of the Jesuits, so Protestant England in that day was under the authority of James driven into dungeons, to prison,'and the scaffold rather than surrender the civil rights and religious liberties so dearly purchased. If he had time he could tell a tale of suffering and woe of those times (loud applause.) While horrors were being perpetrated in England the servants of God were crying from prison, and in Scotland and Ireland men were praying to be delivered from the yoke which had fallen on them; to deliver them from falling into the errors of the Church of Rome, and banded themselves together to seek by the help of God and united prayer, a Joshua to deliver them. This was the first Orange lodge, and men began to ask " who shall we look to for help ?" Their thoughts flew to Holland where William of Orange, a noble young prince of sincere piety and truth, was considered just the man to help the work of the Lord. Readers of history did not need to be reminded of the just claims of William to the throne nor do they require to be told the circumstances under which on the " Acquittal of the seven Bishops " a declaration was signed asking William of Orange to come to England when the people would rise and support him as one man. The Bishop of London, Lord Russel, Shrewsbury and others met in secret and adopted a pass-word ("Orange") to admit all true Protestants to their aicet- ings. A messenger was sent to William, asking him to come aud knock off the chains, being fastened on again, which Whitfield and others had liberated them from, and he consented, as we have said, to cotne to England. While waiting for the reassembling and refitting of his fleet the Prince of Orange issued a declaration to the army in Englaud, in which he told them: " We are come to preserve your religion and establish your liberties and properties, and therefore we cannot suffer ourselves to doubt but that all true Englishmen will come and concur with us in our desire to secure the nation from Popery and slavery. You must all plainly see that you are only made use of as instruments to enslave the nation and ruin the Protestant religion, and when that is done you may judge , what you yourselves may expect. . . . We hope that you will not suffer yourselves to be abused by a false notion of honor, but that you will in the first place consider what you owe to God Almighty, and next to your country, yourselves, and your posterity." William embarked with a flag flying, on which was inscribed : " The Liberty of England and the Protestant religion we will maintain." The " Protestant wind" bore him swiftly to the happy isle,where he was warmly welcomed: everywhere the Orange colors were displayed, at every point carriages were < If eked out in orange, ladies and children v. ore orange ribbons, and men carried orange banners with " No Surrender" as their motto. William was accorded a heroworship as his promises were faithfully relied upon. Addressing the gentlemen of Dorsetshire, we find him saying : " Yon see we are come according to your invitation and our promise. Our duty to God obliges us to protect the Protestant religion, and our love to mankind your liberties and properties Let the world now judge if our pretensions are not just, generous, sincere, and above price, since we might have even a bridge of gold to return back, but it is our prin ciple rather to die in a good cause than live in a bad one." After tbe crowning of William the Oranecinen's declaration was drawn up by the Bishops, and on that tbe constitution of the order was based. Tlie name was adopted in honor of William because its founders believed, with every true Englishman who understood the history of his country, that that illustrious Prince, on his ascension to the throne of England, established for »-ver the inalienable riiht of every man to perfect froe-loin to wor ship God as his conscience dictated. When Kinj; William went forward, bearing his ling with the Kignificant inscription : " The liberties of England and the Protestant religion I defend,'' he might well be considered to have gone out " to the help of the Lord against the mighty;' and when lie victoriously engaged in the Battle of the Boyne, and in his other warfar -s he might be justly said to have laid the foundation of the liberties of which all Knglishmen now so proudly boasted. Readers of history were aware of how much was due to William in recognition of his work, and though further testimony was unnecessary: the lecturer would read a portion of the speech of the Prince Con sort when on June 1(5, 1851, at Westminister Abbey, on the opening of the third Jubilee of the Society for the Pro pagation of the Gospel, he spoke of its founder as follows :—William III., the greatest Sovereign this country has to boast of, by whose sagacity and energy was closed that bloody struggle for civil and religious liberty which had been so long convulsing this country, and were secured to us the inestimable advantages of our Constitution and of our Protestant faith. We cannot help deploring that the Church, whose exertions for the progress of Christianity and civilization we are this day acknowledging, should be afflicted with internal dissensions and attacks from without 1 have no fear, however, for her safety and ultimate welfare, so long as she holds fast what her ancestors gained for us at tbe Reformation—The Gospel and the Unfettered Right of Its Use." Equally Protestant in tone was the speech of Her Majesty at the opening of Parliament on February 4 of the same year:— " The recent assumption ot certain ecclesiastical titles conferred by a foreign power has excited strong feelings in this country, and large bodies of my subjeet6 have presented addresses to me expressing attachment to the throne, and praying that such assumptions should be resisted. I have assured them of my resolution to maintain the rights of my crown at the independence of the nation against all encroachment, from whateverquarter it may proceed." The first part of the lecture was concluded by the reading of the following lines composed by Dr. Isaac Watts, November y, 1G95. Assure, my tongue, a nobler strain, Sing the new wonders of the Lord ; The foes revive their powers again, Again they die beneath His sword. Dark as our tkoughta our minutes roll, While tyraany possess'd the throne, And murderers of an Irish soul Ran, threat'ning death, through every town. The Roman priest, and Brittisli prince, Joia'd their best force, and blackest charms. And the fiercetroops of neighboring France Offer'd tbe service of their arms. 'Tis done they cried, and laughed aloud, Tho courts of darkness rang with joy, Th' old serpent hiss'd, and hell grew prsad, While Zion mourn'd her ruin nigh. But, lo. the great Deliverer sails Commission'd from Jehovah's hand, And smiling seas, and wishing gales, Convey him to the lomging land. The happy day, and happy year, Both in our new salvation meet: The day that, queuched the burning mare, The year that burnt the invading fleet. Jfow did thine arm, O God of hosts, Now did thine arm shine dazzling bright, The sons of might their hands had lost, And men of blood forgot to fight. Brigades of angels lined the way, And guarded William to his throne ; There, ye celestial warriors, stay. And make his palace like your own. Then, mighty God, tbe earth shall know And learn the worship of the sky : Angels and Britons join below, To raise their hallelujah high. All hallelujah, heavenly King ; While distant, lands thy victory sing, And tongues their utmoct powers employ, The world's bright roof repeats the joy. The rev. lecturer, on taking his seat, w«6 greeted with loud and prolonged applause, and the Chairman introduced a young lady, who has not previously appeared before a Port audience—Miss WILSON, who gave " Bygone Days " with such expression and sweetness as to evoke a perfect storm of applause and a most mandatory encore, to which, however, she did not respond. On resuming the rev. lecturer said : The little seed thus sown soon spread upon every hand, and the power of Protestantism was assured. A general impression seemed to exist that a man must ot necessity be an Irishman to be an Orangeman—no douSt because the institution had first come to the front, and contended for the liberty and help of Ireland. In his own experience he had more than once been asked " Are yon an Irishman ?" and on his replying " No! I am a Lancashireman," the query was " Then how are you an Orangeman ?" He had already explained the objects of the society, and this proved that no country was excluded, and that all would be welcomed under the Orange banner, who were of good report and conformed to the requirements of the obligation. The first Orange oath was subscribed to on the 21st September, 1735, and from that date until now the institution had spread, and in less than a century jodees were formed all over the world— in England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales, on the reck of Gibraltar, even in Africa, while in America and Australia the}' were rapidly becoming a power for good, and to-day over 2,000,000 devoted and faithful servants of God were under a solemn obligation to support the Protestant throne of England. When a delegate to the recent Conference at Sydney he found many thousands of Orangemen in that city. On the 12th July, the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne, there were over 15,000 persons assembled to thank God for their deliverance from Popery. At present in New South Wales there were from 1*20 to 1H0 ministers—50 Episcopalian ; 50 Wesleyan Methodists; 30 Presbyterians ; 10 Baptists; 15 Primitive Methodists; and 5 Congregational—all under the Orange flag, and he hoped soon to see the best men of all denominations in South Australia banded together for the good of each other, the glory of God, and the upholding of our Glorious Constitution. The object of the society was the support ef the Protestant religion, and remembering how many had gone to the stake for our emancipation, was it not necessary to struggle for liberty, religious and civil. An anecodote was here introduced instancing a case in which a hospital nurse innocently giving a tract to a Roinau Catholic patent, was on the report of the priest brought before the Board and discharged, showing the enmity borne to religious liberty by the priests. The friends of freedom, hearing of the case, obtained bufficient evidence to prove the innocence of the nurse, and Bhe was restored to her position where, to the best of the speaker's belief, she was to-day. In this contention for civil and religious liberty all denominations believing in the Triune God could meet on a c ommon platform each free to follow the dicates of his own conscience yet uuited against a common foe—Rome's errors, and designs. They were banded together for She protection of the doctrincs of the Reformation which provided for the safety of justification l>3 - faith, to guard the Bonk, :m«l spreml it over the world, and to encourage every man to read it for himself, as beiug the foundation and rallyin; ground of true Orangeism. When tlie light of truth fell upon Grasse he said there was one book he could not lay aside, and that was the Protestant Bible, for there he had found words of truth and of life. Great men of all ages had acknowledged that the teachings of the Scriptures had been a power for good in them, anil Daniel Webster and others freely thanked God for this blessed Book. Orangemen contended for the doctrine of justification by faith, which has been justly termed by Martin Luther " the crucial doctrine." This is the real test of the fidelity of a church to the Gospel of Christ; by accepting or rejecting it a church stands or falls. This is the fundamental doctrine of the Reformation and is the distinct characteristic of Protestantism and of Orangeism. The voice that spoke to Martin Luther once when in the chair at Wittenburg while lecturing from Romans, and again when lie lay near to death in the city of Bologne, and a third when ascending the " holy stairs," as he was climbing them in the appointed way, leaving at every slop A year's indulgence, he was startled by a sudden voice which seemed as if it spoke from Heaven, " The just shall live by faith." Never a stair more did he climb, for those words set his soul in the full liberty of the Gospel, and we all know how with those words he shook the whole world. The words of Luther I cannot help here repeating. " I, Doctor Martin Luther, unworthy herald of the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, confess this article, ' That faith alone without works justifies before God, and I declare that it shall stand and remain for ever in despite of the Emperor of the Romans, Turks, Tartars, Persians ; in spite of the Pope, all the Cardinals, with Bishops, Priests, monks, and nuns; in spite of kings, princes, and noble ; and in spite of all tlie WORLD, and the devils themselves, and if that they endeavor to fight against this they will draw the fires of bell on their own heads ! This is the true and holy Gospel, and the declaration of m«, Martin Luther, according to the teaching of the Holy Ghost We hold fast in the name of God. Amen." If he had time to go on he could show the principles of the Reformation but remembering it as tbe foundation of religious liberty should we not take the Bible as our guide book, and teach our children to revere the glorious woi k. It seemed a most marvellous thing that now-a-d&ys; so much misapprehension should exist as to what the doctrines of the Reformers realty were. He took it they were simply the doctrines of the Holy Hook. The first was the right of private judgment on the Scriptures. Before the Reformation no man was allowed to speak differently from the teachings of the Church of Rome. They regarded the Bible aR the only rule of faith and practice. The Bible was the sole unerring guide. The Reformers taught furthermore justification byfaith in Jesus Christ alone. It might, in fact, be called their fundamental doctrine It was also a distinct characteristic of Orangeism; of the Protestant religion. William III. ascended the throne as the representative of Protestantism. That throne destined to become the greatest in the world, we behold won for the Reformation. This was the triumph not of English Protestantism only but the triumph of the Protestantism of all Christendom. Tlie qualification of an Orangeman provides that he should have a sincere love and veneration for the Triune God—the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit; an humble and steadfast faith in Jesus Christ, the Saviour of mankind, believing Him to be God and man, and the only Mediator between God and man. He should cultivate truth and justice, brotherlj r kindness, charity, devotion and piety, concord and unity, and obedience to the laws. From this it is seen that he must believe in the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, without which he could not be admitted, and a Unitarian or Jew was excluded as much as a Roman Catholic. He must believe in one Mediator, and not rely upon the agency of Saints. Christ had said, " I am the Way, the Truth, and the Light, and He was the only way. After enlarging on this point, the speaker proceeded to discuss the next doctorine of the Reformers : " That the only Mediator between God and man is Jcbus Christ." Tlie Roman Church, the Ritualists in the English Chnrch, disputed this : they set np so many trappings and idols that attention was directed from the great central figure, Jesus Christ. Let others think as they might, he was firmly of opinion that Ritualism is nothing else but the Pope's agent, and that tliey are striving to get the English Church back again into the Church of Rome." Many persons had asked, " Is there need for Orangeism now? Surely there is no call to protect the doctrines of the Reformers against subversion? Are they not preached in all Protestant churches ?" Truly there was need; never was Orangeism more required than now. The old enemy was as lively, as crafty, aB earnest in disseminating the doctrines of the Church of Rome as ever she was. She might be more politic ; she might be more prudent; but she is like a mad dog chained. The dog is none the less mad for being chained—it was only the less powerful. Papacy was chained. Orangeism had forged its chain. Romanism came now in her most dangerous form, not as Roman Catholicism, but her scouts were sent out in the disguise of Ritualists—those dear, soft-spoken men, who made religion 60 attractive and outwardly so nice and so agreeable to the senses. It was a trick to suit the times: When tlie devil was sick the devil a saint would be; When the dovil got weU, the devil a saint was he J Ritualism was nothing more nor less than disguised Roman Catholicism ; Ritualistic clergymen or priests no other than wolves in sheep's clothing, who came after the sheep, some of whom, however, in the words of the Saviour, "knew not the voice of the strangers, and would not follow them." How these Ritualists sought to undermine, to destroy our beloved Church of England might be judged from the following extract &om; a well-known author's work:—"Many Englishmen do not seem to be aware, or they affect ignorance, that with the Ritualist, as with the Romanist, the end justifies the means, so that he may assume to be a Protestant, whilst, at the same time, he is at heart a Papist. In a pamphlet by the late Dean Goode, 1 find that the Ritualism of the present time is not of modern origin. He quotes die orders issued in 1551 from the Council of Trent to the bishops of that day. The messenger was Ludovick de Freak, formerly a priest in England, They were to put on what garb they chose, and they were to enter into every society they could get into. They might even assume the garb of a member of the Church. They were to try and ascertain the feelings of tlie people with whom they associated, and they were to report thereon from time to time to the Church of Rome. And then, further on, the instructions were : 4 Ye are not to preach all after one method, but to observe the place wherein you come. If Lutheranistn be prevalent, tbeu preach Calvinism ; if CalviniBm, then Lntlierani.iii ; if in England, then either of them, or John lluse'e opinion, Anabaptism, or any that are contrary to the Holy See or of S'. Peter, by which your functions will not !>-.• suspected." Ritualism was endeavoring to cre-.p over this fair land of ours,' to win the. Church of England to the Church of Rome, and the mission—the special wcrk—of Orangemen was- to purify the church, which he and all present loved froin the influences of these scouts of Rome. A case in point was cited in which an applicant for admission to the Baptist Church was eventually discovered to be merely an envoy of tin? Pope with the view of discovering the strength of that body. Some time afterwards, on being expelled from the church, he was discovered, as the rev. lecturer humorously put it, "Taking what wasn't his'n," and punished by the law of the land. Tlir rev. Iccturcr then 6tated the circumstances under which he had once been cursed for endeavoring to protect a homeless Catholic girl who was compelled to resign her position as governess in a family in Sandhurst because her mistress wished her to plav one of Sankey and Moody's hymns, which, by the way, he would tell them as a secret, was sung in the lodge meetings of Loyal Orangemen. The hymn was "The Sweet Byeand-bye," but as it was one of the "secrets" of the order he hoped none present would divulge the fact that such hymns were sung. In conclusion, the speaker advised Orangemen to keep together, treating the true Roman Catholic with the respect he or any other conscientiously-thinking man deserved, and to remember that kindness was t he best way of reclaiming men from tbe errors into which they had fallen. Wefound (quoted the speaker) Protestantism at the bar of hierarchy in St Paul's in the person of John Wickliffe, we leave it on the throne of England in the person of Queen Victoria. While the throne of England continues to be Protestant, Great Britain will stand; when it ceases to be so, Britain will fall. But I must now close, and do so with a few remarks to the Orangemen now present Brethren, I would ask you to be men of prayer, for it is by constant prayer we are enabled to be strong in the Lord. " Fight the good fight of faith," and remember that the weapons of our warfare are not carnal bnt mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. I would close with an exclamation of Paul's, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. Put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to withstand the wiles of the devil, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rules of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedncssin high places. Therefore take unto you the whole armor of God that ye tnay be able to withstand the evil day." And having done all to stand steadfast, God grant that you may be kept faithful during your journey through tlie wilderness, and when the Chief Shepherd shall come may you hear Him say, " Well done, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." The CHAIRMAN th< n called upon, Mr. Hall, who sang " Jack's Yarn" after which a vote of thanks to the rev, lecturer, the Chairman, and lady and gentlemen assisting was proposed by Mr. Cock, W.M. Loyal Orange Lodge, Port Augusta, and responded to by the Rev W. Reed. The National Anthem was sung in conclusion, and the rev. lecturer invited to remain until Thursday evening, but this his other engagements prevented. 