INFRINGEMENT OF TUB TRADE ' marks statute. At the District Police Court yesterday, James Stephen Kudd, proprietor of Rudd's Commercial Ilotel, Flinders-lane, and Sydney, S. Grccnberg, licensco of the Princess's Theatre Onto, were pre sent, being charged on summons with having on the 20th ult. and 7th iust. respectively dis P'.iiea oi iuivuur npung, uuvtvaiva a#...-. Lairing the label of J. and T. Marteli's cognac brandy, infringing the 4th and 5th sections of tbo Trade Marks Statute. Mr, Purves conducted- tho prosecution, and Mr. Gillott appeared for the defence. The hearing of the case hguinst J. S. Rudd was proceodcil with first. Mr. Purves, in . opening the case, said tho cvi- , dcnce which lie purposed to -adduce would Tie relevant to both the pro. '-iiitions, which had boon instituted under tho 4th and 5tU .sections of the. act. He would therefore ask the bench to ad judicate on the two charges .together. Ill this instance be Would ask tho bench to inflict a severe penalty. In previous cases of a similar nature which had been brought before tbe court the liquor disposed of, though of a vastly in ferior quality to the genuine article, had not li-r-n oi a dangerous nature, or such as would he likely to be injurious to tbo health of consumers. ' In this instance, however, a viie and filthy coin- pound had been enclosed in a bottle beuring tho genuine label of J. nnd T. Mnrlell, so ancient ns to be almost obliterated by time and linger marks. Offences of this description seemed now nearly universal in second-cluss hotels, and even in some of the first-class houses of the city. Tho officers of tho department experienced great difficulty in detecting these offenders against the law. In many in stances, when they had visited hotels in tho execution ot their duty complaints had actually been forwarded to the Customs department, accusing them of having interrupted the liotel- keooers and interfered with their business. The dofendnnt was the liconseo of a hotel almost immediately opposite the detective office. The defendant had himself admitted to the excise officers that the liquor sold to them was not Marteli's brandy. Messrs. Mar- tell were one of the oldest firms in Cognac,' and had been engaged in making brandy since the yoar 1721. Ho would show tlio bench tho amount of profit accruing from the enormous swindle which had been perpretrated by tbe de fendant. The genuine article was. purchasable in tho market wholesale at 57s. Cd. per dozeu, and could be retniled by tho publican nt a profit of2s. 2Jd. per bottle. By palming off the vile article whioli tbo defendant sold to the officers. he se cured a clear profit of 4s. lOd. per bottle. Tho spirit which Rudd had been selling did not bear the ghost of a resemblance to Aiurtell's brandy, and he (Mr. Purves) did not believo it was French brandy nt all. He would'tberefore ask tho court, in view of the quality of theliquordisposod of by tlio defendant, and the manner in which he had endeavored to brazen the matter ont, to in flict such' a penalty as would prove a caution to all subsequent offenders. Aiichaol G. Roche, inspector of licensed pre mises, liquor- and excise, depdsed that on tho aftenioon of 7th June last -lie, in company with Excise Officer Rattray, proceeded to. . Rudd's- Ilotel. where he observed a number of bottles blaring Marteli's lubols on the shelves. The de fendant was in the bar .at tbe time. Rattray passed behind the bar, and after selecting one of the bottles asked the defendant if , it wns gonuiue Alartoll's brandy. Rudd replied in the affirmative. .Witness said he was desirous of purchasing the bottle, and asked the price of it. The defendant said ho knew ho wus in for it, and would charge a guinea for the bottle, but ho subsequently changed his mind and eventually sold il for 4s. 6d. The bottle was then sealed and tnken away. Witness had since tested the spirit with Sykes's hydrometer, which had given an indication of 18 6-10 degrees under proof, or 4 2-10 degrees. less than the genuine Marteli's. The brandy wiis of a very interior' quality, and tho very worst he had ever tasted. 'Cross, oxnminod by Air. Gillott : Marteli's brandy was as good, nnd he believed cost as much, as any in tho market. The defendant told witness and his brother officer that he sold the liquor pro- d need over the bar as Marteli's brandy. , Herbert Yorke Rattray, excise inspector, statod that bo, went, with -the last wit ness to the -.defendant's hotel ' on tho 7th in«t.- Witness took n bottle from a sliclf labelled Alartoll's brandy, and asked the defen dant if it contained the genuine article. Kadd said yes, and the defendant tasted it. He found that it did hot possess either the aroma or flavor of Marteli's .brandy. On tho officers offering to purchase the bottle, tbe defendant said tbe price was a guinea, as be knew be was in for it.. He, however, eventual fy changed his mind nnd accepted 4s. 6d. for it. Witness tested tbe brandy and found it to bo of very inferior-tuality. Joseph O.' Atoody, salesman to Messrs. James Henty and Co., produced tlio cortifieato of regis tration of Messrs. Murtell's trade mark. Alcssrs. Henty and Co. held a power of attorney to act for Martell and Co. in tho colony. Ho had exam ined the sample produced, which was a very low class brandy. Ife could not say wnat it was made from, but considered it most likely that it had been manufactured from molnsscs. Tho brandy produced was the worst hu had 'ever sampled, and had a' sweet, sickly tasto. It was most decidedly not Marteli's. Joseph Simons, wine and spirit broker, sub mitted export evidence relative to the brandy sold by .Uio defendant to tho excise -officers. _ Ho con sidered it a very low class Freneb or colonial spirit. . It possessed tho usual -unpleasant after taste common, to nil inforior brandies. A similar article. could, bo supplied at about 26s. Cd. per. dorci, whilst ' Marteli's was wprth 57s.. 6d. in the market then. Air. Gillott, for the dofence, contended that the defondant could not incur two penalties for tho one offence. Tho agents for thoso special brands of spirits only woke up now nnd then, after intervals ot two or throe years, and publicans had got into careless habits respecting the precise quality of tho spirits they put into tho labelled bottles. Ho wns in formed that the defendant did not usually sell the spirit produced as MnrtcU'a brandy, but dis posed of it to customers at Is. per gill. The brandy itself was Bisquit Duboucbe, and as the detectives patronised the house the spirit could not be of so very bad a quality. He would ask the bench to deal with tho case under tho clansc which provided for tho infliction of a penalty not exceeding £5. The defendant made a statement to the bench that he had purchased the brandy in bond, and believed it to be genuine French brandy. Mr. Panton thought that iji similar cases in future the evidence of analytical ex perts should be called. In this case, how- ever, tho testimony relative to the quality of tho liquor appeared to bo sufficiently con clusive. Bakers who sold light-weight bread were punuhed severely, -and he considered that publicans who disposed of inferior liquor should be punished equally rigorously. Tho bench had therefore decided to inflict a penalty of £10 with £2 2s. costs in tho first case, anil a nominal penalty of £1 with £2 2s. coBts in the second, and the forfeiture of 4s. 6d., tho vr.lue of tho battle purchased. In respect to tbe pro-locution against Green- berg, Afr. Purves said that the cose was similar to the one just beard, with tho exception thnt tho liquor was not anything approaching to tho noxious compound sold by Rudd. Ho would, therefore, only ask lor the infliction of a penalty of £5, with reasonable costs. After a brief consultation tbe bench inflicted a fine of £5 with £4 4s. costs, tho penalties in each case to be recovered by distress. According to a private despatch received in Berlin from St. Petersburg, the persecution of the Jews still ' continues. In tho sontli of Russia entire villages aie, it is said, being destroyed. One account BtattB that 17,000 Jews are homeless. Another estimates the number at 8000. In consequence cf this news an influential meeting was held in Berlin, at which tho mayor presided, and a committee was appointed to consider the moans for aiding the emigration of the Jews. A correspondent of the rVctic Freie Rresse of Vienna states that the Russian telegraph office refused to trans mit an account of tbo outrages upon the Jews at Balta which he wished to send, and he was ; told that none but official' reports -jvould be allowed to leave the country, 