WHAT DR- GRUNDY SAYS- "Out with UboMIr: truth loves open dealing" lleary VIII., act ill. sc. 1. The confidence of the Minister of Customs in tho increased rovouuo to bo obtainod from tho constantly growing juvonilo consumption of tobacco nppenrs to havo been vory woll fouudod. Any coustftut travoller on tho suburban railways cau testify that tbo pro portion of smokers to non-smokers becomes larger every day, and that tho bulk of the smokoiHOi-o very young follows. I am not going to preach against smoking, but I may as well hint to young Victoria, who as a rulo is piono to nthletictem, that tobacco and training cannot go together. No good rower, no good nuiner, no prominent ci ickcter, or footbnller, can bo a great smoker, ami Inst. In tho Oxford and Cambridge crows tho men uovet- sinolco at all during their timo of preparation, and it was universally objected to Mr Wilkio Collins' portrait of tho nthleto, Gootfroy Deinmayn, iu "Man and Wife," that ho lmd made him u great smoker, which was an impossibility. For a uiodorn edition of "lierculcs between Virtuo and Plcaauro" tako "Young Victoria hesitating between tho allure ments of his trainer and his tobacconist." Latterly the Australian actors, finding very little to do in tho big .towus, ' aro cultivating tbo good graces of tho amall one, with results which aro, I behove, both pleasant and profitable. The country critics nro lavish of praiso, nud tho country audiences pay enough to keep the ghost walking. But tboro nro inconvonioncos to bo encountered, such as bad muds and bush hotel?. Last Suudoy for instance a tragody queen and nil her court found thomsolvoa stuck up in tho rain, midway between Belfast and l'urt'and, tho horses attachod to tho vehicle which held them proving unequal to tin); of convoying tho weight of genius bohiud tbem.( Literally thoy could not "draw," in theatrical parlnnce.Tho tragedy qucou,who had never boforo, shetaid, tried nor power at "a break down" had to ait in nn open carriage under tbo weeping akios with her ladies, while the men inarohed ou stoutly to Portland for fresh cattle, and after a long detontiou rescued them from their dilemma, A gentlemau in Timnrn,who recently adver tised for a .sleeping paituer in a profitable con cern received a number of offers, and among them tho following Dear Sir, — In answer to your advertisement inquiring for a sleeping paitnerin a good paying burinoss, I havo a mate who is open to tackle tho job. Ho would bring his own blankets, and if a comfortable bunk Is provided, 1 will back him to slumber sweetly on until tho profits of tho concern nro sufficient to allow him towako up and retiro. — Yours, &c.; It in not often that the plain tiulb is told in answer to an advertisement, and when it is, npparuutly, it U a friend ofjtho subject spokuuof who tells it, not tho individual himself. Our good" friends in New South IWales ap pear ti» think far more highly ot what is called "tbe American baggage system" than it de serves. Tho railway authorities in the United States merely givo tho pas senger numbered chucks or his baggage when it is given iu at tho ollico,nnd decline to vet tore it until tbo checks are returned, which can only be douo at tho station to which the boggngo is originally booked. Thus when a trnmeontiuentnl train was "snowed up on tbo prairie," some time ago, for tho brat part of a week, the guurds did not daro to give tho passengers access to their own baggage, aud tho consequence was that they arrived at Sau Francisco in a very frowsy condition, after a tvvelvo days' trip fromOmuhn. Tho system is, indeed, ?o imported, that there aro Transit Companies in all towns of nuy size, whose agents meet tho trams, collect tho pasBengois' boggago check, and transfer thoir luggage to any address they mention. Tho result of thin fruppleineutary system is, of courso, that you trrquently find your baggage at the h. tut nud arranged in yoiu- rooms on your arrival, a« tho trausit companies aro first served and lose uo time. But you pay extra for these services, which, are, iu snudt towns, performed by Itotcl agents,nud the railway companies Imvo nothing to do with tho matter. If you want any loose luggage shifted from ona car to another during the journey, you havo to do it your#olf. The Victorian railway porter ia generally » civil fellow if ho bo well treated ami is always ready to bolp you. Tho American railway porter is a graudco, who sneers or sweats if you appoar to expect service from him, unless ho feels inclined to ronder it. His coly virtue is that " tip" does not iuffnonco him. Ho takes it.but does nothing in return, It is of courso pcrfoctly understood that no member of tho medical profession, with tho exception of 14 the only qualified practitioner in the colonics who advertises," ever tbiuks of advertising atall. Consequently I was not a little surprised and gratilicdfithc other day, when a certain gentlemau of renown hnnded me his card. It boro the words, 44 James LilKput,Erq.,M,R.O.I>.;L.O.S.E.;M,R.O.S.; etc. etc.; Officer appointed by tho Govern ment of Brobdignag to tho chnrgo of the quaiantine station at Laputa. Medical Inspector of the Laputan Fleet," and so on. Space does not permit tho full ro-prnduction of the worthy gentlemau's titles, professional and official, as Bet forth by hhnsolf on his own visiting card, and it is truly dolightful to think that nothing of this kiud could happen iu Victoria. Dulcamara, the great critic, a most excellent but somowlmt vainglorious person, is mightily annoyed whonover tho majesty of his appearance fails to ensure immediate and deferential recognition. A day or two ago ho presented bimselfat a certain papular place of entertainment and a now chutn doo'r-kooper accosted him ne ho passed in with tbo ordi nary 44 Ticket, please, Sir !" Not a word of exploitation or introduction did Dulcamara vouchsafe, but he danced a Munro Flingpf toe 41 never, never," kind, and swore by mauy a big big D, that he would never como into the blanked andjdashed placo again. The affrighted dooi keeper fetcbod tbe manager, who tried in vain to apologise— 44 1 asMiie your serene highness that it was all a mistake, tbe man did not know you," "But capital D it flair, tho . man ought to know tne, and I'll have you to understand, sir thnt you mu6tbavu men at tho door who do know mo," roared Dulcamara stoutly. 44 Cor- tainlv" adroitly reepoodod the managor, who' saw his way out of tho scrape. "Jem put un advertisement in at onco for a noiv door keeper,— who must know Mr Dulcamara." Thu critic patsed iu xneekly. dumb, and crushed, but tbo doorkeeper will nevor forgot bim'in tho future. Id<> not pretond to know anything about questions of taxation, but I suppose I may lay claim to be able to cumprokendaquestina ofcbnpg. The other day atacortain country railway station where tho travellers' choice nf refreshment is continue! to tho alternative between the chop that !b in sight and tho ono that will be brought directly, I board a local magnnto express his astonishment at the fact that bo had been ablo to disposo of two of these commodities, "Tis owing to tbo stock tax," siiys Miss Whiff at the counter. "We uied to givo two chops for ono,once,aud big ones at that. Now, witib the price meat is, we can only givo one at a time and little ones then," The magnate, who owns somo abeop, I believe, say a million or two, swal lowed his extra chop, I thought, with increased satisfaction after theoxplanation. But even tho oxtia Rhilingeeemea not to havo any con solatory effect upon Miss Whiff. What a'grand conception that is nf ,4A verbatimHauB&rd.iD; a cheap form, trl-weokly" And yet they say that "Our Jack," has no gooius. Many men have before him advoca ted tbe notion ot a Government opposition to tbo daily papers, but no ono olso ever thought of b&ving; a verbatim report of tbe entire proceedings overy morning. No one but a good young man,88rene in the conscious- nces of virtue, and ready to live in a glass case, could have ventured to propose such n thing. No wonder that tbe diplomatic Mr Deakin and tho chivnlric Mr A. T. Clark shuddored at the idea. A verbatim report of the Victorian Parliamentary proceedings,with a faithful reproduction of tho asides and sub sidiary dialogues, a doBcription of the action, stage directions, and so forth, would|bo about the most edifying publication of modorn times, It is a question ah to whothor life is long enough to allow of its perusal, and it is possible that sometimes it&lsalo; would have to bo intor dieted. 