GYMPIE. There was certainly very little ostentation about Mr. Macrossan's visit to this placc on Monday. He neither passed in the market place, nor otherwise gave tho community an opportunity of expressing their sense of the honor done them, and this has been tho subject | of some remarks that require rathor a stretch of , tbc imagination to make them appear compli mentary. It was felt the more, because iu the absence of certain of our local magnates, to wit, the Mayor, and Messrs. Tozer, Power, Mellor, and one or two others, who are away in Bris | banc, it was feared that unless a little depu tationising was done, tbe Minister for Works , would go away with the impression that there I was nobody here. To show -liim that such was I not tho case exactly, it is very probable that one I or two deputations would have bearded the I lion in his den had he given them tbc ghost of a chance ; but early in the evening it wns dis covered that he was not at the Nortbumbcr ; land, and that all idea of an interview would : have to be abandoned. ' Ho doubtless escaped ! an infliction, but we are not altogether satisfied I that we have been treated kindly. In connoction with this flash of lightning visit, it may be mentioned that several matters were talked of as worthy of being brought under Mr. Macrossan's notice. One of them is the ' complication regarding tho titles of the claims on tho Deep Lead. This is a very knotty affair. The whole of tbe ground was originally taken up by homestead leases under King's Act, aad when about two years ago mining was started upon it, it was found that without tho resumption of the homestead leases, no gold mining leases could bo granted ; the ground migb^ however, be worked under miners right?. But hero another difficulty arose. Owing to tlio heavy quantity of water it contained, consider able expense would have to be incurred to carry on operations, and this would necessitate tho formation of strong companies. 'For such com* panies the small area of ground allowed under the Goldfields Regulations for alluvial mining would practically be of no' use, and therefore the Warden, in the exercise of his discretionary power, and under the idea that be was forward ing the interests of tbe place in enabling the ground to be worked at all, decidod to allow it to bo taken up under the samo clause as ex tended to quartz claims, by.wliich title it has, up tothoprcsont boon held. But now, eioco the gold was mot with in the P. Claim, it is asserted that this is altogether wrong, and oue or two attempts have been made at jumping. As tho jumpers aro understood to bo acting under the advice of perhaps as high an authority in min ing law as there is in tho colony, veiy much of a scare has boen created, with tbe result that almost everybody interested is endeavoring to obtain leases. None of the applications have come on for hearing as, yet, and when they do, it is morally certain that no leases will bo granted unless provisionally on the resumption of the homestead leases, and even then it is an open question whether, under existing regula tions, such can bo done. ? or whether the large areas now held can be secured to tho rospectivc companies without some modification of the Goldfields Act. So on the whole, tho state of our alluvial miners may be considered ono ot unenviable suspense. Tbe election of a member for-No. 2 Subdivi sion Widgee, took place yesterday aftcrnoMi and resulted in tho appointment of Mr. M. J O'Brien to a seat on tho Board. Tbo dofea^rt candidates were Messr?. Z. Skyring and J. Fur lerton. Only 87 votes wore recorded, tho indi vidual numbers being 46, 11, and 30, respec tively^ A detachment of Cingalese made their appear* anse in Mary-street this morning, and excite much curiosity. December 6, 1882. ' At tbe Gympie Land Court yesterday, tlif following applications for«ondifcional wore accepted, viz. : — C.^H. M. Faireloth, 2« acro3, Ourry run j and H.' S, Hill; 200 Gootchie. Tho 'loTlowing wero rejecteH:— Donald M'Intosli, and Francis Quiulan, for tlio same picco jof ground, 824 acres, Brooyar ; D. M'InlosL, 21) acres, Widgoc ; And row Mac VFatk'rs, HO aoreB, Miva ; and Susan Wilson, 160 acres, Brooyor. The block of land uppliod for 1-T t'10 last mentioned applicant, being a portion of tbe forfeited selection of tlio lato Sumuel Feltliam, was put up to auction and knotted down to JamcB Fleming at 25s an. acre; tho upset price was 10s. Homesteads wore' granted to — John Wilson, 100 acres, Broovor; Jacob Hansen, 1G0 acres, Gootchie ^ and Job n J. Lindsay, 40 acres, Thompson's' Flat. For fulfilment of conditions only one certificate was granted, vie., to Thomas Gtainey, 640 acres, Miva ; all the othor applications boing adjourned till next Court, at the appli cants' request. By a notification just received from tho head of tbe Mining Department, Brisbano, applicants for gold mining looses are informed tbat after tbe first of January next, in ease of withdrawal after approval, tbo whole of the rent lodged with nny application will beforfeited. Hitherto in such cases -only twenty-five per cent of the rent has been kept back, and the general im pression is that that was quite enough. The new regulation will be eevera on those who after taking up a piece of ground for mining pur poses, desire to amend their boundaries, in stances of which have been of frequent occur rence. How tbo matter 'will be taken by tbc miners when it is generally known remains to be see.!. Ai a rule, however, they are so accus touied to being imposod upon that tho chances arc they will take no notice of the now infliction. The first jumping case on the Deep Lead was brought on for hearing at the Warden's Court yesterday, when a man named Lidgard applied to be registered for the alleged abandoned claim, 2 South Deep Lead. The original holders objected, and the applicant was directed to file a plaint within seven days for an order to remove tbc objections. There is some curiosity as to the probable result. December 7, 1882. 