FEEDING RAILWAYS. (To (the EMIr of the Maitland Mercury,) Sin, Parliament having assembled yesterday, I hasten to follow up the ideas expressed by me in your issue of Thursday last, re railway communica tion from either Muswellbrook or Singleton to Cassilis, and shall refer your interested readers to the 16th clause of His Excellency's opening speech, which quite bears out what I stated in my last as having been foreshadowed by Mr. Lackey when replying to a deputation of which I was a member. The clause reads as follows: " It is the intention of my advisers to ask your concurrence in the adoption of a system of light railways, to act as feeders to the main lines, thus extending the advantages of railway communication to intermediate districts, increasing the volume of general traffic and opening up valuable lands, now comparatively little known." This clause, I contend, suits the requirements of the district before referred to. In fact, I suppose there is no district in this vast colony, to which the word- ing of the clause is more appropriate, than to the North- western portion of the Upper Hunter, And if the present Government is not snuffed out in a day or two, owing to the amendment by Mr. Stuart to the address in reply to the Governor's speech-and which Sir Henry Parkes stated that he would accept as a motion of want of confidence in the Ministry, and which I think there is not the ghost of a chance of being carried-now is therefore the time for the residents of the Upper Hunter to move in the matter of better means of communication. And I trust they will not forget the old adage, first come, ft ist served." Let them be up and doing, and bring all the pressure they can on the Government, and the result must be that, on the strength of the programme they have put forth for the session's work, they will grant the desires and claims of the important district referred to. I hope there will be no difficulty, no jealousy, as to which town is to be the terminus of this proposed railway. Singleton of course would be the terminus for the whole district if the residents of Jerry's Plains could have their way and Muswellbrook, I fancy, if the residents of Denman, Merriwa, Cassilis, Uarbry, and district surrounding had their way, for they have more immediate business relationship with Muswellbrook than with Jerry's Plains or Singleton. I therefore would consider it wisest for Denman, Merriwa, and Cassilis people to bring all their forces to play for a line to the Brook. I must also press upon the residents of the important town of Muswellbrook to stir themselves in this matter ; otherwise they may find out when it is too late that they have severed their connection with the North-western country, and they may rest assured that agitating Singleton will not let the junction with the accuracy of the north slip from their hands if they have the power or influence to prevent it. There can be no doubting the fact that the connection by rail with the important districts of the Upper Hunter will be a boon and a plum worth looking after by either of the townships on the main Northern railway. Jerry's Plains, with Singleton influence combined, may be able to force to a successful issue a connection between these two townships by rail. The question is would it pay H There can be no doubt if they could get it extended to Denman and thence to Cassilis it would be remunerative. I only have to add that I trust the matter will be considered in its broadest sense, and without any ill-feeling, and that the wisest course will be adopted. I would humbly Buoofoat Cassilis to Muswellbrook via Den -Yours, etc, S. B. BAILEY. St. Leonards, 23rd August, 