SLATEST SPORTING MEWS R ND WICK RACES. (Br BOIuEMIAiN.) THEI fir. d ly of the great.Randwick Spring Meeting commences to-day. There are six events, ,.izc., The Hurdle Race, Trial 'fStakes, Tlie Deiby, Epsom liandicall, Spring Stakes, and Welter Handicap. The most importaunt is the Derby, which always atitracts considerable attention, not only in this, but in tie neighbouring colonies. As will be "eon below, only'four remain in, viz., Nicholas, Segenhoe, Navigator and Lord Loftus. All the sporting writers go straight for Seg-enhoe, some declaring that he is the only horse in the race. Every one who takes any interest in horse-racing is awlre that he is a great performer, so :also. is Navigator, and' 'all things being eqa l, l 'exeet to hear that this grand colt wvill heat the favourite on the post. No doubt Mr. Frnnelly will declare to win ivith 'Segenhoe, but my " tout' don't like'the way lie has been going lately, and if my inform rion is Cno rect, the great ton of Robinson Crusoe and Cocoanut (Navi gator) will wear down the favourite 'a 100 yards from: home, and land the coveted blue ribbon of 18S2 for Mr. De Mestrc's stable. :I don't inu!end to say much about the Metropolitan, but insert the subjoined re marks froiu the Melbourne Sportsman, every word of whieh I endorse with the exception that I cxpe;-:t t-, see Creswick placed. I am satislfid had Conoetran straight, he iwould have won Ltle HawLesbury Handicap. After a few pe.listinary ren'iarks, "Tout Cela" Writing to the journal quoted says:-" I decline goiug for the favourite in the Sydney Mletr.op., my selection being Coweir on MASQUERADE, with Stig.. secotnd or third. In nmaking this advice I. ":II not guided by prejudice against; Mr. Rousae' chestnlut, for he is a veritable plum, but the Hawv.kesbury Handicap winner has uever yet won the i?andwick event, and [ amu quite sure Sting does not deserve thi, diubll victory. Moreover, with the distanca inureased half a mile, and both Comet anuld Masquerade imeeting him on better terms, uand to my knowledge in probably better condition, the lighter weights. ought to be at him. Comet's per formance l.st wv.ee wts wonderfully good, if analysed, and he might have been first at the judgle's chair had he not bolted. Means will lie taken to prevent this in the Metro politan, and possibly lie may race in winkers, as The Ghost did at Caulfield. Should he go straight, he is in it up to his neck, and Masquerade cannot be out at six stone. "As Comet belongs to the Hon. ohn Etles, one of the most respected turfitrs in Australia, the sporting public may rely upon a straight run for their -money, as well as no trouble being spared to keep the horse himself straight on the -course. The likeliest outsider for a place *or a cockboat is Britisher." [BY 'TELE's RAPH.) (Frlonr ouR SYDNEY COnRESPONDENT.) SvyDxuy, Friday.-" Nemo," in the Syd. rnec Jaihl, tips for the Derby-Segenhoe, 1; .Heels, 2; Navigator, 3. For the Metro politan-Sting, 1; Britisher, 2; Comet or .Masquerade, 3. This writer adds that if Comet goes straight, he will secure the -dollars for Mr. Eales. " Caspian," in the Town anid Cnuntry, 'places the Derby winners as Segenhoe, 1 ; .Tessie, 2. For the Metrop.-Sting, 1; -Britisher, 2; Kingsworth, 3. He also adds 4that, he thinks Comet dangerous, but .questions his ability to stay the distance. 