TURF NOTES. The two first days of the S.A.J.C. meeting! the report oi which appears elsewhere, passed off very successfully, the second day particu larly, the racing being exceptionally good, the finish for tne Adelaide Cup being one oi the closest on record, and reflecting great credit on the handicapper. The victory of Euclid is a very popular one, his owner, Mr. H. Haines, being much respected in the racing community. The totalisator was ex tensively patronised, and those who invested in it were, we Bboold think, well satisfied with the results. Mr. Cox had an average meeting at the park last Saturday, though the afternoon was most disagreeable from the high wind. The Hurdle Race proved a very easy thing for Redlight. The ponies Jo and Blue Bonnet ran a capital race over hurdles, a head only dividing the pair. The May Handicap was thought to be a very easy matter for Miss Jane, whose friends laid 6 and 7 to 4 on her, but she had not the ghost of a show with Rebecca. Sally's supporters laid 2 to 1 on her for the Galloway Handicap, which was never in doubt. Rebecca was freely backed at 5 to 2 on her for the Free Handicap, but, to the astonishment of most people, Miss Jane, who met her opponent on 41b. worse turns than in the May Handicap, defeated hot half a neck, which gives the two performances a rather peculiar appearance, and is another exemplification of the glorious snoertainty" of the turf. The secretary of the V.A.T.C. is in the field again with a well-arranged bill of fare for Separation Day, the 1st July, com mencing with a Selling Race of 100 sovs., over six furlongs: followed by a Selling Hurdle Race (which is a novelty in the programmes of the V.A.T.C.), the prize is 100 sovs., over a mile and a half; then follows the Victoria Gold Cup, value 50 sovs. (a handicap steeplechase), with a sweep of 5 sovs. each, two miles; then comes the Ladies' Race (tbe Ladies' Trophy) for a bracelet value 100 guineas, a handicap for two years old and upwards, all horses to be nominated by ladies, the second horse to receive a handsome set of bangles value 10 guineas, and the third horse a souvenir, the distance will be six furlongs: the after noon's sport terminates with an Open Steeplechase, a handicap of 100 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 8 sovs. each, two miles. Nominations for the said events will be re ceived on Monday, the 12th Jane, by 4 p.m. On Thursday, the 4tb, the following horses did not declare their second forfeits for the Queen's Birthday Cop, vie.: - Savanaka, Revenge (late Thane), Trevallyn, Winucd, Eros, Canary, Petrel, Gloster, and Mulatto, leaving 20 horses still in the racei. The third forfeit (of 5 sova.) will have to be declared and paid before 4 p.m. on Tuesday, May 16, or th'e nominator will be liable for the whole Of the 74 entries received by the A. J.C. tot the December Stakes, to be ran at their Bummer meeting, Mr. H. J. Bowler is the largest nominator from this side with five. Mr. P. J. M'Alister oontribatee three, and Mr. DeMestreaeren. Mr. A. F. Smart haa four in hie name, Warwick (the brother to Richmond), Boeworth, Palmyra, and Segeo* hoe. Mr. W. Foneeter haa five, and Mr. Jas. White oontribatee seven (the Muiket Sylvia oolt brine amongst his list), and Mr. Wentworth alsobas ionr nominationB. In the Consolation Stake* at Deniliquin Mr. Coz and his hone Phantom were dis qualified for 12 months, and the jockey T. Thorn peon for three years by the stewards for suspicions tuinSog. The conditions of tfie A..J.C, Spring Maiden Stakes and the Great Metropolitan, to be ran for at their spring meeting, are to hand. The former race has 180 aovs. added, and the Metropolitan !* a sweep of SOsovs., with 500 sots, added. Nominations will dose on JoneS. The Melbourne Hnnt Club received very fair nominations on tfondsv last for their Qnesn's Birthd|tyMertU>e These are 11! Imansa l« Win S«i ie had nominated was no other than Bui stake. ntia, bat stated that he had been bought on his behalf by his brother, and that he had been unaware nntil that very morning (Fri day last) that an incorrect description had been given when the entry was made. The stewards decided that Mr. O'Loughlin's want of knowledge on the point was unsatisfactory; they therefore disqualified Mr, O'Longhlin for ever from entering, riding, or training horses on the Wilcannia coarse. The horse Bulgaria was permanently disqualified. The Wilcannia Jockey Club Annual Races came off on the 27th and 28th of April, with the following results:-Handicap Hurdle Race, of 40 SOTS., one mile and a half, fell to Mr. R. Phelps's bm Ferrymaid, aged, 9st. 101b.; Mr. D. H. Power's be Camel, aged, list., second; Mr. W. J. O'Donneu's D g Tramp, aged, 9st 131b., third. The Maiden Plate of 50 BOVS., was won by Sarawak. The Novel Race, of 40 BOVS., went to Dusty Sal. The Wilcannia Handicap, a sweep of 8 BO vs., wnn aw SOTS. aaaea, two miles, naa seven runners, of which Mr. T. O'Leary'e b m Miss Angler, 6 yrs, 7st 91b., was first; Mr. E. W. Donnelly's bg Honesty, 4 yra, 8at 71b., was second; ana Mr. W. J. O'Donnell's bl m Grebe, 4 yrs, 6st 41b., was third. Time, Sm. 43s. The Flying Handicap, of 40sovs., six furlongs, was won by Tomtit, and Wee Jim appropriated the Town Plate, weight for age. On the second day the Trial Stakes, of 80 SOTS., for two year olds, went to Whale bone; the Steeplechase, of 50 sovs., two miles, was won by Mr. D. H. Power's Tom King, aged, lOst. 121b.; Camel, aged, lOst. 121b., second.- Mr. Power, who also owns the second horse, declared to win with Tom King. Miss Angler followed up her success by winning the WilcanHia Jockey Club Handicap, of 120 sovs., one mile and a half, carrying 7flt. 111b.; Wee Jim, 9st. 21b., second; Fishhook, aged, 7st. 51b., third. Six others started; won by a head; time, 2m. 48£e. The Members' Plate, of 40 SOTS., was won by Mr. T. O'Leary's br g Native, MiBS Angler appropriating the Forced Handi cap. under 9st. 71b. Ten others competed. Cynic, once the property of Mr. Inglis, who sola him Bome time ago to a Western Aus tralian racing gentleman, has been successful since his arrival, for he has appropriated the Town Plate, two miles, and the Queen's Parse, three miles, for his new owner. Sardonyx, who ran forward in some of the spring handicaps, has been treated to a long rest, and will be pat into work again, Monaghan having got him in easy exercise; BO that the son of Fireworks and Onyx may give a good account of himself daring next season. Melbourne, who was once the property of Mr. John Tait. completely broke down while running in the Turf Club Handicap at Warwick, Queensland, so that his proprietor will have to pnt him to the stud. Being only 11 years old, and one of Panic's best sons, he should prove a worthy successor to his sire. Melbourne proved himself a stoat horse on the tarf; probably his best perform ances were the V.R.C. Derby, Flemington Plate (three mileB), Geelong Gold Cap, the V.R.C. St. Leger, and Town Plate, when a three year old. Mr. Maitland, who arrived from India in the mail steamer, has been quickly to busi ness, for he has purchased CoriolanuB, the winner of the Champion Race on New Year's Day; and also Gonzago. The price for the Champion winner is said to be a large one. News of the death of the stallion Kelpie, who has, of late years, been in the stud ot Mr. F. Reynolds, of Tocal, New South Wales, came through the wires on Tuesday. Kelpie was 27 years old, and as a sire he was a success, having left numerous winners. He was by Weatherbit from Child of the Miat, blood not to be surpassed. Mr. P. J. M'Alister's filly Jessie, the victress of Navi gator at the late A.J.C. autamn meeting, will keep the old horse's memory green. The racehorse Creswick, in charge of Harry Raynor, arrived overland from Sydney on Tuesday last, and proceeded on his journey on Wednesday in the s.s. South Australian. Handy Andy and the steeplechase horse Reform were also passengers. At a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club the date for their annual winter meeting was fixed, which will be either on the 4th or 5th August, a fortnight after the Grand National Meeting held at Flemington. The Btewards of the Hay Jockey Club have extended the date for receiving entries for their Maiden Plate np to the 3rd July, which is also the general entry day for their meet* ine, which is advertised to take place on the 5th and 7th of July. The official opening of the railway from Sydney to Hay has been fixed for the 4th of July. The decision of the stewards at Deniliqnin in disqualifying Mr. Cox and his horse Phantom for 12 months, and his jockey, T. Thompson, for three years, has been duly confirmed by the stewards of the Hay Jockey Club. Nominations for the Avoca Shire Tnif Club Handicap will be received on Thursday, the let June. . The intended trotting meeting which was advertised to take place at Elatemwick on the 3rd oi Jane is to lapse, the committee having decided that the going would not be in a fit state at this season of the year. The hurdle-race horse Blue Peter has changed his training quarters, and gone into It'Phail's stable. The entries hare been made for the Eew meeting to be held on the 20th of Mar. For the Hardies there an six hones, for the Eew Handicap nine, the G alio way Stakes eight, and a oouple in the Selling Race. There will be an afternoon's racing at &ensington;<j»ark on May 87. Messrs. Wm. C. Yuille and Cj. report having sold on aoconnt of Mr. Saml. Gardiner, to Mr. R. Kelly Maitland, of India, the Champion Race winner Coriolanu«,by Tubal Cain from Pauline, by Panic from Kathleen, bv Warhawk from Granawheile (imp.) by SbckwelL Also on account of the «hm gentleman, to the Rajah of Paikpara, tha two* year>old JUly Sunny Locks, by Tonal Cain from the well-known nice mare Sunbeam. And on aoconnt of Mr. D. & Wallace, the two year-old colt Kalo. by Yatteadon from Gipsy Giri, to go abroad. The Queensland Turf Club have Motived good acceptances for their principal handi ape to be rnri at their suetlng which oom menoes on the 24th of May* m the More ton B^ndicap there are ten. and in the Bris. baneCup adosjMibones., Proctor, who won th e two p Asetotf handicaps at the late Wax. w»ck ww^ng,!1 In botheventa. The name hone we en not wan. The raoewssH^gslSely UId at Casterton and Oolttr^bBs have been the most swooessful ever held by tto respective clnbe. The Cae fee Portland Handi wlfo thyocrcUrr on th©l5_ v iinsislsntrytskesplaoe^ 1884; also the first Foal Stakes, to be .bout tli* lat February, 1889,'oa or bela Thursday the lat Jane next either vrith il V.R.C. secretary or the O.B.C. Becretwy Geelong by'ip.m. The great trotting event for £1,003 hetinM Mr. W. Gannon's Faddy and Ur. W. Kn« Mew Cham took place over the R-uidmi coarse in the presence of about 1,600 «m tators on Saturday last. According to U conditions Paddy had to eonoede 200 yaw in three mites to New Cham, both andi saddle, lOat. 71b. each. Previoui to the sta Paddy was the favourite at 5 to 4 on bin bnt before they went on their journey tfc betting veered round to 6 to 4 on New Chun They went away to a good start, bat befoi going far New Cham broke, and Paddy all followed en it Afterwards New Chui settled to his work, and gradually increase bis lead to 400 yards after trotting a mile m three-quarters; from thia point rJew Chtu had it all his own way, and Paddy breaking conple of times more, Nev Cham passed to winning-post 900 yards ahead of Pad dp, wh was making op his ground fast. The tin taken waB-New Cham, 8m. 47s.; and Paddj 9m. 3b. Miss Angler, who won the two big hand: caps at Wilcannia on the 20th and 21st ( April, was also successful at Meuindie b winning their best prizes. She is by a son o Angler from Josephine, and was bred by A£i C. Gay, of the Adelong district, N.S. W. Mr. W. H. Kent, who purchased th Grange stud, haB sold privately the two-ye&i; old fill; Legacy, by Epigram-Legend, to Mi J. P. Jost for something like £600. She i engaged in the Queensland Turf Club Sire and Mares' Produce Stakes, and in the Caul field Guineas to "be ran in October next The Hawkesbary Race Clab advertise th conditions for their Grand Handicap, to b run in August, which is, as usual, a sweep c 10 BOVB. with 300 so vs. added. Entries clos on the 5th of June, when nominations wil also have to be made for the Hawkesbni; Guineas of 1883 and the Hawkesbary Prodao Stakes of 1884; the latter has been sabsti tuted for the Mares' Produce Stakes, bat th club, having abolished the nominations ? mares, require those of foals instead. Ax cording to the conditions the breeder of tn winner will receive 60 sovs. The Sprin Maiden Plate ie also published, for whic entries are open. Several of the Grange horses were sat mitted to auction by Mr. W. H. Kent 1M week, but the result was not so satisfactory as anticipated from the quality of the horses Several were passed in, viz., Legerdemain by Epigram-Legend, at 475 guineas; Lau reate, at 600 guineas ; the reserve upon th latter was 1,000 guineas. The principa sales were Sunderland, ch c, by Laureate Sundial, 120 guineas; Iambic, br g, by Mel bourne-Ianthe, 20 guineas; Felix, ch g, b Melbourne-Fidget, 43 guineas; Index, bg by Laureate-Irene, 47 guineas; Iris, b m by Epigram-Irene, 51 guineas; Foxiana, b 1 by Melbourne-Foxglove, 61 guineas; Cla rinda, br f, by Melbourne-Clara, 31 guineas Irene, br m, by Kelpie-Irene, 5fi guineas ConBtance, br m, by Laureate-Cornelia, 10 guineas. At a meeting of the Urana stewards, on th 8th inst, they endorsed the decision of th Deniliquin Jockey Club, and disqualified Mi C. Cox and his g g Phantom for 12 month) and the jockey T. Thompson for three yean The annual winter meetiugof the Geelon Racing Club will be held on Friday or Satu day, the first week in August. There has been a deal of discussion i sporting circles during yesterday, relative t the division of place money with the thre horses that ran a dead heat for second plaa in the Adelaide Cup. The matter will b brought under the notice of the Victoria) Club committee for their decision, also at thi same time with reference to placing the first second, and third horses. 