. IFloveUst. GRIT. . A Story of the past and prcsont; of ordi nary mqii and ordinary: tilings, in ordi nary language, „ BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR OF 'IS TUB FOLDS OF TUB SEnPEKT,' ' siLVkttWATEn DEND,' ETO. 'Bo sure thy sin ivlll find thee out.' ? It is a beautiful belief : : .That ovar round pur lieiul ... Aro hovering, on nugel wings, ; . TKo spirits of tho dead. CHAPTER LXIV. — (Continued). Ho knew that under any. circumstances he ? could not live an hour. The drain had been too great. He remembered, too, tho calcula tions ' he had 1 made when ho contrived the hellish plot to immure Jack alive in that very mine, how long a man could breathe in a level when it was sealed up., There was a certain quantity ol life-giving ? oxygen in a given space; when that was exhausted ' the man must dio a horrible heath. And when his mind.liad calmed down a little, he could perceive, that- the air was already thiol, arid impregnated with oarbonic aoid. gas. It seemed to givpno life. 0, for one breath of the pure and glorious' element wliioh lie had breathed such- a- short time Birice. He re membored now' how keen and bracing it was* how it seemed to infuso fresh life arid energy into tho organisation. As a man in a dreary desert of sand' pants for the running brook, so did this wretched being long for one breath of the air of heaven — the air that blew over the green-fields.. But it came not ; in its place were those ' blasts of liell,'' that only dis tressed 'and suffocated. Ordinary beings would, when placed in such a position, have' tried to repent for the, misdeeds ' of their life, and prepare for the great 'bhange. But Obadiah scorned.: these feelings: .- When ho comprehended that there was no 'prospect of escape— -that death1 was inevitable— his soul became filled with one desire-^-to/be revenged on Sniggle Snickers: He endured the torments of perdition1 when ho thought of the manner in which this mini could ;6sctij)e punishment ; how he could hold the sliares and becomo wealthier than ever he was. The man absolutely gnashed his teeth when ho thought of the triumph of Jack, the ' security of Hector. Hell itself could not have such torment in store as this'. The' bodily pain he suffered was a drop in tlio ocean to this mental agony and unnatural hate. - But Obadiah was fertile in expedients.. : Ho bethought liim that he had in his pocket somo tablets, -which' ho had brought witli him to tako notes of the work down in tho mine, ? and lie had, too, a box of matches used to light his cigars. Trying his' hands he found that the nght was not so injured but that lie could hiove' the wrist' about' a little. He first felt for the matches, and after;great trouble, for ho was becoming very .-weak, lie lit one. What a thrill of pleasure flashed through his frame when the match diffused its weak ratli ..arice. Ho ilien saw that ho must have been hurled along by tho explosion into the very end where1 Snickers and he had ' been ex amining tho reef. -All around the evidences ol tho terrible convulsion wero strewn, and' a glance sufficed to show him that days- must elapse before the miners' could reach him. Thero was. no crosscut such as had saved , Jack's life. But he soon saw that rapidly as ho was sinking, exhaustion would not bo the cause of his death. The huge blocks of stone had completely blocked up the level; and tho water was rising rapidly., '. He could not move ; so the fatal stream would soon rise around him. It was already up to his knees, although he had not felt it. . His coward I heart was again dismayed at this, and lie would -have relapsed into a state of holploss terror, were it not that he was nerved by tho terrible desiro. to wreak vengeance upon his murderer. Setting the box of matches on lire ho laid down the tablets on a piece of rock . and began to write disjointly and painfully. But as ho wrote on, describing tlie wliolo of tho occurrence, his face lit up.witlr a fiendish , glow that m'odo . it appear awful in the fitful glare of tlio burning matches, which sejved only to show tho hideous gloom of the vault, Even in that momentj as hewrote with great drops of agony upon his brow, for tlio work of writing pained him terribly, nothing but his'dovilish will could have forced the maimed hand to write; ho saw the tableau, of his . revenge, .his livid, corpse confronting the mur derer, the magistrate reaOing tho tablets, the drrest, tlio condemned cell , tho . drop, and Sniggle Snickers hanging between heaven and earth; his vengeance full and complete. It almost reconciled him to death. ' ' Ho could write no .more. .Tlio matches wero nciirly burned out, arid the.energy was dying within him. Yet, so self- possessed was he, bo strung up by his rabid desiro for revenge, that lie placed the tablets in tho inner pooket of his vest, so that the water which would lie around him would not affect them.. And then lie prepared for death, a lingering, terrible death ; but after all it was not a painful one. For although ho mado one or two struggles to raise his head above tho water, nature was so fairly worn out, ho had lost so much blood, that ho could not even move. A few struggles, oiie or two 'feeble' efforts, and Obadiah,; Sweetcomfort. lay a. stiffening corpse in tho -jold pool, surrounded by darkness and silence;' CHAPTER LXV. . Hector Macinnis hadaat do.wn after- making , a speech, wliioh ho -felt waa;a- failure. The opposition, whiolihad beon growing instrcngtli, had attacked him upon somo appointments lie , had mado at Grit. Old M'Calvin, after a. lorig absence from tho House, had ueerited tho battle afar off, and seeing his opportunity had attended that night. Sitting, opposite, in his whito vest and black clothes,, with the. over fragrant bouquet iii his coat, ho had listened with a cynical smile to the attempts of Hector's party to explain away tho ' little transactions ;' yet ho never moved until after Hector had rc: plied. Thon the old liian got on his -legs, took a glass of water, looked bohind,liim at his supporters, who cheered lustily, and then glanced fiercely on his enomy,;who had thru3t his hat over his oyes when' -lie set down, and was moodily watching theso. demonstrations.. Then the old man opened out.- Sentence after sentence flowed from him— cutting, cruel, slashing. Ho analysed tlio charges and the defence, and closed with a few words so telling that when he sat down the Houso cheered for several minutes. Ono of tho frothy . orators, who were tho ourso of Hector's party, rose to reply. Just then a messenger came up to Hector, and cringingly , informed him that a lady was waiting to see him. Her name was Miss White. . Hector, started.. Was' 'this girl after all coming to him of her. own accord ? Perhaps she was in want,' and appealed to him as a last resource. 'She was very pressing, sir,' said the messenger, 'arid said if I mentioned the name it would bo enough. She looked so poor I wouldn't havo noticed lier only'for that.' ' Show her into my private room, ' was the reply; and rising up Hector wont out. He pondered in his- own mind about this strange visitation. , . . Well, lifter all, thought Heatbr,' if ho could obtain Bdrtlia for whom'hefelt'his old passion; rising, lie could solace himself in retireriiciit for a while, forgetting liis .political iroubles. He knew the end of his power was at'liand. . Motioning tho messenger away, lie walked inside. There was a female in' tho robin— but alio was not Bertha White. Hector gave 'a glance at her. His face became crimson, his head grow dizzy, ho reelod lika: a drunken, man. He had to lean against tho door for support. ' Ay, you may woll stagger,' said Prudence — for it was she. You thought so seo Bertha, the girl you'arp so fond of, and you see Pru dence, tlie woman you have wronged and all but murdered.' 'Great God I' cried Hector, putting his hand to his brow, 'I am surely dreaming. The excitement is too great for inc.' ; 'You were never more in ypur senses,' was the cold answer, as she gloated ovfir the terror,' and confusion- of the man. ' I am Prudence — no ghost, I can assure you.' ' But, but,' said'Hbctbr,' faintly, ' you were, reported dead — your body was found.' , 'Stuff,' said tlie woirian, ' I escaped out of the asylum and Hie blundering policeman : took another's corpse for mine.' I hope to live yot to rovengo inyself. I have kept out of your road until now, because I had no' opportunity - How patiently I; waited' to see if you would marry Bertha that ' I might havo you arrested and tried as a ' common felon. But that did not tako ploce, so I' have had to wait — and my time has come nt last.' Hector sank intd.a chair, arid'put hishands over his eyes— trying to shut out the horrible figure that had stepped between him and honor arid happiness. At last he spoke. ' Prudence there, were wrongs on both sides : AbIc what you like, I wiU'givb it to -you.' But did lie speak, this from any wisli to make reparation to this woman for the ill ho had done ? Not he I His 'desiro was simply to give lier tlio means of freely indulging in tho poison which he knew would soon put an end to her life and rid him of her for ever. ' Before I say another word I must have a cheque for £1000,' said ? Prudence, gravely seating herself iri ? an elegant chair which seemed polluted by her rags. . Hector rose; arid,' reaohing'for a cheque book, wrote but tho cheque. She-glanced at it with rapture.. ? . ' Well, that is right,' said she with a cold laugh. 'I wonder if these lackeys who pushed mo about andseemed to think I wasn't lit for a .kennel would use mo ill if they knew I. had tliis. Wealth cbmmahds. attention, docs it not. Hector ?' 'He groaned;, ; 'Howthat fellow; who went to you with the . message, stared when I said I must seethe Honorable Hector., A beggar, said ho to him self, no doubt.' , ? ' You havo got what you want,' said Hector, some of hiB old fire returning ; ' leave me in peace for a while. 1 ' That I will,' replied Prudence, fixing upon him a look of cold hate; ' but not until I do you a service. Everything considered you liavo behaved handsomely ; so I'll toll you some news. Bunakum is' dead 1' A gleam of sunshine came into Hector's face. Thank God, one of his tormentors was gone — tho one, indeed the only one being he feared.' 'You're happy to hear that,-' said Pru dence ; ' but don't bo too faBt. Before ho died he had his son Jack at his bedside, and he made a full and open confession.' Hector started up. His face become dis torted, his eyes started out of their sockets. Seizing Prudence by the hand he spoke in a hoarso whisper : ' Confessed 1 What? For God's sake tell me.' Coldly, and with almost diabplical concise ness, tho woman repeated Buriakum's confes sion. Word after word fell upon Hector's ears like boiling lead. His fate was, sealed. Tho woman could not be' tolling , lies No being on earth knew what had transpired except Bunakum. 'Leave me, Prudence,' said the ?mail, in an uriearthly voice. ' Leavo me, if you value your life.' Tho fearful tone of his voico had' all the old power in it. Tho woman started back ap palled, and walked out of tho room, clutching tho cheque. She had hardly gono, when a messenger knocked at the door. ' Come in,' said Hector. ' Division,' sir,' said the messenger. ' I will be there presently.' Tho division took place ; but Hector Mac innis did riot troublo tho tollers. It was in his party's favor; but tho majority was so slender that when tho result was announced the Opposition cheered heartily. Tlioy saw tho day for possession of the plunder was not far distant. CHAPTER LXVI., Hector walked out of tho Parliament Houso into the roservo. ' Tlio night was still and beautiful. Tho stars shone brightly in tho deep blue heavens. Tlio air was Cool and re freshing. As lio passed into the' Fitzroy Gardens the whispering of the trees woke him up from tho tranco into which ho had fallen. Arrived on the heights ho looked down upon tho city which it had been his ambition to govern. Tho lights sparkled everywhere — tho hum of Bourke-strcet reached his ears subdued into a gentle murmur,- the rumbling of . tho trains alorib breaking ? tlio shell. Ho sighed heavily; 'It is all over,' said lie, as ho leaned against tbe cold iron railing. '-'?It is all over. 1 ' My enemy has conquered — and -for in-; there is neither fame, honor, lior peace left.' Ono longing gazo, and then lie sought the splendid mansion where ho had taken up his abode. Ho walked into his library. There were oil tlio books which lie had gathered to gether, and which were to him tlio greatest of friends. Ho turned them over-one after the other, fondly glancing at tho familiar title pages. After a while ho turned away with a start, tho bloodhounds might now bo on his track. ; Ho went' hurriedly to ono of tlin drawers, and unlocking it, took out a small phial. Hector Macinnis looked around liim. What bitter foolings wero in his heart then 1 Ho could see, plain as tho doy, the dire mistakes that he liad made . . gratifying his passions at the expense of his peace. Oh, if ho had kept free from sin, what a brilliant life would his bo now I ' ' Be sure thy Bin -will find thee out I' But what folly this was I What avail was regret now ? He could trace, step by step, the mistakes lie had made Ho could see how he ' could havo avoided this fate ; but would that help now? No I Beaching a glass ho poured out a few drops of the liquid in tho pliial ; and then, taking a seat in the luxurious reading chair, ho swal lowed tlio potion. For a while he gazed oil tho pictures on tho opposite wall; then a deep slumber came over liim. He mado un availing efforts to keep awake, to realise his position'; but sleep, tho last'sl'ecp of death, came upon him, and ho passed away gentle as a child. CHAPTER LXVII. ' Jack was quietly breakfasting at a little hotel -where ho had taken up his quarters. Ho was anxious to see the papers ; but an aged and amiable individual had taken unto him self tho only-morning journal subscribed for by1 tho host, and it was not until he read it to ?the very last advertisement; that Jack could - get it. Nor did the old man make tho slightest discovery of its contents, although thoro was sufficient in the paper to make a frozen man speak. No, lie would not do that much to pleaso his fellows. A glance sufficed to apprise : Jack of the awful ovont of tho last night. Ho ' saw that by some means Hector had learned that Bunakum had mado a confession, and that lie had resolved to forestall vengeance. At first Jack could not imagine how tho infor mation had been conveyed to him; but ho presently rememborcd the absence of Prudence, arid at once conjectured what had occurred. Tho newspapers set down the extraordinary event, for tho fact that poison had been taken, was carefully concealed, to tho fact that Hector ha'd seen he would lose his position in a short timo, and be relegated to private life ; and this had preyed so much upon him that it had brought on a severe attack of heart disease, from which lie liad for yeara been suffering. This, of course, did not satisfy the general ?public ; and they invented riumcrous tales to account for Hector's sudden death, which,- no1 'doubt, will- go down to their children, and assume the Bliape of portentous legends. After Jaok had fixed Bertha comfortably in ai little place at Emerald Hill, ho returned to Grit, to begin the labor of life again, hoping Fate would be kind to him once more. After tho terrible events of tho past few days, and the death of all his enemies, Jack felt certain that a brighter future was in store. CHAPTER LXVHI. At last tlio glimmering dawn ! Upon tho custom vergo appears. And aftor night tlio mora Beams on us with its smiles and tears. Tho shadows of tho night ,, Fade in tlio radiance of the day ; Aud life again is bright With joy that shall not fade away. Night on Gritl Night still and solemn, veiling in her mystic pall tho landscape — casting over all a weird and awful shadow. The crushing mills still stamped and thun dered ; the streets were busy with people ; but in the outskirts tho profound peaco of evening had fallen. The birds had sought tho -trees ; nature was in roposo ; every creature but man, restless man, had gone to rest. But man, intelligent man, was still busy in pursuit of the phantoms for which he sacrifices soul, and libnor, and peace. Soon a gentle radiance appeared in the east, strengthening until the cold chaste moon arose over tho hills and dissipating the gloom of night, cast over nature her own fairy lights arid shadows. Tho moon looked down that night upon no stranger scene than that boing enacted at tho Hesperus Extended mine. News had spread far and wide' that Obadiah SweetComfort's body had been recovered; so a : large crowd was gathered together. It was quite an event in Grit. For years life had gono on in a quiet, listless way. Ever since the great collapse, the stream of existence had flowed evenly enough. But now tliero was a genuine excitement. Men moved about, and talked' of the day on which Jack was buried alive, and tho extraordinary events that fol lowed ; and thero were a few old greyheaded men who did not forgot to put in a word about the memorable night of tho flood when Janet was murdered, and tho Gritty Gully Trumpet inaugurated. Somo wondered if the great occurrences that had taken place during tho past few days were precursors of a change. Why not? Any groat event in the past liad always been followed by. a change for the better. And it was generally agreed that if such would occur, tho terrible deaths of Hector Macinnis and Obadiah Sweetcomfort would not be regretted. . Little was heard on behalf of either. A few half- wonderirig, half-pitying words wore dropped about Hector; dead in the prime of his life, tho height of his glory ; but whatever was said about Obadiah, was the reverse of complimentary, tho axiom tic mortuis, &o.;, notwithstanding. ' Everyone seemed glad that tlio rich man had died and gone — well, thero was a singular, unanimity as to where ho had gono. It was tho tinlefor those to whom he had refused a loan, or upon whom ho had trodden, to rovengo themselves, aud they did it' unsparingly. Jack and William stood by, near the poppet legB, unnoticed. Jack had faded completely out of memory in the hurry-scurry of life ; and tho very men who talked about his wonderful escape, novor noticed that tho hero of their story was standing by. But Jack was rather pleased than otherwise at this. Ho knew now tho liollowness of fame. Standing there in tho moonlight, watching tho groups of earnest talkers, now and then glancing over tho moonlit scene, what a flood of memories passed through Jack's mind, thrilling his heart with emotion after emotion — joyous, sad, gay, arid gravo. Tho pastoral scenes of his youth, 'the day when ho mot Wil liam Brown, now standing beside him, and first saw tho metal which had since played so important a part in his life ; tlio-dream of tho Shining Reof ; the night of horror when his mother died; tho hours of courtship; tho burying alive in: this very mine ; the day of his grandeur lind wealth J tho hour of his 'fall ; tho loss of Bertha ; the joyful rcconciliation ; tho death of his father! Strange, ovonlful history. What would bo the end ? ' If the old man had been here,' Baid a venerable digger near Jack, ' wouldn't ho havo given a lino Bpeeoli ? Ho could speak 1' ' Old Buriakum ?' said another fogoy.- ' Ay, that ho could. Word3 came to him like water to a mill ; but ho's' dead now. It's high time wo went, too.' 'Strange,' said tho other, 'that all tlio old hands are dying out; and though they were hero in the good times, they leave little behind them.' ? 'Too' fond of enjoying themselves,' said tho second speakor. 'Thodrop'of grog, you know.' 'Ay, ay,' was tho reply, accoriipanied with' a shake of tho head. Jack looked at the men. In 'tho spectral light tlioy seemed to him as if thoy were the old friends dead arid gono, of wlioiri'Bunakum had spoken in somo of his last speeches; A sudden movement in;the crowd told Jack and William that something had taken .place. The strange silerico informed them tlio body of Obadiah had conio to the surface. With an effort thoy got into tho front rank. There, in tho truck, lay tho corpso of tho wretched man. The cold, white face and stony oyes lookod up at tho quiot moon with f a liorriblo stare. It was a sight tlmt'liushed tho assemblage into Btillriess. Not' long sinco tliis man was in the full possession of health and strength and richo; ; looked up to with the awo that wealth creates. Ho held tlio destinies of many tliero in liis ' hands. A word from liim, and tlieir daily' bread was gone — another word and tlioy were wealthy for life. Now, the meanest of the crowd could jeer at him ; the' Weakest tako that nerveless liarid. In sight of that poor, helpless piece of clay, Jack forgot tho hate and anger of tho past, and almost regretted the fate that had Brijitclied away this man before ho liad repented his deeds. Jack stood next to Sniggle Snickers. Every ono had noticed during the day tho awful excitement under which this man labored; but all had set it down to natural feeling. Obadiah and Sniggle had' beon great friends, and it was owing to accident thatv as in life they had been inseparable, in death 'thoy wero not divided. Sniggle had -hitherto been a sober man; but on this day lio had drank,: and drank brandy, and it seemed to have no effect upon him. Only Jaok noticed tho ghastly liuo of his face as ho gazed on tho corpse. As tlie moonlight ? shone upon his distorted face, it rivalled that of tho doad man in rigidity and gliastliness. But who was to dream of the terrible secret that face con cealed ? i The' light being brought forward, they searched Obadiali's body, the magistrates and tho police standing by. Sniggle Snickers was amongst tho group, and Jaok was oloso to him. After a while thoy camo across ? the tablets. Tho officer of police observed them and glanced at the writing. A cokl sweat burst fortlrfrom overy pore of Snicrtrle Snickers' frame. Was it nossiblo that Obadiah had lived long enough to writo down what had occured ? Ho mado a movement as if to fly ; but his terror and prostration wero so great, and his limbs seen\pd to fail him. Tho police officer read on ; and those near to him could see that an expression of the utmost astonishment appeared upon his face. He had hardly began to read when he glanced at Sniggle Snickers, and- the wretched man felt as if the officer read with ono oyo and kept the other fixed upon him. His knees knocked together, his face lit, half by the moonlight half by the lanterns, was ghastly while. When the officer closed the tablet — ho had never taken his eyo off. Snickers — ho turned to a trooper. 'Wilson,' ho 'said, ' arrest Mr. Sniggle Snickers for the murder of Obadiah Sweet comfort.' Those who stood close to tho Bhalt of the Hesperus Extended wore- conscious of some thing flashing past them, and the vast crowd heard a shriek of horror and dispair which they never forgot to their dying day. Sniggle Sriickers, casting a glance at tho glorious moon that was Bailing in tho heavens, the bluo sky, the thousand faces lit by lamp and moon, threw up his arms and sprang into the shaft. Those olose at hand could hear hia corpso as it rebounded from sido to sido until at last with an awful thud it- fell upon tho bottom — a thousand feet' belbw ! Tlio crowd gathered round the Bhaft with confused an awe strioken murmurs, and ineri at once got into ? the caga and descended. Presently it camo up bearing a mass of flesh from which all humanity , had been crushed out. People turned from the awful sight. Tlie police placed the two corpses on the ono trestle and bore them away. The people still crowded round talking of these terrible events, and regaling each other with ominous versions of the awful sfory. But soon it was evident something of even greater and moro personal interest w#s ex citing the mass. Whispers began tp circulato amongst tho crowd, and intelligence was on foot, that overpowered even this wonderful instance of hatred beyond death. In some manner it was communicated that a. new. reef of surprising richness had been discovered iri the Hesperus Extended mine. Avarice,, long latent, was now developed, and soon tho crowd was hurrying to and fro seeking to pick .up shares— leaving Obadiah's corpse locked up in the office to await the inquest. Our friends, heard the news; but it was of little interest to them. They had no money to pur'ohaso shares. W'^1 a weary sigh of regret they left the scene and walked away to wards tlieir home, talking as they went of the affairs of the day. Neither guessed tho true solution of events — they only wondered and speculated. \- CHAPTER LXIX. Emily was waiting for them, and had pro pared a neat little repast. Jack sighed as lie thoueht that tho little money they had would soon melt away, and then' what would- lie do? As yet he saw no way out of his diffi culties. Earnestly as ho desired to bo united to Bertha thero appeared no gleam of hope to encourage him to anticipate tho joyful event. It seemed that they would each 'have to toil on. 0, for a few hundred pounds wherewith, to buy into his old claim I He did not Speak of this to his dear . -friends;- but. they -could' easily divine his- thoughts — indeed thoir own minds wero exercised on the' subject of tho future. But William spoke hopefully, - and predicted that the finding of a' rich reef in the Hesperus Extended' would revivify the district and would lead, to plenty of capital- being in troduced and consequent work, when thoy might look forward to a brighter future. It was not long before William' and Emily retired. Jack sat reading a worn out novel. But lie could got no rest. It Beemed as if an Unseen Being was calling upon him to do, something. ? Now and then tho ghastly face of Obadiah seemed to peer out uponhim from tho corner, and occasionally ho thought he saw Hector Macinnis standing in the moon light at tho door as if - beckoning him. But theso were only tho phantoms of a troubled brain. Presently ho felt an overwhelming desire to go up tho claim and do soriio work. It would not bo tho first occasion; for of ten (enough had ho worked until the- small hours; of tho morning in his eagerness to find out what tho ground contained. So : taking a oandlo and matches he walked up tho hill and de ccridcd tho shaft. It was .already dOO feet in depth, and thoy wero driving a orossout to tho east to see what tlioy could strike. So far tho ground had been very hard; with no water. Thero was a drill in an unfinished hole.- Jack set to work on it, glad to escape ? from his distressing thoughts. ' Ho noticed after a while that the drill was in quartz and water began to flow out. This nerved him to greater exertions, even although ho-knew that! the ground was full of little ' leaders,' but so ; much water did not come from ' leaders.' When the hole was sufficiently deep he put in a charge, tamped it, and, Betting the fuse alight, : retired into a place of safety. Soon - tho i ground Bhook with the explosion, and when it' was over, Jack walked out, lighted lii.t oaridle and:proceeded to examino tho dislodged rook. A glance sent the blood rushing through his frame. Quartz had boen struck — a reef, too, for tho water was flowing from the face. Ho hardly breathed, so 1 great was his ex citement. Taking up a piece of quartz lie looked at it. Tho Btone was white, with bluo seams. Here was galena ; there, 0, Great Heavens I goldl beautiful, glittering gold-1 per meating the stone everywhere. Ho knew it well. It wbb tlio truo' Hesperus Extended lode I The event .was too muoh for him. He sank upon tho ground in a faint. Was it a faint ? That moment tho level became suffused with light — not the cold phophorscent gleam of the moonbeams but a warm golden light — such ]as ho had beheld in tho dreams of the nast. And hoverina abovo him was the Benoficient Spirit of other days, , a bright smilo on .her face. In front was a wall of golden rook — tho whito and bluo and yellow clearly defined. And behind the Spirit, ho thought he saw liis mother — her face-bright and happy — her eyes fixed .upon him :and beaming with joy. The Spirit now waved her hand, and amid a gentlo.melody, floating like fairy music in the air, her voice came to liim for the last timo : ' Your's at last : tho Shining Reef 1' CHAPTER LXX. Parting is sad under any circumstances ; and even when we have followed our cha racters to a successful cIobo, and tho reader's imagination can fill all tho blanks, it is not unwise to give a few closing remarks. 'Our characters have grown upon -us as wo have' proceeded, and it is not without a sigh that wo lay down our pen and bid: them an eternal farewell. Prudence Macinnis made so good a use of the £1000 Hector had given her, that before a fortnight after his death she was taken to tho Kew Lunatic Asylum — this : time really : mad; and -ere many weeks she too followed tho caravan that is ever moving ou into eternity. Mr. Clack reformed his ways and became a model citizen — Bertha's Words being touched his soul and turned .him back. at the -right moment. Two tombstones in the ; cemetery of Grit speak for themselves. The inscription on ono reads — BACHED TO TUB. MEMORY 01' OBADIAH SWEETCOMFORT, WHO DIUD ON — Erected in remembrance of his worth as a oitizen, -his valuo as a friend, his example as a Christian,, and. his sad and awful death. ' 0 death ! where is thy sting ; 0 grave 1 wnere is thy victory 7 Gilded lie 1 The other inscription is this — JANET MELDON, MOTHEIt OF JOHN MELDON, BOBN ? DIED ? „ 'To Hiin wh030 licnd was crowned with thorns, Wlioso tears of blood wore sliod for mo, I cling in linmblo earnest hope, My advocate that ho will ,bo.' 'And what remains for us to say ? Nothing 1 After years of ; pain and misery ; after. stumb- ling long in the paths, of error and darkness, tlio bright dawn of a new and better life ap peared to Bertha and her lover. The Shin ing Reef, as it was named in accordance with Jack's extraordinary dreams, turned out to be even richer than the Hcsporus Extended, of which it was a continuation. Grit, long down- trodden, rose to even greater wealth and prosperity than it had ever known. The Busy Bee is oncc more the scene of business and revelry, the hundreds who had flown elftowhero when the ? clouds of adversity hovered, over it, have nowjreturnedj; and' it is not likely that the people of Grit, having re ceived one lesson, will allow this opportunity to pass. Jack is now a wealthier man than lie was iri the times of the mania ; and next to him is William, who lias reaped ot last the reward of his patience. To tho latter the happiness of his dear Emily is the greatest of liis joys. And as Jack has abjured speculation, and is contented and happy with tho lovely partner of his life, it is not likely that he will ever again lose the fortune he has amassed out of tho Shining Reef.. And if thero is one lesson he inculcates to his children more than another, it is that solemn ono of Scripture, burnt into his mind by the history of the past — ' ' Bo sure tliy sin will find thee out;' TueEnd. 