A STRANGE LOVE STORY, fast x. At the foot of a certain street in Inns bruck,' fight above the famous gold- roofed house, rise the pnrple walls of the Alps, mountain walls so apparently straight and perpendicular that they seem, accord ing to the mood of the spectator, either to block the way to heaven, or to lead to it by difficult ascent. On a summer day a young girl, who knew all the accessible paths of yonder great stepping- stones to the skies, walked down this street in Innsbrnck with her back to the golden roof and all the pnrple glory of the Alps behind and above her. She wore a high-crowned Alpine hat with a silver tassel, and a costume of hunting- green cloth. Her face was ronnd and fur, and her crystal-clear eyes had a look of unusually vivid intelligence. The hair which curled softly and crisply round her torn iiln.Q and unit nlatfod in tliinlr mab«ab ui wuvn UIHOCB at the back of her head, was of that fairness which is almost white, and is seldom seen except on very young child ren. Her features were small and softly moulded, and something very like the light of genius was shining from her countenance. She walked on with a bright pre occupied look as if something beautiful which other people could not see had caught her eye and fixed her attention and then suddenly turned in at the open door of that cations church, where a strange company of bronze men and women occupy for ever the centre of the nave. The only living creatures in the church were a few old women in furry head dresses, at prayer, and a very young man who was standing with folded arms studying the bronze statues. The girl made no noise crossing the threshold of the door, bat the moment she entered, the young man started electrically and turned to see her coming towards him, a glow of delight on his face as if the sun had suddenly shone out upon it She came quietly and stood by his side. Have you gazed enough for to day ?' she asked with a twinkle of glee in her eyes. 4 Come, Max, it is your work I want to see, not these.' Max shook his head, bat canght the little hand she placed imperatively on his, and followed her oat of the shadows of the church into the dazzling summer street, where the sun was glittering on the eaves of the gold-roofed house, and making the huge Alpine walls behind it take a richer purple than before. Max was a tall youth, with a square- browed dreamy face, full of a kind of rugged beauty. His eyes had not the vivid light that glanced from the eyes of the girl, bat they were fall of dreams of glories to come, burning with a latent fire destined yet to give its share towards the warming and lighting-up of the world. He led the way into a small house at the corner of the street, and up a stair-case into a bare room littered with clay, with half-formed images and casts, and where an unfinished statue in clay stood near the window. From the face of this statue he withdrew the cloth, and gazed discontentedly at the lace of the creature he had made, a nymph graceful and lovely, with the features of the girl at his side. ' It is you, Hilda,' he said, ' bat without yoar soul in the eyes. When you are not here it is like you, but when I see your face beside it ' Nonsense ! you do not want a like ness of me.' said Hilda ; 'yon want an ideal being ! It only wants a little tenderness, dear Max. May I touch it ?' Max nodded, and Hilda's little fingers passed over the clay with a few delicate touches, while a carious look of intel lectual power grew on her face and changed its character for a moment. After a few minutes she withdrew behind Max, and peeped over bis shoulder to see the effect of what she had done. Max drew a deep breath and stared in amazement at the change which had been wrought. The statue which had been coldly perfect seemed to breath. ' Your power is supernatural,' he murmured ; the work is now divine.' ' You are dreaming,' said Hilda, laughing. 'All the divinity in it is your own ; I but drew forth what you bad left slightly veiled.' Max shook his head. ' I am too much the artist,' he eaid, 'not to recognise your gift. But I am not jealous of you, Hilda. With you by my side what may I not hope to accomplish ?' Hilda laid a hand on his arm and looked into his face with joyfbl eyes. ' Do not make me vain,' she said, ' but if cooking your dinner and keeping your honse in order, doing all that woman can do to make yonr home happy, and your difficult upward path a little earner ; if all that helps you to accomplish great things, then indeed I shall feel you are the better for me.' Max took both her hands in his, and looked down into her eyes with a wonder ing, worshipping gaze, which troubled almost as mnch a9 it delighted her. As if she feared what might be his next change of mood she turned away her bead and said gaily : ' Come with me now at once. Yon promised to take a holiday to-day. Let us ue on to we mountains, ana leave tow nymph to her solitary thoughts.' | t He put on his hat mechanically, and again followed her whither she would lead bim. They went out of tbe town, and took the road to the mountains. The world was exquisite, aqd Max ehook himself out of his dreams to enjoy it. Hilda prattled to him between bursts of laughter about all that had occurred at home, up yonder in- the blue, since ' his last visit there ; what droll things the children had said ; what a pleasant dance there had been at a neighbour's wedding ; how Lisbeth had bnrned a whole in her new dress, and all the trouble there had been to get it nicely mended. People going down to tbe town passed them and said, ' That is Max Edelstein and ins be trothed, Hilda.' ' What a pity they cannot get married at once,' said one. 'They conld if they liked, for Hilda has a nice little penny which her father left her.' ' It is a pity when people are too clever, you see. Nothing will snit them but going to Rome.' 'They will be a long time saving to go to Rome. Who is there to buy his sculptures in Innsbruck ? Better if he bad been content with wood-carving like bo many of hie friends. " The lovers reached (ha nook of the mountains in which their village Jieetledf Lisbeth, Hilda's rister-in-law, was ex pecting them, and had made a little feast. A table was spread under a tree at her and a troop of little sun-burned chUdren came dashing out to meet Hilda ana ber Max Lisbeth, a good-humoured brown-eyed woman, with a flame-coloured handker chief twisted ronnd her head, and wearing her holiday jacket of black, embroidered with threads of gold, came out of the house with a baby on one arm, and placed some frnit upon the table. The wooden chalet was set deep in a cool green cave of bonghs, on a platform of rock, and nnder it, and opposite to it, lay a dazzling landscape of purple crag, teeming golden valley, and woods of all the richest hues of green. Up a pathway, seemingly made for goats, our lovers climbed, and were welcomed by the motherly Lisbeth. The master of the little home, Lisbeth's husband, Hilda's oroiner, wooacarver, hunter, and tiller of the earth, now appeared, and the elders partook of LiBbeth's feast in the shade, whilethe little sun-burnt children capered and danced in the sun. Max caste off the cloud of dreaminess that often wrapped him up, and talked to Fritz about the crops and the hunts, and allthatwasinterestingin the mountaineer's life. The artist disappeared for the time, and Max was merely a stalwart youth of the mountains, with an unusually pic turesque and inteliectoal face. Hilda took the baby in her arms, and langhter and prattle made the time fly fast, till Lisbeth said : ' Ah, Max, have you seen the present that Hilda has given me ? She has mod elled my little dead Lisa, so that I think I have her back.' ' Will not you show it to me, Hilda ?' ' Yes, if yon please ; but it is only in teresting to Lisbeth, dear Max' The day pasBed and evening came. Songs were sung, and Hilda accompanied them on the zither. Throwing away her silver-tassled hat she put on an apron, prepared the sapper, and carried it out under the trees. Her fair head gleamed in the sunset as she went and came, and as a wave of warm light suddenly fell across her face and hands, Max thought she looked like a ministering angel de scended to wait npon them. After supper some young friends came from a little distance, and Fritz strummed the zither while a dance was held on a bit of green close by. Hilda danced with as much elee as anv of the children. The moon shone out, the children palled Hilda's hair about, till it flowed about her like a gold and silver mantle, and Max would not have it put np again, and danced with her while it streamed about her shoulders. ' Hilda looks beautiful to-night, does she not 1' said one of her friends. What s pity she will marry that melancholy Maxl ' He is not melancholy now when he is dancing.' ' He is always strange, and full of the oddest fancies. I would rather marry a man who could make a joke.' I The dancing was over, the neighbours had gone home, and Max was asking again to see Hilda's model of Lisbeth'e little angel Lisa. -Hilda led bim up the narrow stairs, and iuto her own small chamber, where one of the rnddy little dancers of an hour ago was already asleep in her bed. It was a tiny brown room, where almost the only decoration was the oblong moonlit picture of pine and crag framed by the open window. Hilda struck a light, and lit a hand-lamp, and discovered on a bench the model of the child who was dead. Max folded his arms, and gazed at it long and critically. 4 Hilda 1' he said, ' I wonder if yon know what genius you possess !' 'Through my love for you I have learned to dabble a little in clay; that is all,' said Hilda. ' I have no genius, and if I had I do not want it.' ' About this going to Rome. It is you who onght to go, not I.' Max 1 where are your wits wandering ? I wish there was money enough for two certainly, then we could go together. But as there is not enough, why I must wait : till you can afford to send for me.' ' What I mean is this, Hilda,' said Max with the sadness in his eyes deepen ing to gloom : 'yon have a distinct genins of your own, and I onght not to be so selfish as to absorb yon into my own life and work. Yon have money enongh to take yonrself to Rome, and there yon ought to go. Marriage for yon will be the rain of an artist.' Not the rain of you, I hope.' 1 ' No, of yourself.' Then let me be ruined, dear Max, and let the world loose what it will never have possessed. I belong to yon, and not either to art or to the world.' ' I am a traitor to art to listen to you.' ' Then be a traitor. I shall love yon better ob a traitor,' 'Maxahook his head, and gloomily withdrew the hand which Hilda had touched with her own. Hilda nttered a sudden cry, and snatch ing a hammer which lay near, raised it in her hands as if she would strike the model of the child, and destroy it ' Hilda !' cried Max, seizing her wrists and straggling with her. \- At enati nos pare us : ane cnea pass ionately. 'Hash ! here is Lisbeth,' whispered Max 'Is it not lovely V said Lisbeth, com ing in on tip-toe, and speaking softly as if in a sacred place. ' See, dear Max, how Hilda loves my children. One of themsleeps alive in her arms' — pointing to the bed — ' another sleeps here in death always before our eyes, by the magic of her hands. Ah, what a tender mother onr clever Hilda will be 1' Hilda burst into tears, dropped the hammer, and turning abruptly to the window, leaned her arms on the sash, and wept with sobs into the night ' She has never quite got over the death of that child,' murmured Lisbeth. ' Come away, Max, and let her have her ciy in peace.' An hoar later still, Lisbeth was sitting spinning at her door in tbe moonlight, and singing to herself simple songs abont little child- angels who sometimes come down for a time, and live in good men's houses, and lie in fond mother's arms, but after a time have to go back to hea ven ; At a little distance Mas and Hilda were walking up and. down, their faces now -gleaming in the shade under ,the trees, their figures now casting shadows in ihe light of the moon. Bound fheni Jgyagreat circling abyss of gloomy dark-' ness, Ringed with black pine-tops, and crowned by frowning crags ; and a silver veil was hanging over all. ' What I mean iB this,' Hilda was say- ing ; ' yon forget that I am a woman, and jndge me by yonrself. You think because you have taught me to model in clay a little, that I mast want to be an artist and conquer the world. But you are my world, and I will conquer no other !' Max's clasp tightened on her hand. 4 You must not deny your own power.' ' Bat I am jealous of it, and I hate it Whenever it comes before you as to-day, as to-night, a cloud covers yon face, and a shadow rises up between us. Though you love the woman, yon would banish the artist from your heart ; and therefore, Max, because I love yon, I will kill that power that disturbs yon in me. Never while I live will I touch clay again.' Then yon will make me a murderer, a destroyer of one of heaven's beet gifts.' ' Rather I will save yon from being the mnrderer of my heart Why, oh, why will you not let me be happy I I would rather bake your bread and sweep your floor than be owner of the best studio in Rome.' ' Would we were there side by side, Hilda. Without you my inspiration will be gone ; my works will be dull and dead. 4 Because yonr coffee will not be as good as some I conld make for yon V ' Because I shall be without your sug gestions, your criticism, yonr touch that calls life into a face. What wonld I not give to possess that magic touch !' ' Me, perhaps,' said Hilda sadly. ' I would die to give it to yon — that is, if it has any existaoce.' Max shuddered. Do not talk of dying,' he said. ' If you were to die there is no kind of death so hateful as my life wonld become.' ' Hush !' said Hilda, putting her fingers across her lips ; ' only the good God knows anything abont death.' Summer deepened, and as the time approached for Max's departure for Rome he found it more aud more difficult to think of tearing himBelf away from Hilda. ' You are my inspiration, my soul.' he said. ' Without yon i shall fail, and be only half a sculptor,' Dear Max, I will come to yon when ever unii i>jtn send for mp Do vtlll think — j . — — the mountains will not be dreary, and the veiy children's voioes sad in my ears till £ can stand by your side again ?' 'Hilda, would you dare — would you venture to come with me 1' ' With you V Hilda's pale face coloureid to the hue. of a rose for a moment, and turned paler than before. She trembled and drew her breath hard ; aud then she spoke with the gladness of a bird's song in her voice : ' If yon will dare, Max, why so will I.' All the shadows disappeared at once from the young man's face, and bis eyes shone. ' You may have hardships to endure, my darling,' he said kissing her hands rapturously. 'They will be welcome,' laughed Hilda, if only to prove how atrong I am. Yon mean to walk across the monntains, Max, and so will I, if you will take me. What an autumn walk it will be ! And once in Rome, why, Max, I will save your money by my economy.' ' Yonr money, Hilda !' ' Ab, Max, yon forget that the Nymph has gone on before as, and that before we get there she may be sold.' ' Heaven grant it !' cried Max, while a lightning flash crossed his face. ' If I were ambitnoue before, my Hilda, 1 am ten times more ambitious now.' Hilda was one of those women to whom no personal sacrifice is too great to add, be it ever so little, to the happiness of the beloved. She was well aware that in accompanying Max, hardships and difficulties were awaiting her, bat she also knew that with her by his ride Max would have better courage to cope with and conquer the world. She said to her self that she wonld eat little, labonr hard, patch and mend her clothes and his, do all that lay within her to cover the extra expense of her presence in his home. They were married in a little cbnrch in their mountains, with a band of children smiling round them, and Lisbeth weeping behind their backs. Ob, why bad not Max been satisfied to remain a carver of wood at home I Then Hilda need not have left her kindred, and might have flourished among them through long and happy days. Why, indeed, good Lis beth ? Yours is one of those questions which can never be anBwered. The day after their marriage they set ont to cross the monntains on foot. A wallet on Max's shoulder held all their luggage, a purse sewn into Hilda's dress contained their wealth. Glorious aut umn weather reigned over the mountain world. The hollows nnder the pioes had neverlookedso purple, the peaks and crags so roseate, theclondsso gold, the firmament so bine as when Max, the sculptor, with his wife by the hand, went trndging along the narrow paths that led the way from Innsbrnck np to Trent In this memorable jonrney they spent their honeymoon. In the morning .2 11= I 1_ AL. 1- 1. trayeuuig uraveiy uvu t>uc ruugu luauo, climbing rnde heights, the while hardly daring to expend their breath in speech ; at noon cooling their tired feet in some ranning water, and eating their frugal dinner nnder tbe deep broad shadow of the pines. At evening saying a prayer at some simple shrine, and afterwards: stepping on gaily through the cooler at mosphere, seeing the sunset colours fade along tbe mountains, and the moonshine come forth to light them npon yet another mile of the way. Nights spent in the radest chalets, a day stolen here and there to explore some town through which they passed ; endless happy con versations abont their love, their art, their future, the heaven of united life that lay on before them ; so was accom plished the passage of tbe monntains, not the greatest of the difficulties that lay in their path, by Edelstein and Hilda, bis wife. Through the queer old streets of Ver ona they walked, and under its I- !ty arcljes ; and then away across uie Italian plains; dropping like- a pair of swallows into art-galleries and churches, but hurrying ever with eiger steps towards Rome. And there they stood at last one day. weary, dusty, poor, and friendless, but glad at heart and full of hope, A studio and two rooms were hired at once, and Max went to work op«i marble and clay. The Nymph was not sold, but what of that ? It wonld do to famish the studio till other works were created by the scalptor's hand. Hilda's ingenuity was exerted to make the vast, almoBt empty roomB, which were their dwelling, look homelike and gay. A curtain here, a spray of flowers there, a rude vase of fine form and striking colour in a corner ; trifles like these made a home out of a wilderness. Singing, sewing, tripping in and out on household errands, or stand ing behind her husband's shoulder dis cussing his work with him, Hilda's days were as happy as a queen's. They were in Rome, they were together, Max had lost bis melancholy, and he had forgotten his strange fancy about that genius of hers which sorely never conld have exiBted. If he remembered it at all he bat glanced, at it pleasantly, and the thought of it passed easily away. If in moments of depression he called her to him and asked her to tonch his work, she wonld answer reproachfully that her : hands were fall of floor, and that his dinner mast spoil were she to soil them with his clay ! Winter and spring passed over, the tittle store of money had diminished sadly, and no work of Max's had been sold to replenish the household purse. Hilda held the said purse aud always spoke cheerfully of its contents to Max, who, wrapped in his dreams, scarcely real ised how the passing days were running away with silver and gold. Neither did he notice that Hilda's always pale face was growing paler and paler. Accus tomed to gazing on faces of marble he was not so strnck with her pallor as another might have been, and the look of care always disappeared from her eyes when his were turned npon her. Max in Rome, conscious of growing power, with a brain foil of beautiful things as yet un created, had all he wanted, and noticed nothing wrong. His home was bright and pleasant, and the food he needed regularly placed before him. The loDg summer hi Rome did not tell upon his strength as it told npon hers, but, as she did not complain, he was not aware that she had become less healthy than of old. It was when winter came ronnd again that Hilda took fear to her heart in earnest, and counted the money that was left, with paling lips. How conld she tell Max that the funds were so low 1 She would not tell him. And yet, where could she find money to go on with l Then it was that she broke her resolu tion never to touch clay again. On the chill winter mornings when Max was sleeping soundly, having got to rest late at night, Hilda would creep into the studio and go to work. What she produced there Max little dreamed of ; but from time to time sundry small, graceful, aud original figures found their way into shop's where snch things are sold-. They were quickly disposed of, aad|the money they fetched replenished Hilda's exhausted purse. She jealously guarded her secret, aud Max toiled on, dreaming of glorious works he was to do in the future, and only occasionally waking np to observe that Hilda was a wonderful manager of their slender means. He never guessed that she was giving her. health, her talents, her life for the pittance that supported them both from one week on to another. It was by means of these little figures of Hilda's that the Nymph came to be sold after alL She was in the habit of going in, on her way to market in the mornings, to speak to tbe dealer who had her works in charge, and to learn if any orders had been left for her. One day an English gentleman was standing in conversation with the dealer when she appeared, and as she entered the shop, she heard, the wordB : ' Here, sir, is the lady herself !' The gentleman was young and of fair complexion, and had a shrewd, sensible, and withal refined and sympathetic face. He bowed to Hilda and made known bis business at once. He wanted two other original fignres besides those of hers he' had already bought. Hilda took the order ; and then, with a sudden impulse, said : ' If yon would kindly come to see me at my home, my husband could show you something more worthy of your attention.' The stranger was interested and pro mised to call as 6he desired. Then she said with a little embarrassment : ' Please do not speak to my hnsband of these fignres of mine. I do not wish him to know of their existence. He wonld think I fatigued myself.' The stranger took in the situation at once, bowed, and asBnred her be wonld remember her wishes. He thought she looked thoroughly fatigued indeed, and wondered for a moment how long she wonld have the power so to exhanst herself And this was the beginning of the friendship between Max Edelstein and Donald Stewart, which lasted throngb so many after years. That very day Donald paid his first visit to the studio, and bought the Nymph with Hilda's features, paying for it with a noble snm. The patronage of the wealthy English man, or rather Scotchman, was all that was needed to bring Edelstein's genius infa nntiAtf Ifnnntr Anrl AF/lnrc fit tvnrlr flowed npon him, and the crisis of his fortune was past. Many new comforts appeared in his home, and Hilda no longer rose in the chill hoars to do secret work with her hands in the clay. Her figures were seen no more in the shops, her artistic efforts were all in the past, and on the sweet spring days she lay ou a couch at her window, with her eyes fixed steadfastly on the everlasting bills. Still Max did not see that she was dying. Donald Stewart did, and to him she spoke of her approaching death. 'Do not disturb Max,' she said to this good friend, when be would come from the studio iuto her little sitting- r om to visit her. ' He thinks 1 shall be strong soon, and his thoughts are with his work. One day, I know, be will as tonish the world, and in that day he will not so much nod rue. Nay, I do not men n to doubt bis Ik art J know he ' -OI v.v":L a:, a : -r':;:- -. v. ill - lov-„ r.u-Jtl-ir, j..-"; I.-.1 h - - parsed point up to wiikb bo needed a woman's devs Ud inf.; nn-i -."..ire.7 ' When doc® r. nun c-?ase to need that V said DoijaIJ Stewart. Hilda was gazing wistfully at the purple liiils. ' During tbe next twenty years,' she said, -'Mar will live in bis nrt alnuo. IJ own i-rft.-uiiisis uj'l bp b<» idolf sweetened to bim by my memory which will ding aronndthem. His life will pass in the happy throes of work such as his, and he will hardly misB me from his home. After twenty years have passed ' She paused, and a look of intense pity and longing settled in her eyes. ' Who can look so far ahead as twenty years V said Stewart, guessing her thought, 4 At the end of that time he will begin to need me again,' said Hilda. 'The first harvest of life will be won, the desire a little rest will have began to awake in him. He will look around and want me at his fireside. Oh, God ! that I then could come back to him !' Stewart's eyes filled with tears. ' A strange idea !' he said softly. ' But I have no doubt or fear but that you will really be near him. Yonr spirit will never lose sight of him.' Hilda smiled. ' Never r she said. ' Never, as God is good 1 But ob, I meant more than that. If the Creator would but grant me my heaven in letting me return, even years hence, to this world to Max 1' Donald's heart was shaken by the pathetic cry in her voice ; but he knew not what to answer to so startling a speech. 'Do not be Bhocked at me, Mr. Stewart,' she said, turning to bim with one of her old smiles ; ' bat this is an idea that at times charms away my pain. And if I come,' she added playfolly, laying her tittle palms together like a child at prayer, I will come without the talent which I believe was the only flaw that Max could ever see in me. Any thing of genins I may have I hereby solemnly bequeath to my husband. If I come again from heaven, I come with out it' In the flash of the Roman spring she slipped away from them almost unawares one morning ; and covered with Italian wild flowers she was laid in her grave. Max took her death in a way that surprised eveu Donald Stewart. He appeared stunned, and unable to realise what had happened. So happy had they been in their late good fortune that this sadden and nnforseen ending of all their joy seemed to nnhinge his mind. He became dull, absent, almost stnpid, absorbed in the memory of Hilda, whose presence was still around him, and whom rnnld not 1st on into the nut. R& did not hear when spoken to, took no part in the life around him, neglected bis work and forgot to enter his stndio. Orders remained unfinished, and people began to say that the promising young scnlptor had got softening of the brain. He wonld not stir from Rome that summer, nor leave the rooms where Hilda's dresses and little ornaments and possessions still held their place as if they might be needed at any moment. Throngh all the dangers of that hot season in Rome, Donald stack fast by his side ; and when at last Max fell ill of a terrible fever, Donald took the place of a nurse by his bed. Thanks to his friend's unwearied efforts, Max arose ont of this ricknesB, bat pale and cadaverous like the living skeleton of himself. His mind seemed clearer now, and, on the first occasion, when sitting in Hilda's chair at the window, he spoke to Stewart of his wife, he wept like a child over his vanished happiness. He blamed himself bitterly for hie conduct to her in many ways. Having learnedf rom thede&ler; who had aold her wonderfal little fignres, how bard she had 'worked to produce and dispose of them unknown to him, he made a misery of this proof of her un- selBsh devotion to him. ' I knew she had distinct genius,' he said, 'and if I had insisted on her developing it she might have been alive to-day. She denied herself eleep, and suffered cold and weariness to provide the money which I was stupid enough not to perceive she must have earned.' Her love was indeed limitless,' said Stewart consolingly, ' bat you need not blame yourself. She had no wish to develope a separate genius from yours. She said to me ' ' What ?' said Edelstein. ' Anything that she said I must hear.' ' That if ehexjould come back to yon, she would come without that talent which she thought you magnified, and which she did not love in herself.' 'Gome back?' ' Yes ; it was an odd thing to say, but another proof of her devotion to you. It grew out of a conversation I had with her one day. 'When I was wrapped np in my selfish work. When yon saw what was coming and I would not.' ' That was her comfort. She dreaded a lingering trial for you.' ' If she could come back ! Did she say that, Donald ?' 'She said — I think there is no harm in my repeating to yon her tender and fantastic thought — she said she conld wish that God wonld give her her heaven by allowing her to come back to you in twenty years hence' ' Twenty years hence. ' 'She thought for twenty years yon conld live absorbed in the splendid lahnnrK that arA simnni? and fiafrtrn van . After that Aye ?' ' After that yon would want her more. I understood her to mean that if she could return to yon then, as young and sweet as she was a year ago, then, when your genins had slaked its thirst for work, and, a tittle tired, yon might look round for companionship and human love, that so to come would be tbe desire of her soul.' A strange tight came in Edelstein's face, brightening steadily into a glow of exaltation. 'Do you think she will cDine, Donald ?' Stewart started and stared. He felt a' qualm of fear that he bad been unwise in speaking as he bad done, while his friend's braiu might still be in a delicate state. ' I tbink dear old follow.' he s.id gently, ' that such a fancy of hers only assures yen that she will watch and wait" f ir y-u in eternity. Who can count on living twenty years ? And two like you i will be sure to clasp hands when you at last have also passed the verge of the grave.' But that was not what she meant,' eaid Max almost querulously. « Since I hwe survived her death I may live to be h h nndred. And Rbe npnke of twenty p ars. Mark me, Donald, she will come ! I moat get on with my work and be ready to receive ber. Stewart was pained and puzzled by the strange manner in which Max fastened on this fanciful idea. He eaid no more then, but could not foil to notice how this conversation formed a sort of turning point in his friend's con- valescense. Max began to recover in earnest, and now worried himself because his weakness prevented returning to his work at once. A little more alarmed for his Mend's mind than for his bodily health, Stewart determined to leave no effort unmade to restore the poor fellow to his normal state of health and strength ; and, being himself a rich man, he saw his way easily to providing the necessary care and change for the invalid who interested him so mnch. He wrote and ordered his yacht to come to meet them in the Mediterranean ; and Backing nn Max he carried bim awav for a summer's cruise across the world. This voyage was a great success, and Edelstein was, or appeared to be com pletely restored to health of body and mind. He no longer talked despondingly and ceased altogether to speak of his dead wife. Donald was almoBt Inclined to blame him for this, and said to himself that after all, those who sorrow moat wildly for bereavement are apt to be those who forget the soonest. Edelstein did not retnrn to Borne, but set up a studio in Paris. After that the star of bis fortunes rose higher and higher. Stewart had married and settled down on his Scottish estate, and only occasionally saw or heard of his friend daring a few days spent from time to time in the French capital, or by a short, bnt affec tionate letter penned in momenta of weariness by the great scnlptor to his friend. And so the years went over and the name of Max Edelstein was of Euro pean fame. Twenty years had pasBed away. Edel stein had been established long in London, and many of his mogt beaotifal works had been created for, and prized by Englishmen. Unbounded success was his, aud the ntmost admiration, and adulation had been ponced out upon him.. Nevertheless, he never allowed himself to be made a lion of. He lived in his work alone, had few Mends, took long walks with his pipe for sole companion, and was never to be seen in large social gatherings. His only society was that of one or two Mends who sometimes dined with bim In bis Tierfpctiv-annninted house. In women he felt no interest whatever, and would not have their company, no matter how flatteringly it might be offered to him. Invitations from great ladies dropped into his hands, bnt they failed to bring him captive into the most charming drawing-rooms. People said it was affectation, moroseness, conceit which made him live the life of a recluse in the heyday of his fame, Bnt Edelstein did not hear, or did not heed what they had to say. part n. On a certain hot night iu the end of Jane, Max Edelstein sat at -his lonely dinner-table with wine before him which he did not drink. His eyes were fixed on the opposite wall with a strange look in them of intense expectation mingled with longing. From time to time a slight frown of impatience contracted bis brows, his fingers moved restlessly, lifted the glass of wine, but eet it down again nntasted ; and then again the nerves of bis face relaxed, and, as if obedient to a familiar self-control, the whole man dropped back into a quiescent State of thought Twenty years had made a great change in the yonthfnl sculptor of Innsbrnck. His dark locks had changed to silver- white, bnt waving and plentiful as tbey were, this peculiarity only enhanced the beauty of a singularly vigorous and noble countenance. His dark eyes bnrned under a brow on whioh intellectual power sat enthroned. The dreamy sad ness which larked in some of the lines of the face had no weakening effect on its general expression, but jnst tempered the overwhelming force that was visible in every feature and every movement of the head. After sitting for an hour wrapped in his reverie he got np, and leaving the room, walked down a long passage to bis studio which was at the back of the honse. Here a lamp burned low, and he did not turn the flame to a fuller height, but paced np and down the large room, till by degrees the white fignres aronnd him became quite visible to his eyes in the semi-darkness. With folded arms and head sunk on his breast, he continued thus to give himself np to his thoughts or dreams, and at last paused before a statue at tbe feet of which bnrned tbe lamp which gave its dim light to the place. It was the statue of the Nymph which bore Hilda's features, aud which had been touched to greater tenderness of expression by her fingers in the days of their bethrotbal and in the spring of their lives. The first work of his, that sold to Donald Stewart had brought him gold and feme, it had been retained to bim by that faithful friend after Hilda's death, and for it he had substituted a work of equal beanty which held a high place of honour in the Scotchman's home. As Rdalfitain stood oannv At the feat- ures, dimly seen, but kissed to warmth by the red light of tbe lamp, a knock came on the door, and before the owner of the studio had time to express im patience at being interrupted, the door opened and somebody came in. ' Max !' Edelstein nttered a kind of cry, strange to heir from the lips of snch a man. ' Yon, Donald ?' he said, after a mo ment's straggle with Bome violent emotion. ( I thought — it was someone else.' ' Are yon not going to welcome me, old fellow V said Stewart, struck hy something strange in his friend. ' And why are yon mooning here alone in the dark V ' We artists have ways of onr own of going on,' said Edelstein with a short langb. But you are welcome, indeed, my friend.' And he seized Donald's bund in both his own, and almost crashed it with the energy of his grip. ' When were yon not welcome V ' All right, old fellow ! Get some more light, that I may see how you are thriving. Edelatein strnck a match and applied it to a large lamp on a bracket. ' I never let servants in here if I can help it,' he said ; offered a box of cigars to his Mend, lit his »wn pipe, and the two smoked for s few minutes In silence. Stewart watched his Mend's face as it settled back into its habitnal lines, and something that be saw there did not like, something indescribable which he had seen there before on occasions, bu never so plainly as now, disturbed him He scarcely knew how to begin a con versation so full was his mind of some thing he did not ventnre to mention ; bnt Max saved him the tronble of starting a subject. ' Donald, he said suddenly, ' do yon remember what night this is ?' Ah P aud Stewart. ' This night twenty years I held Hilda dead in my arma' My dear friend ' began Stew art. ' And some months later you told me of something she said.' 'Said?' 'About coming back.' Max f 'Stewart, I am expecting her. That is why I started when you came in at the door. I thought it was she.' Good Heaven, Edelstein ! are yon in earnest ?' ' Earnest ?' said Edelstein, laying down his pipe. 'Am I a man to jest, and on snch a subject !' ' Are those we love allowed to come back V Stewart said gently, trying to control his uneasiness and to speak nat urally. Of that I know nothing. She never broke a promise, and her love was perfect That is all I know.' 1 1 do not believe in ghosts,' said Stewart gravely. ' Ghosts ! Nor I , she will not come as a ghost, Donald. She will come as my wife, real as hersetij to live with me and comfort me for the rest of my life.' Stewart was silent. Tbe words fell heavily on his heart Max had over worked himself, and his friend remem bered painfully how, many long years ago, certain fears for his friend had troubled his own mind, ' Max, old fellow,' he said ' if Provi dence should alter the OBnal order of Nature's laws to comfort a heart so noble as yours, I, for one, will rejoice, as I think you know. In the meantime come out of this place for a while. You work too hard, and live too mnch alone.' ' Where shall I go ?' Take my advice for once, and let me take yon, not for a solitary ramble, bnt Into a crowd. Believe me, old friend, yon have been doing yonrself harm. Strange ideas are getting into your brain. There can be nothing like a complete change for patting yon straight.' Max passed his hand over his head. ' I believe yon are right, Stewart. I want a change. I will do anything yon hid me.' 'First of all then, before we make further plans, come off with me now to Lady B 's. I am intimate with her, and she will be only too prond to receive von.' Edelstein winced. ' I cannot bear a ball-room,' he said. 'Tbe sight of dancing has a carious effect upon me. I think of whirling dervishes. Now our dancing in the mountains——' He stopped, as a vision, clear and vivid as if only seen yesterday, arose before hiB eye, of Hilda and himself dancing among the children and neighbours, in the light of tbe sink ing snn, under the shadow of tbe pnrple hills. ' There will be no dancing. It is only a solemn reception. There will be a brilliant crowd, and we will jnst walk through. You need not speak unless yon like, and we will come away any moment yon please.' ' It is sorely against tbe grain,' said Max J ' but I will go to please yon.' He rose, and made a weary movement of hand to bead. ' You will wait a few minutes while I dress. Stewart,' he added, sud denly tarning with his hand on the door, and making a step towards bis friend, ' forgive me if I seem ungracious. I am going not only to please yon, but to escape from myself. These rooms have began to seem haunted to me. Some thing has been going wrong. I will shake off a weakness.' ' All right,' said Stewart. ' Blues from over- work, and over-concentration of thonght in one spot. I know all abont it, though I am not a worker.' Half an boar afterwards they entered a brilliantly- lighted house in St. James's, and were soon moving through a crowd composed of many of tbe most distin guished men and women in London. The hostess, who had seen Edelstein's noble face before, in his own studio, wae gratided at his appearance in her rooms, and received bim with flattering kindness. At a whispered word from Stewart, how ever, she allowed him to pass on into tbe crowd where few knew him by sight, owing to the extremely retired life which he had hitherto led. ' He is not very well,' Donald said to Lady B , ' and I have coaxed him out for once. But we mast not frighten him. If a fuss is made abont him he will go back into his shell.' And tact being one of Lady B 's virtues, she took no further notice of tbe famous sculptor. Gut of one magnificent room into another the friends sauntered, keeping together, till at last Stewart paused to talk to some Mends who greeted him warmly and held him fast, and Edelstein, straying on alone, fonnd his way into a drawing room smaller that the others, with walls pannelled in faint gold- colonred silk, upon which a few rare deep-toned pictures were shown to the fullest advan tage. There he took up his position at a corner of the tall cavern mantlepiece, and looked abstractedly round the place, with the air aud with tbe feeling of a man who has no part in the lives of the people by whom' he finds himself surrounded. Suddenly his eye became fixed, and an extraordinary change passed over his countenance. A shifting of the groups of people who occupied the centre of the room took place, and an opening in the crowd showed him the figure of a woman dressed in white, sitting against the cor ner of an antique cabinet, and looking like a picture of St. Barbara with her tower rising straight behind her. She was a girl abont twenty, exceedingly fair and pale, with a quantity of that faint-gold hair which belongs to babes, and which near t lie delicate yellow in tbe silken pannels looked strangely approaching lo silver. Although womanly in figure there was a certain snowily ethereal look about her, the only deep tonch of colour lying in the depths of he - blue and crystal clear eyes. She had < lonely look, and the air of awaiting some- . one whom she expected to come for her, and she seemed as little belonging to the crowd as Edelstein himself She was gazing through the doorway near, yet as if seeing nothing, utter unconscious of self in her face and attitude. It is said that if one human being looks long and intently at another, the person so observed will soon feel the effect of the unseen gaze, and be constrained to meet it. However that may be, the fair-haired girl turned her graceful head after some time, and looked straight across the room at Edelstein, who was gazing at her with Heaven knows what expression of recog nition and rapture in his eyes. A shock of surprise passed over her, and then a puz zled look crossed her free as if she thonght she ought to know the distingniBhed- looking person who thus seemed to claim her acquaintance, and was embar rassed at not remembering hiB indentity. At this moment Stewart reached the room and stood by his friend's side, who did not see him, but started at hearing the Scotchman's voice at hiB ear. ' Look, Donald, there she is,' said Edel stein in a low voice, thrilling with emo tion, and without moving his eager gaze from the white-clad girl at the other side of the room. ' She ! Who ?' asked Donald, started by his tongne and manner. ' Hilda — my. wife,' murmured Max in a voice in .which, low as was the utter ance, an agony of joy and amazement spoke. ' Max, are yon aware of how oddly yon are looking at that lady, who is a perfect stranger to you?' said Stewart, and pasBed his hand throngh his friend's arm, trying to draw him away. ' Stranger !' said Edelstein with a little laugh of joy. ' Do yon mean to say, man, that you do not recognise her V ' I do indeed see a curious likeness, Edelstein, but Burely I seed hardly eay to yon, be yonrself and do not give way to hallucination.' ' Max did not appear to hear him. 1 See how she looked at me 1' he mat tered, as tbe girl once more tamed her fascinated eyes, half frightened, half at tracted on his. ' Donald, do not hold me back. I must go and claim her. Oh, Heaven ! how strange to meet in snch a place as this 1' Stewart was shocked and agitated at this unexpected result- of his attempt to enre his Mend of a monomania. Amazed himself at the extraordinary resemblance in the girl before him to tbe long-lost Hilda, who slept in her Italian grave, he conld only think of one way of catting hort so painfnl a moment as this, and strove to induce Edelatein to quit the room with him. But another glance at Max told him he must hnmonr the great sculptor as he would humour a madman, 'Listen to me, Edelstein,' he said. ' Even if it be she, there are certain rales of etiquette to be observed. We must ask our hostess to introduce you to her.' ' What, to my own wife V ' Yes. No one here kuows that she is yonr wife, except yonrself, and you wonld not appear to be rode to a lady ?' ' Yon are right, Donald— always right.' ' Come, then, and let us lose no time.' Stewart had hoped to make his Mend forget this craze, and tried to lead him into other rooms, to interest him in the scnlptures of an old aud richly-decorated mansion ; bat be found that snch a hope was vain, for Edelstein dragged him straight to Lady B 's presence, aud obliged him to ask the desired introduc tion. 'Lady B , my friend Mr. Edel stein wishes to be introduced to a certain young lady in white in the yellow drawing-room. Can you kindly gratify bis wish V 'I can guesB who she is,' said Lady B , pleased by the interest shown by the great artist, usually so indifferent, in a favourite of ber own. ' She is Miss Trevelyan, a peculiarly beautiful and striking girl.' Max smiled a strange smile at Stewart, as if to say : ' We will humour this amiable woman, and keep our own secret for the present,' and then both men fol lowed their hostess as she moved towards the drawing-room. Tbe introduction was made, Lady B returned to the friends who required her presence elsewhere, and Edelstein stood by the girl iu white, trying to frame a sentence with his trembling lips. Stewart also stood by, having been introduced to the lady, and endeavoured, by his matter-of-fact remarks, to restore eqnanimity to two evidently embarrassed people. Au acquaintance coming up claimed his attention for a few minutes ; he was obliged to stand aside to let some ladies pass ; and in the crowd drifted to some distance. When be was once more disengaged, he turned to look for his friend, bat Edelstein and tbe Lady were gone. With a misgiving which he could not smother, Donald Stewart set out to search the rooms for his friend. After an interval of half an hour, and when he was almost thinking of returning to Edelstein's house, to seek him there, he at last discovered the sculptor and the white lady sitting in a retired nook half behind a curtain, and at an open window, bevond which the lighted tower of West- minster was seen to loom and born in the purple-dark mid-night sky. The sculptor's fine head was in relief against the sky, and he waB gazing in his companion's face with an intensity of love and joy which no words conld express. What he was saying Donald could not hear, but he was pour ing forth rapid words in a low impassioned voice. The girl was pale as death, and sat listening as a person who strives to remember, her eyes fixed on Edelstein's face. A look of awe was on her broad white brow, and with a strange, almost supernatural feeling winch he could not account for, Stewart felt shocked at hei/ amazing likeness to the long dead and buried Hilda. 4 Edelstein,' said Stewart, 4 excuse me bnt I tbink yon said you were anxious to leave this place early, and it is now about half-past twelve.' Max looked op at bim with a smile. Without noticing his words, he turned to the lady, and taking her hand, laid it in Stewart's, saying : j ' Hilda, this is our dear good friend Douaid, Vou remember It mv ; Hilda ?' ! The girl Buffered her hand to rest in Stewart's, and murmured dreamily : ' Yes, I remember ; he seems quite familiar to me.' ' Good Heavens !' thought Stewart, I ' has my madman met with a madwoman ' to complete his rain % or has she found ont that he is mad, and ia she humouring his whim through fear ?' (To be concluded in our next. J 