ABOVE THE SPEAKER. Br Twotheos. ' Timotheus placed on high." The Ministry, after all its trials, troubles, and escapes, is now enjoying easy times With the Railway Bill before the House, over the House, and about the House, the Opposition finds itself in a padded cell The leaders deem it their duty to make periodical demonstrations against the Government, in order to keep their followers in hand If there were nothing but non party debates, demoralisation might ensue Friendly relations might be established between the two sides, and this is an evil which must be averted by a judicious airing of wrongs Any excuse does But when the discussion grows either tedious or dangerous, Mr Bent has only to rise and to express his wonder and disgust that the House should be kept from the business which it desires to proceed with, namely, the Railway Bill, and Mr Berry a influence is tone In the attack upon the Minister of Lands, Mr Bent commenced the familiar oration His first point was that the real dummy monger is the member who submits dummy motions to stop the railway measure Had members who had been red-hot with anger before, calmed at once ' You sit down, then, was the cry ' No one else will follow me, asked Mr Bent "Fair play 1 ' Fair play 1 was the cry from the Opposition and soon the Lands department was forgotten, and members were merry with their lines The bill will be a month yet in the Assembly, and then it has to be dealt with by the Council It may last the session but the side issues which the Opposition are raising are proofs that the leaders think that there is at least an off chance, when the measure has left the House, of successful obstruction, and of a dissolution The Phoenix in the old days was only a burning question once in a century Our Pbamix is disposed of for nearly three years. The £22 000 bonus will keep the Ballarat works going for so long On Tuesday the majority was kind enough to say that, the Phoenix Company being provided for to that extent, the colony may be allowed to buy 25 locomotives in the open market, and by way of variety to pay only for machinery, and not of sentiment The discussion, which occupied the whole of Tuesday was but the ghost of the former debate Mr Berry's speech in moving his amendment, deserves, however to be studied by political beginners It is reported that a critical bearer of Disraeli's great attack upon the Irish University Bill remarked, ' Why, he said nothing to prevent him introducing the measure to morrow if he took office And so Mr Berry left himself free to order the locomotives If he said he were convinced of urgency, he would buy locomotives outside of the colony at once, but he doubted whether Ministers had exerted themselves sufficiently in the colony Right or wrong in such a case depends upon who sends the order Major Smith had been accused of drawing the long bow, and that hon. member felt it due to his character to explain how it is that the Ballarat locomotive purposes the poor things turned out at Williamstown and Melbourne The company sent to England and obtained the best machinery and the best men, and it imports the best materials The wonder is why the men being English, the machinery being Kngheh, the models being English, and the materials being English the product should be so infinitely superior not only to Williamstown and Melbourne, but to anything England can produce also It must be the atmosphere which does it. The debate upon the Terrick selectors who are said to be terrible dummies-was a reconnaissance in force It was intended by the Opposition to make as big a splash as possible When the Oats desire to make capital and when the Oats are of the radical persuasion, there is a great temptation to attack the Minister of Lands There are some good old ready made cries at hand The terms friend of the monopolist squatters took " dummy mongers agent are lying about, tempting as road metal to the street boy who sees a Mongolian and does not descry the police If a Minister of Lands is supposed to be exacting these phrases can be employed with effect If he is lenient, he can be charged with using the public estate to corrupt the constituencies This Mr Gillies found out when he was at the Lands office First an assault was made upon him for not issuing leases with all possible speed, and thus freeing Crown tenants from their position of dependence upon the Minister Secondly, when the leases were issued with a rush, Mr Gillies was accused of alienating the public territory wholesale in order to curry favour with the electors Nothing is more easy It seemed as if Mr Walter Madden was to be spared He has been nearly 12 months in office, and there has been no demonstration against him of the new men in the Ministry he has come least before the public, and the department which figures the least in history supposed to be the best managed But these halcyon day a are over The Opposition have come to the conclusion that they can make out a case against Mr Madden, and he may expect a continual ' nag There has been a delay in delivering judgment in the Terrick cases, because as Mr Madden says, he cannot get a transcript of the proceedings from the shorthand writers, but, as Mr James puts the case. ' what does common sense tell us are the Ministers motives? Common sense tells Mr James that they must be bad Mr Long more arrives at the same conclusion by a logical deduction If you go to the Lands office, you frequently see Mr Byron Moore there And says Mr Longmore sinking his voice to an impressive whisper, he can prove -it is on record that Mr Byron Moore's wife has a brother who is connected with a squatter ! If Ministers were honest, would they allow so guilty a creature to enter the Lands department? Mr Longmore says emphatically, " No " " Why, I only see Mr Moore once in three months, said Mr Madden " That is once too often, retorted the inflexible Mr Longmore Ireland, according to the hon member, is under the hoof of a despotism, and if Mr Madden is kept in the Lands office, and Mr. Byron Moore is not kept out, Victoria s position will soon be the same Mr Berry, while admitting that his " hon, friend had gone a little too far, spoke with warmth in his defence This shows that the reconciliation between the two is for the time complete Mr Kerferd was more vigorous than he has been for many a day in his rebuke of Mr Berry Mr Kerferd can listen to a great deal with patience, but the idea of taking away from selectors the right of appeal, of deciding without hearing counsel, of hurrying on with a judgment, was too much for him, and he denounced the member for Geelong there and then as a semi revolutionist. This shows that a certain coalition scheme is for the time abandoned On the whole it may be questioned whether the demonstration was a success The e is not enough substance in the indicator at for it to remain long in the memory of the country And it brought vividly home to the constitutional party the width and depth of the gulf which divides them in tone, temper, and feelings from the men of the advanced radical school Mr Madden declared that one of the counsel in the Terricks case spoke for seven hours at a stretch, with an interval of a quarter of an hour for refreshment This learned gentleman proceeded to fear that the Minister would not remember one half the points unless he had a report before b m, and Mr. Madden frankly admitted so much. The horrors of the Minister's situation-the tortures he must have undergone were dwelt upon by Mr. Duffy. Barristers are partial to obtaining seats in Parliament, and Mr. Duffy went on to express a fervent hope that at least this seven hours' orator would never find his way into that Chamber But be is there already It is Mr. Fisher s speech that the shorthand writers shirk transcribing, and which Mr Madden, having heard die in bed, has given a pledge to lead has again. No wonder the member for Mandurang felt called upon to use in his place and rebuke he stormy passion of his own side, and publicly testify that of all the Ministers he has ever met with the most impartial and patient is Mr. Madden. What virtues are there that a father does not perceive a good listener? Members may take their pleasures sadly, like other Englishmen, but they make merry about the Railway Bill. The measure is proceeded with in the spirit of a joke. A question arises whether a line does not interfere with some established interest, or contending towns may claim the honour and profit of being the starting point of the new departure. Then there is strife. The members of the affected and rival districts seek to make friends unto themselves of a majority. They are kind and conciliatory to all manners of men. Thus Mr Gillies, who had to argue on Thursday that for Swan hill to have a line is monstrous, because such a railway would sadly interfere with Echuca, declared that day that Mr. Madden was quite in the right in the Lands department dispute, while he recognised that Mr. Berry might not think that he was in the wrong-and be both sides ought to agree with him, and omit the Kerang extension to the Murray. But the line is carried by acclama- tion-with cheers and laughter provided that it corresponds to the old Anglo Saxon of the human soul, coming from no one knows whence, and going no one knows whither." Traffic returns are obsolete. One formula pulls the line through. " If population ever Bettles there," says the Ministers "I believe the land is capable of anything So are the members. Of the petitioners for new lines the most successful has been Mr Gibb The member for Mornington desires to strike out boldly in a south east direction towards the ocean acrOSS a space where, in the old maps, " Geographers on trackless downs Place elephants In lack of towns " The Premier admitted that it was only a trifling difficulty that there is no population just at present in the south coast because there may be some day, but he thought it curious that 20 miles of the route have never been explored Some people say that there are lofty ranges in this unknown country, others that there are swamps, and some speak of the bunyip At first the house was staggered, but Mr. Patterson came to the rescue He remarked upon the ease the clearness, and the fluency with which Mr Gibb had stated his case. " The hon member," he said, "can speak, and can speak well, and yet we have never heard him for two sessions He has let others talk on, Can we refuse him what he asks for news The appeal told. There were cries of, " Give the silent member his line," and the Government, not insensible to such persuasion, gave way. In due course the kangaroo and the wild duck beyond the Koo wee pup, who have never heard the sportsman's shot, will be startled by the whistle of the locomotive These are the bubbles of the current Mr Bent is king, and is happy He has introduced a pointing wand to enable him to indicate on the map the hitherto unknown places to which the new lines run, and when the implement was first seen, members exclaimed, with a burst of laughter, " Why, it's a fishing rod. This is toe Minister's little joke "My next bait," he says, "I mean my next sub section, is the line from the important town of Nowhere towards the heart of the fertile wilderness " 