' You look tired and weak, Lord Ronald,' said Hartson, dextrously changing the sub ject. 'Have you had food or drink -since you came in'?' The young lord replied in the negative. Hartson rang the bell and ordered dinner to be served for Lord Ronald and himself in their own parlor. He also ordered a bottle of sherry, which was brought up immediately. Ronald drank a half glass of sherry and re turned to his sofa. And then, laying back at his ease among the cushions, he told the story of his singular captivity at Vine Lodge and narrarted the manner 6f his escape. Hart son listened eagerly, weighing the facts ju dicially.. ' The Earl has not been over two months at Charlewick,' said the lawyer at last.' ' Where did he pick up this Pietro ?' ' Perhaps he brought him with him on his return toEiEngland,' said Lord Ronald.. - But why do we assume that the earl has been out of England during these twenty years of absence and silence? He is a strange, secret, mysterious man. He may have been in England all these years under a dis. guise. I have heard of such things.' ' So have I, my lord ; but the earl, I am convinced, came from some foreign country when he returned to Charlewick-le-Grand. He had a foreign sort of look. He has been ;n a hotter climate than .that of England,'I am sure.' SIn Spain,. perhaps.," This: Piekro' had a Spauish look.' ' Diggs told me below:that you-;where found, and how he 'canme upon' you,'` said' Hartson. 'Diggs has really'won6'rmy"good' opinion during your absence, Ltord Ronald. He has been untiring in his search for you, hos laboured day and night to find you, and exhibited'I an actual affection'for yoiu.' .'He is hot like the rest of his family-but, there!s generally an odd sheep in:every flock., IHe" told me the day you disappeared that he had no idea where you 'had gone; but the next day he said something about Hackney, and we spent three;or four-days in exploring 'that region and the Eastern- districts.' 'They continued their conversation intil the' waiters came up with the: dinner,' whichli'pre sented a striking contrast to thiefrugali meals' Lord Ronald had known "of late. Diggs, sleek and silent, mrade his appearance and took his place behind his master's chair. He was able to gather a pretty clear idea of Lord. Ronald's recent, adventures r through; i;the scraps of conversation he was enabled to pick ip' :during the;coburse of 'the nmeal, "and, it: might have been noticed that: his blow was' considerably :lightir land .his.. manner more assured when at- length the remains of fthel dinner had ;been :emoved 'alld he wis:disi missed.,' ;' You look a thousand r per cent. better, Lord Roniald said 'Harison, smiling, .wheni the,two,were alone together., :' When I came in you .looked' liked; a., ghost. and was ,s all a-tremble. 'Now there is color in your cheeks) anrd light in your'eyes. ; I think, perhaps, I: may'now venture to place in your hands 'a slender little clue that may lead to our; dis covery of Miss Clair.'. , . 'A.clue:!i! You:said you had found none.' 'i 'No clue to. her whereabouts-her, actual abode,' said the lawyer. ' That is true. : But in the course of my researches I have stumbled tupon her'very track. She is not in London.' ' No, I knew.that.' S' She culd nrot be traced at the raiiway stations or shipping offices, because she left London in a carriage,' continued the lawyer, with a little flush ot triumph. 'She was ac compahied by her father and her maid. She drove to Dover in easy stages, and crossed, the Channel. She was seen at Paris, a week after leaving Charlewick-le-Grand, but she was very secluded while in Paris, hot going out among English residents at all. A friend of mine, whom I met the other day on Regent-street, and who lives at Exeter, and who'knows Miss Clair very well by sight,. declared to me that he saw her in a carriage in the Bois du Boulogne, in company with her father, and that she bowed to6him.-. My friend thinks that Miss' Clair is still ifi Paris, in private lodgings, in a secluded quarter, under the close guardianship of her father.'..: 'We must start for Paris to-night.' ' Following up my search for you, I made" another discovery, Lord Ronald.,. On the very night of your disappearance . Lord Charlewick left Charing Cross for Paris, via Dover and Calais.' 'That proves that Miss Clair: aid her father are in Paris most conclusively. ..Diggs saw the earl at Hackney to-day, so his lord-' ship is in London. He has probably come to make some arrangements about me. While he is occupied in searching for me in London;, iwe mist be: on our' way 'to 'Paris, and must find Miss Clair." - I According ' with' -this resolution;'. Lord Ronald Charlton, Hartson, and the sleekand droopinrig-eyed Diggs, set out that very even. ing by the night mail for Paris. , . Shaw and Smith, for the attempted robbory at the Avenal Bank, have been committed for trial.. Erysipelas again broken out in the Melbourne hospital. , , ,, A property in Collins-street, Melbourne, :bought three months ago for £52,000, now offered' for £72,500. . .; - : *j 