Passing Notes. Nowadays nearly everybody drinks Australian wins (or as it is still unwisely and unquestionably vulgarly called 'colonial ' wine), and yet a great many persons, perhaps most persons, profess not to like to drink it, and are ashamed to be seen to drink it. Everybody knows it is good, and genuine, and wholesome, and yet hardly any body will admit that it is as good as imported wine. People will give 60s. a dozen for that anomalous com position known as claret — a name unknown in tha country where the wine Englishmen call claret is made— and they will offer it to their visitors, know ing perfectly well that Australian Burgundy, Hermitage, or Sauvignon at 20s. is immeasurably superior to it. Some economical hypocrites will decant Australian Burgundy into claret jugs and give it to their friends as fine Bordeaux or Chateau-Margaux, and their Mends will drink it and praise it as French wine, the while dispraising the good wine grown upon Australian soil and pointing out that it will be many years before wine of that kind can be produced in this part of the world. And it is one of the standing jokea of who real Australians acknowledge the excellence of Australian products to put unlabelled Australian wine before their guests, and let them drink it and praise it in the belief that it is French wine. The real jest in all this little wine comedy is, however, that nearly everybody taking part in it knows the humbug of which he is guilty. The wine interest of these colonies is a very important one, and a large amount of capital is invested in it. An enormous- quantity of wine is drunk in the country in which it is produced ; and for all that, those who make it, those who sell it, and those who drink it are, or profess to be, ashamed of acknowledging that they do so. We are speaking generally, for, of course, there are exceptionally sensible persons who openly claim for Australian wine the credit it deserves. No doubt, its complete and uniform recognition is & question of time. Meantime those half-hearted persons who know Australian wine to be good, but who are afraid of saying so, require encouragement. It ought not to be considered mean, as sometimes it ia declared to be, for a man to put 'colonial ' wine on his table when he gives a dinner-party. But ' society ' people affect to be shocked at any one invit ing you to dinner, and offering you wine which doea not come from over the sea. And it is ' society ' people who keep up these affectations, and many weak minded but well-meaning people are afraid of 'society' edicts, and will consequently drink their sour 'claret ' because it is European, when they might have a sound and perfectly pure and mature wine which has been produced close to their doors. If there were not so much cowardice in our intercourse one with another, we should not be afraid to say we like good Australian wine better than inferior French wine, But every body knows that cowardice is the fashion of the time. We are so desperately afraid of speaking the truth that we continually join in meannesses that, in our hearts, we despise, and which cause us to despise ourselves for so joining in them. It is only people who are generally known as strongminded who are bold enough to stand, out against an unreason able prejudice. The rest of the world all defer to authority ; and authority, in social matters, is generally arbitrary and irrational, and in nothing is it more irrational than in its refusal to recognise the excel lence, both absolute and comparative, of Australian wine. ? At this holiday season, when everybody gives up working, and tires himself a great deal more by play ing, it is not from the purpose to consider whether some of those old jokes which have had no rest for an untold length of time should not at last be permitted a period of repose. And this question really introduces the still larger question of whether some sort of penalty could not be fixed, and the means of its enforcement settled, for obtaining the credit of originality on false pretences in this matter of jokes. For this sort of imposition is now practised so barefacedly, that it is not thought either criminal or discreditable to pass off as quite new the most worn-out jests of the moat dogseared jest-book. If that semi-mythical person Joe Miller, who, because he never made jokes, haa been credited with all that were extant in his time, could rise from his grave and hear the flagrant impo sitions that are now practised, he would be the un happiest ghost that ever wore winding-sheet* And he would be expressly indignant against those incorrigible impostors, who furbish up old jokes with local lacquer. For while the appro priation of an old story, or retort wholly im altered, may be proved against the appropriator without difficulty, it is not so easy to put down the flagranoy which is masked with immediate circumstance. When the narrator solemnly declares that he knew the place and the persons, or that he was present when the thing happened, unless we are prepared to tell him he is a (prefix) liar, there is nothing further to be said. He has us at his mercy. We have no book about us to show that the event happened 50 years ago, and if we had, he would triumphantly exclaim that the coinci dence was very remarkable ; or that history certainly did continually repeat itself. Or, calculating upon the present company never coming together again, and anxious only for temporary triumph, he would blandly inform us that we were labouring under some curious misapprehension. And it is to be remembered that these retailers of old jokes in new dresses tell them so frequently, that they come in time to credit their own lies, and feel genuinely hurt that anybody should cast the smallest doubt upon their credibility. Now, the literature of jests is a good deal scattered, and it is not everybody who keeps a jeat-book library. Nothing, in fact, is so difficult as to get at the exact beginning of a mot, or to be sure of its authorship. It may be Sydney Smith's, or Theodore Hook's, or Douglas Jerrold'e, or Rochefoucauld's, or Talleyrand's, or Voltaire's, or Madame de Stael'e ; or, still very much further back than all these, and many more wit-crackers, it may belong to that mine of curious pleasantry left by Montaigne. What is wanted, therefore, in this age, when time is too valuable to spend a whole day in hunting up a quotation, is a jest-cyclopaedia, so that one might have a ready means of at once bringing to shame and con fusion those purloiners of other men's inventions, who, not content with stealing, disfigure what they steal, as gipsies used to dye the faces of the children they kid napped, Any litterateur, therefore, in search of a new undertaking which shall bring him fame, and perhaps profit also, is at liberty to avail himself of this suggestion. 