LOCAL NEWS. The local sculling match referred to in our last issue is deforrod until next Saturday. | Yesterday morning a Hawker and Pedlar's | License was granted to William Davis for the j term of 12 months, by A. M'Dowall and W. Southcrden, Esqs., J.J.P. Last night the Town Hall presented another gay scene, when a ball, under the auspices of tho P.A.F, Society, took place. The room was gaily docoratod with flags, conspicuous amongst which was the handsomely designed flog of the Society. Mr. A. S. Wells, M.G., performed the office of M.C., and bore his part well. With au even number of partners, and a not too j crowded room, tho revellers ought to have en- ^ joyed themselves. - Wjj understand that the rc»opcning perfor mance of tho talented Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Company, at tho Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening next, willl be given for tho benefit of the Girls' New Grammar School. 'H.M.S. Pinafore' will bo put upon the stage in perfect style, the company having been strengthened by the arrival of extra Lilliputians. The affair will be under the patronage of the Trustees of the Grammar School, and no. doubt the hall will be crowded. On Thursday whilst John Conner was pre* ceeding along the streets with his carrier's dray heavily ladened with stores, and on arrival at tl e junction of Lennox and Sussex-streets, opposite Father O'Reilley's residence, one of the wheels sank deeply in the trench recently filled in on laying the water mains. After spending. a con siderable length of time in digging out the wheel ho went on his way notrejoicingbutblessingthe Corporation contractors. We should advise all who can spare the time to pay a visit to the Royal Marionette Exhibi tion in a tent closo to the School of Arts. The performances of tho little dolls are ludicrous in tho extreme, the ballet for instance is really a marvel of ingenuity being even accompanied by highly indecorous kicks into tb® air by tho pre miere dansaisc, A play is gone through which is well mounted and the life-like move ments while laughable are at the same time very surprising. A children's performance at reduced prices takes place this afternoon. At the Police Court on Thursday four abo riginals were brought up in custody beforo tho Police Magistrate, and sentenced to 24 hours imprisonment for being drunk in tho streets. 'Shortly afterwards John M'Crca pleaded guilty to the charge of wilfully exposing his person in Bazaar street, and was fined £1, with the alternative of 7 days imprisonment. On tho following day (Friday), beforo A M'Dowal), Esq., J.P., August Sinsbocfe appeared under a warrant for negligently injuring a working bullock, the property of Joseph Clcary. Mr. Powers appeared for the complainant and Mr. Morton for the dofondant. Tho hearing of the case was adjourned until Tuesday next, bail, being allowed, the defendant in the sum of £5 and ono surety in the like amount. Eli Honloy was summoned for absconding from the hired scrvico of James Graham, baker, and neither , party putting in an appearance the case was dis missed. Robert Chrlstio was summoned by the Actiug Crown Lands Banger- for a breach of tho Timber Regulations, when tho cose was ad journed ui$l Juesday next, Paofbssob Pepper loft Brisbane yoBterday in tho Dorwent, and may bo expoctod to arrivo here with his assistants and ghost paraphernalia to-day. From tho programme advertised it will bo seen that tho manager has arranged for tho Professor to givo also a War Diorama, very suitable to the present timo, as showing what grand artillery England possesses, and what terrible havoc eomo preliminary trials have cro atod. The ' Woolwich Infant' and the gigantic ' 80-ton gun'- will be included, and will give some idea of the kind of engines of ^war now bo ing brought to bear in tho destruction of tho fortifications at Alexandria. Professor Pepper will give entertainments at the Town Hall, Maryborough, on Monday and Tuesday next, and aftor wards proceeds to Gymplo.-* 1 Last evening a meeting was held in the Council Chambers with the object of forming a local Fire Brigade. His Worship the Mayor, Alderman Bryant, presiding. There were also present, Messrs. D. Kerr, Jas. Cutler, J. W. Moore, D. A. Campbell, J. T. Duncan, Jonathan Murray, J. Byrne, H. A. Jones, A. Barker, Geo. Bushnell, G. Sprague, J. Larkin, and H. Milner. The Mayor after stating the object of the meeting, explained that under the Fire Bri gades Act it was necessary to first form the brigade, and then apply to the Government to get the town proclaimed under the Act. All the persons mentioned above gave in their names and were duly enrolled as members. The Mayor moved "That subscription lists be sent round to the various merchants, insurance agents, and bankers in town for the purpose of raising funds to supply the plant requisite to establish a Fire Brigade in the town." This was seconded by ex- Alderman Murray and carried. A long dis cussion ensued, and it was eventually decided that members be of the full age of 21 years. His Worship also moved, and ex-Alderman Murray seconded, ' That this meeting stand ad journed till the 25th inst., to enable the Town Clerk to ascertain the amount of subscriptions promised towards the Plant, and that in the meantime if the Mayor receive applications for 35 effective members, he apply to the Govern ment to have the town proclaimed under the Act.' This was also duly passed. The Mayor remarked that the moment a sufficient number of members enrolled themselves he would apply to have the town brought under the Act. We may state that the book of enrolment is in the hands of the Town Clerk, who will be happy to receive the names and signatures of persons able and willing to become members of the brigade. This is a step in the right direction, and if ac- complished will supply a long-felt want, and add to the security of many tradesmen and property owners. We trust that a number of | our active and patriotic citizens will enrol themselves as members in order to form such a brigade as will be a credit to the community. 