A TRIP IN A COLLIER. (St. James's limited.) We had groped down Channel in a wretched cold fog, that let us see nothing but a blurred and lead-coloured circle of water around us, with a smooth' shortish swell lifting us heavily. The only living thing" I saw from the Downs to the Bill of Portland was a guillemot, and I began to heave poetic thoughts of the little bird and its loneliness ; the reflection that the little bird was making things very unpleasant for various small fishes not being of the kind that occur in sentimental moments. We had been very untidy' when we left the dock ; everything was plastered with grime, and, you could not lay your hand anywhere without bringing away a black patch. But before we got to Ushant we were very smart indeed. The hose had been kept going, and the odour of varnish was apparent everywhere. The, chief industry of the modern collier sailor consists in scraping paint off and laying paint on. We were not on board one of my old black apple bowed friends, or we should have had to beat every yard of the way, and there would have been, little time for practising the decorative arts. Our boat was a big brown iron box, capable of moving at eight knots when all was fair, and gifted with an excellent knack of throwing water over her self whenever opportunity offered. She had been built on sternly practical principles). Her builder had not performed any of the scamped work that sends so many steamers to the bottom ; but he had carefully disregarded considerations of speed and beauty. Troopship, had enough horse-power to drive her, but nothing to spare for emergencies ; so that she was in all respects a fair speci- men of her unlovely chess. There were seventeen of us aboard. The true sailor cannot bring himself to recognise the existence of an engineer, and the stoke hold' and engine-room are always at feud with the cabin and forecastle. Engineers are only grimy shadows to the crew. Noises as of bad language coming from the throbbing deeps amidships, and black figures crawl up if certain hours and discharge ashes through the Scoop. But the sailor extends to these beings no title to existence. They are the brownies of nautical life ; they do useful work, but they must not be gazed upon by the proud mariner. My own companions were all good fellows. In my watch there was a fine Shetlandman with great limbs and a singularly handsome face. He had a soft voice and an engaging manner ; but he was a bit of a Scamp. There was also a delightful Italian ; he had served long in English ships, for he liked good pay and good food ; but he never got over his contempt for everything British. Superstitious, acute, credulous, funny, he was like a child in many things. His prattle was very amusing when we could snatch a half-hour in the night. We had also a jolly little Norwegian : he yelped dreadfully when he her to haul on a rope, but that was his only fault ; he wash ability as a cat, and his merry time was never off his face. The rest of the crew were English- men, who had all served in sailing vessels, and there was not a single useless man among them. The skipper was in aged child who had never seen the world, excepting in that one-sided way peculiar to sailors. A better seaman was never bred. For fifty years he had worked continuously, and no mail could teach him anything about the management of a ship. But he had never overcome his first astonish- ment at finding himself in a steamer. In the old days he went through the orthodox course. He dropped down the Tyne and made his way south with the black fleet. Then he discharged in the Pool, and returned racing light with his squat black brig. Year after year he had coasted until the time came for him to take longer trips. Then he had knocked about all over the world with a smart barque, until he succumbed to the abomination for all mariners the steam an abomination until they got command of a steamship, and then of, course they are contemptuous enough in their comments on " wind- jammers." When we were going smoothly over the Western Ocean roll, the skipper would stand and 8.13' solemnly, Lord, who would a about at ever used in crossing' the Bay in iron." His wonder and awe at an iron ship that could actually float remained ever fresh with him. Hisbolief in historic England was fervent, and was always expressed with the full power of an enormous chest. As for Radicals, atheists, politicians, Noncon- formists, and Reformers, he would send them away to uttermost ruin on the blast of, his wrath. He did not know what monarchy meant ; but he knew that England became great under a monarch)', and therefore he was prepared to inflict the severest physical punishment on anyone who, spoke evil of the royal family. He considered voluminous swearing as quite consistent with religious devotion, and it was manifest that he could not think of any given foreigner as an equal. I it was very pleasant when we got away on the long roll of the Western sea. To suppose that a steamer is noisy is a mistake. In a ample of days the throb of the propeller affects you no more than your own pulse, and the deep, wide repose of the sea comes upon you. Work went 011 during the day. M)' shipmates performed feats with scrapers and I brushes, and I was told off to "chip" a vast expanse of rust and hardened paint. There is no violence about the daily labour if the mate is a man who knows his business. With a driving bully thingsnro sufficiently bid ; but with a quick, active 1913-14 who economisesiwords, the time passes very pleasantly in fine weather. The nights are singularly impressive. The ship takes her vast rolling flights over the long seas, and you hear, the huge wash of the waves as she plunges. ' If you are on the high bridge when she is rolling, you describe great area through the air, and you come near the dark swirl of the sea, with a pleasant nearness. The ships start up and glide b3' like ghosts ; the low wind makes hoarse melody in the rigging, and you move through the still, strange country. When the sky hangs low you feel what Mahomed meant when he talked of the " mischief of the Night when it cometh on." But when you have got over the first tremor caused by the dropping shadows, the dark becomes wondrous smile almost comforting. When my friend had rolled himself in his blanket, after we were relieved, I used to go in beside him and sit smoking. A little whisky is good after one has come from the keen air and the capacity one acquires for con- suming neat spirit is really remarkable. We hipped our grog during one kindly half hour, and chatted of youth and home and the golden prime, and other philosophic matters. Then my wild friend would heave a comfortable sigh, and say-" There's many a worse life than this. I wouldn't swept with anybody." Even if it blew hard, and we got well wet through, the young stock was always joyous and contented as soon as he got into his berth. And to a highly educated man it is almost inevitable that the free labourers life" of the sea should be satisfactory. If we had been forced to turn out in the middle of our watch below and haul on stiff ropes, with the vessel washing herself from stem to stern, perhaps we should not have been content. But that is the beauty of steam ; you never need turn out until your dead heavy' sleep) of four hours is over. Presently we got Finisterre weather. A tremendous gale came away, and for three mortal days and nights we had to fight through ahead sea and against ahead wind. Then our craft showed her noble properties. She made about three knots an hour, and this with an amount of swagger and noise that was singularly)' impressive. When we blundered into a space where a strong cross sea ran she rolled her rails under ยก when we met each third big wave of a fair head sea she struck at it wildly, and sent huge masses of water careering and swirling aft. We could not work, so we made the best we could of the time. The rain came in sharp plumps that (logged our oilskins with the sound of whips, and cut viciously at our faces. But there was always the fun of watching a woeful fireman getting caught under the green water when he came to empty his ashes and there was always the comfort of watching the desolate looking sailing ships, scurrying like frightened birds amid the roaring war of the dark waves. On the whole it was enjoyable. When the second dog-watch came, a few of us gathered (after 6 o'clock) in the warm lamplit berth where the Italian and our inimitable carpenter slept. There was smoked and laughed, while the thunder of water roared over our heads and the sheets of flashing spray fell with a sodden sound on the deck. Then there was the fun of dodging aft when the bells went. You might be taken overboard, but there was very little fear) Apropos of this, and as illustrating the peculiar impassivity of the thorough sailor, I may mention a thing that one of our dear hardworking Englishmen said. He had once been washed clean through the port of a sailing- ship during bad weather; the next sea washed him on board again. I asked, "What did you think when you found yourself overborn d A" "I thought, Why, I'm overboard !'" "And what did you think when you touched the deck again 1" " I said to myself ' By-I'm aboard again !'" The gale broke, and a joyous morning came up over the Spanish Bill's. The spray flew like diamonds, and the beautiful little fruiting schooners dashed over the glad green water with an ineffable Miggi-tiiui of swiftness and security. The strange fishing boats, with their variation of the finger ring, flitted around like white birds, and a great four-masted ship swept by like a stately cloud. The hunt must worship on mornings like this, when you cannot speak for delight, 1 handled in) chisel and chipping hammer with a merry meeting; and when we had to put the li) sail, on her, of li exalted beyond myself as I looked a r the illimitable'slietch' of bounding!. wave, streaked with the din of foam. lV..|.le say the sailors do not and. island Fenn v. They do not talk; about it, but they it of a good deal, and show their finding upon,. ion ly. On the whole, life before the mast is- jolly caught in a well-built and w t Reonui uni. I could. I, let him be car in low and yet he did') I sea-boat. Ah 7000 5. a build can-, be. 11 hung, with a thrown r to keep him jump at) the one for turning; out bad work !. and the other for buying the bad work cheap thee will be no 111010 iron collar,, and the decent kindly race of' seamen will have an enviable life. 