I A BEAL GHOST. Wu A. J. DUFKIKI.D, of Bellvuo House, j Newlyn, Penzance, professes to lmvo seen a I real ghost. Writing to tho SPKCTATOK, ho says : " If I loll you that I once saw, outside ! my fancy, a woman who was 2000 miles off at tho time, I shall not only ho generally dis ยก believed, but laughed at as well. I havo often ? told the story in private life, but not till now ; have I told it in print. Twonty-threo years ago i ns I was looking out of thc window of General I Torlco's rancho at Chorillo's, ten miles south of j Limn, Per.i, there passed by several Indios nnd I gentlemen on horsoback. A Indy, whom I ! will call Hrs Morena (tho Spanish rendering j of ii common English name), was ono of tho i guy cavalcade, Sho was so beautiful, that I ' have remembered her face with tho oaso with j which I nm able to recall tho Victoria Regina, or tho yellow convolvulus, or tho bluo orchid, ns .when I first saw those beautiful Howers in thoir native hinds. I had never spoken with I Airs Morena, or her husband, who nccompnniod 1 her, nnd who was then on his way to Jauja, I from tho United States, to get healed of con- sumption. Three yours ago, as ono morning us I hiy musing in my bunk in a Cunard steamer, crossing tho Atlantic, in full daylight, nnd having my eyes wide open, Mrs Morena enmo into my cabin, and, to my sorrow, went out of it ns quickly ns she cumc in. Thereupon 1 roso, bullied, dressed, and wont up lo breakfast. It was late ; tho saloon was nearly deserted, and I found only two fellow-passengers, talking to- gether und outing hain and eggs. I had never soon eithor. Tho common mimo of Morona was mentioned between tho two, and I, lining full of my vision, remarked, at a vonturo to him who sat next to mo, ' Mrs Morena is moro plum]) than she was 20 yenrs ugo.' My neighbour turned on mo a quiet look of in- quiring surprise. Putting bis hand into tho breast- pocket of his coat, ho draw out ono of thoso excellent photographs for which some American photographers aro so celobrnted. 'Is Unit tho lady you moan V ho gently demanded ; and I answered, ' Certainly, and you soo sho is rathor stouter.' ' When did you seo hor last V was tho noxt question ; and I answered, 'This morning.' Tho gentleman with the photograph was Mr Morena, tho husband of my beautiful lady. We became friends,'! we had may social yarns together j ho told me of his residence in Jauja, of the complete euro of his lungs, tho number of Iiis children, and many moro dear, delightful, household things in which I had no interest,"'..'.'He invitedimo to his house. On our arrival at Now: York, Morona telegraphed to his wife, who replied, , whilst. he waited in tho tologrnph oilice,: that they wore all quito well at home. Nothing happened. I had.not to my recollection, thought of tho Morenas for years before. Is it very diflicult to understand when two or three aro met together under cer- tain given circumstances,'that a real presence may bo vouchsafed to each ?" 