CHATEAUX EX ESFAGXE. [nr tristram. jl built me a castlo high up in tho air, ; ' And I furnished it through and through:, - I fill'd it with treasures all rich and rare, And I flattered myself that when onco I was there, I'd scorn what fortune could do, , I mado me a garden, full of choicest of flowors, • That I’d gather’d through many n year, And 1 thought how ploaBunfc would pass tho hours, That I hoped soon to spend in those swcot-scented bowers, , Unmolosted by sorrow or fear. My hoart was bravo, and with hopo well •filled, And my futuro seemed passing fair; In the sweet calm of love, all youth’s passions wero stilled, With thoughts of great deeds my soul was tliril For my castlo was built in tho air. For mortals loss blcsB’d, I could feel some pain, And sonio j>ity I had to bestow ; Nor stopp’d rtliero, for none in their train, .: • Having asked alms onco, had to ask again For Buoli kindness as I could show. I was happy tliou, for my lifo was sweet, No’ertholcBS I was anxious to know, . Why midst crowds of men, who with tireless foot, From morn till ovo passed mo by on the street, So many seemed bowed with woe. With lustreless eyes, and drooping niion, They hurriod or slouched nlong, Each suggesting a talo of what might lmvo been, Could they their futuro nt least have foroseon, Before they had joined that throng. Perclmnce thoy too had had dreams of bliss, Had builded their cables in air ; * What thon in thoir lives had gone so amiss, What misfortunes replaced their hopes with this Lifo of sullen and blank despair, "Twas sad to think of tho foarful blight, From tho hand of fate that was there— Tho dismal pall that shut out their light, And robbed each one of his onco-chomhed right To think all is good that is f*ir, Tho' I sorrowed for othors, no grief of my own Had thon uny plaeo in my breast; I was sure, howe’er misfortunes might frown On tho lives of thoso who wero thus cast down, From her wiles 1 was safely at rest. Vain thought! Vuin mortal to think such a thought I For thoro soon camo a time, ah mo 1 When the aerial castlo with bucIi happiness fraught, To a hopeless nmss of ruin was brought, Liko frail craft in a stormy sea. No longer might I, midst sweet-scented flowers Whose colours and forum wero so rare, Kejoice in-tho charms of thoso hoav’nly bowers, Wherein I was fain to spond sunny hours, BecauBo 'twero such bliss to bo there. I nood not tell why, or by whom, wero overthrown, This garden and “ castlo in Spain,” They^wore poised on hopo—and when hopo hud Tha only foundation thoy over had known, Thoy vanished with all their train. Years have fled by, and I look back now, To tho days of my blissful dream ; Tliosa years have been lived, I scarce can tell But thoy tell of many a brokon vow, For my courso has boon M ’gainst tho stream.” They ore lighted with none of thoso visions of With which earlier years were so bright; Through gloomy dark paths, my way 1 now grope, All cheerless, and rayless, and powerless to cope With the spectres that haunt my night. . For years have “ tho waters gone over my soul,” , And I dwell in the grave of wrecks; , ’ , Far above on tho surfueo tho licrco waves may roil, And work their wild will from equator to polo, But my lifo can they no longer vex. Oblivion sweet is u refugo for mo— I was tired ami languished for rest. My hopes aro all lied, from ambitions I’m free, I nin cast down, and withered, and dead liko a 1 That is doomed to feed Arcs unblest. From out #f tho deep, for tho last time of all—. List! oh youths and maidens fair— With tho voico of regret, in sadness ! call,* And want you to ever beware of tho thrallj (Tho hopeless wreck that may come from tho fall) Of tho castles you build in tho air. OUT OF THE FIFE.* By Henry Kendall. He was young when ho entered that sphere, Where tho pleasures of sin aro attained; And n devil came close to his ear, 1 And whispered, and tempted, and gained. On the world with tho eyes of a child Ho looked. It was little ho know; 1 And tho sharks who wero after him smiled With joy at the plunder in view. By chance ho was suddenly placed Whero lifo is a fover—a flame, ; And plausible rascals mado hasto To rob him, and bring him to slmmo. From green quiet forest-lands hurled Into city, ho needed a guide; But lie hadn’t a frioud In tho world,| To thrust tho black tempter aside, xie lmd money—a fortuuo indeed : But monoy meant ruin to him, For he followed n blood-sucking breed ; Into dons of iniquity—dim. At tables of cards and of dice, Ho wasted his means ; and lie know . But tho glaro and tho glamour of Vico In nights full of glittering dew. Ah ! often ho lingered in tears, , While morning walked over tho sea, And thought of tho beautiful years, When his mates wero the torrent and treo. But over Acliitophel stood, , With shining Aholuh between The spirits of evil and good j And tho past became brightness unseen. ' One day whon tho drink smothered thought, Ho mot with a sharper named Holt; And, maudlin and muddled, ho bought ' A big, but an ill-looking colt. But a stable-lad whispored, “Dopond On my word, tliero is stull' in Tho Scud; He will win a great race in tho ond ; But Holt doosn’t know ho has blood,” In a moment of trouble supremo, Whon worried by creditors coarso, Hopo flashed on his heart Idea a beam— 11a thought of the boy and tho liorso. And full of flue purpose, ho said— “ I will cast tho foul devil away, And load tho whito lifo that 1 led In tho light of tho happy old day,” Noxt morning ho spoko to tho youth ; And tho boy rubbed his hands in his gleo, And said—with his eyes full of truth— “Just loavo him, my master, with mol The colt must come out at his best; And when saddle and rider aro up, He will nmko the fast Star of tho West, And tho rest of them, move for * The Cup.’ ” Tho Cup was tho race of the year, And twonty grand UorsoB woro in. “The Scud, cried the “touts” with a sneer, ‘‘Is sure to bo last'in tho ‘ spin.* ” But ownor worked hard with tho lad ; And pale was tho sullbror’s face: Tho clianco was tho last that ho lmd— Ho had hazarded all on tho raco. The day of tho meeting was dark With bitter wild wind-driven rain— “ The Star has como fit to tho mark,” Said tho mob, “ and ho'U win it again 1” Tho betting was brisk, wlum tho homo Of tho season came out of his stall, A dozen wero backed on tho courso, But Tho Scud wasu’t mentioned at all, Tho Hag foil away in a roar, And tho twonty wont oft in a pack; But soon thoro was scon to tho fore, Tho maro with tho purplG and black. By Barkor’s sho quickened tho paeo With a foathor-weight close at her sido; “ In tho 4 straight, she’ll bo out of tho race,” A cluster of knowing ono’s cried. At tho turn of the truck, on tho gray Young Janos took tho running in hand; , • But ho 44 died” nt tho .Corner away, And Pyramus led by tho Stand. But out by tho back of tho courso, Tho blood, unaccustomed to yield— Tho Star—tho invinciblo horse— Ban up and showod bools to tho 44 Held.” ’ But the mnro by Olympus, from Juno, , ■' Camo on with a rush by ilia gnto ; “ And tlio Scud dashed along in the rain, • And was locked with the Star In the straight, A thunder of cheers from afar, ’ , . ,;Mct the tlirco coming smothered with, mud— , “Tho filly—the filly—tho Star J ■ < •The chestnut—tlio filly—tho Scud !'* .. With tho Star on his girth in tlio sludge, ; Tho Scud under whip at.tlio'post, ’< Went Hushing by Stand and by Judge, With a boy on him whiter than ghost. Yea, tlicre, nmid clamour and cheer, Tho colt, full of courago and strength, Pulled off tho great raco of tho year, From tho “crack," by the half of n length And there, on that prominent day, *' ! Tho owner fell back nt tho last, And shivered and fainted away— Ho lmd suffered so much in the Past. Tho strain had boon heavy iudcod, And tho world for somo moments scorned dim; But past was tho season of need—, Tho Scud had woii thousands for'him. * Suggested l>y a chapter in Long OtUs, by tho Iato Marcus Clarke. • 