OF LORD- BRACKENBURY \- [Bi AMELuA B. EDWARDS.] . PRbZalsed bnj Arrangement woit Harper Brotlhers, New York.) CHAPTER XXXII.-(Continued.) ' That's true, my lord.' And, putting the corner of her apron -to her eyes, the old lady retired with a -eries of courtesies. Lancelot still held Winnifred's hand. itlay in his as cold and almost as pale as snow. ; *Ic an do nothing m~noe for you?' le asked. 'Yes,, indeed !-and I bad almost forgotten it.;.Do you remember Lettice Leigh?' SLettice'Leigh ?' 'That handsome, fierce-looking girl who used to live with the Uorbishlys -on Burfield Moor, after her father died. She went away some years ago, nobody knew where. Is it possible that you have forgotten her ?' Lancelot's face darkened. 'I have not forgotten her,' he said. What of her ?' 'She -has come back. I met her just now in the.lanes-with her little boy.' SAhb !-she has a child ? ' 'A beautiful little blue-eyed boy, not a bit like herself; She looks very ragged and wretched, and has been leading a tramp's life, she tells me. And where do you think she has gone for shelter ?' ' Not to the moor, I'll answer for it. "When a moor girl breaks with her own people, you know, they cast her out for eve".'.. 'Lyncelot, the poor soul has taken refuge in that horrible hovel on the edge of the spinny, and I want you to roof it in, and patch itup for her, and let her live in it for life, if she pleases.' ' What, Blackpool 2' Why, I was thinking of pulling it down the other day, and only spared it at Cochrane's entreatjy, because he.wanted to sketch it the next time he comes down. By the- way, I heard from hi: this morn ing; he wished me to say everything sympathetic on his part.' 'I am much obliged to Mr. COocbrrne,' said Winnifred absently. S'He'is an excellent fellow-and so clever! I don't think you half appre ciate him, Winnifred.' 'I beg your pardon; but I was thinking of Lettice Leigh. May I tell her that she can stay at Blackpool as long as she likes, and that you will nmake it weather-tight for her and her poor little child ? ' 'What ! spoil Cochrane's sketch, and eject old Abel Brunt's ghost-the only ghost I have upon the-property ?2' Is Blackpool supposed to be haunted, then 2' ' Undoubtedly. And nothing offends a ghost, you know, like putting his residence in repair. Well, to please you, Winnifred, it shall be done.' ' Thank you Lancelot.' 'And now, once again-good-bye.' ' For a week ? ' 'For a whole week. God bless you.' Her lips moved, but no words. He lingered a moment-turned quickly away- crossed the court-yard, and was gone. Still. she staid in the dusk of the porch listening. She knew that he had gone round to the stables. Perhaps ahe hoped that he would come back for another farewell. If so, she waited in vain ; for presently she heard the sound of his horse's hoofs in the stable yard.; the'n' fainter as he rode round by.the back of the orchard and across the bridge ; and then-no more. OHAPTER XXXIII, WAS IT: IIONOR, OR LOss ? W?innifred battled bravely through the long week of Lancelot's absence, even summoning courage to go to church that first miserable Sunday, and weeping quietly under her veil when Mr. Pennofeather preached his funeral sermon. What made it harder to bear was that it was a week of visi. tors., . People who had rarely talcen the trouble to call when Miss Langtroy was alive, hastened now to profess their re gret that she was dead.; and the old courtyard echoed daily to the unaccus tomed sound of wheels., Many and various wore the vehicles, ranging from the modest one- horse chaise of the neighbouring parson to the county nagnato's big old family chariot hung with fringed hammer-cloth, and 0e. -dizenod with armorial bearings. Nor were there wanting visitors of the humbler sort-wives of tenant- farmers, and poor folk from the cottages round about, All those, when she was in the house,'Winuifrd received in person, endurfig the patronizing sympathy of her Grace and her ladyship, and listen ing as gently to the old crones who sot their lamentations for "the missus " to the tune of their own ailments, as to the parsons' wives who enforced theireaondolences with quotations from Soripture, and sage counsel as to the wearing of flannel. If "thoy would but leave mo in poaooe If they would but lot me be nisorablo in my own way I' shie said,. ?nakiing her wail to Mrs. Ponnuooafthor. d' They moean well ; but they all put on the same fceao, they all speak in the o 'voioo, they all say the samo "A5i D I am siok of hearing that Aition nro blessings in disguise," thist " whatever is is boat." How caa hr'e diath be a blessing, and for tliho'biRt? I dureo Hay I am very wicked ; but theose worthy people oenrago m, and make me rebellious, I long to xemind them that thero are timos vwhen everything is for the worst, and that I 'hate all this pretending and, prinoclli g. When your good husband cnmo to me' rtld pointed out how it ivas God'srwIll to take hor, and beooause ib wad Uod'w wl)l 1 tnust submit fmnd bear my loss-when he said that, 1 knew he was telling me truth. I knew that he himself believed every word as he uttered it. And that did me good -that gave me strength-that com forted me, But these people pity me, and patronize, and preach to me, as if I was a child, or an outer barbarian, and it drives me wild.' To which Mrs. Pennefeather replied with a shrug, that her visitors were a pack of idiots, and that she had better be " out " if more visitors came on the same errand. ' But I can't be always out,' said Winifred, .innocently.. 'I do go out, and stay out, as long and as often as I can, and even so I get caught. Yester day, just as I was coming home-and it was nearly dusk-Lady Forbes's carriage overtook me, and she came in, and staid an hour.' Mrs. Pennefeather gave her an odd look. S' Ah, my dear,' she said what would become of society if every one was as literal as you ? 'Nothing 'ould induce me to let Bridget or Joan say I was out when I was at home, if that is what you mean I' exclaimed Winifred, with a flush of sudden scorn. 'Nor would they tell a falsehood if I were so base as to wish it.' Mrs. Pennefeather laughed aloud. 'You use big words for very little things, my child,' she said, airily. ' All the world understands nowadays that ' not at home' is a civil way of saying one doesn't want to be bored; just as ' I have the honour to remain your obedient servant' means that the writer looks upon himself as an infi nitely bigger man.than the person he is addressing. These are accepted euphemisms.' ' I don't know what you mean by 'euphemisms,' said Winifred, ' but they sound to me exactly like false. hoods.' And although Mrs. Pennefeather was at some pains to explain that a euphemism was a kind of indispen sable verbal oil which helped the wheels of the social machine to work smoothly, Winifred was so ignorant and so obstinate as to remain uncon vinced. At length Saturday came again-the Saturday on which Lancelot was due at the Grange. 'I think you will hardly see me,' he said, ' before this day week.' Those were his words. Bad she not repeated them to herself a dozen times a day ever since ? And now here was Saturday. It had been long enough on the way; but it was come at last. And Lancelot? She did not once ask herself, ' Will he come late?' That he might, for any cause be a day behind, was a pos sibility that never once occurred to her. She would as soon have ex pected the sun to put off rising. However, he did not come early. It was an uncertain, stormy day, and the weather kept visitors away. Mid.day passed, and the afternoon hours struck at intervals that seemed twice their ordinary length. Never had time gone so slowly. By-and-by, 'as the day began to darken, she put on a thick shawl and 'went into the garden. Here she walked slowly up and down, watching the ragged cloud-drifts as they coursed across the sky, and listen ing to the wind among the trees. It was not a cheerful garden at the best of times; and now, all dusk and damp, with dead leaves rotting in the paths, and bare boughs dark against the sky, it looked forlorn enough, The old summer.house, too, was fast falling to ruin, and the sun-dial was long broken. 'Poor Outhbert I' Ay, poor Outhbort! The place always reminded her of him. It was there they sat. It was there he put his bbthrothal ring upon her finger. That ring was looked away now. lhe had not worn it for years; she should never .wear it again.. It had passed into a relic. All at once she held her breath and listened. Surely she heard something? -a faint, iridefinite something that came and went with the wind, and re solved itself presently into the measured beat of. galloping hoofs. Then her heart gave a leap, and she wont round by the cherry orchard as far as the little gate that opened into the court.yard. Here she waited, and still the galloping hoofs drew nearer. Then they echoed under the gateway, and Lancelot rode into the court-yard. He made straight for the porch, dis mounted, and in the oact of dismount ing saw her whore she stood. 'fDid you expect me ?' he asked, throwing.his reins to Rouben. ' Yes, I was sure you would come.' He smiled,. ' Then your faith in me was greater than my faith in myself, I seareoly hoped to do it in the time, for I. have mot with all klnds of delays, and, to orown the whole, something weont wrong with the engine a mile or two this side of Birmingham, and the train was too hours lato. Howevor, here I am, and before dark, too. You are coming in from a walk ?' 'No; I was in the garden.' ' Th.n shall we go back to the gar. don, while I tall you about Munioh '?' He said this, because he had o0 served, or fanoioled he observed, since Miss Langtroy's death, that Winifred liked bettor to talk with out of doors than in the house. ' But you are tired; you would rather come in and rest ?' she said, hesitatingly. 'Not at all. I shouldn't mind walk. lug all round the moors before dinner,' [is appearlanco contradllted Ihis words, Ho lookol plalo and fagged, andl ho was splashod from. hand to foot, 'I am ashamed to appoar in this plight,' hal said, 'but the roads arc rivort of plud,' (' Lo oonU?nwcd, 