CHAPTER XLIL NOT JOSEPHUS, BUT ANOTHER. The attractions of a yard peopled with ghosts, discontented figure-heads, and an old man are great at first, but not likely to be lasting if one does ..not personally see or con verse with the ghosts and if the old man be comes monotonous. We expect too much of old men. Considering their years we think their recollections must be wonderfuL One says, "Good heavens! Methuselah must recollect William the Conoueror and King John, and Sir John Falstaff, to say nothing of-the Battle of Waterloo!" As a matter of fact,' Methuselah - generally remembers nothing except that where Cheapside now stands was once a greeh field: As for Shak speare, and Coleridge, and Charles Lamb, he knows nothing whatever about them. Yon See if he had taken so much interest in life as to care about things going on, he would very soon, like his contemporaries, have worn out the machine, and would be lying, lik9 them, in the grassy enclosure. Harry continued to go to the carver's yard for some time, but nothing more was to he leamt from him. He knew the family his tory, however, by this time, pretty well. The Coppins of Stepney, like all middle class families, bad. experienced many ups and donna They had been churchwardens: they had been bankrupts; they had practised many trades; and once there was a Coppin who died leaving houses—twelve houses— three apiece to his children—a meritorious Coppin. Where were those houses now? Absorbed by the omnivorous Uncle Bunker. And how Uncle Bunker got those belonging to Caroline Coppin could not now be ascer tained, . except from Uncle Bunker himself. Everywhere there were scrapers and ecit terers; the scrapers arc few, and the scat tered are many. By what scatterer or what process of scattering did Caroline lose her nouses ? Meantime Harry did not feel himself obliged to hold his tongue upon the subject; and everybody knew, before long, that some thing was going on likely to be prejudicial to Mr. Bunker. People whispered that Bunker was going to be caught out; this rumour lent to the unwilling agent some of the interest whicli attaches to a criminal. Some went so far as to say that they had alwayB suspected him because he was so ostentatious in his honesty; and this is a safe thing to say, because any person may be reasonably sus pected ; and if we did not suspect all the world, why the machinery of bolts and bars, keys and patent safes? But it is the wise man who suspects the right person, and it is the justly proud man who strikes an attitude and Bays—" What did I tell you ?" As yet, Bunke however, the suspicions were vague, for his part, though not generally a thin skinned man, easily perceived that there was a change in the way he was received and regarded; people looked at him with marked interest in the streets; they turned their heads and looked after hira; they talked about him as he approached; they smiled with meaning.; Josephus Coppin met him one day, and asked him why'lie would not tell his nephew how he obtained those three houses, and what consideration he gave for them. He began, especially of an evening, over brandy and water, to make up mentally, over and over again,'his own case, so that it might be presented at the right moment absolutely perfect and without a flaw; a paragon among cases. His nephew, whom he now regarded with a loathing almost lethal, was impudent enough to go about saying that he had. got those houses unlawfully, was he? Very good; he would have such law as is to he had in England, for the humiliation, yrun ishment, stamping out, and ruining of that nephew; ay, if it cost hitn five hundred pounds, he would. He should like to make his case public; he was not afraid; not a bit; let all the world know ; the more the story was known the more would his con temporaries admire his beautiful and exem There were, he said, with the smile of bene volence and the blush of modesty which so well become the good man, transactions, money transactions, between himself and his sister-in-law, especially after her marriage with a man who was a secret scattercr. These money matters had been partly squared by the transfer of the houses, which he took in part payment; the rest he forgave when Caroline died, and when—which showed his own goodness in an electric light —he took over the boy to bring him up to some honest trade, though he was a beggar. Where were the proofs of these transactions? Unfortunately they weie all destroyed by fire some years since, after having been care fully preserved, and docketed, and endorsed, as is Che duty of every careful man of busi Now, by dint of repeating this precious story over and over again, the worthy man came to believe it entirely, and to believe that other people would believe it as well. It seemed, m fact, so like the truth, that it would deceive even experts, and pass for that priceless article. At the time when Caroline died, and the boy went to stay with him, 110 one asked any questions, because it seemed nobody's business to enquire into the interest of the child. After the boy was taken away it gradually became known among the surviving members of the family that the bouses had long before, owing to the profligate extravagance of the Sergeant— as careful a man as ever marched—passed into the hands of Bunker, who now had all the Coppin houses. Everything was clean forgotten by this time. And the boy must needs turn up again, asking questions. A younpr villain! A serpent ! But he should De paid out. ( A very singular accident prevented the paying out quite in the sense intended Mr. J' by Mr. Bunker. It happened in this way. One day when Miss Messenger's cabinet maker and joiner-in-ordinary, having little or nothing to do, was wandering about the Brewery looking about him, lazily watching the process of beer-making on a large exten sive scale, and exchanging the compliments of the season, which was near Christmas, rkmen, it happened that he with the work . passed the room in which Josephus had sat for forty years among the juniors. The door stood open and he looked in, as he had often done before, to nod a friendly salutation to his cousin. There Josephus sat, with grey hair, an elderly man among boys, mechani cally ticking off entries among the lads. His Elace was in the warm corner near the fire; eside him stood a large and massive safe; the same safe, out of which during an absence of three minutes, the country notes had been eo mysteriously stolen. The story, of course, was well known. Josephua's version of the thing was also well known; everybody, further, knew that until the mystery of that robbery was cleared up, Josephus would remain a junior on thirty shillings a week; lastly, everybody, with the kindliness of heart common to our glorious humanity, firmly believed that Josephus had really cribbed thoBe notes, but had been afraid to present them and so dropped them into the fire or down a drain. It is truly remarkable to observe how deeply we respect, adore, and venerate virtue, inasmuch that we all go about pretending to be virtuous; yet how little we believe in the virtue of each ether! It is also remarkable to reflect upon the extensive fieldB still open to the moralist after all these years of preaching and exhort ing.' Now as Harry looked into the room his eye fell upon the safe, and a curious thing occurred. The fragment of a certain letter from Bob Coppin, in which he sent a message by his friend to his cousin,' Squaretoes Josephus, quite suddenly and unexpectedly returning to his memory. Further, the words assumed a meaning. " JosephuB," he said, Btepping into the office. "Lend me a piece of paper and a pencil. Thank you." He wrote down the words, exactly as he recollected them, half destroyed by tne tear ing of the letter. .... . " Josephus, my coaain that he will , . . nd the safe the bundle . . . . for a lark. Josephns is a Squaretoes. I hate a man who won't drink. He will . . . . if he lookB there." When he had written these words down he read them over again, while the lads looked on with curiosity and some resentment. Ca binetmakers ana joiners have no business to swagger about the office of young gentlemen who are clerks in breweries, as .if in were their own place. It is an innovation; a level ling of rank. "Josephus," Harry whispered; "yon re member your cousin, Bob Coppin ?" "Yes, but these arc office hours; conver sation is not allowed in the iuniurs' room." He spoke as if he was still a boy, as indeed he was, having been confined to the society of boys, and having drawn the pay of a boy for so inany years. "Never mind rules. Tell me all about Bob." ' He was a drinker and a spendthrift. That's enough about him." Josephus spoke in a whisper, being anxious not to discuss the family disgrace among his fellow clerkB. "Good. M ere you a friend as well as a cousin of his ?" " No ; I never was. I was respectable—in those days—and desiro is of getting my cha racter high for steadiness. I went to evening lectures, and taught in the Wesleyan Sun day-schools. Of course when the notes were stolen it was no use trying any more for cha racter ; that waB cone. A young roan sus pected of stealing fourteen thousand pounds can't get any character at all. So I gave up attending the evening, gave up the lectures, and left off teaching in the school, and going to church, and everything." "You were a great fool, Josephus. You ought to have gone on, and fought it out. Now, then, on the day that you lost the money, had you seen Bob ? Do you remem ber?" " That day ?" the unlucky junior replied. " I remember every hour as plain as if it was to-day. Yes, I saw Bob. He came to the office half an hour before I lost the notes; he wanted me to go out with him iu the evening —I forget where—some gardens and dancing and prodigalities. 1 refused to go. In the evening I saw him again, and he did nothing but laugh while I was in misery. It seemed cruel, and the more I suffered the louder he laughed." " Did you never see Bob again ?" "No; he went away to sea and he came home and went away again. But somehow I never saw him. It is twenty years now since he went away last and was never heard of nor his ship. So, of course, he's dead long ago. But what does it matter about Bob ? And these are office hours, aud there will really be things said if we go on talking. Do go away. Harry obeyed and left him. Bat he went straight to the office of the Chief Accountant, and lequested an interview. The Chief Ac countant sent word that he could communi cate his business through one of the clerks. Harry replied that his business was of a nature which could not be communicated by a clerk, that it w^s very serious and impor tant business, which must be imparted to the chief alone, and that he would wait his con venience in the outer office. Presently he waB ushered into the presence of the great man. "This is very extraordinary," said the official. " What can your business be which is so important that it must not be entrusted to the clerks ? Now, come to the point, young man. My time is valuable." "I want you to authorize me to make a little examination in the junior clerks'room." " What examination? And why ?" Harry gave him the fragment of the letter, and explained where he found it. " I understand nothing. What do you learn from this fragment "There is no date," said Harry, "but that matters' veiy little. You will observe th8t it clearly refers to my cousin, J osephus Coppin." "That seems evident. Josephus is not a common name." " You know my cousin's version of the loss of those notes." " Certainly—he said they must have been stolen during the two or three minutes that be was out of the room." "Yes. Now—" Harry wrote a few words to fill up the broken sentences of the letter— " read that, Sir." " Good heavens!" " My couBin tells me, too," he went oh, " that this fellow, Bob Coppin, was iu the office half an hour before the notes were missed ; why, very likely he was at the time hanging about the place; and that in the evening when his cousin was in an agony of distress, Bob was laughing as if the whole thing was a joke." " Upon my word," said the Chief, " it seems plausible." " We can try the thing at once," said Harry. " But X should like you to be pre sent when we do." " Undoubtedly I will be present. Come, | let ns go at once. By the way, you are the young man recommended by Miss Messenger, j are you not; " Yes; not that I have the honour of knowing Miss Messenger personally." The Chief Accountant laughed. Cabinet makers do not generally know young ladies of position. Ana this was such a remarkably cheeky young .vorkman. They took with them four stout fellows from those who toss about the casks of beer. The safe was one of the larger kind, standing 2 ft. 6 in. high on a strong wooden box with an open front. It was in the corner next to Josephus's seat; between the back of the safe and the wall was a space of an inch or so. " I must trouble you to change your seat," said the Chief Accountant to Josephus. " We are about to move this safe." Josephus rose, and the men presently with mighty efforts lugged the great heavy thing a foot or two from its place. "Will yon look, Sir?" asked Harry. "If there is anything there I should like you, who know the whole story, to find it." The Chief stooped over the safe and looked behind it. Everybody now was aware that something was going to happen, and though pens .continued to be dipped into inkstandB with seal, and heads to he bent over desks with the devotion which always seizes a junior clerk iu presence of his chief, all eyes were furtively turned to Josephus's corner. " There is a bundle of papers," he said. "Thank you." Harry picked them up and placed them in his hands. The only person who paid no heed to the proceeding was the one most concerned. The Chief Accountant received them; a rolled bundle, not a tied-up parcel, and covered an inch deep witl; black dust. He opened it-and glanced at the contents. Then - a strange and unaccountable look came into his eyes as he handed them to Josephus. " Will you oblige me, Mr. Coppin," he said, " by examining these papers?" It was the first time that the title of Mr. had been bestowed upon Josephus during all the years of his long servitude. He was tronbled by it, and he could not understand the expression in his Chiefs eyes; and when he turned to Harry for an explanation he met eyes in which the same sympathy and pity were expressed. When he turned to the hoys, his fellow clerks, he was struck by their faces of wondering expectation. What was going to happen ? Recovering his presence of mind, he held out the dusty papers, and shook the dust off tbem. Then he began slowly to obey orders, and to examine them. Suddenly ho began to torn them over with fierce eagerness. His eyeB flashed; he gasped— " Come, Josephus," said his cousin, taking his ai m. " Gently, gently. What are they —these papers ?" The man laughed—a hysterical laugh. "Thev are—ha! ha!—they are—ha! ha! ha!" He did not finish because bis voice failed him, but he dropped into a chair, with his head in his hands. " They are country Bank notes and other papers," said Harry, taking them from his cousin's hands. He had interpreted the miss ing words rightly. The Chief looked round the room. " Young men," he said solemnly, "a wonderful thing has happened. After many years of un deserved suspicion and unmerited punish ment, Mr. Coppin's character is cleared at last. We cannot restore to him the years he has lost, hut we can rejoice that his inno cence is established." " Come, Josephus,' said Harry, " bear your good fortune as you have borne the bad. House yourself." The senior junior clerk lifted his head and. looked around. His cheeks were white; his eyes were filled with tears; his lips were trembling. " Take your cousin home," said the Chief to Harry, " aid then come back to my office." Harry led Josephus, unresisting, home to the boarding-house. " We have had a shock, Mrs. Bormalack. Nothingto be 'alarmed about, quite the con trary. The Bonk notes have been found after all these years, and my cousin has earned his. Eromotion and recovered his character. Give, im some brandy-and-water and make him lie down for a bit." For the man was dazed. He could not understand as yet what had hap pened. Harry placed him in the arm-chair and left him to the care of the landlady. Then he went hack to the brewery. The Chief Brewer was with the Chief Accountant, and they were talking over what, was best to be done. They said very kind things about intelligence, without which good, fortune and lucky finds are wasted; and they promised to represent Harry's conduct in a proper light to Miss Messenger, who would be immediately communicated with. And. Josephus would at once receive a very sub stantial addition to bis pay, a better position, and more responsible work. " May I suggest, gentlemen," said Harry, " that a man who is fifty-five and has all his life been doing the simple work of a junior, may not be found equal to more responsible " That nay be the case." " My cousiu, when the misfortune hap pened, left off taking any interest in things. 1 believe he has never opened a book or learned anything in all these years." " Well, we shall see." A workman was. not to be taken into counsel. " There is,, however, something here which seems to concern yourself. Your mother was one Caroline Coppin, was she not?" " Yes." 1' Then these papers, which were deposited' by some persons unknown with Mr. Mes senger, most likely for greater care, and placed in the safe by him, Delong to you, and I hope will prove of value to you." Barry took them without much interest, and came away. In the evening Josephus held a reception. All his contemporaries in the Brewery, the men who entered with himself; all those who Lad passed over his head, all those with whom he had heen a junior in the Brewery, called to congratulate him. At the moment be felt as if this universal sympathy fully made up for all his suffering of the past. Nor was it until the morning that he partly peroeived, the truth, that no amount, of sympathy would restore bis vanished youth ana give bim what be had lost. But he will never quite understand this, and he looked upon himself as having begun again from the point, where he stopped. When the reception was over and the last man gone, he began to talk about his future. "I shall go on again with the evening course," he said, "just where I left it off. I remember we were having Monday for book keeping by single and double entry, Tuesday for French, Thursday for arithmetic—we were in mixed fractions—and Friday for Euclid. Then I shall take up my class at the Sunday- school again, and 1 shall become a full Church member of the Wesleyan con nection. For though my father was once, churchwarden at Stepney Church, I always favoured the Wesieyans myself." He, talked as if he was a boy again, with all his life before him; and, indeed, at the mo ment he thought he was. 