AUSTRALIA AND ITS NEEDS. By the Bishop oe Ballaarat. The Practical Needs of Australian Dioceses is my topic. I speak of it from an experience of between seven and eight years, as first Bishop of the young est but one of the twelve dioceses into which the Uhurch s neld or work m Australia has, up to trie present time, been divided. My Diocese is upon the whole a fair sample of the Australian sees. It contains some 300,000 souls. These are spread over a territory exactly half the size of England, in the proportion of about five persons to the square mile. England, as you may remember, has 250 persons to the square mile, or is precisely fifty times as populous. Of my 300, 000, only some 400 are aboriginal blacks ; 6,000 or 7,000 would be Chinese ; the rest are European set tlers. Now, what are the chief practical needs of the Church's work in a Diocese like this ? Chiefly and above all, the Divine presence and benediction. Of that there is little need that I should remind my readers. It is curious that the discoverers of Aus tralia, the Portuguese, should have named it " The Land of the Holy Ghost." " Adsit omen," truly! It would be remarkable indeed if a country where settlement began with transportation, and received its chief impulse from the feverish lust for gold, needed less than other lands a Pentecostal baptism — the holy Flame, fanned by the Heavenly "Wind. Her great " practical needs " are these : ( a ) Teachers of the right stamp, to overcome the intense evil around them with au inteuser good ; and ( b ) Money tu make those teachers available — money, I mean, to pay for their training, to build churches for them to minister in, schools for them to- gather the young in, and parsonages for them to live in, and to provide for the support of themselves and the beasts they must ride upon. Only let a whole-souled sagacious, able minister of our Church have his chance to get among our people, and they prove responsive to his ministry as surely and fruitfully as in the dear motherland ; but let the people be left alone — as our Church members are of necessity left, in many places, in such a Diocese as mine — or shepherded by unsuitable men, and they become a certain and speedy prey to apathy and secularism, or are gathered to communions separate from, or even hostile to, the Church of their forefathers, aye, and too often hur ried away after the wildest and most grotesque forms of fanatic teaching. And first I would say, that we must have something letter than commonplace men. It is not at all easy to succeed in colonial work. Many men of excellent intentions, and who would be very useful in England, fail in the Colonies altogether. For so very much depends there upon the clergyman's personal quali fies ! This may be regrettable, but it cannot be questioned. The "Ecclesia" rarely meets the eye in semi-Missionary regions of duty like ours — the " persona Ecclesise," or " parson," is almost her sole embodiment. It is otherwise in England, where the prestige of the Church, her splendid buildings, her local traditions, do much to secure a clergyman a fail and patient trial, and help a parish to tide over the reign of an unsuccessful minister. Besides, in a country with many thousands of parishes in it, he can often be transplanted without difficulty to a sphere more suited to his gifts. It is otherwise, however, in Australia. An unsuccessful minister in a colonial charge may very likely work the ruin of all the Church's prospects there, and a revolt in any other place in the Diocese to which it may be proposed to transfer him so as to afford him a fresh opportunity. As a rule, a Clergyman from Eugland who fails had better have his expenses given him to go back again ; but it were still better to prevent, by any amount of preliminary care, such a miserable result. Still success, as I have already said, is by no means so easily achieved in our Colonies as at home. Speaking generally, the work is more difficult, and requires higher qualifications. I say this deliberate ly, after a wide acquaintance with home work during a pastorage in large English parishes of seventeen years prior to my consecration. The still far too , prevalent idea, that what is not good enough for I England will answer in the Colonies, is, as regards, the Church's work, at any rate, precisely the. anti- podes of. the truth. I 4ct not of course1 say that in-» ferior men will not bcfof any tisC whatever, but they will not grasp the manhood of the country, and par ticularly will not influence the yottng meH, who car© nothing whatever for the clergyman's official status,- and only yield their homage to those Whom person ally they can look up to as their Hrfmisfakeable su periors. The colonists of this generation are now all educated up to a certaiu point at least. News papers are legion ; books and magazines- are' circulat ed in every bush township by aid of the Governments and in a country district, the farmers 'and diggers' sous and daughters very frequently matriculate, not un- frequently are graduates. Shallow a great deal of the knowledge thus widely diffused undoubtedly is ; but at least the imputation of ignorance is held to be a great reproach ; aud no effort of the enemies of the Church is more persistent and successful than the attempt to identify her clergy in the esteem of the multitude with defective culture. Of course it is in the great towns that the demands for high edu cation in the clergy is strongest, and it is extremely important that the centre-points of influence in these should be occupied by men well able to hold the Church's own against the clever and highly -paid champions of nonconformity there ; but it is true for all our colonial work, that the day for half-educated clergy in our Church, if it ever was, has ceased to be. We want men, then, able and willing to devote good brain power to the splendid work of leavening the colonial populations, the sires of a mighty com ing race, with heavenly truth, Godward motive, and right Church principles, and trained to use that power; men who can read, and know what should be read, and able, as men of good mental calibre only can, so to master religious truth as to run the old teachiugs readily into new moulds of expression, and talk of sin, and of salvation and its means, to world- lv- minded colonials, in the plain, nervous language of - common life. I may observe that it is very desirable that a servant of the colonial Church should have a good phpsigue. True, the climate of Australia is on the whole won derfully salubrious, and a chest that would be a per petual plague and peril in an English parish might very likely give no trouble at all in Victorian work ; but some athletic power and training are extremely helpful to a colonial clergyman. If he cannot ride decently, if he is timid and querulous, he loses weight and influence with the hardy, sinewy bush pioneers among whom he is sent, while a good whip, like Bish- . op Perry, or a fine horseman, like Bishop Tyrrell, or a splendid sailor like Bishop Selwyn, commands, as such, the respect of colonists. Besides, bodily fa tigue has to be encountered. An incumbent who has to ride forty-five miles to one Service, and sixty to another — I quote a case in my own diocese — must be " in journeyings often," and should be able to bear it, if he is to overtake his duties. With endur ance, too, he should unite nerve and presence of mind. Several cases of drowning which I have known — a sadly common death for Australian clergy — have seemed due to a want, at critical moments, of that calm, as well as quick, judgment, the lack or temporary loss of which is often more perilous than recklessness. Good sense, the "resource," tact, and good-tempered shrewdness of a cheery, high-class Englishman is most important every way. Under a voluntary system, I mean in an unendow ed Church, the want of the gift of conciliation in the clergyman, of dealing with men according to their peculiarities, may be fatal financially to the Church's operations in a district. For individuality is strongly developed in the colonial parishioner ; he is often keener than his English representative, very often more self- willed, or " independent," as he thinks. Hence he is very easily aggrieved ; yet is he wonderfully amenable to the judicious leading of a clergyman whom he has learned to respect, and who to a zealous' longing for his soul's good unites much self-restraint and wise forbearance in dealing with him. I have known a district, all aflame under a pious, diligent clergyman, all at peace under a.s.uc-. cessor, not more pious or diligent perhaps, but, more of a manager of men. The colonial minister- must not, indeed, as St. Paul says, be a " me npj eager.,-" yet must he, as says the same St. Paul again, please all men in all things." The political economy of a colonial parish is summed up in farmer's remark in vestry to a late Australian Bishpp, when the latter spoke of the appointment during vacancy as resting with himself : "Yes, yoi\ may send who you please, my lord, but if a' dpajpt; like 'un,' 'a woan't pay 'un!" It may perhaps, he: gathered from what I have said that the qualities, that, make up the true English gentleman are- specially what an Australian clergy-, man should; add to his piety ; and suoh an in ferenqe ig; exactly wh it I should like to, he. drawn from, it.. And as, the qualities as a, matter of fact are of fener. fouud ready developed, in. men- who have en- joyed the advantage of, good social training in earlr life, it is. desirable, speaking generally, that clergv ; sent, out from England. now should, as.far as possible, be drawn from, a higher, social stratum than has soine- times been the case. Such men are as a rule far better raw material for training ; they are less disposed to complain ; they contrive to escape a kind of criti- cism which keenly assails the man without breeding, and certainly tends to binder his progress. J.t would be a great help to the Colonial Church — though I'know the difficulty of securing it — if well born sons of the Church at home, with some private means at their command, conld be brought to see the importance and true attractiveness to the high ambitions of a noble Christian soul, of such a field of work as the Australian Colonies at this stage of their history, when the part our Church is to play in their future tprns mamly, under God, on the quality of her representatives now. The importations of men we do not want are these ; Men who have given no evidence of pastoral or evangelistic gifts, but who fancy they should like to be missionaries, or go to the Colonies, without any clear notions of what they mean to do when sent ; well-disposed young men, but (if I may be pardon ed the expression) flabby in mind and body ; men who can't get on, through general incompetence, in business, but think they could as clergymen, and that the opening is easier in colonial dioceses ; pen niless men who want to go because they desire to marry some one to whom their friends object ; ordin ary men already provided with families, whom they cannot provide for in England ; in short, generally, all who are unsuited for success in the mother country — aye, and some who might succeed there, but would not with us. No greater mistake — 1 say it with all the earnestness I can command — could pos sibly be made than to regard our Missionary colleges or our colonial Dioceses as partaking in any degree whatever of the character of refuges for the destitute. I am expressing an opinion shared by men better able than myself to judge when I say that some preaching good enough to be accepted in England would not be tolerated in our Colonies. Australian colonists eat meat three times a day, and require it good ; and are not less ecoigeant in their require ments at the hands of the religious commissariat. Tou will smile when I say that the colonial Church asks for your picked men ; bnt that is what she does ask, because it is none other that she needs. What ever the cause, colonial society is honeycombed with unbelief and saturated with this-worldliness. No easy-going, commonplace ministrations will have any place and power in it. What we do need from England, then, is two-fold. Eirst, a few men of high attainments and rich ex perience to occupy a few posts of conspicuous responsibility and influence, for which the colonial Church will not always yield at a given time the men required, without injury to the work from which they would be withdrawn. Moreover, it is a great thing to welcome to our side, from time to time, those who can bring with them some infection of that intenser and ampler spiritual life which God has graciously vouchsafed to His Church in England in these latter days ; can bring a torch kindled at brighter fires than are burning yonder, to help in illuminating our spiritual gloom. I want such an one as this moment for a post of great charge and importance. Generally speaking, however, we can fill our posts of dignity and prominence from the ranks of the colonial clergy themselves, and those who have ap proved themselves for years in the hard work of the bush are obviously the men to be transferred to town charges, not less laborious perhaps, but better suited to clergy of maturer years and longer services. The other class of laborers wanted are young men for bush duty ; of course; if already trained so much the better, though it is not indispensable. Their having been trained in England not only means a re lief to the funds of the Diocese, but it ought also to mean the transference to the Colony, in their per sons, of the latest results of Church experience and ministerial methodology at home. But to most of the Australian dioceses it is not worth while sending out any but picked men. We have training colleges in Australia — Moore College in N. S. Wales, Trin ity College in Melbourne. We have Universities whose degrees postulate a higher minimum attainment than Oxford or Cambridge ; and though a population like ours does not yield many of its best for the Church's service, there is a sufficient supply by this time of the ordinary raw material, if we are in want of that. Eor my own part, at present, I greatly pre fer accessions from England of the right kind if I can get them ; but nothing would weaken my influence more than my introducing to my Diocese in that character men not below, but only j ust up to, the com mon level. In the supply for Australia, quality is for more important now than quantity. Why should the best students from the English Colleges go to India? Are not our scattered bush populations in danger of lapsing into a practical heathenism more malignant in some respects than aboriginal pagan ism itself ? Are they unworthy of the Church's better energies because they are not black, or fetish wor shipping, or cannibal ? And, indeed, Australia af fords abundant scope for the energies of the purely Missionary servant of Christ. We have 100,000 ab original heathen there, and no need is more urgent with us than that of trained Chinese-speaking clergy able to direct the efforts we are making to evangelise the Chinese, who have flocked to the number of 40, 000, for all Australia, to the gold-fields of the great Island Continent. And here I would say that I should not stipulate for a long term of Service. If men are not successful they had, as I have said, far better go home soon. If able men, six and seven years of their help will be most acceptable to us, and useful and invigorating to themselves. If this were proclaimed it might remove in some quarters hin drances to the availableness of some men such as I have described. I will sum up by saying that in Australia — that immense, that magnificent department of the British empire, that was handed over to England by Divine Providence just 100 years ago — the Church's practical needs just now are : more sympathy from England ; for the present, more money-help ; and, also, next to God's blessing, more of her choicest men. Mrs. Alexander's lines might have beeu written expressly of Australia : — ' O let the thought within thee stir Of thy lost children, Island Mother. "They hear no more, when Suuday comes, The old bell swing in village towers, — A message lrom the angels' home To this poor work-day world of ours, " For them no calm chance words are said By pastoral lips in love and meetness, Like breathings from a violet bed, That touch the common air with sweetness. " Therefore, lift up thine arm this day ! Bid the Church meet them, Island Mother! Lest they forget her as they stray, And falsely deem they find another ! — Mission Life. 