A BAD BARGAIN. By r. E. Francillon. PART nr. (CONTINUED). But Stephen was also a man of business ; j,. never loft a detail unattended to, and be lore loavintf for the other end of the world ]i. nail to seohis employers and to cutoff, as it were, the loose ends of his vocation. How ov. r, tliere was nothing that could not bo sailed in time to start tho uoxt day. Ho h "l only to call at about half-a-dozen placos, s:i ■ that lie was about to emigrate, collect w .at .small sums were due to him, and ex that his clienta must thenceforward p it his work into other hands. As he went alio it, ho felt only too bitterly that his triumph brought him none of the content winch should attend a seemingly hopeless ta^it at last achieved. The thought of Hope's iWthjopprossed him, though all lo^ic went nut to thrust away the body of Miraim's faiiier from his own door. Something stronger than logic, stronger even than pride iind even than duty, seamed to stand be t.veuii him and her whose "Good-bye" he |«i I nut dared to hear. Hitherto he had only he 11 cut off from the lives of others ; now, lie felt cut off for ever from his own. It was well for hiia that he was strong—or elso it was ill. Hi:i last call was upon Mademoiselle d'Alba, who had of lato had so much occasion to put work in his way. When ho had soen her, ho would take his passage for Melbourne—nut that, lie had any reason for choosing that as his now starting-point, except thai the next morning chanced to bo more convenient for sailing there than elsewhither. Wo must linger over every last minute of his stay in tlio same world that hold Mil-aim. because he alio was lingering the.ein ; and Mademoiselle d'Alba had now become the one last, feeble, lingering link between hini and her. Tlie^Wina donna was at home, and would seo him ; for she was expecting some work from Uim which had now been unpreceden todly delayed for a few hours. He was shown into her boudoir, and presently she came to him, She was a rather liandsoino, decidedly scout lady of full forty years old, but.fairly wall preserved considering her age, hor pro fusion, and the hour of the day. Her f<!:i'.ures, as well as her name, wore of a Spanish cost, but, it need hardly bo said in tlu'su days, her voice was English, Bince it did not happen to bo American. ELer man 11 r was pleasant and gracious and she had rathur a winning smile. Stephen's eyes wore now clinging to overy least detail of this last day. " I'm glad to see you, Mr. Smith," said M idemolsello Eugenie. " It isn't often yon ko.:p 1110 waiting—thank you for talcing the trouble to ooine. But—whore ia the part 1 is anything wrong J" " What, haven't you received it, Ma .demoiselle ?" '' It was to have been ready early tliia morning. Luckily things have gone so tliat I can wait till to-morrow—but I must have it fclnm." " No doubt you will get it before then j and I am certain that nothiug can have gone wrong. But the fact is, business has obliged tne to go out of town into Somersetshire ; and altogether things have changed with me in tin last few days. But you may depend on getting gdtting the part, and everything else iliac iv.is in my hands. I am going to Aus trilii, Mademoiselle. Of course I woulJ have let you know sooner, if had known." " Ze3, I do shink you should have let me kiui\7," said Mademoiselle d'Alba, with a rather ungracious fro win. " I had got to de pend upon Von like a clock, and now you stop without warning." " I could not help it, Mademoiselle." " I am vexed. I hate being put out by things that ought to run smoothly. Well, I must lind somebody else, that's all ; and just when you had got to know my ways. Whan do vou start 1" " To-morrow morning, Mademoisollo." " Well, of course you will see that your work ia done; &t; a.ny rate, tlio part that is Jue to-day; tho rest you had better send ine bai.-U, whether it ia read/ or not. Do I owe you anything " A. .trifle. But you may be quite at ease about everything in ray hands. It ha* been for some time past more in—in Miss Shaw's hands than i" mine. She is the beat copyist I ever knew,1" "I thought J had noticed a diiferenje. Well, if that is m, she may as well go on. But what name did wou V "Miss Shaw. Her address is mine ; and she will attend to all matters for me—at least to all on hand. But she pill not take iuiy new work of her own." "What? Is alia going to Australia too ? A}/., if that is the cause, forgive me for being pat out a little." " Ho, Mademoiselle. I am going out alone." " Weill, give me a roceipt, and bon voyage: Sdfc why won't Miss Shaw go on ? 1 mu.st 'Sn.l somebody, a'id of course I feel naturally ■disposed to do a good turn for a Miss Sh-iw." " Thank you. Horo is tho roceipt. Why, Muf^moiaelle <" •' 6?c,nise it feels like doing it for oneself, iisupposo?" " For oueself, Mademoiselle." ■" For my-Btlf, Why, do you mesij that yon are almost in tjie profession yourself, and never beard that Mademoiselle d'Alba is op eratic for Miss Shaw?" "Indeed 1 But 1 hare never ha en to hear things. I always thought you a. Spaniard, fr-mi vour name." "So I am—half; my mother wag a real S;)tt!:iard, I fancy. Indeed I'm not euro that I'm not a who'e Spaniard, in spite of my K'line ; I expect I'm a Peruvian by birth, or a <D'i;Uian, or a Brazilian, or a Cuban, or some thing of that kind. You say you've been in S.i.usi-aotshire—that is my country, so far a? 1 ioiowof one. I suppose nobody but mysjlf 'tsv.tr heard of n place called Barnford," '"* Daruwrd !" " You Iciiovv Barnford ? Tli.it is strange— uni your knowing a Miss Shuw too. B it, she m i't come from there—there ara no Shaws nt Barnford now " " If I did not think myself dreaming !" " What then 1" '• If I hud nut once thought myself mad, I ishmld tell yovyou art; Lucy Shuv, daughter <of Paul Shaw., said " " So I am. But—who on earth are yan ?" Tie felt himself turning hot and cold, and flre-it drops bursting from his forehead It •iu'l iisver cost him such an elFort to keap liiiitvalf collected as now. But he succeeded —though his success ouly resulted in his 'Jfjenbitifcf Jikj.i machine. " Madeiaoiselle—I will tell you—why— yin hnvu cliristoued yourself—Eugenie. It is because of.ftvose that grew in Barnford— •you would unit hi "a o.ilied yourself that — Lucy—if youihad not been " "In Gud'd name, wlio are you to know that—Do I dream " Ho. I mu Stuplicn Shaw." Flo forgot his bargain that, Justice having hfi.hi dono, he w»s Stephen Shaw no mora— ■vi l no wonder. Here was she, on whom he wild have laid, his hand nriy minute for <nouth< past, nay, for years past, if his eyes h ul not been scouring the world instead of 3t) ikini^ at what lay under them. And what 3i"l lu'i- iitrf been—and how should they meet flow? Had life, and all that hud been h-tp p Miing. thrust them apart, or brought them to-ether? His he ire gave no leap in liim— if f'-lt like bloodless lead in him. It was she —but she was no more his eister, the Lucy of old time, than she was M'rauu. Jt <;ives o'i.> 110 joy to meet a ghost, however dear the living spirit may hava been. As for her— she might have rushed into his arms, strange, oM, aud unknown as he must have looked to her. She did no such thing. She only smiled, very brightly and swoetly, aud held out bnth her hands. "How strange!'' she said. "Sit down!" Aud that was just how they met, and knew oio anothor again, after all these years. But thiuk how they me, aud how they had parted ; hoiv the odd girl whom nobody could understiyd had left the simple-hearted yoiing g irdeuor who half loved her inure than he i'-iuiv, and hoiv now the brilliant and famous ima donna came back to such a man as the y , gardener had become. There wen ab •acutely up link left betvvfjen b/ivq 9 dead memory of a place Hint the souls of both j had forgotten, and of days that had long ago lost all their moaning. Thoy were what they had never been—or even what they had ever been. I . Do was almost angry with himself that he corild not feel as he had always thought he would, uutil the news of her death told him he should see her uo more. " Why did you go without one word !" asked he. So much would havo to bo told, and ho did not know how to bessiri, And then lie had to tell her of her husband and her child—how was it she had become parted so utterly from hor child? How was it alio had not died broken-hearted at losing Miraim, instead of smiling; and flourishing as if she had never known love or /mqtherhood in all her days?!' . I } " From'Bristol ? Oil, how long ago ! : But I did leave you a word." " A. word S—a worse thaniiotliing..". > " And it hurt me. But.what could I do 1 Stephen—I was beginning to think you were beginning to care for ma a little too much, in those days. Now, think of it. You were bravo, strong, young, able to make any career with your own hands, and longing in your heart to mrko one, and yet slaving for mere daily bread for the sake of a girl who could never be anything to you. There was I, only lived to be a uurden upon you—giv ing nothing, and taking all ; a curse on you, drawing out your life and strength, and likely to bo a far worse curso ill time to come. Ouizht that to bo '? Would vou have borne to be me i You would have been as unhappy as I was—more, perhaps ; because you never dreamed. You know how useless I used to ba about butter and cheese and everything you would have wanted of me. We were no more fit to be together than an olephant and a canary. Ono day I plucked up courage, and culled on Monsieur Carrel. You don't remember it, but there was an opera troupe in Bristol just then—I had been waiting for such a chance, and I liad longago found out I had a voice of my own. Ha took my broath away by telliug me that if I would put my self in his hands he would make my fortune and I expect my coffee-coloured Spanish face helped 1110 a little. Oh, I felt so ungrateful when I jumped at the idea—but I was young, and oh, I can't tell you what hopeless,: help less weariness of heart and soul it had been to'me, all tliat'rouud of life at Barnford—it had stilled me over sinco I A'as born'; and then the prospect of . life to come, and my feeling about you—I had to spread my wings and fly away. And—if you had followed me ! You would have heard 1 was-going 011 the stage ; yon would havo brought mo. b:ick again. IFould you havo lot mo go on the stage, and wander about with stage-players 1 Perhaps you would have made mo marry you; and then wo would have been miserable— until we hated one another. I ahould have ruined you, and you would have ruinod me. I was afraid of your hard brain and your strong will, and your straight ways, never turning nor going up nor going down—so nn liko mine. No ; we belonged to diflerent elomonts ; I thought you belonged to oarth and I to air. .< . . . But I said to my self, Now he too will live and be free ; and aa soon as I am rich and great ho shall buy back Barnford again if he will. . . . . That was my dream ; but first 1 had to be free After awhile, so soon as I felt safe, I wrote to you. But you never wrote back again, and it grieved me sorely. I wrote to the nursery-man at Bristol—he told mo you had gone away, and I could not learn where Stephen, I did be come a little famous, but never very rich ; I always supposed you were well and happy s-imowhere, and I had nobody to save for, so I just passed a sponge over everything and hive lived my life for myself in my own way. Happily, I love it, and have bueu as happy aa any lonesome woman cm be. All the world is my friend. And now—1 lind—-What is there on earth I can do for you 1 What has made your life fail V' " Why do you not tell me even now that you were the wife of Richard Hope ?" he asked, in a low voice—but sternly, for her. .story was as yet too unlike what he had ever dreamed to be simply comprehensible. ■ " Why don't I tell you! Simply because I never marriod. him. What can make you fancy such a thing ? What do you know of him ? I knew a Riohard Hope in Paris— certainly ; he was a handsome fellow, and he made a litile love to me—but as for marrying him, Mon Dieu! Oott bewahr ! Why even when he gave me his picture I should have tossed it into the lire if little Lu hadu'i begged it of me for a plaything. I marry "him indeed!,' "You—you threw the picture of—Hope, on the tire?—Aud Lu?—Richard Hope was not Carrel I" " Good gracious, no. Didn't I tall yon Carrel was my master ? Poor fellow ! I never thought he would havo died in battle— bijt he did, though. Nothing ever happens As it ia looked for." " Your mqster—not your husband ? And —Good God <—yejt the father of your child?" What extraordinary story have you got hold of sbout me ? Carrel was my singing master, L never married ij,nybody,. I never had a child." "Lu ?" "Lu was what ho called her—little Mir aim, my god-daughter; Madamo Carrol's little girl. What on earth made you think she was mine ?" " You tell me, as you live, that you never marriod—that you never had a child—that Hope—you tell me this as surely as that you never died at Paray ?" " As surely e.a that I never hearfi of Paray •" The hand of Proridepce, indeed! Wha^'At} his own hand done ? Hw bad hounded an innocent man to self- murder, he had disin herited (.fre dead man's son, and all for the sake of .throwing the fruits of actual plunder aud moral murder into the lap of Miraim Carrel, who was nothing to hirp^except. . , , , tlint he loved her. (To be continued). 