MISCELLANY. Celestial Timbeb.—Sunbeams. A Paib of Pomps.—'Two special reporters. The Place fob a Retired Broker.—A Btock farm. A Knot.—At a house where they do a great deal of fancy-work and keep a white poodle, an Inno cent gentleman asked, " Who knit the dog J" Dcbing the house-cleaning season there is no place like home—and that's something to be extremely thankful for. Teacher to small boy: " What does the proverb say about those who live In glass housesT" Small boy: " Pall down the blinds." M Can you get people out safely in case of fire r Manager—" Haven't had time to think of that; getting 'em in is what Interests me." German fbiend—"De bictnre you haf balnted Is most puttful; dere is only von vord In de English lanckguige vich describe* it—and I hat vor* gotten it." The Boston Courier remarks that West* minster Abbey is not supposed to be a money-mskiDg institution, bnt it has, nevertheless, got up a very good corner in poets. It is said that " Jumbo " has not lain down for five weeks. It is not necessary. There are several connected w ith the circus who do enough lying for the whole show. Apprentice : " Ever since I came to my new master I haven't been able to swallow a piece of meat" Mother: " Poor boy, were you homesick ?" " Ob, no, we don't get any meat." A Modest Disclaimer.—Self-satisfied Ama teur (showing bis drawings to Our Artist, &.A.)— •' And recollect I'm not in the trade, mind yer. I'm a hosier by profession ["—Punch. A Brick.—Lady Visitor—" Had you a board school in the parish you came from T" Cottager (thinking a moment)—'" Well, ma'am, as well as I can rimember it was a red-brick school!"—Fun. The Indianapolis Journal frantically shouts—" Will Americans never cease toadying to the effete monarchies of Europe T" Never! Americans admire a big bras with a crown on his head, who knows how to be blown up in first-class style. About X and XX.—X, in algebra, stands ___ ui , ^ ^uauwv^i MUIV ^wvuuo Win uuu »U»V it la pretty much the same thing in beer. X end XX frequently stand for en nnknovn quantity—of hope end melt. That Connecticut woman who was para graphed as having carried a pleoe of glass in her toot tor *8 yean, arlaee to explain that it waa only halt a light of 14 x 28. She doesn't want tire matter ex aggerated.—Free Preee. Lively foe the Girls.—The Prince of Wales lately received a diverting reply from the mayoreee of a midland county town, whom he offered to escort to the refreshment-room. "Thank your Highness," said the dame; "bat I'mshampooing a oouple of young ladies, and I don't like to leave them." " She's a dear, good girl," said a St Louie young man, in referenoe to a Chloago fair one. "I assure you, father, she is all aouL" "Tee," replied hie stern parent, the old prejodioe against the Garden City embittering his words—"I saw her footprint In the sand by the lain aide. You are right; the is all sole."—Boston Transcript. Quite Disgraceful.—to a poetess the heartless "Chicago Tribune" writes:—"It will be Impossible to print your poem about the roeee true and viol eta blue thatbloom In the greasy dell. Mid the little birds that sweetest words of love In their chirp ings tell. We have a large line .of dell and blue-bird poetry on hand this spring that was carried over from last year." i . xobh, Mae j—Scene—A sylvan retreat, j swell Artist: " I'm going to paint thle cottage of ; yours.*' Old Women: " Aumgled to hear It, for it hiana been dune for mooy a langday, an* a've been at the laird ower an' ower again, bit he never headed." After a brief muse: "But, loch, man, wham's yar pail an' brush r Oollapee of artist. "Ready! Ays Ready!"—Mis. Ponsonby do Tomkyne—" That lady was evidently hi tended by Nature for a Chinese, Sir Charles! I wonder who rim oan be t" Sir Obarlce—" She happens to be my ahfttr, Lady Plantagenet de la Zouche. Stay 1 Mk why yon think Nature Intended her tor a Chinese I" lira. P, de T. (equal, as usual, to the emergency)—" She struck me as having such exquisitely small feet I"— Punch. Take It Either WAy.—K gentleman, ac companied by a favourite dog, visited the studio of a ' rising artist. There was a picture on the easel, and - the dog began to bark fuiiouBly at it. " Nature may be relied upon, after all," said the gentleman. " The best evidence of the faithfulness with which you have - painted tbatdog in the background Is the earnestness with which my dog barks at him." " But that Isn't a a dog," said the artist, flushing; " It's a cow." The gentleman was nonplussed for a moment, but he quickly replied, " Well, the dog's eyes are better than mine; be never did like cows." Why They Do Not.—It was a Boston girl who asked, " Why Is it that two souls mated iu the impenetrable myetery of their nativity float by each other on the ocean-currents of existence without being instinctively drawn together, blended, and beautified in the assimilating alembic of eternal love t" " That is an easy one," Bays an American editor. " It is because batter is 45 cents a pound, and a good sealskin Basque costs as high as 500 dollars. The necessaries of life must experience a fall in prioe before two souls will readily blend in the assimilating alembic, and so forth." Reparation.—A citizen of Detroit entered a Micbigan-aveuue grocery the other day and said he wanted a private word with the proprietor. When they retired to the desk, he began, " I want to make a confession and a reparation. Do you remember of my buying sugar here two or three days ago f "I do." " Well, in paying for it I worked oft a counter feit quarter on the clerk. It was a mean trick, and I cime to tender you good money." "Oh, don't mention it," replied the grocer. " But I want to make it right." " It's all right—all right. We knew who pasted the quarter on us, and that afternoon when your wife sent down a dollar bill and wanted a can of sardines, I gave her that bad qua-ter with her change. Don't let your conscience trouble you at all —it's ail right" A Negligent Conductor.—When the train going west over the Detroit, Lansing, andjiorthern Railroad had pulled out of HoweUute-otEer day, the conductor discovered that a mufwho should have stopped off there was 6till op^Soard. " Didn't you hear the brakeman call outpour station T' he asked. " Yes, I heard him call HtSwelJ, but bow did I know it was the Howell I wanted to get off at? I've never travelled over this road before." " Well, we don't have but one Howell on this line." " Then why didn't you come to me like a man and say so ? I'm from IS ova Scotia and how was I to know bat that your country was full of HoweilB ?" " Passengers should know where they want to get off," mattered the conductor. " So they should, sir, and if you had kindly come to me and notified me that this was the only Howell, and that this was the Howell where my aunt lives, I should not now be here, sir. I shall now decline to get off tbis train until 1 have the advice of Her Majesty's couboI at DetroitDetroit Free Press. Brother Gardner on Divorce.—" I hold heah Id my han'," began Brother Gardner, as be waved the missive aloft, "aletter from a cnll'd clergy man in Tennessee axln' dts club to use its inflooence to secure mo' stringent divorce laws in de varus States, an' to sot its face agin de procurement of divorce, except fur de very gravest reasons. Dis elub will do nnffin' of de kind. On de contrary, it will wote solid to furnish all facilities for parties desirous to be onhitched wid promptness an' dispatch. Naffiin' comes nearer perdiahun dan an anointed an' un matched conple tryin' to lib togeder as man an' wife. I hold dat no conple who doan' Inb each oder—who doan' agree an' can't forgive—who won't excuse— should lib togeder ten minits. If we git a house we doan' like we eell it. If we git a hoes we doan' like we trade him off. If we doan' like de nayborhood we move away. If we doan' like onr naybors we let 'em alone. How, den, kin yon 'spect husbands an' wives to put up wid ugliness, meanness, drunkenness, pro fanity, extravagance an' all dat am hatefal in de human heart? Let'em divorce. God intended hus band an' wife to inb, cherish, forgive, an' be all in all to each oder. Whar dey can't be sich it am a thonsan' times better dat dey be divorced. No man or woman who had inb in deir heart eber yit applied for one or eber will. If a divorce could be had by simply payin' a fee of 60 cents, no husband mated wid his wife wonld think of eeparashnn any mo' dan he does now. People cheat an' deceive when courtin'. Married life brings out de faults which dey hid. It has alius bin so, an' will be so to de eand, an' when husbands an'wives quarrel an' bate, a law to make 'em continue to lib togeder am unjust an' wicked. Let us now. attack de reg'lar order of bizness." Detroit Free Press. Put to the Proof.—Six or eight con genial spirits sat around a stove in a grocery out West one night, and, after several other subjects had been exhausted, some one in troduced that of panics in churches, theatres, and halls. This gave Mr. Hopewell a chance to re mark, " Gentlemen, I jnst long to be there." " Where V " Why, in one of those panics. Yes, sir, I'd give a new twenty-dollar bill to be in the theatre one night when there was an occasion for a panic." " Why?" " Why? Because one cool, level-headed man could stop the thing as easily as yon could end np that barrel of floor." " Well, I dunno about that," ob serv ed ope of the sitters. " There is something awfnl in the cry of' Fi>e' and, hear it where and when yon may, it startles and frightens. What wonld yon do In a theatre incase there was a cry of 'Fire' and a rush T" " I'd stand upon my seat, pull a revolver from my pocket, and shont oat that I'd shoot the first man who attempted to crowd or rash. One cool man wonld check the panic in ten seconds." " While Hie subject was being continued, the grocer withdrew to the rear end of the store, poured a little powder on a board, and gave three or four men the wink. Pre sently there was a bright flash, yells of " Fire!" and " Powder !" and every man sprang np and rushed out. Hopewell did not spring op and talk of shootiog. On the contrary, he fell over a lot of baskets piled between him and the door, got np to plough his way over a rack of brooms, and when he reached the street he was on all-fours, white as a ghost, and so frightened tbat he never looked back until he reached the opposite side of the thoroughfare. The Church Festival Spoon.—The success which attended the introduction of the American church festival spoon to the charitable aud religious public was, perhaps, more complete and brilliant than that of any other recent invention. It supplied a great and manifest wast, and supplied it so completely that people now wonder how the churches ever managed to carry on their business at a profit withont its valuable aid. Prior to the invention of the church festival spoon there was a very wide-spread dissatis faction on the part of the public with religions ovster stews. The truth is that the festival managers had been compelled to practise an economy in oysters to which . the public mind and palate refused to be reconciled. Tbewell-eetablishedruieiu preparing stewed oysters tor church festivals was that one oyster should be used with every quart of water, and that in serving eas terners a half of an oyster only should be given to each one. One quart of oysters. In accordance with this system, wm expected to furnish sufficient food lor M# people, end as the original qaart rerelv ooet 0tw 60 cento end each stew made from It wee soldfor SOoents • it followed thxt e clear profit of nearly SOdoL ooald be: made from every quart of oyetore. Of coatee, where ■■ « church festival wae attended by 400 or COO people the profits of the oyster department were very f large, and, Indeed, In moat oaeee avenged .doable tboec of the ioe-cream department. While this eyntem wae flnanolally a brilliant vnooeee It VM not '■ satisfactory to hungry people. It was oompUined. and with some show of jo*tloe, that while an oyetet ( Blew ought (to pneerve tome Uttie of the fame oyeter • flavour, church etewa tasted of nothing hot warm water and batter. Attempts were mads by liberal and public-spirited chnrch offioers from time to to remedy tide fault by adding to church etsws vartooa: flavouringextracVe—the moot popular of whl 18nolLh'sfcocleeUstical Oyster EKOMtoc.'' TheatteafitsL. however, were uniformly failures, fb* flavtrtittng' extracts did not plausibly imitate the flavonr Qtfcbe< oyetwy end tajna^tsatocm oom^^ntsjpnreyiaae their oysters, and that they wm flnyty bUssmafc disgrace upon a seared cause* The Invwstton ef Stoh chnrch festival spoon at ones pud a ptootoaU am. % plaint Thissp5»T"rrery^noV&pws;, * 1m.! pregnated so thorough!} mttti thsStvoar Of tHC oysur that the person ww> nam It In ooensxtoU WIS'' mads of nothing but Wah* wsAeL garine, and a spnnUiuK eft salt and! , „ they were eaten with $if Hm il aided to save the east of t«*e er tons qmrtsat' oysters aadtoglvsoomrlltsflsthisiitliiMtotheptShq ■tw To* Time*. 