MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph.] fFrom our Special Reporter.] Melbourne, Thursday, October 26. The Melbourne Cup this year has attained its majority, and at no neriod of the twenty one successive years that have marked its existence since the big trophy was first carried off by Mr. De Mestre's Archer in 1861, has more uncertainty prevailed in the minds of backers as to the probable winner than in the present year of grace, 18S2. In 1S61 there were 57 entries, 45 acceptances, and 18 runners at the post; this year: • there were 12S entries, So remain in,*and less than 25 will face the starter, and perhaps ten less than the largest number, 33. At present the probable list of starters and their jockeys stand as follows:— Darebin, 4 yrs., 9 st. 9 lbs. (Power); Lord Burleigh, aged, S st. 12 lbs. (Pigott); Sa vanaka, ageu, 8 st. 9 lbs. (Batty); First Water, (i yrs., 8 st. 6 lbs.; Cannamulla, 4 yrs., S st. 2 lbs. (Ycomans); The Drummer, 4 yrs., S st. 1 lb.; Pollio, 6 yrs., 7 st. 13 lbs. (Kilby); Segenhoe, 3 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. (Murphy); Sweet William, 4 yrs., 7 st. 11 lbs. (Colley); The Assyrian, 5 yrs., 7 st. 2 lbs.: Sting, 4 yrs., 7 st. 10 lbs. (O'Brien); Navigator, 3 yrs., 7 st. 9 lbs. (Norton); Gudarz, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs.; Santa Claus, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb3. (Ivcmy); Lord Lisgar, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. (Thomas); Odd Trick, aged, 7 at. 7 lbs. (Thornton); Jessie, 3 yrs., 7 st. 6 lbs. (Gains fort li) ; Stockwell, 4 yrs., 7 st. 5 lbs. (Riley) ; Boolka, 3yrs., 7 st. 2 lbs. (Burton); Guess work, 3 yrs., 7 st. 2 lbs. (Rawlings); Sylvanus, 3 yrs.,. 6 st. 13 lbs., (Hales); Pro moth ens, 3 yrs., 6 st. 10 lbs., (Cracknell); Little Jack, 3 yrs,, 6 st. 8 lbs. (Moore); Flying Jib, 4 yrs., *0 st. 6 lbs. (Walker); Mistaken, 3 yrs., 6 st. (5 lbs,, (St, Albans); Anglesey, 3 yrs., 6 st. 5 lbs. (Boase); ICingof.theVale,3yrs.,fist.4lbs. (Jones) ; Standard Bearer, 3 yrs., 6 st. 4 lbs. (Quiun); Belmont, 3 yrs., 6 st. 3 lbs. (Barr); Essex, 3 yrs., <5 st. 2 lbs. (Walker); Brunette, 3yrs.Gst.21bs. (Gough); C'alma, 3yrs., (> st. lib. (Nicholson); The Queen, 4yrs., 6st. (Barr.) Of these several must retire, because only one or two xepresentives will be sent from stables that now. have four on the list. To deal first with the South Australians, I find that Savanaka is the best of SaviU's lot. He has beaten First Water and The Assyrian at the weight, and the hope of the stable. Prometheus, has succumbed at the eleventh Lour to a severe cold. Although he has been backed by his owner and friends, Prometheus has not the ghost of a chance as he is now suffering badly from nasal catarrh, and a severe gallop might choke him. This mis fortune is deeply to be regretted because he was universally regarded by racing men here as the best three-year-old in the Cup, and such good judges as Sam Martin and other had quietly backed him to win them a thou sand ortwo before his owner arrived and put a commission in market. Mr. Kounsevell is sorely disappointed, as thccolt's Derby chance as well as bis Cup prospects have vanished. Whether Savanaka will be able to carry his 8 st. 9 lbs. to the front is doubtful in such a field, and South Australia must not expect the winner to come from Savill's stable. Al together Mr. John O'ozier has pluckily backed the grey to pull off the big event. Unless Standard Bearer proves to be a greater colt than was ever imagined he can not be expected to do the deed, and the only South Australian to rely upon is the son of Gang Forward, the speedy Guesswork. He is as fit and well to-day as hands can make him, and should he win the Derby, must have a big say in the Cup, even if he runs a good second to Navigator. The latter may not be able to concede him the difference of weight in the Cup. In the Cup, Guesswork will carry 7 lbs. more than Little Jack, now first favorite, and 8 lbs. less than Sting or Sweet William, who are next in demand. It is known that Guesswork can stay two miles, and his brilliancy is unquestioned. It is only surmised that Little Jack can do the dis tance, because lie was not the Cup horse of the stable until he had won at Caulfield, and and it is quite possible he will be displaced by another St. Albans' favorite before the day. The reported eale of Sting, although since denied, has made his chance seem doubtful, because the books stand so badly against him. It is thought Syl vanus can beat both Sting and Sweet William. Cunnamulla has not pleased his friends during the past days. The Drummer was going splendidly until he injured his foot, from which he is fast recovering, as he did a sweating gallop to-day. Pollio may have a say in it, also Santa Claus, Lord lisgar, Jessie, Stockwell, Mistaken, King of the Vale, Belmont and Essex, who are all doing well. At the present time of writing, on Thursday evening, I see no reason why I should not select our South Australian Guess work as the most likely winner of the Cup if he starts fit and well. At the post his most powerful opponents may be The Drummer, DeMestre's best, and Little Jack. I con sider Sting to be unreliable, although on public running he should be the best horse in • the race. JeBsie, King of the Vale, and Stockwell are good outsiders. Little Jack may be superseded in the betting by Belmont or Essex, should the wily St. Albans people make amove in the market. The latest list of starters for the Derby is Segenhoe (Murphy), Navigator (T. Hales), Fryingpan (Power), Guesswork (Rawlings), Prometheus (Batty), Boolka (Carey), Calma (M. O'Brien), King of the Vale (J. Bang), Ironmaster (Yeomans), Mistaken (St.Albans), Transferred' (J. King), Standard Bearer (Cracknell), Saionara (Ganisford), Belmont, Anglesey (Ivemy), Aidc-de-Carap (Riley), Solitude (Collcy). No doubt Prometheus will be scratched. It is needless to estimate the chance of these, as I believe that should Guesswork and Navigator get clear away from the others it will be a match between them ; and seeing the easy manner in which Guesswork won the Derby at Morphettville and the good fettle he is now in he may emu late the deeds of Grand Flaneur and carry off the double. Navigator, however, seems a more reliable if not so brilliant a performer, and should take a lot of beating. There is a rumor that Solitude will be brought out to save Navigator's chance, and that the filly is both well and dangerous. Boolka and Fryingpan deserve respect for this event, as both are good performers and doing well, and King of the Vale has his friends. It is not an easy task to make a selection for the Maribyrnong Plate with any degree of accuracy, but- the latest list of pro bable starters and jockeys is worthy atten tion, namely:—"Wahgunyah (Burton), Gold Top (Batty), Queen of the Sea (A. Trahan), Tichborne (Ivemy), Chloris (Gagan), Breeze (Williams), Tabletop (Yeomans), Tripod, Cupid," Dazzle (Power), Little Sister (St. Albans), Off Color (Moore), The Prior (Nicholson), Warwick (Huxley), Privateer (Kain), King3dale (MoGrade), chesnut filly (Hales), Lady Jervois (Boase), Narina (Pigott), Gertrude (Raynor), Delusion (Crack nell), Aberfoyle (Williamson), Middlemarch (Murphy), Statesman (Collcy), Monsoon (Rawlings), Hilltop (Riley), Turquoise (Gains forth),Heptakos (Higinbotham), and Merryjig (Yates). Of these the best known performers who are backed for money are Narina, St. Lawrence.Delusion.Kingsaale, Middlemarch, Warwick, little Sister, Aberfoyle, and the Luna filly, either of whom might win. Yeomans was never yet in a Maribyrnong Plate with out being dangerous, aud should he ride Tabletop I would name him as one of the first three. St. Lawrence is a grand-looking colt, and Warwick and Kingsdale are fast travellers. Narina is a beautiful filly, and the finish should be in her favor with St. Lawrence, Kingsdale, Warwick, Tabletop, and Delusion to supply the places. Mel bourne Stakes—Darebm'or Jessie. Hotham Handicap—First, Water, Lapstone, Gipsy Cooper. . Essendon Stakes—Savanaka and DeMestre's beat. - CoburgStakes—Tyropean, Little Jack, Verdure, lhe famous spiritist tip, for which it is reported Morgan wanted J oe Thompson to give him a thousand pounds, is said by the Herald to have been Little Jack for Derby and Bagot for the Cup, for which events respectively both horses are scratched. Tommy Hales has been very ill, and it is doubtful whether he can ride this meeting. De Mestre's horses did not arrive at Flemington to-day. Some good work was done, principally amongst Maribyrnong candidates, on the straight five-furlong course. The best perfor mers were Warwick, who beat off Turquoise andDcIos in 1 min. 4 sec., Delusion and Lap lander lmin. 7 sec.; King3dale and Forester, 1 min. 7-2 sec.; and Lady Jervois and Honora 1 min. 10 sec. Karma, St.'(Lawrence and others have also been doing good work. Thursday, Midnight. Scratcliings.—Derby—Eva, Treasure Trove, Gretna Green, St. Andrew, Essex, Belmont, Carmelite, Norfolk, Comet. Mares' Produce Stakes—Feu d'Artifice. Maribyrnong Plate —Dazzle, King's Son, Hill, Talk, Siguor, Dukedom. Oaks — Folle Farine. Hotham Handicap — Coorena. Hurdles — Fusilier. Coburg Stakes—Petrel. Latest Betting.—Derby—G to 4 Navigator (taken), 9 to 1 Segenhoe (offered), Stol Guess work (offered), 12 to 1 FryingpanandBoolka, 100 to 2 Prometheus. Cup—100 to 14 Little Jack, 12 to 1 Sweet William, 10 to 1 Cunna mulla, 8 to 1 Mistaken, 100 to 1 Prometheus (offered). Maribyrnong—5 to 1 Warwick, 7 to 1 Luna filly (named to-day Dinah), 8 to 1 Karina, 