G.UNDl)tAROO. TEi CoNoE'r.-LThL long-talkled.of concert has 'at Slength taken place. The night wae beautilfully clear 'moonlight, and conecquently there was a large nttondance, which was howeveor hardly so qquiet as might have been expuected, as there were tihro or four that attempted ta little larrikinism; but it was liot darried very far, aa the chairman, A. Dyco Esq. J.P., intimated at tile startllg of the second piece after the ton minutea' interval, that if any further attempts wero made to interfere with the quiet and respectability of the meeting it would be at once put i down by those doleg it being expelled from the room. I may say the reason for the interrTuptions was that it was known the concert was to finish with a farce entitled the Gotdaroo Ghllost, taken Iroo m a statncmont Smado by throo persone about three wveeks agio that they saw a ghllost one nIighlt ie the old Gundaroo Storo, and which they positively stick to, even to tihe presenot timb. Unt, lithoughi they beClieve they snaw a ghost, still they did not like thli idea of its being anoated on the stage, eo they wore determined to drown by their noine anything that might be said about the matter. Howevr after all the outortailnmoent pasisod off very weoll and was a great success, both by attoendanc and thle amont of money sooneured for theo Ssanle of tickots. The whole of the proceeds are not 'yet in, but it iL kInown it will oxceed thie amuount obtained at the last conucert. The doors wore opoened " about half.past soven p.n., and the socats wcre immediately rushed, but tihe concert did not bogin till about leight p.m., whenu Mr. Dyoo having takeoln the chair, in a few alproprinto and well-chosen remarks stated tihe concert would opou with an instrumental trio, the piece boing the Princo Imporial galop; after which Dr. Icaloes was calledl on to give au address on the object for which the ooncert was got up. This wa\s equally successful; after which followed song and chorus, Graidiathor'e OClok, by the company; KisA Me Quick and Go, by T. Williams; recitation, Woman with Tihree Cows, E, Onameron; :Itound by nine meimbers; cornet solo by J. loiilmna; Dnllypoream, by Ourtie Dy1s; Seoreunde, by J. E.. . Whito; instrumental trio, Ituntsman'su Call, by W., O., and I. 1)Dycso; song, Aunioi LiPle, by Mr. Canimoron; rending, Auction Extraordinary, by VW. Alleoki; song, Beollo of the Dall, by Olarence Dyee; stump spoechl by W. It. Cloemonger. Intlorval of to?n minutos. Instrsumontai trio, Homo, Swoot IHomo, by W., C., and I. Dyco; oong and chorus, IHard Times, by company; reading, Hero She Goos anld there Site :Goes, by U. Mo Grath; song, Sunny New South Wales, by W. ])Dyoa; ongi, IlRutio Young flauty, by Ourtis Dyco; song, Good Old Jeff, by T. Williams; cong (in choaractor), Complaints; song and chorus, the Throo Jows, by the company; rooltation, Psalm of the hald Head, by Curtis Dyoo; .uong, M. H. Whito; nong, ltobin Tamsnon'n Smithy, W. Aflleok; song, Seeooing Nolly Homo, T. Williams. Th Chairmai nowv ilintcated thalnt the concert .would concludo with a farce entitled The Gundaroo 'Ghost, by Moensrs. W. I. Cloetnngor and Curtis Dyco, 1I. Mo ratlh notiug as waiter. Tlti oeauodl grot amunaoeount. Thin flreo occupied about a quartor of nu hours; after which thie company op. ;poarod on thie stagei, nod IMr. Whliteo steoppedl forwnard and thanked the audionc for their aetenlance, andt trusted that ewhat lhad booi dono waen natisfactory; and as tlhey ,now the object for which the concert had taken place, he wan doputtotd by the iomembers of thie soociety to say thalnt iti loohkl woutl be forwarded to the five noeooln, viz. Nolatgilo, (Gundaroo, fIug 'well llTlagandntra, and uttot the nlast noool wook in t oiyear ;: antd ano it wans imlponible for the moiet bore to attend all thie neloool, they would like if the parents of ten children or olmti of the rurlidonts in the noighbliorhlood would attind ot the last Friday of the eohool week bofore Chriotmans and ansiat tile toriether by the examinatiion tltut woid takel pllaco to 'doldo who wase thie mot dneserving of the prizes "is' ithe differeont laoses. Ilo again thanked tho audiuence, and infornmed them if they cared for a dance at the finish sonme of the memInbers would play the mueico for an hour or two. The company thnou strucklr up God Save the Queeoon, which concluded the most suooessful concert that has been held in Gun. daroo for many years. I have forgotten to mention that tile room was nicely decorated with inottocs on the wall and the cetlling with wattle in blossom, willow, and other green boughs. The last usual weekly inmeooting of thle society is on Friday next (to. morrow), when the businees is a spelling.beo; after which the nooounts in connection with the society for the season will be entertained and settled, and thework for the soeason concluded. Polico.-At the court thlis day, before A. Aflleck Esq. J.P., Tllomas Long was charged with using obseoone language in a public place, and fined 20/, or fourteun days in the lockup. The flnoe was paid. Court.houss.-The contractor for the ouort.house repairs is gotting on well with the same; and the contractor for the Tallagandra school is also pushing it ahead. The Season.-We arbkhaving very dry weather. We want rain badly now/' Beptloniber 28. .. 