? ? M It. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. hy lunr xtle iullah. Mu. Itixby'a bathing suit certainly wan a very handsome bathing suit, and Mr. llixby, being a very handsome man, looked well in it. It sometimes occurcd to Mrs. Bixby that she would be quito as welt pleased if this wcro not ao, and if sho dF3 not so often hear of hU fig uring in tho crowd of bathers, who played tho mermaid at Spla-ibtown beach, morning and afternoon. ' Mrs. Bixby was sure he was not so fond of ducking her uuder Iho waves. On those rare occasions when oho did 'go in,' he allowed her to bob up and down, clutching at the ropo for a while, and then asked her, very curtly, if sho ' wasn't tired of it?' such circumstances who would not have been? Mr Bixby wan one of those beauty- men who gen erally snub thoir female relatives, ami keep their charms for. society ; but, besides this, ho bpro his wife a particular grudge : Sho was the niece of sovon very old aunts and uncle*, all immensely rich, and all ' very fond of Matilda.' But pcrhsp3 they wcro not as fond of Matilda's husband, for since their marriago six of them hod died, without leav ing her a penny. With each demise Mr. Bixby grew less affectionate. 'Ho married mo for my* expectation*, no doubt,' poor Matilda thought to herself, as she regarded in tho mirror, a countenance that bad no particularly fino features; and she, too, thought of tho thousands that might have boen hers, if alia hod married somo ono moro agrocablc to her family. Sho sat on the porch alone, tliispleasont July day, after Mr. Bixby had gone gallantly a\v.ay seaward, with the littlo waterproof satchel. in which be carnal his bathing-nuil, and Turkish towels, and thought of many thing*, and fell into such a deep brown study, that when iwrne ono addrtwed her with : ' l'our letters. Mm. Bixby ,' she started, and gave a littlo cry. ' Did I frighten you?' uid tho voice of a fellow-boarder. 'I didn't know you wero nervous. / am dreadfully, but you are al ways iso composed. It U only to give you your letter*. 1 brought them from tho office.' ' Thsuik you,' said Mm. Bixby, ' I think I mutt have boon attoep,' and a* tha other lady p*ued on, aim turned tha miuivea over in her lap. Thews were five of them ; one, a letter wjib a black aeal, Mr*. Bixby toro it open. It waa a-t tho had expected. Her Unclo Jedediah, aged ninety, was dead. That was ?ad. - Mr*. Bixby look out her handkerchief, and read on. Her nnck had left all hU money to the Asylum for Attorneys' Orphans. This wa.« ladder still. The handkerchief was wet in ao ioitant, and as her tears fell, Mr. Ba by'* voice fell ou h«r ear. '? I'w torn* back, Tilly. I promised to wail for sonus one who is going to llw beach. You hivt.ttste.rat' Mr*. Bixby wiped h« eye*, and Raw liim lho*a wiUi hw nam« npon their envelope*. II« titnply h«!d th#m, utArisg at lha block ed^sd paper in her hand. ' How yot» like to torment mo, Tilly,' ho «aid at but, ' what mm bavo you?' ?* t'ntld it dead,' sh* (uutwticd. 'WeU?' ^ ' H* bxn Utt bii money to a charily,' *ob b«4 Un. Bixby. Mr. Bhby rauitcicd an oath, and inarched away, ' I« lb« hall of lha hotel ? lady of fa*eioa. lint Air, *n4 Unk poieilbxl Hiw* under her h*nd«-M»6 «ryw, mtl him—probibly by fted d*nl. Tb« »«o w««i towwd the beach to Ktlhtr. ulkio^ -an»)Uly. ? ' Cort4inly, lie ro&mt;»l toe for my etpec taiioo*,' uuA Mrs. UUby, and went to tun »oora- 10 w«tp with teore fincJom. fihe did rsoi even go down to dinner th»t evening, and Mr. BUbr did not :/ecot« op to oak why, Aboal widiitKht them w«u coiulcniAtitin In Iho UtfU\\. Mr*, llixby wa« making in-julriti ftl.«jl ilr. UUby, and U» Uai hxm of him wm in Out water. Various pewon* km™ ul bw ttilcxuig it 10 bU hand«o!«« Utltiii^ drca*. J»obo»ly li*«l t-tttt him toiiws out. Thero wm prcat eiat«r(«st with th« coming dawn. Varna - yoang t*Ufc» r«wjrt-d Wra a* ' nrim mica b**uiifHUy' at tire o'clock. He bad trkd So leach -m« Ui *«im. It wm eridenl that h* wjw dromui. Mr». B'wby *m fiains fr^tn om »oo;n into another ujwiwrs. utii caliteg on her dear, darling, Icrreiy Au^urtw*, 1^ totzUt Jwr hw coldness. KyesroMhrtic 1*&U;* fllkii Use room, doctor* went esilkil in, aed rtp«rt«^r« were lotting down |*ra.£isjsh*. U«ttiwhi!« tinoilter l«tt«r.w-tb ft black #*al, n&fo;&.url toitrt. Bfxby, eniictl at the hotel. his fortune to hi» 'dear niece, .Matilda..; Bix- by.' '.'. ,.- 'C..:,; ', '?'/?'. :.;?';., ? '.. ' If poor Augustus had but lived to Bhare; it,' Bobped tho widow. ? .'''.' .?:'?,.-. -??'?'?? '. But, after nil, it was a consolation.. .. Sho remained at tho hotel all winter, visited by grave, legal gentlemoh, and wearing tho deepest weeds. In Spring sho bought a cot-. Ugo near tho beach, furnished it luxnriously and becamo a regular summer resident.. Wealthy, flattered, courted,. sho .becam'o .initp handsome. Attentions wcro showered upon her. Serious offers were mado for her handJ At length Jenkins, tho reporter, montioned,' in a long-winded paragraph, tho facts of 'her, 'Bomantio History;' how her fortune had been left her when sho 'was plunged **in agonies of grief, how much her 'residonco' was worth, and wUht hor orape cost a yard. And one suitor, moro persistent than tho others, wound himself about her. heart,: .Sho had determined to remain a widow, but sho was very lonely. She had vowed to marry no bandsomo man. This, man whom sho preferred was not handsome ; ho had ono crossed oyo and a club foot ; but Matilda bo lioved that shp should bo perfectly happy with him. - ?, Her mourning faded into lilac silk and vio lets, white tulle and ponsics. '' And. ono doy sho walked npon tho beach, slowly making up her mind as to the form in which her accept ance of a written odor, whioh sho had rat ceived, should bo couched, when, looking out upon the sea, her oyesroet an object which petrified her .with amazomant. It ^ was simply a swimmer, who, having gained a snot where tho water was only up to his waist, was advancing toward her ; but tho surprising point in this otherwise) very ordi nary object was that it woro Mr.'Bixby's bath ing costume. His wife know it too well to be mistaken. Had she not embroidered that pattern on the collar herself? Was not that braid mado to order ? Were not tho buttons some which had descended from the past? Real gold' buttons— too good, Mra. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing suit. Tho widow turned faint as sho gazed, for not only did she know tho dross, but tho bandsomo head above it. Sho know that it was Mr. Bixby's ghoBt. Her limbs failed her. Sho sat down on tho sand,' and hid her face in her trembling hands. But now a splashing sound of feet treading tho damp beach roused her. Sho looked np. Tho spectre stood besido h'cr, looking very solid, indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke, and said : ' ;» ' Don't bo frightened, Tilly, dear. I^ini not an apparition. I am your own Augus tus. Look up, love. Look up.' ' And fell exhausted — or bo it seemed to Matilda — at her side. *' ' Matilda shrieked, clasped him in her arms, wet as ho was; sobbed that tho joy of that moment would bo too much for her, and never thought for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in tho tea should walk out of it alivo and unharmed a year afterward. But Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. Ho had swam out too far, and been pioked up by a boat attached to a whaling vessel— the Sea Gull, Captain Brown — ho was careful to ex plain ; had been ill and delirious for weeks, and only recovered to find tho ship driving before a fearful gale, which wrecked her ia mid-ocean. With seven others he took to a' raft, and was cast on a deserted island, whoro he lud since lived tn his bathing suit, subsist ing on shell-fish and berries. And how at last, knowing himself to be a good nwimmor, no Hod resolved to mako a bold stroke for life. ' And hero I am,' added Mr. Bixby. Poor Matilda, crediting every word of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. ' And what must have been, your struggles, my poor wifo ?' Bighcd tho the hnnband. Then Matilda astonished him by an ac-. count of her legacy, and conducted him homo,'' to the amazement of every ono who met them — joy in her eyca and in hor poor, honest heart. Left alone in his apartment whilo tho faith ful wifo prepared beef tea and other restora tives, for tho individual sho had recently boon in tho habit of alluding to an ' her sainted husband,' Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing flu of silent laughter, and several .times re peated to himself: ' 'Hang it I vmn thcro over such a fool an Tilly?' and a tramp who wondered on the nhoro was at tho samo timo overjoyed by tho diacovery ol a rather seedy suit of clothes, in the pockets of which, besides several reproach ful pink notes, signed Rosalie, ho found a' Chicago newspaper' in which tho enterprising reporter's account of Mra. Bixby's' romontio history,' her good fortune, and her seaside mansion hod been faithfully copied. However, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal in hor power, won not as often qnubbed in tho future as she had been in tho past. Her hus band no longer flirted in liervrttenct, and she considers herself 'an exceedingly happy wo man, and in very fond of repeating tho Btory of Mr. Bixby's adventures, which «ho lias no doubt tho whole- world believes a? thoroughly 03 itho dots. .-, 