MORAL TALES BY A HORRID IMMORALIST. III. The Miscbeants of the Mail. Chapteb I. — The Lovyers. In a simple village remote in the backwoods of New South Wales, where the herds low and the shepherds are lower ; in the wild and squatting regions, lived Thomas Tucker, whose little game was boundary-riding on Dampier Station. He loved Martha M'Oanny, the overseer's daughter, a sweet, gushing girl yet were the author to assert that 4 she never told her love,' he would be promulgating a deliberate fiction, inasmuch as she had confessed that she re ciprocated Mr. Tucker's sentiments to a nicety. They were engaged ; and all might have been — but we must not anticipate. ' My own Martha,' observed Thomas, one evening as they met at their accustomed trysting-place, 4 wilt thou love me then as now ?' 4 Am I not fondly thine own,' responded the maiden. After two hours of this sort of talk they parted. Chapteb II. — 4 He Cometh Not, She Said.' Thomas Tucker having smoked his customary fourteen pipes felt slightly uneasy — he knew not why, but a secret sorrow seemed to overpower his soul. Perhaps 'twas typhoid — but, no, he lived in the backwoods, far away from the centres of effluvium. ' Well,' muttered he, this is folly. I must not despond. I am not rash though,' he added, baring his manly arm to the elbow, 4 here is a rasher.' Saddling his screw, and bringing forth his spare hack, he de parted slowly towards the station, in quest of rations. As he passed the fence which enclosed the garden of the house where dwelt his beloved, Thomas heard voices. He would of oourse have spurned the meanness of eavesdropping ; but nevertheless he listened. (This often occurs. ) One of the speakers was Martha ; the other her mamma. 4 Sweetest mother,' said Martha, 4 1 love him dearly ; why, oh why cometh he not to cheer my heart — oh ; why, why absent so long. His voice is near me in my dreams ; yet — ' 4 So long 1' muttered Mr. Tucker. 4 Surely an hour's absence need not distress her fond heart so much. Bless her : for she's all my fancy painted her ; she's lovely, she's serene — ' Again the females approached. 4 For three weeks has this absence lasted, and my heart is breaking, mamma,' observed Martha. 4 Three weeks /' moaned Thomas. 4 Why, 'tis barely sixty minutes since I left her — oh, the — the — orthagoxiscus mola /' 4 Thomas cannot console me for his loss,' proceeded the maiden. 4 My heart is breaking, and if he cometh not soon, 1 — ' But Mr. Tucker heard no more ; he had taken a fit. Chapteb HI.— 4 Reach Hard, Son, and Wbenoh.' Thomas Tucker slowly recovered. He brooded for a few hours, and then proceeded to whet his clasp knife on the sole of his boot. 4 But no,' he muttered, 4 not thus must it be done.' Walking on for half-a-mile, he came to the station-dip — 'twas full of a preparation of tobacco and arsenic, and other deadly drugs, boiled to a fierce degree of intensity, for the benefit of such of the flock as suffered from cutaneous eruptions. It was an awful mess. The miserable boundary-rider waded in chin-deep, and drank at least two gallons of the mixture. Whilst thus engaged Martha approached : she had observed him from the window of her sleeping apartment, and had followed. (Plaintive music from the orchestra, through which the dialogue is spoken.) Chapteb IV. — 4 Nip Heb and See.' 4 Oh, powers of poplinette !' screamed Martha — 4 what, what is this?' 4 Ha !' mournfully replied the unhappy youth — 4 behold me, thou false one — behold me, I say ; nor make any effort to save ; and, mark me (to punish thy falsehood and pride), my ghost at thy wedding shall stand by thy side ; shall tax thee with perjury, claim thee as bride ; and bear thee away to the grave. Drink, pretty creature, drink.' And he drank, but without being either cheered or inebriated. 4 What do you mean ?' sobbed the distracted maiden, gathering her garments about her, for the night was chilly. 4 Base deceiver,' replied Thomas, 4 learn, to thy confusion, that I know all. I overheard your admission this evening — of your love for another— oh, 1 can no more — 44 sink hilly lacrymunny." ' And he prepared to sink. 4 Stay ! stay I' gasped the heroic girl, plunging into the dip, and supporting him (limelight effect) — 4 hear me — we will die together. Yet know, doubting, foolish Thomas — know that the love to which I referred was a platonic affection merely.' 4 Platonic ! for whom ?' gasped her lover. 4 Why, for Sydney Punch!!!' cried Martha, 4 the myrmidon agent for whioh has not forwarded my copies for three weeks— three long weeks' (Chord). The enraptured yet moribund Thomas Tucker clasped her to his bosom and wept profusely. Doubtless he had himself been treated in the same heartless manner. 4 Sweet one,' said he, 4 pardon me. I die. This potent sheep - wash quite o'ercrows my spirits — live — live — be happy— and be sure to change your clothes when you get home, or you'll catch cold.' 4 Happy !' gasped the heroic maiden, hysterically. 4 Come, let us be happy together. ' Tis but a dip and all is over. And she drank a gallon and a half of the nauseous combination. 'Twas a fatal drain— the sink followed. Tableau : entry of parents, supers, &c.;, curtain. moral. If country postal agents will kindly let us know the number of copies they require, their wants shall be ministered to free of expense. Mr. Punch cannot allow this sort of thing to continue ; it's quite too utterly harrowing. ,+ 