FHOM JEST TO EARNEST. CHAPTER XXilLL— TCohtinued.) The expression of bis face repaid her as he ex amined it with a comical blending of reverence and affection, as some devout Catholic might a relic. In the blade of the oar was worked, with the most exquisite fineness, the words, * A'True Knight/ Within an inner pocket, where .they could not be readily seen, were the words, — ? With the t^t^T'1' of Xiottle SEarsden.* But his quick scrutiny soon discovered them, and he turned and said, with an emphasis that' did her good, * * I value this more than the cheque.' ' What folly !' she said, blushing with pleasure ; * it isn't worth five dollars.' * I can prove that it is worth more 'than, the cheque,' be said in a low tone. ' How ?' 'We value that gift most wMch we receive from the friend we value most. There! it is proved in a sentence. But I can prove it over asrain.' ' What delightful lessons in logic ! But you surely cannot prove it again.* ' Yes. If the gift from the friend we value most contains evidence that thought and time have been expended upon it,— that gift, however slight its market value, has a worth to us be yond price, because showing that the friend we love supremely thinks of us in our absence.' ' I did put a great deal of time and thought on that little gift, but you have repaid me,' Lottie answered in a low tone. Their brief but significant tcte-a-tete was now interrupted by De Forrest, who came forward to thank Lottie for her costly gift to him — a gift bought on Broadway. He had -uneasily marked the fact that she had given something to Hem stead, but when he saw that it was only a sermon cover he was quite relieved. ' Come here, Frank, and show me yourpresent/ said Mr. Dimmerly, a little later. Hemsteadcrood-naturedlv comr-lied.andthe old gentleman looked at the single embroidered oar with a comical twinkle in nis eye, and called again, — ' Lottie, come here.' bhe approached rather shyly and reluctantly, not knowing what to expect. 'Now, Lottie,' said her uncle, reproachfully, pointing to the oar, * I did not expect that from so sensible a girl as you are. What is a man going to do with one oar, unless he is to take a lonely scull through life, as I have? Do you mean to suggest that to Mr. Hemstead ?'. ?Mr. Hemstead found out another meaning than that/ she said, laughing: 'and I'm not going to stay here to -be teased by yon ;' and she ran out of the room, the picture of blushing -happiness. When Hemstead again saw her, it -was with a great ,dread in his heart, and his tones were grave and almost stern. ' O — h — h ! you found 'out another meaning, did you ?' said Mr. Dimmerly, looking both kindly and quizzically over his spectacles at Ins nephew. 'Well, uncle, to tell you the truth, I hardly understand myself ; my visit here is a great con trast to my quiet seminary life, and I have been getting deeper and deeper into a maze of happy bewilderment every day. So muoh has hap pened, and I am so changed, that, like many in tales of enchantment, I scarcely know whether I am myself.* ' I have seen the spell working,' said Mr. Dim merly dryly, ' and I am thankful that the trans formation has not been of the nature that Shakspeare portrayed in bis Midsummer. Night fantasy. Your head might have become turned over the wrong girl, and you have reached the period when it is bound to be turned over some one.* 'Uncle,' be said fervently, ' she is the noblest and most beautiful being in existence.* ' Frank, I wish to see you,' said Ms aunt quietly j and he followed her to her own private eitting-room. Mr. Dimmerly indulged in his low, chuckling laugh as he looked after them. 'Now she's going to ' stop' it, he — he — . In the meantime 1 11 go out and stop the brook from running down bill.* '* The time has come,' said Mrs. March -mont to her perplexed nephew, with the complacent superiority with which the wise of this world enlighten those whose ' heads are often in the clouds ;' — ' the time has come when I must speak plainly to you of a matter &s; important as it is delicate. You are my own sister's child, and I cannot see you wronged or going blindly into trouble without warning you. Are you not permitting yourself to become inte rested in Miss Harsden to a degree that is not wisep' 'Why not wise?' he answered with burning cheeks. ' Have you not realised that she is one of the most fashionable young ladies in New York, and belongs to one of the wealthiest end most fashionable families ? If you could but once see her mother you would understand me.* 'But she herself has changed,' be urged eagerly. Mrs. Marchmont emiled incredulously and pityingly. 'How little you know the world,' ehe said. 'In what do you expect all your senti ment to end? Only sentiment? You say you purpose being a home missionary. Can. yon imagine for a moment that one, situated as she is, would contemplate such a life ? Her parents would as Boon bury her.' Hemstead groaned under Ms aunt's remorse less words, but said, in a sort of blind despera tion : 'Her parents ! Is this Hindostan, that parents can treat their daughters as merchan dise P A girl of Miss Marsden's force and nobility of oharacter ? *' ' Oh, Frank, hush ! It absolutely makes me sick to eee one so easily deceived. 'Nobility of character,' indeed ! Well, I don't wish to speak of it. I could not believe it, even of Lottie, but nothing less than the whole truth, will convince you ;' and she told him of the plot in wMch Lottie purposed to make Mm the ridiculous subject 'of a practical joke, and intimated that all her actions since was but the carrying out of that plot. At first Hemstead grew deathly pale, and Ms aunt thinking be was going to faint, began fumbling for ber salts. But a moment later the blood suffused even Ms neck and brow, and he said passionately, — ' I don't believe a word of all this ; Miss Mars deh is not capable of snch falsehood.' * Whether in your unreasoning passion you will believe it or not, makes no difference,' said Mrs. Marchmont quietly. ' It is true, as I can prove 'by Addie and Miss Parton/ He took a few hasty strides up and down the room, and muttered,— ' I will take her word against all the world. 6ha shall answer for herself j and lie rang the i-elL When the servant Appeared, lie said, — - 'Please ask Miss Mareden to come here at once-'' . ? '? .-??'?-?'. Mrs. March mont regretted Hemstead's action very much, but it was too firm and decided to be prevented; i She had planned that, after bis 'eves bad been opened to ids folly 'and Lottie's frivolity, to say the least, her nephew would with quiet dignity ceftfee Ms atfcejitionB, and, perhaps might ahprten Ms viat. She bad » noiTor ; of scenes, hnt feared that one was coniing now. . .? ?-- '.?:?. :' /:?.,?/, '??*---?? -.J ..-...-??: Hemstead admitted Lottie with a silent bow, and gave her a, chair. ?;,? ' ' .. v ? ~.v.-r% When ehe saw hie grave, pale face, her heart ?misgave her strangely, and she trembled so that even he noticed it, and, also another faaty ahe did not meet his eyes. He fastened his upon ber afc if he would read her soul, for he how felt tha more than, -life was at stake. ? . ' Miss Marsden/ he Baid, in a low deep tone, ' my aunt has made a strange charge ? against yon ; but I said to her, and I now say to yonj that I will take your word against all the world. She asserts, and gives the names of her wit nesses, that your action — your kindness toward me from the first, has been bnt the carrying out of a deliberate and heartless jest. Is it true ? * Lottie's wonted quickness failed her. She had been so happy, and had seemed to have gone fax beyond her own false self, and so established in his affection, that such a reverse did not appear possible. But the evil that at one time she feared had now come in a form so unexpected and serious, that for a moment she was stunned and bewildered, and fell into helpless confusion. The nature of the case aggravated her distress. How could she explain F What could ahe say? In re sponse to His question she only trembled more violently and buried her burning face in her He saw in this action confirmation of fears that he at first would ?scarcely entertain, and re. garded her & moment with, a strange expression, upon Ms face — anger and pity blended, and then j silently left the room. The sleigh stood at the door, and the coach- 1 man was just starting on an errand for New burgh. . Mr. Dimmerly ,. looked with surprise at his nephew's pale face— a surprise that was greatly increased as the young man seized Ms hat and* coat, and said in a husky tone,— ?? 'I am going to New York for some days/ and he sprang into the sleigh and Was driven away. ' Well,' said the old -mn-n testily, 'if she ' stopped' him as easily as that, he deserves to lose her.* And Mrs. Marchmont, seeing Hemstead depart bo silently, congratulated herself that ehe had escaped a scene after all; and complacently thought, 'These tilings can be 'stopped' if taken in time, notwithstanding brother's senti mental nonsense.' As poor Lottie's mind emerged from its chaos into connected thought, she speedily came to the conclusion to tell Hemstead the whole truth, to condemn herself more severely than even he could in his anger, and ask Ms forgiveness. But when she raised her tearful face to speak, he was gone. She heard the sound of bells. A sudden fear chilled her, and she sprang to the window and saw a vanisMng form that she dreaded might be his. Without a word to Mrs. Marchmont she rushed down to the lower hall, where she found Mr. Dimmerly fuming about. * Whera is Mr, Hemstead ?' she asked eagerly. ' What the deuce is the matter ? What have you and sister been saying, that Frank should come down here wMte as a sheet ?' | * But where is he ?' she asked again, in a tone j that her uncle never heard her use before. ; ' Gone to New York for several days,' he said. Lottie tottered a moment as if she had received a blow. With one hand she steadied herself on the balustrade of the stairs, while she passed the other across her brow ; then turned and wearily climbed to her room. CHAPTEB XXXIV. IOTAL. Bel was startled at the pallor of Lottie's face as she entered the room, and rose hastily to offer assistance, but Lottie motioned her away. With out a word she threw herself upon the bed and signified her grief and despair by an act as old as the oldest records of humanity, — -she ' turned her face to the wall.' Bel knew that Mrs. Marchmont had 'spoken plainly,' and had seen Hemetead drive away. She expected Lottie to come to her room in a towering passion, and was prepared to weather the storm in cynical endurance, assured that her j friend would eventuallv thank her for havimr had a hand in breaking up the 'whole absurd, thing.' But when Lottie entered with the expression ofone who had received a mortal wound — when, in silence and despair, she had turned her face from all the world, as if there was nothing left in. it for wMch she cared, the nervous young- lady began to fear that this affair might not pass away like an ordinary ' mood.' She reasoned and remonstrated, but Lottie did not heed, and scarcely heard her. Then she went to Mrs. MarchmoTit, and disturbed even that lady's complacency by her account of Lottie's ap pearance and manner. But with approving con sciences they both said, — ' It was time something was done.* The dinner hour came, but Lottie shook her head to all urging to come down. It was the same at supper. Entreaty, remonstrance, the assumption of hurt and injured tones were alike unavailing. She lay motionless, like one stunned and under partial paralysis. Sirs. Marchmont lost her complacency utterly, and Mr. Dimmerly proved bnt Job's comforter, as he snarled, — . 'You have 'stopped.it' with a vengeance. If s always the way when . people meddle.' Nervous Bel was in a perfect tremor of anxiety, perplexity, and weak remorse; and she kept flitting in and out of the room as pale and rest less as a disquieted ghost. De Forrest thought he ought to be * chief mourner ;* but no one seemed to pay much atten tion to him. As for Lottie, one ever present thought seemed scorcMng her brain and. withering heart and hope. ' He thinks me false — false in everything — false in every glance and word to Mm — false even when I spoke of sacred things ; and he will de spise me for ever.* Little wonderthatshe was so drearily apathetic to all tiiat could be said or done to rouse her. The fall from the pinnacle of her religious hope and earthly happiness was too far and great to permit speedy recovery. At last she rose and mechanically disrobed.for the night ; but no sleep blessed her eyes, for on every side' she saw, in flg.Tni-ng letters, the word 'false.' With increasing vividness her fancy portrayed a pale, stern, averted face. The next morning she waa quite ill, and her aunt, in jflamij was about sending fer a physician, but Lottie prevented her by saying somewhat rtnldlv — '' 'What drug has the doctor for my trouble ? If you really wish me to get better give Bel another room, and leave me to myself. I must fight this brattle out alone.' . - ' Now, Lottie, how can you take a, little thing so greatly to heart ?' - ' . * Is it a little thing, that the one whom I most honour and respect in all the world regards me as aialee flirt ?' . ' You surely cannot apply such language to my nephew?' ' J do, and on the best grounds. If I am young, I ani somewhat capable of judging. He is not the first man I have seen. You do not know, and have never appreciated Mr. Hemstead.* ' But, Lottie, compare your station and pros pects with his;* ' . j * There is scarcely any one with whom I would not exchange prospects. I am sick of society's artificial distinctions, in which v true worth and manhood — all that Heaven cares for — count for nothing. What does Mr. Heamstead care about my wealth, name, and position in New York. He looks at me, and you, or rather my own senseless folly, has made me appear a week, false tMng that, from the very laws of Ms being, he cannot help despising. But it was cruelly hard in you and Bel, when you saw that I was trying to be a different — a better girl, to Bhow him only what I was, and give me no chance to explain. He will never trust — never even look at me again,' And for the first time the unhappy 'girl burst into a passion of tears, and Bobbed, so long and violently that Mrs. March mont had a distressing consciousness that, her worldly wisdom was not equal to tMs case at alL She would have telegraphed Hemstead to return if she had Jcnown where to address nun. one was often tempted to write to Lottie** mother, but dreaded the reproaches of Mrs. Marsden for permitting matters-* to reach, snch & crisis before 'stopping' them. And so, in ansdety atlaat Lottie,wea«ed out^fellintoiieheayyaleep of utter exhajustion, from which she did not wake But tlie respite from thatmost depressing of all suffering, mental trouble, had given her a chance, Bind her healthful nature began to recover. She was a girl of too muoh force «nd «*»iH^Hnr '»?.-? to succumb long to any misfortune ; and, as, ehe said td her aunt, she meant to fight this battle out to some kind of solution. To the surprise .of every one, she appeared at the breakfast-table very pale, but quiet, and perfectly self-possessed. There was a dignity and decision in her bearing, however, wMch wonld make even Mrs.Marehmont hesitate before she 'meddled' again. De Forrest was half afraid of her, and began to realise that she was not the girl he brought to the country but a few weeks since. After breakfast she ^ dismissed Bel by saying plainly that she wished to be alone, and then eat down, and for the first time tried to clearly -understand the situation. It grew more and more evident how desperately against her were appearances. She had been false at first, and in a certain sense nrost appear false to the last, in that she had not told -»'' the truth. Besides, just when and how she had become in earnest she could not remember. The poor girl was greatly discouraged, and again gave way to tears as if her heart would break. But in the midst of her sore trouble, like a flash of genial light came the th«nght, 'If Mr. Hemstead will never look at me again, there is One who will;' and she sprang up, and having found a Bible, turned again to - its shortest text, remembering, with a quick sob, how she had : first discovered it. With almost the distinctness and reality of actual presence there rose up before h«r mind One who, with bowed head, wept with men for men. Every tear of sympathy appeared to fall on her bruised heart; and hope, that she believed dead, began to revive. She just dung to one simple thought : ' He feels sorry for me ;' and it comforted, her. Then she began to turn the leaves back and forth to find places where Jesus showed kindness and forgave ; and she soon found that tMs was His life — TTjh work in wMch He never wearied — kindness to- all, forgiveness for all. Then the thought stole into her heart as the* dove brought the ' olive leaf ' from across a dreary waste, ' If Mr. Hemstead is like his Master, he will forgive me.' Hope now grew strong and steadily, and the impulsive, demonstrative girl kissed the little Book, pressed it to her heart, and caressed it as if it were a thing of life. She got out her portfolio and wrote. — ux Mr. Hemetead, I sincerely ask your forgiveness for ray folly, ?which, you cannot condemn as severely as I do. Though unworthy, indeed, of your friendship and esteem, can you beiiere that I am not now the weak, tricked creature that I -was when we first met? Bnt X have not the courasa to plead my own cause. I know that both facts and at-- perirances are against me. I can only ask you — who told His disciples to forgive each other ' seventy times seven ?' * Tours in sorrow and regret, * Lottie Habbdbx.' ' I have now done the best I can,' she said. ' The issue is in God's hands.' At the dinner-table she again perplexed the mystified household. They in their narrow worldliness had no key to such a problem as Lottie Marsden had become. She waa gentleness itself. The mystic tears falling from Divine eyes had melted away all coldness and hardness, and the touch of her words and manner, if we may so speak, had in it a kindliness and regard for others to which even the most callous respond. Patient 6elf -forgetful- ness is the most God-like and the most winning of all the graces. After dinner, Mr. Dimmerly shuffled away by himself, with a sound between a sniffle and his old chuckle, muttering, ? I don't believe it is 'stopped' after all. Any way, I wish she were going to be a home missionary in my home.' Lottie went with Dan again to -die pond, and then to the 'fallen tree ;' but she_found no other tryst there, save memories, that, in view of what had happened, were very painful. ? After her return she no longer shunned the others, but sat down and talked quietly with them, as multitudes of men and women are doing daily giving no sign that in the meantime they are patiently watching at the sepulchre of a buried hope wMch may or may not rise again. As with Lottie at first, so with Hemstead, the word ' false ' seemed to have the malignant power to quench hope and happiness. If it is faith that paves, it would seem that it u its opposite — distrust — that most quickly destroys. In no way can we deal more fatal and ruinous blows than to deceive those who trust us. And Hemstead felt, at first, that he had been deceived and trifled with in all that waa sacred. For hours, both faith and reason reeled in pas sion, that grew and raged in the strong man's breast like a tropical Btorm. He plunged into the streets, crowded with his unknowing, un caring fellow-creatures, as he would lose himself in the depths of a lonely forest, and walked hour after hour, he knew not and cared not wMther. Two thoughts pursued him like goading phan toms — false -r-deceived. (TO BB CONTUJXTBD.) 