' CHURCH OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN SYNOD. ' 1 -? The sitting of the Church of England Diocesan Synod was resumed yesterday. The synod met at 12 30 p.m. The President opened the proceedings with the customary other. man ores. The minutes of the proceedings of synod on Wednesday were read and confirmed. A number of notices of motion were given. REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEES. Canon Bailey laid upon the table the report of the Select Committed on the Consolidation of the 'Laws of Synod; and also the report of the Select Committee on Church Lands. ', VKM'INflOFDBIIENrURKS. Canon Run is moved, That the debentures now held by the Bank of Van Diemen's Land on behalf of the synod be vested in the synod trustees. in accordance with section 8 of the (Church of England Constitution Amendment Act." Mr. Siemens suggested certain alterations; which Mr. Lovett concurred in. ! Canon Smith therefore moved, and Mr. Barnard seconded, the following amended resolution : , " That the debentures now hold by the B tuk of Van Diemen's Land on behalf of the synod be placed under the control of the synod trustees." The amended motion was agreed to Archdeacon Hales to move-That resolutions, page 35, Act No. 1, 1881, being thought by some is to be rescinded by the operation of a late Act of Parliament, the said Act be now considered for the purpose of being again adopted with such alterations as may be judged desirable. (To-morrow, Friday.) I nil'OK FUND). The Rev. C. Vaughan moved,-"That in the opinion of this synod it in desirable that the income of the Empire fund should be administered by the By nod." He pointed out that in proposing that the synod should take that course, he was not proposing what was without precedent, and was not assuming for the By and the < right which it had not before claimed or exercised. Resolutions had been passed by the synod in 1853 and 1856 concerning the ad. j ministration of the Ripon Fund, and therefore the synod having assumed they had a right to express an opinion how the income of the Ripon Fund ought to be expended, it was perfectly competent for the 'synod now to express its opinion as to the disposal of that most important and valuable endowment. ' His chief objection was that the fund should he placed in the hands of a few rather than in the hands of the synod. Although they had been for ! tunate enough to have gentlemen of business Liabilities to administer the fund, yet that might not I always be the case, for the clerical body did not, I as a rule, possess business abilities. Considerable dissatisfaction had been felt with regard to the a administration of the fund by s ' few persons. There was a diversity of opinion as to whether the fund was devoted to the assistance of the parishes most in need of it and that being the case, it was, he thought, advisable to place the administration of the money in the hands of the synod, which was composed of representatives of the churches, , AU suspicion of partiality could be obviated by the fund being disposed of by the synod, in the same way as other funds. In stating that the fund had been vested in the bishop for his own administration they must bear in mind that at that time there was no one else to vest it in there was no govern, ing body or Synod. Now that a change was about to take place in the diocese, he thought the matter of its administration should be put right. It would not in any way decrease the influence of the bishop. Canon Mason said be came prepared to oppose the motion, but the mover's case seemed to be so good that he would second the motion, reserving to himself the power of giving his opinions on the subject subsequently. He did so for the sake of raising discussion, and not to support the motion. The Rev. Mr. Norman would like to have legal opinion as to whether the proviso at the end of clause 7 in the new Act, and running thus, " Providing thatnothinginthia section containedshalldeprive the bishop of any legal right he may have, as to the disposition or mode of application of any such property," did not preclude the motion being carried into effect. Mr. Barnard supported the motion, and said he saw no reason why this fund should be administered in a different way from other funds. He also pointed to clause 9 in the new Act property vested in bishop to vest in Church trustees-as authorising the transference of the fund to the trustees. He had always been strongly of opinion that the fund should be placed under the management of the synod, and nothing had transpired to induce him to alter his opinion. It was very imprudent to place this capital fund at individual disposal. He heartily supported the views that had been so temperately and properly brought before the Synod by Mr. Vaughan. Canon Smith held that it was right as a matter of principle that all Church property ought to be under the control of the governing body. He believed the fund had been judiciously administered by the bishop and archdeacon, but they had no security that it would be so in future. Canon Mason saw no necessity for the resolution in its present form. Archdeacon Hales opposed the motion. The money was given to the bishop, not to the synod, to do with it what was best for the interests of the Church. Bishop Nixon never would yield to give up the money to the synod, because it was given him for his disposal not for that by the synod. The synod had always been trying to lay hands on the fund, but because they did that it did not show that they had any right to it, as Mr. Vaughan had said. If they took the fund out of the hands of the bishop they would, to a great extent, reduce the good that would result from it administration by the bishop, and so the outlying districts would suffer by receiving less assistance than at present, and fewer new churches would be established in the interior of the colony, Mr. Lovett regretted that the motion had been submitted, because it was premature in his opinion. He thought the trustees would have arranged with the present bishop or the incoming bishop as to the management of the fund. He would not say that the fund had been mismanaged during the time that Archdeacon Hales had had the management, but the capital had certainly decreased. _ He thought that the new bill, however, provided sufficiently for the synod to have control over, and to be placed in possession of the property. He trusted that the debate would not be continued, and that the resolution would be withdrawn. Mr. Collier said he thought it should be made mandatory on those having the management of the fund in the future, to produce to the synod accounts of the disposal of the fund during the intervals between the sessions. Unless the motion were withdrawn, he would move an amendment to that effect. The Rev. Mr. Geiss opposed the withdrawal of the motion. He considered the motion to be a very necessary one. Mr. B. T. Solly opposed the motion. He could not conceive a more admirable arrangement than that the head of the Church, who was conversant with the requirements of the whole diocese, should have the disposal of the income of such a fund, for tho purpose of giving assistance to outlying portions of the colony. The bishop know far better the peculiar requirements of the various parts of the colony, If ; they could not trust him in such a small matter as that he was not one who should rule them in higher things. Mr. RonwtT Clerk opposed the motion. Canon BiiowNUloo did not think it was possible to upset the very strong arguments which had been given in favour of the Ripon Fund being administered by the bishop and archdeacons. They should he left perfectly free to use their own discretion as to how the fund should be disposed of, as they alone were properly able to do that Mr. T, Stevens thought the present motion was premature and uncalled for. His Lordship the Bihiiop explained the apparent discrepancies between former statements and the present statements regarding the capital of the Ripon Fund, clearly showing that there had been no mismanagement, as had been hinted at, of the fund. He pointed out that if the fund was transferred into the hands of the synod, that body would enforce the iron rule which guided it, and efforts would never be made where efforts were mainly wanted. He was sure that the cause of the Church would be injured if the fund was taken out of the hands of the bishop and archdeacons. Mr, Collier moved the following amendment, " That it is inexpedient, at the present time, to interfere with the mode in which the income of the Ripon Fund is applied, but that a statement of accounts, showing the manner in which the income of the Ripon Fund has been dealt with between the sessions of synod, shall be laid before the synod at each session." It did not appear to him from the arguments put forward that the fund had been misapplied, but he thought every member of the synod would like to see how the fund was dealt with. Archdeacon Hales had always laid accounts before the synod, but he would like to see it made mandatory that such should be done. Archdeacon H albs seconded the amendment, His Lordship the Bishop said he would make no objection to that motion, Mr. Nowki.l pointed out that the synod would have to abide by the law passed by Parliament. He was, however, in favour of the fund being left in the hands of the bishop, and he would support the amendment. The Rev. Mr. Vaughan still thought that the fund could be as well administered through the synod as by the bishop and archdeacon, He hoped it would not be said that he had acted in an ungenerous way, for nothing was farther from his intention, and he did not wish it to be understood in any way that he had reflected upon the archdeacon in his management of the fund. He would withdraw his motion. Archdeacon Hales accepted the explanation of Mr. Vaughan. Mr. Collikk objected to the withdrawal, as he had moved an amendment. The amendment was carried, Christ's College. Mr. Collier asked the bishop whether he was in position to afford any information to the synod with reference to the resolution passed at the last session of synod, to the effect that the synod respectfully , requests the bishop, in visitor , of Christ's College, to confer with the council of, the institution, with a view to the extension of its opera- tions, and the ' more profitable expenditure of its funds in the promotion of education ?" The President replied that he had lost no time in seeking a conference with the council of Christ's College. The result was some reduction of fees for tuition, and the age for competition for scholarships. 'A general impression prevailed that the interests of the college would be promoted by its close union with one or other of the existing schools of the church, and by the legislative powers granted to the council of Education, which would enable it to grant degrees to young men who might not wish to compete for an English scholarship, who needed to be encouraged in the pursuit of knowledge. The usual adjournment then took place. The synod resumed at 7 o'clock. RESOLUTIONS RELATING TO A VACANCY IN THE SEE. The Synod went into committee for the further consideration of the recommendations of the committee appointed at the adjourned meeting of the synod, to re-cast the resolutions relating to a vacancy in the sea, passed last session. Canon Mason explained that the alteration in clause 4 to a great extent disturbed the remaining resolutions, and certain of them would have to be struck out. He therefore moved "That clause 5-' Length of vacancy of a seat of a member of the board of electors be struck out of the report as being of no use, in consequence of clause 4 being altered." Agreed to. CfauBO 0 Election of member by the board of electors "-was also struck out. Clause 7. " Election of bishop." i Ciuon Mahon moved that the section be altered so as to road as follows When a vacancy in the lessee shall have occurred, the administrator, with the bishop's counsel of advice, shall forthwith take the > necessary steps for giving effect to resolutions of Synod Respecting the appointment of the bishops to (fill such vacancy. Canon Bailey wished to know what the necessary 'steps were V He pointed out that he thought no steps would be necessary beyond sending to England a copy of the Church of England Constitution Act and the resolutions of the synod, so that the bishop might see exactly what the position of the Church was to which he was asked to come. Mr. Collier gave his opinion that the clause would be unnecessary, as, in his view, the bishop coming out to this diocese, where they were governed by their own Acts of Parliament, would come under those Acts in accepting the office of bishop. Mr. Stephens thought they would have to send home a statement placing the position of the future bishop distinctly before him, especially with regard to the question of income, Several other matters would have to be supplied to be considered by him before he accepted the appointment of bishop. There must be some body of members entrusted with that duty. Mr. Dobson thought it was necessary to have some such olaUBO, but they could not give details. The clause, as amended, was agreed to. Clause 3. Notification of election to board of electors by the administrator." ' The clause was struck out. Clause 9. !" Power of board to make rules for the conduct of elections." . -' I -The clause was struck out. 1 Clause 10. Administrator to take steps for giving effect to an election." The clause was passed, with verbal amendments. Clause 11. "Installation of Bishop." The clause was passed with verbal amendments. ' Clause 12. " Bishop elected under regulations of Synod to be the successor of the last, preceding I bishop." The clause was agreed to. Clause lil. " Remuneration of person to act as administrator." The Bishop thought it would be better, if it was legal to do so, to pay the administrator out of the funds accumulated for the succeeding bishop rather than from the debentures, Mr. Collins was of opinion that as the bishop was paid out of the Bishopsbourne estate, which was specially intended to provide for the bishop's 'income, it would not be competent to pay the ad ! ministrator out of that estate, though they could do it out of the debentures. If what the bishop suggested could be done it would be far better. Mr. Solly suggested that the salary of the administrator should be fixed by the synod, and not left to the committee of the Church Society to determine the amount. The Bishop agreed with the proposal of Mr. Solly. , Mr. Stephens thought that £500 a year was too much to pay the administrator. It was only acces- sary, in his idea, to protect the administrator against the incidental expenses in connection with his office. Mr. Dobson expressed himself in similar terms. He also stated that it would he wise to add a clause settling beyond dispute that the present bishop should receive a proportional part of the income, and that his successor should receive his income from the date of his predecessor's resignation. After further discussion, Mr. Solly moved an amendment, providing that the administrator should receive an allowance at tho rate of £300 per annum from the interest on debentures, until the installa- tion of the incoming bishop. Mr B. Shaw moved that the allowance be at the rate of £300 per annum. After further discussion, the amendment of Mr. Solly was carried. Progress was then reported, and leave given to sit again, so as to re-commit the recommendations, and make certain alterations. ADDRESS IN REPLY TO BISHOP. Archdeacon Hales read the following address adopted by the full synod in reply to the address of His Lordship the Bishop : My Lord More than 17 years ago we had the pleasure of welcoming you to our diocese as our bishop in succession to your venerated predecessor, the late Bishop Nixon The colony and the Church at that time were not in the satisfactory condition which now exists and in some important respects the Church had not been able to fully realise all the circumstances of her position. During your episcopate, many important questions were earnestly debated, and settled in synod. The State withdrew the supporting aid it once gave. There was a season of depression, which for some years tried the colony severely. The Church of necessity shared in the difficulties of the country. Then, in the Providence of God, a dawn of prosperity arose, population increased, wealth began to accumu- late, and the demands upon the Church for her ministry ' tions taxed her resources to the utmost. We have passed through times of difficulty, and are now enjoying a comparative freedom from their trying consequences. Through all you have invariably set him an example of faith in the right of earnest and devoted work for the t furtherance of Christ's cause, and of sympathy with every movement which promised to be useful both to the diocese and the colony, and with every one who seemed to you to be striving to do his Master's work. in looking back upon the past, and in regarding the present, we find that many churches, parsonages, and Sunday schools have been brought into existence, and though the wants of the disease are not yet overtaken, yet, we believe, that in unity, influence, and work, the Church' in < Tasmania has never been in a more hopeful condition than it is at present. You are leaving your diocese to a successor with a promising future before him, and we look upon our past working to0'fctboi-.under your guidance with emotions of interest, of satisfaction, and also of regret that we shall I see your face no more. Our prayers go to the Throne of Grace, that you may be spared for many years to do good work in the service of our Lord, and that with those of our honoured co- workers, who have passed away, we may hereafter meet you in that great synod of Christ's Holy Church, when we shall enter upon higher functions than have engaged as here, and shall thank the Great Bishop that He has permitted iii, in trembling and weakness, to do something by our united efforts to manifest the beauty of the Father's love, in bringing the message of His purifying mercy to the hearts of the erring and the sorrowful. We wish, my Lord, from our hearts, that you and your family may ever fare well in all the good things of God. The Bishop said that although the consciousness of doing the duty ought to be the great and ohio! motive power following one, yet they must know that all human beings did require, if their work was to be brought to perfection, the sympathy of those amongst whom they laboured and it would be an untrue assumption if he were to say that he was independent of such sympathy as was expressed in the document just read. His Lordship then read the following : My dear friends and fellow-workers Your kind address deserves from me something more than an off- hand acknowledgment. I am very thankful to receive such an assurance of your charitable appreciation of my work as your bishop during an eventful term of '18 years. That work could never have prospered but for your loyalty to myself, your active co-operation, and your Lugo sympathies. I have found the synod and never more so than at the present moment every effective organ for consolidating the Church's work, and uniting clergy and laity in the bonds of mutual confidence. It is now as it was of old, when the Church had peace it was edited, und " walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost was multiplied." The wealth of the colony has largely increased, and the Church has a right to look for a corresponding dedication of its first fruits for the extension of the work assigned to her of promoting the vital interests of true religion. As we, the clergy, are true to our calling, simple in faith, and laburnum in duty, the laity, I have learnt from experience, will not fail in. I have already expressed my thankfulness to the giver of all Good for the blessing with which he has crowned our efforts in the erection of the many bodies of God in the land. " May all their walls he salvation, and their gates praise." My relations with the clergy were never more happy than at this moment, when I am called u|M>u to to leave them, which I do with feelings of very affectionate reluctance, in accepting this gratifying testimony of your kindness, allow me to assure you that the growing interest of this colony can never cease to occupy a very large measure of my thoughts. May our Great Master raise up for you a successor to myself, if not more solicitous for your spiritual welfare, yet more largely endowed with gifts to render good intentions more fruitful of great and glorious results in making ready a people prepared for our Lord's return, SUCCESSOR TO THE MIRROR'. Canon Smith moved, That His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of Winchester (Dr. Harold Brown), the Lord Bishop of Durham (Dr. Lightfoot), the Lord Bishop of Rochester (Dr. Thorold), the Lord Bishop of Bedford (Or, Waltham Howe) and the present Bishop of Tasmania be respectfully requested to elect a successor to the Right Rev. Dr. Bromby in the See of Tasmania." He mentioned that all the bishops whose names he submitted ware man of considerable distinction and of high personal character. The bishops named were representative of the various i schools of thought in the Church. He had submitted the names to His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania, and he had given him authority to say that they met with his approval. , Archdeacon Hales seconded the motion, and, in doing so, gave a short history of each of the bishops mentioned. He did not think it possible to improve on the list. If there should be any objection to any of the names, he trusted that the synod would not enter into a debate upon them, but would go at once to the ballot-box. Canon Brownrigg also hoped there would be no discussion on the names. He trusted and thought that were the election left to those churchmen, they would not have a bishop over the diocese of extreme views nor one having a strong leaning in the direction of Home or Geneva. The President said there had been a studied desire to avoid placing on the list the name of any bishop of extreme views. The Rev. Mr. Norman supported the motion. Canon Adams said he had prepared a somewhat different list, but rather than disturb the happy unanimity existing among the members of the synod, he would not bring it forward. The motion was carried unanimously, with applause. ' resolutions relating to a vacancy in the see. The synod then went into committee for the purpose of re-committing various clauses in the recommendations of the committee appointed to re- cast the resolutions regarding a vacancy in the see, The amendments, the majority of which were necessitated by the resolution arrived at relegating the election of a successor to the bishops to the Archbishop of Canterbury and five English bishops, were agreed to. The recommendations of the committee, as amended, were reported ; the first reading of them was agreed to by the synod and the second reading fixed for to-day (Friday), ADJOURNMENT. ' At 10-5 p.m., the synod adjourned till 2 30 pm to-day (Friday), The sitting of the Synod was resumed yesterday, at St. David's Sunday schoolroom, Harrington-street. The President took the chair at 2 30 p.m., and read the usual prayers. minutes. The minutes of the previous day's proceedings were read and confirmed. papers. The Secretary laid on the table Church statistics for 1884. APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES. Canon Bailey moved, That the present committee of the Diocesan Church Society, and the two present Finance Committees, shall continue in office until the appointment of their successors, the name of Mr. F. W. Von Steiglitz being substituted for that of Mr. Eddie in the Northern Finance Com- mittee," Carried, REPAIRS TO MSHOFSCOURT. Canon Bailey moved,-"That the trustees of synod be authorised to expend the sum of £200 on the repairs of Bishopscourt, out of the ranks of the episcopal glebe during a vacancy in the see." He was somewhat doubtful about moving the motion, after the expression of opinion on the previous evening that the rents could not be applied for the purpose he proposed. But he thought that it was only equitable, when the building was in such a state of disrepair, that the synod should appropriate the amount required to place the residence in fit order for the reception of the incoming bishop. He was dubious as to the result of the motion, after Mr. Dobson's opinion that the rents, being the property of the incoming bishop, could not be touched for such a purpose, but still he would move the motion, as he considered it only right and fair to do as he proposed. Canon Smith could not support the motion, after Mr. Dobson's expression of opinion as to the illegality of the appropriation of the rents. The President said he agreed with Mr. Dobson that the rents were due to the Incoming bishop, but he thought the difficulty could be overcome by appropriating the sum required from the accumulated funds. Archdeacon Hales was inclined to advsietbat the trustees of synod be authorised to pay the amount, either out of the rents of the synod, or out of the income of debentures, as they thought fit. Mr. STEPHENS agreed with the views of Archdeacon Hales. Mr. Collier thought it would be better to take the accumulations on the rents of the Bishop bourne property, and apply them for the benefit of the bishop, instead of taking from the debenture fund. The President was of opinion that the trustees of the Synod could deal with the accumulated funds, since the property was vested in them by Act of Parliament. Canon Bailey, acting on suggestions, moved the following amended resolution,-" That the trustees of the Synod be authorised to expend the sum of not exceeding £200 on the repairs of Bishopscourt." The amended resolution was agreed to. INCOME OF BISHOP. Canon Bailey moved that the resolution erroneously marked No, 5 of resolutions, concerning the absence of the bishop, be amended by the substitu- tion of £1,200 for £1,000. He thought £1,000 a year was not sufficient inducement for a good bishop, but that £1,200 a year, together with a house, would be more reasonable. From the Bishopsbourne estate it was expected that £700 a year would be obtained, and besides, there was £500 unappropriated from the debenture fund, which would make up the £1,200. Another reason why his income should be increased was that he was to give up £200 a year for a pension to the retiring bishop, and if that amount was deducted from the £1,000, his income would be considerably reduced. The Rev. Mr. Norman seconded the motion, but thought there might be a possibility of the rents from the Bishopsbourne Estate becoming smaller than was reckoned upon. Canon Bailey pointed out that since the New Town glebe was placed in the hands of the trustees of the synod, they might find it desirable to let the estate on building leases, in which was the bishop's income would be largely increased. Mr. Collier felt compelled to oppose the motion. He was of opinion that it would be better for the trustees of the synod to retain £200, and themselves pay the retiring bishop's pension, instead of allowing the bishop in office to pay it out of his income. Archdeacon Hales would only support the motion on the condition that if the pension of the retiring bishop ceased, the extra £200 of the bishop's income should be paid over to the synod. The President thought the diocese could secure good men, who did not accept the office from motives of filthy lucre. If they stated the amount the incoming bishop was to receive, he could, and would no doubt accommodate himself to it, no matter whether it was large or small. For himself, he would say he could have lived on a far smaller stipend than he had received. But, of course, he could not have been so lavish in his expenditure in hospitality, in aids to struggling churches, and so on. he would also say that he had almost made it a contract not to lay by any portion of the episcopal income. He thought they were as likely to obtain just as excellent a man for a smaller as for a larger stipend. He himself thought the amount was too high £700 would be sufficient. It was only needs sary to fix the amount, and the bishop would regu- late his expenditure accordingly. After further discussion, Archdeacon Hales moved as an amendment, that the following words be added to the original resolu- tion, Provided that a contract be made with any now bishop on his acceptance of the see, that he will pay £200 annually to the trustees of synod to be expended as the Byuud may direct." The amended resolution was agreed to. PENSION OF' UKI MINO BISHOP. The standing orders having been suspended, Archdeacon Hales stated that he would move, "That the trustees of synod be directed to pay £200 a year to the retiring bishop, an long as his official opening does not exceed 2700 a year." The President said that as he was concerned in the motion, he would retire. Archdeacon Hales then took the chair, and Canon Bailey moved the resolution. Mr. Lovett seconded it. Mr, B. Shaw was in favour of the pension being paid, whether the stipend of the retiring bishop exceeded £700 or not, Mr. Collier suggested that the resolution be altered so that it would read, " A bishop retiring under the resolutions of Synod." Mr. B. P. Adams considered it advisable to make the resolution a general provision to apply to any retiring bishop. His lordship the bishop had pointed out that it would be a very great inducement to a new bishop is a retiring pension of £200 a year were guaranteed. He moved that the word " a " before " bishop " be substituted for the word " the." The resolution, with the amendments of Mr. Collier and Mr. Adams, was passed unanimously, and with applause. conditions entitling visitor to a pension. Canon Bailey moved,-" That any bishop, who shall have arrived at the age of 65 years,' and who shall have held the sea far the full period of 15 years, shall be entitled to retire from his office on terms and conditions to be hereafter mentioned," Carried. Canon Bailey moved,-" That the trustees of synod be directed to pay £200 per annum to a bishop retiring under the regulations of synod, so long as his official income. in England does not ox good £700 per annum." Carried. Canon Bailey moved,-" That one bishop only shall be entitled at any one time to hold the retiring pension of £200 per annum." Carried. prrriNos at Bishopscourt. Mr. LovBlT moved,-" That a sum not ex- Gooding £25 be paid from the balance in hand on account of the Bishop's House Fund, for the purpose of purchasing certain fittings recently placed at Bishopscourt." Carried, CLERGY WIDOWS AND ORPHANS' FUND. Mr. LovETT moved, That Canon Mason be appointed trustee of the Clergy Widows and Orphans' Fund, in the place of Archdeacon Davenport, resigned." Carried. The synod then went into committee on the estimates of the expenditure in the Archdeaconry of Launceston for 1883. Stipends, £4,355. Items: St, John's, Holy Trinity, St. Paul's, and Campbell Town, were agreed to. Canon Mason proposed that £75 should be added for a curacy at Campbell Town. The parish was a largely populated one, and he believed it was necessary to have the assistance of a curate Archdeacon Hales opposed the motion, as it was more desirable to appoint curates to other parishes rather than to Campbell Town. He referred to many of the parishes where it was far more necessary, from the face of them being poor and very large, to lend assistance to rather than to a rich parish like Campbell Town. Canon Mason was so satisfied with Archdeacon Hales remarks that he would withdraw his motion. The motion was accordingly withdrawn. Item, Carrick, was agreed to. The synod resumed at 7 o'clock. The consideration in committee of the estimates of expenditure in the Northern Archdeaconry was continued. Items, Circular Head, Deloraine, DorBet (North), Dorset (South). Item, Dorset : Assistant clergyman, £75. This item was increased to £100, on the motion of Archdeacon Hales. Item, Emu Bay, was agreed to. Item, Emu Bay : Assistant clergyman, £73. This item was increased to £100, on the motion of Mr. B. Shaw. Item, Carrick curacy, £30. Mr. B. Shaw thought if they were to have a curate at all, they should pay him a proper and sufficient stipend. He, however, would not oppose the item. Agreed to. Item, Fingal, was passed. them, Fingal Assistant clergyman, £75. This item was increased to £100. Item, Forth and Leven. Parsonage and glebe were added. Items, Mersey : Mersey assistant clergyman, Tamar, were agreed to as printed. Item, Tamar assistant clergyman. The stipend was increased to £100. Items, Longford, Cressy, Perth, Evandale, Westbury, and Hagley, were passed as printed. Total stipends, £4,445. Agreed to. The remaining miscellaneous items of expenditure were agreed to, making, with the stipends, a total of £5,055. Receipts. Items on debentures, £1,220; parochial contribution?, £2,475; were agreed to. Item, subscriptions, church collections, etc., £1,200. This item was increased to £1,360. Total receipts, £5,053. Agreed to. The committee reported the passing of the estimates, with amendments, which were agreed to by the synod. The estimates were then read a second time, and adopted. ADMINISTRATOR 0 SEE, Leave being granted, Mr. Lucas moved,-" That the synod proceed at once with the election of an administrator during the approaching vacancy in the Bee in accordance with clause 5 of 40 Vict,, No. 2, known as the Church of England Constitution Amendment Act, the election to be made without nomination, and by ballot." Canon Mason seconded the motion, which was agreed to. consolidation of the acts and resolutions of synod, Canon Bailey moved the adoption of the following report of the select committee on the consolida- tion of the acts and resolutions of the synod:-"The committee beg to report that in the digest of the acts and resolutions of synod they had Borne resolutions that are obsolete, some that are mere repetitions of previous ones, others that have been either repealed or superseded by subsequent legislation, and others that have been acted upon, or are of a merely temporary character, and need not therefore appear in the digest, They therefore recommend that as the digest is out of print, the Secretary of Synod, the Church Advocate, and Mr. Lovett be requested to prepare and carry through the press anew digest containing only such acts and resolutions as are practically in operation." Canon Mason seconded the motion. Mr. Nowell objected to the document being placed upon the records of synod, it purporting to be a report of a select committee, whereas the members of that committee had not been called together to draw up the report. They had not been informed of the appointment of the chairman, nor had they been shown the report before it was submitted to the synod. He had been appointed a member of the committee, but had never been consulted on the matter. He did not refer to it as & personal matter, but upon general grounds. The President hoped that, having delivered his protest, Mr. Nowell would consent to the adoption of the report. Mr. Nowklt, said, instead of adopting the report, he thought the synod would be satisfied with the proposal " that the Secretary of Synod, the Church Advocate, and Mr. Lovett be requested to prepare and carry through the press a new digest, containing only such acts and resolutions as are practically in operation," Canon Bailey would assent to that proposal. After some discussion as to the undesirableness of not adopting the report, Mr. Stephens, as another member of the committee, asked Mr. Nowell to withdraw his motion. Mr. Nowell assented, and the report was adopted. church lands. The select committee on Church lands reported that, having examined the deeds of Church property in the hands of the solicitors of synod, they found that, except in the few instances of conveyances from private individuals, no special trusts were declared. In one or two instances special trusts had since been declared by the synod. The committee had observed that by a resolution of synod, 1871, the Finance Committees were instructed to take immediate measures for the conveyance to the synod trustees of Church lands for which grants had not yet issued. It did not appear that any action had been taken under that resolution. The committee therefore recommended that the trustees of synod be requested to instruct the solicitors of synod to take the necessary steps to obtain grants with as little delay as possible. A return of lands for which grants had not been taken out was appended. The report was adopted. Mr. Barnard moved,-"That the synod trustees be authorised to pay over to the churchwardens of St. David's Cathedral parish the proportion of the endowment fund in their hands accruing to the said parish, towards the building fund of a new deanery." He pointed out that the churchwardens of St. David's wished the money to be expended on the building of a new deanery. He would, however, advise that the funds should be placed at the disposal of the St. David's parish authorities unconditionally, so that it might be used for other purposes, such as the extinction of the debt on the schoolroom, which he thought should be dealt with before any further expenditure was made. Mr. Lucas seconded the motion, and said it was the intention of the churchwardens to use the fund, which amounted to about £250, for the building of a deanery, and for no other purpose. It was expected that £000 or £700 would be raised, and that, together with the endowment of £250, would be sufficient to start the building. It was then proposed to raise a loan upon the parish, for the purpose of obtaining the balance needed of £700 or £800. The dean had offered to pay a rental which would more than cover the interest, until the debt on the deanery could be paid off. It was expected that within three or four years the debt on the schoolroom would be paid off, then the remaining debt on the economy would be dealt with, after which the completion of the cathedral could be proceeded with. He hoped the money would be handed over to the St. David's Branch of the Diocesan Society con- ditionally for the building of the deanery. Mr Adams was in favour of the resolution being postponed till next session of synod, to allow the people of St. David's to think over the subject. It had been brought forward too suddenly. Mr. Solly deprecated the postponement of the matter, because it would interfere with the proposals of St. David's Branch of the Diocesan Society. They looked forward to take action at once in the erection of the now deanery, for that was a step towards the completion of the cathedral. Canon Mason thought the resolution should be agreed to without discussion. Mr. Lucas urged the necessity of passing the resolution, because it was hoped that within a month instructions would be given to prepare plans for the now deanery. If the matter was adjourned, their hands would be tied. The motion was agreed to. RESOLUTIONS relating to A VACANCY IN the see. The resolutions relating to a vacancy in the See of Tasmania were submitted, and a few verbal alterations were made. They were then read a second time, and adopted. offiCERS AND COMMITTEE OF THE CHURCH SOCIETY. On the motion of Mr. B. Shaw, the Rev. C. Vaughan was appointed secretary, Mr. Lovett treasurer, and Mr. F. W. Stieglitz a member of the committee of the Church Society. SECOND READINGS OF RESOLUTIONS. Canon Bailey moved the second readings of such resolutions as were intended to have a permanent effect. The resolutions were put 'Vi globe, their second reading agreed to, and they were adopted as standing orders. The President said it only remained for him to give his assent to those resolutions, and that he now gave, no thought there had been a wrong impression abroad as to the relations of the president to the synod. The real meaning of the word synod was a great council of advice to the bishop, The bishop was not present simply as president, like a President of the Legislative Council. If it was his only duty to preside as did the President of the Council, he should not be found there at all, and somebody else should be chosen to preside, He should in such a case stand aside like the Governor, and simply assent or refuse his assent to -their resolutions. He was there as a deliberative element of the synod. If he were not to preside, there would be a lot of time wasted sometimes through the synod not having the advantage they had now of knowing his opinions on the various matters brought before them. He now made known his views to them when he thought it necessary, read the two other elements of the Synod I appraised them at their own value. out even, if he had expressed his views he always waived them " if there was a preponderance of opinion against him.' He looked back on the 19 sessions at which he had occupied the presidential chair, and could not see an instance in which he had seen any reason to with-' hold his assent from any measure passed. He had thought it necessary to thus explain the part he had taken. Of course he had made many mistakes, and had sometimes made interjectory remarks during discussion, but that might be attributed to the impulsive nature of his temperament, and he apologised for it. (Laughter.) He would now notify the result of the ballot that had taken place for the appointment of an administrator. Contrary to his expectation as might have been gathered from hints he had thrown out, the dear kind boots elected. He did not know whether the dean would accept the office or not and he might mention that he had refused to accept the position of commissary, which he (the bishop) had offered to him. He did not yet know when he would embark. It might be in a week's time, or perhaps not till October. He would now appoint the archdeacon as his commissary in the North. He must now say a few words in review of the past. He had had the most happy relations with the governing body of the Church. (Applause.) It' was impossible to overestimate the amount of practical Christianity. that had characterised their proceeding during the present session. There was not one word spoken, nor a single exhibition of temper, that was not in conformity with their Christian professions, They all must know how happy an impression of his associations with them he would carry away with him, He! would carry away the best impressions, and whether his life was limited within a very short period, or whether it would be protracted to a more lengthened time, he would never forgot how happy his existence had been among his reverend and lay friends. He should hope that great practical work had been done in the various parishes by exercising that moral power which was for the good of the country, and the effect of which would be felt in the generation yet unborn. It now remained for him to say farewell. And yet, why should he say farewell The very word came from the old Anglo-Saxon root to go, and it was only taking another stop in the thoroughfare of life, and in saying farewell he trusted they might go step by' step together, every day advancing towards the everlasting home, or as it was called in his address to the great synod, that assemblage of the just. He looked back to the last 10 months as to one part of his work. He wished he could have spoken at the cathedral on the previous day, when so many, both clergy and laity, were present. The clergy made a great mistake regarding the relation of that great organ and instrument placed in the hands of the Church referred to confirmation. They only waited to find one here and there who' manifested some desire for spiritual growth, but' they should go amongst the people and find them out, and ask them to attend the confirmation classes. Let them attend the class for a considerable period and be instructed, and then it would be for themselves to say whether or not they would go forward for confirmation. He believed the clergy kept back from kind motives, but they were mistaken ones. During the last 10 months since' he had been back no less than 100 persons had been confirmed by him, and before left he hoped that the number would reach between 900 and 1,000. Never before during a year had there been presented to him more than 500 or 600. There had thus been a great increase, showing the extra energy displayed on the part of the clergy. The synod had done their part well in providing for the temporal wants of the clergymen who ministered to the spiritual wants of the people. He would again say farewell, and yet not be separated, but go on step by step till they t met at the Throne of Grace. He could not con- clude without thanking the synod from his heart for the kindness he had received from them, especially through the address they had presented to him. (Applause.) His Lordship then pronounced the benediction. The proceedings of the synod, at half-past 10, ' terminated. STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. The following sales were reported to the Secretary of Hobart Exchange, yesterday Cliffs (con- tributing), 2s. 11d.; Cumberlands, 15s; Deep Lead, Is. 6d. ; Dundees, 2s ; Hobart Gas Co., £23 10s. and £23 15s.; Mount Bischoff (large lines), £65; Orient (contributing), 4s. 9d, Pacific Slope, £8 ; Royal Tasman, 4s. 8d. and 5s. The following quotations were given Brothers' Home No. 2, buyers 4s. 4d, sellers Is. 10d.; Cambria, buyers at 10s., sellers £10 ; Cliffs (paid-up), buyers 5s., sellers 8s. 9d.; Little Wonder, buyers 16s. 6d., sellers 25s.; New Providence, buyers 5s. 9d., sellers 6s. 6d. The following were the sales made by C. Toby and Co. during the week Derwent and Tamar Assurance, £52 10s. ; Union Bank, 665 ; Bank of New Zealand, £24 13s. ; Newcastle Wallsend, coal, £22 10s.; N. B. Home, tin (paid-up), large parcels, 43s. to 43s. ; do. do. (contributing), 40s. to 42s. ; West Bischoff, tin (contributing) 40s. ; Orient, tin, 5s. 6d. to 6s. (contributing) Cliff, the (paid-up), Ga. ; Bischoff Alluvial, 2s. 6d. ; Cosmopolitan (gold), 9s. 6d., 10s. ; Royal Tasman (gold), 4s. 8d., 5s. The same firm gives the following quotations : T.S. Navigation, buyers £16 10s., sellers £17 ; Hobart Gas, buyers 123, sellers £23 10s.; Bank V.D. Land, buyers £20, sellers £21 ; Tas. F. and L. Insurance, sellers £27 10s ; Mount Bischoff, buyers 65, sellers 266 ; West Bischoff, buyers 40s., sellers 50s. ; N.B. Home, buyers 41s., sellers 43s. B Home No, 1, buyers 37s. 6d., sellers 42s. 6d-. B Home No. 2, buyers Is. 6d., sailors 22.; Ben Lomond, buyers 2s, 6d., sellers 2s. 9d.; Tasmania (tin), buyers 30, no sellers ; Energetics buyers 4s, 5d., sellers 2s. 9d.; Argus, buyers 4s., sellers 4s. 10d.; Clunes, buyers 10s., sellers) 14s. 6d.; Esk, buyers 5s,, sellers 8s. 6d.; Royal Tasman, buyers 5s., sellers 5s. 3d.; Tasmania (gold), buyers £8 10s., > Sellers £9; Dorset (tin), buyers 9s., no sellers; Wyniford, buyers 53., sellers 6s. 3d.; Moorina, Sellers 3s. to 3s. 6d.; Anchor (promoter's), Sellers £200 ; United Chum, sellers 10s., buyers 8s.; New Chum, buyers £2 7s. 6d., sellers £2 10s.; Cosmos politan, buyers 3s. 6d., sellers 9s. 6d, [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LAUNCESTON, Friday.' The Launceston Exchange sales to-day were Bonanza, 9d. ; Providence, 5s. 10d.; Phoenix, 2s.' 3d , 2s. 6d.; Leopold, 1s. 3d. to is. 9d., with enquiries at the latter rate ; United Chum Extended, . 6d. to 101 ; Leviathan, 2s. 10d.; Eldorado, £10 to £12 10s. ; No Call, 3s. 3d. to 3s. 6d., also buyers at the latter figure. ' ?' On the Northern Public Exchange this morning, Phoenix sold at 2s. 3d. ?" At Just's scrip sale to-day of forfeited shares in the Eureka Gold, 50 sold at 11d., 383 at 2d., 330 at' 25d. ; 100 Leviathan at 2s. G J. ; Royal Tasman, 4s. 9d.; 25 Rob Roy, 4s. 6d. 