THE NATURALIST. THE FISH AHD FISHERIES OF NEW BOOTH WALE8. The Rev. J. E. Tenison-Woods has, in (he valuable book he has jaat published, oq The Fish and Fisheries of Few South Wales, per formed a work which it was of great import ance Bhould be done, and which probably no other man in the colonies could do so well. Be has happily hit the precise mean be tween a merely popular sketchy account and a formal and technical scientific treatise. He explains in his preface that his object has been twofold—first, that of giving a popular account o! useful fishes to the colonists, to gether with information regarding pisci culture and acclimatisation, with a view to aid the development of the fish re sources of the colony, and in the second place to present an account of New Sonth Wales fish and fisheries such as will be "required for the' neat Fish Exhibition of 1883." Mr. Tenison-Wooda has'determined that hie book shall be at once plain and com plete. To eecare the first object he had given a glossary of the indispensable technical or scientific terms employed, and a simple ac count of the physiology of fishes. And to arrive at the second he has embodied ail available information relating to the laws concerning the fishery, the markets, and the fishery as an industry. With all this he has given a large number of accurate plates de picting all the chief useful fishes of the colony, executed by a photographio process, and adding largely to the utility and attrao tiveneea of the book. Readers of the various works Mr. Tenison Wooda has published on subjects of natural history and kindred sciences will be sure in advance of one point, and that is that, what ever else he has done, be has certainly made hiB subject interesting. This expectation will not be disappointed by a perusal of the book. Aa a sample of the author's graphic and vivacious atyleof description, we may quote hie characterisation of the phyflopteryx "Of all the curious fishes that ever were semi PhyUapteryx is the moet extraordinary. It is the ghoet of a sea-horse, with its wind ing sheet all in ribbons around it; and, even as a ghost, it seems in the very last stage of emaciation, literally all skin and grief. The process of development by which thiB fish at tained to ench a state mast be the most miserable chapter in the history of ' natural selection.' If this be the ' survival of the fittest,' it is easy to understand what has become of the rest. Natural selection most have inflicted upon the family harder terms than those which were im posed on Connt Ugolino by his enemies. There is a good likeness of one species in Qutdher's - Study of Fishes, p. 682. Never did the famishing spectres of the Ancient Mariner's experience present such painful spectacles. If these creatures be horses, they must be the lineal descendants of those which wen trained to live on nothing, but unfortunately perished ere the experiment had quite concluded. The odd thing about these. Btrange fishes ia that their tattered cerements are like in shape and colour to the seaweed they freqnent, so that they hide and feed with safety. Thus the long ends of ribs which seem to poke through the akin to exciteourcompassion are really 'protective resemblances,' and serve to allure the prey more effectually within reach of these awful ghouls. The Phyllopteryx is therefore, in spite of his rags and emaeiation, an impostor, ; and tike many a sturdy human beggar puts on i the aspect of misery more effectually to ply i his trade. The appendages to the spines are ! well worth a study. Just aa the leaf-insect lis imitative of a leaf, and the etaff insect of a twig, so here is a fish like a bunch of sea weed. If this ia development, it stopped here ;only just in time; one step more, and it iwoold have been a bunch of kelp." j Among other odd or remarkable fishee noticed is the Goby or " Hopping Fish," the pectoral fins of which are developed into regular legs, with which the fish hops or leaps along the mad fiats with the greatest rapidity. It, moreover, has very prominent eyes on the top of its head, which can be thrust very far oat of their sockets, and moved in dependently of one another, thus giving the fish a great advantage when in pursuit of the small crabs on which it preys. Then we have a description of the ScejpeUda. whioh possess luminous glands, which give oat light in the dark depths of the spa and en able them to go about like so many potioe men with dark lanterns. /The Toad-ash is not in itself specially remarkable, hut it has a carious habit of inflating itself to a large eiee when taken oat of the water, whioh gives occasionforanengBgingpractioeof" theboyi," which is thus described" After the capture of a fish, , end ft did not immediately com mence'to. inflate itself, it had to jmdetgo ' itbe prooees of being rubbed on a rough Stone,, when ft instantly commenced a Sucking noise, and was eoou in a Cpberical form. It was then placed on ylat solid rock or junk of stone, in ! imminent position, end another stone led down with all the captor's might on unfortunate fish, and if the aim wassqre, sudden hunting Would make s report1 pearly as lond as B pisteL" flow innocent end kind-hearted - are the amusements of i tender childhood! The principle of oompen iwtionwhich reignathrqughout nature'seeqis to be asserted in the sad incident thetsome Childish ,at <3oogee, Bey, who; wets ones1 but at a picaie, having oaagbt some toad-fish hooked sad ate them, and a few boars after < died in great agony from the pctoonons effects pf the fish. The last extract is pasted by oar thor from soms papers by Mr. JR. 8. HU1 on e fishes inMew,South Wales, and Mr. Hill also respoaaible for the aooonnt of the con ta of the stomach of s aea-ehark, whioh . i found to contain "the ftdnd leg of a one, from the hock downwards, with a shoe n the toot, eight or nine unsotad motion liams, fled np in a gunny bag, two ship's icrepew/andwomesundries. Svena shark < rith these articles undemotegthe prooees of < ligestion would be considered as fairly pro ■ Ided for some little time, bo* m a fact the i nimal was voracionsly hungry, and (te wager < ppetite led ft to swallow the bait which . i tciirid its cu>fcilV6*' Thepert «>f < Mr.Tenison-Woods's book i rbioh has chief practical importance is that < ealing with ^'dmr marine food fishei." This i i also the largest portion of the work. The (ifferent fishes nie arranged under the Bub < lasses and families to which they belong, I nd of which h physiological account isgiveh! 1 'he princifeM rood fishes are also delineated Sr the photographic plates we have pre onsly nofleem . In describing these fishes dor anthor often iqnotee largely from the I apart ofMr.fliU.and also from the report of t te Royal Commission on New Sooth Wales f sheriWi. TOf' the "salmon'' of Autre 1 an fisherman, or the Arripts solar, It i i noflced that in thfe etricmy neatly Ml t te cases of fish-poisoning are attributable t ► thisapeaiek /The edbnapper, with its ' 1 oman nose and high facial angle,' as a' it bysiognomist would say, ist declared to be' T the moat valuable of Australian fishes—not' f irita Superior excellenoe, for we have many' " ' '.V,, more delicious, bat for the abundant and re gular supply which it affords of a very nu tritions and wholesome description of food." The trampeter does not exist on the New South Wales coast, and its nearest kin that is found there is of far inferior quality, in . the clan of scorpion fishes (Scorpenidcc J the " ball trout" is mentioned, a fish which is I found in the Hunter Hirer. It is a small fish, and very ugly, with " prominent I gaunt, ghoet like eyes, set in large hollow sockets." When taken out of the water it emits a loud and harsh grunting noise, and spreads its gills and fins so as to look as formidable as possible. It has on its head a row of spines, any wound pro duced by which causes the most acute pain, that iB said to run through the whole limb like firs. Another related fish, the Fortescue, or, as the fisherman punniugly call it, the " Forty-skewer," has a similarly poisonous spine, which also inflicts a cruelly paiufal wound. The Black Trerally of the Sydney fishermen again has spines which are dan- j getousln the same S&y.;' The Barracoota, so I plentifnl in BassV Straits and the Tasmanian coaste, is very raiw in New South Wales waters. Where they are plentifal they are I canght with great ease and rapidity. Mr. Tenison-Woods describes a day's fishing he 1 had once with eoms fishermen in D'Eutre caBteaux's Channel in a small wh&leboat; | with a fish well in the centre. They fell in with a shoal of barracouta, and in a few hours caught as many as the boat would bold, probably some 70 or 80 fi«b, from three to lour feet long. " Each man had a small,-stout, stick, about five or six feet long and an inch thick; to thia was fas tened a yard of log line, and at the end a square piece of cedar an inch thick, , asd two or three inches long. The hook was fastened firmly on this, so as to leave the barb project ing. A; little piece - of greenhide was on the book. All that we had to do was to splash and beat the. water with the-etiek, pulling the line backwards and forwards, and after two or three turns, if the movement was brisk and the splash considerable, it was seised by a fish. The exertion of pulling it oat of the water was great, as none weighed less than 61b., and they were oftener 101b. in weight" The acconnt of the mackerel (Scomber Antarctica J, as quoted from Mr. Hill gives some circumstantial state ments about the " influence of the moon" in rendering these fiah unwholesome. It would be interesting to know how mnch of fact, if any, is at the bottom of this mythical looking story. The whiting is spoken of as among the best " of the few choice and deli cate fishes " of the colony, while of the blae groper, which attains a weight of 301b. or more, it is declared by Mr. Hill that its boiled head or Bbonlder is a perfect dish, which is said to more resemble the turbot than does any other fiBb of New Sooth Wales. The re port of the Boyal Commission, in treating the flounder and the sole of the colony, says of the former that "it is a good fiah, by many people esteemed considerably above its true merits," and of the latter that it " is an ex qniaitely delicate fish, equal, if not superior, to the Thames Bole, but, curiously enough, iB as much undervalued by the public gene rally as the flounder is the reverse." The rock oyster is' treated at the extent which its social importance demands. The physiology and habits of oysters ate ex plained, and the subject of oyster-rearing is discussed, upon which the reader will re member Charles Lamb's story that having once ventured to offer some observations on tibia question, a young married lady who had not changed her condition above a fortnight before " had the assurance to ask, with a sneer, how each an old baehelor as I could pretend to know anything about each matters." Account is given of the provisions of the Fisheries Act of 1880 to. preserve the supply of oysters and to promote their cul ture. As to the suggestion that as " natives" are now worth 10 guineas a bushel in London it might be worth while to export oysters to that market, all consumers of this delicate bivalve will promptly enter a silent protest against so unpatriotic a proposal. To export our crossbred mutton is one thing, bat to send away oysters which might be pleasurebly consumed here, and which would be in appreciably lost in the mighty maw of London consumption, is a different matter altogether. With regard to the large crayfish, coast too remote from^Sydney to sandy that market, establishments for the "canning" of this valuable crustacean coold be profitably carried en. The work ends with some important chapters on the (kbing-grounda of New South Wales, the fish market, the development of the fisheries, acclimatisation and pisciculture, fishery laws and regulations, and much other valuable and kindred information. Tbeviewefsomsof tbeplateeof themoreodd and eccentrio-looking fish mast recall a thought often suggested by the eight of some of the quaint and grotesque curiosities of the deep exhibited as rarities at the fob shops, as to the mnch wider range of grotesqueness and eoeentricity of form -Nature- allows herself is ths caae of fishes than in that of land The conjecture may be permitted; that a» fishes ttvs ip k buoyant medium, by wbioh they are npborne at eyery point, and|-which annihilate ^Weight, ■ the oon tstion exerts on the' forms of land ammala ' bring absent/ there it bet restraint oh the1 causes which tend to prbduoe namerous and' great varieties form. Whatever mspr^be j is apparent b the volnme before us we1 have, for example, the fish which has per- j petuated the name ana immortalised the I homely features of " Jphn Hory." Then ; sri^ite U^mmwap^te'imme^efln Ttmodl enveloping the body as in a mantle. Them is the fantastic form of " the old wife," with' itoround-moon-shsped bQdy oroeaedby broad bands,-«&A; with its dorsal flnt, ths ends of Bwhicfa are developed into hpines of great length. The hamnseeditededetisttc fsdescribedbntnot BEttttttftSE «S1PSSS3S projecting to a long dietanoe oheacb Hide of the skull, bearingtbe wyes'of thq fieb at their extremities. The bat-fish, with its fist almost circular-shaped bday. swim on edge In the wateriits eider feature its Immense eye. it another odd nen. The leather jacket eeetna like^ a rough- hewn pattern thathaa never been, finished and ft Sdowod with life, though! t. baanever been mdaoed toform amd propor tion. How oddly it contrast! in thia respect with the clipper-built King-flib (of Sydney) With itecleamWtn. beautiful Unm, weU ehsped heed, finely <-taperinjg taSLjtll formed sowr to secure the ntmoet speed trith: the smallest wxpbnditnm«f • motive poWet. These oontideratfooi, with which s reader of the book taay easily umheeliltoiMf, wiB, how ever, we fear; be mgtrded'bm Us frivolous by1 thomibiwbomthevalnablebodrof informs-, tion bete oUlwtad it intended. In eontdndlng bur notibs wemutt ,agalh eompfltoeut'llr.1 Tenlaon-Whode ta the valui aha internal of his bo<dc,and«m the admlraW*rky W which 1 is fittedto gnawer the.end! W announoes; ■ ip w&A; •' ; I ' ' v. •• ' 1) hr. • . — ,i <1 -fli m? . ii i! MM 1 I S*ir.i ■ 