MEDDLER The heavens of brass and the earth of iron, and all the people with all the cattle crying for rain, rain, rain. If it is not quite so bad as that yet, it promises to be before the summer has burned out, for spring seems going from us as the equinoctial gales have gone with storm and duet and clamour and drought, and not so much as one genial shower. As yet, of course, the drought is not serious — how could a drought be serious in the first week of October ?— but the outlook is dreary and disheartening. Already we have heard of the thermometer ranging up to 100, and of young grass and crops nipped in the bud, parched, blasted ere they had come to the ear ; and, strange to say, our prophets give us no sign, nor as yet have our preachers begun to pray. The prophets, by whom of course is implied the astronomers, may have been too busy to have any care or concern in such a mundane matter as the weather ; they have been busy with the comet. The comet still keeps with us, getting people out of bed at abnormal hours in the morning, and otherwise disturbing house hold arrangements and domestic felicity. It is a great, a glorious, a marvellous object, this comet — a light almost as great if not as ominous as the sign which appeared to the Emperor Constantine, and sent him out to preach the Gospel with his sword all about the face of the world ; and it is significant of our high civilisation that as yet not even a madman has taken up his burden, and cried, Woe to the earth because of the comet. But, says Mr. John Tebbutt, coupling for once the vivid imaginings of the poet with the induc- tive skill of the philosopher, how would the world have stood still in amazement had a total eclipse of the sun occurred when that comet was about its perihelion passage? Is it asked, Why? Then just imagine the dark shadow obscuring the sun, the earth in midday twilight, and right upon the edge of the sun the lurid nucleus of the comet, and its tail a waving fan of flame across half the sky. Truly there would have been such a light as was never before shed on sea or shore, and the business of the world, if not the world itself, would have stood still with amazement. Matters, however, are so arranged that eclipses and comets do not come together ; but one would imagine that arrangements might have been made for so illustrious a visitor to show himself at some other time than 4 o'clock in the morning. Four o'clock a.m. is the hour when sleep is usually the soundest and the sweetest, when every good domestic creature is in sweetest dreams, whose contentment is expressed by solemn snoring, and when every tired Bohemian has put work away into that dear state wherein debts accumulate not and duns trespass not. And at that dear hour some unquiet spirit wakes in the house, and thinks for the first time in his life to acquire some notoriety or fame as a trumpeter or herald, and goes storming about from door to door with the one cry, "Get up and see the comet." Very bitterly has the comet been cursed on more than one occasion by reason of these sleep-disturbers ; and yet the comet is worth breaking sleep for at 4 o'clock, but only once. Don't try to wake the same man twice to see the comet, or see that all his boots are outside before you look in at his door. From comets to stars shall we travel. It should not be a long journey, if performed with visual organs ; but we would speak of "those stars which in earth's firmament do shine," and still not of the flowers, the only earthly stars poor Longfellow, who wrote the sweet line, cared to know, but of those men who by their exceeding brilliance or luminosity came to be re cognised as stars. Just now unfortunately we have no stars ourselves. Even our Premier, ordinarily of the first magnitude, shines with a somewhat sickly glow. He is very sick in truth, and should only be pitied, and for all his sins forgiven. Then Joseph Cook is gone, and he for a while lightened the darkness of the churches. He came back to us just for a day, and preached on Sunday night in the Pitt-street Church, and, it is said, did somewhat better than in any of his previous lectures, which were punctuated so frequently by clapping hands and stamping feet and the rapturous applause of the orthodox. It is safe to say that Mr. Cook, in all those earlier lectures, did not make one single convert, for the reason that his bellicose and somewhat contemptuous manner provoked more hate than love amongst those who were not of his particular fold ; and then he attempted so frequently in a few brief words to put aside the work of men who stand by comparison to him as that comet in the morning sky to the flicker of a watchman's lamp. But in his last lecture or sermon he spoke out like an honest man who had a message and was anxious to deliver it. His manner was simply earnest ; his voice as ever, like the grinding of a cart wheel ; but he spoke of the future of Australia, and as we are all interested in the future of Australia we were all for the once interested in Mr. Joseph Cook. He talked glibly enough of the time when we should be a people of a hundred millions, and told us that our land law did not seem to settle the land as it ought — that by-and-by we should have great cities producing people weakly and sickly and puerile as all great cities do, and no great rural population to strengthen and replenish them. It is much to be feared that so much is absolutely true, for our towns are too large by comparison with our villages. He also drew a very pretty picture of all these southern seas and a southern sky,and in that southern sky Australia, as the chief luminary, not a sun or a full round moon, but an exceedingly bright crescent, a sickle-like band of light, with a centre and greatest breadth about Sydney and Melbourne, and its horns at fixed points on the northern and western coasts. Separated by gulfs of sky or ocean, New Zealand and Tasmania, as two bright stars ; and all the islands as twinkling points of light. It was a pretty and a graceful image; but, had Mr. Cook known a little more of Australia, he might have seen that the crescent will deepen and become much more like a full moon or a great round sun than he imagines. Like the sun in the heavens, it may be "Dashed with wandering ills of night." But the old tradition of only a skirt of habitable coun- try upon the edge of a great inland desert is but a tradition, a childish fable, now. A very sad and very evil case occurred at Bunda- berg some weeks ago. A father and son quarrelled, and the son took up a gun and shot the father dead. For this offence he was tried and was found guilty, and stood before the Judge for sentence. Most men would say there could be but one sentence for such a crime. Most sons would court but one doom with such a sin upon their souls; but in this case the crime was punished by a sentence of four years' imprisonment. Is that the Australian penalty — the proper punishment for taking a father's life ? Bonds of filial duty are very light in Australia, we know, so different from the old days and the old lands. There is a story of the very old time told of a parricide which it is well that the Australian youth should hear. It is only a myth, but it contains a soul of truth. Thor Ericson slew his father, and died, and awaken- ing in another world went, as was the manner of all Norseland ghosts, to the summit of Mount Hecla to carve himself a shroud of snow. Wanting that shroud of snow spotless and complete, he could never obtain admission at the gates of Walhalla. He carved the shroud with his sword, and placed it upon his shoulders, and journeyed on through the Nibelung to the warriors' home. He arrived at the gate and knocked, but the porter stared at him aghast and shut to the door. Then Thor Ericson looked upon himself, and saw that the shroud he had carved upon Hecla was all bespotted with blood. So he returned for another, but ere he had again reached the gate the crimson stain of his crime had soaked again through the shroud, and he knew that it would be in vain to knock, for all the might of the gods within would bar the door against him. Then Ericson wept, for he knew that his doom, was great none other than to wander for ever in the Nibelung carving shrouds from the snow of Hecla and seeing them become bloodspotted and defiled ere he could approach Walhalla's gates. The doom is great, says the saga man, but in no sense greater than the crime ; for is not that son who lifts a hand against a father's life so deep in guilt that all the snow of all the mountains should fail to clothe him against the judgment of the gods? Mr. Goodchap, who virtually is the head of the Railway Department of this colony, is a Civil servant who may be led, but will not be driven. As a Rail way Commissioner he is undoubtedly entitled to a place in the first rank, but, metaphorically speaking, he would be but a sorry, locomotive. Of course, nearly all my readers remember how determined was his opposition to the demands of the farming class a few months back, when they sought a reduction in railway freights — how he ridiculed their ideas con cerning the possibility of the Government making any concessions. The Rates Board sat and brought up a report which strongly deprecated any departure from Mr. Goodchap'B opinions on the subject. Well, after all this wrangling, we find that the Government now see their way clear to make changes in the tariff. It would be hard to explain under what clause of the Criminal Consolidation Act the father who, this week, smashed in his son's skull by a blow which was not aimed at the boy, but at his mother, will be punished. The wound was accidentally inflicted ; but, nevertheless, the poor lad's cranium had to be trephined. The report of the occurrence reminds me that, in a recent conversation with a well-known and kind hearted surgeon of this city, I learned that, in the Sydney Infirmary, there occur, on an average, three cases of trephining for every one which is brought to the principal hospital of Melbourne. It would appear, therefore, that the skulls of Victorians are thicker than those of the dwellers in this colony, or it may be that the bellicose Victorians are not so well trained in the use of the shillelah. An interesting experiment is about to be held at the forthcoming meeting on the Caulfield racecourse. The bookmakers are to be yarded in a well-fenced ring, which is now being constructed for the purpose. Those who wish to book wagers must do it inside the circle, and by this plan — which, by the bye, is not original — it is thought those who merely wish to see the races may do so with greater pleasure. Randwick would be much improved by something of the kind ; and if a few of the metallicians were gagged it would be so much the greater comfort to those who have delicately attuned ears. Speaking of racecourse practices, I must not- over- look the claims of the totalisator. I have written more than a few lines in advocacy of its use ; it is, then, all the more pleasing to me to find that the opinions of the Commissioner of Police of South Australia do not conflict with mine. The use of the machine has been legalised in the southern colony for a year or so. Speak ing of the result of this action, the Commissioner says : — ' Its advantages are : It gives fairer odds in most cases, as the public can use their own know ledge and judgment, and act accordingly, without being misled or induced to stake their money by mis representations. It affords less inducement to dis honest running on the part of owners or persons having the control of horses, and of dishonest riding on the part of the jockeys, inasmuch as what may be termed ? individual ' betting is greatly lessened. It lessens ? credit ' betting, and the effect of this would, I think, lessen the temptation that would otherwise exist for people without means to run into debtor commit crime in order to meet the losses which ere brought about by betting. It materially lessens the bookmakers' occupation, and it does away with ' welshers.1 The disadvantages are : It increases the number of betters on the course, and it is apt to pro mote over-racing.' This is a summary of the Com missioner's report, and, if I can read English, it means that of the two evils the totalisator is much the lesser. The railway has reached Narrabri ; and as I know more than a little of the roads of the North-west, I can the more readily realise the feelings of appreciation which are experienced by dwellers on the banks of the Namoi. Alas for the good old coaches which diversified journeys by their exciting breakdowns, the harness which rendered the possession of twine, saddle-straps, nnd patience so necessary : the grass fed or half-fed horses, the long slow stages, the hos pitable roadside stations where small measures of civility and whisky were the rule ! All these are fading away in the mists caused by the breathing of the iron monster. Ah, I never can for get the treatment the coach party, of whom I was one, received one frosty morning in the small hours, when, travelling between Pilliga and Walgett, after a five hours' stage, with fingers and toes benumbed, we dared to enter the kitchen of the homestead of a squattage because forsooth there was a little fire on the hearth. ' Here, clear out of this,' shouted the lord of the soil. We cleared. In the matter of railway contracts, or ordinary rail way construction, a friend sends me a few hints which may prove serviceable. He writes : — ' Certain con tractors retain from sub-contractors 10 days' work in every month, and at times even more ; that is, for four weeks' work they would pay you for two and a-half weeks. The Government, I understand, retain 25 per cent, on work done by contractors, but contractors retain from their men 35 per cent. The system of payment, too, is bad. If a man is discharged, he has to walk 30 to 40 miles for his money, and thus lose s two or three days by the contractors' humbuggin g. There is one matter which requires to be completely stamped out on these lines, and that is the slv grog shop. As soon as ever the men get their pay, their very first step is to the shanty, where they debauch their hard-earned money and ruin their constitution by the filthy and execrable stuff that is supplied them. I and others, riding up the line, have seen dozens of men, in the hottest day of summer, lying stupidly drunk, without hat, shirt, or boots, exposed to the scorching rays of the sun.' It would not be a Tery difficult task for the Police Department to overcome this shanty business. A few smart plain-clothes con stables should be employed on the new lines. A few heavy fines would soon banish the shanty-keepers. There are Nihilists up Charters Towers way. It seems that the Czar of the Divisional Board there is very strict in the matter of dealing with predatory goats, the owners of which vowing vengeance lately inserted a charge of lithofracteur under the Czar's house. The fuse was imperfect, and the conspirators were foiled. The board should order a supplv of tar and feathers. 3 Robberies are of such frequent occurrence that sojourners in hotels cannot be too-particular. The other night, when little Jones returned from that very enioyable Benedicts' ball which was given in Fieecv town, he went straight to his room to find, alas, that his bed had been jumped. He is no cowaTd, not he ; but he thought it would be indiscreet at that hour to create a disturbance. He did not pull the jumper off the cozy nest. No ; Jones, who was half stripped, simply packed up his clothes and night garb, and, as he knew that at the hotel opposite he could have a share of 'a double'' with, a friend, he carefully picked his way downstairs. He opened the door softly, and was just slipping briskly across the pave ment, when he was pounced upon by two stalwart: members of the foorce. ' And shure we've got you,' said the one with the stripes, as he produced the hand cuffs. It was not until the full glare of the station lamp disclosed the fact that Jones had on a white tib that his story about the ball was believed. SCENE ON AN OVERSTOCKED STATION IN A DRY SEASON. 