? iRoveltet. GRIT. A Story of tho Past and Present ; of Ordi nary moil and Ordinary things, In Ordi nary language, 1 ? BY DONALD' CAMERON. AUTHOR Olf 'IN T1IE FOLDS- OF TUB SERPENT,'- BILVEUWATEn. BEND,' BIO. Bo euro tliy sin wUl find thco out.' It is a beautiful belief : Tlint over round our head Aro hpvering on angel wings, 1 Tho spirits, of the dead. . CHAPTER XII.— (continued.) ''.Yes,' he said, in a low tone ; ' it will be . , dangerous. If that side prop isn't strong when the big one's gone, nothing can keep the stone up. Seo liow it's bracked every where.' ... j'lori don't.like Jaclc,' Baid Snicker Snig gles, quietly. 'I love all. men, ns becomes a changed man,' said Obadiah, senteritieusly. ' I have had cause to hate him, and ,,my nature has striven, with it; but I liave wrestled with it and beoome the victor. Amen.' ' Yet,!' continued Sniggles', 'he has done much wrong jto you. But for him you; would have converted and, married that pretty girls . Bertliai 'White. You 'are fond of . lier, aint' you, brother ?' ! ' . ' Speak not of, the unholy longings o! .tho. i flesh', brother,', said, , Obadiah, in a strange, voice. , ,' Yoq , .have raised, the, rebellious Adam within- me. It is true, she is pretty. It is , true I hankered after her, in the manner of , this carnal world. '.' It is even true that her father is a 'man of money ;^but, 0, Snicker Sniggles I are we not changed mien ? Have we not put off tho old. man and his deeds arid entered upon the straight path. But you have trpubled , me, ' brother, and. 'I' must pray.V; , : - '!;''' ? ? It was nothing unusual, for : Obadiah, to . kneel; ,do\Yn''arid pray in ihei levels.; and, lie .liadsuoh a name for piety witli tlie men since, lie i had. been converted at a revival meeting; lield'jby. Matthew; Burnett,,' that !,th'ey. always refrained from., laughing at liim; indeed,' his disciples.' qften 'joined- ;hiiri. Some of. the miners/ would laughingly remark /that prdy s irig was easier than work ; but, rioUyithsta'nd-, ing,-they 'eftener;jpiried'thaiimecked'.* .'Brethren,' said. Obadiah,'. loiidly, 'I have had a visitation. .The sweet . call, of prayer hath oome into my heart, and I beseech you for a. few moments to join me in solemn supplication. Gome to theleve feastj Come.' . Jhei-e wasn't muoli drauur. It, ;was nearly tlio , end of ? the.. shift, and the , men were tired. . One byione they laid aside their tools, ?and knelt by Obadiah. .Jt.was a strange picture. - , . 'Above, b?lew, were, the rocks lit by , the faint liglit' of the candles, flickering: in tlie musty, misty air., , The half- clothed miners, begrimed. \yjth clay, seemed like the goblins we read of in. German, tales. Here and there a huge shadow. ptietched along the floor like the arm of ra 'spectral- giarit. reached 'forth ,'to! seize' a viptim;.and';in the dim recesses it seemed, as if gliouls and demons were, lurking- for prey in flickering! shadows. Afar 'off the clanking of the machinery sounded like tlio evil spirits of Merlin at work, in, chains. '. . .Obadiah arose from liis knees apparently strengthened. - ;He glanced around in a sort of awe- inspiririg way, and then waved his hand to command silence. .'Brethren, I have wrestled arid been re freshed. Let us now sing that song of praise that our beloved friend Snicker Sniggles lias written.', -.' . ' ' ? Instantly the miners arose 'and began to sing, led oil by Snicker Sniggles, .whose nasal intoning was something amusing) But 'the effect of the different voices resounding in the cavern was something like that which is heard in a great cathedral. Some sang without thought, it is true, but tlipro were others, with simple, earnest voices, who threw all, the' intense longing^ of their hearts into the, verses, seeking in music, expression for their feelings. uuuii. .upprusaeu wmi sorrow, . nnas in music, its truest vehicle. ' - Iii tho mine of life wo work. our way, .Down in the dcx-ths, in-tho miry clay ; , Driving in darkness, seeking for light— . .Lord of Heaven guide us aright. Hallelujah, Hallelujah, . . . . . Glp'Tj glory, Hallelujah. ; iu tlio racks of error, hard and groy, Wo sink and drivo ,l-y night and day, : tJScekiiig for gold that's hidden thero; Listen, '0 Lord I unto bur prayer — ? ' ! ' Hallelujah, Hallelujah. , , , Gloiyj gloiy, Ifallolujah. ' ,,; Groping our way, through levels dark, .i .?No light tho ' pass' .to death to mark ; ; . .Working in danger and; shadow and .pain, 0, Lord I with Thy preseneo our souls sustain; ' Hallelujnh, Hallelujah. Glory; glory, HallelujalC ; WJiou theday-shift is ovor, tho whistles sound, . ' . Raiso us glorious unto higher ground. ' ' Lot Tliy 'cago' with us to tho realms flscond, Great Manager, 'to glory that .will never end. Hallelnjah, Hallelujah. Glory, glory, Hallelujah. « ,;Tho wild strains had hardly ceased when Obadiah's ' liiirid ' again waved,' ' and silence again reigned. Then in place of the' strains that had echoed through tho caves thero bounded his', unmusical voice. : ' Brethren,'.' paid hi;, 'think well of. what wo have sung. Is riot our life like to a shift in this iriirie ?' In the 'morning wo awake and come to our work and' pick and pick' away in search 'of gold, :with only die. light of feeble ' candles to show us our way. As 'we,worlc,.so will our ^vage be. We drive, drive, for tlie golden reef, arid alas !- how few, find it.' Yet, brethren, jit 'is' there; It may bo liiddori' in masses of rock, but it is there, and'tho way'to it , is through narrow drives, and riiucii labor is necessary to reach it. . Arid then, brethren, after all our toil and trouble' the 'evening d'rajys ni-nce,. arid tlie. whistle of the engine * The author haB no intention to givo oflonco to truo religion. Ho morcly .wishes, .to show the manner in which tlie most sacred of ordinances aro travestied by men of tho Obadiah Sweetcom fort stamp. sound? telling us it is time to knock oil Some give over work cheerfully,' and commit themselves unto tlie cage with perfect happi ness; but others who have not done well feel no trust. They do not look for any blessed light above ; tliey' fear the 'frown of the manager, and dismissal. Ah, brethren I may we so work in the mine of life that, when the' Bignal of the Great Manager .sounds; we shall talce oui; places iri the cage of death, confident of ascending from the -dim light of the dark mine unto the glorious realms above, where He will receive us with smiles, and pay our wages. Yet another 'simile. Brethren, are ye not also minesj arid is riot your master seeking in ,: ye'; for gold; driving into your hearts to find the precious metal ? ' Have ye 1 alio wdd Him to find tlie golden reef that is \yitliin every man ? Has Ho not Btood with out,' day after day, knocking. Have ye not re? fused to open to Him ? HasHe notsunkirito your. hearts expecting to find gold, .and instead i found mero valueless mullock? Ah, brethren I ibowaro.'1' Ho is long suffering, but his patience will not last for ever. Ho will come to you in fury, and cast you into the shaft that is bottomless, ; where you shall'be dashed to pieces with the fall. Amen, Flee from the wrath to come.; flee from the blast that's' in the rock, and will scatter you in fragments throughout the mine if you do not retreat into the safe'drivo of religion. Brethren, let us pray.' ? ' Let us work,', said a sti'ong, angry voico at the tunnel, and William'' Brown, Jack's friend, and, the irianager of the Hesperus Extended, appeared. - Instantly tho devotees slunk away to their places, leaving Obadiah standing', alone. 11 Wliat the devil do you mean idling here,' said Mr. Brown, who had become a strong, bearded, niari, ' when you ought to be work ing.' ? ' ' ' ': 'We had a visitation, sir,' was Obadiah's reply, ' and improved the occasion.'. ' 'Yes,' retorted- the manager; 'I've no doubt you've had a visitation of laziness ; it often comes your way. I've heard a good deal about the style you have beon going, bn lately, and I've made up my mind to clear you out. I wont have such men as you hindering round with your sanctimonious cant and unholy blasphemy. You're, ruiriing the men— — ' ' ? ' ' Saving their souls,' said Obadiah, whose eyes were fliisliingln a very unsaintly way. 'Saving j'our carcase,' said tho manager roughly. ' ' After to-jday you q^uit the mine. Como' on, men, it's time to knock off.' , Arid he disappeared in tho tunnel. The meri now fixed their tools in readiness -for the next shift, and proceeded to thb drive. Obadiah, who' 'seemed ; very crestfallen,' lingered behind. Tliei men did 'riot come to speak to him. The 'young man who so stoutly stood up for Jack, however, could not ;help twitting' him as he passed. , ' ' ' ' Hot;' said lie, with a'grin. ' Yes,'.' replied Obadiah, with a sneer, and, , scowling at' the speaker, ' hot as itv will be 'for him and' yoii hereafter.'' ' We'll take our chance of that,'' said the other, arid ho walked' on mth his mates to 'the : shaft, keeping to, the rails to avoid 'the water ^Yhich'ilbwod-aloiig'. ' The cage'h'ad stopped, : and those who stepped into it could see; far above, a glimpse of the~ blue sky, studded with a star or two. ' Where's -Obadiah?' ; asked Snicker , Sniggles, as tfie last cage' was going up, arid he' was about to signal to the'.man'above. 'Here,' said 'a ' sepulchral voice, and Obadiah 'stepped into the cage'.' He was in a perspiration,' but very 'white; 'indeed, as he took hold of the chain. Sniggles noticed his hands shake. J Wliat kept you. so long?' asked Sniggles. 'I had foirgotteri something' was tho reply. One, two, three pulls at the telegraph cord, and away the cage went, up ; Hp, until it reached the light of day. CHAPTER XIII. . ' Tho lightest straw tlio balance turns ; Tho smallest match a wareliouso bums ; Tho slightest Btop out of tho path, Leads to a day of doom and wratli.' ' In the morn of life, when love's our dream, No shade in store appears to bo; . But beyond love's, bright deceiving gleam, Lies life's dark, dreary, [troubled sea.' Tho afternoon sun was shining. upon Gritty Gully, bathing in its warm - light , the great goldfield of Grit ; but not the field we have seen iri the past. Had - the ghost of , Janet .risen now it would riot have recognised -the spot where its poor clay met so untimely a fato. - . A great change had come over Grit. - The miners who had' had their being on Gritty Gully then, had 'folded their tents,' and 'silently 'fl^d 'away.' :Ori the whole plain, there was' not a tent to bo seen ; in their stead arose substantial brick' arid wooderi, houses. ? Tho street of tents had vanished ; and in its place was a fine thoroughfare,' in the riiidst of which tho Garryoweri hotel, a costly structure of brick and stone, rose, displaying a tower of ? considerable height. ' Thero were ' grocers and drapers, and banks ; iri' fact, all the signs of civilised existence, oven to tho gaol, a granite and brick structure, that frowned over the Reserve— as the spot set apart as sacred from ' the intrusion of -brick, was called The gaol covered tho site of what had been the ' Camp' in the early days, where Mr. Buriakum's enemy, the Commissioner; lived. The remains of the great alluvial diggings could 'be seen in the miles and miles of yellow ungrassed country on every side'. Another feature in 1 the landscape told. of the great change that had taken place.' The stack's of brigines rose ? iri'every direction, telling of spots where shafts ; had been sunk decp into tlio earth in quest of lodes. The field ; was .indeed altered.' The sturdy alluvial digger was no moro ; his place was supplied : by' Wretched fo8sicl(ers and Chinamen.' A new order of men had been created; tho quartz niiriors. .. The once rest less hordes of goldseokers had cither settled down into quiet citizen's; or gone off to other fields to pursuo' their1 feverish life. - In two respects, however, Grit had not changed ; indeed, so far as these were concerned, they ?had beconio intensified;' It was redder and moro glaring than ever. Save the. dingy green : of a decaying gum tree here and there, not a ! vestige of vorduro ' was to -be s'een. The! denuded surfaco had been red enough and staring in the past, but' now the color was aggravated by tlio' brick buildings that arose everywhere. Bed dust, too, rose in clouds on tho slightest motion, so that tho inhabitants had a littlo riiore than their share of that quantum, dust, everyone' is supposed to swallow during their life. In regard to ' drinking, Grit had in no manlier changed. Glancing along its principal Btreet — the Parado, as it waB proudly called— the eye rested on a public-liouso every ' second building. Tliei Garryowen was of ? course, the great hotel; but further down the 'street was another, not much inferior, the Patriot. Thero was much plato glass about this hotel, : and a certain air ' of freedom and ' oponness that woll accorded with the idea of patriotism. And who, of all men, think you, was landlord of tho Patriot ? Who, but our esteemed friend Bunakurii, the great thinker, the mighty Bpoaker. Tliore he stood at the door as largo as life, desoanting upon the political questions of tho day;- He had ohanged but very little; his attire was 1 still loose and ungraceful great minds are not troubled about supli trifling matters — and the mark of brandy was upon his face. ? Ho was, however, a trifle stouter, and,' on the whole, looked a more responsible and respeotablo person.' ' 1 Bunakum had several feaBons for standing at his door. The 'primary one wa^ that whioh prompts the spider to wait at tho outside of his net to seize upon tho silly flies that may come within his reach; Bunakum know everyone, and therefore it would be thought mean of anyone whom he saluted, not to go within and havo ? a drink. Then Buriakum's oratory was of such a kind, that he must be a liard- hearted, close-fisted wretch, who refused to ' shout.' Thero 'were no doubt, other reasons why Bunakum stood outside; hut the one is sufficient. Beyond taking his drink at the bar, he did little inside. He had provided a fair temptress there, who was quite able to 4etain the flics; once lie had inveigled them .past the doorstep; This fair charmer was named Maggie— her surname no one', know. Maggie was vbluptuously. beautiful, had soft clear skin, very taking,' though prominent features ; a splendid oarriago ; and glossy black hair which wols done up every day in a new arid' entrancing style. 'As sho -never declared herself iri favor of any of her numerous swains in particular, it may be taken for granted that, she was very popular. ; To many of thorough, hardworking miners, sho was a sort of !' revelation,' arid their thoughts by day, their dreams by night, wero about the beautiful siren. ' : When the Gritty Gully Trumpet had fallen into the hands of Hector Macinnis, and Bunakum was thrown again upon the world, his friends, Hector inoluded, came to the con clusion, that above all tilings, he was suited to becoirie a landlord. Under this impression they fixed him in tho Patriot Hotel, and ho fully justified their good opinion; He talked bombast with his customers all day, and at night drank until consciousness was lost, when his able rnanservant trundled him off to , bed to sleep away the funics of brandy. So Bunakum lived and ? prospered, and made money, although it was evident from his way of life, and the quantity of ardent spirits he drank, that an insurance over his life would not be a safe one; How he had managed to i last so long was a wonder even to his friends. 'Gentlemen,' said Bunakum,' solemnly, ' There can be no doubt tho present is one of the great crisises of Grit. Do I not remem ber that glorious era when tho Gritty Gully [Trumpet was established, which drove the | tyrant of this field, the Commissioner, off the place, and made him eventually resign his. ; position ? And now ho returns to seek your ' suffrages— the man who trod upon you in the days that are past. Gentlemen, if ho . is elected, I humbly beg you to:have me buried in the deepest grave in the Back Creek Ceine 1 tery ; there let mo rest in peace. Death sponer than disgrace. How can I live and see this villain triumph over tho men of Grit. He is of that party which would hound you down. He is a nominee of the squatters. Suoh men as lie shut up the lands which kc should'havo had. Why have not I a piece of my native earth?' Because they conspired against ine, and drove me into the public line. The oligarchs did it, gentlemen, the vile oligarchs. - They've swallowed us up, and he's their tool. Down with him, or bury met And who- stands against him? Hector Macinnis, gentlemen, the noble Hector,' who has championed your cause, who has made tlie Gritty Gully Trumpet respected through out the land; Ho^ must be returned. 'All,' continued Bunakum, noticing a group ap proaching, ' How are you; Jack ? Glad to see you, gentlemen.' The group consisted of a number of young miners, who were taking a stroll down tho Parade before.going on the night shift. They were all strong, handsome, manly fellows ; but tho centre figure was the most striking. Ho was a: strong, but gracefully-formed young fellow; . rather tall, but so splendidly propor tioned, that there was nothing awkward in his appearance.. , His. face was open and manly, arid was graced with a short brown beard, crisp and curly. His dress— a white tightly-fitting . moleskin ' trowsers, secured with a, scarf, and a red Crimean shirt — set off his finely- formed limbs to great advantage. Perhaps his greatest attraction; however, was a very genial smile, that lit his face like a gleam of sunshine, and roguish, pleasant eyes, whoso , twinkle wen t -^straight to the: heart of everyone. This, was' none other than our hero, Jack. Few young maidens with hearts to let, could resist this same attractive young fellow. - ' , ' ' j Jack was on pretty fair terms with his j father, although ho did not live with him. j Tho great sorrow of his early days had been washed away by the waves of time, and, save an occasional fit of sadness, when he passed the spot .where had been the tent in which: his j mother had come ,to so terrible an end, now oeoupied 'by, a splendid store ; or when lie gazed on lier lowly grave in ? the now unused cemetery — for a, now one had. been formed about a, mile out of town— there was no recol lection of tho past. Some -people said lie was : a Bad dog, very fond of womankind,' and very much in love with Bertha, the daughter. of the; rich quartz .jnincivMr. , Write,, who was now the wealthiest man on the goldfield of Grit. It may be mentioned that the Patriot hotel , had three distinct missions to fulfil in Grit.! There was, first tho bar, which was indiscri minately the gathering ground for loafers,: politicians, and thegeneral public— particularly the young and impressible, who came to gaze on Maggie's oliarms.. Then there were two snug parlors, where young men could play at that fascinating and essentially Gritty game, ' Yankee grab ' for drinks, and money, if:they lilted, while smiles of Maggie fully mado up fori tho lover's sorrows. Behind this there was a seleot room, where gamblers of higher degree' in sin, we mean, assembled daily, and nightly : to loo and be looed; varying the entertainment with poker, hazard and the liko. There was also a billiard room, and a large hall where; tho boarders dined, and where great meetings wero held. Bunakum had a special forle for getting up meetings ; . and, as they brought: much gain' to tho establishment, it may well: bo imagined he did not lot the institution die out. Y Headers of the Bible will remember a passage . whera'a wise captain divided his troops, so that if the adversaries escaped one or two! companies, they wore suro to fall in,to the hands of the third or fourth. Upon. these : principles, Bunakum proceeded; .— Those who escaped tlio bar, were seized by the little back room and ; Yankee grab ; ? thoso who passed ; through the bar and Yankee grab ordeals wero : ?certain to fall into tho ' select room' and loo; , so that none escaped. A judioious division of; forces is of incalculable value. But what was to be done with that rapidly-increasing section; of adversaries known as the teetotallers,' who,' thanks to tlio untiring efforts of Obadiah Sweetcomfort, wero becoming a power in Grit ? Tho meeting-linll caught them, so that every adversary was properly provided for. ? It may be as woll to explain here, that tho temperance movement was origiriated in Grit by Obadiah's respected father. Tho publican party grew so strong, that it struok that worthy another party could be raised .up in! opposition, and bo of value to tho men who gave it life. Thereforo lio formed tho United Sociable . Society of Liquor Abominators, Gritty Gully District, of which lie became tho Worshipful Grand Honorable Worthy Head Master; so that he was known in Grit as Obadiah Sweetcomfort, Esq., W. G. H.'W. H. M. of tho U. S.,S. 0. L. A., G. G. D. . This society, having so much of moral weight on its side, did become a power ; and the worthy founder thought himself booked for a seat in parlia ment, when the inoident wo havo alluded to occurred, and ho was sent to tho next world to start a teetotal society thero. Great was. the rejoicing of the other party, who now thought; their troubles oyer. Their gladness, however, was of short dura tion ; for Obadiah Sweetcomfort, jun., moro -than took his father's place, and so vigorously ' contested the battle, that tiireo letters , were added to his title, and he had already drafted out a Permissive Bill that, mado the pubh'cans .fairly/ shake in their shoes. - Bunakum was tlio greatest opponent of this movement, which lie characterised as an attempt of. the Com missioner, although that gentleman; had left I. Grit— to interfere with the- liberty of the subject. He throw the 'grand old name, of liberty' pretty successfully in the faces of the teo-totallors. His followers - declared peoplo were not ripe for a Permissive Bill; Nor wero thoy likely to be, so long as 'drinking habits wero encouraged by such men as Bunakum., , . ; 'I hope, Jack,' said Bunakum, ' that you are sound upon the question at issue, whioh will be decided to-morrow. Never was there a contest so frought with consequences, as that upon which we havo now entered.!',, Always harping upon the same thing, old man,' said Willie -Godericli, Jack's mate, a lithe, handsome, devil-may-care young fellow. ' You depend we're all with you.' . i .'Will you see the liberty of tho subject trampled upon ?' said Bunakum, stamping on tho ground as if liberty was beneath his feet. ! No 1' was the reply.,; ' Will you see tho country overriden by proud aquatters ?' - ; 'No!' '.Will you be, bound hand and foot by Obadiah Sweetcomfort and his waterdrinlc .ers?' 'Nor .Talking of that,' said Willie, with a light laugh, ' I don't think we should stand hero and tako a shingle off Bunaltiim's roof; What do you Bay, boys— a shilling in, and tho winner shouts ?' ' All assented. Jack did not like to hold out, but it was evident, ho would have preferred to have gone on. It was with a sort of savage self- vexation that he followed the others. He was perfectly, conscious that all: his money went in ' grabbing,' and. that lie ;lived in a hand-to-mouth way, because lie hadn't 'strength to refuse. He knew Obadiah had gathered money together by living steadily, and that he was in a far . better position than 'himself. ? How could he ever hope to- be able |to ask Bertha of old White, if he went on in I this way, spending moro than he earned, in jfolly ? A fellow could riot save much on £2 ;5s. a week, but lie would save less if lie-in- dulged in ' yankeo grab.' This abominable ; system of 'shaking' and 'Bhouting' was 'ruining him. But, although he knew it was wrong, he went in. We often are perfectly conscious we are doing wrong, but- lack the power to hold back. Company leads us into evil, and we seem powerless to resist. , There was also another reason why Jack : did not want to go in. It was well known in i Grit that Maggie was ' struck' on . Jack. iNow Jack ;jfas very impressible,; and, al though liis early fancy for Bertha had ripened into a passionate attachment, lie could riot ' resist being loved by a woman, at whose feet all his companions were ready to fall down and worship. A young man finds it very difficult to resist the admiration of a pretty girl. _ , , ' It was quite evident, when Jack went in, that Maggie made an exception in his favor. In stead of . casting similar smiles arourid, sho gave her, sweetest to Jaok, and took his hand. Willie at once called for ' her bones,' which, of course, resulted in the usual chaff. Jack wanted to have tlio shake in front of the bar, but Maggie and the others at once demanded it should take place in the little room.- - So they went iri, arid Maggie held 'Jack's hand and talked soft nothings to liimi'while tho rest shook off. ' Seventeen's tho main,' said Willie, hand ing Jack the box at the ciose of thejentertain ment. ' There, Jack, beat that, and let Maggie go for tlio present.' , ' I'll throw for him,' said Maggie,' and she proceeded to dexteriously manipulate tho dice. Two sixes were managed the first time, and the final tlirow brought up six, at which; there was considerable cheering.'- Then Willie at once proposed a 'dry shake,' that is, one without drinks. Jack knew himself booked. All his resolutions to give up' dice-throwing and -cards were scattered to. the winds, and there he stayed a willing victim to, the charms of Maggie and the dice-box'. ' Not but that Jack knew he was losing timo and money. He knew.it too well, but had not the power to resist, for it would be unpleasant and unsociable. j' ,'f . . How skilfully Maggie attended to tho com pany, and Jack in particular ; how carefully ' she saw that too many dry shakes did riot take place. ' It iB to be presumed tho fellows sat down expecting to win something, but iri that they were disappointed.' . '..The house' swallowed all the winnings, a'hd a gobd 'deal more. It is the -case in all publichou'se gambling, that the players rise up poorer than tliey sat down, whichever way fortune may! turn; poorer in pocket, poorer iri health. But they have been amused. How' intently Maggie looked at Jack the while! She felt in her soul that she loved.him as slid had never loved another man, and her affaires de ctcur had not been few. How delightful it Would be, thought Maggie, as she gazed on his honest handsome face, and sturdy form, to have a husband.liko liiiri — in fact, to own him as, her property. And Maggie did not think that was difficult.'; She knew Jack liked her. Of course, there was, the love affair with Bortha, but then Maggie considered that Bertha's father was rich, and would never! dream of an alliance with the young miner, who worked in one of his best claims— the Hesperus, Extended. . So, on the whole, she felt very 'easy. . . There was a slight divertiBement when Hector Macinnis, Bunakum, and several other: leading characters passed -through to' have a look at the hall and Bee the preparations for; the monster meeting that was to be held there, . that night. Thero was a slight cffusion.pf red ia Hectors's face as lie noticed Jack, and, tlio latter's countenance darkened. Though years had elapsed, Jack never could forget tlio past; as regarded Hector; that lie' was primarily responsible for what had ocourred. And there always, appeared, to, be a shadow ovor this, man. , He had aged very much ; he was grave and studious in, appearance, but that' might . have been caused ,by tho thought he had to give to that now great organ of public opinion, ? the Gritty Gully Trumpet. Still, neither he, nor Jack could ever get rid of d' feeling of bitter Antagonism. Though Jack;did not care sixpence , about politics, ho had. entered into tho, present contest with spirit, and taken , up tlio 'side of thb^ ^Commissioner; .Mr. Miall, seek ing to obtain tho votes of his'fellow-workerB against Hector. ' , 1 Still tlio' play went on, and Jack lost, until liis-last shilling was gone. . Then he threw tho dice-box away from him in a sort of rage. ' I„ won't play ripy more,' skid Jack, just as lie heard the Buriakum party; after examining ? the hall, settle down to a game of loo in tlio, select room— 'I'ni stumped,' . . . 'Go oil,', said Willie, 'I'll lend you some.' ' I'll lend you some, Jack,' said Maggie, i pressing his hand. , 'No, I won't borrow,' said Jack, with an unusual firmness; 'I'll try ' my luck to morrow.' ' , 'Oh, go on,' said the party, 'we'll trust you.' . ' No,' said Jack, with a grim determina tion. ' Besides, it's time' to go to' Xvorlc ; it's after four.' ' ' Reluctantly enough tho party withdrew, and, after Jack had squeezed Maggie's hand, tlioy departed to go on the riiglit shift. , 'Jaok is going against me,' said Hector to Bunakum, just after tho latter, had boon looed for £4 7h. (id. ' : ! ' ? '.Yes,' said Bunakum, dealing, tho cards, 'but I don't think he can, do much, excopt amongst his own lot.'! i ' I wish ho had cleared out of tho district,'.' said.Hectdr, in a low tone.': ; '!', ' .' ' i ' Oli, lio'li be Cleared out soon chougli iiaid Bunakum, dexterously turning up'a trunip that suited his! own' liand.' ' , ' . ' ; ' ' ' ' CHAPTER XIV. As lie walked out of the Patriot hotel and stepped into tho reserve; Jack felt- not ft little savage; He ' knew that 'he hiid .been doing wrong. Had he riot time after ?'.'time: deter mined to give up gairiblirig. Had he riot seoti clearly that lie . was losing everything by his follyi and .that he would malte no progress in life ' if he continued to: lead so' foolish- :and frivolous an eristence. Would ' ho - alio# Obadiah Sweetcomfort to rise in position arid become rich,, while his life was retrogres sive ? Was lie not more gifted, more popular ? ; But tliero were the facts staring hiiri1 in the1 face. As matters went now, ho- would never be able to' ask Bertha in marriage.- -And his flirtation with Maggie— why, it was the excess of folly. There is nothing that tends to dis tract the' mind more than tho sncce'ss 'of others, when onesself is going back every day. Jack hardly saw a way out of this difficulty. He seemed to despair of getting Sufficient strength td resolutely say ' no.' Besides, he was very fond of ' fun and society, arid found it very difficult indeed to resist their tempta tions. Ho'w'as musing in this way, his eyes - cast on tho ground, when he heard his name breathed soft'.y, closo to him.' Raising his eyes, ho saw Bertha — riot the' shy,' queerly dressed girl we introduced to the reader; tend ing her flock at Gritty Gully; but a fashionably- : attired young lady . Her face was round; lier features small, her eyes- blue and liquid. There was ascertain aristocratic air about her that had been acquired by living for' years as ' the acknowledged belle of Grit,: and the daughter of its richest citizen. But the dear girl liad not been spoiled altogether. There : was still the same frank; fearless spirit in her j eyes that had captivated the boyish fancy of Jack, and ' nothing that was supercilious detracted froni the mild beauty of ? that pleasant fiiee., . The history of these two souls since the discovery of the goldfield of Grit, hiid been singular in the constancy of their affection; Jack had continued to struggle on, working away,' and generally' careless of .what ; the1] morrow would bring forth, while Bertha had' i riseri ill life .with her father. She, who had often Tun about over this goldfield |after her! unruly sheep, accompanied by' Lassy; was now the riohest lady iri the district. Her father, haying become a wealthy man, thought he could do nothing 'better than' to send his daughter to a high- class' boarding-school in Sydney, in which city he liad.lumseinived'ere he sought his fortune at Grit.1 ;' SoMissBertha went 'thither,' and 'learned all the ways of gentility, had fast 'friends amongst that class to whom she liad looked , up with'mubh awe in her childhood, 'the squatters^ nay, 'li^r- bosom friend had been the 'daughter of the' gentleman whose sheep she had herded. In riiany'witys, she was disencharited;: ' arid discovered ' that squatters' were like ;other mortals— no better, no worse. So, after learning music, French, Italian, and the like, Miss Bertha returned to Grit, a .marvel of -education, perfectly putting in the shade all the Misses who had attempted to rule in the very limited society there. 'These; of course, revenged tlieiriselves 'by reflections Upon tha low origiri of Miss Bertha, but they' inet with very unsympathetic hearers in the young beaux of Grit, who'were attracted by. Bertha's bearity, arid her' father's' inorid^ There was not a bank clerk in the place who did not. think he ought to marry Bertha; At every ball or party the most , frantic efforts were riiade'.to win her heart, but' tho young lady, although exceedingly fond of flirtatipn- — what girl is npt — made no sign. Irideed, liad she been : disposed, she could riot; for her father kept a strict watch over her. He waB proud arid fond pf his daughter;' and destined her to become tho bride of ' some geritlemaii, very different from th'ose'who no«' fluttered around her. . His cherished plan was to dispose of all his interest in' Grit, when he had made the suiri ho hiid' fixed upon, £250,000, and then to seek the shores of his native land, where he, would find depose for his latter days, and a husband for tlie daughter of his heart. He meant, that husband io be everytliirig that was nonpareil,.',' Ho ' would be' young, harid- I some, rich, good.' And bo he went, on j dreaming;; ' ' ' ? ''' ' ' :;?' ?- - ! 