Victoria v. HoiUIi Australia. (from our own correspondent). Adelaide, March 10. The intercolonial match commenced to-day. The weather wns fino but tbere wns a moder ate attendance. Goodoti, tho captain of the Ailclaido team, won tho toss and sent his op- ponents to the field. Jnrvis nud Noel went first to the wickets, M'Shano nnd Tmpp'bowl- ing. 0\. Mulgmvc, b. M'Shano ... o No later telegram bad arrived when we went to press.— Ed. T. (?. Held Over.— We are compelled to hold over a leader already itt typo, and scveraj local paragnq, from pressure of ndvortisc- mcnts. Fins Brigade.— Tho nunual meeting of tho Toowoomba Fire Brigade will be hold iu tho engine-shed this evening. Queen's Park State School. — a meet ing of all interested in tho procuring of a Provisional State-school for this locality wilt bo held on Tuesday evening next nt the School of Arts. Congregational Church.— The Bcv. E. Griffiths will conduct the service at this Church to-morrow. In tho evening tho sub ject will bo " Lessons to be drawn from the Into attempt to assnssiuate Queen Victoria." Mort Estate Girls' School.— The pupils of this school will give a concert on Thursday next, in the Assembly Booms, in aid of the piano fund, a full programme of which mil appear in our next issue. Oddfellows' Anniversary. —The Grand United Order of Oddfellows intend celebrat ing their anniversary by a hall at the Town Hall on Faster Monday night, the lOth.of April. Special Meeting of the Council. — A special mooting of thu Municqml Council is convened for Monday nftcrnoon, for the pur pose of considering tenders for carting Mono from the qttnrry, and appointing additional members to tho Water-works committoo. Cricket. — The return match botweeu the South End C.C. and second cloven Aubigny will be played this evening on the Aubigny ground. All players arc requested to on the ground punctually at 2 o'clock. A match has also been arranged to take place this evening between the Gazette C.C, and Albion C.C. Volunteer Parade.— A volnntcr head ntcrs companies' parade took place at the shed on Thursday evening last. The officers! present wcro Major Godsall, Captain Langlcy, nnd Lieutenant Gruom. There was not a very largo attendance of moo, but those who were present bad their undress tunics handed over to thciu. Esk Police Court.— On the 4th Inst., at tho Esk Police Court, John Barnes was charged, nt tho instance of Senior-constable M'Carth.v, with having wilfully brauded a heifer, the property of one Peter M'KiUop, aud was lined £51), including costs, for this serious offence. The same offender was lined £28 at Crow's Nest for a similar offence iu April last. The Kev. Dn. Nelson.— We very much regret to Itavc to state tliat the indisposition complained of by tho Bcv. Dr. Nelson still continues, and that gentleman is obliged to still further >08tpoic tlio delivery of the first of his lectures on ''The social economy, of the world to conic," ou that nccouut. It is expected tlmt he will be sufficiently re covered, however, as to be nblc to conduct morning service at St. John's to- morrow. Dr. Garde.— We, iu common with many of our townsiHiOple regret to learn that Dr. Garde intends leaving Toowoomba to settle, nnd pursue the practice of his profession in ltockhampton where he lias previously carried on the duties of his calling, aud from whence he has lately received pressing solicitations to come and take up his icrmanciit abode. The genial doctor will leave many genuine friends behind him, as apart from being popular as a medico, he was always to the fore in anything which heljunl to advance the social interests of the community. Tub Courieu in a Libel Action.— Yesterday's Courier says : — A writ has been served on our solicitors, through tlio oifico of Mr. A. W. ('hamlwrs, solicitor, nt the suit of Mr. W. If. Chambers, city cngiueur, in which . damages of an uuspccificd amount arc churned for libel. The comments of which Mr. Chambers complains appear to be coutaiucd in au editorial articla published in tho Courier of let March, which seems to us after re- jKirusal, to be a fair comment ou matters dis cussed at the then recent meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Council. Wo cannot therefore tako advantage of the statutory pri vilege of making an apology. Tiie Attempt on the Queen's Life> — A special message in the Courier says : — The Eton boy who attacked M'Lean, the would-be murderer of the Queen, aud who was personally tliankcd by her Majesty, is a sou of Sir Samuel Wilson. Fire Urioadk Board.— A meeting of Fire Insurance ngenta doing business In this town Is convened for Monday next nt the Town IfaU at 4 o'clock, for the purpose of electing two of their number to serve on tho Board. Breach of the Marriage Act.— At the Brisbane Pofico Court on Wednesday last, a woman nnmod Bridgot Brodcrick was charged by the Registrar of Marriages with having Induced the Rev. Charles Ogg to celebrate a marriage between one Mary Kato Jews alias Conway, nnd Thomas O'Donnell Wright, by falsely pretending she was the mother of Mary Kato Jews, a person under 21 years of Age, and not haviug obtained a written consent from the proper authorities to. such marriage, anil for having herself fraudulently signed a consent to such mar riage. Tho summons was tnken out under tho 27th Ecetion of tho Marriage Act of 1801' Tho case having bccu fully proved, tho nccuscd was committed to tako bcr trial nt tho Supremo Court, on the 27tfi May, but wns admitted to bail. Lieut. Manfred Rose. — This gentleman appeared nt the School of Arts on Thursday evening last, in his monologue entertainment, including tho wizard business, mind-rending, ventriloquism, nnd the exposure of the Davenport Bros, trick, &c.; Although tlicro wns hut a very small audience, those who did attend enjoyed the occasion vastly. Though lie is not very pretentious in his "fixings," Mr. Rose docs his lcgonleinain tricks vory neatly indeed. His mind-read ing was a puzzle to all present, and his cabinet performance a la Havenport Bros., was closely superintended by three gentle men, well known iu Toowoomba, and equally surnrisod them with the mulicnco who witnessed it with them. The ventriloquism was also very good. Mr. Rose kept tho attention of his nudicuco without the least flagging for two hours, and was frequently and loudly applauded during the cntcrtaiu- meat, St. Patrick's Day.— We beg to direct attention to the vory liberal programme of sports appearing on our fourth pngc, which has been prepared by the committee entrusted with the carrying out of the celebration of the natal day of tho pntron saint of Irclnnd, which is to be held under the auspices of the Hibernian Society in this town, on Friday next, in the Queen's Park. Tho programme con'nining no less than tweoty-four ovents, mul through the usual liberality of tbo towns people tbo committee are enabled to attach prizes of considerable valuo to each event, so that all will bo worthy of competition. A prize of £5 is offered for an all-comer's handi cap foot-race of 400 yards, nnd the amounts offered for other events are equally in propor tion. A ball will be held nt the Hibernian Hall in the ovening, conftncncing at 9 o'clock. Tenders for catering for the ball arc invited by the Secretary up to 0 o'clock this evening, nud tlio right to lease the en trance gate, two publicans' booths, nud two confectioners' 6talls will be Bold by miction by Messrs. T. G. Robinson & Co., nt their auction mart, on Tuesday next, nt noon. The Commissioner for Railways intimates that excursion tickets, nt singlo fares for tho double journey, will be issued between all stations extending, for- return, from the lGtli to tho IStli inst. So tliat every opportunity will he given for tho display of patriotism by the sons of Icnie, whom we expect to see, with the gcucrnl public, turning out in largo ntimbors to make tlio occasion ono of un qualified success. Oupid and Politics.— The Brisbane cor respondent of the S. M. Ihrald thus writes on tho North Gregory Election : — " Speaking of marriage reminds mo that orange blos soms have intruded thomsclvcs in a sufll- cicntiy remarkable manner in our current , politics. Ono of tho constituencies now vacant wns held by a strong Government ; supporter, who left lus resignation in tho bands of tbo Premier. It happens that tbcro is a gentleman very popular in the constituency who bos long been regarded as tho coming man for tho district, but his politics woro not sound from n Ministerial point of view. But ho became entangled in Cupid's chain, nnd tho time was fixed for his marriage. As soon as bis matrimonial en gagement was irrevocably concluded, the Government produced tho resignation, de clared tho scat vacant, brought forward a candidate warranted to voto straight, and fixed nu early date for the ctcction. In this manner an assured supporter has been secured, and tho unhappy Opposition man goes to a honeymoon in which, I fear, n certain in fusion or gall has been injected. It is a curious instanco of how politics blunt the finer feelings. There was n tirno when tho Premier, a notoriously gallant man, would havo sacrificed half a dozen scats rather than cmtso nnnoynnco to a lady. Ghosts, and now we See Tiiem.— A correspondent of Tho Ut, Jamci Gazette, who signs himself ' A Bcliovor in Spirits," explains tho theory of ghosts in the follow, ing clear and explicit manner : " A few cvouings ago I was Bitting in an arm-chair shortly torero midnight, whon 1 saw two ghosts — not simultaneously, but one after the other. I should state tliat during the clay I bad drunk nothing but a bottlo of Bass' pale ale at luncheon, two glasses of brandy nml soda water iu the courso of the afternoon, ono bottle of burgundy and a bnlf-bottlc of sherry at diuncr, and was finishing up with a glass or . two of whisky-and-watcr before retiring to rest. I wns finishing my third glass when I became conscious of a ' presence ' iu the room. Lifting my eyes from the tumbler, I distinctly eavv my deceased fathor standing before me. His appearance exactly resembled that which ho boro iu life, ana, forgetting for the moment that lie was no longer in existence, I expressed my pleasure nt seeing him, and ventured to ask bim for some slight pecuniary assistance. Almost before i had lime to finish my request, the phantom, or whatever it was, hastily vanished ; nml another unexpected visitor npi>carcd iu tho sha>e of ouo of my aunts, who (lied many years ago uuder rather melancholy circumstances — having lost her life from the effects ot injuries sbo recoivcd duriuga short scuffle' for a scat in a chapel with another old lady belonging, like herself, to a scct'known, if 1 remember right, as the Yarmouth Bloaters, or somo such name (uiy memory is not so good as it was formerly). However there was iny aunt, looking sad nnd stern as of old ; aud 60 jtarfcct was the illusion tliat 1 almost instinctively nsked her, as 1 hntl asked my father, for the loan of a few jxiunds. To iny surprise, she too made a hurried departure, gliding, so far as 1 could make out. from the north to the sou'-sou'« west corner of the room, and disappearing through the wall. Ovurcoinc by this second visltatiou I appear to liavc become inscusiblc, for f remember nothing more ; but my cook tuid mo on the following morniug tlmt she heard the noiso as of a heavy body falling, nl>out the time the ghosts appeared. A chair was also found broken in tuo room, and some trilling articles of crockeiy was smashed." IIolloway's Pills andOintment.— Dur ing piercing wiuds aud excessive variations of temperature every one is more or less Liable to internal mid external disease. Throat, chest, liver, towels, kidnoys, nml skin nil suffer in soino degree, nnd may be relieved by' rubbing in this Ointment, aided by proper doses of Pills, for administering which full directions accompnuy each! box ; in truth, any one who thoroughly masters Holloway's "instructions" will, iu- remedying disease, oxclinugc the labour of nn hour for the profit 'of n lifetime. All bronchial, pulmonary, and throat disorders require tlmt tho Ointment should to thoroughly well ruhtod upon tho skin twice n dny with great regularity, con siderable briskness, mid much persistence, IIioiifields Divisional Board.— The nomination of two members to servo on ibis board, in tho room of Messrs. M. Tanscy nnd T. Bowdon, resigned, takes placo to day, nt tho board's office, Highficlds, up tili 4 o'clock, p.m. Recovery of the Lost Boy at Crow's Nest,— We have received somo particulars in regard to n toy named Gonlu, who was lost in tho bush at Crow's Nest, on Sunday lnst, nud who has happily been recovered on Wednesday last, very Jittlo tho worso for his several days' want of food. It appears that on Sunday .morning, the 5th inst., three brothers, sons of Mr. Joseph Gould, of Crow's Nest, went out together kangaroo-hunting, and at 10 o'clock, one of them, a little fellow about eight years old, expressed a wish to go homo, nnd left the other two brothors for that purpose. On desccuding a bill he ap pears to luive taken a wrong traek, as is fre quently done by older persons under such circumstnnccs, nnd got lost. On tlio other hoys returning homo they did not inform the father of tho lad having loft them, until about f> o'clock in the evening, when his non appearance created somo anxioty, and the father immediately went in scorch of him. lie was absent for ntout several hours, but returned without having obtniucd any clue as to tlio whereabouts of the youthful' wnndcrcr. Early next morning Mr. uould reported the matter at the rolica Station at Crow's Nest, where the news cauBcd a great deal of ; ex citement, 'and a search party was at once organized by Constable M'Carthy, while a ; message was despatched to Emu Creek head station, there to report the disappearance of tho boy. Betweon thirty and forty men, in cluding several native aboriginals, as well as the white population, scoured the country in all directions during the whole of Monday and Tuesday, but without finding any traces of the boy, beyond somo tracks. There is attached to the Crow's Nest Polico Station a, voir intelligent blnck-trackcr, named Jockey, and early on Wednesday morning bo sepa- rated himself from the romaindor of the search party, and, in the most sagacious manner, followed up tho boy's tracks, and at length found 1dm, on tho samo afternoon, at 3 o'clock, in a red sand-stone gorge — a place where few but himself had ever been before, as the country is terribly mountainous, and utterly useless as far as grazing purposes arc concerned. When found, tho Jittlc fellow had formed a pillow of a log of wood, and had made himself a grass bed, nnd had evidently reconciled himself to romainin this weird and isolated spot. The tracker took charge of the boy, nnd carried bim back to (Tory's Nest, and, on the parents recovering their lost child, their feelings can bo better imagined than described. Mr. W. H. Bro- die, J.P., the Superintendent of Emu Creek, nnd the Hon. Gilbert Primrose, oxorted them selves to the utmost during the whole of tho search, finding men nnd horses to take part in the search, nnd doing nil in their power to render every available assistance they could think of. Mr. Primro60 wns so well pleased witli tho sagacity nnd intelligence of the blackfellow in following up tho very slight tracks of tho boy in his wanderings, that ho has resolved to make him a handsome present in acknowledgment of his services. Mr. Primrose informs us tliat ho himself went down the creek, nud pissed close to the snot where the toy wns found on Monaay lnst, but ho lmd not reaehed the spot then. Tho lad was bare-footed, and, toyond show ing tliat tears had plentifully flowed, lie did not seem much tho .worso for his exposure, from Sunday nt 10 o'clock till the following Wednesday at 3 o'clock, during tlio wholo of which time ho wns without food. Emu Creek was the first water tho toy luid reached, nml apparently he had made up his mind to camp close to it. Tho place where he was lost was surrounded with tremendous ; brignlow scrubs, and, should ho have entered one, he never could have toon found alive again, but must have inevitably been forever lost. New Coal Trucks and Refrigerating Cars.— Wo had nn opportunity yesterday, through the courtesy of Mr. Thompson Edcii, of the Locomotivo Department, of inspecting somo new lioupcr-wnggons for carrying coal, manufactured in anticipation of the comple tion of the branch lino from Oxley to South Brisbane. The waggons arc, as their name denotes, hopncr-slmd, wide at tho mouth, and narrowed in toward the bottom. They arc made entirely of hardwood, with iron fittings. Tho bottom is fitted on hinges, with a key fastening, which when set free, and an iron rest unclasped by tho use of a lever on the sido of tho truck, the waggon, which is run out by means of a travelling frame, over tho hold of a vessel, empties itself of its load of some six tons of coal, without the least labour, save tho attendance of one mnn to nndo the pin nnd push the lever to unclasp tho bottom of the truck. The waggons were mado by Messrs. Griffiths Bros, of tiiis town, and seem to be well put toge ther. We also saw two of tho large Tiffing Refrigerating Cars, lately imported from the United States, for use between Roma and tlio intermediate towns to Brisbane. Tho toly of the carriages is 30ft. long by 7ft. high, above tlio fmmo in which the locomotive power is fitted. . Tho walls, roofs, aud doors nro double eased, nnd tho joints of tho doors arc lined with india-rubber to inako them air tight. There are threo chambers to net as ventilators on oithcr sido of tho cars, tho nir channel runuing the entire length of the care,, and tho ends being covered with brassnetting. These will be kept open, during tho journey,' so as to keep up a constant current of cool nir. The icc-chcst is on the top of the care, running tho whole length of tho roof, nnd is of galvanized iron, well-slmpcd, and being 10 inches in depth at its deepest part. There are three openings on tho top of each car, through which to charge tho ice-chcsts, nnd: two waste pipes carry' off tho water as it melts from tho icc-chcst. Tho cars are both built of American pine and ash, and arc fitted upon two pair of four-wheeled bogies. There is a brake on each of tho cars, which grips tho whole of the eight wheels, nnd appears to to very efficient. Tlio cars were made at tho Gilbert and Bush Company's Car Works, nt Troy, Now York. 