ROYAL PRINCESS THEATRE. ME. DEWHURST AS " HAMLET." Shakespere's tragedy of Hamlet has perhaps given rise to more controversy than any other play which he has written, ami whether Hamlet assumed a madness or really was mad has been tha '.heme of many an essayist's pen, anil all the leading actors of the past and present days have striven to convey in the main either ono or the other idea. A celebrated critic of the play considers that Shakespero altered during the progress of the writing the plot of the piece, and that his first conception was never carried out, that he was, early in the forming of tha piece, turned aside from his first purpose, and that thenceforth ensued a complexity in design, which wraps the true condition of Hamlet's mind in so much mystery. As the same critic points out, Hamlet, after his return from the shipwreck, seems to have abandoned all intention of the purpose to which he had sworn himself. This, it is contended, would prove that Hamlet'3 reason had, to some extent, forsaken him. Another explanation has been furnished that the author, supposing Hamlet's mind to be awfully impressed by supernatural convictions, represented him *' as walking howildered through life, his thoughts subject to strange impulses," and that whilst ho would sometimes act as with an aim clearly in view, would relapse, aud seemingly act as ono "with a dark, confused vision," reckless and despairing. Thus it is apparent that Hamlet's mental conditiou is open to many conceptions. Mr. Dewburst renders the character in the spirit which may aptly be described in the words of Polonius, ''Though this bo madness, yet there's method in it." His introduction to the (audience shows him to be lamenting the death of his father aud the inde cent haste of marriage between his mother aud his uncle, An absorbing grief possesses him in these scenes, and is only changed at the inter view with the shade of his father, for the alteration necessaiy by tho oath he haB taken to revenge the murder of his parent, His lilies I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, All saws of books, all forma, ull pressures past, That youth and observation copied them; And thy commandment all alone shall live sulficiently points out his future course of action, aud Mr. Qawhurst appears to be guided by the course thus indicated. His interview with Ophelia when he observes Polonius in hiding, his question of his disbelief of his words are such as show him free from a mad condition, and Mr. Dewhurst strives to shovy this in the lines of his address to Polonius, " They fool me to the top of my bent." Tho play scene also affords him a grand opportunity for a defiuite display of saner qualities, and again in this sceue he gives proof of the feigning of his mad ness. His succeeding scene with his mother i3 divested of the air which it might be presumed would accompany madness, and the succeeding scenes at tho grave, And the bout with foils at the close. Mr. Dewhurst's rendition of the cha racter of Hamlet must bo regarded as a very line one, and the acting throughout was intensely powerful. The sceue with his father's shade was full of dramatic power, and the in tensity of feeling was shown in the oath of vengeance. The lines wherein he commences to reve.il the secrets of his companions, aud then suddenly turns off to another thought, was excellent. The scene with Ophelia was also very fine-the quick transition from trust fulness aud love, to doubt, and disgust-being very clearly portrayed. fha play'scene was also another line Jp.iece of acting, the climax heiug workeil with an effect which thrilled the audience to a pitch of almost i^ncontrollahle excitemont. The lines before the interview with Ophelia, "To be, or not to be," \yore rendered with a fund of thoughtfulness, showing how the miud dwelt upon the question at issue. The soene with hia mother waa another most powerful piece of acting, the lines especially, " Look here npon this picture, and on this," being given with fond remembrance, aud anon with startling vehemence, which chimed well with the situation aud relations ot Efamlet towards his'mother, anil was perhaps as power ful apiece of acting as any throughout the'play. In the grave scene we saw sorrow once more overcast tl\e brow, and unutterable grief possess him upon the death of Ophelia. The last scene \v"38 also given with force,aud his death a very artistic^clojing to an unusually effective performance, 'i'here may be doabta as to the view which Mr. Dewhurst takes oi the character of Hamlet, but there caunot be any two opinions of the magnificent representation of the part at hia hands. It ranks with his performance of Ilichelieu, and we hardly know to which to award the palm ftir grandeur of perception and execution. Mr. Dewhurst has been seen under circumstances which have nQt been .-.1 together favourable to him. To do juatioe to his performances, ho should have sup port, whioh is probably only obtainable in larger cities. The rendering is s2holarly, and his merits would appear brighter when sur rounded by thorough exponents of Shiki3pear ian characters. Wo say this much not out of any feeling that the company was incapable, but that tho circumstances and sqr voqhdiiiys under ?'s?hiuh tl»S P>rw* were taken were really hardly favorable tq a compltt; representation of Shakespeare's pieces. Mr. Dewhurat is n great artiit, and we can con gratulate ourselves that he has done us the honor of visiting us. Of the other oharaoters Mr. Cathcart enacted King Claudius. ilu per formance was a very good one, and his soliloquy, " Oh my offence <s. rank,'.' wag delivered with sane cower, whilst ih'o gloom "h'Oi1. it supposed would haunt a guilty njind"i!S5}"Tf«|j' &sttl;»ed. £.s uaeen Cjertradp, Miss Plora Anstead wa3 stately and maieat'je. The principal coene vrqs tlnf wjth i^amlct ia the chamber, and in t'uia niuoh pov?ar was dis played by her, the close of the scene being es tremely effective, As Ophelia Miss Douglas gave o very fair rendering' of the character, coma parto. being .acted with muah ability. Mr. Ireland had a icontjenial .part. a» Laertes, and hia outbursts were , delivered, with 'good elocution effect; the scene with the King and Hamlet at the grave, although short, was excellent, ami displayed ilia well-known merits fl9 a good student of Shakespeare, Hia ghost vrna al^o a good representation. Mr, Joyce asjPolonius, and Mr Bjrne as Jloratio, -ere very fair, whilst Mr. Foley as the graredic^er, was also gooii, and the other characters were fairly rendered. Some hitches in the scenery were again coticeaTjie last evening, which was attributable to the carelessness of the prompter. Ill yesterday's issue we condemned the stage, manager for his want of supervision. Our remarks unintentionally ca3t reflection upon Mr. G. R. Ireland, who it appears though nominally iu that position, is in the present season absolved troni the practical working by reason of his constant appearance as an actor, and the duties are entrusted to the prompter. To-night Mr. Dawhurst appears for the last time, when a great double bill will be given, and two of Shake speare's pieces produced, viz., "The Merchant of , Venice" and " lvatherino and Petruchio." On Monday " Queen's Evidence" is to be pro duced. 