POLLING— THIS DAT. The chief interest in the elections is to-day centred in the West Sydney and St. Leonards nomination and the polling for South Sydney, Bahnain, Newtown, Paddington and other places. The greatest interest is undoubtedly evinced at the polling for South Sydney, where the strongest -possible feeline is shown, in consequence of the candidature of his Worship the Slayor and Mr. John (late alderman) Davies. The crushing defeat which Me. Davies yesterday received at the hands of the ratepayers of Cook Ward may be looked upon as a pretty good guide as to Ms chance for the general election of to-day. The probable victors in this ward will be — His Worship the Mayor, Mr. Olliffe, Mr. Withers or Poole, and Mr. Burdekin. It is not thought that either Mr. Davies or Mr. Carter has the ghost of a show. For Paddington, Messrs. Trickettand Butcher are the favourites : and Messrs. Copeland and Gibbs for Newtown. For the varions other places where polling; is taking place to-day, it is thought that the Ministerialists nave by a long way the best of it. There has been, considerable activity from a very early hour near the polling booth at Belmore Park, about which some of the candidates are to be seen evincing great interest, and one ortwo of them looking exceedingly fagg-ed and careworn, for they know they have little chance of re-election. Squibs and cartoons aro flying about pretty freely ; but excellent order is being maintained, and although there is a considerable body or ponce on tno grouna, -cnere is utrae or no neeu ior their services. The voting during tho whole morn ing has been brisk, but shortly after 12 o'clock it rapidly increased, and a great rush of the working men was expected after 1 o'clock. It is said' that i Mr. John Davies had received the promise of a Catholic support as well as that of the Good Tem plars, but all creeds and organisations f ail in thaface of strong 'public opinion, and when the liberties of the subject are at stake ; and we have too good an j opinion of the electors to believe they will allow { themselves to be led by the nose in this way. _ At the variouB other places mentioned the polling is being conducted in a most orderly manner, and the results so far as known will be published in our third edi tion this evening. 