AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA Albury's comedy of Whoro'a tho Cat has kept the stage at tho Princess's Theatre during the week to indifforont houses. Tho piece is in no sense entertaining, and most respectable people object to the gilded nastl nesa with whioh it is repleto. Its withdrawal is announced, and it will bo succeeded by tho Ticket of Leave Man. The cast will bo a f.nl PI-.ilil v nf.t-rtTlff firm lwf t.ltn mnin Jntnroot nf_ tachablo to tho performance of this much hackneyed drama will bo the assumption by Misa Lee of tho part of Sam WiUoughby. Surely tbo losaees havo not come to tho end of their novelties, or Misa Lee exhauatod hor rtyerloire of the latest plays, that old stock pieces should be had recourse to in order to keep tbo pot boiling, Mr. Marshall, who, with hia company, con duced a moBt successful season in Sydney on Saturday night last, opens this evening at the Bijou in the Mother-in-Law, tho title of which is indicative of tbo comic nature of tho pioce. This popular artist will bo welcomed back to Melbourne, whero he has always been an iin monse favorite with playgoers. The Mastodon Ministrols have mado a palpable hit at St, George's Hall in their variety entertainment. Miss Pomcroy is reported to have created a sensation in Ballarat by undertaking tho impersonation of Hamlet. Judging from tlio local press hor offorts were highly appreciated, and in many respocts bor rendering of tho part was conspicuously moritorlous, Tho Ballarat Courier, who3O critlolsma evince impartiality and aarc, commenting upon her performance, Bays : — ' Although not possessed of a full toned voloe to give tho language tbo charm some tragedians invost it with, Mias Pomeroy throughout spoko with such a nice apprecia tion of what sho was saying that evory 6en 1 wjjuu *vua uttwuuu wj wibu pleasure, ono was j admirable in caoh aot, but moro particularly won tbo approbation of her audience in tho chamber scene. In thi3 sho played with so much force and offect that tho audience was j enthusiastic in its applause. Here too aho made an excellent point, drawing a comparison between tho miniature worn by (Hamlet and the Queen respectively of tho dead King and his oountorfeifc presentment. In the more uuuuubo ijiusm;i;a ivjuga jromeroy s renuicion was suporior to any other witnosaed horo for a long period. At the close of tUo potform&neo; slio was callod before tho curtain nnd loudly cheered.' Tlio following was tlio cast upon the occasion :— Queen Gortrudo, Mrs. E. W, Lawrenoe ; Ophelia, Mis3 Alice Deorwyn j Osric, Miss Blanche Lowis; tho Player Queen, Misa Florenco Lewis } tho Ghost of Hamlot'e Father, Mr. W. J. Holloway } King Claudius, Mr. Stuart O'Brien ; Laortoa, Mr. Arthur El \iot ; tUo First Gravodiggcr, Mr. G. P, Oaroy ; Polonius, Mr. Edwin Palmer s tbo First Aotor^ Mr. Hugh Power; Horatio, Mr. R, A. Vcr non j Itosencrantz, Mr. W. E. Bornard ; GuU donstera, Mr. S. D. MacGowan j Mnrcollus, Mr. J. H. Costollo ; Bernardo, Mr. Cyril Wil ton ; tlio Second .Gravediggor, Mr. D. C. Smith j tho Second Actor, Mr. E. K. Neville ; Francisco, Mr. O.E. Newton, Mr. HoUowayla Ghost was, las might havo been' oxpeofcea, of groat -merit, Mr, Arthur: Elliot's .LRortoV was. a 'splendid- performnnooj 'Mim :AlI«o Doorwyn took th» partoj OphdU very oredil.' ably, Mr. Stuart O^Brion, Mr. Oarey audlirV ' Vornon may alao bo mentioned favorably, :On being wiled 'before the curtain at tlio conoid aion, Miss Pomoroy thanked tho audionoe for tlio kindness and forbearance shown towards her. . Sho then prcaontod Mr. Holloway with a gold looket, the recoipt of which he suitably acknowledged. Mr. Pauipier hits been experiencing varied ' fortunos in tho colonial of late. He appoarg tu havo a ' fad' for producing a certain claas of pieco3 which do not Always find favor with the public Thus the Vagabond's ploces au4 Uussla Aa It Is, provod highly remunerative in Sydney. In Melbourno the latter was simply tolorated. In Adolaido, No Mo?oy, by tho Vagabond, had to be withdrawn, nnd the Black Flag substituted after a very briof. cull. Tho author, it appoara, has written to ono of tbo local papera expressing tho utmost thank f ulnoss to tho public for tho groat success of big drama, and intimating inter alia that ho dotsi not debase hia mind by reading thoatrical or society journals. Tho point involved in this confession is obvious. Tlio latter aro too plain spoken, and possibly in ostimating the literary valuo of tho piece, nnd the dramatic talents 0/ tho author, those journals wcro rudo enough to call a spade a spado. Tho Queen's Theatro, Sydnoy, waa closed by tho authorities on Monday night last under somewhat aggravating circumstances. An eminent tragedian, Mr. W. E. Shoridan, had been performing Shakspearian parts with con siderable tcldt, nud had announced his inten tion of giving a matiwlc performance for the liistrionio benefit and delectation of profes sionals only on tho following Saturday — a faot which implies n certain amount of con scious powora not given to ordinary artists. Tho authorities of Sydney, in their wisdom, willed otherwise They concluded that the Quoon's Thoatre was not tonantablo or safo, and forthwith condemned it. Thoy nppear to do thoso things with a high hand in tho sister metropolis, Tho manager found himself poworlcss from tho moment tho mandate wa3 issued. Ho, howovor, allowed tho audience to assemble without charge, and having got them there ho unbosomed himself, Ho complained deeply of the hardship to which ho had been subjected, no Ie33 than tho eighty employh connectod witli tho establishment, in being thus suddenly deprived of their moans of subsistence. Tho notion of tho corporation .was no doub£ summary and therefore unnecessarily harsb, but we confess they deserve credit for disre garding private interests whero the aafuty of the public may become jeopardised. If the local board of health in Melbourne proved themselves equally solicitous in such matter^ to discharge thoir official obligations thero would bo fower complaints about our thoatres and the means of escape in case of fire than, * havo been of late. ? Mr. Eignold and Youth continue to flourish at tho Eoyal in Sydnoy. The season h»3 ' been both long and lucrative, and the pieco ia likely to keep tho boards for some weeks to como. Mr. Kellar, tho illusionist, has been performing at tho Academy of Arts, but ill* no3s lias Bomewhaf marred tho snocess of his ' season. Vanity Fair, by Mr. Ttcynolds, has been revived at the Gaiety, with only partial success. Messrs. Dunning and Wallaoo will aliortly arrive in Melbourno with a first class com- ? pany, including several Parisian artists. They -? commonco operations at the Opera Houio on the Ut Soptember next. Mr. Jos. Pickersgill appears to have con centrated his groat and varied abilities upon the show business. He surrendered tho tragedy queen, or olse sho gave him his eongi, and he is now touting for nigger minstrols, and enjoy, ing tho fino climate and other fine things of, California. Ho baa not forgotton his old Mel bourne frionds, and ho ovincos his perspicacity and duo appreciation of thoir wants by Book ing on thoir bohalf tho uervioos of su'lta'bfe Bonos and Tambora, with the customary Ethiopian trimmings. Shades of the mighty ,liaa it como to this ? Alas, poor Yoriok ! But thero seem to bo oven worse things than having Bio skull of a fellow of infinite jest knockod ovot by a olown'a mattock. Deoont sepulture is Surely proferrable to dangling attendance upoil a heterogeneous collection of unsavory Afrloans, whoso idoas do not soar abovo breakdowns', silly songs and joko3 moro nfllicting than an opldemio. However, we BhaU no doubt flee what wo shall see. Jos, ia a man of resources— mentally, we mean — aud having accomplished tho feat of purvoying for tho International Exhibition without decimating tho population ' there should bo no limit to his undertaking*. Wo observe by tho latest files that Mi*. ' Scott-Siddong has been doing good business at Manchester, Mrs.Xangtry goes to America noxt fall, and will probably return to Euyo'po fid Australia. This latter portion of. tho programme, however, has .not been . finally settled. Madame, Sara Bernlmrdt is also said to bo likely to pay our shoroa a visit.' We, however, givo hor credit for hotter buainess tact and moro shrowdncss than, to do so, moro ospooially if she is to rely mainly upon .hoe own powers f or attraction. ... 