THE HELBOUSVK MUSICAL FESTIVAL. (BY OCB SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. ) The first National Musical Festival hitherto held in the Southern Hemisphere has been crowned artistically with a laurel of success brighter than even foe moat sanguine of its promoters co nl d have anticipated. That a financial profit wonld result from foe under taking, probably no one expected, as may be deduced from the fact that it was found necessary on its inception to obtain guaran tees against loss to foe extent of over £2000. This was readily undertaken by over 80 wealthy amateurs and musical patrons, who will cheerfully pay foe deficit in considera tion of the immense impetus that foe festival has given to the advancement of foe Mimical Art m Australia. While estimating at its true value the loyal enthusiasm which the whole body of the musical profession has evinced, the invaluable support given by foe 1500 accomplished instrumentalists and amateurs who formed the Festival Choir and Orchestra, and, by no means least, the laudable public spirit which induced eveiy prominent musician, except one, to sink all petty jealousies ; foe honour and credit of the promotion of the undertaking must be assigned to its musical director, Mr. Julius Herz. This gentleman's original idea was to form a chorus and orchestra able to per form tbe great choral (9tk.) symphony at Beefooren, a work which has had bnt few performances in the world, and which from its sublime grandeur and almost insuperable technical difficulties, might . well tax foe highest powers of the ablest of conductors, the most skilled instrumentalists, and the most capable of choirs. Beethoven spent a lifetime in foe conception and elaboration of this noble work, which is based on Schiller's ode An die Freude, and while it would be beyond our province to attempt a technical descriptionof it, we may recommend the study of its composition to our country amateurs, as a musical education in itself. Abundant facility for such study has been wisely afforded by the committee publishing a "Handbook" to the Festival, a pott-quarto pamphlet of 130. pages, containing, in addi tion to complete information on all details of the organisation, a clever critical analysis, with illustrations in music-type , of the more important of the works performed. As an evidence of tire educational value of foe festival it is significant to note that the generality of foe audience at the festival . concerts were not mere sight-seers or holiday-makers, bnt followed, score in band, foe construction and performance : of all foe important works through out. The festival commenced on foe Satur day before Christmas Day with Sir Michael Custa's "Eli," a- work which had 'been previously introduced to Melbourne about five years ago by Mr. Hera, under conditions which evoked foe criticism "that it formed a standard for Oratorio performance hereto fore unattaiued, and by which all fa tore per formances would have to be judged." A long letter from Sir Michael Costa to Mr. Herz (which was published in part in foe Mel bonrne papers at foe time) pointed ont many refinements yet to be obtained, and that letter, wifoprevions experience and augmen ted battalions conduced to a more scholarly rendering last Saturday night. The immense Festival Band bad not, however, settled into their "stride," and it remained for the " Messiah night " to bring perfection among . foe wind instruments, especially the brass. 1 The Governor attended in state and formally opened the Festival with an effective speech, while Australians had their first foretaste of the overpowering grandeur of a gigantic chorus and orchestra in tbe performance of : the.' National Anthem. lie "Messiah nie-ht " on Christmas Dav was an event to be remembered. Half-an-hour before foe per formance began an audience of over 10,000 : people crowded every available seat of foe vast anditorinm, hundreds bring content with standing, room only, for nearly three hours, ' Every one knows foe story how the good old king George HI rose' frbm hisEeat at the first strain of the famous "Hallelujah, and remained standing till foe chorus ires finished, ; "in :homage," as he' afterwards said, " to the mighty genius of Mr. Handel." Needless to issy that the custom thus royally initiated, .obtained on this occasion, and foe effect was electrical. It was, as Mr. Haweis once cleverly phrased it, 'a-glimpse of the grert wMte .forpne—as if foe judgement were opened and Unhooka wereset." "And When the building reverberated with the last great " HaUeluja.il" shouted by foe 2000 organ- pipes and the 1500 voices and - violins, the audience broke forth into an artillery burst of cheers and plaudits, so great that it was with difficulty that, the conductor could repress the continued demand for its repetition. It is, however to he regretted foot although isolated portions of the work, andnotably all the choruses, were -admiraMy .rendered, 'yet -as a whole foe reading of foe oratorio wanted oontinnity. 33iis must he laid ntthe doorc! the conductor, Mr. Siede, who although, a .good German mntirian, hasneyertheless none of thoBe "fraditionB" which go" more than anything - to make dp - s tale Haadeliaa condncgnR This was capeciaUy noticeable dnfUira w attenk'!- sh a foa , chorasee' Gtorv to God," i hnd "He trotted - in God."- -The eokustai popular Miss Christian, the Australian soprano, Miss Rees, and the new bass, Mr. Gordon Gooch, sang perfectly. Besides the Beethoren symphony already enu merated, the shorter works performed embraced Mendelssohn's " Scotch Sym phony,7 and Mozart's "Jupiter Symphony," with a selection from Wagner's " Tann- hanser," V Meistersinger," and "Niebe- lungelied." The latter selections were con ducted by a young Professor, who accom panied the great violinist, Wilhelmj, on his concert tour, and who, on settling down in Melbourne,' has at once taken front rank in his profession. Trained as a pnpil in the school of the advanced exponent of "the tno&tc; of the fa tore," his use of the baton was a revelation to Melbourne audiences. It was as if the ghost of Pagan ini had been .afforded a respite . from Hades. With bis long flaxen bur aad pale Teutonic free, the weird appaiitional fury of his manner held his audience s pell-bound. His first essay was to conduct bis own "Festival March," written for the occasion. As the Germans say er scJi webte, "hebovered"overhis orchestra ana aaaressea nunseu so persistently aau individually to the varied instruments in their due coarse, that he appeared to play each one with the magic tip of his con ductor's wand. As be said to a friend of mine (and yon may take it for vanity or the humility of a trne disciple, a & yon will), 41 To understand me, yon mast first go through a long coarse of Beethoven and then through all Wagner , and then yon may begin to examine my work !" Besides bis " Festival March," two new works saw the light at the Festival, one a rather doll collection of ' 'Songs of Praise" by Elsasser, and the other a pastoral drama called "Endymion," by Plnmpton. Elsas- ser s strength lies in tne ' good grammar ot his harmonic progressions, and be has been .hitherto famous as a clever adapter and Writer of part-songs for male voices to the commission of the Metropolitan Liedertafel, but he lacks that capacity for f ague-writing, which is the essentia! element of greatness 1 in choral work. Plnmpton's 4, Endymion " was a great success. Light, airy, tasteful, and tnnefnl ; it was embellished by veiy graphic and skilful orchestral illustration in the " Pjagan" method, and it contained, more over, several bright gems of vocal melody, and notably a trio for soprano, alto, and tenor. Efforts are being made to have it re produced at the Town HalL Both composers conducted their own works, and Mr. Plnmp ton (whose wife, Madame Tasca, officiated as organist for him) sustained his repatation as an able conductor as well as composer. The various miscellaneous songs and ballads call for no remark, since they might . have been heard with perhaps better effect in an acoasticaUy-constructed concert room. The Festival closed with the performance of Handel's " Israd in Egypt," on Wednesday evening. As an illustration of the effective power of the gigantic chorns, this was per haps the most fitting work that could nave been chosen, since it depended more than any other selection upon mastiveness and force. It was conducted by Mr. Julius Herz, and although the heavy work of the choruses following one another in rapid succession im posed a severe strain upon the endurance of tbe choir, yet they sustained it admirably throughout, and the result may be regarded as almost faultless. Mr. Armes Beaumont achieved bis greatest success of the week in the celebrated Bravura song " The Enemy Said." It Is probably themost difficnltdraouni in the whole range of oratorio, and has been successively made famous by Mr. Sims Beeves, Mr. Vernon Bigby, and Mr. Edward Lloyd. Yet it is no hyperbole to say, that Mr. Beaumont's interpretation was worthy to take rank with that of any of the three virtuosi named, and it is simply marvellous to see bow this veteran oratorio ringer can phrase with the most exquisite accuracy and intonation, the most intricate and frying passages that the Handelian <c run" presents. The marvel is only truly to be estimated by remembering that he sings entirely from memory, and under tbe Bad disadvantage of almost total blindness. Again and again the audience " rose at him" in their desire for a repetition of tbe air, but again and again was he obliged firmly to decline the proffered honour. The celebrated ' Hailstone Chorus " was received with almost as much pDtfinciagw aa the ' Hallelojah." It gathered much force from the masterly accompaniment of tbe organist, Mr. J. Sum mers, whose prowess as a pedalist are un surpassed in Australia. When Handel used to perform his " Israel," be used no . orchestra, but accompanied tbe ringers on "the organ himself, and improvised wonder fully graphic illustrations of the scene. Had tbe great maestro heard Mr. Summers' illus trations In that manner, on the occasion in question, he wonld at least have been satis fied that much of the mantle of his spirit bad fallen on the modern organist. The committee made a very wise selection in appointing Mr. Summers to this very important post, for next to the conductor foe " Israel's " valae depends entirely on the scholarship and taste of foe organist, and with Mr. Summers' Cathedral training and English oratorio traditions lie rendered foe service required with consummate ability ; whilst Mr. Herz never conducted more ably in his life than he did at this last concert of the Melbonrne Music Festival. Tbe total expenses of tbe festival bare been over £4000, bnt its lasting J value as an uplifting of foe whole plane of musical art in this country is incalculable. Whether foe initial undertaking, so boldly conceived and so admirably executed, will be succeeded by periodical festivals at intervals of few years, after the manner of the great festivals in England and Germany, remains to be seen. Bnt to those whose privilege it has been to be present at this foe first typical assemblage, foe debt remains of lasting gratitude to its promoter and musical director, Mr. Julius Hera. Nor is this the first time by a great many that he baa stirred foe musical world of Melbonrne. We mast remember that it was by his instrumentality and energy that we were introduced to " Lohengrin," " Eli," Wagner's " Apostles," St. Saen's " Gideon," and all the more celebrated musical chefs d'osucre of foe past six or seven years in Melbourne. If the English precedent is ever followed hereof rewarding great services thus ren dered to musical art, by a titular distinction, then foe musical profession and the Aus tralian public wonld ungrudgingly congratu late him on foe honour. " Baocalscbecs." 