Training Memos »Ov Monday Morning. The morning broke fine and cool, and work began at an early hour. Coffey's team was the first to put in an appearanoe, when Eros Btretched along for a sharp sixfuriongs ; the others were only exercising. Tyropean did some fair work on the tan and Band i track. Trevallyn and Hyaointh galloped five furlongs on the sand at a brisk pace. John Peel, Viking, and Junius went through some useful wo?k. The Ghost, looking well, iftnteraA Sir John Moore did similar work. Royal Consort and Viceroy were sent £p< working gallop. Sripio joined Young Alfred on the outer track the last time roiraa, which was done at a fair pace. Barmaid a brother was on the tan track. Guesswork, Bassauio, and Lulu had some steady work given -to them on the sand track. _ Band- albion cantered. Beaufort and Euolid went twice round the outer track. Skipper did half-paee exercise. Nubbles went five furlongs smartly. Sir Samuel only worked slowly. Marchioness and Nightmare did some good exercise, the former on the sand, and the latter on the tan track. Lucy worked, so did Songster, The Squire, and Blue Ribbon. Pilgrimage went a good pace on the outer track. Swiveller cantered twioe round the ground. Darebin and Terrible Billy, the former _ appear ing a little stiff, worked. MisB Jane cantered, so did Zambesi. Alert went twice round the tan at a good pace. Consie, on the outer track, went a serviceable twice round. First Love cantered on the tan, Hieroglyph and Gazelle on the outer track. Pawnbroker and Coriolanus cantered ; afterwards the former did some smart work. Bushman cantered. King Lad, Josephine, and Crystal exercised- t Fry- ingpan did a smart canter. Brilliant, looking fresh, went slowly. Hawarden and Huntingdon did a half-pace canter. Miss Stockbndge was sent along for five fnriongs. Jack, Skylark, the Snowden horse Salvage, and Pakenham exercised slowly. Man chester, Topsy, liberty, and Venture were : working, so were Prince George, My Lord, and Modiste. Loiterer and Pauli worked m com- ! pany. Cora did some half-pace work. , Attaohb and Chatterer cantered, and then | did a round on the tan at a smart pace, i I Larpent was on the tan. Aspen was walking about ; she seemed to move rather stiffly. Bosworth and the Patriarch colt had a couple of rounds on the sand track. Hyllus was practising over the. hurdles. Roederer, Corinne, and Will-o'-the-Wrsp ran a fast five furlongs. Commotion, Pell Mell, and Pollio cantered. King of the Vale did mode rate work on the tan. Tuesday Morning. This morning was a splendid one for the homes working. Mr. Dokin gave Darebin, the Derby winner, a strong mile and a half. He was accompanied by his schoolmaster, Terrible Billy, but when it came to racing Billy was lost. Sir John Moore could not hold a candle to Young Alfred ; but afterwards Star of the West and Diamond accompanied | the latter from the mile-post, but in them he ; found his masters ; at the same time, he did j a good performance for a horse of his class, i Zambesi and Pawnbroker ran a mile at a ; strong pace. Skylark did good work ; so did Hyllus. Aspen went through some moderate j work. She appeared to be in fine health. Lang sent Commotion, Pell Mell, Pollio, and King of the Vale a fair mile and a half. Viking galoped a mile. Wednesday Morning. There was some eood work done this morning, at an early hour. Tyropean did a smart six furlongs alone. 9 Guesswork and ; Lulu went a four - pace for five furlongs. Baron von Mueller had a long extender of three miles at a good canter, the last one faster. Bassanio accomplished half a mile at a good pace. Mr. F. Dakin gave the Derby winner Darebin, who had bandages on, some good work; this colt is looking bright. Fryingpan, with Magnet, galloped ' half a mile. Mr. Moran gave his team gentle work. Pawnbroker and Zambesi did a first- clasB once ronnd the tan. Pauli beat Loiterer and Brilliant in a sharp half-mile spin easily. 