/'itovelbt GRIT. ' A Story of the Put and Present ; of Ordi nary nen aad Ordinary things, la Orfll. ? ' iuut Ungnace, BY DONALD CAMERON. ADIBOB Of ' n» IBS JTOLDS Of *BH BHRMMT,' 'im.T»BWlTl« BEKD,' BTO. 11 Be rare thy tin irill find tbce out.' It in a beautiful belief: ? . That evsr round our hoad ire harming on luigel (rings/ ThoapiriUofthedoad. CHAPTEB. XII.— [ooKTiHOtD.) 11 Yen,' ht said,1 in ft tow tone ; ' it will be dangerous. If that side (iron isn't strong1 when the big one's gone, nothing can keep the atone up. Sec how it's cracked every where.' . 'Ton don't like Jack,' said Snicker Snlg 'I lore all men, ns becomes a changed man,' fetid Obadi&h;, sontcntipufily. ' I havo hod cause to hate him, and my nature has striven with ft; but I have wrestled with it and batomo the viator. Amen.' 'Yet,' \oon tinned Sniggles, 'he, has done muoh 'wrong to you. Bat for him yon would have converted and tnarriod that pretty girls Bertha White.' You' are fond of heir, nint' you, brother?' : ? , ? 'Speak not' of the nnholy longings of the flesh, brother,' Bald Obadiah, in a strange voioo. ' ' Ton have raised the rebellions Adam ,'WthIn inb. It is tms, she is protty. It is true I hankered after her in the manner of this carnal World. It is even true that her father is a man of monoyj but/O, Snicker. Sniggles! aro wo not changed men ? Have we not pat off the oilman and his deeds and entered upon the straight path. Bnt yon' have trouble! mo, brother, and I must pray.' : ? , It jmo nothing unusual tor Obadiah to kneel down and pray in' the levels ; and he hod such a name for plqfy with the men since he had been converted at a revival meeting, held by Matthew Biirnott, that they always refrained from laughing, at him ; indeed, his disciples often joined him. Some of the miners would langhingly remark that pray ing Vos easier, than work j but, notwithstand ing; they oftener Joined than morikod.* 'Brethren,' said Obadiah, loudly, 'I havo had a visitation. The sweet call of prayer : hath oome into my heart, and I besocch yon tor a few moments .id join me In solemn supplication.' Oometo the love feast! Oome.' There wasn't much demur. . It was nearly the' end of the shift, and. tho men were tired:' One by one they hud aside (heir tools, Bndkholt.bV.DbadiBh.' It was a strange picture; ' Above, below, weto the rocks tit by the faint light of tho candles, flickering in tho musty, misty air. The half-clothed' minors, begrimed with clay, seemed like the goblins we read of id German tales. Here and there a huge shadow stretched albng tho floor like the arm of a spectral giant reached forth' to seize a victim ; abd in tho dim recesses it seemed as if . ghouls and demons were lurking for prey in fliokering ebaaows. 'Afar off the clanking of the machinery sounded like the evil spirits of Morliri'atwork inchainB. , ? ObaaiaH arose from his knees apparently strengthonfeaV He glanced around in a sort of awe-inspiring way, -and then waved his hand.to command silence. 'Brethren, I -have wrestled and been ro freshod. Let tig now sing that song of praise that onr beloved friend Bnickor Sniggles has * written.' ' ' ; ' . '.?''?? ,:^ Instahfly, the miners arose and began to sing, led off 1-y Snicker Bniggles, whose .'nasal intoning was something 'amusing. Bat the effect of the different voices resounding in the cavern waB something like that which is heard in a great cathedral. ~ Some sang without, thought, it is true, but there were' others; with simple, earnest voices, who' threw all the intense longing of their hearts into the verses, BeekMg in music expression for their feelings. The 'hea'rt Opjpreesed' with «UrrbW finds in mnsielits'tenestYailefe;; ? 'w ' in pits mine of Ufa we work *nr way, Srinngijiclarkrisftt, ssfekutfffw lidSt— . ; 'libra of Heaven6Q-ido&siirwht;* -. ' . ' ; uulflltijali, Hallelntah, Olory, glory.'HiMojiili. In the rockB of error, Uurf and grey, . *Wc«iuk andjrics br night and dnv, . ? .' Soaking forbid that- hidden there. ' ' 'Lnstens O utira 1 ttnto our ptavcr^** ????' Halldnjdj, mUdnjsli. '? Glory, glory, HaHdnjah; 'GFujiiiig out* wfty uiroiucli I676U annci ? Ho'Utfit the ?' fatt',1 id death to mark ! WorldaB in danger «ndiMdow*na pain, O, l^nll'witliThTprrtenceonremilBTOBtelJi, f i - HaUdoJab/EUlaltriah. ??-' j- ???'. ? (Hory, glory^ UaUelnjah.' . - WhontWay- rtiiMifl over, tiewhistlai sound, Baiie ns-dorionn Ixnto IiigVor gronni. ?tetThy'**^'1 wlft ni to UwieaimS amend, Oreat Uanager,- to gtey thtf will nevercna. .? , : ; . ,. ? '.-EAHdnjih, Hilldojah. ? ,. , Otory, glory, HaUeinjab. ThB-Wld sbains^had hardly leased when Obadiah'fl hand again waved, and saenoe' again reigned. Then in place Of tile strains . «^t liafl echoed tiirongli the caves 'there \- soiiiiada-iuff'QiAttllsitisl^inos* ' *-v ' ' ?''?' ' ' ' ??ByeHtt«tt,n said *e, » toink weB ot what wehaVeSune.' Isnotetir life like- to o shift . ? intiiistmnef In tbe morning we' awake and come ioottr work arid pick and pick away in search Of gold,' with' only the light « feeble canaiestOBhowuBCur-way. 'As we work «o will «ur' wage 4-e. We drive, -drive, J6r 4he Bolden'^reef ,^and filail libw few find ?«. : Yet, breltlren,.it'tsihBre. tt inay be hidden Iff inassesWVoek.btititisthere.endthewfcy'toi it isfiirOBgh narrow arives, ana much labor is necessary to reach It: ' 'And then, brethren, after all Oar tog and' tronble the evening draws' apace, -and the wmsfleof the engine ? Tbe anchor h*s no intention togive oaence to : true ''rdiSon. He merely wishes to show the manner fit nitidi the moif sacred of ordinances are travestied by men of the (Hndiah Sireetcom lortrtann.. sounds teUing us it h time toiknook off Some give over work cheerfully, and oommit themselres onto the bage with perfast htppi ness ; tont others who Isavo not done well feel no trust. They do not look tor any bloated light above; they fear the frown of tho manager, and dismissal. Ah, brethren I may we so work-in the mtno ot life that, whan the signal of the Oreat Manager (bonds, wo shall take oar places in the cage of death, oonfldent of ascending from tho dim light of the dark mine onto tho glorious nouns above, where He will receive us with smiles, and pay onr wages. Yet another simile. Brethren, aro yc not also mines, and is not your master seeking in ye for gold, driving into- your hearts to find the prooious metal ? Hare yo allowed Him to find tha golden reef that Is within every man t Has Be not stood with out, day after day, knocking. Have yenot re fused to open to Him 7 Hm He not sunk into ysur&ewts; ezpntingto find doM, and instead fonrrdmerevalnBlessmallook? Ah, brethren I beware. He is long Buffering, bat his patianeo will not last for ever. ^ Be' will oome to jrou in fury, and cast you into the shaft that -is bottomless, whore -you shall be dashed to pieoes with the fall. Amen. Flee from the wrath to come ; flee from the blast that's In the rock, and will 'scatter you in fragments throughout the mine if yon do not fotreat into tho safe drive of religion. Brethren, let us pray.' ? ' lict us work,' said a dronff, angry voioo at tho tunnel, and William Brown,' Jack's friend, and ? tho manager -of tho Hesperus Extended, appeared. Instantly the devotees slunk away to their places, leaving Obodiah standing alone. 'What the devil do you moan Idling here,' said Mr. Brown, who had become a strong, bearded man, 'when yon ought to bo work ing.' ' We lad a visitation, sir,' was Obadioh's reply, ' and improved tho occasion.' 'Yes,' retorted the manager; 'Tve no doubt you've had a visitation of larinoss; it often -comes your way. I've hoard a good deal about tho style you have been going on lately, and I've mado up ray mind to clear you out, I wont have suoh men as you hindering round with yonr sanctimonious cant nnd unholy blasphemy. You're ruining the men ? ' ' Baving their souls,' said Obadiah, whoso eyes wore flashing in a very unsaintly way. 41 Saving jour oarcaso,' said the managsr roughly ( 'After to-day you quit the mine. Come on, men, it's time to knock off.' And he disappeared in the tunnel. The mon now flxed their tools in readiness tor the next shift, and proceeded to the drive. Obadiah, who seemed very crestfallen, lingered behind. Tho men did not oomo to speak to him. The young man ' who so stoutly stood up for Jack, however, conld hot help twitting him as lie passed. '. Hot,' said he, with a grin. ' Yes,' replied Obadiah, with a sneer, and, scowling at .the speaker, 'hot as it will be tor him and you hereafter.' ' We'll take our chance of that,' said tho other, and bo walked on with his mates to the shaft, keeping to the rails to avoid the water whioh flowed along. Tho oago had stopped, and those who stepped into it could sec; tar above, a glimpse of the blue sky, studded with a star or two. 'Where's Obadiah?' askod Snicker Sniggles, as the last cage was going np, and ho wob about to signal to tho man above. ' Here,' said a sepulchral voice, and Obadiah stepped into the cage. He was in a perspiration, but very white; indeed, as he took hold of the chain, Sniggles notiobd bis hands Bhake. ' What kept yon so long ?' ftBkod Sniggles. ' I had forgotten something' wbb the reply. One, two, three pulls at the telegraph cord, and away tho cage went, up; up, until it reached the light of day. CHAPTEn XIH. 11 The lightest straw'the balance turns ; Tho amalliHt mutch a waralionso burns ; ' The slightest step out of tho path, Loads to a day of doom and wrntli.' ' 111 tho mom of lifo, whon lore's onr dream, No shade in stare appears to be; But beyond love's brightdecolvlnfl glearJ, Lies life's dark, dreary, troubles sea.' The afternoon eon was shining upon Gritty Gully, bathing in its worm light the great goldfield of Gnt ; bat not the field we have seen in the past. Had the ghost of Janet rissn now it would not have reoognised the spot where its poor day met so untimely a fate. A great change had oome over Otit. ? Tho miners who had hod their being on Gritty Golly (hen, had 'folded their tents,' and 'silently fled away.' On the whole plain, there was not a tent to be seen; in their stead arose substantial brick and wooden houses. The street of tents had vanished; and in its place was a fine thoroughfare, in the midst of which the Gorrybwen hotel, a costly structure of brick aiid stone, lose, displaying a tower of considerable height. 'There were grooers and drapers, and banks ; in fact, ell tho signs of oivilisederistonce.even to the gaol, a granite and bride structure, that frowned over tho reserve — as the spot set apart as sacred from Hie intrusion' of brick, was called The gaol covered the site of what had been the' Camp' in Uie early days, where Mr. Banokum's enemy, tho Commissioner, lived. The remains of the great alluvial diggings could be seen in the milos and miles of yellow angrassed Bonntry ion every sido. -Another feature in the landscape told ot the groat change that had taken -place. The stocks of engines rose in every direction, telling of spots where shafts had 'beenBonk deep into the earth in quest of lotos. THe -field-was indeed altered. Tho sturdy alluvial digger was do more; his place was supplied 'by wretched fosiickers and Chinamen.' A new order of men had been created; the quartz minors. The once rest less hordes of goldseeken had cither settled clown Into quiet ojtizens, or gone off toother fields to pursue their c feverish life. In two respects,' however, Gnt had not changed; indeed, so for as these were concerned, they had become intensified. It was redder and: more glaring than ever. Save the dingy green of a decaying gum tree here and there, not a vestige «f verdure was to be seen. The denuded surface had' been ted .enough and staring in the past* .hut .now tho color was aggravated by the brick /buildings that arose everywhere. Bed dost, too, rose in clouds on 'the slightest motion, so that the inhabitants tad a. little more than their share of that ^oantam, dustt everyone is supposed1 ..to swallow during -their life. ?;? . i ..: In regard to drinkitig, Grit had in no fenannercihanged. ^ f^^^flg alonn its principal streetr^the Paraoe, as it was proudly called— Ha eye rested on a public-house every seoona building. ThcGarryowen was of course, the great hotel; but farther dbwn -the street .was : another, not much inferior, the .Patriot 'There was much plate glass about this hotel, and a certain air- of freedom and openness that well aooorded wifli the ides, of patriotism. And who, of all men, think you, was landlord ? of the Patriot? Who, bnt cur esteemed friend Sunakiim, the. greot'-tiiirjker, the mighly g*aker. There he stood at the door as large Ss lite, descanting npon thi political questions ofthflday. ieW changed but Tery little; his attire was «tOl loose and ?nuguicetul— great minds are not troubled - about . such trifling matten-*nd the mart of brandy Was upon his :facc. He was, however, a trifle' stouter,- «nu, on the whole, looked a more responsible and respectable person. Buhakbm had several reasons for standing at bis door. The primary one was that which prompts the spider to wait at the outside of his net to 'seise upon the silly flies that may everyone, and therefore it ?would be thought mean of anyone whom he saluted, not to-go within ond haw a drink. Then Donakum's oratory was of such a kind, that he must bo a hard-hearted, doso-fistcd wretoh, who refrJsod to 'shout.' There were no doubt, other reasons whrBanakam stood oataide; butths one is sufficient. Beyond taking his. drink at the bar, he did little inside. He had provided a fair temptress 'there, who was quito able to detain the flies, onoe he hod inveigled them past the doorstep. This fair oharmor was named Maggie— her surname no ono knew. Maggie was voluptuously beautiful, had soft olftufpskta, very taking, though prominont features! a splendid carnage; and glossy black faair which was dona up every day in a now and entrancing style. As shonevor doskred herself in favor of any of her numerous swains in particular, it maybe taken for granted that she was very popular. To many of thorough, hardworking miners, she was a sort of 'revelation,' and their thoughts by day, thoir dreams by night, were about the beautiful siren. When the Orilty dully TntmpMaA fallen into the hands of Hector Maetnrns, and Bunakum was thrown again upon the world, his friends, Hector included, oamo to tho con - elusion, that above all things, ho was suited to beoomo a landlord. Under this impression they fixed him in tho Patriot Hotel, and ho frilly justified their good opinion. Ho talked bombast with his customers all day, and at night drank until consciousness was lost, when his able manservant trundled him off to bod to Bleep away the fumes ot brandy. So Bunakum lived and prosporod, and mado money, although it was evident from his way of life, and the quantity of ardent spirits ho drank, thai on insurance over his life would not be a safe ono. How he had managed to last so long was a wonder even to his frionds. 'Gentleman,' said Bunakum, solemnly, ' There can be no doubt the present is ono of the great crisises of Grit. Do I not remem ber that glorious era when the Gritty Gully Trumpet was established, which drove the tyrant of this fioid, tho Commissioner, off the plaoo, and made him eventually resign his position? And now lio returns to seek yonr suffrage! — tho man who trod upon you in tho days that are past. Gentlemen, if ho is clooted, I humbly beg you to have ma buried in Iho deepest grave in tho Book Crook Ceme tery; there let mo Test In peace. Death sooner than disgrace. How can I live and see this villain triumph over the men oi Grit. Ho is of that party whioh would hound yon down. Ho is a nomineo ot tho squatters. Such men as ho shut op tbo lands which we should have had. Why have not I a piece of my native oarth? .Beoanso they conspired against me, and drovo mo into tho public line. The oligarchs did it, gentlemen, the vile oligarchs. ' Thoy've swallowed us up, and he's thoir took Down with him, oi bury me I And who stands against him? Hector Macinnis, gentlemen, tho noble Hcotor, who has championed your cause, who has made tho Gritty OuUy Trumpet respected through ont tho land. Ho must be roturnod, ' Ah,' continued Bnnaknm, noticing a group ap proaching, ' How are yon, Jack ? (Had to sec you, gentlemen.' . The group consisted of a nambor'of young miners, who were . taking a stroll down the Parade before going oil tonight shift. They were all Btrong, handsome, manly follows ; but the centre figure was the most striking. He was a strong, but gracofully-formod young fellow; rather tall, but so splendidly propor tioned, that there was nothing awkward in his appearance. Hia faeo was open and manly, and was graced with a short brown beard, oriel) and curly. His dress — a white tightly-fitting moleskin trowsers, scoured with a scarf, and a red orimean shirt— sat off his finoly-formod limbs to grout advantage. Perhaps his greatest attraction, howovor, was a very genial smile, that lit his' face like a gleam of nunshino, and roguish, pleasant eyes, whose twinkle wont straight to tho heart of everyone. This was nono other than our hero, Jack. Few young maidens with hearts to let, could resist this same attractive young fellow. Jack was. oh 'pretty fair terms with his father, although ho did not live with him. Tho great sorrow of his early days' had been washed away by the waves of time, and, save an occasional .fit 'of sadness, when he passed the epotMicro had been tho tent in which his mother had come to so terrible an end, now occupied by a splendid store; or when he gazed on her lowly grave in tlio now unused cemetery— for a now ono had bean formed about a mile out of town — there was no recol lection of the past.. Somo people said he was a sad dog, very fond of womankind, and very much in love with Bertha, the daughter of ftp rich. quartz miner, Mr. Whit*, who was now the wcaUhicst.man on the goldfield of Grit. It rnajr.be mentioned that tho Patriot hotel had three distinct missions to fulfil in Grit. There was, first the' bar, which was indiscri minately tho gathering ground for loafers, politiciiins.andthegoneralpublic — particularly the young and impressible, who came to gaze od Maggie's charms. Then there were two snug parlors, where young men could play at that fascinating and CBsentiallyGritty gamo, ' Yankee grab 'for drinks, and money, if -they liked, while smiles of Magpp tolly mode up for the lover's sorrows. Behind this there was a select room, where gamblers of higher degree In sin, we mean, assembled -daily and nighUy to loo and be loood, varying the entertainment with .poker, hazard and the like. There was also a billiard room, and a large hall where the boarders dined, and where great meetings wore held. .Bunakum hod a speciel forte lor pujph gain w the estoblisbinent, it may well be imagined he did not let the institution die put. -..--? ? ..-: . i, ? .. . : ? . ? Beaders cf the Bible will remember a passage where a wise -captain divided his troops, so that if the adversaries escaped one or two companies, they were sure to fall into the hands of the third or fourth. Upon these principles, Bnnaknm prooeoded. Thou who escaped the bar, were seized by the little back room (mdJTankeo grab; .those who passed through the bar and Xankee grab ordeals .were certain to fall into the ' select room' and loo; so that none escaped. A judicious division of tones is of incalculable value. But what was to be done with that rapidly-increasing section of adversaries known as the teetotallers, who, thanks to the ontiring efforts of Obadiah Bweetcomf ort, were becoming a'power in Grit? The meeting- hall esugbt tdem, se that every adversary was properly provided for. .. ,-.- It maybe as well to explain here, that the; temperance movement was originated in Grit by Obsdish's respected father. The publican party grew so strong, that it. strnck that worthy another party could be raised up in opposition, and be of value to the men who gave it lite. Therefore he formed' the United Sociable Sooiety Of Liquor Abominators, Gritty Gully District, of which he became the Worshipful Grand Honorable Worthy Head Master; so that he was known in Grit as ObafflahBweeto6mfbrtlE»a.,W.G.H.W.H.M. oftheU.S.S.O.L.A^G.G.D. This society, baving so much of moral weight on its side, lid become a power; -and the worthy founder thought himself booked for a seat»in parlia ment, when the incident we have alluded to occurred, and he was sent to the next irorld to start a '? teetotal society there. Great was the rejoicing of {he other party, who now thought their troubles over. Their gladness, however, was of short dura tion ; for Obadiah Sweetcomfort, jun., more than took his father's plaoe, and so Vigorously contested the battle, that throe letters were aided to his title, and he had already drafted out a Permissive BUI that made the publicans fairly shako in their shoes. Bunakum was the greatest opponent of this movement, which ho characterised as on attempt of tho Corn* missionor, although that gentleman had loft Grik— to interfere with the liberty ot tho subject. He throw tho 'grand old name of liberty' pretty «aeosssf ally in the faces of tho too- lotallors. His followers declared pooplo ware notripe for aFcrmissivo Bill. Noruoro they likely to be, so long as drinking habits wore encouraged by suoh mon as Bunakum. 'I hope, Jack,' said Bunakum, 'that you aro sound open tho question at issuo, which wul bo decided to-morrow. Never was there a contest so fraught with oonsoqucnoos as that upon whioh we have now entered.' . 'Always horning upon tho samo thing, old man,' said Willie Goderich, Jack's mate, a lithe, handsome, devil-may -caro young follow. ' You dopenS we're all with you.' . ?' Will you soo tho liberty of lha subject tramplodupon?' said Bunakum, stamping on the Ground as if liberty was beneath bis toot. 'No I' was tho reply. 'Will you soo tho oonntry ovorridon by proud squatters ?' 'Not' 'Will you bo bound hand and fool' by Obadiah Bweotcomfort and his water-drink, era?' 'No I' ' Talking of that,' said Willie, with a light laugh, ' I don't think wo should stand here and take a shingle off Bunakum's roof. What do you say, boys— a shilling in, and the winner shouts?' All assented. Jack did not like to hold out, but it waB ovidont ho would have preferred to have gone on. It wns with a sort of savago solf-vexation that ho followod the others. Ho was pcrfootly conscious that all his money went in ' grabbing,' ond that ho lived in a hand-to-mouth way, because «he hadn't strength to refuse. Ho know Obadiah had gathered money together by living steadily, and that he was in a far bolter position than himself. How could he ever hope to bo able to ask Bertha of old White, if ho went on in this way, spending more than ho earned, in tolly ? A follow could not eavo much on £2 6s. a week, but ho would aavo-lcsa if ho. in dulged in ' yankoo grab.' This abominablo system of 'shaking' and 'shouting' was ruining him. Bat, although he knew it was wrong, ho wont in, Wo often arc pcrfootly conscious we are doing wrong, but lack the power to hold bnok. Company leads us into evil, and wo seem powerless to resist. Thoro was also another reason why Jack did not want to go in. It was well known in Grit that Maggie was 'struck' on Jaok, Now Jack was vory impressible; and, al though his early fanoy for Bertha hod riponed into a passionato attachment, ho could not resist being loved by a woman, at whose toot all his companions wore ready to fall down and worship. A young man finds it very diffioult to resist the admiration of a protty girl. It was quite evident, when Jack went in, that Maggie mado an exception in his favor. In stead of casting similar smiles around, sho gave her sweetest to Jaok, and took his band. Willie. at once called for ' her bones,' which, of course, resulted in tho usual chaff. Jock wanted to have tho shako in front of the bar, but Maggie and tbo others at once demanded it should take place, in the littlo room. So thoy went in, and Maggie held Jack's hand and talked soft nothings to him, while the rest shook off. ' Savantoen's tho main,' said Willie, hand ing Jack tho box at Uio close of thojentcrtain ment. 'There, Jock, beat that, and let Maggie go for tho present.' 'I'll throw for him,' oaid Maggie, and she proceeded to dcxtcriously manipulate tho dice. Two sixes wore managed tho first timo, and tho final throw brought up six, at which thoro was considerable cheering. Then Willie at once proposed a .'dry shake,' that is, ono without drinks. Jaok knew himself booked. All his resolutions to givo up dice-throwing and cards were scattered to tho winds, and there he stayed a willing victim to the charms of Maggie and the dice-box. . Not but that Jack know ho was losing timo and money. . He knew it too well, but had not the power to resist, for it would bo unpleasant and unsociable.. How skilfully Moggie attended, to the com pany, and Jack in partioular; how carefully she saw that too many, dry shakes did not tako place. It is to be presumed tho fellows sat down oxpooling to win something, but in that. they wero disappointed. 'Tho houso' swallowed all the winnings, and a good deal moro. It is the case in all publichouso gambling, that the players rise up poorer than they sat down,, whiohevor way fortune may turn ; poorer in pocket, poorer in health. But they have been . amused. How intoutly Maggie looked at Jack tho while. She felt in hor soul that she loved him on nlic had never loved another man, and her affaira dc eaur hod not been few. _ How delightful it would bo, thought Moggie, as she. gazed on his honest handsome face, and sturdy form, to have a husband like him— in fact, to own iiim as her property. And Maggie did not think that was difficult.' She know Jack liked1 lier. Of course, there was the loye affair with Bertha, but then Maggie considered that Bertha's father was rich, -and would never dream of an alliance with the young miner, who worked in ono I of his best claims— tho Hesperus Extended. So, on the .whole, she felt very' easy. There was a slight divortinement when Hector Macinnis, Bunakum, and several other leading characters passed through to havo a look at the hall and see the preparations for tho monitor .meeting that was to be held there .that night. . There was a slight effusion of red in Hectors's face as he noticed Jock, and the Matter's countenance darkened.* Though years had elapsed, Jaok hover could forget the post as .regarded Hector'; that he was primarily responsible for what had occurred. And thoro always appeared to. be o shadow over this man. Honad aged vory much; he was grave and studious in appearance, but that might have been caused by the thought he had to give to that now groat organ of public opinion, the Gritty Gutty Trumpet* Still, neither he, nor. Jack could evcr_get rid of a feeling of bitter antagonism. Though Jack did not care sixpence about politics, he had entered into, the present contest with spirit, and taken up the side of the Commissioner, Mr. Miall, seek ing to obtain the votes of his fellow-workers against Hector. ,. Still tho play went on, and Jack lost, until his' last shilling was gone. Then he threw the dice-boi away from him in a sort of rage. 'I won't play any more,' said Jaclf, just as 16 heard thoBimakuro party, after examining the hall, settle down Jo a iamo of loo in the select rppm — TmrimapaL'. ,.'??' ''. 'Go on,' said Willie, '111 lend you some.' 'I'll lend you some, Jock,''.' stud Maggie, prcssinghis hand. . ?' . 'No, I won't borrow,' said Jock, with an unusnal firmness; 'I'll try my luck to morrow.''. ' . 'Oh, go on,' sold the party, 'we'll trust you.' '.?- 1 ?...'' ..'?,'. 'No,' said Jack, with a grim determina tion. 'Besides, it's time to goto work; it's after four.' . L . , . ,, nelnctaritly enough the party withdrew, and, after Jack had squeezed Maggie's hand, they departed to go on the night shift. 'Jack is going against me,' said Hector to Bunakum, just after the Utter had been looed for £4 7s. 6d. . , 'Yes,' said Bunakum, dealing the cards, 'but I don't think he can do much except amongst his own lot.' 'I wish ho had cleared out ot tlio district,' said Hector, in a low tone 'Oh, he'll bo cleared ont soon enough,' said Bunakum, dexterously turning up a truiap that suited his own hand. CHATTED XIV. As he walkod out oi tho Patriot hold and stepped into the reserve, Jack foil not a little savago. Ha knew that ha had boon doing wrong. Had he not timo after lime deter mined to givo up gambling. Had ha not seen clearly that be was losing ovoryllitng by his folly, and that ha would mako no progress in lifo if ho continued to lead so foolish and frivolous an eiistonco. Would lie allow Obadiah Swooloomfort to riso in position and become rich, whilo his Ufa was rotrogros sivo7 .Was ha not moro gifted, more popular f But there were the facts staring him in the face. As matters wont now, liu would noror be ablo to ask Bertha in marriage. And liis flirtation with Maggie — why, it was the oxoass of folly. Therein nothing that tends to dis tract tho mind more than tlio success of others, when oncssdf is going back ovorr day. Jock hardly saw a way out of this difUoully. Ho scemod to despair ot gelling sufficient strength to rosolutvly say 'no.' Besides, ha was very fond of fun and society, and found it very difficult indeed to resist their tempta tions. Ho was musing in this way, his ayes cast on lha ground, whon ha heard his namo breathed sofl'y, close to him. liaising his eyes, ho saw Bortha— not the shy, quoorly dressed girl wo introduced to the render, tend ing her flock at Gritty dully, but a fashionably ftttirod young lady. Hor face was round, hor features small, her, eves bluo and liquid. There was a certain aristocratic air about her that had boon acquired by living for years as. the aoknowlodged bcllo of Grit, and tho daughter of its richest oitlr.cn. But tho dear girl had not been spoiled altogether. Tliaro was Htill tho samo frank, fearless spirit in her eyes that had captivated tlio boyish fancy of jack, 'and nothing that was supercilious detracted from tlio mild beauty of that pleasant face. T)|p history ot these two souls slnoo lha discovery of tho goldfield of Grit, had boon singular in the constancy of their affection. Jack had continued to utragglo on, working away, and generally careless of what tho morrow would bring forth, while Bertha had linen in lifo with hor father. . She, who had often run about over thin goTdOcld after hor unrujy shoop, accompanied by Lassy, was now tha riohast lady in tha district. Her father, having beoomo a woalthy man, thought he could do nothing bettor than to send his daughter to a high -class boarding-school in gydnoy, in whioh city ho had himself lived cro ho sought hisfortunc at Grit. So Miss Bertha wont thither, and learned all tho ways of gentility, had fast friends amongst that class to whom she had looked up with muoh nwa in her childhood, the squatters; nay, her bosom friend had beau tho daughter of the gentleman whose sheep sho had herded. In many ways, she was dlsonchantod, and discovered that squatters ware like other mortals— no better, no worse. Bo, after learning munio, French, Italian, and tho like, Miss Borllia roturnod to Grit, a marvel of education, perfectly putting in tho shado all tho Misses who had attempted to rule in the very limited society tharc. Those, of course, rovongod thomsolves by rcflcolions upon tho low origin of Miss Bertha, but tboy mot with very unsympathetic hearers in the young beaux of Grit, who were attracted by Bortha's beauty, and her father's monoy. There was not a bank clerk in tho place who did not think ho ought to many Bertha. At ovary ball or party tho most frantic effort* wore mado to win hor heart, but tho young lady, although exceedingly fond of flirtation — what girl is not — made no sign. Indeed, had Bho been disposed, she could not, for her father kept a strict watch over her. Ho was proud and fond of his daughter, and, destined bar to become Iho bride of some gentleman, very different from those who now. fluttered around her. His chcrinliod plan was to dispose of all his interest in Grit, whon he had mado the num he had fixed upon, £250,000, and then to seek the shores of Ills native land, whore ho would find repose for his latter days, and a husband for tho daughter of his heart. lie meant that husband to be everything that was nonpareil. Ha would bo young, hand some, rich, good. And so he wont on dreaming. 