THE REVISED 'VERSION AND THE BAPTIST POSITION. The following paper was read by the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., at the annual meet ing of the Baptist Association on Tuesday, September 26 :— THE REVISED VERSION AND THE BAPTIST POSITION. Some of our brethren expressed their wish that I should prepare a paper on this subject. Rather hastily I promised compliance, without fully taking into consideration the amount of time which would be required to investigate the topic adequately. I do not claim to have exhausted this subject, and shall attempt only to place before you some of the more salient points. It was with much pleasure that we learned some twelve years ago of the inten tion to effect withadequate learning a new revision of the long-used translation of the Scriptures in common use. The wonder is that the English people should have been content to retain in use a version which had been prepared more than two hundred years ago, when tha revisers of that day were under such disadvantageous circumstances compared with the present time for effecting a thoroughly accurate revision. When the basis of the new revision was set before us it was easy to see that the result must necessarily be a compromise. So much of the old was to be retained as possible. Instead of the revisers being instructed to base the new revision on the principle of rendering the original Greek and Hebrew into the best English which our language admitted of, these learned gentlemen were hampered with the condition that they were to attend to another principle quite dis tinct from it— a principle admitting of grave dis parity from the line of the most perfect accuracy. Archbishop Whately has well said:— "There can indeed be no doubt that our authorized version and our Prayer-book (and, in a minor degree, Shakspeare and Bacon) have contributed to give some fixedness to our language; but, after all, the changes that have actually taken place in it are greater than perhaps some persons would at first sight suspect. For, though the words in our Bible and Prayer-book, which have become wholly obsolete, are but few, the number is many times greater of words which, though still in common use, have greatly changed their meaning. And words which have thus changed their meaning are, of course, much more likely to perplex and bewilder the reader than those entirely out of use. These latter only leave him in darkness; the others mislead him by a false light— Archbishop Whately, Bac Ess." I nevertheless hail with much satisfaction the advance toward perfection attained in the new version. There are many things in it I regret as significant of a temporizing policy, but on the whole it is an immense stride in the way of improvement on the old. It is singular that the suggested emen dations proposed by the American company of re visers were not more extensively adopted, but we nevertheless rejoice in what has been accomplished. Before passing away from these general considera tions it is well to call attention to the circumstance that while most of the larger denominations were represented in the company of the revisers, except the Roman Catholic, and that was by the fault of the Catholics themselves, yet one denomination — the Episcopalian— was preponderatingly repre sented. By the necessities of the case also in the present state of religious parties the Pedobaptist section of tie professing world go very largely in the ascendant in point of representation. There is another point. Not long prior to the launching of the scheme for the new revision under the royal auspices some of the gentlemen afterwards appointed as revisers publicly attacked Baptists as Baptists because of their persistence in believing and upholding at all times and everywhere that the one exclusive render ing of the Greek word is 'immerse.' Thus, for example, Dr. Trench, in 1858, when Dean of West minster, publicly wrote — "The so-called Baptists, of course, could not be invited to join the revision, seeing that they demand, not a translation of the Scriptures, but an interpretation, and that in their own sense." Dr. Angus was the only Baptist of the New Testament company of revisers ; but what was one among so many? So far as the Baptist question is involved I cannot look upon the tribunal of re visers as one devoid of preconceptions strongly in favour of Pedobaptist sentiments. I find solace in thinking it is not the highest or final tribunal. Of the twenty-five revisers who took a chief part in the work of revision it has teen stated there were seventeen Episcopalians, two of the Scotch Church, two Presbyterians, one Unitarian, one Wesleyan, one Congregationalist, and one Baptist. You are aware Dr. Angus, the Principal of my Alma Mater, is the Baptist here referred to, and Dr. Gotell, the Principal of the Bristol Baptist College is one of the Old Testament revisers. Altogether there were six preparatory revisions before the final one. In the second revision one-third of those present had power to retain any reading of authorized revisions, and two-thirds.to alter one. I am not finding fault with these regulations— wise rules, perhaps, under the circumstances— but it is well to see distinctly that final and all other decisions in this business was settled by a show of hands— by a majority of varying proportions. It may not be clear to all that we are, to no incon siderable degree, indebted to the action and enter prise of the American Bible Union— mistakenly called a Baptist Union— for our present revised version. I am aware of several .revisions having been made by independent persons ; but the work undertaken by the American Bible Union Society was the first of the kind on a large scale, and in which a considerable number of scholara and thou sands of Christians wete conjoined for the execu tion of an able revision. The late Dean Alford and Archbishop Trench hare specially noted the move ments of the American Bible Union, and I believe they and others were not a little influenced in their judgment as to the expediency of preparing a new version in England by what they witnessed in the way of revision on the other side of the Atlantic. There are a number of words translated in the new version which bear with more or less force on our position and constitution as Baptist Churches, which I do not feel called upon to touch on this occasion. Such renderings, for example, as relate to the office of mintter, deacon, deaconess, church, &c.; ; these renderings con cern _ Pedobaptist, Congregational, and Pres bjterian Churches an well as ourselves. In trie first place, there is the word ' baptize' every where _ in the new version as the rendering of ' baptize' No one expected the new version to contain the word ' immerse' as the translation of 'baptizo.' IndeedBaptistsarenotthemselvesagTiied that the words immerse, immersion, and immer sionist should be universally employed as our no menclature. We are, I fear, scarcely ripe for this as a body. It is too marked an innovation to con template the disuse of the words 'baptist,' 'baptize,' 'baptism,' 'baptisteiy.' I am well aware of the arguments employed on the other side in favour of these words being substantially the transferred Greek works. For the same reason we mi|£ht conttnd for the retention of the word ' bishop' instead of ' overseer.' Practically it was a foregone conclusion that the English revisers would retain 'baptize', and its cognates, seeing that Baptists were so meagrely represented on the Board. It is a matter of everyday usage that by the people at large^the modern word ' baptize'ajid ' baptism' is applied to *he action of s^iinkling as well as to the act of immersion. Witness for ex ample the word 'Pedobaptist' as designating child baptism, and the phrase *' infant baptism' as designating the sprinkling of infants. 1 must ex press my own personal connection that we as a denomination lose power in this matter by our ad hesion to the word baptize in placeof immerse, seeing that as a matter of fact the word is commonly used to cover both the acts of immersion and sprinkling. Among the Ang o- axon speaking popalations there are say ten million Baptists. We have quite three million actual members enrolled on our church books as professedly regenerate persons— men, women, and young persons — believers in the Lord Jesus Christ I am net without hope that the spirit of revision may so increase and prevail that at some future time we may, in the most perfect English our anguage admits of, and giving the most perfect ex pression of the ideas of the inspired original, possess a copy of the whole Scriptures. We do not want a translation according to the predilections of the Episcopalian deuoiuination, or of the Presby terian denomination, or of the Baptist denomina tion ; most certainly I object to the version which favours P« dobaplist over Baptist views. We want neither patronage nor favour for those views of Divine truth which we find in the Bible ; but I trust the ;time will not be long before the Baptists of the world will demand a translation which in the most perfect degree possible will give us the whole truth, and nothing but the tautb, of the inspired original Scriptures It is fair to add that other wordo for washing are more accurately rendered in the new version. ' Still I believe it would have been better to have substi tuted 'immerse' for ' wash' in Mark vii. 4, as the version of the American Bible Union renders it. In the Greek it is a form of the word baptizo ; the new version daces 'baptize' in the margin as the alternative rendering. Curiously in a similar pas sage in Luke xi. 3S, although there is a form of the same Greek word, yet the new version places ' wash' in the text, but omits ' baptize' from the margin. Of course there can be no satisfactory reason for this capricious conduct. So again in Heb. ix. 10, we have in the original the ordinary word for baptism ; but in the new version we have washing as the rendering, and no hint as to what is the alternative rendering. Of course the Bible Union version gives as the proper rendering ' im mersion.' As a further instance of the unsatis factc.y arbitrariness of the revised version trans lators they have in Heb. vi 2, placed ' baptism' in the text and ' washing' in the margin, although it is a form of the same Greek word. 'Thus as to th» special words descriptive of immersion the new version leaves the distinctively Baptist question where it was. I do not deem it needful to enter into any minute investigation of the use of the various prepositions that have long been discussed in the Baptist controversy. I refer to such prepositions as in, into, unto, with. The Greek language | is far more precise in the use of preposi- | tions than we are accustomed to. The new version is certainly a decided improvement on the old in the rtndering of the prepositions. Because, however, of the loose way in which we ! frequently employ prepositions, it is not easy to adopt one perfectly expressing the idea without circumlocution. For example, in Acts ii. 38, the new ? version gives it, ' Eepent ye and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ unto the remission of your sins.' The same Greek preposition here rendered 'unto' is rendered 'into'* in the great commission, Matthew xxviii. 19— 'Go ye therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptiz ing them into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost' As to the words of John the Baptist touching the Holy Spirit, the new version retains the prepositi n *' with,' giving in the margin as an optional rendering 'In' — 'He shall baptize yon in the Holy Ghost' The ' with' is of course fpammaticaBy allowable, but I think in this and similar cases is displaced with advantage by the word 'in.' Again, in the following pas sages the new version, while finding en inGreek, yet translates it by ' with,' putting ' in' In the margin, which order they certainly should have reversed— Matthew iii. 11 ; Mark i. S ; Luke iii. 16 ? John i. 26, 31, and S3; Acts i. 5, xi 16. I have already alluded to Acts ri. 38 ; the same Greek pre position is rendered 'unto' in Matthew SL 11 ; so too, it i3 not only rendered 'into' in Matthew xxviii. 19, as I have pointed out, but also in Romans Yi.3; 1 Corinthians i. 13, 15; Actsviii.16, xix.3,5. So, in 1 Corinthians xii 13, we have in new version ' unto one body;* ana in 1 Corinthians x. 2, 'unto Moses.' With retard to other Greek prepositions, the [new version gives, in Matthew ii£ 16, ' Jesus went up from (apo) the water ? in Acts viiL 38 39, 'They both wert down into (eii) the water,' and ' they came up out of (ek) the water.' In matters of controversy we have to recognise things as they are rather than as they should be. 1 he words of Christ—' Su£er the little children to ccme cnto me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven' ' —ought never to have been dragged into this con- i troversy at all But you know that in point of fact ! they have been made to accomplish more in the ' perpetuation of infant sprinkling than perhaps any other sentence of inspiration. In a negative direc- - tion this memorable passage is a strong protest against the baptism of infants as such, inasmuch as our Lord sent them awn j with his blessing, but un baptized. If any occasion could have been appro priate totb«rbapti3n,andh*dheapproved thereof - bis- was most assuredly the fit time. But Christ, ' by miking no mention td rtnitfrm, by laying his bands on them without baptizing them, surely indi cated that it was not bis will that they should be baptized. ; In Matthew xviii. & the aew version omits the definite article ' the' when it should have been inserted. In Luke xviii. 15 it sabrtitutes 1 ' their' for ' the,' and in the previous verse it fails to make deflr the meaning of ** them.*' ' 2fev these may seem unimportant varieties of translation, but they are not so, seeing they are used to enforce wrong doctrine. Tbe doctrine founded on these passages is one which stands in contravention to the commonly accepted tenet of human depravity. It is said that inasmuch as our Lord said of ths in fants, 'Of such is the kingdom of Heaven,' there ' fore they are fit subjects fur baptism. Now, we all believe that by virtue of the atoning death of Christ, infants, if removed by death, enter immediately the Heaven of infinite purity ; bat it certainly does not thence follow that they are to be baptized, since our Lord enjoined a condition with respect to bip f.iqm the infant is unable to fulfil, l^urther, tliis word 'infant' is one of considerable width of meaning. Paul says Timothy knew tho Scriptures from his reing such an 'infant,' in tbe old version rendered 'child.' The infants that Christ referred to were such as were not only capable of trusting in Him, but who, He affirms, ' believe in Me,' Matt xviii. 6. See 2 Tim. iii. 15. Thus the inaccurate translation in the old version of the passages rela ting our Lord's words touching children, and the still imperfect translation of the same passages in the new version, favour the unscriptoral notion that infants immediately after birth are pos sessed of some internal grace whereby they are fitted for baptism. Thus, to adopt the words of another : —'The revised version, instead of correcting the errors of the' authorized version in these passages, has confirmed them ; and not only so, but added to them, by introducing a reference to parents, thongh none are referred to in the Greek; so that our version, after being revised, is in thisl case less futhful than it was before.' Critical students of the Scriptures have been long aware that doubts existed whether the closing portion of the 16th chapter of Mark ought to fin.', a place in the New Testament The note appended to the new version states — 'The two oldest manu scripts and some othor authorities omit from verse 9 to the end. Some other authorities have a diffe rent ending to the Gospel f but the new version retains it as a veritable part of inspired Scripture. Only one versa, the ICth, has any special impor tance in the Baptist discussion—' fie that believeth and is baptized shall be saved.' While these few words amply set forth the vital necessity of faith to a proper submission to this ordinance on tbe part of the recipient, vet the same truth is abundantly taueht elsewhere. Ir- fact, if not a single word had been written of the condition of faith as a pre-requisite to baptism, yet the very necessities of the case would have demanded this faith as the condition divinely intended. For, as the act of baptism becomes obligatory enly to such as acknowledge Christ as their Saviour, it follows that in order to this acknowledgement they must have heard about Christ, and have believed what they heard. Christ said to Nicodemus— 'Ye must be born again f immediately subsequent in the chapter the truth is insisted on with utmost clearness that ' Whosoever believeth on the Son shall not perish, but have everlasting life.' Not in one place, but in hundreds we are taught in the New Testament that believing on and in Christ is absolutely essential to a participation in His salvation. Now, baptism designates, by external symbolism, that the person baptized has a living part in the salvation of Christ Hence, were it so that the whole passage from v. 9 to the end of this closing chapter of Mark's Gospel must be set aside as not properly belonging to the Gospel, the condition of faitfi aa_ a pre-requisite to baptism would not, in the slightest degree, be impaired. Moreover, tbe passage, were it thus rejected, would, as historical evidence, demonstrate that in the very first days of the Church of our Lord faith was universally recognised as the condition; for this passage is acknowledged by all to be of the earliest antiquity. Very similar observations must be made as to the history of the baptism of the Eunuch as recorded in Acts viii. 26-40. The note in the new version is as follows :— ' Some ancient authorities insert wholly or in part verse 37— 'And Philip said, If thou believest with all thy heart, thou mayest ; and he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.' ' Now, admitting that this thirty seveiith verse is no veritable portion of Scripture, it clearly establishes this fact— that in first centuries of the Church this was regarded as the essential pre-requisite to baptism : that a person should believe, not merely with the intellect, but with the heart, on the Lord Jesus. It became the custom also to require from the person the open acknow ledgment of this. But no one can read the narra tive, with the thirty-seventh verse omitted, with out being forced to conclude that in the case of the Eunuch he did believe j;enuinely in the Christ a-i Philip set the Lord Jesus before him. In other words, he did fulfil the condition set down in the omitted -verse. Where did the first Christians Ieam ;that faith was thus the essential condition to baptism but from* the Apostles them selves? In fact, they could learn it from the Gospels ?which -came into their hands, and from such of the Epistles as they had access to, just as is the case with ourselves. The passage in John iii. 23 which speaks of the reason why John chose Aenon for the administration of baptism, because there was ?'?much water' there, is not altered in the new version, but in the margin the alternative rendering is given — ' many waters.' I do not k.iow that this alternative rendering 'many waters' makes the ?value of the passage less in its bearing on the act of immersion. With either rendering the language would have been meaningless were it not that John immersed those who came to him for baptism. Not much change has been made in the reference to baptism in the early part of the Cth Chapter of Eomans. The 3rd and 4th verses in the new version read— 'Or .are ye ignorant that all we who were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into His death 7 We were buried, there fore, with Him through baptism into death, that like as Christ was raised from the dead through the glory of the Father, so we also might walk in new ness of life.' I need not argue the bearing of this whole passage on the action of baptism as being that of immersion, nor on its significance as having to do only with the intelligent belief of the truth as it is in Jesus. The new version speaks on these points to the same effect as the old. There is nothing special to be lioted ,in regard to Colossians ii. 12, which reads in the new version— ' Hating been buried with Him in baptism, wherein ye were also raised with Him through faith in the work ing of God, who raised Him from the dead.' There is no important change in 1 Corinthians x 1 and 2 in . the reference to tbe Israelites being baptized ' unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea. We must direct your attention to the language of Peter, in 1 Peter iii. 20, 21. The new version speaks of the eight souls that ' were saved through water : which also after a true likeness doth now save you, even baptism ; not the putting away the filth of the flesh, but the interrogation of a good conscience towards God. through the resurrection of Jesus Christ' Both versions agree in saying the salva tion of the eight Noachians was through water. The alternative -reading in the margin of the new version stands thus — 'In the antetype.' This appearstomeipreferable, although the wordantetype may wear a somewhat foreign aspect to -aome. The following change of interrogation or enquiry in the margin for the answer of the old version does not seem an improvement There are two passages — John iii. 5 to 8, and Titus iii. 5 — which have an important bearingon the subject of baptismal' re- generation. Dr. Pusey, so lately deceased, says — 'These two passages are the only passages ^of the Holy Scriptures in which the first origin of regenera tion (so to speak) is marked out, and the csrenm stances under which it takes place are at all fainted at.' Calvin, Zwingle, and others maintain that in tiese passages the water is a metaphor, find signifies the truth which according to Peter is the instrumentality by which the new birth is accom plished. Dr. Pusey, and hundreds of others eminent for learning, have as a matter of fact built up their doctrine of Tbaptismal regeneration mainly on these two statements of Scripture. One might have hoped, therefore, that in the new revision the utmost pains would have been taken to render with perfect accuracy the idea of the original. Now, the word here employed is the Greek word which denotes begetting. Hence in 1 John iii. 9 the new version reads, ' VVhosoever is begotten of God doeth no sin, because his seed abideth in him, and he cannot sin, because he is begotten of God.' In the old version the woid is ' born,' and the new version substitutes quite cor rectly ' begotten.' So, again, the new version has substituted ' begotten' for '' born again** in 1 Peter i. £3, 'Hp.ving been begotten again, rot of cor ruptible seed, but of incorruptible, through the word of God, which Hveth and abideth.' The translators of the new version should have jealously kept to this idea of rebegettieg rather than of simple birth. In the other passages the same Greek word is found, as in John iii. 5-S and in Titus iii. 5. Indeed, this is the strict meaning of the word 'regeneration.' The words 'born again' lack the precision which the original possesses. This is the proper meaning of regeneration in Titus iii. 5. The new version gives in the margin ' laver' in place of ' washing.' If this passage refers to baptism it must be believers' baptism, as the language is applied to such. Dean Alford, a Pedobaptist, says :— ' The laver not washing ; always a vessel or pool in which the washing takes place. Laver of belonging to, pertaining to, setting forth, regenera tion. Two things are spoken of, the laver of re generation, which is a way of expressing baptism into Christ, and the renewing of the Holy Spirit' This psssaee in Titus is remarkable also for the following word :— ' Eenewing,' which, in the Greek, contains do reference to birth. Hence we need to lay especial stress on the whole passage in John iii. 5-S. The Geneva version, the work of English exiles, dated 1557, has in every verse here tbe word ' begotten,' The authorized version follows, in the nse of the word ' born,' the Rbeims version, which was made by some English Catholics at Bbeims in 1582\. The immense importance of this matter can only be apprehended as we bear in mind how funda mental the tenet of baptismal regeneration is to the Boman Catholic system and to the High Church Anglican system. Without this as a corner-stone these systems never could have been so bunt up as we seffthem, and flourishing around us to-day. Let me conclude these incomplete criticisms npon the emendations of the new revision by expressLa' my own personal thankfulness to God that in spite of blemishes the 1SSI Herision of the New Testa ment is one which cannot fail as a whole to repre sent the troth rjf God to the ordinary EnglUh reader In clearer light than existed before. The older folks, of course, like bsst . the old version, with which they have been so long familiar ; to the newer generations tbe phraseology of the new version wfll become as precious and familiar as the older phraseology is to us now. We hail brightening light from whatever source it comes. Baptists have stood forward nobly in the first rank of the Christian Churches for their unflinching adherence to the pure and complete Word of God. We are at this moment contending, at no mean sacrifice, for the pnnnple of entire liberty of conscience and freedom of action in the faithful rendering of God's Word in the tongues of heathen lands. Let us be wise and brave to secure for ourselves what we are seeking to give to millions in Asia. Above all, let us rejoice that every year, by the increased facilities for making the teaching of the Word mere and more clear, we are enabled to plac« in the hands of our young reoplethe blessed. Word of our Father God— that Word ever living and ever full of divine light A Hakdsome Gift. — At a special meeting of the Corporation held on Thursday last (says the S.E. Star of September 26) Conn cillcr Lanrie stated that Mr. T. C. ™iq had authorized him to make an offer of a lar^e dock for the Town HalL Mr. EHia wonld, ?with the Council's approyal, also make what alterations -were necessary to place it in position at his own cost The Council accepted the offer, and a vote of thanks was recorded to Me. Ellis lor his liberalitv. This penerocs action on. the part of Mr. 'Ellis is the more markedyiaa snowing the deep in terest be feels in a place -which he is going to leave, being abont to settle on his property m New Zealand, ^o which the good wiahea of i his nnmeroos friends will follow him. I . Anadvextser in Jexa& calls fbr.'aa industrious ' man as e. boss hand over 5,000 bead of sheep, that can speak Spanish fioently.' 