1'lie ^crnp .UImiiii, (Oi'BN to Casual CovtriuutouS.) Children' service, Temperance Hall, at 3i p.iii' ( on Sunday next, to be addressed by lie v. C. T. Evans. 1 Bible Society meeting, Temperance Hall, on Jlonday evening next. I hear (writes ' Vegetarian') that green peas are selling for four shillings a peck at Moss Vale, and higher still at other places along tho Great oontiiorn Kailway, wiiuo in Wollongong wo enjoy n sufficient supply of very superior peas, brought to our doors, at one shilling and threopenco for that quantity. Here is another striking example of what our producers lose for want of railway connexion with the rest of the colony. Mr. G. L Fuller says lie not only claims the portions Of land in the Lako asked for by the Shellharbor aud Central Illawarra Councils for recreation pitrposes, but that ho intends to cl ti in half of the Lake itself, under an English Act ; as he maintains that the Lake is not a tidal one. Arabi Bey claim's Egypt, but is not likely to get. it. ' Traveller' desires to know if the Central Illawarra Council intends to do its duty in regard to providing a watering place at tho Figtroe and another at Wiggins' Creek, as aro much required. Mr. Walter Edmunds, LL. 13. ; (not long since of the Wollongong Public School), has secured tho wig as a barrister, and recently condtioted his first case at his native place, Maitlaud. ' Ratepayer' complains of tlie dreadfully fur rowed state of Bourke street, on tho Smith Estate, east of Keira-street, and hopes tho Council will attend to the matter without delay. 'Townsman' writes that lie would like to know why tho Government is not being publicly urged to call for tenders for tho railway as far as Wol longong, as all preliminaries for tho work, appear to be complete. The railway, furrow now reaches the Macqnarie River, ii short distance on the Lako side of tlio bridgo. Practicable routes for the railway have been found by Shellharbor or Dunstor'a LI ill and Jam beroo, and, like. the main roads via these places between Macquario River and Kiama, the railway route either way is found. exactly the same length. ' Goldsmith, jiin.,' says — What availeth all the money' the district makes by the Co-operative Com pany, if wo are to lose the best of our leading men, as aDDoars to bo impending 7- -- Messrs. Dvmock I Evans, Bright, aud Ponirer bound for Europo uariy iihx r, year, and Mr. G. A. Porter leaving lilawarra for Camden about tho same time, III fares the hind, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay. Virulent diphtheria has broken out at Wariiam bool. Six locomotives from Belgium, costing £2751 each, have been ordered by the Victorian Govern- ment. Tho Bhip Corolla, from Glasgow, with a enrgo valued at £38,000, and the ship John Duthle, from London, with- cargo of .the. value, of £2G,000, arrived at Sydney on Saturday. It is reported that Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., is entering an action for £20,000 damages for slander, against Mr. Harris, tho Mayor of Sydney, the cause of; action, it is understood, being the ' Coonanbarra Hats' affair. - A bowl of half sovoreigna of the value of £71 wns Stolen irom uie uuuuier ui uie hjuh ui a'lo tralasia in Pitt-street, on Monday morning, by two mon who evidently had premeditated the theft. Goods of the value of £209, GOO were imported into Sydney from other countries withiu three days lately, a ' Damago to the .amount of £20,000 was done by fire in Clarence-street, j Sydney, oil Sunday morn ,ing.: ? ? j ? , . ' :: It is stated that another' Woliongongite— Mr. P. Gavine — intends lo visit Europe shortly. Kiania appears likely to become as notorious for its larrikins as it was some timo ago for its ' ghost.'? . Articles lnaiiiifact'ured by a Bulli black gin forthcoming at the Juvenile Exhibition in town. ' A miner; named O'Neil, was killed instantly at a Ballarat mine on. Monday .through the rope of tlie cage he was in breaking. Messrs. Maiden, Hill, and Clark claim £12,000 as compensation for land at Darling Harbor resumed by Government. Tho Government valua tioins£C390.; The case comuicuce'd iu the Supreme Court on Tuesday. Tuesday next is the date-up to which tondors will-be received for: tho; first section of the Illa warra Railway. ' Tho Newcastle butchers announced on Tuesday that they would have no heoff fo^anl.o'.ftr several days,- as they wore. unable to -procure cattle. The export, of coil from Newcastle last week amounted to 31,2G3 tons. 1 The, Honi John .Macintosh, M.L.O., has been appointed a Licensing. Magistrate, in -lien of Mr. John Davies. ? Six vessels; with cargoes valnod at £229,000, have arrived in Sydney harbor within the past few days. ' . . . All extensive firs occurred at the premises of Me-srs. Mitchell and Co. , Cbrencc-s'reof, Sydti. y, ? ui Sunday last, doing dannige to the amount of ? £20,000. Gaiktv, Company. —It will be noticed tlint n very talented compaov under this designation will appear in the Toniporanue Hal., .on Thursday next week. Messrs. lieverley nnd Cowali havo already ploased Wollongong audiences very much, and 'doubtless will do so again ill this instance. The other members (jt the company aro also well up in their profession^ each having performed very successfully in Sydney and elsewhere. Altogether the entertainment should be very attractive. 'A Boni: ok CoNTi'.N'noN.' — This is tho title of a mo - 1 clever pen and ink cartoon (by Mr. A. D. Grove, of Bulli), which is now on view iu the from window of this ollico. A powerful looking bull dog, with a spiked collar bearing the name ' Britain.' is represented aa having nis fore feet ou a bone marked ' Suez Ctitial.' „ The other Six Great Powers aro ropre.se'- ted by three dogs on eitlior Bitlo, oncli having an anxious eye on tlie none, but Apparently not caring to actually dispute pos session with the dog ' Britain,' who not only ia a most formidable looking animal, but is allow ing his teeth and casting his eyes about: him most doteruiinodlv. On ono side aro the dogo with collars marked 'France,' ' Italy,', and ' Russia,' and on tho other are those with collars bearing tho names of 'Germany,' 'Austriu,' and 'Turkey.' Tho only dog apparently in clined to snarl is tho French noodle, but lie does not. appear at all able or roall.v willing to dispute possession of the bono with the British bulldog. Jlaoh of tl?' dogs aro characteristic of the nations represon'ed ; and tlie Russian dog on tho one side and the Turkish on the other aro in tho back ground apparently looking on to see what chances may occur through the action of tho otlior dogs. Tho Egyptian pyramids loom in the distance with tho Union Jack Hying over tlio grnrit one, a:id lowaru ineiii sir unmet n'oJseley is leading a Dociy of British soldiers, over whom also waves the Union Jack. Awny from tho dogs around tho bono, a half starved aud seemingly well kicked cur is darting away, as if to sen wiio had placed tho Union Jack on tho pyramid Altogether tlio cartoon ia an exceedingly clovor production as representing how mattera now stand in regard to tho Egyptian affair. _ Glimpse of tiik Or,n Lako. Mr. Thomas \onng (Manager of the Bank of Victoria. Castle maine) delivered, in tlio Temperance Hail, on Wednesday evening, his lecture entitled as abovo. As stated in last iaauo, tho lecture was given iu aid of the Hospital, Mr. Young having kindly consented to do so during a short visit to this town seeing friends The attendance was the largest we havo over seon at any lectnro iu this town, and thereforo tho funds of tho Hospital must have boen benefited very considerably by the proceods. -The Mayor (Mr. A. Parsons) presided, and introduced tho lecturer, who, having been received with applause, proceeded with his dis course, giving an account of his visits to different places of interest in England during a recent trip to that country, after an absonco of 2'J years1 in Australia. He also referred to a visit to Franco at the same time, and pointed out several interest ing matters connected with Paris and Versailles. As want of space prevents us giving even tho substance of the lectnro, suffico it to say that Mr. Young alluded to several places, events, and inci dents i-f historic and passing interest, which catno tinder his notice during his short sojourn in the ' old land.' In the course of his remarks ho wa8 repeatedly applauded, and at the close of the lecture a vote of thanks was accorded him by acclamation, ori motion of Mr W. G. Robertson (Treasurer of the Hospital), seconded by. Mr P. U. Tresnan (a member of tho Hospital Committee). When the lecture was about half delivered, Mrs Monahan, tho Misses Robson, nnd Mr W. A. M' Donald treated the audienco to some good music, Miss Thompson ably presiding at the piano. We are not yet aware what the proceeds of the evening amount to, but certainly it will reach several pounds— rather an unusual tiling in connection with lectures almost anywhere. Juvenii.b Exhibition. — A meeting of the Committee formed some time ago in town to arrange for the holding of a local show in connec tion with the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition to ho opened in the Garden Palace on the 9th Novem ber, was held at the Council Chamber, on Tuesday «.-n,.;.wr rpi... «tt — i ? ? - ? n , XUW -11-IU1IUUIII/U MilO DUIllIii 1TJ i , Parsons (Mayor of tho Borough) presided. Mr. Biggar (Secretary to tho movement) read corre spondence outwards and inwards since last meeting. Tho latter included replies from teachers, stating that they would do what they could to induce pupils to prepare exhibits for the occasion. Favourable replies from other persons ill tho dis trict also were read, one being from Mr. J. Love day, of Benconsfield, stating that lie had arranged for the exhibition of a pair of bnskots, manufac tared by a young black gin at Bnlli. Ho expressed a hope that these articles would provo attractive at tho exhibition, having been prepared by an aboriginal. It was resolved to hold tho local Exhibition at the School of Arts, on Wed nesday, tho 11th, and Thursday, tho 12th of October, and Messrs. Biggar and Anstey wero appointed to canvass townspeople and others for subscriptions in aid of tho project Tho Secretary was instructed to writo. to Mr. F. A. Franklin, asking if that gentleman would kindly dosign and supervise the arrangement of the Exhibition. It was suggested that several lady and gentlemen amateurs mighttend to thesuccess of theExhibition by vocal and instrumental music, also that tho Band might render assistance for so laudablo an Object as a Juvenile Industrial Exhibition. At the suggestion of Mr.' Anstey, a subscription list was opened, aud upwards of of £+ waa at onco subscribed iu the room toward carrying out tho project. Masquerade. — This horso, formerly the pro perty of Mr. Georgo Cochrane, of this town, has been doing wonders of late on tho turf. At the recent Hawkeshnry meeting ho wa3 only beaten by Sting by a mere shade for the great raco of the meeting. On Saturday last, ho won easily tho Epsom Stakes at Randwick, worth several hundred pounds, and oil Tuesday ho vvoii tho Groat Metro politan stakes, worth botween £1000 nnd £2000. In fact, Mnsqnorado is now the hero of the hour in connection with tho turf. We may remark that he is owned by Mr. Roberts (son- in-law of the great sportsman, Mr. Ivory), tho formor having purchased him from Mr. Cochrane. Tho ' Herald' thus records tho contest by the field of horses .which ran for tho Metropolitan Stakes : — The field closed up ns tlioy commenced the back stretch, and Harebell, Gipsy Cooper, nnd Creswick raced side by sido past the two miles posti a length in front of Comet and Masquerade, who wero slightly in advance of Sting, Kingsworth, and Britisher, who was rapidly working his way towards tho loading division. As they wont up the hill the Bold packed still more closely together, but at tlio beginning of- the bend Gipsy ; Cooper held out a signal , of distress, and Creswick was also iu dilli o.ultioa. ' Fighting the battle bitterly, Haroboll rattled round tho bend with a .trifling advantage of Comet, who was coming very' fast against tho rails, while on tho left Sting showed prominently, aud good positions were takon up by Proctor, Britisher, Kinsworth, and Masquorade, and tho others wore closely paakod, except Lord Biirghley and Snwarrow, who were hopelessly out of iti Though it was evident that tlio desperato pace silo had made was tolling upon her; Harebell managod to struggle first into tho straight, but onde they had fairly turned their heads for home, Sting was done with, and Britisher cut Harebell down, but had ho sooner' done so than he was headed by Comet; ' and a hoarae roar from the stand pro claimed the victory of tlio son of Atalanta; but it was all too soon, for, just aa I ho distance was reached, Nicholson sat down on Masquerade, and tho chestnut answoring tho resolnto call, dashed up on the outside, And fairly galloping over his horses, shot to tho front when DO yards from tho post, and won easily at the ond by a length and a-lialf. Comet Fwerved into the contro of the courso as suon as the whip was called into play, and losing ground by so doing, only beat Britisher by a neck for second place. Kingsworth , was' three 'lengths' away, fourth; and then followed Strathearn, Sting, Barber, Proctor, Lord Orvillo, Harebell, and Stolla, while the lust to finish were L rd Btirghley aud Suwarrow. Time, 3 minutes'] 33 secouds, 1 Oit.nino ok St. Mary's. CATnnnu.u,. — This important event, to which tho Roman Catholics of | Now South Wales havo boon looking forward with aiicli fond anxiety for yeara past, ia now oil tho | evo of taking plnco. To-day is tlio inaugural day, and the proceedings will extend over the two fol | lowing dny». On each 'lay tho proceedings com ? meneo at half-piist 11 o'clock in tlio morning, nnd at half past 7 in tho evening. Sai.i: of Lano. Mr. W. Goodrich, of Conl Clill', hns sold his 100 acres of land to Mr. Wiloy, of Sydney, for £3000. It. is understood that the samo gentleman with others nro negotiating to buy tho Messrs fjietns Brothers' 150 acres, adjoining the villngo of Clifton nnd tho Coal-Clilf Company's estate, the main intention, it is said, being to open n coal mine on tho property. Between the two properties mentioned thero lies 100 acres belonging to Mr. James Simpson, of Coal-Cliff, each extending from the. sea shore to tho mountain bin II. Spark tub Bask. — In our Inst issue wo had occasion to notice very great improvements effected on tho Brighton Lawn, by Mr. M. H. Moriarty. We regret now having to direct attention -to a practice which somo ut thinking people have of going np and down the recently formed ombank m»nt between the lawn nnd the beach. This ombankmcnt having been formed aud s -dded only a short time ago, walkin.' up or down it, evun by children, does great injury to it. It is to neb -ped that.peoplo will refiain in future from ho i'ljiuing the - nibankmunt, and thus render it UMioeess try for Mr. Moriarty In prosecuto for such offences. Serious Explosion ok Dynamitk. — A fright ful dynamite nccidont occurred on Mmidny night at Bethanga, near Albnry. An old man. named.' Charles Baker, his son, James Baker, aud I-aac Carter wero working on night shift in n quartz claim. The dynamite they were using being cold, it bee, mm ric'c'rssnfy to warm it. This is usually done with hot water ; but for sonio roason tho water was omitted, and tho dynamite wa.t hung in a billy over a forgo fir-\ It is supposed that, a spark from tho forgo igoit/ d tho material, ns an explosion occurred. Ohnr'e* Baker sustained severe injuries on tho head, and his ear was Mown away, .'amos Baker'had his loft eye destroyed; nnd wns sorinusly injured in tho arm, rilis, and stomach, the bowels being oxpoBed. Carter sus tained over a hundred wounds in the leg and thigh, which prosent all the appearance of having been riddled with successive discharges of n'shotgun. All three men wero lodged iii tho Albnry Hospital. Daki.vo Bank Roduehy. — A most daring robbery waa committed on Monday morning between 10 and 11 o'clock, from tho branch oflico of tho Bank of Australasia in Pitt-street, Sydney. At the timo mentioned, two men wont into the bank, nnd tho teller being busy, oho of them walked a little wny along the counter and asked a customer who was standing there if ' tlie-o wero anv good.' at the n -, t,inir» nrndnninif two halves of a one-pound note. Just, nt this moment th' teller had occasion to leavo hia position behind tho countor for two or three aeconaa to aee the manager, and on his return tlio two men had left, and he immediately missed a bowl uf halfsov ereigns which hnd been upon a sheltered desk at tho end of tlio counter nearest tho door. The bowl contained about £71. Ho was told by tho gentleman in front of tho counter that tho mon hnd somewhat hurriedly loft tho promises, nfter the one mentioned had spoken to him nbout the two half bank notes. Thero can be no doubt that the object of this was to distract his attenti m, and to allow of his confederate reaching across and taking the money. The men are described aa looking as .if thoy belonged to the labouring classes', and tho teller would bo nhlo to identify ono of them, 'ns would also the customer. Information has beon givoo to the police. Thia is one of tho mnst impudent robberies of tho kind over perpetrated in this city.—' Evening News.' The Fi,oon Tide of Emigration — The yoar 1SS1 must bo a remarkable ono in tho nnnala of American Emigration History. The number of foreigners who have entered our ports is simply fabulous and tho tide gives no indication of an early ebb. They are generally a thrifty set, nnd with energy nnd a genorous infusion of Udnlphu Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, to keep up their temper and tone, they will be most welcome to the rights' of citizenship. 