MABSIE. A wholesome dread of prolixity, tempered by a not unnatural desire to secure my readers' immediate and undivided attention, impels me to speak out like a man, and confess, without farther reserve or circumlocution, that this veracious chronicle is neither more nor less than the record of as pretty a little love-affair as ever drew sigh from sympathetic bosom. Now, the most interesting personage in a love-story is, beyond all controversy, its heroine. And the first duty incumbent upon the narrator of such a story is that of describing his heroine hi the most glowing language his pen can command. Well, my heroine's name is Mabsie. And, as a facetious young lady once informed the select but limited social circle in which I have the honour to revolve, Mabsie is " the short for Mab." This last announcement may seem trivial to the unobservant, but it is not so ; for it gives me the opportunity of explaining that my pretty Mabsie was really named after the famous little potentate whose coachman was " a small gray-coated gnat." And why not ? No fairy that ever danced in the moonlight, in the good old times when fairies were as plentiful as blackberries, was half so lithe, or half so volatile, or half so delicately fashioned as she. Moreover, the circumstances under which she first became " one of us" were, to say the least of it, unusual, if not exactly romantic; though the scene of their enactment was just an ordinary matter-of-fact apartment in the Alexandra Hotel. To my temporary home in that most pleasant of metropolitan hosteh'ies I returned, one evening last summer, after a hard day's work in the reading-room of the British Museum, very tired, very much bored by the perusal of a heap of grimy old MSS., and firmly convinced that the operation of dining could no longer be postponed without grave dereliction of a very grave duty. Determined to perform that duty to the best of my ability, I knocked at the door of an adjoining chamber; described my condition to a member of my family who seemed to me to be tossing the furniture of her room from side to side with la-ckless impetuosity » and paused for a reply. I received one, immediate, terse, and uttered in a tone of unwonted excitement. " Come in, quick! and shut the door." I obeyed, of course; and, seeing three chairs and a towl-horse turned upside down in the middle of the room, prepared to restore them to their normal position : whereupon, a gray, brown, fluffy object, with a long, gray, fluffy tail, dashed past me, like a comet, and vanished behind the wardrobe. " What, in the name of wonder, is that? I asked; not a little startled by the apparition and very much astonished at the suddenness of its disappearance. " That is Mabsie,'• said tho member of my family. " Do you think you could catch her ?" I thought I eould ; and .essayed to move the wardrobe, which, however, proved to be so inconveniently heavy that I reconsidered the matter, and rang for the waiting-maid, who declined to interfere, on the ground that she was " frightened to death of the parrot." The " parrot," indeed! Truly it is high time that board schools were established everywhere. Scorning the aid of so ignorant a domestic, I gave another tug at the ponderous structure and succeeded, after much painful travail, in moving it nearly half a quarter of an inch from the wall; when, straightway, the fluffy mass darted over my head, looked down upon me with well-bred curiosity from the top of the bedstead, sat for a moment on the handle of the water jug, knocked over a candlestick, and finally settled itself comfortably on the mantelpiece. Blessing Fate for my opportunity—for I have already hinted that I was famishing—I now m?.de a grab at the furry meteor ; and was rewarded for my pains with a volley of abusive language which would have left Mark Twain's blue jays nowhere. Assuredly, Miss Mabsie's education had not stopped short at the " rudiments" of invective. The step from the mantelpiece to the window-frame being a mere trifle of some ten or twelve feet, or thereabouts, Mabsie accomplished it at a single hound ; and, seated on a convenient cross-bar, watched the movements of the carriages in Hyde Park with manifest interest. Then I bethought me of diplomacy. My friend's open cage stood on a table close by. I gently moved it to the window, and, while she was engaged in criticising the dress of a severely aisthetie young lady who occupied the seat of honour in a barouche on the opposite side of the road, my cautious relative and I succeeded in quietly elbowing her into her normal habitation. I now, far the first time, had an opportunity of observing this remarkable young person at my leisure; and, truly, I no longer marvelled at her evident disapproval of her aesthetic sister's habiliments. Her own garments were conceived in irreproachable taste, aud the form they clothed was perfect. Imagine a little body, about as large as that of a fine full grown squirrel, covered with soft fur, in which a thousand tints of gray and black and orange are so cunningly intermingled with each other that it is impossible to describe the resulting colour by any generic term. Imagine a wee face, like that of a dear little old lady, who has seen much sorrow, but borne it so bravely that it has in no wise dimmed the flash of lier bright brown eyes, though the expression of certain sad lines around her pretty mouth is too pathetic to be misunderstood. Imagine in the middle of this little lady's forehead, a snowwliite patch, like the bandeau of a Sister of Charity ; and, on either side of her head, a rich black plume, so light that it looks as if a breath would serve to disperse it into infinite space. Finally, imagine, in place of the little lady's hands, two delicate brown paws; in place of her liigh-heeled shoes, two well-formed feet, strong enough to hang by head downwards should occasion render such a proceeding desirable, or to sit upon, or to leap withal over a grand pianoforte, or a Japanese screen, or any other reasonable obstacle you choose to place in their way; in lieu of her train, picture to yourself a tail, longer than that appertaining to the grandest chat in the chateau of the Marquis de Carabas, gray at one season of the year, and, at another, marked with alternate rings of black and cinnamon. Imagine all this, I say, and you will be able to form a tolerably correct idea of Mabsie's personal appearance; and will probably be prepared to hear that she is a marmoset—not of the common kind usually sold in bird-shops but of a rarer, more delicate, and more easily tameable species, remarkable for the grace of its movements, the gentleness of its disposition, and tile modest propriety ot its demeanour (when not provoked to put the blue jays to siiame by the voilence of its execrations). Mabsie did not in the least mind being looked at. I think she rather liked it. When I offered her a piece of cake, she put her right hand out of the cage and took it, with the air of one who was not only privileged to expect polite attention, but really did expect it. And she ate her little morsel as delicately as the aesthetic young lady would have eaten an icewafer at a garden party. There can be no doubt that that mite of cake cemented our friendship, for good and all; for we have never, since I offered it to her, had a dispute upon any subject whatever. Indeed, the look she gave me was as good as a bond of truce, sealed, signed, and delivered. ' So Mabsie became " one of us." And we took her down to our quiet® countryjhome, rejoicing in tlie possession of so delightful an addition to our family circle. Albeit, I regret to say that her recejition by certain members of that amiable confraternity was not altogether such as we could have desired. The truth is, we—that is to say the member of my family to whom I have more than once had occasion to allude and myself—live under a zoocracy. And among the zoocrats are certain dignitaries, who, not having been consulted on this matter, took grievous offence at the want of proper respect shown to them by their inferiors. Miss Topsy, a black-andtan toy terrier of exalted lineage, "and such very-exalted-indeed ideas of her own sovereign rights that a sarcastic friend of mine calls her " the home-ruler"—Miss Topsy, the beloved, the petted, the spoiled, would not so much as look at our new friend. Mistress Chloe, a princess of the Pug dynasty, did indeed condescend to look, and even to sniff; but evidently witli no more friendly intention than that of discovering whether or not the mass of fluff was good for food. As for Mr. Rollo, seeing that lie would have found no difficulty whatever in swallowing such a dinner, cage and all, at a gulp, I thought it prudent to say nothing to liim about the matter; hoping that in process of time it might be possible to strike out some line of policy equally agreeable to all parties. Meanwhile, thinldng that Mabsie's limbs looked cramped after her long journey, I took her into the dining-room, and set her free, for a run. A grey-black-and-orange flash darted instantly from the cage door to the windowcurtain. At the same moment, a black-andtan flash darted from under my chair. By dint of superhuman alacrity, for which I am not generally remarkable, I succeeded in hooking my finger into the collar of the last-named flash, for—say half a second. By the time that half-second had expired, Mabsie was safe on the curtian-pole, looking down upon the world below, with her head on one side, as who should say, ' Dear friend, you really must run faster, if you do not want to lose sight of the tip of my tail in the distance.' Whereupon, Miss Topsy confessed herself fairly vanquished, the internecine feud came to an end ; and all parties agreed to dwell together in peace and unity. Like most spoiled beauties, Mabsie soon began to show signs of a temper delightfully capricious. One day, when a lady (to whom I had imprudently described her as a paragon of affability) came to see her, she refused to put as much as the tip of her nose out of bed until her visitor had departed, when she immediately exhibited herself at her best— that is to say, she ate up a whole banana, and tore my favorite pen-wiper to shreds. She will sometimes remain inert all day, and rush about her cage in the evening like a mad thing or be as lively as a squirrel in the morning, and retire to rest at noon, to reappear no more until noon the next day. Her claim to the sovereignty of the curtain-pole remaining undisputed, she delights in perching herself on its exact centre, and summoning all the other marmosets in the world to her Court, by means of a cry, which we at first mistook for a whistle, though subsequent observation proved it to proceed directly from the lungs. This cry is very remarkable. Though miles above the range of ordinary soprano voices, it is a true " chest- note." A great musician— Herr Wagner, for instance—would describe it as the five-times-marked/j, the pitch of which is" an octave higher than that of the highest G on the pianoforte! The note is always the same, and always repeated four times. Then follows a pause of a minute, or thereabouts ; then another fourfold cry, followed by another pause, and so on, throughout an entire afternoon. 1 am not superstitious. It taxes my credulity to believe that two and two make four. But I do believe that this cry is Masonic, and intelligible only to marmosets of high intellectual culture; and I lived for a long tune in daily hope ot hearing some Past Master of the Higher Initiation reply to it. Wiser than some of her human sisters, Mabsie never sings out of tune. When she is "not in good voice" she holds her peace. She held her peace so long last winter that we began to fear that she must be seriously out of health. So I wrote to an experienced keeper at the Zoological Gardens, and entreated him to prescribe for her. He prescribed sponge-cakes steeped in cream, and hothouse grapes. By dint of perseverance we succeeded, at that untimely season, in getting a very few grapes, at the rate of threepence each ; and of these, she condescended just to taste one or two of the best. The cakes and cream were more successful, and have ever since remained her favourite food. She likes a grape occasionally; but, if disturbed while eating it, droops it instantly, and never stoops to pick it up. We thought, at first, that this was because she did not really care for the fruit; but may not the habit be traced to a still more natural cause ? A banana, dropped in the forest, falls twenty feet at a stretch; and it would scarcely be worth while to run down after it, with a dozen bunches of ripe fruit hanging within reach. When Mabsie drops a grape, she does not stay to calculate the distance it as fallen, but leaves it to its fate, and holds out her hand for another. Still, there are troubles which neither grapes nor bananas, nor even cakes and cream can cure. And, before very long, it became so evident that our poor little Mabsie lacked something, that we grew quite uneasy about her. At last, it dawned upon our minds that that something might possibly he a mate. To put the question to the test, we showed her looking-glass ; and her attempts to caress her own reflection within it were so piteously touching, that we determined to seek a suitable companion for her the very next time we found ourselves in London. Alas! there was not even a marmoset of the common whitewhiskered species exposed for sale in any shop we visited. In this sore strait, the friendly keeper suggested a visit to " Jamrach's;" where lie told me I was quite " sure to get my money's worth fgr my money." So, I wended my way to the far East—not on the hump of a camel, but on the knife-board of a Blackwall omnibus—and, iu due time, found myself in the famous naturalist's menagerie, where I saw all manner of beasts, furred, feathered, shelled, and sealed ; but, not so much as the ghost of a pencil-eared marmoset. So I was fain to content myself with a promise of the earliest intelligence of an expected consignment. Meanwhile, well knowing that no vulgar animal was ever permitted to set foot within the sacred precincts of Mr. Jamrach's vivarium I intiiftated my intense desire to make acquainance with some of its inmates ; whereupon I was politely introduced to a blue-bird, a lion, an ocelot, a llama, a mongoose, a mockingbird* a tiger, a nonpareil, a bonnet-monkey, a laughing-jackass, a dorsal squirrel, and a jerboa. It seems invidious to descend to particulars hi describing a company so truely select. Yet there are distinctions, even among the creme de la creme of the very best society ; and I had not been long in. the presence of these distinguished representatives of the haute noblesse, before I found that my ability to resist their seductions extended only to the first ten membess of the august fraternity. To the charms of the remaining two I succumbed there and then. The jerboa was simply irresistible, with its pretty hare-like face, its great black-eyes as round as marbles, its dainty little stilts, and the black-and-white tuft, like a bundle of silk, at the end of its long lithe tail. And the dorsal squirrel ? Well, its back was covered with soft black velvet, of a richness quite unapproachable in these degenerate days, though our great-great-grandmothers may perhaps have worn something more worthy to be compared with it. Its sides were of orange-coloured satin; and in place of a tail it waved above its back a glorious ostrich-feather, tinted with black and grey and richest tawny red, in infinite gradations which would have defied the pencil of J. M. W. Turner himself. Yes; to these two cunning enchanters I lost my heart on the spot; and, impatient to effect their ransom, I caused them to be sent that very day, to my room at the Alexandra, where, in due time, I retired to rest, with a cage at each end of my bed. I dreamed that a regiment of Sappers and Miners from the Knightsbridge Barracks was sawing the house to pieces. Pardon me, O brave Life Guards, if you can. There is no limit to the foolishness of dreams. Being only a lodger, I did not feel myself called upon to interfere, until the noise of some hundred and fifty handsaws was suddenly succeeded by a dead silence. Then I awoke, in some confusion of mind; and, by the glimmer of my nightlight, beheld a.million jerboas slapping about the room in evpry conceivable direction, Such a multitude of living creatures I never saw before; not even in the bee-hive. However, on lighting my candle, I found that I had made a trilling mistake. There was only one jerboa. But that one possessed the power of jumping in a million different directions, and staring at me from a million different points of view, at one and the same moment. Hia movements were so noiseless, and his long springs so inconceivably rapid, that the effect they produced was that of a flickering shadow weaving its network from end to end of the room in chequered lines which crossed and recrossed each other so swiftly tliat it made one's head feel quite dizzy to watch them. Common sense assured me that five minutes of such exercise as that would suffice to tire out the noblest-born jerboa that ever traced back its descent to the days of Pharaoh Neeho; so I sat down on the side of my bed, and quietly awaited results. After the lapse of three-quarters of an hour, my faith in common sense began to waver. Twenty minutes later I found it desirable to reject all evidence save that based upon experience; and, as the result I had awaited seemed as far distant as ever, I endeavoured to propitiate my good fortune by overt acts of interference with the natural course of events. I threw down a piece of cake—some bread—a handful of Indian corn. But my enchantments were in vain. I might as well have offered a slice of cold bacon to Brillat-Savarin. Having provided all manner of meats for the entertainment of my guests, I was enabled to try the effect of a cabbage-leaf. After taking just one bite at this in passing, my friend jumped straight into the fender. I did the same; and surprised him so much by my unwonted agility, that ho stood still to stare at me. This little act of indiscretion lost him the game. I caught liim, point blank, and, his own cage being bitten through and through, I put him into that belonging to the Dorsal Squirrel. Quite undisturbed by this summary proceeding, he instantly began to devour every scrap of food he found in the house, to the infinite disgust of its lawful occupant, who cursed him by his gods in tones quite awful to listen to. It is needless to say that this distressing exhibition of profanity was completely thrown away. Unmoved by the muttered oaths of his irascible neighbour, the bold Egyptian followed up his attack upon the food by proceeding to demolish the cage The one task was, clearly, quite as easy to him as the other, and his determination to make short work of it was so strongly pronounced, that I at once recognised the necessity of keeping awake all night. It would have been a weary watch for me, had it not been so inexpressibly amusing. But, to my infinite delight, at the first blush of dawn, my tormentor fell fast asleep—and so did I. The next day being Sunday, the impossibility of procuring a stronger cage impressed me with a feeling very nearly aldn to dismay. Towards eventide, however, the hotel porter, to whom I had confided my trouble, was visited with an inspiration. He brought me a huge wire rat-trap, strong enough to have satisfied the gaolers of Potipliar himself; and this, comfortably padded with tow, formed a convenient habitation from which the compatriot of the Pharaohs could in no wise effect his escape. So, that night, I slept in peace, setting all the Sappers aud Miners in the world at defiance. Two days later, I received notice of a small consignment of marmosets, among which I was fortunate enough to find a Puck who seemed to me really worthy of our pretty Mabsie. If I were only just the least little bit in the world sentimental—which I am not would try to describe the first meeting of the gentle lovers. But, since experience has taught me over and over again, that my pen is unequal to the task of depicting anything at all connected with the rise and progress of the tender passion, all I can say is, that the interview was most touching, and the success of our matchmaking experiment, unbounded The transports of the honeymoon subsided, in process of tune, into a quiet sort of Darbyand-Joan affection, exceeding beautiful to behold; and the happy pair are sitting, at this moment, side by side upon the curtain pole nodding their heads at each other with a grave dignity quite undisturbed by the gambols of the jerboa beneath them, and scarcely ruffled even by the periodical visits Qf the dorsal squirrel, who runs op, every five minutes or so, to inquire how they find themselves. I am not quite sure that I have ever seen a fast young couple of the human species behave so courteously iu the presence of a troublesome visitor; though I make no doubt that our grandfathers and grandmothers were every whit as graceful and as dignfied. Well! I am fond of dignity myself, and I confess that my sympathies are entirely on the side of our venerable progenitors, and on that of the two tiny creatures who so prettily remind me of them, aud who are conversing together, as I write, with such ineffable politeness, that I protest I feel quite ashamed of the roughness of my poor human manners. Per Jovem ! Mabsie is putting up her cheek to be patted; and Puck is actually patting it! May they live happily together for ever after 1 W. S. HOCKSTRO. " The teacher of a country school," continues the same correspondent, " once purchased at my brother's store Artemus Ward's book as a prize to be awarded in his school. The pupil who received it was a young man, to whom the teacher remarked that if he wished some other book he could exchange it. A few days afterwards the youth came to the store and asked to have it exchanged. ' Don't you like it ?' said my brother. 4 Well,' said he, 4 the readin' is tolerable good, but tlifl spellin' ain't right!'Harper's Magazine, 