Parting Words. Lwr Sunday ovcning tho Kov. It Sellors doUvered . hia farewell, address to the con gregation* of .the Albert- Mroct Wtsloyun Church;-. Brisbane. Ho said ho felt ^ lio coald not ptbich a sermon to theDi that evening, cr tako1 a • passage intending to expound it 8!ho had usually tried to expound any pasfigo rdeciod for their meditation, mid ho therefore ywpopud,-ih«tcftd of ,tukin(; it text, to deliver w addrw-i, ns such u eoursu ivouhl leave blni a Hulo nioto freedom mid enable him to touch, upon certain subject* that h»: could not touch upon in tm ordinary pulpit oracouwo. ; It was with feeling* of very deep Wgret thitjui stood tlwro that night for the lose hue as their minister. During tho throe years hu Mil been pormitted to labour in that circuit, he Wd hit very great pleasure in serving tho pwplo Of< God here, in serving tho God who Oftdohinj, in serving tho Saviour who redoumed woi; and he might bo allowed on thai oco »sion to u^k tho question, Wbut iuvd been the tvauU Ol his ministry in Queensland duiing the puel . three^ yoiwa ? And what had boon tho repult « bfc ministry in th» particular church *wchhe hud given mmt of hie m-rvieo* ? 1 -- m fa,V>W deeply \ho r'^jvuifihility of hi* ^. hiarwpoUMhihty to God whir had united ®lttt.tdthn work of tho Ohiiettmt ministry, and , '^l^atdbility to tho im uibvra of tho ehmch Uttl^ (htm the whole counsel of God. •uobad endeavoured to give prominence in hi* ^uistryto the subject of redumption; Uo had J^'^himtulf. beforo his Saviour, hut had »tber Mught-lo be ns nothing in tho presence cf T^K'wh'ero love was tim grout th^mo the- prophetic lutuigtry, and where Jovo • j, tn,;h prou»in«ttc<> by tho Apostle*. • j bairn his glory and d: light lo prem-h i- S^^cl of Cttmgi, mid thoro had bocn • '®;J during which ho had felt u *p*uivl wtcttof the Holy Spitit dwelling upon him, an nnotioif which ho partly attributed to tho prayers of tho pcoplo of God that tho blessing of God would rest upon him, and that ho might preach with the power of tho Holy Ghost! sent down from beavt ri." Well, what had been the rosult of his ministry ? \Vero there sorno who loved Christ moro to-day than they did three years ago ? Some of them had passed through strange exprricncea durtQg that period; they had suffered' trial, and darkness, arid sorrow, and; heaviness, and manifold temptations. What had been their support in thoso vicissi tudes ?-. Had they found the religion of Christ to answer their need in the various circum stances in which they bad-been placed? It was good for them in hoaltb, it was good for theui in sickness and in tho hour of sorrow, it was good .for thorn when they were prospering, and it wn- good for them when they were in adverse circumstances. Were there any present who had felt that their faith had been strength ened, that thcirloyoforOhristhud been deepen* d, that tbeir consecration to tho hfastor had betn 'jtnore thorough, more complete during the thrco years which had just passed? If so, ho thanked God most exceedingly. Then, what had boon tho rcsnlt of his ministry, to those who, in1 a very emphatic Bense, might bo eaid to bo outside of Christ ? •Three years ago thoy worn not fully decided,' and ho feared thoy had not jot closod with Christ. They had not 'come out on the Lord's. ,£ido fully and entirely,, determined to bo His, to bs one with Ilia people ^determined to tuko their eharo of responsibility in the work of the church of God lie should havo to account-to God forhis ministry in that circuit in relation to them, and he implored diviue forgiveness if ho had at "any tiino failed in earnestness or sincerity, or failed to declare unto them' tho whole counsol of God, They would also have to uccuuut for'their opportunities and privilegos. Thoro was a duty of thoso* who heard. " Tako hcod How you hear." .Ho asked thein if thoy had heard with indifference, with' unconcern, with a desire to ridicule tho truth,; with a • rotistanco in their hearts to tho 'truth ?., Had that been their fitsto of mindas . thoy . heard . tho message sometimes- from his v lips and sometimes from tho lips of others associated %rith him in that church? Or had they thought that it was suffioient to attend tho eauptuary and to stand aloof from ..a Christian profesrion and from the Church of God ? He ontreated them, bo -bcreeched them, that night to receive tho word from ono who sought them for Chriat. Their present position was not a eafo ono; • if they wtro, not with Christ,, with hiui in heart, in sympathy, in lovo;.'with bitn by ihyir stead fast purpoao to follow His examplo—if thoy were npt with Christ whero wore, tbey ? Perhaps they might hesitate to say whero. thoy were, but tho Muster assigned to them their position, and enid " Ho' that is not .with mo is .against mo," not^agaiust ino inimtior, not against-the Christian workers connected with that church, hut against Christ. Who could ho satisfied with such a position? They were standing, not ouly aloof from tho church, but thoy woro standing agaiuat Christ, against His iutorcats, and sguiust tho advancement of His kingdom. Lot him -entreat tbom, • let him boscboh them to bo fully deoiJed for Christ. Lot there bo no half-heurtedncss on ihis matter. The wholo of Christ's lovo had been lavished upon them; no lower could Go possibly &toop; than Ho had-stooped in order to save thein Ono with tho Futhur through, all eternity, yet, in.that Ho was rich, for their sakes ho bfcauio poor, that thov, through Ilia poverty, might be made rich ; enriched with H;s grace, euiiohed witb His forgiveness, ontiohud with- His love, onrichod with. His spirit, enriched with nil tho gifts which, in Ilia divine bcueficfnco, ho waits to lavie-h upon thum. Lot thorn surrender ' themselves, to Christ, determined that from that night forth, whatever tin ir p'jpi tion might hire been tbuy would bo Christ's -uwlor ail uircnms:nnccs. ' Cod grant that his biht words from that pulpit tuight bo words of power; words that through thoSpirii'suid might muko an impression which should not p:ts< away ; words-that would load thom to bow in submission to Christ and seek Uii forgiveness. Then ho would urge all, both young and old, to identify theimolves with all things which may appear to bo peculiar, to -Methodism, to ' stand by all its institutions, to eeck for that I ohurch that it might bo rich iu spiritual gifts, rich iii tho gift of prayer, rich iu ibo gift of love, rich in 'strength of unity ami perfect accord in tho Muster's service, rich in the spirit of self'dental and self-sacrifice, aud rich in love for the glory of Christ and for tho spread of His ohurch. When ho looked at the families con nected with ohurch aud ttabbath school, bo felt that with tho blessing of God resting upon tho word and a ready respoutm on tho part of those to whom the wore s came, there v/«* a bright, pleasant, and successful fut ure for that church Sometimes they heard the expression of a desire u to spnak as a dying umu to dyiag men." -And ho could not forget that night the earnest words of quo who immediately preceded htm iu that circuit, their luto brother Wilson. Mr. Wihum had gone from his work to his rest, and tbuy know not how soon the cummers of death might corny to them. Oh I let them ho up ami doing, let them uot slumber, but hu ready with their lamps burning a » that when tho cry cauie they might go forth lo meet the bridegroom. To tho Sabbath School teachers ho would say, bo thoroughly in earnest, and think uot that they could teach children tho way to Christ if ifvcy had not known Him themselves Ho hid 1 felt fur inn»>y yu'irs past u strung aHoidum the young u»sd mi I'urne-t doebe for their r« vwrivn. Now, whi n there w«re so many 1 infltfjiitiM operating from day to d »v to dr. away the desire of iho ehildun from Ghrfet. let there be nothing lucking on thy part of teachers in the way of oonscoraHon to God, in the way of lovo for the young, for their welfare nr.d Cor th ir conversion in tho days of their youth. If Ihoy could only vooiirc for Christ !h« young men who attended tin services of that nuictuavy what a utiifr of Christian .workers tlicy would have ro nsi-tat in the various branches of church Mgrmtairion ! /!.♦ we* tlir.ukful (ta»( imuiy of the sonier scholars had been added tn the church from time to time, ami ptuyed Unit, many more would soon bo gathered into the fold. Ho could desire for tho members of that church tind congregation no greater blessing that Paul,desired for tho mombers of the church at Corinth in tho benediction, u The grace of tho Lord Jesus Christ, tho love of God, the Communion of the Holy Spirit bo with you all" —with them in every assembling of tho church, with them in tho more privato means of grace, with them in their daily toil and anxiety, with them in every sorrow, with them in tho whole futuro of their lives.. He ardeutly desired for. them grace for duty, graca for suffering, grace for prosperity, grace for adversity.. Slay they lovotb* Mustor with an increasing lovo day by day aud wbou they had fioinhud their course on earth see Him aud oujoy Him for over. Amen. 