A COUPLE OF "CUPS" AGO. \-- .ILOS THE COnowa mREE RIBBS. I might have been tl.e aomething of lupplication that wasin the firm voire he had known so long. It might be that his own fear for his friend was roused, but lie told what he knew brok enly, as if he also felt there was a sorrow coming. "And. oh! believe me, 3!rs Tracey, I pat mny hand upon his shoulder as I used to do when I was a boy, I mean younger than I am," he exclnimed with a s:amnmer, "and the words I said were, 'Dear old Dick I can't go home without you ' Thenthe answered sharply and loudly, but there was no one in the street to hear, that his engagement was pTirate." B Her voice sounded broken an-I distant in the darkness as she seoke again: "This is not like my son. I do recognise him. What else ? I am waitingand arraild." 'I [turned to leave, and he turned, then came back a few steps, holding out his bhand. Fern couhl but just hear the lady's voice, and lie knew if there Lad ;.been light he would have seen teals on her face. "'What did lie say?" "lie said good bye., and God bless you:" In a inmrnent her pn'e face was close to the speaker's and tier hau.ls were hold. ing his "Charley Fern, for your poor mothers pake I have w.tc:hed over you and loved you next to ,lIy own th!lse many years. You will do llny wishl now as you always have, lily ron. 'You are ioy' only and best dependen.o. This niighlt .i nmust gothack to town andl find l~iichnrd." HIer hand had foundl his shoulder, just as his own had foinl andl rested en her son's a few hours before and with like persua ling. ' Do not return to Alfred Cottage without him." F.In could n,,t eve the face, but he could feel the tream ling hand. There was a lpause; the silence seemed heavier titan befo're. '"Did you ever know Dick t gaoil'e ?"i Charley felt the hand close upon his s!loulier, andi lie knew the tone oft bhrear r.,ent and fear that was in the answer. "Yes." ", o not stay up, Mrs Tracey. At any hour of the night, or of the day when I hlar, found hiin, I will return." ' Go; s,,e it is dlark, the lights are \--"'i-:ro .aut tf)mI the Bay, and from the town. Cllir.v, ttfieru- t--r..,at danger. I :;ian feel it, as though ;I knew itow what I sl:'1l ;knoe l:ereafler. Remember th:e ae a s eluh..l os- ecs andl maybe a breaking heart at AI!rel Cotta'e. I can only pray.: the frientd of the widow and of the fatherless. He will help you." The voice broke into sobs. He put hirs str.n.g, young arms around her gently, and held her hand, as he ha-d led her to the verandtah. IHe saw another figure flitting upl before them, and when lie brought the wilow to the darker darkness, whiere the climbing flowers were, her daughters voile spoke I ravely. i The day was well advanced towards the afteinonn when M.r 'Tracey, looking curiously tired nnd liusty, found his way to the hotel, where the gay and hon ourablle men assemble a?ho ihceng to the sporting circle. The blohoming wearers of blazing stones and hen'sy watch chains, and he,tA ier fa.es- Iadness in eves anl specen---Ihad nitt yet crome. 'They were away ucing threir Ie alli, pencils in the award, contmniplating their wires in the colours and siles thi y hid locked from pigeons, andl othlt:wis tbustling an,! aspressive with nl:i.s and lustly curses. There was other nl'e an I drawn faces in the Stand in not a few seat a of the f ont or from the frcut. '1', I v were scattred manywheres ti ere drifts of ffortun, with the anathemria f sptcul tin on t em. But the sporting meni. w ith their I ooks and bets, and battred colas of I o:tor, were in huge form n xu:tint r. l and loud. They had not yet r t;'ne.l fr. m their har-est, an'. their l-uitg.ring eves were still greedy ahulJe their figures T.:e coun:rtrejofiti e hotel whI rerthe ot urtble circle cotgre'ated were silent whei 'ITrac'e entered. Tie hawks had not flown homlonwards yet, to shriek the odds for the following lay and ruf'le themlselves above the chances. The barmaids were dressed nn-I silent, ?,iting for the irrut tion and the waiters raw Tracey walls wearily intowardi's o .t of the private rooms. He pausel for a nmo:ent, camine back to the cjuntt"r and drank some brandy, then entered andti c'otd the door. A waiter of supernatural ocse vs. tion drew a nIpltin throu. h hisl hand anil obseroed to a ciiiipanion how 1it thought 't..at 'err core was hard hit." Tracey olosed the door quietly behiindt hint and sat down. He took a little phial fromn h's pocket andulled the paper. :om0 it, on whiici was print,,, a druggist's werning of poison. lie lookedi at the liquid with . set depsiriung face. In a fesw minutes he s-ould le away over the threshold and into the gloom if the urnknovwn, where were the ,rrorvul raeea a"ghint o0 so many who had lialteil on tithe iighiway tt, heaven. Then rose leftoroe Iliint the tace of his mother. It came to hlii as ihe had knun it in thile past hltilht wiilth lfe and happiness, and titled with a ,love for hil ,thar was almost worhip. Not so long ago it now seems to him. he renmem bered that face u tn t'.o sands w.en tlhe clear skylino ru'e I his tight from the distant lands and the far seas she had told him of. As p'a:nly then as on tbe day that was in those past year, can.ti before him the grcen of the pasture Inn,'s and the sombre tints .:twhere toe heath blossom g!eanled, anl the great orgar rocks cchoing back the music of the sea -there the tender face, witr its lights that.was all for him, with his mother's trust and pride, and the wondering eyes of Barbara.neal. These followed him; these were drawing him back across thl:o years into the times when the sareduncEs of the dying day clothed with goldtn blesoingtho silent trees and the distant mnountains; when the ealness that is not sorrow I tll upa .;im, mixed with hop. or the future and the cominz days when he could go out for thern in the sunrise of life to discharge thedebt that had made his so happy, and bestowed upon it so nmuch that was beautiful and fair. While these thoughts were with him the uhial lay in his palm, and with them he drifted from the past into the future. His mother's hair was white now; bow would her tranquil face look when she received the news ? IIH could picture the hopeless tess and the desolation of it. Iowiwoulll he have returned the blessings and the love he had njoyed1 7 Her son, atraidl to meet his eon Pvior;, and a enward en,,urh to seek di ath, founl dead in a "sporting" hotel, she wrceked of everythiun, and without the consolation of the memory of him, t~at lie was alsoa aloult to wreck. IHer home, her means of living, her support gone. doubly wid owed, and hopeless and lost. And Barlars, with her bright hair and noble face toiling for the sustenance that he shouldh have toiled for, unprotected, and tramp ed on by the hurring feet of the striving world--the refined :home gone mother and sister adrift-where ? Mr Richard Tracey raised his hand, and the little crystal thing he had spert so long in trying to obtain was shivered in frag nrents below the grate. while a perfume as ,of almonds of wattle llosnom filled the room Iie had no idea whether t o fi:tures which swam before hint had occupied an hour or three. The room was dark, and the sounding of feet and hum of voices from which oath and malediction shot, heat atgainst the door. A thin line of light crept under it at the thresho'd fromt where the voices" were wrangling and jarring, were hoarse laughter shook them, emphasised with calls and jangling glasses. Froni this window lie could see the calm stars and the quivering pathway the moon was making on the sea. The temp ation had been overcome, but the trial he had determined to avoi.i was waiting, bitterer than ever. He had wrecked his home, and in his' recklessness had thrown his nother's and sister's tmoney to the greed that was surgin. out beyond the line of light ruled thl re at the door. Voices setppedl rt it anti passed it, disordered and triunsphant men rolled against it and sta gered on-past the scene of a bitter struggle than any on the course that day. Traeey listened in a stupor of miental exhaustion. A hand came out of the babel, fell upon the handle, hoei tated, and left it, Shouts of anger and mocking voices cenme in across the narrow line of light. How long wopldl the} and fhtllrein-.t,pandamtnium have halted if he had been carriet-nuestenrk.?_.Such was the world, or a part of it,. on which he contemplated turning his mother and sister adrift. God help him" he leaned )vor towards the window silently; and :hastened by the rest that was i. the silver ni.?ht and t he beauty that was in he gli.ter of the distant sea, he prayed tnd wept. I"Tn there, sir. the gent went, but that yere ir. the afternoon," said the discrrim nating waiter. pointing to tlhe doer. And toe door that had shut hint'with his thoughts slong, opened'wide and the glare and confusion tided it. Richard T'rcey was racer by the window, lookinc white, before t':e dim light that met the larkness. Ctharley Fern was on the t!lhrchohll, loIoking bewildered and nervous He had .wandered everywhere he cou!l think of. and the present was his third visit to the honnurable circle of sporting -gntlemen. 'he waiter [slipped in nimlly, and the room became so bright as the bar leyond. "Oh, Dick, I-I have keen searching for you since eight o'clock, and Mrsa !'racey is frightened and heartbrok n. fearing `that something hal happened. Ihank God I have found you alive anti well-that is middling. Dick, let us go htime:I was getting afraid, too; it is past midnight." "gi:t down, Charley; I want to speak to ,I U.", "Wait till we get home, Dick. You look like ia ghost." 'Mr Trace l.er ton without h' di , the tequast: ''I told you to-day I was not strong croucth to go hrlin, ,nd that I hId 'nn er gegmert to li ep. I Atn scarcely strong enough to, go I o0,, even rIw, ant I lhave n t' khptihe e.r gagel?Pieit I mtlde.. If it had been full filled you woull have found me % ing dead on thlit ~sofa. Lo you see those spirkling pie. is of glass below the grate ,nid smell th pet fume of almonds 7 I cast ts the trat'on fron me. CJtarle' Fern, tnnl diil not controit suio:a,." 'The I)tle. nervele.s fce, anrd the unsreadly boding of the' eve, so altered it. friendt t l Charley Fern that he seanroely knewv him. "Did yosu evr see a man weepinR1 If yoi hal beein Ihere an hoiur or hour' ago, J cannot tell whnlt, you wou1t he,,' reen mis tore wsepi. g tind prtayino. ht thi e trial will It turitile itnd I atI iot yet atriiong enotugh to go tomn and dieuso so it h?m ;huir misery.' "Their raisiry ?" '"Thl'ir misery : thlt tliey are poenni 1 as outCHsts e nd brutearTIe. at the old miesi, ourt olt Iornte Charley, is lost to is, th at their shares in the railway anl sth banrk, are lost, that tills are unpaid, ?ta that I--" lin itruclk hiis ,teast sevagely with his open htandl, "whllt tlhey lookedl to s their asut!piit have Irought ,Il thi' ruin nud disurce tinon them. Look st me well Chiarley Fern, I hIave thla it all." "iDut-" "Ay, you would ask how I have done it?" Seeking to retrieve losses under the cursed spell of the ganbhling *pirit, I plunged with muy rnothere and istars mnenny time actir tite and I tried ti ~in it a:l bhack this Cup. lie liiugh'd asd wiped thie aweat from his forehead and his wet, brown hair. I To be Coetiuud. 