MISS LOUISE ROMERO Y AS HAMLET The representation of the character of Hamlet is one that even a most capable actor might shrink from undertaking. Ic involves long and careful sfudy, keen powere of appren- hension, and resources of Interpretation that few possess, for while every reading man has his own conceptions of what Hamlet ought to be, not one in ten thousand would have the temerity to say that he could give a fair portrayal'of his own conception of the complex part. The critics of Hamlet are legion, the real Ham lets are one in a million. For a lady, therefore, to undertake the rOlc indicates great confidence in her own powers. A very large part of the audience assembled at the Royal on Saturday were no doubt brought together from motives of curiosity. It would not be hazarding too much to say that very loony people expected to be able to extract a large amount of amusement out of the repre sentation of the Prince of Denmark by a lady. All those people who weut to- the Boyalon Saturday with the expectation of enjoying a little quiet fun must have been agree ably disappointed. From the very outset Mm Pomeroy commanded respect and carried her audience with her. Her make-up was faultless, und possessing a good figure and elastic gait her stage presence was all that could be de3ired even from an exacting stand point. All through she gave a careful, quiet and acceptable reading of the part, and in erring she judiciously erred, on the ride of moderation. In many parts, of course, the impersonation was intensely feminine. It was in fact a marvel that Miss Potneroy succeeded bo well as she did in un seating herself — so to speak. If she were a hard favored sturdy woman success in the part might have been anticipated, but Mis Poueroy possesses in a marked degree all those graces that distinguish true women from the sterner sex. Having said this much in the lady's praise, commen dation most cease. The rendering of the part was a mere stage reading. As a performance by a lady of a man's part the impersonation was a marvel of ability, but as a representation of the famous Shakspearian creation, Hamlet, it was a failure. For no one moment could one imagine that the Prince of Denmark had revisited these glimpses of the moon. There was a lack of that spon taneity that shines out of every word and move ment of the actor who can infect himself with the idea that he is Hamlet. The soliloquies were mere recitations, and the apostrophe to the skull of Yorick was devoid of that pathos that should tremble in every word. The first part of the performance was given at a laggard's pace by the whole company, and when it was found that time had been lost the two last aetB were gabbled over in an unsatisfactory maimer. Miss Carrie George pl&yed; the Queen in a dignified manner, and Miss Annnie Mayor made a most engaging: Ophelia. A more Hibernian King Claudius than that of Mr. Garden never sat npon a throne. His brogue is broad, full, loud and deep. Mr. Vin cent's Ghost is as unghostly a ghost as ever walked with heavy step aero a stage. As a whole, however, the performance was kept up to the standard of mediocrity by the members of the old Theatre Koyal com pany, including Mr. 11. N. Jones as Polonius and Mr. Appleton as Horatio. Mr. Arthur Elliot as LaertoB did not distinguish himself. The performance will be repeated to-night. 