IRovelist. GRIT. A story or tho past and present; of Ordl hary mon and Ordinary things, in Ordi nary language. ?BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR Ol' ' IN TIIE FOLDS OK THE SJiRl'ENT,' ' SILVERWATER I1HND, ETC.' 'Be suro tliy sin will Unci thee out.' . It is a beautifnl.belief : That over round our head : Aro hovering on angel wings, , The spirit.-; of tlio dead. CHAPTER lii. — (Conhndkd.) . -Tho uoxt day as ho sat in . tlio armchair, (licit1 jvas li ring at tlie gate, and ho saw liis (laughter come up tlio path., Iu a few moments bIic was in liis arms. 'Dear father, I've ruineil you,' she said, kneel ing at his feet. 'No, 110, child,' was the (lrcainy reply ; 'things aro all right ; the reel's been struck. Tliey thought tho old. irian lind lost all, but it's nonsense ; I've .. just struck the goldon stone.' Bcrtlm looked wonderhigly at lier father. ' What reef, fatlior ?' she .asked, inspired with a certain degree of hope, 'I thought you had sold out all your shares.' 'No, no,' was the meaningless reply, 'tlio reefs been struck, but thoy don't know it, so they think I'm ruined. Go and herd the sheep, llertha. It's all right.' And ho laughed a feeble, fatuous laugh. Bertha put her liauds over her eyes. A light now dawned on her mind. The blow had been too heavy. Her father's reason was gone. Her sup position was too truo. Mr. Whito had in 0110 day , ueconio a helpless inibccile, possessed of tho idea ' that a golden reef had been struck iii his claim I There was littlo left of the wreck of his fortune. Bertlia moved into a humble cottago in Fitzroy, and for a time stemmed tlie title of evil fortune. . Hoetor had called upon her, aud endeavored to mako her fulfil her promise ; hut -slio refused to . ever see him again. She told him plainly that it was dishonorable to attempt to gain lier hand by .promising to assist her father out of his difficulties ' when ho could not. There was an evil light in Hector's face, as he turned to go ; lmt Bertha had .novel- known a happier moment. True, sho had a trriblc fight with tho world before her, hut ; then sho was young aud bravo, andfrco. Was that ; not enough ? But Bertha found out that Melbourne was as stony-hearted as any great city sho had ever read about. Everyone was too much taken up with his . own concerns to care about his neighbois' sorrows, and employment of any kind was scarce, especially for thoBO who know 110 trado. Perhaps this iB not correct ; there was i-lcnty of employment, but there was a vast number of people looking after it. Her pride would not allow lier to scoli help from thoso sho had known hi better times; tlio manner iu which tliey neglected her showed that application would havo been fruitless; and, after a vain struggle to get fitter employment, Bertha had to go to tlio factor)'. To obtain work even tlicro wus difficult. ; ? But the bad fortune which had fallen upon the girl only brought to light the full strength of lier character. She did not pino and lament ; she put her hand to tho plough, and : worked on in the hope that sho would in time bo able to lay something by, and perhaps riso in tho warehouse and becomo a saleswoman. Sho took every opportunity to learn, and got on very well, although, the hard work and . constant confinement told severely upon her frame. Still, tho. life was not without its pleasures. It was delightful to get out of tlio factory when six o'clock struck, and to go homo and prepare supper for herself and the old man, and then sit and sew and talk with him in the evening. He had completely changed now ; he was mild and childlike, his babble being continually about reefs and gold, nnd shepherding tho flock. Ho appeared to ?I'd always under tho idea that Bertha had been hording tho sheep. all day, and now and then he wondered 1 what : had becomo of Lassy. For a time Bertha was puzzled , how to secure his being occupied and amused' during tho long hours when sho was at work ; but at last she hit upon tho idea of taking him to the Public Library;; and after that ho found' liis way i there regularly every day, taking his lunch with him. Many frequenters of the Library will remember him, an old, grey-headed man, bent and withered, with a childish look of innocent enjoyment in his face. His favorite bay was that where works on geology aro to bo found, and here I10 would stay all day, studying mines arid mineralogy, and occasionally copying passages; Ho seemed thoroughly to enjoy this life. CHAPTER LII. Bertha was a never-failing source of sur prise to her companions in tho work-room. 'When they camo out tlie girls would get together and gosaip about their sweethearts, and the gentlemen they knew. Nay, they would hardly have left tho warehouso when vthoy would be met by young fellows who would escort them within tho sight of home, .and mako appointments for tho future. To be without a sweothenit, was to be out of llie world ; and to tho work-girl's imagination no term conveyed so much opprobrium as '. She's got no chap.' That was the Alpha and Omega of reproach; tlio most withering satire. If, therefore, a girl was unfortunate enough to lose lior sweetheart, either through a quarrel, his having taken up with another girl, or his Icavingi the country, she at once made haste to lay in n new stock, to escape tho reproach of being swcetheartless. It pained Bertha deeply to see much of what went on, the folly ilnd heedlessness of her companions, who could bo lured to their destruction by shallow but designing fools; and she kept herself apart. Yet Bho could sympathise with the poor creatures. She could comprehend how eagerly these poor overworked girls would accept any prospect to be relieved from their monotonous wearying toil. Almost anything seemed better to them than this slavery — and how delighted they would be at the chance of a homo for themselves. Bertha saw the dangers of a great factory. A number of girls, good and bad, wero massed together, and the bad had a baneful and powerful influence. It was almost impossible to escape, especially when the linger of scorn was pointed at any girl who held out, and was spiritless enough not to enter into the 'fun.' Besides, a girl who had only a beau in her own station of life was not thought much of — sho would pass in a crowd ; but the girl who could claim to bo regarded by a gentleman — why, sho wasquito a queen. At first, the girls were disposed to chaff Bertha because sho had no beau, but somehow her sweet nature so wrought on them that thoy ceased to tease. Ono or two of tho girls, however, took it into their heads that Bertha had a prior attach ment ; and under this impression they tried to argue with her that, oven if she loved some one who was absent, that shouldn't interfere with a littlo flirtation, ' just to keep her heart up,' tho girls said. But Bertha only smiled, and after a while she was let alone, at least, by the girls. But let it not be supposed that the youths of Melbourne, who are ever on .the lookout for something fresh, and study the factory girls with a fervor, which if directed to books, would make tliem the greatest scholars of the ago, could allow so beautiful a creature to escape their notion. Inured Bertha was perfectly pestered with them. They hung about tlio door in tho little lane at which tho sowing girls went in and out, and at six o'clock there was sure to be a young fellow waiting to pay court to tho 'beautiful milliner.' But in vain would ho try every means of catching her attention ; in vain ho would get tho other girls to introduce him — Bertha passed on. 'In niaidon meditation fancy freo,' and the gallant would whistle and repair to a neigh boring hotel to drink down his disappoint ment. Although Bertha never hoard of Jack now, his image never left her mind ; his name was engraven in hor heart in letters too deep to be ever jerased. His face haunted her dreams, and rose up before hor when she was at her work. How often she wept for him in the solitude of hor little room I How often the photograph I10 had given her when they had plighted their troth, was kissed and kissed in passionate rapture! How sho longed for a sight of his dear face, if only for a moment. But days passed and time went on, and she never heard of him, although Blie went occasionally to Gordon;& Gotch's, to readjthe Grit newspapers, in tho hope of seeing him mentioned. She wondered how it had fared with him in tho great convulsion. Some times her yearning became so great that she felt almost compelled to write to Jack — but her womanly modesty stayed her pen. How deeply, truly, she loved him, although indig nant at the ' errors sho thought I10 had com mitted. Bertha might have struggled on and sur mounted dilliculties had not her father fallen ill. This was a great trial, as she had to hire someone to attendhim and also to invest in littlo delicacies which soon made the slender purse run short ; and at tho sime we meet her she had hardly a sixpence in the world, and, worse than all, this was lier last day in tho factory. She had been discharged, why, no ono knew. Deep was tho sympathy of the other girls, and many the conjectures. Bertha's tears flowed plentifully over her machine when sho heard the cruel mandate, and hor heart failed her when sho looked into tho future — especially when sho considered that tho factories were overstocked at that time, it being the slack season. Sho did not know what to do. If no. ono can guesB why Bertha was dis charged, we can. The second partner, Mr. Clack, was a fine, handsome man, of 'about thirty, who had worked his way up to be the real head of tho firm. He had worked very hard in his time, and now thought ho might indulge in a little of this world's pleasures. He thought I10 would mako amends for his sterile youth, and after a few years of what he called pleasure, marry and forget it all. However, the result was ono that often ocours. 'Pleasure' mastered him, and lie became tho slave of his own passions, the hardest master men can have. ? Mr. Clack, who seldom saw any employes except tho principals, chanced to got a glimpse of Bertha one evening as she was coming out of tho workroom, and immediately the inflammable tinder of his heart took fire. He became impressed with the idea that ho had never seen a beautiful girl until Bertha had como under his survey. Of course I10 made love to her at once, and was perfectly non plussed to find her impervious to all his soft speeches and flattery. She passed on without giving him an answer. To think that ono of his sowing girls would do this 1 Why, he had never spoken to ono of them before, who had not gono almost into hysterics of joy if he had deigned to show her tho smallest attention. Mr. Clack made a very poor dinner that even ing. Next day ho charged the enemy again, but was - coldly repulsed. Ho didn't know what was the matter. He know he was dread fully in love, but how to obtain a moro favorable result he failed so see. Weeks passed, and still he was in tho samo position, not one stop morb forward. He took counsel with his friends, and they advised him to try different means; but failure marked them' nil'. Ho even sent a splendid present to Bertha,1 with a beautiful letter, composed by a young'prcssman, with whom lie associated at Ollivor's Caf6 — that resort of tho fourth estate — but 1 it fell fiat, and tho present was sent back. Driven to his wit's end, Mr. Clack now took into his confidence a gentleman who was noted in affairs of tho heart. His friend was ready with a remedy at once. Let tho girl be discharged, I10 advised, and slanders circulated to prevent her getting employment elsowhere. Mr. Clack was almost completely demoralised by tho life1 lie had led, and tlio companions with whom I10 had . associated ; but this was rather too bad for him, so he liuug about Bortlia for another week, and went even so far as to visit her; but ho was yory rudely, repulsed. Then Mr. Clack, after absolutely crying with vexation, resolved to use tlie -harshest measures, and, listening to the tempter, ho procured tho discharge of tho innocent girl, not, however, without suffering sundry pangs of remorse, which not even a round of champagne could remove. ' CHAPTER LIII. Whon 'six o'clock came, Bertha walked out of the warehouse with her companions, heavy at heart. The thoughts of her poor old father brought tears to hor eyes. Sho found . many sympathisers ; and some of tho girls suggested that they would give her as much of the work they used to take home with them, as, they coulu. Her heart overflowed with gratitude to those poor girls, and slio parted with tlioin affectionately. As it was ; winter; ? tho night had como, and it was quite dark whon Bertha walked through the Parliament Reserve. She was sighing wearily, when someone touched her on tho arm. Turning round, sho saw with alarm that Mr. Clack was by her side. His face wore a singular expression, half sliamo, half determination. Bertha drew her faded shawl around her, and endeavoured to pass on. 'Bertha,' said Mr. Clack in a hurried un certain manner, ' why don't you listen to nio? I love you madly. I could kill myself for you. Lovo me, Bertha, and you shall have whatever you desire.' IKS ' Why don't I listen to you ?' said Bertha, turning her face full upon him, 'Ask that horrible corpse that was laid on the slabs of tho morguo last week. Onco it was callcd Bessy Ransom. A few months ago bIio was tho merriest girl in your workshop ; now she lies in tho grave, and who sent her there?' She looked into his eyes until. I10 quailed, and shrank back. ' Mr. Clack,' said Bertha, ' you are a young man ; and there is a great future before you if you choose. There are nobler aims in this world than thoso that lead you captive now.' And she walked on, leaving tho young man gazing after her stupidly. Sho had opened up to his mental vision a vista of crime so terrible that it staggered him. He remembered poor Bessy too well, and for tho moment I10 was stricken with shame and remorse, and his better feelings, nearly lost by his course Of life, began to return. ' But his passions wero roused to the utmost ; and when a man allows his passions to govern him, they drivo him unrelentingly. In a few ? minutes ho recovered himself, and resolved to stiflo all tlio warnings of conscience. As he walked away, I10 began to devolopo a plot that would, lie thought, enable him to obtain a favorable opportunity to urge his suit with Bertha. He could not then tell what lie would do, but ho felt that lie must havo Bertha, whether sho would bo his or not. The scene that had taken place had not been without a witness. ? A gentleman, looking prosperous and comfortable, had just come out of the Parliament House, which was lit up — the legislature^ being in session. He utterid an exclamation of surprise, and appeared intensely pleased. His destination had evidently been Bourko-street, but now he altered his course and walked after Bertha. This gentleman was none other but Hector Macinnis. Ho had lost sight of Bertha for a long time, and' had given her up as lost to him for evor. But now that he met her once more, his lovo revived, and he followed lier. Ho argued from her appearanco that sho was not prosperous, and from this entertained hopes that he could easiiy win her. Things had prospered with Hector since we saw him last. He had cautiously steered his bark, refusing to listen to tho siren pipings of those who sought to lead him to his destruction . Steering a safe middle course, it seemed likely enough that ere long the utmost extent of his ambition would bo gratified. It was with a sort of terror, however, that ho thought Jack might now be married to Bertha, and that if he followed her I10 might meet his old enemy. Still, tho passion that was devouring him led him on, and lie was soon alongside the poor girl. Bertha was terrified when lie accosted her; but regaining lier composure, she soon lot him understand that she did not desire his company. She did not oven deign to speak to him. Hector saw it was 110 use, and stayed behind. ' Well,' said he, as he turned 011 his heel, ' Thoso who will not do a thing must be made to do it. I'll humble that proud girl before many days aro over my head.' And he joined tho crowd in Bourkc-stroet with a singular sinilo on his face. Ho feared nothing now.- Ho thought lie was free as tho air. CHAPTER LIV. ?Bertha found lier father sitting in the arm chair, supported by cushions. - Ho was very weak, and the pallid appearance of - his face inspired her with alarm. The nurse, a great awkward girl, was dozing at the scanty fire, dreaming of tho baker, of whom she had become enamored. Tho old man's eyes lit up with pleasure whon his daughter entered. ' You're late to-night,' said I10 ; ' havo tho sheep been hard to hurdle ? Sheep aro curious animals, and stubborn as mules. Never mind, girl, the crushing will soon be finished, and then you won't have to herd tho sheep any more 1' Bertha almost burst into tears, but desiring to keep from her father any cvidcnco of care, she woke up the girl and prepared tea. It was a simple task. She put a few tea leaves into the pot, and after letting it draw, poured out a cup for her. father, for, like all old Australians, he was extremely fond of the beverage ; and then sho filled the pot up with water, at which the nurse innately rebelled, although Bertha shared alike with her. A small loaf was then produced, and a Lilli putian pat of butter. The nurse soon made the loaf look still smaller, and shame alone prevented her from taking all tho butter ; but sho might ' have done so, for poor Bertha hardly ate anything. While partaking of this' meagre rejiast, two very different sounds disturbed the air. A gay operatic melody, in which tlio voices of women and men were joined, now and then swelled upon tho air. At intervals low moans wero hoard, and once or twice tho shriek of a man as if in anguish. Bertha shuddered. After a pause, the notes of tho piano broke the silence, and a prac tised hand poured out 'Stride ta Vampa.' What agonising memories those strains brought back to Bertha's memories. Iu - happier days the piano had been her great solace, and how often had sho played that beautiful air. Strange effect of musio ! It seems to play upon the unseen chords of tho brain, and to create a harmony unheard but. felt. Its magio touches releases from the cells of oblivion the thousand memories that liavo slumbered as if dead; it wakes up the phan toms of the past that lie in tho deepest recesses of the heart, until tho spectral procession fills the eyes with sympathetic tears. But hark I tho grand, thrilling air, by which Azucena recalls the upward roll of the flames that destroyed her parent ceases, and after a few chords, the piano evolves the glorious brin disi, ' II scyrcto per csser jeliei,' 'suggestive only of tho glowing goblet, tlio festive dance, the joyous caress of love; arid a voice, a fine, manly voice, rings again as it follows the Bymphony : — ' H segroto per cssor fclici,. Si provaq Tin signo ngli amici.' ; Bertha's tears, had been stealing down her clieekprior to this, |but now apalo flush came into hor face, and alarm was depicted on hor countenance. Sho recognised tho voice — it was that of Mr. Clack. Ho knew whore sho lived, and had followed her. It may be as well here to give somo idea of the street in which Bertha, for tho Bake of economy, lived. It was in one of the loading suburbs, and was callcd Willow-street, be causo a solitary specimen of that tree had been successfully cultivated by one of the first settlers. Ho often boasted ho had planted it when tho spot, now so thickly peopled, was a wilderness. Bertha dwelt in a little brick oven, which had been erected when Fitzroy was first inhabited. On ono side of tho house was a large build ing, which ? : was a boarding establishment much affected by the theatrical profession ; indeed there wero operatio stars living there now, which accounted for the. musio. The youngsters of the neighborhood looked upon it as an earthly paradise. On tho other sidu of Bertha's liouso was a wretched littlo weatherboard box, with tho windows boarded up, tlio general aspect being one of desolation. Few had over seen tho inmates, who generally moved about in the night ; but thoso who lmd been lucky enough to catch a glimpse of them, avowed the place was tenanted by a haggard man and a pale, bedraggled woman. The latter was well- known to tho barmaid at tho Corner Hotel, who declared that sho could not tell what was dono with tho beer she purchased. Indeed, she was a valuable customer. It was from this hovel that the groans wore now procoeding. What a contrast ! Gaiety, laughter, music, on one sido 1 moans and misery on the other. Bertha put lier father to bed, and after re ceiving his customary kiss, sho returned to the littlo parlor, and sat gazing at the fire, pondering over the situation, and trying to think of some means of meeting her difliculty. Her discharge was so unexpected, that sho had been utterly unable to lay up something to keep herself and her father while sho was out of work. No course that she could think of was feasible. Soon sho followed the example of tho servant girl, who had gono off to sloop, and dozed fitfully. In one of thoso dozes she saw Jack onco more. He was standing with her 011 tho hill above Grit, and their flocks were feeding quietly in the distance, while Spot nnd Lassie wero playing together amongst the bushes. Suddenly Jack pointed to tho ground, which began to open, and be neath tlieir feet appeared a wall of snowy stono in which specks of rich yellow gold ap peared. Soft musio trembled through the air; and looking up, Bertha beheld a beau tiful being, nttired as it in a voil of gold, gazing upon them with pleasure in her eyes. But the vision faded quickly, and Bertha woko to find that some ono was knocking at tho door. 1 At first Bertha was terribly afraid, but when sho heard a women's voice say, ' Is anyone in?' sho went to the door and opened it. A servant girl stood without. Bertha at once recognised her as one of those cm ployed at the boarding house. ' I believe you do sewing?' said the girl. ' Yes,' replied Bertha. ? So thoy thought next door,' said tho do mestic. ' Ono of tho ladies wants a dress made up quick and sho told mo if you liked you could go down to this address to-morrow and help in malting it. It's quite a grand affair ; sho wears it in tlio next play.' Bertha hardly knew how to reply. Certainly she folt glad at tho idea of somo work ; but then sho remembered that Mr. Clack was next door, and this might bo a mere attempt to enablo him to have an interview with her, and she doubted him very much. Indeed, she felt she could not listen to any words of love, however honost. Her heart was Jack's. But then she was. so poor, and tho wago the girl mentioned was sufficient to keep tlio house for some weeks, and by that time, perhaps, she would have other employment ; so she acceptcd tho offer. Bertha was revolving tho matter in hor mind whon there was another knock, and a very sweet voice said, 'Can I come in?' Bertha went again to the door and opened it. A beautiful woman, handsomely dressed, stood there. , Bertha thought lior lovely, but there was a strange look in her face, and she seemed to survey her with a deep and searching interest. At last she seemed to have satisfied her curiosity, arid turning her eyes away, Bertha heard hor sigh. 'Miss White,' said tho lady, 'I want to talk to you, if only for a few minutes, upon a matter that does not admit of delay.' Bortlia now recognised hor. Slio had often seen her looking out o£ tho. windows of the boardirig-liouse, when slio was passing. She showed her in, pondering in her own mind what this eventful night would bring forth. ' Miss White,' said the girl, 'you do not recognise me, yet I know you. well, and have known you for many years. Then, however, you were in a vastly different position to what you aro now, but,' sho added, 'that has not altered you.' Bertha looked at her in an astonished way. The woman gazed earnestly at Bertha, and then burst into tears. 'You aro beautiful,' sho said, 'in spite of all; beautiful, beautiful. Ah! I don't wonder now that he loved you !' Bertha began to wonder whether lier visitor was deranged, and began to fool alarmed. ' You may well look astonished,' said the girl ; ' but when I tell you who I am, you will wonder no more. I am Maggie 1' A crimson flush suffused Bertha's cheek. Then this was the woman who had brought division between her and Jack, and who had made her cast liim off. . 'Don't be angry with mo,' said Maggie; ' it's all over now. Ho never loved me. I beliovo lie hated 1110 at last. I was to blame throughout. I thought I could steal his lovo ; but I only succeeded in giving to myself a life without the slightest hope of the love that alone could brighten it.' Bortlia's noble soul was roused when she saw this poor girl aroused to such emotion. How well she could understand lier — sho who loved Jack so passionately aud hopelessly liorsolf. 'Oh, yes!' said Maggie, 'how madly I loved Jack, and he never returned it. Seo here,' she continued, putting her hand into hor bosom and drawing , thcncc a miniature; 'this is all I havo left ;' it never quits my breast.' Bertha -looked atiit. Thoro was the noble, handsomo facc of the boy they. loved. Maggio kissed it with feverish ardor, and returned it to her breast. At this, Bertha's face flushed again, for she could not keep down a jealous feeling. But, remembering tho disastrous effects of her jealousy, slio strove to triumph over it. 'What a happy, thoughtless life I lived,' said Maggie, 'until I met him. Then my whole soul concentrated into that hopeless love.' Bertha did not know what to say. She would like to comfort Maggie, but knew not how to proceed. , ' But it was not for tho purpose of crying over my lost lovo that I.oamo .here to-night,' said. Maggie. 'I came to warn you of what Booms to mo to mean you somo peril.' ' How ?' asked Bertha. ,,, 'When-I left Grit,' said Maggie— 'then Jack was lost to mo — 1 was so wearied- of being a barmaid, that I turned my attention to tlio stage, being a good singer — you re member I was a member of tho Grit Dramatio Club; and I havo taken, a fair position here. I live in tho next liouso, whioh is a groat resort of tho profession. It is of course a very fine i place, nnd admirers of tlie stage como there, among whom is a Mr. Clack, a warehoso man, whom I havo noticed behind tho scones. Ho is at our place now, and I noticed him in grave conversation, with Miss Dcmby, a boufffi actress, whoso principles I doubt. Thoy sent the servant out to your place,- and I surmised Mr. Cluck had some end to attain. The girl was hero?' 'Yes,' said Bertha, lier face becoming ashy white. ? ' 'Have nothing to do with them,' said Maggie. 'I am so very poor,' moaned Bertha, ' and the offer of work was most tempting. I havo boon dismissed from tho warehouso — Mr. Clack's.' ' I will be your friend,' said MagRie. ' I owe you reparation. I havo inflicted suf-, fering and sorrow upon you, and ero I die I ' must pay it back with interest.' 'No, no, Maggie,' said Bertha. 'It was my fault as well as yours. I was too exact ing — too jealous of a noblo man.' And thoso two women, each bound together by tho lovo of ono man, clasped hands. It wan easy to Ree, however, that poor Maggio suffered deeply. She know slio could havo 110 sharo in his love. Yet, strango to say, at this moment the idea that she could do some thing for him by succoring tho woman he loved, seemed to givo her comfort and strength. CHAPTER LV. While the two girls stood clasping each other's hand, and thinking of tlio absent dear one, steps wero hoard outside. Both girls listened. 'This is tlio house,' they heard a voico say. Then all was silent. ' Miss Whito,' said Maggio, ' I feel happier than I have folt for many a day at being of service to one poor Jack, so dearly loves. My advice is to leave the neighborhood as quickly and quietly as you can. I know you require money, but whatever you want I'll lend. Let me do that ns some reparation. Don't deny mo the privilege of doing something for one I havo so injured.' ' I thank you from my heart,' replied Bertha. 'I might have been oven more jealous had I known you were so noble a girl. I havo done you an injustice.' ' Bless you for these words,' said Maggie, a bright look coming into her face. ' Oh ! no wonder ho loved you, for you are, indeed, au angel.' Another knock camo to tho door. Both girls started. ' Is Miss White in ?' asked a female voice. Bertha went to tlio door. A woman with a haggard face, and dressed in rags, stood without. Both Bortlia and Maggio gazed at hor as if tliey recognised her. ' Ay, you may stare,' said the woman with a shiver. ' You ought to know me. Don't you know Mrs. Macinnis ?' The girls gave a start as if a spectre had appeared to them. 'Don't think I'm a ghost,' said the creature; 'I wish I was.' 'Impossible,' said Maggie; 'Mrs. Macin nis died somo time ago in tlio Lunatic Asylum.' ' No, she did not,' replied Prudence ; for this was she ; ' it'salong story, but Iliaven't time to tell you all about it now. There's a man dying next door, whom both of you ltnow !' 'Who?' asked both. in bewilderment. ' Bunakum,' was tho reply. Both stared. Reminiscences of tho past, in whioh this man and woman had played such important parts, camo thronging through their minds. Much as Bertha was surprised and confused, she could not but reflect what a narrow escape sho had in not marrying Hector Maccinnis. She now saw that man in such a repulsive light that she felt greater terror at the recollectiori of tho look lie had given her that evening than at Clack's persecution. What would be tho end ? 'You, wouldn't liavo a shilling about you, sweet ladies ?' said the woman ; ' I just want to fetch a drop to comfort the poor old man before I10 dies. Maggie pulled out her purso, and gave the crone lialf-a-crown. How her eyes glittered, and what a look of satisfaction camo into her face. ' ' ' I'll be back in a moment, and bring you to him,' said she and she darted to the hotel. ' There she goes,' said Maggie, ' seeking more of the poison that lias ruined her and that wretched man.' ' How strange all this is, said Bertha.' ' Nothing is strange in this world,' was the reply. ' Look how soundly that girl sleeps. She knows nothing of trouble. Happy, happy girl !' By this timo the bundle of rags, whom we suppose we must call a woman, returned, carrying a black bottle, out of which, how ever, sho had herself partaken freely, for she stepped lighter, and her eyes beamed. ' Come this way, Miss Whito,' she said ; 'Oh, won't Bunakum bo glad when lie sees tho drink. It'll put life into him, and perhaps after all he will ? get over it this time, although I doubt if lie'll last the week ' out.' She opened tho door, and tho two girls entered the miserable hovel. What a sight was presented to them. On a stretcher lay a wild looking old man. His features were pinched with famine, liis eye3 were red and bloodshot, and his grey matted hair fell around his shoulders in elf looks. His thin bony fingers clawed the air now and then, as he moaned in agony. He recognised tlio two women at once, and appeared to feel somo relief at their presence. 'Jack, Jack,' said Bunakum feebly; 'is I10 with you?' Bertha gazed upon tho man with pity. She could hardly realise the extraordinary events that had transpired since she had first seen: Bunakum. Heaven : what a whirl of wonder ful changes and transitions there had been. To think that it had all come to this. 'He is not here,' said Bertha. ' All,' said Bunakum, sinking back as if his last hope were gone. 'Wliero is he? where is he ? I must see my boy before I die. I must seo him and tell him all.' Bertha now remembered the dark mystery that hung about this man — the mystery which Jack had often told her it was his only desire to fathoiri. Oh ! that I10 were here. ' Can't you send for him?' said Bunakum, fretfully; 'Ho must come, for my time is short.' . , 'Ail right old man,' said Prudence; ' we'll send for him soon, for these kind ladies have money. But just to keep your heart up take a drop.' How liis face brightened wlien he saw Pru dence pour into a tumbler the 'dark brandy. Eagerly ho seized it, his hand trembling like an aspen. How his teeth chattered I But once ho had swallowed the draught ho seemed inspired with new life. ' More, more,' I10 asked. 'No, no,' said Prudence; ' I'll give you somo by-and-byo ?' He was not satisfied, and his eye followed tho black bottle .wistfully. Both Bertha aud Maggie shuddered as they saw this. 'This is the end of the drunkard,', said Maggio to Bertha. ' Yes,' replied Bertha ; ' it should bo a warning to all.' . 'How unavailing!' said Maggio, with a sigh. ' Tlie demon is remorseless. What can we do with this man ?' Bertha could not tell. Ilcr heart yearned to do something for her lover's father, fallen as ho was. ' Ho is dying,' continued Maggie. ' The best thing to do would bo to send for his son.' 'How could wo send for him?' asked Bertha. ' I will despatch a messenger,' said Maggio. . ? Bunakum was looking at them in a rest loss, troubled way. ' Ah !' said I10 at last, ' no one cares for tho old man now; his voice falls flatly on the ears of all. But why? Because tlio ears that onco listened to mq aro dust arid ashes, years ago. Yes! tho niiners of Grit are dead, and it is time the old man was dead, too. But, send for Jaok. He wants ven geance on Hector Macinnis; he shall liavo it — 110 shall havo it. Ho wants vengeanco on Obadiah Swootcomfort ; he shall havo it — he shall havo it. Send for him 1 Thoy come round me, tho spirits of. tho dead and damned —and cry out for my company. Lot him como before I join tlio army that is march ing on to perdition. Old mates aro round me ; but they aro now in torment. 0, God 1 why am I not dead ? Death ! hell 1 any 'tiling, rather than this 1' And I10 shrieked in agony, and covered his face with his hands. Vain effort;. how can we shut out that which is within ourselves ! ' This man has some terrible secret on his mind,' said Maggie, ' and ho must see Jack. Come Bertha, let us leave him. Here, Mrs. Macinnis ; take this, it will assist you for a while.' : And handing Prudenco a sovereign Maggie drew Bertha out of tho house. They did not notice the chuckle that worthy gave. As for Bunakum, ho shrieked when the girls left ; but Bertha soothed him with tho assurance that he would see Jack soon. Bortlia found her father up, in a very ox citod state. 'What do you think?' said he in sharp tones, so very different from his usual utter ances ; ' I dreamed that I saw that wretch Bunakum como up to my bedside whon I was asleep, and I heard his voico plainly. Whon I woke I thought I heard him again. Can he bo hereabouts, Bertha ?' Sho soothed him, and and waking up the nursegirl, sont her to bed. Maggie now bade her good-night.' ' Keep up your heart, MiBS White,' she said ; V I will send a message for Jack by the first train. All will.be well.' ' Well,' repeated Maggio as she went home. 'Well! No, 110, not with me. Tliey will at least bo happy, while I — I — ' And her companions for tlio first time, agreed that Maggio was in very bad spirits. Bertha hardly slept that night. She knew that her position was ono of great difficulty — almost alone and helpless in a great city with only one friend, and that friend hor former rival, Maggie. CHAPTER LVI. Ah 1110 ! his eyes onco : more »Vro giv/.mg iiito niino ; But uh ! not as of yore, No hopes for 1110 thero shine ; Like some poor blasted tree When winter's storms liavo fled, All verdaiit round I see, While I am lmro and dead. Tho breezes come and go .O'er fields where flowers bloom ; No change my soul can know, Fixed is my dreary doom. . Of hope 110 tender leaf ' My withered branch can show ; No flower save that of grief, No wliisper'lmt of woe I Tho fogs and mists of early mornirig were hanging over the city, when a lady dressed in plnin garments stepped on the' railway plat form at Spencer-street, where the early train for Grit Was waiting. A heavy veil hid her features; but the general appearanco was that of n respectable middle-aged woman, who had seen much of this world's toil. Yet she purchased a first-class - ticket, which some what surprised the other passengors who wore crowding round tho littlo pigeon hole, whence a sleepy clerk, cursing the system of early trains in his inmost heart, was handing out tickets. Just as she has purchased the magical bit of paper, a gentleman gave her : a push, and thrust a five-pound note into the clerk's hand. The lady turned round and looked at the rude man. Her face flushed, and she quietly moved away, without, how ever, losing sight of him. Tho woman was Maggio, and the domineer ing gentleman Obadiah Sweetcomfort. He had filled out, and looked very comfortable, very wealthy. There was an assumption in his gait, a generally independent swagger, that told all I10 was a wealthy man, ono who folt he should obtain tho ; homage of his fellow men, if he did not , have their -respect.' Maggie kept a keen eye 011 liim,' anil noted tho carriage he chose. She entered the next, which was unoccupied, and in a few moments tho train sped away into the swamps with its rather small load of lialf awalco travellers, who were maligning the destiny that took them out of a warm bed at so early -an hour, to bo jolted a hundred miles. Maggie was not one of these ; sho had been awake all tho night, and the burning fever in her veins kept sloop at a distance. In a few hours she would meet the man who was to hor dearer than life ; tho man for whom she entertained passionate but hopeless love, which must remain, however, unsatisfied. She was going to liim, not to plead her own cause, not to try and obtain his love, but to place liim in a position to renew his love for another — to bridge tho ocean that had separ ated tliem so long. And yet, did she regret this ? No ! She knew that so far as slio was concerned tho bloom of life had passed away for ever, leaving tlio dull, dead flower to fade into dust. But if she made him happy, if she contributed to the peace and joy of orie who deserved his love, she felt that she would bo doing what was her duty, and laying the foundation of tlio . peace and rest that ever come from doing our duty. Bertha had wakened within lior better and nobler feel ings. After a night of distracting reflection, of tears, passion, sho lmd boon enabled to see life in a better and loss selfish aspect. There was to hor a kind of sublime pleasure in making happy the man sho loved, even at the expense of her own heart. -She was denying herself, and self-donial gives greater happiness than any other virtue. She knew that she must be prejiared that day to suffer unutterable anguish, to tramplo upon all the feelings of her deep passionato nature, and to bear hor cross through the thorns and briars of self abriegatiori. Yet never for ono moment did she falter in her purpose ; 110, not even while tears like rain fell from her oyes ; not when tlio demon stood before her and ' placed temptation after temptation in her way. She was struggling, with her feelings when she chanced to hear Obadiah Sweetcomfort's voice. Ho had raised it, and the words could be heard in the next carriage. , ' Tlio ground's not much account,' said he ; ' that's right perhaps, but then it is on tho lino of tho Hesperus reef, and it may turn out good some time. , But then 1 you know, Snickers, that is not my aim: I always havo a purpose. Jack Mcldon is making a living out of it, and I mean to stop him. You can't tell, Snickers, how I hate that fellow. He lias always boon tho black spot in my life. When was a boy I, as hoys do, fell in love with old White's daughter, and so did lie. What do you think? Ho struck mo once, nnd I ran away. I'm a physical coward, and can't fight, although I wish I could, and fell in a puddle. They laughed at mo, laughed at me. It rings in my hears to this day. Then when wo grew up lie disputedmy Sway amongst the miners, and foiled niiiriy of my schemes. But I could forgive everything except his taking Bertha from me.' ' You dori't moan to say,' said another person, whom Maggio identified as Snigglo Snickers, ' that you go in for tlio melo dramatic business, re-v-6-iige ?' , ' Paugli!' said Obadiah, ' I dori't think of that, I liato him. It pleases 1110 to seo him down in tho dust, and I am ono of thoso who bclievo |in haying iny way, no matter what others suffer.' Snigglo Smokers laughed in a short, dry way. - ' Yes,' continued Obadiah, 'I beliovo' in gratifying my feelings ; and next to a good dividend, tho abasement of thoso I hate pleases mo best ; and I do hato him ! and in making him suffer he has afforded me greater pleasure than my : best frierids. Fanoy ! I absolutely saw him without shoos to his feet, and with hardly a stitch to liis back, and offered him money. Fancy that I The man who lorded it in Grit ono time. Why, it was such a treat, that I novor think- of it without rubbing my hands.'.' Another short laugh. ' ' When I was up in Grit last time,' con tinued Obadiah, 'I saw him working in a shaft on Scarecrow Hill, and at once took note that tho conditions hadn't been complied with, for. there ought to have been two men at work, where there was only one ; so I'm deter mined to jump the claim, and that's why I go up to Grit to-day. Moro than that, I found out that he was living with his old friend, tho man you supplanted, William Brown. I know Brown -was mining manager for tho Western Reef Company, and I went straight to the bank and told the manager to come down upon tho claim. Old Keenman was a little stubborn at first, but whon I told him Jack was kept at work through Brown being employed at the Western Reef mine, he agreed to do it at once. He hates Jaok, too.' 'Yes,' said tSnickers, very drily, 'Jack made his fortune.' ' And ho mado mine, too,' said Obadiah with a chuckle ; ' only it was in ignorance. But let's speak of business. I've bought up all the Hesperus Extended shares now they are so low, and I want to start a crosscut to the west. I know there's a reef in that direction. At all events, I'll manipulate tho market with your assistance, and raise the shares sufficiently high to make a profit out of them.' 'How many have you got?' asked Snickers. ' Ten thousand and odd,' was the reply ; I have them all here in my pocket-book, and I moan to have them transferred into my name.' ... M Then you've none in your name now.' 'Not ono of these is in my name,' was the reply; 'I've only- that 500 I always held to qualify me as a director, in my name. I'll step into tho manager's ofiice when we get up, and hand them over. No ; by-the-bye, we must first make straight for Jack's claim, and peg it out.' ? ' We must go after that to the Hesperus , Extended,' said liis companion ; 'for I don't know what change may have taken place. The underground manager spoke of water coming in plentifully, in his letter. That's a ?sign the reef is near.' , There was. a pause. Maggie had listened intently to tho conversation, and her face, made up as sho knew so well how to render - it impossible for Jack to recogniso her, flushed. If anything gave hor tho horror of tho evil passions of the world, it was this conver sation. It seemed to open up to lier depths of vindictiveness and meanness sho had never thought possible. One thought engaged her mind, to save Jack. She thought and thought how she could effect this, but no soheme appeared feasible. CHAPTER LVH. At last the train steamed into Grit. Maggie Sprang into the first cab, and told the driver to take her to Scarecrow Hill. As it was' not far from the railway station sho was soon at William's hut. What' 6. crowd of tumultuous feelings filled lior breast as slio gazed upon the scene. Grit lay before her, hill and valley, streets and buildings ; all apparently unchanged, just as she had soon tliem in liappy years gone by. In the dim distance she saw the house wliero sho had lived with her mother on tho pro ceeds of her scrip speculations, and where Jack had so ? often visited, with its graceful cypresses clearly defined. She stood still for a little while, and let her feelings have full play. Ah 1 what a thing it is to return to the home of our youth, and to be confronted . with tho thousand memories that rise on every side, and move us to tears. The happy hours of careless girlhood, the joys of woman hood, tho joys and agonies of hor hopeless love, wore at onco present with her. Hun dreds of scones in which sho had taken part roso before her mental vision. And now sho was everi worse than a strangor here. Tears, bitter, bitter tears, rained down Maggie's cheeks, and she clasped her hands in speechless agony. This was tho first stage in the drear journey of self-abnegation. Mastering her emotion, thrusting back into . the depths of her heart her utter woo and misery, the heroic girl walked towards tho hut. A tidy, matronly woman was knead ing ? dough, and singing cheerfully at her work. This gave poor Maggio another pang, she remembered when she, too, years ago, prepared lior brother's dinner in just such a little hut, happy as a lark. ' Is Mr. Mcldon at homo?' Maggio in quired, in a voico suited to her apparent age. 'No ma'am,' was tho reply ; 'lie and my husband are at work in tho claim up there, but if you'll sit down a bit I'll go and call him. You look tired, take a seat.' And she carefully brushed a three-legged stool, tho uncouth workmanship of Jack. ' No thank you,' replied Maggio, ' I'll go up myself.' ' Well, if you'll wait till I wash tho dough off my hands,' said Emily, ' I'll show you the way.' This was dono quickly, and the two walked up tlio liill. It was very trying to Maggie to hear Emily talk so cheerfully. She seemed to bo so thoroughly happy, so free from care, that it was absolute torture for her troubled companion to listen. When they reached the claim, William was hauling up a bucket of stone. Ho soon shouted for Jack to come up, and in a few minutes I10 appeared. Again Maggio looked at his dear face ; ? again she saw tho form that to her was all the world. Ho had altered indeed, but ho was, if anything, handsomer, stronger, moro of a man. There was the dignity, oflabor in his' bearing, tho impress of thorough man hood, whioh oven his clay-stained dress could not hide. For several minutes Maggie was unable to speak. Her heart beat convul sively ; her face grew pallid, her tongue clovo to tho roof of lier mouth, and her lips trembled. Sho felt as if sho could have flung herself into his' arins, and died in his last embrace. But she knew that, if lier resolution was to be' acted upon, sho must not fail in tho hour of trial, and after a while she mastered herself. 'I. trust you will exeuso a stranger,' said slio in tremulous tones, very different in deed from tjio round full voico that Jack had been accustomed to hear ; 'bull como from a friend of yours, who wants to see you and at onco. , Jliss Bertha Whito has sent mo.' It was now Jack's turn to tremble and grow pallid. Bortlia Whito 1 It was like tho sound, of the last trumpet calling the dead and buried into life again. Bertha Whito ! His head swani, his knees knooked together, his fingers duelled nervously. She \\\\-as alive, and wanted to seo him. Then a great, rush of joy careered through his heart ; visions of the woman he loved so intently, through his brain. Only for one minute. Soon ho remembered where I10 was, and tho airy castles tottered into the dust, bcaririg with them his broken, ruined heart. Sho watched him keenly ; sho saw tho vary ing shadows of emotion oross his face like clouds over a sky, and sho know that his lovo for Bertha was strong as ever. And she — poor Maggie — sho was forgotten. It was wonderful how sho stood the fiery ordeal. If thoro is anything moro trying than another to a woman, it is to seo horself neg lected, while every thought is given to a rival. . But her purposo never faltered. Sho trampled upon her lovo with an almost savage feeling of pleasure ; with a wild hope that tho pain sho now suffered would bring a reward o£ peace. Aud wonderful to say, after a while, tliis brought to her a strango peace and rest, - , sueli us she had hardly over hoped to feel in this world. (To be continued.) 