Death of Henry Kendall. ' ffij/diifff Hrruliig Xt-m, iiiil Aiiffmt.J . Alt. lover* of literature, more especially in the ' rculinH of wetrv, will regret In hear of thedoath \- of the wofl-tiiovii Australian poet, Mr. Henry ? Clarence Kcadull, who expired last evening at (herewloncc-of Iiislirottier-iu- luiy, Mr. Rtg-zin, nourko-stiwti Sum- Hills-tlio cause of death liciiijr omumiiiiiiiim. Sir. Kendall luul long hiwu nilin(jr, and it iviis toon by his friemlit for ubine time pant that lie ivm gradually sinking, nud' niUHt miu!i Heck final -iwl in tlutt imdis ijoverod bourne from whonoc no traveller re turns. For yearo post hifl uame has o»on as mx-iliUi3 with the foremost ineu of letters in Australia, ntnndiug at tho very hoad of those whowj purtioulnr inclination led them twthc cultivation of tho art of poetry. Mr. Kendall wiu undoubtedly the poet laureate of Austra lia, and Ms early deccaxe, at the age of 40, loavch a void which will bo very hard indeed to fill. Like inauy other men of genius (among whom may he mentioned tho great Ueuiehy, with whom he can be fairly associated in the field of poesy and literature, buiug at the head of one uti Donicliv wiu of tins otlicr), lie was a man of phiguhir impressions and temperament, nud like him found the world vw not iiIwuvh too kind to liitu. This led liim iuto a veiu of gloom which vuo unfortunately accompanied with thut reckless disregard for Mr health which no doubt had in the long- inn juuch to do with the undermining of bis constitution. A twin brother (the other having died some yearn ago), ho wus bom at Ulbidulla, New South WuVs, iu 18J2, aud received a private education during tlic enrlirr years of his life. When only 18 years of age, he commenced Iuh i-iireor an a writor for the Press, contributing to thu columns of the Empire aud tho Herald for about 10 years. Iu J8C2, ho published bin first complete work 'Pomrwuud Sougn,' but he evidently thought little of it, as he mip liraoicd it three yearn latcv, considering it won altogether too crude to make Jiim any nfintii tion. During the time muiitioued, he ulwj supplied tlu- Town uud Country Journal with many i;»atrib'.iti(-ui-, both in pootrv and prose, .-us well a- writing lor the FiwiuTui'ij Journal aud the Sydney Piim- li. In lb'-i:f, he obtained an niipniiitnitut iu the Liindu Department, and was aft.jrwardH transferred t-i the Colonial Si-ereturvV ofline, whore ho remained until !S(iD. lint the trunuuuls of tho desk were l«io iikiinuf to him, aud he threw up the appoint ment, aud iiroueudud U) Melbourne, where he lnH-ame ii mntiilmtur to the Australasian aud irtlier leading jouniiils, iiu'ludinir the Argus, the Telegraph, i'uneh, the Colonial Monthly, the Humbug, mid ToucliKtuuu. Among other gnod work doue iu Melbourne was a prize lulu on iui Austrahan nubject. He entered engerly iutji the competition und won tho prize, Jfis pdeni Itciiitf coiiiiidered hy t)w judgca fnc ;nul awav the best. Lnlcr on, ui i^oujuuetiou with Clnu-les Edward Horsley, heeoniposed the cautahi for the opening of the Melbourne Town HnU. Vroui adverse cii Mumstauoes, against wliieb he hud to iioutead aloue, this period of liis life, iu which liin olio weakness came tu the front, tn the iujiuy of his health and strength, he quitted Hellwuruo imd retui-ued to thin colony, aud went, almost inunodiately to Brin baiic AVutw, where he won employod'until last year, wheu ho won appointed iint]iiwtor of forests, a situation which it wan generally thmight ho would bo able to fill with efficioucj-, his well-known love of the woods, forest*, and wih.iit place* , iu which he had for years beeu wont to commune with wiUuv, aud iu wliicli he had gaiued much practical oxiraiiencc, lianug thoroughly quiiiifieti him for the proper eairyuig out -of the duties uttached to the ofli™?. Hi« health, however, wax undermined, aud a few weeks ago it broke down completely, lie lingered ou until last evening when he died an above. . TJiot Mr. Kendall was a true poet no one eau deny. His verses had the golden ring and the bright imagery ho essential to tho com pleteness of Uiis class of literature, A lover of his notii'o land, with perliaps one exception (A dam Lindsay Gordon), there is uo writer whose works hove treated ho much of life re lating to this land. lairing open apart iu tho depths of the forests ia his loue Australian home, he lvm conversant:, it need scarcely be said, with the works of all tho English bards, and from them he accepted nothing. His style was purely his own. There was a glow, a colour, aud a richness about lus works that have never been surpassed by any poet in any iu any country, or ut uny time ; and Kendall's early death is a, loss to tho world of Australia which all must deeply deplore. His bright genius thus early nipped in the bud shows another example of misdirected character. His power increased with every work he pub lished, and but for the destroying influence by which lie was enveloped ho would have doubtloss risen to fame as oue of the greatest of living poete. ' His 'Songs from the Moun tains' was a noble work; and it would donbt lesst httva been surpassed but for tho reasons mentioned. His second work, ' Iieaves from Australian Forests,' was a groat improvement on bis first,, and each succeeding book contained beauties' still more rare. Not, only lias his poetry received the highest commendation in his country, Imt Eog-lish literary journals of the highest class hav£.liotioed it with great favour. Tho '.'London Athonffium''i-poke of lite 'poems at length ind in the most glowing terms. . Two of his^iboms— 'The Song of tho C$&& Htlnteri,1' ana 'The Ghost fileu'— werepublishodin exteuso, aud the critic said : — ? if Mr. Kendall contr unto oirrth'ts faculty at suc ccsshltK* rate feas'dohc In these torn ptacr&, *£ni;laiiil M.CTjliii AusUali. will.jjjilJIjrenoBni.c his place U *A#inpcr. 'HoliafibijtlidiBiLdvantaj^sanii advantages in Ms diuLint splurt, hut the Inner pr dominate . otcupir-j rirffin soil, Btandii in tho midntiil a nancty wbuae ^aracteristici-havr never yet becn'mirrur^il in sobs; «4-ilr Knclish n-riters Brctliniu'ini;tipt-icirpeiit vcarl);ucciuise they can assimilate nnthin? itcw. S*cl' farms ot humour, patildi. iivA beauty irliicli, touched by.ldieKi£tedliiuid,rinuuiAtlailta ui i the bean of the puVic ; ^ajidjct uuu ^isc big Juc&l; coloring, ft precious . titokutc, tollluiti^tc triitlts TkVich areuni\\-enal. it is irtliil»libK-iif oonr«c, tel »»j- hit* he will succeed in tliejnvfhpnder labor mdriunatic inBiKbt,'audi* facnlty : al bcshofi's In the^poeni' before us behtir 4istinct]ra1y a IjricJi'Uacjultv f&t; that lie has ^ifts Acre can be no qccstion ; siha 3us contrauntcation to ub Is so modest nail BO'scniible that us are assured be 'Kill put ibese' ' B((tst«;«hi!)biit«c,.n'avc]ij»iinitati»5e-cffoils behind, .inil !itpl;c; out in $hc flkth , Yrlijtb he is most suited.to e^r:(WilJB.D»llg'J'ln writing of Mr. Ken dan'sisSt -torlc, 'ftilv ;%naorses this opinion, CBaspohii.ti1osthighly-ofthe-ire»tionof that brtin'Wticl) mfrhoiiitai in death. The work oTtas4*fer,yeanil9hpwB traoe* -of the sorrows of Mi life, ima U tinged witli (he gloom which ^^?na^-tto^fluture of-,the;man;whflei;a \^1dtess'-'6riBiia^cW.Vn!-MW/!n1ihe'a^' ^^tUmmB ^^liSi-ealeaaoniof poettsUrat lie' '-' ^^%^Qf idiBtt]ptaiijH-*iifjroco^lH;}W'orl0iiaj tola* /'.^^ 