POLICE COURT — Tuesday. Before Messrs. M. Byrne, F. Campbell and O. Willans. A hawker's license was granted to William Hollitt, of Queanbeyan. P. C. Palmer was summoned by Francis Davlin (for whom Mr. Morgan-appeared) for charging ex- cessive damages under the Impounding Act, on a certain horse impounded by him at Queanbeyan on the 16th November last, viz., the sum of £2 2s. Defendant pleaded not guilty. The complainant was then sworn and stated— I am a horse and stock dealer, residing in Quean- beyan. I had a colt impounded at Queanbeyan on the 16th of last November, along with some others. I went to release them, and the poundkeeper demanded £2 for the release of the colt. I paid the amount under protest, and produce the receipt, gave the poundkeeper notice of protest. At this stage of the proceedings the defendant said he would plead guilty, as he had forgotten the defence he had to set up. The Bench directed the poundkeeper to return the exceessive damages ; and made an order for the payment of professional costs, costs of court, and expenses of two witnesses, in all £3 16s 8d. Luke Colverwell was summoned by Thomas Buttle for a breach of the Impounding Act. Defendant pleaded not guilty and the case was eventually dismissed. (Mr. Greenfield took his seat on the bench.) James O'Neill pleaded not guilty to a charge of neglecting to send his son John Lewis O'Neill to school for 76 days in the six months ending 30th June last, as required by the Public Instruction Act. After evidence proving the case had been taken, the bench convicted the defendant and he was fined 5s. and costs. Defendant asked for a copy of the depositions. A similar charge was brought up against Samuel Austin, Timothy Ryan, and John Morrison, who pleaded guilty, and were each fined 2s. 6d. for child and 5s. 6d. costs, and Alfred Sims was also fined 1s., and costs of court 5s .6d., for a like offence, to which he pleaded guilty. P. C. PaImer was summoned by the trustees of the Queanbeyan Town Common for driving sheep across the common without giving the necessary notice. The hearing of the case was postponed till next day. The bench sat for revision of the jury list, which occupied the whole of the afternoon sitting. Seve- ral names of persons deceased and removed from the district were erased from the list and several new names added. Wednesday, November 6th. Before Messrs. Byrne and Willans. The information laid by the trustees of the Town Common against P. C. Palmer was heard and re- sulted in a conviction. Defendant was fined £1 and costs of court. THE race between C. Warn. and A. Scho- field, 150 yards, for £10 a-side, took place at Eastgrove on Saturday afternoon, and resulted in an easy win for the former by several yards, Schofield, as the phrase goes, never having " the ghost of a chance." After- wards the contests for the Pursehouse Cup, for which there were seven entries, came off, the winner turning up in Walter Baxter. It was to have been run off in heats of 100, 120, and 150 yards, but as Baxter won the two first heats, and no other competitor had sufficient points to enable him to win even should he carry off the final heat, the necessity for running the 150 yards' distance was obviated. Downes, who secured a place in both heats, obtained second honors, and had his entrance-money returned by the win- ner. Warn was left at the post in the first heat, and Verner lost his chance in the second through being jostled by O'Donnell. The following handicaps were declared :—C. Warn, scratch ; H. Verner, 2, 4, and 4 yds.; G. Downes, 10, 12, and 14 yds.; W. Baxter, 6, 8, and 8 yds.; G. Machine, 4, 7, and 8 yards; W. O'Donnell, 5, 6, and 7 yds.; and T. Cogan, 7, 9, and 10 yds. The chief victims of the railway accident at Hawthorn remain in about the some con- dition. From further reports received it appears that the guard, engine-driver, and fireman of the special train were warned to stop at Hawthorn until the arrival of the ordinary train. 