DEATH OF THE HON. W. FflRSTER. The death of one of the best-known politicians of New South Wales, the Hon. W. Forster, i3 announced in our telegraphic intelligence. The event atinears to have been very sudden, as he retired to bed the pre vious night in good health, and was found dead early on Monday morning. For twenty five years Mr. Forster has been a prominent man in the sister colony, having during the greater part of that time occupied a seat in the Legislative Assembly. Soon after hi3 election to the Chamber, on the introduction of responsible government, he] came to the front, and it was not long before ho obtained office. He was a member of several Adminis trations, by one of which, wherein he occu pied the position of Colonial Treasurer, he was appointed to the office of Agent-General in 1870. He retained this post ,until about {eighteen mouths ago, when, owing to some differences which had taken place between him and the Cabinet, he resigned. There was a dispute between them with reference to some telegrams sent by the Acent-General, and in reply to a message which was sent him Mr. Forster forwarded a telegram giving an explanation of certain action he had taken which cost from £200 to £300. On relinquishing: Govern ment employment Mr. Forster lost no time in returning to New South Wales, and having always been a fierce opponent of Sir Henry Parkes, at once determined to again cross political swords with hia adversary, against whom — Sir Henry Parkes being a member of the Ministry of the day— hia feelings had not become more friendly. He sought and ob tained a seat for Gnndagai, which he repre sented at the time of his death. Mr. Forater had considerable literary ability, and has contributed several articles on the- increase of personal government in so- called demo cracies to the Victorian and Melbourne Reviews, in which he referred to the baneful influence he held to be exercised by the coalition of Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Robertson. As a debater Mr. Forster was a man of rare power and vigour, and an invective fromhimwas,perhaps,tmoredreaded by apolitical adversary than wouldjbe one from any other Australasian politician of the day. It was perhaps his facility in attacking and demolishing the arguments of his opponents, which led him during the latter part of his career to adopt rather a cynical and censorious view of political life in Australia, which possibly detracted from the otherwise weighty importance which might have been attached to his criticisms on public men. But the vehemence with which he withstood the in roads of anything like corruption into Parlia mentary business must be held_ to have largely contributed to the purifying of public life in New South Wales, even although his strictures may have been sometimes excessive in their severity or his denunciations in a measure undeserved. The Australian Men of t?te Time states that the gentleman 'Was born at Madras in 1818, came to Australia when he was about eleven years of age. Like many of the public men of this colony he was a pupil of Mr. W. T. Cope. At an early age he entered into squat ting pursuit'. Whilst so occupied he did not neglect literature. About the time that Mr. Robertson was acting as the delegate of the squatters, and appealing to the Governor for redress, Mr. Forster wrote a satire having the same end in view, which he published in the Atlas newspaper under the title of the 'Devil and the Governor.' In this piece he displayed his power of using sting ing words, llr. Forster also wrote a satire, entitled ',The Genius and the Ghost,' a dialogue between the genius of Sydney and the ghost of transportation. During the Crimean War he wrote a sonnet in more solemn strain on national grandeur and decay. But his genius for satire has been more allied with the loric and eloquence of public orations than with the art of versifica tion, in which he has shown that he can excel. Shortly after the introduction of re sponsible governmentJMr. Forster made him self known to the people of this country as a leader in Parliamentary conflicts. At different times he represented East Sydney, St. Leonards, the Hastings, Queanbeyan, Illawarra, and Murrumbidgee. From the time of bis entering Parliament Mr. Forster was a keen critic of the Cowper Administration. Agreeing with that Admini stration in political principles he was ever on the alert to detect inconsistency in their practices. When the education question came on, the denominational tendenciesof Mr. Cowper's scheme offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, and Mr. Forster was entrusted with the work of forming a Ministry. He associated with himself Mr. John Black (as Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Egar (as Minister of Works), Mr. E. Wise, afterwards Judge of the Supreme Court (as Attorney - General), and Mr. J. F. Hargraye, now Mr. Justice Hargrave (as bolicitor-General). This Ministry was defeated on their Upper House Electoral Bill, and retired in March, 18G0. Mr. Forster has not since that time been at the head of apy; Administration, although the opportunity^' of taking that position was offered to him in May, 1872, when the Martin Ministry was defeated on the Border duties question. He was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robertsons second Ministry. From February 9, 1875, to February 7, 187G, he was Colonial Trea surer in the Robertson Ministry, and on that date was appointed Agent-General for the colony of New South Wales, resident in London. Mr. Forster'a talents have been chiefly displayed in opposition. Li the strength ofhis logical powers he was foremost in Parliament. Since his residence in England he has published two or three poetic works, notably the 'Weir wolf, 'a traced j.' A late article by him in the Melbourne Review contained the following characteristic sentences :— ' Certainly the aspects and prospects of government, in any sense, are not encouraging in con stitutionally governed countries. It may be said that the state of affairs in Ireland is temporary and transitional. But this state of affairs has been marked by progressive, and apparently hopeless, dete rioration for at least a couple of centuries, and almost in exact proportion to the development and virtual prevalence of democracy. And, after all, no-government in Ireland is only the legitimate and logical outeome of what is called representative government, or government by the will of the majority, in England, and all over the constitutional world. If a majority be essentially and inevitably right iu England, or anywhere, why not in Ireland? Surely the majority has its rights in Ireland as well as in the colonies and other parts of the Empire ! The right of local abnegation or remonstrance — nay,, even the_ right of autonomy or secession— is as vital and as actual in Ireland as it was in the United States at the time of their declaration of independence, or as it is now. You may suppress or extinguish rights by brute force, you may trample them down with armie3, and cut them to pieces with swords and bayonets, or blow them away with gun powder — as was done in the last American war with the rights of constitutional ma jorities—but, one day or other, the immortal principles involved will revive, and avenge themselves, as they have done and do now in Ireland^ and will yet, if they are not already doing so, in the United States. But perhaps Ireland is a small matter, . and 'dc minimis non curat lex.' 