SPOKTMNG YQgtCS. By 44 Tout Ceia/ rCorTCSpondcnta sending or requiring informa tion are requested to address their letters to tbe Editor of the Bfobtsman, and not to any member of the staff. TTpppyr. .ftfrfriirflfl that, the readers of the " ' 8f6bt8ay inll 'bs siiiioDs to bare tbe latest reliaUo Intelligcneo and best tips possible in connection with tbe Melbourne Cup, wc havo arranged to publish tbe Sports man' on Monday, 2i)tb October, instead of on the Wednesday, as usual. Wc shall tbus bo one day before instead of ono day after tbe Cup. This will necessitate our absence from church, and our working on Sunday, but disagreeable as this is, we at once undertake the duty in the interest of our subscriber. The Weights will be posted at the V.R.C. Secretariat to-morrow forenoon, about II o'clock, for all Handicaps to bo run at the Spring Meeting, except those otlierwiz# specified as to appear at 10 a.m. on the dsy before running. The Melbourne Cup Second Forfeits, of 5 sovs., are due Tuesday, 24th inst., before i p.m., which is the day week before the race. Those who do not intend to send their horses to tbe post will incur the full liability of 15 sovs. if they neglect the pre caution of paviug the forfeit iu lime -Che final payment of 15 sovs. must be made at 11 o'clock on the moruiug before running— i.e., on Monday, 30th October. The Bcndigo Annual Kaces require atten tion fo-morrotc (Thursday) from owners and nominators, as entries are then due for all the events on the programme, and can be made at the V.E.C. secretariat up to 4 p.m., or to the hon. sec. at Sandhurst before 8 p.m. For the sake of refreshing the memories of those intending to take part in the meeting arranged by tho deserving the follow- ing items "of the excellent bill of faro are recapitulated, viz. : — Frst Day — Epsoin Handicap, 80 sovs., one mile ; Selling Race, 60 sovs., one mile and quarter ; Hurdle Race, 90 sovs., two and half miles 1 Sandhurst Cup, 200 sovs., one mile; Telegraph Stakes, 70 sore., three-quarters mile. Second Day- Time Handicap Trot, 60 sovs., three miles ; Flying Handicap, 70 sore., six furlongs; Selling Hurdles, GO sore., one mile and three- quarters ; Bendigo Handicap, 150 sovs., one mile and quarter and distance ; Steeplechase, 100 sovs., two miles and half. An entrance of 2 sovs. must accompany each nomina tion. Entries for tho TVoMing Meeting, to nome off at Elstcrnwick this day fortnight, 1st November — being tbe afternoon after the Melbourne Cup — were received yes terday, aud arc duly published in this issue. They may be considered satis factory in both number and quality, and it is to be bopod that a large proportion of the visitors who will have been attracted to our metropolis by the V.R.C.'s turf carnival may also put in an appearance on tbe V.T.A.s well-arranged enclosure. Tub Williamatown Club calls for nomina tions to be made on Monday next for their Summer Boce Meeting, which this yoar has wisely bean changed to that popular nouany, U10 Prince of Wales' Birthder, 9th KoTcm- ber. Tho programme consists of Hurdle Bace, 60 sore., two miles ; Truganina Handi cap, 75 sore., five furioogs; Telegraph Stakes, 76 sovs., half nule ; Galloway Handi cap, 40 sore., five furlongs ; Steeplechase, 60 aors., two wilwi ; and Williams town Handi cap, 100 sore., one mile and quarter. Entries will be taken at Bowes1 Australian Hotel, Melbourne, up to 4p.m. ; and finally close at tbe Steam Packet Hotel, Williarastown, at 9 p.m. ah turtner parucu»n »»» "si,v»u» by reference to the advertisement in our columns to-day. The Kensington Pork Oop Meeting com mences on 8aturday afternoon, and we pub lish the weights elsewhere. The second day's ramng takes place on Monday, 30th inst. (the day before the Melbourne Cop), and nominations most be made on Monday, 23rd inst, at the Vxotoria Hotel, Bourke- street west. The so-called Summer Cop of the Austra lian Jockey Glob closes to-morrow (Thursday, 19th), at 4 p.m., and nominations will he woeived at the V.B.C. secretariat, as well as in Sydney. The value o< the added stakes as 250bots. T?K/tn?ivera"T Handicap of the Sydney iurf Club requires similar attention to- morr ow, and, as no less than 300 sovs. is the value of tbe given purse, this handsome temptation should secure a lengthy list of Ton Bairn »d ale Tort Club have decided to haje races ou the 261b and 27th of December, and the following programme has been adopted by the committee:— First Day— Handicap Hurdle, 20 eove., two miles: Maiden Blate, 20 bovb., one mile and a-half ; Sires Produce Stakes, 15 bovb., eeren furlongs ; Racing Club Hsndioap, 40 sovs., two miles; Corinthian Cup, 16 eovs., one mile ; belling Race, 10 sovs., one mile ana a-balf. Second Day— All-aged Stakes, 20 sovs., one mile ; Mares Produce Stokes, 1 0 sovs., seven -furlongs; Maiden Hurdle Bsee, 20 sovs., two miles ; Mitchell River Handicap, 30 sove,, one mile end a-balf ; Selling Hack Race, 10 sovs., one mile ; Consolation Handi cap, 16 aovs., one mile. Mr. N. R. D. Bond will sot as faandicapper. Cheques for the various stakes won at (he Amateur Turf Club's late meeting were duly paid away on Monday afternoon at the Secretariat, 100 Bourke-street west, tho most successful owners aud tho principal amounts being bb under : — Mr. Win. Braneli— CnnJfleJd Cup ... ££) Mcssru. Robertson & Wagner— Groat Foal Bttkrg ... ... ... m 4 Wr. Wm. Pearson— Canlfield Gumta 4.:js Mr. A. Taylor— Open Steeplechase 241 J.np groan total paid fot tbe two days' racing was £3008, and a highly respectable sum thiB lo shore out. Excursion fares oo all (he main lines of railway commence on Muuday next, and will last well over the Cup meeting. The department have also kindly and wisely decided that the same privileges of reduced prices and return tickets .-hall be granted to those desirous of a holiday trip up-country as to those coming city- wards. Donald Nicholson, the clever light weight ioekey, whose riding of Masquerade in Ibo Hawkesbury and Randwick Metro politan are the freshest of his feats, had a nasty fall at Caulfleld last Saturday, though not from a horse's back, but from the back rail of a beat on which he was standing to get a better view of the Hurdle Race. The rail broke, eeoding bim sprawling with several persons on top of him; and, having been hurt a few mornings previously by Lord Burghley on the Fiemington training- ground, the sudden shock and pain caused him to faint away. Ahosoet the interesting items of chit-chat attaching to the doings on the Flemiogton Flat may well he mentioned the fact that Mr. "W. E, Dakin's string possesses a filly who was begotten in England, dropped in South Australia, sent to tbe old country to be " tried in the balance," returned to Adelaide as 44 found wanting," and is now in active training. She is coiled Roy's Wife. The Adelaide three-year-old, Hebrew, having taken a seeming fit to run persistent seconds, Mr. Saviil has adopted the oft- practised racing plan of changing the colt's name, and he will be kuown henceforward as Sir Garnet. A TBLEGBA2C from Auckland announces the arrival by the Pacific mail of tho English scullist Largan, who had entered himself for the recently - dcoided Frank Punch Trophy at Sydney, but was a long 14 day after the fair.' Considering that some of his home performances were really good — though a lot Of suspicion attached to his in-and-out rowing with Laycock — it seems a pi'y be should not have got to Australia in lime to take part in the affair, for it is evident Rush had ouly two stale pullers and a youug novice to meet ; and although the game Clarence man well deserved hie victory, still the presence of an old-country contestant would have added greatly to tbe public interest and the personal triumph. Ma. Wm. Loko, of Grand Flaneur oele- brity, Is returning from bis trip to England in time to witness the running for tbe Mel bourne Cup, the steamer by which he is a passenger being dne in a few days hence. He will not, however, remain long in Aus tralia (no pun meant), but will go back so soon as he has settled private affairs, it being hie intention to have a 14 cut in" at racing on tho home turf, as previously mentioned. Rumour has it that the world-famed jockey, George Ford ham, is his travelling companion, the faculty having recommended tberenowned horseman to recuperate himself by a sea voyage, his constant reductions of weights having told on his constitution. Apropos of George Fordham, it may be recollected by those whe keep themselves acquainted with current turf matters at the antipodes that this popular rider retired from the saddle some years agoonaoompetenoy, his honourably acquired fortune having enabled him to purchase a snug estate, not far from Lewes in Sussex, in which town he had served an apprenticeship at the training stables of the well-known old Tom Browo. The balance of his money was invested, strange to say, in purchasing a sleeping part nership in a needU manufactory — of all an- likely businesses in the world for a jockey to be connected with, albeit one has often heard of sporting men 44 gettiog the needle" ; and, as might almost have been foretold, it turned out that he had been duped into a failing concern. When the collapse came, George was a ruined man, and had to commence the world afresh ; nor was it without consider able trouble and risk of health that he managed to make the too-soiid flesh to melt," which he had acquired daring the interval of ease. Hence, no doubt, the neces sity of a spell during the severe English winter, and the opportunity unexpectedly afforded him, through Mr. Long's persuasion (or probably invitation) of witnessing tbe greatest event on the Australian turf. The above anecdote, which comes within my own personal ken, would not be complete did I not add another from my repertoire. The 44 old Tom Brown" referred to was grand father of the Tom Brown ia whose charge Mr. Long has plaoed his recently purchased youngsters at Newmarket, and this trainer is tho fourth lineal Tom Brown in the same horsey lioe, the Prince Regent, afterwards George the Fourth, having been one of his great grands ire's patrons. The singular, even if intentional, ooincidenoe has already been told in these columns of Mr. W trying bis luck in the old oountry with a namesake of oar colonial Tom Brown, whose painstaking efforts secured nun sucn a suc cession of victories at Fiemington and Baud- wick. Why will the outside public so persistently run themselves blindly into a cul de sat by backing horses tbe probabilities of whose starting they are utterly in the dark about. Amongst the latest instances of this un wisdom may be given The Gem, the news of whose scratching for the Melbourne Gup, the other day, seems to hare eome with quite a anooc, wD6reBanougDvioi»T« ueencxinan>eu as a matter of course. Weeks ago, in these inwitio, I plainly hinted the Maitland oolt would never see the post. Ibonclid'6 unfortunate mishap was an- nonnoed last week, and tbe neoessity for destroying him , for it would have been utterly absurd to try and save an animal with a broken thigh-bone— the man of flesh in that part of tbe leg preventing any application of splints. I merely mention the matter again because a contemporary casually refers to the accident as one only likely to prevent the oolt being ever fit to race; whilst the fact is that Mr. Robertson mercifully shot the noble oolt with his own hand, though it was some days before he ooold make up his mind to ihesadandooetiysacxifioe. Toar Lavond's recently arrived Sydney string havo taken up tlielr quarters at Mrs. Waldock's tip-top range of boxes, within easy reach of the Fiemington training ground, and I am very glad lliat the worthy- widow of the late jovial and natty Sam has her stabling occupied by horses of so high a class as the Maribvrnong Plate favourite and her companions. Young Mr. Wm. Filgatc is also there with the Adelaide representative, Crystal, and there is just room for two or three other racehorses under tbe same capacious roof, if application bo made at ooce. And talking about tlie'Flemington training ground, it is to be hoped that Mr. Byron Moore will consent to the request of the local trainers for permission to work their horses (hi dry it'cafcr) on the course proper, as is always permitted at Randwick and Hawkes- bury, and has lately been allowed at Caulfleld. It merely requires hurdles to be so placed on the inner running, and kept constantly shifted, as to prevent tbe turf to be eventually raced over being injured. The Ranger of the V.R.C., the ever-painstaking Jonathan Brown, will take all sorts of care that no uuduo advantage he taken, nor any harm accrue. Mzlpadznsa, the remarkably neat son of Frcto-Marlyr and Sybil — who hows so plainly, by-the-bye, the distinguish ing white marks of his distinguished graou'Siro jjisir Atbol — Las been placed by his spirited purchaser, Mr. David Jones, in tho charge of (hat painstaking youog trainer, Phil. Heywood, at Caulfleld. He will be io good company with youngsters of bia own age, and have excellent school- masters besides in cider horses of proved abilities. The newly-introduced Totalisator Bill, brought forward by Mr. Bean in the South Australian Parliament, limits the use of the instrument to ten days in the year. There seems every likelihood that tbe new arrange ments will become law. Those who take a personal or even a merely inquisitive interest in breeding matters should not mrse conniog the list of droppings at (ho principal studs, which regularly appear in our columns, so as to keep themselves in cognisance of the results of 44 happy 'unions." For instance, it is worth bearing iu mind that the famous Lur- line has produced a colt foal to the success ful rire Angler ; that the highly-bred Canard has just had twins (who didn't lire) to the same horso ; that Mischief, dam of First King, has this season given Mr. James Wilson a full-sister to the double Champion winner; and that the Gleaormiston establish ment has been having a remarkable prepon derance of filly foals. The cablegrammed results of the Gesare- witch, Middle Park Plato, and Champion Stakes appear ia another column, and it will be seen on reference that each of theno interesting races has been won by Mr. W. S. Crawfurd, the second husband of that enthusiastic and eccentric lady-turfite, the Duchess of MoDtrose. All three of (he events formed part of the customary New market October programme, Corrie Roy winniog'ths first, Msobeath tbe'second, and Thebais the third. It is deserving special mention that the two leading horses in the Gbampiou Stakes were both got by the successful Hermit, and that the sensational Dutoh Oven, the unlooked-for winner of the St. Leger, wae beaten by two four-year- olds with the worst of the weights. In out Adelaide correspondent's letter the final doings over the Hotspur fiasco are recorded. The comparatively easy defeat of Guesswork in the Caulfleld Guineas seems to have caused very natural surprise 44 on his native heath." TilE latest canine arrivals at Fiemington are the South Australiuu representatives Knave of Diamonds, the Steeplechaser, and Standard Bearer, a Derby colt, in charge of Tom Jordan ; whilst Kingsdale, a Mari byroong Plater, with his schoolmaster, Cockney, have come from New South Wales under Alsopp's care. Cocenet, the son of Mr. Thomas Coker's pet Barb marc Lstona, has been distinguish ing himself by scoring a win, the Wollongong Handicap having been plaoed to his credit, carrying Sst. His former owner always maintained be had a lot of pace, and even took a shot about him for the last V.R.C. Derby, and a double of tbe two Cockneys for Derby and Cup ; nor could he have been far wrong in his estimate, for he did his mile half win in Smin. 43sec. A sale of allotments in the dose vicinity of Caulfleld racecourse takes placo noxfc Saturday, the position being known as Tooronga Park. As I happen to know that several owners and trainers are desirous to avail themselves of tbe excellent training ground affordod by the sandy nature of the Caulfleld tracks, the present opportunity should not be lost sight of, inasmuch as capital sites for stabling and boxes will be offered by the auctioneers, Messrs. Lerame and Co. Atiee the Windsor Handicap was over last Saturday, the stewards had the lad who rode The Ghost brought before them in order to be interrogated as to his not getting away with the other starters. On examining Mr. Haines horse, however, it was found he had been severely wale-marked, and surely no other evidence could be needed that tbe rider hod done bis best to make up ground lost through the roan's known froctiouaness at the post. Toe well-known popular knight of tbe hammer, Mr. T. S. Cubborn, announces that the annual sale of Mr. Andrew Town's thoroughbred and cart yearlings and cart mares will take plaoe at the well-known estate on Hobart Hills, Richmond, N.S.W., in January next. The blood stock is by Maribyroong, Grand Flaneur, Rapid Bay, and other well-known sires, and the draught stock by equally well-known stallions. There will, doubtless, be representatives from all the colonies present at the sale, and Mr. Clibborn will, as usual, suoceed alike in pleasing buyer and seller. We shall be glad to hear that eome of Mr. Town's aristocratic youngsters hare been secured for the Victorian turf. The Victorian Trotting Club moat be con sidered , and correctly so, it is to be hoped, a genuinely good investment, for I notice that a paroelof shares are advertised an this day's paper as 44 wanted." The following anecdote of the kindly in stinct occasionally displayed by the miscalled 44 brute creation " has been furnished to the Geelong Advertiser by Mr. James Wilson, of Bt. Albans ; and it is far too interesting to be buried in the columns of a country journal. It seems that 44 shortly after foaling the other day a valuable throughbred mare died at tbe paddockB attained to roe Ajoass iudm. Strange to relate, the fool, which had lost its mother, was quickly taken care of by a mare in the same paddock, which had a fool at foot for about a month. The orphan fool appears to be well looked after bv its foster pu-ent, and promises to be a well developed animal Instances of this description are said by the long experienced Mr. Wilson to be Of rerj rare occurrence." James O'Neill and Harry Hayes write ns as follows under date 44Caa£field, 17th Ootober. — To the editor of the Spoetshah. — Sir, — Will you kindly allow os through your columns to thank Mr. John Madden, senior, and the other gentlemen that con tributed to a gift to ns as whippezs- in of the MpZbooRte Hunt Club," The Geelong Sires' Produce Stakes has closed with the capital nomination of exactly twenty horses, the list being as under : — Robinson Crusoe Irish Kin; Kioy of the Ring Fiscator Grand Prix Argus Scandal Progress Gang Forward Proto-Martyr Angler Ncckeraget King Tom Qunmbone Mneket The Hook Tubal Cain Tim WhifHer - Tho Unrqais It will thus be seen that Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and New Zealand ore each represented. The sale of booths, gates, and other race course privileges for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, takes placo on Monday noon at Kirk's Bazaar. As an immense attendance of the public is assured, there should be keen competition amongst investors, whether they bo 14 publicans or sinners." The secretary to the Melbourne Hurling Club, in a letter in another columo, gives reasons why that dob should be regained as one of the champion dabs of the colony, and in reply challenges the Emerald Club, one of the members of which, in our issne last week, took exception to the Melbourne Club being regarded as a premier club. Thi< look like business. We always prefer action to talk. Ms. Ghoeoe Watson— tbe popular master of the Melbourne Hounds, and tbe much- respeoted official starter for (be V.R.C. and V.A.T.C. — reoei ved the gratifying compli- at a special banquet given in his honour but of receiving a valuable testimonal in the shape of a silver tea and coffee service in recognition of his long services in the hunt ing field. His son, and able asriatant, yonng Mr, Thomas Watson, was also tbe recipient of a handsome souvenir from some of his many sporting friends. Now that tbe details of the match of the Australian Eleven against the All-England team are to hand, it is impossible not to ad mire tbe pluck of 44 our boys." Tbe more closely it is scanned tbe more creditable is the victory achieved by our eleven over tho fiowor of English cricket. The All-England ElercD, it ia admitted, was the best team it was possible to get together. The Aus tralians had to do without Paltner, who was unable to play. They also had bad luck at ! tbe start, and at one time the odds were more than offered against Zulu for last year's Cup that the Australians would be beaten easily. Yet by their pluck and dogged determination they pulled the game through, and, as tbe English papers assert, by tlieir persistence in not knowing when tbey were beaten established a funk among the premier players of England. The result of the match is valuable, not merely as show- ins tho progress made by cricket in these colonies but far more so in demonstrating that the dogged perseverance in difficulties, and the indomitable courage when defeat seemed certain, which have characterised the Anglo-Saxon race, have not deteriorated in theso new lands. One of the latest arrivals to do battle for tbe good things now tempting racing men must be mentioned the South Australian filly Lady Jervois, who has been brought over safely by her trainer, J. Hill. This filly has been a first- class performer on the South Australian racecourses, and a notice of ber is given in our review of the Maribyr- nong candidates. There can bo no doubt that she will be a formidable opponent to the fancied ones for the big two- year-old race, jndgiog by her past performances. Lady Jervois has taken up her quarters at tbe Racecourse Hotel, Newmarket. T Atf glad to find that by the report of the Longford Racing Club they have a good balance Io alarl with this year. They a) wars have their races on New Year's Day, and a most pleasant out it is tor the people of Stile, who do not have their meeting until some time after. The club is bouud to progress whilst it has such a thoroughly energetic secretary os Mr. James Korstmg.'who enters so thoroughly into tho work he undertakes, Mb. W. Feaeson's well known steeple chase jockey, 44 Billy" Halstead, has gone in fot the life of a boniface, be having re cently taken the Hunt Club Hotel, at Wurruk, near Sale. This hotel was well known in the olden days, when the late Mr. Bowes was its proprietor, and I am sure that it will lose none of its good reputation whilst Halstead has it in his hands, for he is an obliging and oonrteous youog fellow, to whom I wish every suocess. He informs me that he intends erecting some loose boxes on the premises, so that visitors to tbe next Sale races cannot do better than give Hal stead a turn. Amongst the latest additions to the ranks of the horses from the sister colony of N.S.W. for our great spring racing carnival is the well-shaped and magnificently bred bay colt Kingsdale. This arietocratio youngster is by Maribyroong, from the imported mare Rosed≤, who was by Tyned≤ from the Stockwell mare Thrift. Now Thrift is tbe dam of Tristan, the admittedly greatest horse now running os the English turf, he being by Hermit from Thrift. It is no wonder, coming from such a racing family, that Kingsdale oan gallop, and gallop well, too. Hia first attempt on the racecourse was at tbe opening meeting of the Sydney Turf Club, held at Randwick, in tbe Two-year- old Stakes, four furlongs. The race was won by Halifax, with Statesman second, and Kingsdale ran right up to the latter, but was not plaoed. For this race he had only received one fast gallop, and at the Hawkes- bury meeting soon afterwards the eon of Rosed≤ romped home ahead of Morceau, Tristan, aud others, thus showing that he possesses any amount of foot. He is the property of Mr. Stewart, the well-known Sydney 44 vet," and lam sure ne one wishes his spirited owner more suocess than I do. Kingsdale has come over in charge of that ' most p&inBtaking; of trainers, J. Alsopp, who arrived in Melbourne on Monday afternoon and took op his quarters at the Newmarket Hotel. Tee dust on the course at Caulfield on Saturday when the horses were galloping in front of the stand was something to be remembered, and there can be no two opinions as to tbe jockeys keeping it in remembrance. It was bad enough to be of the same colour as Mr. Miller's jockey who rode Cooreena, but he bad tbe laugh eventu ally at his white (?) brother jocks, for tho dirt made no difference to his complexion, but it did to theirs, for they were unable to obtain a wash until they went home, as there was no water available in tbe jockeys room. Some of them went to the bar, and got some water in bottles, but others who did not t.bjnlr of this means of clearing their faces of j tho black dirt had to remain uncomfortable for the remainder of the day. Some means of keeping down the dust must be devised if accidents are to be prevented. It is a wonder that from this cause there was not a serious accident in the Findon Harriers' Vases race, as there waa a long toil from start to finish, and it was with difficulty that the horses and riders in roe race coiua aisuoguuu vue jumps. 8 Amongst the payments made by the YA-T.C. over the recent October meeting, the most novel —and perhaps the most inter esting and the most meritorious— was the i bheqoe for £50 to Mr- Mitchell, the owner of St. Lawrenoe'e ore, Glorious, eubh being the wise nod enoomaging conditions of the Great FoalStakea. I hav e uready observed that the second oolt in the Oanlfidd Guineas, Boolks, is also by Glorious. Sbaekholdsbs in the great Bonanza Con sultation will find the results of tbe drawing in our advertising columns. We understand that a large number of shares has already been disposed of for the Champion Cansulta- 