: FATHER CHINIQUY AGAIN. (From the Hwiioari.);.: Our indefatigable friend. Father Chiniquy has our best, thanks for the pamphlet, which he has just sent us. Its short title is PajiaZ Idolatory, and it contains " An Exposure of the Dogma of Transuhstantiation and Mari- olatry ; along with several other tractates which, if our recollection serves. us aright, are reprints of tracts which our friend has written and published from time to time. The pam phlet is dedicated to Cardinal M'Closkey New York, who, we venture to say, will not pay so cheerfully for the honour thus con ferred upon ; him, as the " patrons of litera ture" are reported as . having; paid for such compliments, in former days. ; / ; The principal .treatise in; the pamphlet , is then iOn transubsfantiation. .In it a solemn arid conclusive:argument is .maintained,, with Ghiniquyls characteristic liveliness, under the following, " considerations ," — . i. V Pirsi , Transubstantiatiou , is idolatry. . . \ Second Transubstantiation. is the most de grading form of -idolatry. Third ; God Himself t turns the wafer-God of Borne into ridicule, t ' PourtA ; . Our. Saviour Jesus Christ fortells the abominable, .idolatry-of tho Wafer-Clirists of Rome,"nd warns His; disciples.against.it.,! Fifth .Transubstantiation/ makes God,- in-, ferior ;to man, and :changes jnan into God.;.!/ ; .. ; .. Alth.oughiwe do, ri.pt, say ,that;all the argur ments; adduced: under these ' heads' are equaUy conclusive, yet we Jiavemo hesitation iii saying that the/ result, of .the whole is demonstrative of the. thesis enunciated in. the-title. !.,,< A; fitting - appendix to . this treatise is; the story, of ithevabstraction of , the consecrated wafer, by a, irnt,.. which , the author, we ,'thiDk, has , told'A before.:, , It, relates .to .an ; old .blind priest;,. who , was. living .in Chiniquy's, house, and officiating .at mass u'n ,Chiniqu3A church. Omitting the account given, of , the - priest's previous historj'-, . wo quote the - narrative of the abstraction : — . ." To help the poor blind priest, the curates around Quebec . used to keep him by turn, in their/parsonages,, and give ,him .the cares and marks. of respect due to his old age.. After the, Rev. Mr. Roy, curate: of Charles Bourg, had kept hitn five or. six weeks, I had taken him-.to.my parsonage. . It' was .in the month of May-r-a month entirely,, consecrated, to the worship of the Virgin Mary, to whom Father Daule was a -most., devoted., priest. He was really inexhaustible, when trying to. prove to us how Maiy was the surest, the only founda tion, of the hope: and salvation of sinners ; how she was constantly appeasing the just wrath of. her Son Jesus, wno, were it not for His love and respect to her, would have:long since crushed us down. ' ..The Councils of Borne have forbidden the blind priests to say their mass ; but on account of his high piotj', he had got from the Pope, tho; privilege of celebrating the short mass of. the Virgin,, which he knew perfectly by. heart.. One morning, when the. good, old . priest was at the altar saying his mass, and f was. in the vestry hearing the confession of. the people; the young. servant-boy came to , me in haste, and ; said, ' Father-' .Daule,. calls. yoii ; please come quick.'; Fearing something wrong Iiad happened tp.my .old friend, I lost no time and ran to him. il . found him . nervou.sly/ tapping the altar with his two, hands, as in, .an anxious search for some very precious thing.. ; When very near to him,: I said,.,' What do . you want?!, He answered with a shriek -of dis tress,,, 'The good god lias disappeared from thealtar./. . ... He is lost !, J'ai; perdu le Bon Diou. . . Il.est disparu de .dessus I'autol !' Hoping. that ho was mistaken and that he had only thrown away the. good god (Le Bon Dieii) on the floor, by some accident, I looked on the altar — -athisifeet — every where I could suspect that the good god might have been moved, away by. some mistake of the /hand; Butthe most minute search was of no avail ; the good god could not be. found. I really felt stunned.. . At first, remembering the thou sand miracles I had read about tho disappear ance, marvellous changes , of form' of the wafer-god, it came to my mind that we wore in the presence of some great miracle, and that, my eyes were, to see.some of those great raaryels of which the books of tho Church of Bomeare, filled. But I had soon to change my mind, when a thought flashed . through my memory which chilled the blood in my veins... : The church of Beauport was inhabited by a multitude of the boldest and most insolent rats I had ever seen. Many times, when saying my- mass, I had seen the: ugly Aose of several of them, who, undoubtedly attracted by the, smell , ofi .thei fresh wafer,; wanted / to makoitheir .breakfast with .the body,': blood;. soul,;and divinity, of ray poor Bornan Catholic Christ. ..But/as : I was /constantly in motion, or praying! with: a loud; 'voice; .the! rats had' invariably been frightened, and fled away into their secret quarters. I felt terfor-8tfuck;by the thought that the.good god(Lo Bori Dieu)' had 'been taken. away and eateri;by the rats; Father Daule SO sincerely believed what all - the priests of Borne are ! bound to believe that h'e.'.had the power, to 'turn. the wafer! into God-r-that, .after.! he had 'pforiounced!' the! words by; which the great ' ;marvel : was ' wrought, he used to pass from five to fifteen minutes.in silent- adoration. He was then as motionless as a marble statue, and his feelings' were SO' strong; that often torrents of tears ; used to .flow . from his., eyes on his cheeks. Leaning my head towards the' distressed old priest, 1 said to him, 'Have you not remained, as you, are used, a. long time motionless, in' adoring the good god after the consecra tion ?'...-,;: . ./,. Hc.quickly answered; ' Yes I But what has this to do with the loss of the good god ?' I replied in a low voice, hut with a real accent of distress and awe, ' Some rats have dragged and eaten the good god 111' ' What do you say ? ' replied Father Daule ; ' the good god carried awaj' and eaten by rats ?' ' Yes,' I replied, ' I have not the least doubt about it.' 'My God! My God! What a dreadful calamity upon me!' rejoined the, old man,; arid raising his hands and his eyes io'lieaven, he cried out again, ' My God ! My God ! Why- have you not taken away my life, before such a misfortune could fall upon me ? ' He could not speak any longer ; his yoice was choked: hy his sobs.-..,;; .ii'!.';."!;:" ../At first I did not jknow! what ,tO; say,; a thousand: thoughts, /some; !very,%rnvb, , some exceedingly ludicrous, crossedimy;niind,more i rapidly than I can say them.i il stood there as ' nailed to the floor, iby the old priest; .who was weeping as a' child; till , he:-asked-, me,' with a voice broken by his- sobs, i I What must L do no w ? " I , I answered: him, ;' The, Church bas foreseen; occurrenoesi'of '.tiiis kindj aud. provided hfor. them the remedy.: Il'lie: only thing ;you , have to do is to'get a now wafer; consecrate it; .and continueyoun mass,; as if .,' nothing strange had occurred. 1 will, go- and "get; you, just, now, anew, bread.' > , -iliwent, without .losing a', moment,! to tho vestry, got and brought .a new.iwafcr, which : he'consecrated and) turned', into, a; new." god, and finished his mass , as; I.Iiadi-told . him. After it'was over, I. took the disconsolate old priest 'by :.the>: hand .to. my, parsonage; for breakfast. But all along the: way, he rent .tho air with his -, cries of distress. . liHo: ; would, hardly taste anything, for his soul was really drowned in a sea of disconsolation. I vainly, tried to calm his feelings,. by tolling him that there was: no fault o,f his ; that .this strange and sad occurrence was. not the : first of .that kind ; that he had been calmly.foreseen by tho Church, which lias told us what lo do in these circumstances that there was. no neglect, no fault, no offence against God or man on his part. But as: he would not- pay the least attention to what I said, I felt the onlyithing I had to do was to remain .silent and respect his grief, by lotting, him unburden, his heart by his lamentations and tears. , I had hoped that his "good common , sense would help diirn to overcome hisi feelings, .but I was mistaken ; his lamentations were as long as .those of Jeremiah, and: the /expressions of his grief at bitter. At last I lost iny patience and ; said, - 1 My dear Fatlier Daule, allow, , me to telh you, re spectfully; that it is quite time to stop those lamentations and tears. Our great and' just God: cannot like such an excess. of sorrow and regret about a thing which was only and entirely under the control of His, .power and eternal wisdom.' /' What do you, say .there ?' replied the old priest; with a vivacity .' which ; resembled anger. ' I say that, as itiwas not in your power.'to foresee or; avoid that ioccurrenco, .jyoii have not the least reason to act andi speak as ;you do. Let us keep our regrets and our, tears for our sins : we have both- committed matiy, and we cannot weep them too ; much. .But there is no sin here ; and there must be some reasonable limits to our sorrow. If. anybody had to weep and: regret wi thout measure what has happened, it would' be" Christ. For He alone could foresee that event, and He alone could prevent it. Had it been His -will to oppose: this: sad and mysterious fact, it was in His," not in our power -to prevent it. Ho alone has suffered from it, because it was His will to suffer it.' . . . , . . ' Mr. Chiniquy,' he replied, 'you are quite a young man ; and I see you ' have the want of attention and ' experience which are; too often seen among your priests. You do not pay a sufficient attention to tho awful calamity which has just occurred in- your Cimrch. If 3'ou had more faith arid piety, you : would weep ' With me," instead of laughing "at iny grief; ' How can you speak- so lightly of a tiling which makes the angels of -God weep? Our dear Saviour dragged and eaten by rats ! Oh I great God !" does - not this surpass - the humiliation and horrors 'of Calvary ? ' ' ' My! dear, Father Daule,' I replied, 'allow ine respectfully to tell you that I understand, as well as you do, the nature of 'the deplora ble event of this morning. -.1 'would have given my Flood to prevent- it. - But; let us look' at that fact in its proper light ; it is not. a moral action for us ; it did not depend on our will more than the spots on the sun.' Tho" ' only one who is accountable for that fact is our God. For, -again, l"sa3',',that He wa.s the only one who could' foresee and prevent it. There Is no- need of confessing It here ; every one who reads these lines, and pays at- tention to this convorsatiori, will understand that my former so robust faith in my priestly ; power of changing the wafer into rriy God had melted away and evaporated from my \- mind ; if not entirely, at least to a great extent. -- - Great and now lights had flashed through my soul in that hour. Evidently my merciful' God! wanted to open my eyes tc the awful absurdities and impieties of 'a_ religion whose ;God could- bo dragged and: eaten fats. 'Had/I been- faithful to the saving lights which 'Were in' me then, I was saved in that very hour : and before the end of that day, I would -have broken the/shameful chains by which the Pope had tied 'iny neck to his idol of bread. In that hour it'senrnod to mo evi dent - that the - (iogmii- of Transubstantiation was a most monstrous' impbstiiro, and iriy priesthood an insult to God and man. . My intelligence said to me, with a thunder ing voice,- ' Do not "remain any longer the priest of , a God whom you make every day, and Whom'tho-rats cftii eat.' Though' blind, -Father Daule understood well,- by the' 'stern acoehts of my voice, that my faith in Ithat god whom he had 'created thatimbrningj'land' whom- the rats - had eaten, had -been seriously -modified, if' not entirely crumblcdi-' downi " He ' remained-: silent - for some time : after which he invited me to-sit by him.-y He then spoke to me with a pathos and an' authority which my youth and- his old- age;; alone could justify. He gave me the most awfiir rebuke I ever had ; he really opened on my poor wavering intelligence, soul, and heart, all the -cataracts of; heaven; He overwhelmed me with a' deluge of holy Fathers, Councils, and Infallible Popes, who, be assured me, had. believed i and preached, before the whole world, in, all agesj the dogma of Transiibstantiation;-- . /isi; . If-I bad- paid attention-toithelvoice of iny intelligence, and accepted the-h'ghtsi which my, merciful -God : was-' gi vingl me,- T could fihave easily-smashed' thefargunients :of 'i the 'old priest. But what has huiuan iritelligence<to do in -the Church of Rome ?,"iWhat:could my intelligence say ? I'.was forbidden to hear- it. What! was -the' weight of my poor isolated- intelligence when put, in the. balance- against so many. learned, holy, infallible intelligences ?- Al as ! ! I was , not aware then th at th e weigh t- of the intelligence of God the Father, Son; and Holy Ghost was- on - my side ; and .that, weighted - against the- intelligence of ; the Popes,- they were greater than 'all. the worlds against a grain of sand. .. " One hour, after shedding .tears of regret, I was at the feet of Father "Daule, in, the con-, fessional-box,' confessing'; the great sin -I had committed by doubling,>for a nioment,' of the power of the priest to changethe wafer into God. The old priest, whose voice had been- like- a lion's voicoUvheii !speaking 10 the unbelieving, curate of - Beauport, -had - become sweet as the voice of a lamb when he had me at his feet'- conlessing my unbelief. - Ho gave me .my pardon. For.iny penance, he forbade me ever- to say a . word on the sad end- of : the god -he had created that morning ; because, said he, "This would'-destroy. the faith of-' the most sincere Eomari Catholics.' -For. the other part of -the penance,'! had-togo' on my knees every day, during'fhine; days; before 'the fourteen images of the way of the cross, and- say a penitential psalm before, every picture ; which 1 did; . But; itlie sixth -day- the skin of -ray knees was pierced, and the blood was.'flowing;. freely. I suffered! real; torture: every time. I; knelt down arid at every stepJl'made.- Buti it seemed ' to.iine - thritiithesei terrible tortin-es were nothing compared! to iriy groat iniquity!) ; !l;had;refused,ufor!a! moment, to" bclievo) that a' man can. create his igo'd : with a -wafer l! and I had thought, -that -a Cliu rch- - which' adores; ia- god .'catcn- by ratsi must be an idola-- trous- Church ! " We gladly take this opportunity, afresh to commend'- Pastor, Chiniqiiy; and .his work to the sympathy nnd'tho'praycrs of our roaders.- Thcrc is no man in our time that has been so honoured; of) God to-do a- greats-work, and what; is emphatically God's work ; and it is most meet that: all who are - interested in'- the" inogiess 'and- ultimate achievement of, that work should - take a -hearty interest -in - this dejpartmentiofit. , 