the assembly. Order, an reprosontod by hit) sorono hlglmetH tho Sfwiker, was CHtablishoil by: his punctual nnd majestic uppoarAnco, ami ijwtod for quito a long timo, a qimiter of »n hour at least1,' boforo iho umia! gmuo of high jinks began I hiring tbia preliminary cantor, various ques tions wero jinked and ansiverod witli much gravity. For iuHtance, Mr Andoraon wanted to know when the Colao and Oampordown Railway would bo opoiiud, and Mr Bout ro. plied tlmt it would bo on tlio firBt of Octobor, or later, if dolay could not bo avoided; or not no Into, if making haste proved practicable. Very civil, very sweet, vory Batiafaotory, : Mr M'Coll bpgan the row. Thoro's always ik saint or n woman at tho bottom of a disturb- nnce, nnd tins timo it was tho saiut. Why Mr M'Coll should always talk about providence is a mystery, for ho tompts it continu ally. Tho chief thing that tho good man wanted to know this time was what tho Minister of Lands moaut to do concerning tho Gunnawarra laud casoa which aro under his consideration. A plain man would hnvo asked tho question in a plain way, but tho saintly M'Coll insinuated— coarsely enough— that, tho Minister of Lands was pur- posoly keeping back bis decision, in order to nullify tho finding of tho Board, and that ho was iiiiluoncod in doing ho by prossuro brought tb boar by an ox-momber of Parliament, It is astonishing ihnttmch a saintly mau should bo so ready to io.puto wlokodnoss to his nolghbor. How about tho "charity thattliinkotli no ovil,' Mr M'Coll ? Howovor, Mr Madden dofomled himself warmly, and explained that tho argu mouts at tho appeals lasted three weeks, aud ouo counsel npoko for soven hours, Ho had not boon alio to got a report yot from tho short-hand writers, aud should not decide until ho had rend tho ovidcnco. No ouo would, probably, oxeopt Mr M'Ooll or Mr Longmoro, When tho hoavy frigato of tho last-named gcntlomnnsnilcd into tlioiight,tbo little M'Coll cockboat took up a safe position out of tho range of tho firing, which wasfurious, Mr Longmoro mado a vory bnd shot at tho beginning. Ho accusod tho Ministry of paying shorthand writers ovcrtimo night after night on tho Tramway Committee, aud declared "ho know it for a fact," oven whoa cautioned from bis own sido of tho House. Mr Mirama neatly pricked tho bubbla by remind ing Mr Lungnmra that tho Tramway Commit teo hod only begun its duties that day, and Mr Gillies douched tho point by showing that tho Government did not print thoavidenco,and no did not trcspanH on tho shorthand writers. Did Mr Longmoro euro ? Not a jot 1 lie went en, nud on, and on, flinging mud at a groat rato, now at Mr Madden, now at Mr Byron 'Moore, nnd now at Mr Kerferd, who is, how ever, a match for him, and gave him as good as he sent. ' 1 liko to preserve tho words of wisdom which (luw from tho honnrablo and attractive) mouiborfor Carlton, and I, therefore, horo interrupt tho narrative, as ho did Mr Korford, by recording that ho interjected his opinion that "the principles of justice," do. not aotuuto mombors "in that Houso." IIo wuh not sitting next to Dr Quick ;at"! the timo, and indcod ho openly desortod that, gentleman last night. The temporary alliauco botwoen "Brains "nnd "Beauty," was broken, a fact which may accouut for tho romarl; mado by thomomber for Carlton. Of courao, the fight ondod in smoke, the lost shot boing firod by Mr 11. Clark; who accusod' Mr M'Coll of boing incompetent to write an articlo which had appeared in tho jyarnug Times. This was a most improper way of putting it. I should not any tho good mau was iucotn- potont, but moroly that ho could not be ox pcctod to condescend to write in such a com mon thing ah a nowapapor unless it wore the Court Circular or souio othor aristocratic organ, iTheStawoll pooplo have sent a petition in favor of "Local Option" through Mr Woods, whoso virtues aro rnihor opposed, to .allowing anybody any option at all. "Gape, sinner, and Hwallow," said Meg Morriles, to Dominie Sampson, and really Mr Woods iu his frequent oracular mood is Hiiggostive of tho Mug Morriles manner. Mr Gardiner came back refreshed, and pro pounded an arithmetical problem on the oight hours question to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Tlio Premier roplicd in his most ponderous fashion, " That if workmen workod fifty hours a wook during ono moiety of tho year, and forty- five hours a week during tlio romainder, thoy did not oxcccd an average of forty-oight hours all tho year round !" Dear mo J When- oyer Sir Bryan O'Loghlen anawors Mr Gardiner, I am 'always re minded of tho gravo and gcntlo tap with which tho Nasmyth twenty-five ton stoam hammer cracks a nut, without injuring tlio kernel. Long may tbo Premior gontly tap tho lion, mombcr for Carlton, and long may ho bapreecnt to bo tapped, "A thing of beauty is a joy for ovor." Of courso tho real row was ovor tlio railway job, after tho Speakor had loft the chair and M- Cooper had taken his seat meekly at the head of tho table between tho juuior wigs, I liko to sco Mr Coopor take tbnt seat. Ho IooVh just liko Abonovolont host who is colloct ins bis energies beforo carving a haunch o venison. I always feel inclined to rise and 1 prbpoBQ his health, nnd I would do it, if I woro not in deadly fear of tho sonior member for Castlomnlno, who always looks forocloas wh'ou the Houso goes into Gommittoo, The first shindy took plkcobetwoon Mr Shiols and Mr Bout, Mr Shiols ussertod that tho Estimates for tlio - Hamilton and Coloraino lino wore in tbo dopartmont boforo Mr Bont wont thro, and that tbeCommissioner knew nothing about them, Then ho accused Mr Bant' of going to a publie houso, an accusation at wliich Mr Bent looked honestly sbockod. "Loss liquor) Mo?" Bays Salrey Gamp, "Leave tho bottle on the chimloy piece, and lot mo put my lips to it when I'm so dis pogod." I think Mr Bont is really n match for Mr ShiolH, as well as for' many othor peppic. At any rate tho .fino. scorn with which - the . Honorable Tom emphasised tho statement tlmt " Mr Officer is a respectable man" extinguished Normanby for the timo, I am sorry to say Mr SbielBdoos not look woll; perhaps ho will improve when tlio rolway is off his mind. Ho spoake nicoly though ho is a little proaoboy, and ho rocitos poetry almost as well as Sir George Bowom though bo put a false quantity in tho last linos of ibis quotation from Lindsay Gordon, Tho debate on this lino was enlivonod by tho assertion of that superior person Sir Ohnrlos MacMahon that "tho railway accounts were so confused tlmt no ono could make out what ware the receipts or expenditure on nny; particular line." Further on Mr M'Coll con tributed his quota of fact to tho fun. "Ho had known a sapling to bo put down into sixty feotof deep blaok soil in tho Wlmmcra Ob ! Mr M'Coll ! bow can you ? What a enint ! What soil 1 ! What a Bapling 1 ! ! Of course Mr Bent got his own way, and after this wo ploddod along comfortably until we came to tbo Swan Hill line. Then came tho tug of war, Mr Gillies took up tho cudgels for Eclmca, which roally is in a dangerous position, has less trado than it desires, and far too many public-houses, Mr Gillies is tho bost speaker in tho Homo by long degroos, though a littlo rasping in stylo, and ho mado all tbo pointB ho could, nnd moro than woro expected, Fcbuca is Paradise; Swan Hill is purgatory; a railway to tbo last placo wiilHond them both toPandomonium.That wiis tho gist of bis neat argument. Mr I'ishor most unwisely sandwiched himself between Mr Gillies and Sir Jobu O'Sha , naby. who also opposed the lino in his | jpually; ttafiiQ';.nnd .tyftwtfiitfnF: ntyuiu«r. It Fooma to mo llml the mantlo of tho Ute Mrs SIddnna haa descended to Sir John who is bitterly ironical or f-.uvoroly Klathtic.il, by turns, Imt in nothing if not tragic!. All tho wooh of all tlio wethora that aro r.lioni for bis unite aro presout In his memory whon ho riees to denounce Mr Bent, whom he ap parently halm with nil intensity which i quito ' delightful to me. I fool like Dr JohnHon'H ghost In my love for a good Inter, and I am , sure that in shadow lund Uio lexicographer in blesBinr Sir John O'ShiUinssy. Bctwcon Sir Tolm and Mr Gilliin, Mr Kislior was squeezed soft, aud Major Smith fiiiiiihod the learned mid hirsuto momber for htnuthuaug by misropro- nonting the lattoi's ti-legrnmH. Fancy tho innooenco of dear Mr Fisher, who bunded tho Major tologramH intended to demolish the gallant oHicur'n case, and oxpccletl him to road them vorbatiiu. NVns it a goon who put hor head hi a lion's mouth, ur n gander, or a lawyer? The fight went on for hours, bnt Mr Bont at tho end of the timo hammered away, and mado a good impression in favor of his plan, which ho declares ia " national." You cannot hotp behoving Mr Bent, because ho ovidontly beliovos himself, which is inoro than can bo said for everybody in the House. At fivo minutes to olovon tho Spoakor re- turned, and Doctor Quick, who had boon sitting sorrowfully witli his faco turned to tho wall, was the first, I think, to leave tho Chamber, A long sigh at my elbow attracted my notice, I turnod, and thoro wns the elderly Diana, looking with tear- ful eyoa through her humid spectacles at his retreating form. "Ho puts his foot on tho seat liko tho othor doos," sho said ; " but they aro not bucU neat feet." Not liking to see beauty in distress, and not kuowiug how to consolo her, I loft ber in possession of my nlaco In thn GALLERY. 