ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1882. WHEN a Commission of military experts tell us lhat the reported strength of our Volunteer Force exists only on paper ; that the present condition of the Force is not satisfactory ; that the attendance of officers and men at drill and parade, is, as a rule, very irregular : that the Force generally is losing ground ; and that it made efficient for the purposes of defence, there arc few people who will not be ready to say that something must be done to remedy the state of matters. " Defence, not defiance," is . the motto of the volunteers, but if it be used by a body which is impotent it can carry little significance. Fine words will possess little weight among possible enemies, if they proceed from battalions which exist only on paper. If our military organisation is to be worth the money paid for it, and if it is not to be a delusion and a snare-a broken reed in time of danger-it must have a substantial reality. Every one will agree with -the Commissioners, who have shown us oiir volunteer army is only the ghost of what it should, in their recommendation that a thorough reform should be made in the constitution of our military force. It seeins to bs necessary that we must have a.standing army. When we think of the influence the vast military machines have had on the progress of civilization in Europe ; on the fearful instruments they become in thc hands of despots ; and of the grievous burden they are on the indus- trious workers, who form the bulk of the Continental nations, our first impulse'is to deprecate the introduction or forma- tion of such an institution in our midst. The millenial era has not yet dawned on the 'world/ and casting our «yes but a short distance back over the pages of history, we cannot fail to see that the antipathies of race, the feelings of nationality and ; patriotism, and the excitement of actual hostilities prompt men to the committal of deeds, regarded in calmer hours, and peaceful times with horror. We must .realise .the truth of the axiom that "those who would live at peace must be prepared for war." So far as this colony individually is concerned the probability is that it will be a very long time before we have cause to take up arms in a quarrel of our own. The political atmos- phere of Australia is as clear of war clouds as the material firmament in summer weather. But Queensland forms a part of that vast empire on which the sun never sets. To our mother country wc are bound, not only com- mercially and politically, but by lies of affection. . /.The British Empire is always exposed to attacks (rom enemies without, and danger from concealed foes within. In the event of Britain having to go to war with any of the Great Powers of Europe, our colony would be exposed to attack from hostile arms. To cripple her commerce, to cut off her sup- plies of merchandise, to paralyse lier supports would be the objects of the enemies of the old country. For their accomplishment war ships would be put upon the seas, and, .by a sudden outbreak of hostilities, we might, find our ports shut by the iron clads of an enemy, and a marine brigade threatening to destroy our ' principal coast towns. To be prepared to meet such a contingency we must have a permanent force of trained soldiers. It is desirable, not only for the service it might render in case of emergency, but for the advantages that would arise from it in time of extremity, as the nucleus of an army, and the source of a supply of men capable of teaching others. It is to be regretted, we think, that, when they had the opportunity of giving suggestions, the military Com- mission did not make them of a .more practical character. Having so distinctly and decidedly condemned the present Force, they ought to have proposed a longer stride in the direction they think Government should proceed. Some time ago, in an article in our columns, we suggested that an attempt should be made to establish that fine old constitutional force the Militia in our midst. We pointed out that it possessed the merits of the regular army and the volunteers combined, and would be peculiarly adapted to the requirements of the colony. At that time we were not aware thc Militia had been tried with success in South Australia. This is thc case, however, and the circum- stance is referred to in support of the change proposed hy our Military Com- mission. They recommend thc forma- tion of an army of Militia, composed of artillery, engineers, and infantry. Thc maximum strength of this army they propose should be 520 men of all ranks. This is ridiculously small. A force double the size would not bc twice tlie cost, but it would be more than twice as efficient, far more~easiIy officered, and not more difficult to organise and handle. Such a force, moreover, would not form a fair nucleus for the formation of a larger in time of urgent danger. It would be much more reliable and efficient were the strength of our Volunteer Militia established al 2000 men. The period for which the men are to be enrolled is too short, when taken in connection with the limited period of annual drill. Practically the lattet is not more than a week, for we look upon the quarterly, Saturday, and moonlight drills as of little value. The effect of one drill is lost before the recurrence of another. In England the recruits of the militia are drilled daily for three weeks before the regiment musters, and- the annual training extends over a similar period. The proposal to pay men for going into camp for a week, and turning out occasionally in the course of the year lo moonlight drills &c;, seems to us mere trilling with a very serious matter. A force trained in this way would be little belter than the volunteers. It would bc found more satisfactory to make the annual period of training twenty-one days, and in thc case of re- cruits half as long again. Under such an arrangement the men would be thoroughly broken in, and taught to see the importance of all they did. While we think it is of the utmost conse- quence that there should be Volunteer Militia for Brisbane, we do not see why we should not have regi- ments at the Northern ports. We do not propose that there should be a regiment at each, but just \---. «" ".«. iri..bauui contribute to the formation of one militia regiment, so might Rockhampton, Maryborough, Gladstone, and Gympie form a regiment to be drilled alternately at the two first-named towns ; and Mackay and Townsville one, to be trained in the same way. Were it possible, in case of emergency, for the Brisbane Militia to be sent to the aid of any of these places, as they could be to Ipswich and Toowoomba, there would not be so much objection to the metro- polis having a monopoly of paid mili- tary ; but Maryborough or Rockhampton might be burned long bejpre the militia could come to the assistance of the local forces. It is not only desirable that our coast towns should have militia as a means of national defence, but if the public funds are to be spent in that way, the whole outlay should not be made at Brisbane. This is not a circumstance entitled to much consideration, perhaps, but in con- junction with others, it goes to show we should have several regiments of Volun- teer Militia. While glad to find that the Commission recommend movement in the proper direction, we are sorry they could not see their way to advise the Government to go further. WUEK returning from England a few months ago, Mr, M. D.'M'Eacham purchased a largo number of cocoa nuts. Some of them he sold here, and distributed them among persons anxious to try growing them. Ile got a large number planted at Sea Hill, and these have come np very promisingly. They aro healthy young plants with stems four inches above-ground. DUBING recent years indiarubber stamps liavo come into such constant use, that people now wonder how they were over able to do without them. Ono of-if not tho most-_ euooessful makers of theao oonvenionecs is the firm of Gardiner and Cool, of Brisbane and Sydney, Mr. Gardiner, who is now in Rock- hampton, has exhibited to us several speci- mens of various kinds of stamps, and the hundred and ono uses to which they may he put. One speciality was a stamp with move- able blocks attached, by means of which a business card, a billhead, or a memo, form can bc printed. Signatures and even good portraits can bo reproduced iu this form. Amongst thc signature stamps, which have been prepared by the firm, may bo mentioned that of Sir Hercules Robinson, who, when Governor of New South Wales a few years ago, was com- pelled to have a stamp made iu order to cope with the work oí signing land- grants and other official documents upon which his signature was requisite before they were lcgaL The utmost vigilance was exercised in guarding this, and on his departure for New Zealand, the stamp and thc requisite regal authority, -r also an ¡lidia rubber stamp - were destroyed ; as were also thc blocks from which they were copied and every detailed specimen of tho signature. Messrs. Gardiner aud Gool have supplied their stamps to thc Government officos in both colonies ; and their moveable date stamps aro now in UBS in nearly all the Post Offices in Queensland, From personal experience, wc are able to speak confidently respecting the manufactures of this firm, and doubtless Mr, Gardiner will make himself and his wares thoroughly well known before his departure, Mr. W. Hopkins and Mr, F. Hopkins aro tho local agents. A BPBCIAL general meeting of the share- holders of the newly formed Central Queens- land Newspaper Company, Limited, was held yesterday afternoon in Mr. G. B. Shaw's office. The Mayor presided and about fifteen shareholders were present. The object tho directors had in calling the meeting, was to seek a further expression of opiuiou respecting the purchase of tho plant and good will of tho Itorlliampton Lawjhinq Jackass. The reso- lution passed at the first meeting, agreeing to purchase thc said plant for il 50 -was read. Mr. H. Macdermott, in a speech of some length, referred in terms the reverse of com- plimentary to the character and tone of the paper in question, and concluded by inoviug that the resolution passed at thc first meeting bc rescinded, on thc grouud that thc Laughing Jackass plant "was not worth the money." Mr. T. F. Tagg seconded the motion. After a scries of personal recriminations between Mr. .1. Monaiiau and Mr. H. Macdermott; Mr. fl. 13. Shaw, Mr. fl. S. Curtis, Mr. J. Hart, and thc Chairmau expressed their opinions that they were bound to carry out their former resolution. Mr. H. W. Johnson moved an amendment to tho effect " that they were morally and equitably bound to carry out tho original resolution." This was seconded by Mr. J. Hart, opposed by Mr. L. Green, and supported by Mr. Shaw and Mr. Mouahan. Mr. Macdermott, in reply, asserted that thc price asked was 50 per ccut beyond thc value of thc plant, and referred to tho fact that up to the present no original invoices had been produocd. On a division, thc amend- ment was carried by a largo majority, tho Secretary holding proxies representing 19 votcB-all in favour of thc original resolution. The motion to purchase the plant for £150 was thoreforo confirmed. A voto of thanks to the Chairman-whose task in sustaiuing order had not beeu an easy one-terminated the proceedings. Orsa advices from Aramac to the 4th and (rom Peak Downs to the Uth instant, reached us hy last night's train after being delayed by the late rains. THE fifty-first monthly meeting of Ko. 7 Building Society waB held in tho Secretary's (Mr. R. L. Dilidiu) office, last night. Messrs. J. Ferguson and O. Bletoher presided as directors, A total of £88 11s. 4d. [waa received in subscriptions and interest. No advance shares were sold. WITH tho return of fino weather, the Hov. T. \V. l'ISraon has revived his project for the establishment of a gymnasium in Rock- hampton. All who are willing to ossist in the movement should attend thc meeting in reference thereto, at the School of Arts this afternoon at five o'clock. TUE Q.It.M.S. Almora, with the mails from England, arrived off Cooktown yesterday at 10'30 a,ra., several days late, and resumed her voyago to tho usual Bonthem ports at 2*30 p.m. She brings thirty-seven male and seventeen female immigrants for this port and about 300 tons of cargo. IN consequence of thc illness of Captain Reason, tho Palestine will Bhortly sail for 1 London under the command of Captain Gray, late of tho Sir William Wallace Tho latter vessel will proceed, about the close of the week, to Brisbane for repairs, under the charge of Mr. Grant, the present chief officer. Tixnv £eur tua ai<rAn -M.*.rAtu»*r.in a story about tho detention of a box by tho mail steamer Roma, which is a tissue of false- hoods. It is not tho caso that in ordinary course, Bundaberg cargo is landed at Rock- hampton, and thc agents herc bad no corres- pondence whatever in regard tb a delayed box for Bundaberg. Besides thc mail service should not be blamed for the mistakes of local agents. _ TUE following team has been finally selected to do battle for the Zingari Cricket Club in the match to bc played on St. Patriok's Day, viz, :-J. Bartlett), A. Crow, P. Comley, F. Cheshire, J. H. ForbeB, H. Fisher, G. B. Jones, V. Hatfield, S. Milford, J. W. Rutter, and W. W. Willis ; with W. Braxton twelfth mau ; umpire, Mr. B. Ogilvie. Wc under- stand that Mr. W. K. Higson, vice-President of the Z.C.C.. will presenta bat to the highest total seoreron tho Zingari side. The catering has boen undertaken by Mr. H. W. Johnson, of the Belle Vue Hotel. TO MORROW, St Patrick's Day, bas been declared a public holiday, and-although we do not anticipate that every tradesman will close his establishment - probably a. large number of persons will avail themselves of the opportunity to take a day's outing. In view of this, tho railway authorities will run extra trains at excursion rates, and resi- dents of Rockhampton will have an excellent chance of visitiug Gracemere, Stanwell, or Westwood, and returning thc samo day. Full particulars as to the departures and arrivals of thc trains will be found in another column. IK an extract from the Courier, published by us a few days ago, reference was made to a discussion in a meeting of thc Brisbane Board of Health respecting the barque Sir William Wallace-and during which it was stated that tho vessel would leave Rockhampton "carrying a thousand tons of liquid manuro as ballast.'1 As our readers are aware, that statement was not in accordanco with facta. Thc Sir William Wailaoo ia boiug relieved of thc ' whole of her cargo-a portion having already been put on board tho Palestine, and the remainder removed by tender. Thc vessel will probably leave Keppel Ray at the end of this week, with scarcely any manure in lier hold. Our friends in Brisbane need not, therefore, dread her advent. THE preparations for tho Hibernian Sports on Friday arc going forward expeditiously. Thc prizes will bc on view during to-day in thc shop window of Messrs. Kilpatrick and Purcell, East-street, Thc handicaps will he declared to night for the big race.-Nor aro tho Ball Committee less energetic in their arrangements. Tho Hall will bo tastefully decorated under competent direction, and tho floor specially prepared for the dancers. Mr. Harry Johnson, of the Belle Vue Hotel who is becoming a very popular caterer-will have sole charge of thc refreshment depart- ment. Altogether, our Hibernian friends arc determined to make both the sports and the ball as inviting,as possible. WE are much pleased to learn that an additional impulse is about to bc given to thc cultivation of sugar in this immediate neigh- bourhood. An arrangement has beon made by a party of gentlemen, including thc Hon. W. F. Lambert, Messrs. W. Reid, A. Berkcl man, and M. D. M'Eacharn, for the forma- tion af a sugar plantation at Meadow Flats. They have acquired about 1000 acres of very suitable land on the coast. In tho meantime a hundred acres will be cleared and planted. Thc company have boen fortunate in securing tlic services of Mr. Cairns long with the Messrs. Archor, as manager, which is a guarantee that thc preliminary operations at least-clearing off tho scrub, and breaking up ; the land will be welt done. Operations will bc commenced immediately. A CURIOUS accident happened at Mr. Barber's house on tho Range at an carly hour yesterday morning. That gentleman was Bitting up, working at wall decorations for the New Hibernian Hall, when he was suddenly alarmed by a crash, and most unusual sounds in his well. Procuring a light, he discovered that a wandering member of tho bovine race had entered his garden, and walking on thc well-cover had gone through it into the pit beneath. Of course he could do nothing to take a heavy beast out of a holo about 14 feet deep. At dawn, he alarmed his neighbours, and tho beast was then discovered to bo a bullock belonging to a person who we have been informed has a selection at Table Mountain. For the owner no sympathy was evinced. In thc aftcnioou Mr. Barber procured assistance and a block and tackle, which be rigged to the branch of a troc over- shadowing tho well. Wheu the full weight of the bullock carno on the branch it gave way, and the animal sat down in water again. Whether it bas been got out since wo are not in a position to say. Mr. Barber was threatening to take it out pieco-roea!. It is to bc hoped thc Inspector of Nuisances will look after it, as it will be a most troublesome nuisance if not removed at once. This animal is one of many that ought not to be permitted to wander about thc Range. Milk cows belonging to residents in thc locality and which arc looked after, arc no nuisance, hut these vagrant brutes break down fences and give much trouble. The owners ought to be compelled to send thom to the commouagc, uulcss, like thc owner of thc cue in question, they have plenty of grass elsewhere. THE Fitzroy continued to rise yesterday at the rate of rather more titan half an inch per hour. A portion of thc North Rockhampton reservo was under water yesterday, and the . encroachment was continuing last night. It would seem that thc flood waters from the Isaacs River are now making their appearance, but their full force" will not be felt for a day or two. The Nogoa and Comet rivers are now going dov, a (sst, and thc railway bridges over both rivers are crossable by the trains. Re- specting thc Btatc of these rivers, a correspon- dent writes as follows .-"Comet, Wednesday morning.-Weather fine but hot, thermometer 00° in shade. Fifteen feet of water in the Comet Uiver, and less in Nogoa. On Satur- day afternoon thc heights were respectively forty-four and thirty-seven feet, and the bridges about thirty-one feet levels. Spring- sure coach will probably leave on Sunday. Horse mail left this morning. The water has reached Boolburra, and is over the railB on a branch of the Dawson. You may expect it in Rockhampton tomorrow." Last evening wc were informed at the Rail- way Station, that the Dawson was within four feet of the bridge, but noar Duaringa it had risen to a height of seventeen inches over thc rails. As it was then rising, it is not at all likely goods will bc conveyed up thc linc for a day or two, and only mails and pas- sengers with difficulty. Mr. Holdsworth was near thc spot yesterday, making tho necessary arrangements for auy emergency. Persons coining in from Marlborough and along tile LakeVCreck road reported that all tho creeks wuic up to tho bridges yesterday. If, howavsr, we have no rain, we have heat. Yesterday we experienced in Rockhampton ono of the hottest days we have had for some weeks past. TBERE wore no police cases for hearing at the Police Court yesterday. . Air adjourned meeting of the Hospital Committee is to be held in the Court House this afternoon at four. YESTERDAY the Police Magistrate granted an extension of Harry \V. Johnson's license for the Belle Vue Hotel to thc North Rockhamp- ton Criokct Ground for St. Patrick's Day. EXPERIENCE-the best monitor we have teaches us that the most profitable employ- ment for capital not actually engaged in business, is by judiciously investing same in land in rising districts. This fact has often had ample proof in Rockhampton. Another of these golden opportunities will be placed at the disposal of investors of cither large or small means, by Mr. G. B. Shaw, on Tuesday next, in the land he will then offer for sale on account of Mr, H. J, M'Dormo tl. Even five pounds go deposited now may foe the nucleus of afortuno within early grasp. Don't throw thc chance away by despising what may at first sight appear only a small matter, but show wisdom by investing.-ADVT. STOKES OF A CAT AND A HEN.-Mrs. A. W. Brooks, of East Eliot, in tho State of Maine, basa cat 13 years old, for which BIIC has been vainly offered 50dol. This learned puBsy will stand up at the word of command, bow slowly or quickly as directed, walk around the room ou her hind legs only, dance, turn somersaults, go through the motions of holding a jewsharp in her mouth with one paw and playing on it with thc other, mew when ordered to speak, kiss her paw tn visitors, hold a aaUeer of milk on her forelegs, and lap ' thc milk, and stand on ber hind (cet, and with her forepaws catch bits of bread or meat thrown to her, [ike a base-ball player, Her kitten, a year old, will turn somersaults. Tho same lady has a hen which always wipes her feet on tho mat on entering the house, and if asked, " How do you get your living, biddy ? " will scratch on the floor, look to see if she has scratched out anythiug, and then look at thc qucBtioncr to seo if thc answer ÍB correct. This hen despises thc wooden, chalk and porcelain cheats which some people palm off on hens for nest eggs, tumbling them out of ber nest as often as they aro put in. BRISBANE SruooL OF ARTS.-A deputation consisting of Messrs. J. Douglas, J. Petrie, Alderman Sinclair, aud the athor members of the committee and tho secretary of thc .School of Arts, waited upon tho Minister for Education, at tho Treasury, last week, for the purpose of applying to the Government for assistance in thc formation of a Technical or Working Mens' College, iu couuection with thc School of Arts. Thc deputation was introduced by Mr. Douglas, who produced the reports of a similar institution in Sydney, stated that thc School of Arts com- mittee proposed to spend £2000 in thc erection of a suitable building and £500 for thu necessary appliances. He proposed that thc Government be requested to place a sum ou the Estimates equal to that subscribed by thc members for the establishment of a Technical or Working Mens' College, in connection willi tlie School of ArtB. FCCB would bc charged, to repay the amount borrowed and to supplement thc teaching staff, and any money provided by thc Govevuracut would bo spent solely for the purposes of thc institution. The Minister (Mr. Archer) while expressing his sympathy with the movement, stated that he was unable to give the deputation any definite answer as he would first have to consult with his colleagues in the matter, lie thought that a specific amount should bc placed upon thc Estimates, depending upon the number of pupils attending thc classes, instead of a Bubsidy equal to the subscriptions. The deputation, after thanking the Minister, withdrew.-Com-ier. 