A MODEL FATHER By ISarid Christie Jfavray. fiTTAPTEft VI. * Be«r boy/ said Mr. Bassett* sitting in young Weatherley's chambers at the Albany, 'you Dossed a chance last night.' Young We&therley; was gloomy and inclined to fee silent, and he answered only by a dismal shake of the head. ' I had carefully prepared her for a disclosure j of v;ur feelinars.' resumed the tragedian, * and, had you spoken, you would have received an affirmative nnswer. I trust you do not intend ni« to -understand that you have fallen off in your ptu-siaf.' ' ' Sow, Eassott, it isn't fair to say that to me/ cried young Weatherley. ' It isn't, really, Bas se tt. ii you'd seen thefway they looted at each other ? . We'd only just shaken hands that minute when she eaw him. I only wish it was possible to call a fellow out — don't you, Bassett ? Hang him, the scoundrel ; you'd have thought, to see the way he looked at her, that she'd been the one to behave badly. He's a bigger fellow than I am, but if it hadn't been for the fear of making a disturbance in public, I'd have Mcked him, if he'd been as big as St. Paul's. By gad, I would, Bassett !' Mr. Weatherley looked and felt exceedingly warlike. * Was Mary very much disturbed, dear boy ?' asted the tragedian. e ' Disturbed !' cried young Weatherley. ' She went as white as a ghost, and I could -see her tremble, but she looked at him like a queen, by gad, as much as to say, ' You dam rascal !' and she held her eyes on. ir^™ till he turned away, by gad, like a dog. And that's what he is, by gad, a eur, a mean cur ; isn't he, Bassett ?' The tragedian took his young friend by the hand, averting Tn« face, and then strode to the window, where he drummed with agitated fingers on the board to show how moved he was. The youngster began to fidget about the room, taking up books and. laying them down again, standing to inspect with unobservant eye the drawings' on the wall, walking rapidly into corners without object, and giving other evidences of a disturbed mind. The actor held his tongue, and in a little time Mr. Weatherley's excitement of spirit boiled over into speech. ' Look here, Bassett/ said the lad, ad vancing to him with, a pale and disordered coun tenance. ' I can't stand it any longer. It's wearing me to a shadow; by George it is. I can t eat and I can't sleep, and if 1 go to a theatre, I feel, by gad, like a mute at a funeral, upon my word 1 do. You don't mind waiting here, do you, Bassett P You can make yourself comfortable for a couple of hours, can't you ? And I'll take a cab, and I'll drive up to Bloomsbury-square, and I'll have it over.' ' Dear boy/ said Mr. Bassett, shaking hands anew, ' I do petition all the gods for thy pros perity/ After that interview with his daughter, Mr. Bassett felt tolerably sure of her acceptance of young Weatherley's* hand. There is nothing in the world so open to conviction as a man's own conscience, and. the first remorses were over and done with. Jack Cameron had behaved very ill, and he, Montgomery Bassett, had been somehow or other deeply wronged, and the resentment natural to the circumstances kept him warm. Mary was not ill any longer, 'and her sufferings, though sharp, had been brief (or at least he was willing to rtiinfr so), and now she would be a great deal better off than she could ever have hoped to be but for the benevolent practices of her father. So that altogether he experienced a glow of self -approval, and felt himself a watchful and tender guardian of his child's best interests. He sat alone in young Weatherley's luxurious sittingroom, and devoted himself moderately, since he had his evening's work before him, to young Weatherley's whisky, which was old and ripe and mellow, and smoked, his cigars, which, like everything else the young fellow had, were of the best. He had put the case plainly and forcibly to his daugher, and she would say ' Yes? to the wealthy wooer's proffer, and her poor old father's worldly trouble would all be over. The poor old father, with his glass in his hand and a cigar between his lips, looked round the room with a glance of approval. He fancied it his own, and surveyed it already with the pleased eye of a proprietor. George would not want bachelor chambers when he was married, and this would make a snug little place enough for his father in- law. Mr. Bassett would arrange that. A man in Weatherley's position could not afford to have a poor father-in-law ; and .£500 a year, which would be ample provisions* for Mr. Bassett' s retirement, would be but a flea-bite from, the young fellow's fortune. Mr. Bassett would arrange that also. Once or twice he mended and stirred the fire, and the afternoon was already growing dark before the owner of the rooms returned. The tragedian heard the latchkey at the door, and a second or two later Weatherley entered. * Well, dear boy/ said Mr. Bassett, in his richest and most ponderous tones, * am I to congratulate you?' Young W eatherley returned no answer, but sat down with his hat on. An awful doubt began to rise in the tragedian's heart. ' What is this, dear boy ?' he asked. Was Mary away from home for the afternoon ? Had the courtier's courage failed him ? Anything rather than the real question. ' She's thrown me over,' said young Weatherley, with something very like a sob. ' Refused you ?' cried Bassett. /f ' She was very Mnd, and nice, and all that/ said the youngest tremulously, 'but she says she'll never marry. She heard everything I had to say, and then she said ' No.' They say Rus sia's going to war directly, and, by George I'll go out and fight for the Turks, and get shot, by gad !' His voice quivered pitiably, and there were tears in his eyes. Bassett could see them sparkle darkly by the firelight. His own heart was dead within nim. ' I — I can't understand it at all, dear boy/ he stammered. ' If s plain enough/ said young Weatherley, with a catch in his voice. * She can't forget that fellow, though she hates him, and she'll never care to look at another fellow. That's what she said, ' I shall never marry.' * The tragedian's distress was aa profound as that of the rejected lover. All his visions crumbled, and ne stood amidst their ruins in dismay. ' Girls are not to be had for one asking, dear boy/ he said, after ah agitated pause, during which he had striven to get the better of these feare. ' * Yon were too soon dismayed.' 'No/ said young Weatherly, hopelessly, *I know better than that, Bassett. She doesn't care about me, and the money hasn't, any weight with, her, and, by gad, I honor her for that, upon my word I do/ ' I can't help believing,' said Mr. Bassett, 'that your cause is not yet lost, dear boy. .Pluck up heart of grace, and I will speak to her this evening. When last I spoke to her — it was the first, and last, and only time — she left me under the impression that -the thing was settled in your favour. Mr. Weatherley took off his hat and unaffect edly wiped his eyes, making no response to his companion. *Yon don't resign, the chase, dear 'boy ?' said Bassett, trying to speak in & tone -of badinage. 'She said 'No,' and she meant it/ answered Weatherley. 'Thal'-S enough, for me.' * Don't despair, dear jboy/ cried &e; actor, re covering a little hope and courage. 'Girls do not always tnowiteir minds. Ihaye never pretended to disguise my feeling in respect to the honor ycmpropoBed..*»do tny daughter and myself. I think, 48 I lucre ahntjp thought, that the match would be a. most fortunate »iid a most advantage ous one for her, and 1 «m.now more assured than ever of yoxcr vegacd, and'onGre oonvineed than ever that if yon cottid ?scare her consent you would make hen happy. &fc; present she is not happy, and as sweet Will eays, dear boy, ' She ia all the daughtexs of hex. SaXbuBr'a'hoTiBe, and all the brothers too/' soft I am. anxious tot hex wel fare. I wSl speak to her, dear boy. She will HsW to bar father/ * 1 don't think if s of raytaB^BftSsett/ B&id; the rejected lover, wiping Ms'eyefc **gainj '?'and if she's unhappy already , I don't 'wsint to have her bothered about ^neZ 1 'God forbid/ said Mr, Bassett piously, 'that I should press my «hlld upon a lukewarm lover 1 But this I know— ehe was not eo resolved when last ire spake together/ Even at this pass a. rounded, well-mouthed quotation was like meat and drink to Mm, and he rolled the words out royally. cNo/ said yonng Weatherley, with mournful protestation, ?you can't say I've been lukewarm, now can you, Bassett ?' 'You seem a little bo now, dear boy/ returned the tragedian. ' Shall I speak for you ?' * Do you think if s any good. ?' asked the re jected lover. ' Dear boy/ said Mr. Bassett, warming as he spoke, and beginning to feel half confident of success. 'The gyurl is, coy. She has experienced a severe shock. She has had her first lesson in the untiustworthiness of the world, and she is not willing for a time to believe in anything;. But, thank Heaven, she has not yet lost faith in her poor old father.' Even young Weatherley began to think there might be something in it, and to feel the warmth of hope again. - ? ' ' It isn't as if we were asking her to do any thing to make herself unhappy, is it, Bassett f the lad demanded. * I am sure I'll try to make her happy. There's nothing a woman's heart can , wish for that she shan't have. She's only got to ask for it and she shall have it.' g 'We are signally united,' said Mr. Bassett, seeing his way to something to his own advantage here. 'We are signally united, my little ^yurl and I. The greatest difficulty I shall experience, dear boy, will be in persuading her to part from her unworthy father. It is chiefly for my sake, as I am well persuaded, that she has refused your offer. She fears to leave the old man lonely.' ' You couM coiae down and see us, you know, Eassett, couldn't you ?' said young Weatherley, rather miserably, as if he cared little for the prospect. ' Yes, yes, dear boy/ replied the tragedian. 3ut would that content her ?* ' Well, by gad, Bassett/ cried the other, with an evident reluctance puiling at the skirts of eagerness, c so far as that goes, you know, if she won't have me without it, you might come and stay with uSj mightn't you, now ? Just to begin with, you' know.* ' Exactly, dear boy/ said Mr. Montgomery Bassett. ' Just to begin w^th. Exactly.* But in fancy's eye he saw bimself settled for life in that handsome mansion of warm brown stone in which he had once taated of Mr. Weatherley's hospitality. The old oak, the liquid lustrous mahogany, the soft receptive carpets, the rich hangings — he walked or lolled among these splendours as if they were all his own. Perhaps tie earlier vision of that afternoon might come true later on, and the admirably appointed room he stood in might one day be his own. He began to feel, under the influence of these hopes, that i his wandering life had left him a little battered ; j that he was not so young as he J|had been ; that it was time to retire from the stage in the full blaze of fame, and make room for a younger man. And all these advantages, to his energetic imagi nation, became so real that he actually appro priated them, and felt that they belonged to him already. Mary would never refuse a prospect which looked so rose-coloured. It was lovely and enviable to him, and the natural conclusion was that it would be lovely and enviable to her also. The case he had to lay before her looked irre sistable, and he was almost easy and happy in his mind again. It was too late at this hour to find time to plead with his daughter before his duties began at the theatre, Jand perhaps it might be as well to allow her a little rest. ' You shall hear' from me, dear boy, to-morrow,' he said, as he shook hands after some further talk. Mr. Weattterley was a little cheered, but being left alone became once more despondent, and held but a poor view of his chances. * I ain't worthy of her/ said the young gentie man, despondently. ' I know I am t ; and even if she marries me, she'll do it because her father persuades her, and not because she cares for me.' He was not the wisest of mankind, and there may be men in the world who knew more loftily how to love a woman, but that reflection was un pleasantly bitter, none the less, though he would have taken her, if she had accepted him, on any groimds whatever. Bat whilst young Weatherley endured the pains natural to his circumstances, Mr. Basseett took his evening chop and his glass of Burgundy in mental comfort. Mary had not weighed the mat ter, or something in the lad's wooing had jarred uT-on her, or she was out of sorts, perhaps. There was a thousand reasons to be had in explanation of her conduct, for the mere trouble of stretching out a hand for them. As for the nonsensical sup position that she had thrown away fiveand twenty thosand pounds a year — -he had repeated those figures so often that he knew them to be true — Bassett refused to entertain it. The very wine he drank repudiated that absurdity, and protested in his veins against it. He dined that night at an old-fashioned Fleet street tavern where he knew the wine, and where the waiter knew him, and gave him of the best. That generous Burgundy was kept for the old stagers, and no new arrival at the house* would ever taste it. He finished his bottle, lit his cigar, drank his one glass of hot whisky and water,, and demanded his bill. ' What of the night, John ?' ' Snowing pretty heavy, sir/ said the ancient John, ' but no chance of the snowlying, sir. Streets '11 be full of slush, sir, that's all. Thank you sir. Good night, sir.' Mr. Bassett slowly and luxuriously built up his portly form in a big overcoat, and drew on his furred gloves. He was almost due, but in easy time, and with the wine and his own contentment warm within him, he marched comfortably through the night and the snow, and having ar rived at Ms room, dressed and awaited his call above a second glass of hot whisky and water. The piece was drawing crowds, and the house was fairly filled in spite of the wretched weather. The eminent tragedian scorned the play, and had none of that stridingand muttering to do between the scenes'or in the pauses of his own part which would have been en- regie in legitimate Shak sperian business, and he had therefore the more time to sit beside his dressingroom stove and sip hot whisky and water. People talked of that, growing habit of his already, and though it had never yet betrayed him in his business, he trenched narrowly at times upon a dangerous ex cess. To-night, what with the cold airs on the great draughty stage, and the length of time his duties left him free, and the cheerful visions he indulged and saw/the brighter through the spirit uous fumes, he drank so freely that his head was whirling a little when the curtain fell, and his rich andponderous voice was less under control than common. The snow was falling faster and faster when he looked out from the stage door, and for some ten minutes he waited in vain the return of the messenger he had despatched for a cab. He fell into a lordly rage at this, and demanding that the vehicle when found should be sent after him he betook himself to fhe Albany, near, at hand, ane meeting there a half -score of his professional brethren, joined them in asocial glass. Notwithstanding the non-arrival of the cab, he was by this time in the very best and joliiest of humours, and the future seen through vinous arid spirituous mists looked so sure and solid that he took his daughter's acceptance of young Weather ley ka'ja fact accomplished, and asked one or two of his older friends to be present at the wedding. It had been the common talkfor months pastthat young 'Weaiiherley and Miss Bassett were en gaged, but all things considered the marriage had seemed cnrioufily long coming; and now that it was announced as imminent, the great 'tragedian was congratulated with such heartiness as you may fancy. He had always been popular and successful,: and like men in other professions, actors like to know the popular and lTaceessful. 'Mont, dear boy/ sad 'Baas, dear boy/ said the unction bass robes around him, as their owners touched glasses with him ; and the emin ent tragedian (no the corner said, 'Monty, ye deserve to be congratulated,' in a voice omatar&l; and like his own that two men from Magdalen -were convulsed at Ms resemblance to him&elf; , and felt proud to stand within, a yard of so much greatness. Alt this HmttiMfl and geniality on the part of Mr. Baasefctf b old friends led naturally toanoxe drinking, .and when si- i*-'g^», «ffrtr a .search of half an hour, themessenger returned with a cab, She great mair was in a gk»r of mingled prosperity and fatherly B©ntiment,the Uikeof^Hohio^ad- neTeEictt^om - The enow lay so thickly on the streets that the cab bore fci™ homewards in a curious ghostly quiet.- The flakes fell eo close toRether tiaat the driver could scarcely see the way 'before him, and once or twice misBed his turning. But Mr. Bas sett, sitting snugly .within the vehicle, -was wrap ped in his own bright dreams, and -was in a con dition to think the night Venetian. Arrived at his own' door he feed the cabman maniflcently, and entered. He was so old a toper that even now he gave but little sign of the evening's drinking, and an unsuspicious eye. might hare passed over that little easily. Hie . daughter awaiting him beside, a cheerful fire in the sitting room, 'rose at his entrance, and kissed him with something more than her usual tenderness, and with no suspicion. She went to bed before Ms arrival, or sat up to await him, as she choose, ! and there was nothing remarkable in her being I there. She, Iik3 himself, had been occupied with thoughts of the afternoon's refusal. He had al ways been a kind father, easy and indulgent, and I she was too ignorant and unworldly to guess tha importance he was likely. to. attach to young Weatherley's proposal. He would be disap pointed. So much she knew. Yetshehadlrat to tell him how distasteful the thought of marriage jwas, to have him on her side at once. His I beaming smile and the joyous air with which he clapped his hands and rubbed them at the fire, pursuaded her that he knew nothing of the day's proceedings. ' My dear/ said Mr. Bassett, speaking a lit|ie thickly, * I am glad to find you out of bed, for I have something of great importance to say to | you.' { ' Yes ?' she answered, drawing an ottamannear ] to his side and laying her cheek lightly against; his breast. She was young to have fennd life so hard and love so false, but she had her refuge there. Her cheek caressed him as it lay above his heart. Her refuge there — her refuge there. 'Some little girlish coyness, dear/ he said, caressing her soft hair, and speaking with a foolish thickness in his voice, ' pursuaded you to say ' No ' to yanng Weatherly this afternoon. You must say ' Yes/* my child. You must say ' Yes.' ' 1\ o, no, papa/ eaid^the girl, nestling a little closer yet, and possessing herself of one of iiis hands. ' Let Tne be happy as I am.* ',My child/ he said, with a spirituous tear is. either eye, ' you[are not happy-*as you are.' His own sensibility naturally pleased him, and he was satisfied to know how good a heart he had, and how kind a father he had always been and would be. ' Confess it my darling. You are not happy as you are.* ' I am not very happy/ she answered, * and I do not think the world is a very happy place, papa.' She tried to say this lightly, as if there were half a jest in it. ' But I am near being happy here than I can ever be anywhere else, and you must leave me stay with you.1 ' My darling/ he 'responded, still stroking her head as it nestled at his breast, 'there is no question of division between us. Young Weather ley has most generously asked me to share his home. Think, my dear. - Is there nothing more admirable and generous in the heart which offers an asylum to your father's age f '?. ? ' I am sorry, dear/ she answered, ' I am very, sorry, dear, if you are disappointed.' His hand Jceased to stroke her hair, and he looked down at her in a momentary-half -drunken anger. But remembering even then that that was scarcely the way to win her to his purposes, he controlled himself, and sent his hand to its old task again. 'You will not disappoint me dear/ he said. ' If I tell you once more how much I desire this union, if I let you dearly see how much it means to me, you will not disappoint me.f 'I tried to think of it/ she answered, 'and I found I could not. 'You must not be too disap pointed, for really I shall be happy, very, very happy here with you.* They were at cross purposes without either knowing it. She thought he pleaded for her cake* and so did he. 'My darling/ he said with affectionate solemnity, ' you must reconsider your determina tion.* 'No, papa/ she answered, ' I am quite content witn you. 1 snau never ma,rry. His visions began to waver and crumble, and he felt how intolerable it was .that his own daughter should destroy 6uch splendid prospects as lay before him. « My — my dear/ he said with a voice somewhat raised, but not much, 'this peevish nonsense is unworthy of my daughter.' The frirl drew herself away and looked at him, and saw for the first time that he had been drinking. This discovery brought her no alarm and no disgust, for custom blunts the finest senses, and she had seen the signs be fore. As a rule, when Montgomery Bassett had exceeded the reasonable, he made for bed and was not sullen, or humorous, or affectionate, or maudlin, or quick in. quarrel, but simply and purely sleepy. ' I am tired, papa/ said Ltary, rising, ' and I must say good night.* ' My child/ her father answered, rising also, 'you must not say good night until we have settled this matter. I must have your promise.' Tf-ig tone was not yet angry, but it expressed more than the girl cared to answer in such a case. * Papa/ she responded, quietly, ' Mr. Weatherley has my answer.' ' You are not refusing Mr. Weatherley now/ cried Mr. Bassett. 'Your father pleads before you for an asylum for his own grey hairs.' In vino veritas. For the first time in her life she began to understand him. But having loved and honoured him her whole life long, she took this revelation of himself as an aberration from himself. Then (since it was unnatural in her to think ill of any one, and doubly hard to think it of her father) her ideas underwent a change. He put it in that way to have weight with her, believing that she might be happier if she yielded. ' We will speak of these things in the morning, papa/ she answered, * if they must be spoken of. Good night, aear.' As she advanced to Mss him, he laid a hand upon each of her shoulders, and rocked her gently to and fro. Her slight form answered to the motion of his hands as a willow wand might have done, and a sense of his own strength and of her weakness gave him, not tenderness, but power, and spurred the anger rising in his heart. It was so safe to be courageous here. ' Mary.' The magnificent bass voice throbbed a little in its sound, like the note of a viol, and he had ears for it. And, what with the thousand and one suggestions of dramatic passion that lay in it for his own flayed nerves and whiskyfied fancy, it helped to spur him on. ' I demand your answer now.' This was new in her experience, and it startled her a little. * Say good night, dear/ she asked, a shade too cool and disdainful is her tone. ' I will not say good night/ he answered. ' I will have your answer now. The power and cor rigible authority of this lies in my will/ 'Let me go/ she said, almost scornful by this time ; ' you hurt my shoulders. Let me go.' ' Stand still/ he answered, with bis hands heavier upon her. * Listen to .me. I have be sought you long enough.' ? ?? . Her disdain all melted into pity and distress. ' Pray — pray, papa, go to bed, and let us speak of this in the morning. You are not like yourself to-night. You are not quite — master of your self, dear.' ' I demand your answer now/ was all he said. 'You have my answer/ she answered, in a new 'I will not take it for an answer/ he growled back at her, in the suppressed tones o£ profes sional tragedy. ' I am desperate of my fortunes if they check me here. I command 'you, revise your answer/ She began ia think him dangerous, but her 01m anger rose. 'Had I too much trust in the -world already, that you seed teach me snob, e, leaaoa of yourself, 'papa? Let me go.' 4You will not accept young Weatberley?* he asked, with his mobile eyebrows wandering fear fully about his forehead. He oontwiliedluaown facial expression with, perfect eonscxousnesB, and yetifceg^edMmoo. \- - To Bb Connnnn, 