?*-<\- "This is true liberty, when frceborn men," . Having, to advise tho public, mtiyspcalc free." V (T ' j ."( - Miltok. ^SATURDAY,'AUGUST 19, 18S2; Mr: FiTZHAnuiNQB did well to say in lh0/;oounoilr chambers on Thursday' afternoon last that tile Press took; special cognisance of' the want of attention paid by aldortnon to the requirements- .of .tho , town. When gentlemen accept tho positions of coun cillors t hoy. should lie prepared to fulfil, the;duties attendant upon:the:position.; Such duties are not too onerous, andi therefore should receive the utmost: (thought at; tho -hands of: -aldermen. It is.when it is palpable that wrong is ibeing'/worked'ito- either ward,rto "the. glory of'others.that.wo have felt called: ? upon fo criticise the . action, of , the municipal authorities; <; It suroly.should1 bo unnecessary - to raiso the ::ghost of, the Newtown -Ewamp, .aud others of .EustAVard, to remind Alderman FTTZ H vhdjnqe that the ratepayers whom he represents are not satisfied with the distribution of rates. - Nor should it bo necessary to remind Alderman' BAKER that he has asserted at all times he is 'vin favour of a proportionate distribution of the monies-raised in the different wards. The last-named gen tjeman'vis 4of-opinionj that where the largest" amounts of monies are collected there should be the largest expendi ture:- Clearly lie is in tho right in his argument, for if the properties of, say ;Southi,Ward,?aro -,of. more value than those of, the North Ward, ns a proper tionately higher assessment, has been .made; tho'-former properties should get the advantage of'the expenditure of the greater, proportion of tho monies col looted: It is not whon dealing . with, nbstraot. principlos (bat- we-bavo over found-fault- with aldermen. We believe that each and all of them are bent:upon improving tho town.' i; What, we do Bud j fault with is the way in whiph "they go about improving the municipality It appears that bo long as aldermen; of the East Ward :wprk: withi the - aldermen -of North Ward, thai South . Ward-must come to grief. .-It is under -these -. cirautn-. stances-the more to bo. regretted-r that two aldermen: representing South Ward reside just outside (be boundary of East .Ward, and aro compelled 'to "travel the streets of tho latter to got to tbrnr'-'businesB-'-places. It -must be apparent that they can see- more of East Ward tlmn they do of their own, and we have no hesitation in affirming that neither of tho three , representa tives of this (the South-.Ward)?: has given much attention to streets lying outside Fitzmuurieo. and: Gurivood streets. True it is that/at present a spasmodic maintenunco- man; at tended upon by a spasmodic drayman, is spas modically laying a few loads of gravel here and there upon some , of the streetB. But this is not what is required. There are wants far groater than oven those o( these streets -argent' though they be - left un attended. Surely it is time something were dono to tho footway from the Australian Joint Stock Bunk . loa the Australian Hotel. The owuers of con tiguous property are willing to pay half j the- cost of construction of this footway, but the Council aver, there is no money available on their side: to 'pay^for their Bhare of the work. -'And in connection with this, wo find that the municipal, account is at praseiit overdrawn to the amount of £2073. :W>II; if there bo such a dearth of money in tho municipal chest, who is to blame for it ? Tho ratepayers? No" decidedly not. Tho aldermen ? lYeSj.jmonies, havo been recklessly ex pended upon work's not required, while others which would aid in developing the,'town, have been neglected. It -strikes us forcibly that the Press has dealtifar too leniently with aldermen. These gentlemen hare not been suffi ciently castigated, and after a season .of extravagance they feel the shoo pinching a bit when the ratepayers demand somo returns for the rates collected from them and Iheso Solons have nothing in hand wherewith to appease their hungry culls. The streetB of chiB town were nevor in a more dis graceful state than thoy have been this winter, nor will tlioy bo improved till this petty bickering between (he North and Eust Wards are silenced. To appease the savage North, the East doles out, lamps, clean watertablee, &c.; to sooth tho irate Enst, the North votes for roads through swamps anil other extruvagaucos, while this Ward . the Sooth-in which the greater por tion of the whole business of the town is conducted, is voted nothing. It is time there wore somo change, and aldermon noed not bo surprised if they hoar still further from the Press, if the 1 change is not soon brought about. 