REMINISCENCES OF A TRIP FRBOMiBYDNEY UP THE HAWESBUBY RIVER. Br A CorLIno wOOD BvAxBODIC. (Concluded from our ast.) " He was a man of a mild, affectionate 'lsposition, and was known among his rough fellow-workmen according to the fashion of those days, by a nick-name- "The Baby," he was called. His whole nature teemed now to change; the in justice of his sentence, and now the in filelity, as he thought, of his wife, mad dened him; he became moody, and violent in his conduct towards her. They had a st rmy iuterview one evening, and he was seen on the farm ee more, and his wife disappeared with him. It was discovsred soon after that 'the only boat the farm possessed had :gone also-- so it was clear that they had gone down the river. "After two days' delay a party of constables started to bring back the runaways. They searched for them up the bays and inlets for several days without success, and looked-vainly over the numerous islands with which the lower part of the river is studded, nor could they glean any tidings from the blacks, and were returning back again, giving up the search, when passing the mouth of Cowan Creek some faint smoke was observed behind the promon tary I showed you. They pulled up to the spot, they saw Judd standing on some rocks with a gun levelled.at them. He fired and missed; also at the same moment they fired at him; he fell shot right through the heart, and his wife rushed down from a hut they had built and fainted on his body. They buried him near where he fell; no tombstone marks the spot, but it is said that his ghost haunts the hill, and can be seen at certain times hovering over the place. "His wife was taken back to the farm and soon recovered under the kind treatment she received. She did not die then; oh, nol She married again a few years afterwards, and her descen dants are numerous throughout the colony. She died about twenty years ago." It would be a vain attempt were I to try to describe the beauty and grandeur of the scenery we now pass through, it is past description ; hills and mountains rise one above the other in almost end less succession, each one vieing with the other in picturesque grandeur and reaching farther than the eye can see, coming down to the water's edge and in some places rising perpendicularly out of the water to a great height, some of the summits could not be seen for the rain clouds. The vegetation appears to reach the very tops. Tropical plants of endless variety, from the darkest green to the lightest, from the palest yellow to the deepest orange, make the moun tains like one vast changing panorama with here and there in the fiats a fisherman's hut and gentlemen's resid ence perched like bird's nests in some favoured position among the hills. The islands and bays are almost innumerable, and sailing up the river it puzzled your spasmodic to tell which would be the right turning, for all the way there are as many different openings as there are days in the year, both to the right and to the left, and no one but the captain knows which is the right one, they all look alike and about the same width. We came across a beautiful little schooner that had put in through stress of weather; vessels of almost any size can run in at this place, and if it is blowing'a hurricane outside as soon as they are round the headland the water is as smooth as a millpond. The point we are now rounding is called Barran joey, and rainbows appear in every direction with a splendid lunar. Just in front the tops of the mountains are almost invisible from the mist and rain coming down. Broken Bay is the next place of interest, and Broken Bay it is, it looks as if there was no road out of it; but on approaching two very high hills we perceive a very fine opening between them, which leads to a splendid reach of the river. The next is Bar Island in the centre of a group, on which stands a very pretty little church, which, I am told, is well attended, worshippers going to church in boats. We now come to some orange groves and maize plantations, the yellow fruit looking very tempting. The country continues about the same to Wiseman's ferry, fifty miles from Newport, Wise man's ferry is the crossing place from Newcastle. The hotel is situated half way up the hill. A telegram having been sent to have a good dinner ready, we were not disspiointed. In about a quarter of an hour a dinner as good as could be provided in any Melbourne hotel was on the table. After dinner we began our explorations. The P.O. Telegraph Office has one of the longest stretch of wire I ever saw, the river being half-a mile wide at this point and the wire extending a long way up the mountains on the other side ; the roads are cut in the side of the mountains, the work being performed by the early convicts. Wiseman's is one of the old convict settlements; there are the ruins of what was once a very nice freestone church built in the Gothic style, but the foundations gave way, the roof fell in, and all that now remains are the walls; under the church is a large vault with a barred door through which we looked and saw some stone coffins in a good state of preservation. At the back of the hotel is the continuation of the road, it is the same as on the other side of the river, cut through the mountains, and must have been a work. ofmany years. Many are the tales told about the cruelties practiced upon the convicts during the making of the roads, some of which I will give you in my next. All the cattle from the New castle side have to swim across at this point. We now reimbark, and there being no jetty the steamer is made fast to two trees, and a long plank reaches to the shore. The remainder of our journey of thirty-five miles to Sackville reach is more open country and looks of a very fertile character, the flats on both sides being studded with orange and lemon groves; also patches of maize; and about five o'clock we arrived at the end of our journey by water,afteroneofthemostenjoyable trips oar party ever experienced. At the i landing-place a conveyance met us and drove as to Windsor, nine miles, thence 4 to F yduney by rail, thirty-five miles, where we arrived at eleven o'clock, very tI.red but very much delighted with our journey. 