GUNDAROO. (From our Correspondent.) The concert got up by the members of the Mutual Improvement Society resulted in a brilliant success. There was a crowded house, and the only thing that marred the prevailing harmony was the abominalle conduct of of some of the larrikin fraternity, which august body was well represented in the back por- tion of the hall. The programme was an exceed- ing well arranged one, and commenced by the chairman making a few introductory remarks ; after this Messrs. W. H. and C. Dyes played an instrumental trio, which was greatly appreciated by the audience. This was followed by recitations and songs, which, judging by the applause bestowed upon them, were greatly enjoyed by those present. One of the best items in the vocal lines was the song, " Complaints," in character. A cornet solo was nicely given by Mr. J. Kealman ; after this followed readings by Messrs. Affleck and McGrath, which were very humorous. The first part of the programme terminated with a stump speech by Mr. W. R. Clemenger, which caused a great deal of laughter, the local jokes particularly touching the fancy of the audience. the ' Huntsman's Chorus" an instrumental trio, was the first item in the sec- ond part of the programme, and it was exceedingly well rendered by the brothers Dyce. A chorus by the company, the " Three Jews," was warmly ap- plauded, as was also a comic song sung by Mr. C. W. Dyce. Mr. T. Williams warbled " Seeing Nellie to Church" in his usual style. The whole proceed- ings terminated with a farce entitled the "Gundaroo Ghost," which burlesqued the persons who stated they witnessed the " ghostly phenomenon," which has caused not a little stir in our midst for some time past, much to these people's discomfiture, who endeavoured to interrupt the proceedings, but to no avail; and notwithstanding this phase of larrikinism the farce was thoroughly enjoyed and caused great laughter, even the aggrieved ghost hunters having to join heartily in the laugh, and admit it was a good take off. The gentlemen who acted in the farce were Messrs. C. W. Dyce, H. J. McGrath, and W. R. Clemenger. The takings amounted to over £11, which is highly creditable for our township, and speaks well of the success gained by our Mutual Improvement Society. The Ball—The society closed the season with a very successful ball, which took place on Wednes- day evening. All the leading residents attended, and a really enjoyable evening was the res lt. To pick the " belle" would be a matter of impossibility from amongst such an array and galaxy of youth and beauty ; however the dancing of Miss Bailey, and also that of a young lady from Queanbeyan, is deserving of special mention. Some very handsome dresses were donned by the fair sex, especially that worn by Mrs. McGrath. The catering was in the hands of the host of the Royal Hotel, who performed his duties to the satisfaction of all. The ball-room was tastefully decorated with garlands of flowers and festoons of leaves. 