THE FM'IVELISTH Da&. SELRI.L~iY'~ PA~tZEZ4I'. By the Author qf : Tife or Widow." CHAPTER VI. - (Contiried.' Even as the-.1arriage drove -away and'she gazed fro .its windows on the blessed refuge she was quittig +thfi't same distant misty shape-seemed..tpo travel slowly between- the treesa of.the path they had traveirsed. It seemed as if hewas tiacking her course -that mysterious form. = Even now she might not be safe from his knowledge and discovery. . ie might find her out and tell in all its hideous propnitions the tiuth 'of her past story. Better have related it herself; but then she-would have had to meet the terror and disapproval:of that look; the recoil'from her krn'eing embrace-even of his. very ..?.'ess. And hoi could she endure the curse that his l,;kP, if not hih lips, had pio. nounced? Better.part for ever. than. that I It was along a winding zig-zag road, all bordered thickly with trees, that the vehicle took its course, till, after some five minutes. drive .without any land-marks of any sort, it stopped at a gate. The men assisted her to alight and then led her along the carriage way to the humble habitation that had been prepared for her. She entered mechanically.. withont noticing its precise form or surroundings. She did not notice that there were tall palisades round the ga.rden, nor that the windows were defonded by . iron, that gave it almost the.form of a prisoin. She was too mnuch steeped in grief of mind and weekness of body, to pay any special attention to those peculiarities of th- surroundings. All that she did observe was that there was a tolerably neat and respec able-looking middle-aged woman, and a man who might be her husband, to recieve them, and that the female accosted her with a somewhat patroni sing but motherly air. "Will you come upstairs, madame? I have a .ice room ready in case you came, as Mr. Julien said was iikely, andif you like to go to bed it's quite safe; the sheets are aired and a fire lighted." Theresa felt that she would like to go to bed and never rise again- to hide herself, as it were, in that refuge, from every eye and every voice but at least it would give her temporaryv re pose, and she accepted the offer and sought the pillow with a sense of utter hopelessness that could never brighten into happiness, oir even contentment, more. All she could expect was an exemption from actual pain and suffer ing. She slept, or rather dozed during the night, from that very absence of hope or fear, and when the door was opened and the woman who called herself Mrs. Fenton appeared with.the breakfast tray she was extren-ely - astonished to find that it was morning. " Mr. Julian is gone, madam,'but he will not be long. and he hopes you will make yourself comfortable till he comes-again," she said. - " And. does he" live here?"asked Theresa. '" Not exactly,.. madam, but he is here a good deal,"returned the woman. " We don't always know when to expect him, but he pays for his roonis all the same, and that makles no differ. ence to us." It was a sensation of relief that it should be so, in the girl's mind. and there was a sortofwomanljr clingingt to some human being on :whom she could depend for some suppr and advice. " Did he say nothing as to when he would be at homeVshe-. asked," " No, nmadam; but I hculdn't iv~.n der if he was back to- day at any time especially as you are here, madam," she answered, with a sort of insinu ating tone that put Therosa on her mettle never to expose herself tosuch an indignity more. That day passed and another, and yet another and no appearancoof Louis Julia?i. r f Theresa felt a mingled pleasure and disappointment- much as she hated' and dreaded the absent one. Her very means of support dlependtd on him. She had no, money in her, possession, and she certainly could not expect that t hese strangers would sup port her unless there had been somespe cial arrangement made for the future. Days and days lengthned on and still he did nbt arrive, and evidently the tenants of the house themselv'es became astonished atthe delay' ". We have never known himtkhe, th'is n',ot ever since he came," tlhey said; "and there was not even a hint before he left thar had such an idea. It is very strange, especially after bringing you here. I; is true that; he did give money for what is wanted at present' but that will not last for ever," she added in an omnous voice. Theresa did,.At ,hst, begin too asider the means!of livelihood if this man should not return. She wondered whether -these stranger agent's i oil d allow her to leave the place, in such an event, for she perceived that - there was no other means of escape than such a permission-: The barred windows, and- barricaded gates, would certainly prevent her making her way from the place with. out the way being thrown opern to her? Surelj, there would be no doubt that they would gladly let her go, if the means for her support failed, and as the time lengthened, and the faces of the conple became proportionately grave and mysterious. "It's very strange, and I must say very thoughtless of Mr. Julian," said Mrs Fenton. "''erhaps, madamn, you have some money that you can give -us, if you are his wife, or at least, like one!" she went on, seeingTherasa, start of horror. " g - "I!" she-said, gaspingly, "I! Good heavens! what can you mean. Surely he did not dare to even hint such falsehood." Come, coime? do not put yourself in a passion, "-adam. Its nothing very novel, you. see, and; of course, the ladies don't like it; still it's not very likely that any gentleman would have broughtyouhere, and paid and watch ed about, as you may say without some cause. But, any way, it matters not to me; so long as we get the money you may please yourself as to what you are called' that is so long as you he have well and 'have no one else coming io see'you. So you need not trouble youi head about,'.'it she added, leaving .the room- as she spoke. "Theresa, was simply maddened horror-stricken-at the terrible in sinuatioi ."'Had that artful wretch really any other object than what he pretended? Could he have devised an othor plan to get the money which she had refused to give him against her conscience? And was this last scheme one to force her to do what was- so utterly repug nan't to her feelings and principles? SAll flashed across her; the very ab sence was in all probability, for that end. ' She had fallen into the trap that 'had been laid for her; but it was not too late,'.and she would risk all -life itself, to escape from it. _.he would not even wait for his re turn lest that might induce still more -fatal bondage and complications. No, it?should be done and without delay, on the very first opportunity that might arise, for breaking through the bir *iers of what was her prison-house, rather than .the refuge it had been represented. His Wife! Merciful hea vens, what an idea! No; she might have sinned and suffered, as few could could have b'rne, and lived, but that degradation and crime should never be marked among the array of events and misdeeds of her bewildered life. She would face death, but not sueh hulmiliation.as that-never" And now as each day .and hour passed, the great terror of her life was his return, ere she could accomplish this fixed purpose of- her mind. CBAPTER VI. Louis Julian had certainly not obser ved such an absence without a cause. Ear more cogent than wa's even imagined by thoseexpectinghiereturn. Hehad sought by different means and a differ ent rouite the place from which hehad taken the betrayed Theresa. In truth, he had in view the =possibility of discovring both the consequence of: her flight, and the reality of that strange apparition seen both by the terrified girl ind himself. " It was some illusion," he mutter ed; "-some strange likeness. He is dead-dead long since, and were it otherwise, there could be but one altHrnlative, " he went on,. with a savage glare, that spoke more than his words. " No one's life could be more in the way, but for her it is im possible, only it might be as well to make it absolutely certain, for her eake and my own. " fe took his way stealthily through the thick plantations and the shrub beries, that shaded and partially con cealed the pretty little domain. It was all.silent and evidently untenan ted, to juage from its aspect; and at length he was mustering courage to apply at the house itself for further information, when he heard the sound of a quiet and stealthy step near him in the Wood, where he was lingering ; and ere he coiuld move to ascertain its source, the shrubs that concealed the path were gently pushed aside, and he m'et the very vision which had before crossed his own and Theresa's sight in the distance. It might well have passed for a ghost. "So colourless and wasted were' the cheeks, and so slender and fleshless the figure, and gliding the movements, that it rather gave the idea of unearth ly visitant than a human being; but to Louis Julian's eyes it was different, and the effect even more thrilling. He drew. dack startled in spite of his self possession and hardihood, and unable to move from the spot. "Iou know me then ; you have not altogetherforgotten me,"said the new comer, in tones almost as hollow as hi" face :and eyes. The man still did not speak; he was, as i:i were, transfixed to the spott mute and petrified at the certainty th'h this a.pparition was in.truth flesh and blood. "I suppose it is somemasquerade of him:who was once known as Francib de Cimier," said Louis Julien; "but as that individual is dead, I cannot' of course, countenancesuch a trick. Go to those who are more credulous!" he said' trying to pass on. Buit it was in vain. Francis de Cirpier, if such was his name stood resolutely in the path. "It is a foolish stale trick for you t?p pretend not to know mel What. ever you may hayv thought, or what ever may have been reported, I am living-living t, do justice and to see justice done, and l am here to day for that purpose. I guessed I should meet you." "Why?" asked Julien, sharply. "Because you saw me yesterday, and because I knew you would be un easy till you know what was the result of your strokeof policy. I am but of brief speech; but I will use it in re dressing my crime." Louis Julien had uow recovered the dauntless impudence that distinguish .ed him. "It is well that you confess it to be a crime," he said. Murder cannot be condoned, and if one is spared, it sometimes is for a curse, and not a blessing," he went on, with a signifi cant sneer. But there was no sign of shrinking in the face or attidude of Francis de Cimier. He looked, indeed, more like one who had long since passed all fears of any earthly alarm or sorrow. It was more like a visitant from the other wrld,. than one acting and moving in this, and his next question proved that all such mundane consi deration had ceased to. have power over him. 'It shaill made one to others, at any rate," he said; "and if you are wise it. will riot be a curse to you, Julien. I am perfectly well aware of all your.procedings and plots, and of thb life that the unfortunate victim of others had led, since the tragedy you have caused, is now to increase her misery,. and, if possible, tempt her guilt. Man! where is: the- what have you dbiie with that poor helpless girl? I demand of you, as a right, an answer to that question. If you hesi. tate you shall be exposed, with all your arts and treachery, to the world; and every shilling that you have schemed for be taken from you." Julien gave an insolent sneer. "One word's as good as another, and a man.who runs after another's wife is not likely to be believed. I shall not tell you where Theresa Gran ville is. Do your worst; you'll not live to hurt any one long, that's one job," he answered carelessly. "You look as if you'd come out of the sepul chre. And as to the girl, you'llnever find her-never," he went on. ,,I've taken good care of that, any way." " You are mistaken. I can, and will, put those on your track who.will discover her , " said De Cimier firm ly; " you shall not escape. I will shed my blood, spend every sixpence I have left; but discover her I will, before I die. She shall not be left to the mercy of a villain like you. " " Say that again ! Say that again, if you dare ! " exclaimed Julien, flushing w th rage and, it might be, fear. " I have made all my arrange ments for the future, I can tell you. You killed her husband, to all intents and purposes; you caused her guilt and misery, by your arts. And yoi venture to call me villain ? Say it again, if you dare ! I shall have her and her money, too, before long, I can tell you, if you frustrate me. " Wretch ! rascal I insolent scoun drel! " burst from the lips of De Oimier ; and, for a moment, even his sallow hollow cheeks were warmed with the boiling rage that fevered his blood Julien's teeth gnashed, his hands clenched, and he dealt a tremel.dous blow atthe -lender frame of the stran. ger, that feliled him to the very'earth. To be continued. 