ANALYTICAL & ACTECDOTAD MEMOS BE THE LATE V.R.C. SHEETING. Bt " Tovx Cela." Nrprrirntift Joccl.— (Latin proverb.) Experience docs it.— (Free trauslatiou.) Th£rs ia a common say fog that " it's no age playing the after game" — and amongst a certain circle of professional speculators tlii6 is devoutly accepted as an axiom to swear by In the ordinary occurences of life, however, the idea oonveyed by the phrase is utterly in. correct, as it is only from tbe past that sound lessons can be learned for present practice and future experience ; and in turf matters par cxcelfeHce do we gain information and guidance through carefully considering the failure or success which may have attended particular horses in particular races. The befog so firmly impressed with this useful fact has, therefore, caused me to choose the above title (and rather hackneyed quotation) for my to-day'a dissertation on the recent Autnmo Meeting ; and because in " harking back" to some of its most noticeable inoideuta a few useful foots will assuredly be gleaned by both writer and reader. Let it be well born in mind, though, that I am not going to analyse each event of the three days, nor individualise each horse engaged, bat only to "spot" each specific doings as may be almost of an aneo- dotal description. The First Day, jjtcn. simply requires a terse reference to sued palpable facts as these, viz. : — Firstly, the victory of the unprepared Progress, in the Port Phillip Stakes, proves the error in making so slow a race as 4mfo. 68Jsec. for 21 miles, which gave it to him when a mere dash of speed was required at the finish. Secondly, the case with which Navigator won the Ascot Yale, under Tib. penalty, shows how hard it is to stop a superior two-year-old in en inferior field. I remember aa instance, indeed, when a youngster at Newmarket carried lOst. 31b. to Victory on Newmarket heath, orer six fur. tones, the next to him befog a fire-ycar-old with three stone less. Thirdly, the Bruns wick Stakes— with its finish between Sweet William, 7et. 31b., and Poliio, 6st. 121b,, end ing so decidedly in favour of tbe former— could not possibly have occasioned any reasoning turfite to prefer the lattor'e chance ia the Australian Cup, at a mile further ; and yet the tables were turned after all, some thing like the reversed positions of Warrior and Quack at the March meeting several years ago. Fifthly, despite the rather in dignant assertions to the contrary of his worthy trainer, Darebfo's running in the Lcger indubitably proved that he lacks stamina vrlicn "pinched." We all recollect the old yarn about an angry individual who was "laid by the heels," and yet kept pre testing that they couldn't put him in the stocks! though, as Dibdin's sailor sings about the Battle of the Nile, he was 11 there all the while!" So it is with the rather overgrown Derby winner. A mile and a half is his utmost tether, if seeing is believing ; and, moreover, ho has only one run in him — albeit that run ia aa brilliant a dash as ever was seen on the Flemfogton Flat. Commo tion's grand triumph in 3mfo. 16sec. has nerer been equalled in Australia, and only twice beaten in England, which lessens Darebfo's defeat. Proceeding to the Second Day, the Sires' Produce Stakes merits a good word in favour of Guesswork, who fairly proved this time both speed end staying power. Although a bit lame behind from a mishap, he got well away, and ran kindly throughout, doing the six furlongs in such good time as to establish his right to rank with the best youngsters at at the distance, as Newminater'e was the same. BaeBanio, also, running a good second to him ia a feather at laat fo the cap of Gang Forward, who aired tbe pair, and Sir Thomas Elder has at last got hia merited reward for importing so high priced a stallion. lYyfog Fan finished third, and well deserves paeon notice that the first three colts in a race of this important description should have been trained by two brothers. Two brothers, by-the-bye, distinguished them- aeivce in the following event, the Corinthian Gap, for the Glasscock frereo were first and second on Hand Andy and The Drummer. The Australian Cup trill always be remem bered. as the most sensational we hare ever I had- -save the double dead beat, and final 1 short, head finirii between Saladiu and Dutch toug s pud Urn trainer of the winner, Pollio, was the trainer of the " laurel covered " loser on that extraordinary occasion, i.e., Mr. W®. Lang. Foot verr remarkable circumstances have to be noted fo connection with the 1882 contest. Firstly, the wondrously maintained lead of the almost despised Duchess, who kept lengths in front of a firet- claes field for S miles, doing the distance in 3mfo. 29fsec. j secondly, the unequalled performance on this aide the line if ever paralleled, indeed, at fcome)rof'WeUfogtaucan>jing8et.l21b.orer2i miles in 4min.0isec. ; thirdly, Pollio's first win, . after three years of failure, in such excep tional time i and, fourthly, the stunning defeat of the favourite 6wcet "William, who went out at 5 to 2, and whose backers refused to lay back a farthing of the money they had got on so cheap, although the Biog would 1 gladly have accepted 8 to I in thousands. 1 Well — let us see what deductions or chit chat can wc gather from these instances. In respect to the Messrs. Skene's little mare, then, it is now veiy certain that the 41 master of St. Albans" made no mistake when Duchess was backed " up hill and down," in the late Melbourne Cup ; for, had she been onlr in her private trial form last November, Zulu would iiavo had to take h. very "back seat," indeed. And she ought to haro won the Australian Cup villi equal ease, had not the lump of a lad on her back ridden with euch a loose rein, and tight heel, that the mare's tail was set on the twist in the very first mile. As regards Wellington's glorious feat, too much cannot be said in its praise ; and it is quite ou the cards that be would have been hailed the victor, but for Narrabri nearly knocking him off his pins at the turn, just when he was beginning " to come," and therefore having to get up fresh steam. It ie a sober truth that his second more than equalled his con queror's first ; for, as Napoleon Bonaparte once observed of our equine hero's biped namesake, he "never knows when be is beaten, but turus defeat into triumph." 1 Pollio's pulling off the event cannot be < fairly deemed a very praisworthy deed. With only fist. 4lba. in the saddle he received oo leas Uian 36ibs. from the close- finishing Wellington ; and it required hali-a-piot of Glenlivat— or some other equally potent brand of whisky— to " screw hia courage to the winning point." Moreover, had not the spurs been taken off Dicky Walker at the laat moment — and by particular request of a plunging backer — the faint-hearted nag would assuredly bave cnt it when old Wel lington brought him to a rally, and Walker, fortunately had no " Brummagems" to ram in and cause temper. Mention must not be omitted, by-the-bye, of Pollio's dam Norma winning the same race exactly ten years ago, and at tbe same age — i.V , five years. Finally, the disappointment in Sweet William's running may well be accounted for, and the colt fairly excused. The time wae not only faster than the raahest fanatic would bave foretold, but every horse fo the race that had any chance— and Mr. De Meetre'B colt in particular — was thoroughly taken by eurprise in the pace set by Duohees, aud her not "coming back' to her horses. Consequently, instead of Tom Hales being able to wait as he had been instructed and intended, he was obliged to commence going when nothing else either would or could try to overhaul tbe leader; and this exertion at the worst part of the contest took eo much out of tbe colt that he " fell a victim to cir cumstances." Moreover, be was sufferfog from a nasty thrush iu the off fore foot, and the pain of such exertion on hard ground must have lessened his natural stride. But, beyond all, to give away two years fo age. and Olbs. to weight, detracts from his lucky conqueror, though a feather iu his own cap. The " nowhere'' of Hesperian, First Water, and Co.— who had been occanioually tried to be forced into the market— will not be readily eflaoed from my recollection, but kept " bottled up for future use." The aotual number of starters was 22, and number 22 on the card won, a singular coincidence specially noticed last week. Thua endeth the second chapter. And now for (he final afternoon, anent which my annotations will be short and quick, as but a couple of events deserve any special gossip. Of the principal item in respect to public interest and monetary value, tbe New market Handicap, very little indeed can bo said. There were 37 starters, and only 3 favourites out of this largest number of horses that ever went to tbo post this side tbe line. Only one of the trio— and this the least fancied— got a place, for Hesperian at 5 to 2 " never was fo it," The Ghost had not "tbe ghost of a show," whilst Larpent ran a good honest third. Euclid' a second position is another of the oft repeated proofs aneut public running up- setting Tprivate trials, for Mr. Harry Haines sent three candidates to the poet—1 The Ghoft, Cremorne, and Euclid, aud both the former had "bowled over" the latter. Hyacinth, though utterly unnamed or unthought of — except by eccentric dreatnists or the searchers for toe oldest of " off chances," until towards the lart moment fo the paddock, found a good many supporters through certain mys terious whispers bandied about; but consid ering that his plucky and wealthy owner only backed to win what to him is a paltry £3000, and his cute trainer for simply £300, it could not have been a good tbfog after all. The horse had been a couple of years at the stud, and bis understandings are rather of the dickey persuasion, which are not exactly first-class recommendations. However, it came off, and nothing tucceede like succetb. So those who were lucky, or plucky enough to invest on the dark'un, are welcome to 1 blow till their checks crack." The weigbt- for-age Town Plate, of all the capital contests during a super-excellent meeting, ,is the moBt deserving of befog printed in letters of gold. And not on account of the horse returned as winner, bnt of him whose second honours were a Iat superior record. Cam- motion's first, fo time which has only been surpassed in a Melbourne Cup, would be a proud performance indeed were it not " paled " by Wellington, carrying the crusher of Oet., and running him for his bare life in 3min. 34sec., a deed which tans only been twice surpassed at Flcmfoglonfuvcr the same distance, and on each of thtpi' occasions ia our great November Handicap, which is a distinction with ft mighty great difference. The noble Panic is the sole quadruped on our turf who ercr "humped" lOst. into such a wondrous position; and this was when Tory Boy just beat him on the port in the Melbourne Cup of 1S65. But the time on thai occasion was 3win. 44aec., our present hero thus licking it by 10 seconds. Joe Morrisons name is associated with both these triumphs of weight-carrying, Laving been tho rider of Panic, but the trainer of Wellington. Bafty's splendid horsemanship, moreover, must always be justly ranked u fair share of Wellington's glory. "Well, therefore, may I wind up this justly earned tribute to the nasal prototy>e of Britain's martial duke by quoting a familiar line from Shakspeare, and boldly declaring the son of Panic — Prou Frou. to be " the noblest- Roman of them all !" Metbinke I have ornlcd enough. Were I to say more, they would be "pumped up' criticisms instead of genuine reflections. My next aftcr-gauies will be re Hawkc&bury; and. Randwiek. 