ST. STEPHENS' NEW CHURCH, NORTH WILLOUGHBY. The ceremony of laying the first stone of St. Stephen's New Church, North Willoughby, was performed by the Bishop of Northern Queensland (the Right Rev. George Henry Stanton D.D. on Saturday afternoon. There was an attendance of about 200, and amongst those who took part in proceedings were: -—The Rev. Dr Ellis Pre- certer; the Rev. S. H. Childe, BA, incumbent of the parish, the Rev. Daniel Murphy, curate of the district, the Rev Wm. Hough, the Rev. E. J. Sturdee, and Messrs. G. R. Whiting, Thos. Robertson and Dr Kyngdon, of North Shore. The musical portion of the service that preceded the laying of the stone was led by Dr Ellis, assisted by the choir of St Thomas' Church, North Shore, under the direction of Mr Joseph Massey. The Episcopalian Church at North Willoughby is already provided with a small church, which was opened in Easter, 1872, but the district has made so much progress since the building was erected that the structure has been found altogether inadequate to meet the requirements of the district. The new church will be built close to the old one, which will probably be utilised as a schoolroom, and is to be constructed of the sandstone of the neighbourhood. The building will be in the extreme early English or semi-Norman style of gothic architecture. The nave and chancel are continuous termi- nating in an apse. The total length of the inside it 116 feet; the width inside, including the aisles, is 53 feet; the height of the clearstory wall is 32 feet. There will be an organ chamber and choir vestry on the west side of the chancel, and a porch and another vestry on the east side—for the shape of the ground causes the building to lie north and south instead of having the usual bearings. There will be a porch on each side of the nave and space is left for the addition of a tower at the corner of the two streets. The roof will be open timbered, covered with slates. and the fittings ere proposed to be of kauri pine. The church, when complete, will contain 600 sittings; but at present it is intended to about half, thus provi- ding accommodation for 300 persons. There will be a small temporary chancel and vestry of wood so arranged that the rest of the building can be added without interfering with the service. The estimated cost of the structure, when completed in accordance with the original design is about £800. The architects are Messrs Blacket and Son, of Pitt street. After a psalm had been chanted, and the lesson and collects had been read, the Rev D. Murphy read the scroll which, together with copies of the Sydney Morning Herald and the Church of England Record. was placed in the jar that was later deposited under the stone. The scroll was as follows:— This is the first stone of the new Church of St. Stephen, North Willoughby, in the parish of Willoughby, in the county of Cumberland, in the diocese of Sydney, New South Wales. It was laid by the Right Rev George Henry Stanton, D D , Lord Bishop of Northern Queensland, on the 9th day of December, 1882, the Very Rev. William Cowper, M A , Dean of Sydney, being Vicar-General and Administrator of the diocese (the Sen of Sydney being vacant); tho Rev. Stephen H Childs, BA, incumbent of the parish; and the Rev. Daniel Murphy, curate of the district; Lord Angus Loftus, KC.C.M.G., being Governor of the colony, and Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., Lieutenant-Governor. Richard Seldon, Thomas Scott and Francis Slack, Church wardens; George Robert Whiting being treasurer; and A G Mackenzie, secretary to the building' committee. Lacs Deo." A silver trowel (suitably inscribed) and an ornamental mallet having been presented to the Bishop by Mr GR Whiting on behalf of the build- ing committee and the residents of the district, and the stone having been adjusted by some masons, under the direction of Mr Jago, the Bishop applied the trowel and mallet, and said—"I lay this as the foundation and cor- ner- stone of a Church to be built in this place, to be named St Stephen's, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." At a subsequent stage of the proceedings, the Right Rev. Dr. Stanton delivered a brief address. He said that the remarkable growth of popu- lation on that—the North Shore of Sydney— was certainly evidenced and proved by the ceremony which they were conducting that day; and he could easily understand that one who desired all the charms of scenery, and wished to be refreshed with a healthy climate, and at the same time desired to live within easy reach of the city, would find his residence on that North Shore. But, as it proved the rapid growth and spread of population, so did the public event and ceremony on that day bear witness of the health, energy, and spreading vitality which existed amongst the people, and in the church of St Thomas. It was a healthy of a plant when it spread forth bud; and for any church like that of Sty Thomas to be the mother of a young district church like that evidenced, on the part of the people, an energy, an enthusiasm, and an enterprise which were eminently commendable. He had always remarked with regards to church extension that a church should be built rather too soon than in any degree too late. It ought rather to anticipate the arrival of popu- lation, so as to meet the wants of that population when it came. The church should be on the spot, like a kind, warm-hearted friend; and as the people came and resided round it, the church already planted should meet them with a gladsome welcome. He remembered having one day while he was in London had the offer of a church, and when he went to see it, he found that the pro- posed church stood in the midst of a field—there was not a house near it. He declined that church and accepted another which was offered to him at the same time. But a very few months sufficed to transform that field he had alluded to. House after house arose, and in a very short time what was once a field became a populous and thriving suburb of London. And he could easily picture in his mind the time when the church whose foundation stone they had just laid would find herself encircled by a thriving happy, and prosperous population. (Applause) And then, with regard to the Church of England, they should bear in mind that they had arrived at a period in their history when they could not possibly afford to ignore beauty in archi- tecture. Up in this diocese there were many traces of the primitive times, but here they had beautiful public buildings. Taste was embodied in stone, and many an Augustus had risen, so that it became them in this day to study architecture, and to see that the church which rose under their hand did them credit, and expressed that pious culture and that intelligent devotion which the people of this colony, at least, certainly possessed. The Bishop also referred to the feelings of patriotism that should ani- mate all churchmen on occasions such as that, and pointed out that it was the Church that had stood out for the con- stitutional liberties and rights for the nation. Let them trust that under God's own auspices that church might speedily rise, stone after stone, that it might become a home for the spirit of those who would come to worship in it that when he and they had passed away, and the names which had just been embedded in the stone were no longer correspondent to living men and human hearts thousands would gather there and thank them for the work which they had that day begun. A number ot offerings were placed upon the stone. The com- pany then adjourned to a booth close by, where the tables were decorated with a profusion of flowers, and bore an excellent supply of refreshments. After the latter had been discussed, the Rev. S Childe congratulated the people of that town upon having that day begun an admirable work, and pointed out that that church was not the only one which ,might he termed the daughter of St Thomas' Church, as there were two or three other churches which had been established by St. Thomas' Church. The Rev. D. Murphy, who was the next speaker, stated with regard to the finances of the building fund, that the sums placed upon the foundation stone that day amounted to £143 10s 10d , whilst the building committee had received promises of subscriptions amounting to between £500 and £600. The origin of the building they had just commenced was this: -— Three or four times it had been proposed to have a new building or to enlarge the existing one. Well, a few months ago a series of articles were published in the Sydney Morning Herald with reference to the progress of the suburbs ot Sydney. Special reference was made in one of those articles to the progress of North Willoughby—a suburb which five years ago was the lowest on the list, but which had now attained a position second to that of Ash- field. He as well as others were impressed with the nece- ssity of providing for the present, and the future population of North Willoughby. The other gentlemen to whom he had alluded showed their willingness to assist in securing the erection of the building by going security to the bank for £3000, trusting the people to do what was required afterwards. Tenders had been called for the erection of part of the church, which would accommodate 260 persons, and it was hoped that it would not be long before that por- tion of the building was completed. Brief addresses were also given by Dr Kyngdom; Mr Thomas Robertson, chair- man of committees of the Synod; the Bishop of Northern Queensland and the Rev. Dr. Ellis. A vote of thanks having been past to the Right Rev. Dr Stanton, the doxology was sung, and was followed by the benediction. 