j NEW SOUTH WALES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] SYDNEY, September 9. The past week's work in the Assembly has not been productive of much in the way of Legislative work. Some progress has been made with the bill to promote the construction and management of tanks, wells, dams, and other works of a kindred character for the benefit of travelling stock and of the squatting interest generally. A bill to amend the Diseases in Sheep Act has been passed and sent on to the Council for concurrence; and the Attorney-General has introduced the Criminal Law Consolidation Bill, a measure of a comprehensive kind and of considerable importance. Among the private measures introduced perhaps the most important is a bill by Mr. Buchanan, to secure the more adequate punishment of offences against children and of persons guilty of seduction. The former of these appears to have been inspired by the gross miscarriage of justice involved in the commutation of the capital sentence passed upon the scoundrel John Plomer. The Premier's eight months' tour does not appear to have been of any solid benefit to his health. Sir Henry Parkes is, indeed, in anything but a hopeful condition. He took suddenly ill with ajinaras and vomiting in the Assembly on Thursday evening, and since then has been confined to his bed in his omeo. Those who know most of his general state of health say that his mental faculties are giving way, and that he will either have to absolutely give up work, or give up the ghost, for the symptoms he exhibits now are certainly of a serious nature. He may rally, and be able to return to his duties for a time, but it is impossible to hope that the he can with impunity, at his advanced age, much longer but with anything like severity his waning powers of mind and body. The ceremonies in connection with the opening of St. Mary's Cathedral began on Friday, aid are being continued to-day (Saturday), concluding to-morrow morning. As was expected, the proceedings were arranged on a scale of magnificence calculated to strike the dullest imaginations. Naturally, the Catholic community is much exercised over this (to them) all-important event. Many of the faithful have come from the country, and even from the adjoining colonies, to witness the ceremonials and assist in giving life' to the proceedings, The cathedral was crowded on the first day both in the forenoon and in the even- -ing. In this consummation the hopes of many anxious years have been realised by the Catholics of New South Wales. It is now Some sixteen years since the work of erecting the cathedral was begun under the direction of the late renewable Archbishop Polding. Archbishop Vaughan has hurried on the work at railway speed, and, in his impatience to see the temple opened for divine worship, he had the original plans modified so as to permit of the opening taking place at an earlier period than was originally hoped for. To do this he has temporarily sacrificed not a little in the matter of architectural effect. A serious rupture between the employers and employed in the iron trades is pending. The men demanded an advance of twopence an hour equal to 8s. a week. The masters Offered an advance of a penny. This the men refused, but modified their first request, and Offered to take fire. This was refused, and a strike, which will perhaps affect seven or eight hundred men, is apparently about to begin. . Public opinion appears to be strongly against '» the men, for it is considered that they are opening their mouths too wide, and refusing a treasonable and liberal offer, while at the same time aiming a serious blow at industrial enterprise. The new Postmaster-General, the Hon. Alexander Campbell, has got fairly bottled down to the duties of his office, and, unlike his predecessor, devotes a proper amount of time and attention to his work. The Government have appointed the Hon. John Macintosh to the licensing bench, vice Mr. Davies, C.M.G. This appointment is a satisfactory one, and provokes the natural query Why didn't the Government appoint him at first '! The weather continues dry, and animal food is getting scarcer and dearer. As much as a shilling a pound is being charged for beef by some of the metropolitan retail butchers. The remedy for this state of things for it is not the scarcity of stock that is doing it-is a central meat market. Meanwhile, one step in the right direction that has been taken is that the stoc'ko'.viicw and others interested are urging on the Government to provide better facilities for the transit of stock by rail. 