Confirmation at Rockhampton \\\Y 11■;11 n I’rmii tin1 (JiijirirnrniiiH that a very inli I in y cfriiiKiii y I nn|< place in S). .11 iscpli s |;. ('. ( ‘huivli, nii Sunday nmrninp (l-'lhiii : |:m| ), will II I lie lliplil lew. I >r. < 'mii a.liiiinis ! (■ rr 11 (In’ Sac ..lit of ( '..nlirniatinn I ar tin* |ir-| limr sine- his rsiinrrit inn as Hi hap nf I ]J ,;| II I I || all . The I'lllll I il 111 t l‘S Vela '-"Sled ill (lie IlsVe af Ilia I >11 i I, i i II p, ill Ilia paws n.-uraxl (a lha hiph allar. The alin r pailinu ,,f (I,,, ihurah wns well Idled, a !l hanyh il was 11; i ] 111 -< 11:11 a I \ ; 11 11 T I 1 M * a lyh I a eIeek All-' l h ;i I (lie rile \\\ ; I ; a 1! 11 i 11 i1'' rai 1. Tlia I < * 11L a I a aim i | i 11 a I a -', ilia llllljalily al whom W"l'a vary v,,ii]]"', ware ua;i ii v all a I a 11 in while, mill, wil h II haw a \ a a p I i« 11, - , ware \\\ 11 i I a Wiv il 11 -: mid VI-ih . Til a ;.’Ta; 11 a r liuniliar a I hays a I: a were whih- Siiii-s The yirls anali wars ;i rah nhliaii, from whieli Inina; ilia a.inlirnnl ian )ic■ <|.ni I ,,nnm'r <!<• > nn/iriiuiliuii). wlliht lha hays Will's I h <' i a lnaihlis ntlnaliail (il II I ai ! I'o’etle ,,n lha hh'l 11<)111 • 1'■ r. The Mm ■ u :a piaa,-,h'il l.v III /. ittr S 7,S (M ■ imp la t la- aliens i >r. I him e.-h a n 11 ,n I n i i n l • 11 • i i -i! Ih'' Knehnrisl h 1 i, 1 a 1 i ■ - far eel l Ii I'l I HI I ian. h’l 11111' ] i' a I lha A1 a : s w a e a d II) 11 a h U V a ] - i < 11 I mall I hi - !'S III Si . .1 IlSi' pll S Sum III 1 >V I uml.rett i WHS slimy ;a \- d;,pillar hi la nil' 1 ali'a, I. Ml Ih ,,f lha ms . lha Ah-ry Ih-v. I ,1 ..|| .|ad I Ir. ( '.Ini 1 <i m-minie h I,,ha lie' aliair maniiwhila silly h Alsss I ill' Ilia ■ii hmlal Ti ll l.v aaia'ln ian m Alnrlav < V. ii It ii1. A ft ei n lane n.l'lrass siiiliihla tails- naan ian. the I'.I hap. a - i-h-'l in lha w yam as l.v | >, ;m Al 111 lay , proceeded willl ih.' (ami a| .,. i v j, ■ piss, rih'.I fur ( A m lii ms I n-m llnvinp led alia ar Iwa shall pI'HMTs, he evletlded In , lull,Is aver llias,. III...Ill |a in- eonlill,,ad a,Idra- rad n solamii prayer h> lha Ish-rnal I':,th, r v. Im hs.l rayaiii'islail tlmm hy wsla.s ;md (ha 1 1 a IV Chest In salld fall 11 lipan them the sa van I. .Id Holy Spirit frem heaven. with nil his pills mid ,prases, inta lliair smils This alidad, tin- emididales lhan want Inrward —tlio girls on the Bishop’s right and the boys on his left—to the altar rails, and dip ping his linger in holy chrism—or holy oil blessed on Holy Thursday—the Bishop made the sign of the cross on the forehead of each, and calling him or her by the name of a Saint previously chosen, said, “ I sign thee with the sign of the cross, and confirm thee with the chrism of salvation in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the ' Holy Ghost after which lie gave the person confirmed a stroke on the cheek saving at the same time, “ Peace be with you.” All the candidates having been confirmed, the Bishop then washed his hands and concluded the cere mony by oilier prayers and a solemn benedic tion. All who had been continued then re peated tbe Apostles’ Creed, the Lord’s Prayer, and Hail Mary. The Bishop then besought them to be earnest and linn in their determi nation to withstand temptation ; not to lie ashamed of the standard of the cross, and the day of blessing would be theirs. Among other temptations they would have to en counter was that of indulgence in intoxicat ing lii|iiors. Jle would therefore ask them to make a little sacrifice and promise to abstain until (bey were twenty-one. Only those who wished to do so, were asked to kneel and take the pledge which lie would at once ad minister. lie desired to lead them to do good in this respect, not to force them, and thus it was that lie asked only those who wished to take the pledge to kneel. A large number of the young people then knelt and repeated, after 1 lie Bishop, a “ pro mise, before God. with the intercession of His Immaculate Mother the Blessed Virgin, and of St. .Joseph, St. Matthew, and the Iloly Apostles, to abstain from all intoxicating li completion of their twenty-first year,” and that they intended to show a good example to others in order that they may he kept away from h-mptation themselves. The Bishop then finally bestowed the benediction, and the ceremony—which lasted for two hours and three-quarters—was at an end. 'The numbers of the candidates were—121 females and 72 males. Pi:i-:sk.nttatio.\\. --It will he remembered (says the Wrxtent SUu\ of the 14tli instant) 1 hat when Sergeant Burke departed from lioma a subscription was raised, and a hand some gold watch obtained as a presentation. It will be satisfactory for subscribers to learn 1 hat the watch was handed over to the above through tin1 proper, legitimate channel in the]( 'onimissioner for Police Office, Brisbane, and with the full consent of the department. Mr. Oultell has received the following letter, addressed to the subscribers to the testimonial : Brisbane, Sep. 2!st, 1882.—To Messrs, balor, Stewart, Oottell, Salmond. Murphy, and others. Ihuna.—Gentlemen,—d beg to thank you tor the verv handsome gold watch just handed to me in the niliee of the Commis sioner of Police. Tic-gift will he ever prized by me as a token of the esteem in which 1 have hemi held by the people of Roma and district as a police officer and citizen.—-1 have, Hie honour to he, gentlemen, your most obe dient servent.”—Mhuiaki. Pikki-:. Tii k \Y r.ATHKt: on thk Downs.—.Says the Wunrlrl- .Art/ns of 1he 21st, instant:— ‘•After an interval of about wo days’ line weather, light rain set in again on Wednes day night, and continued till after daylight. About in o’clock on Thursday forenoon, the downpour became much heavier, and a drenching rain continued with little intermis sion ti|] some hours alter nightfall. The 1 pi,-1111 iI v recorded at the Telegraph Ollicc up to ,s o’clock vesterday morning was t-2(! in., which, wit lithe amount previously published, gives a total of nearly four and a half-inches for Hie present month. Vesterday the Weather was line and mol, hut rain-clouds Were SI ill hanging about. From tlm wheat districts the accounts on the whole arc still favourable. Rust has made its appearance in patches, am! niaiiv of the tanners appear to fear very serious ennsiapiences, hut in some cases the crops are already beyond its inilu eiiee. \\[r. Robert Stirling, of the Grove, Harm, has sent us a. hunch of ears as a sample of his forty-acre crop. The ears are medium sized, and some of them show plainly the off cels of the late drought ; the grain, is well formed, and as the husk is changing its colour, the danger from rust is past. The crop should yic'ld from 25 to 50 bushels per acre.” The Weather and Crops at Aeeora.— Onr (Warwick Art/tix correspondent, writing under date yesterday (20th instant), says :— “ It rained here all day yesterday and the greater part of last night. With cold, fine weather, the wheat crops would benefit by the rain ; hot weather would probably do a great deal of harm, f am sorry to say that the rust has made its appearance in many of the wheat-holds, and is spreading : happily, a good number of the crops are sufficiently for ward to avoid material injury. I shall advise you more fully shortly as to the extent of the damage likely to ensue. There is a nice fresh in the Dalrymple, which has not been flooded for nearly four years past.” The Rah, to Caricu.a.—The following is from the Peak Dmrnz Tele.f/rain :—“ The iron horse can now he sighted from Capella. Mr. Mackenzie, of the firm of Frazer and Mac donald, is pushing on the work with all pos sible speed, and expects to have the rails laid to Capella by the 22nd instant. An addition of 00 feet is being made to the length of the goods shed. On the second section the Ca pe] la bridge is expected tn be iinished in a fortnight. Work lias been commenced on the Abor Creek Bridge. The clearing through the scrub near Retro is beginning to make a show. Mr. Heard went down from Clermont on Thursday to assist in starting the engine for the saw-mill at the Round Mountain. With fair weather, sufficient labour and ma terial, Mr. Mulvena will be prepared to lay down from 14 to 20 miles of rails within three months after the first section is opened.” Bitrhi.ary ix tiie West.—There appears to be an epidemic of burglary out West at present (says the Mitchell arid, Gref/orif Mail of the 7th instant). Only the other day we recorded the robbery of some cheques and notes from the shop of Messrs. Wragge and Co., and we have now to chronicle another crime of a similar description. The victim in this case is a. married woman named Mrs. Beech, who rents a small bumpy in Kerr-st., behind Messrs. Thompson and Cushion’*. Her husband is away on a station. She spent last Saturday night, with another married woman similarly situated, and on returning Sunday morning found that some thief had effected an entrance by wrenching a sheet of iron from the hack of the chimney, and ab stracted a Cl note1, a Savings Bank book, and several articles of jewellery. Xo clue as to the intruder has yet been discovered. Wide Bay Timuei: Trade.—A co-partner ship has recently been formed between three residents of Gym pie of many years standing, and an equal number of residents of Mary borough, tor the purpose of engaging in the timber trade, which, hy-tlie way, is assuming gigantic proportions in the Wide Bay district. The new co-partnership have secured a very eligible mill site, contiguous to the railway line at Gootchie, have entered into a contract with Tooth and Co. for the supply of the machinery1, and in order that there shall be no delay in the completion of the brick-work they arc inviting tenders in this day’s issue for the supply of a quantity oh bricks. They will bygin oncrations with a plant capable oh cut ting 200,(H)Oft. per month, and hope to be in full swing witnin live months from the present time.— G///a/u‘c Thnex. WnKAT~i;ro\yixt: at Gaynpah.'—The pros pect of Gayn.lah becoming the centre of a prosperous wheat-growing district (says the Man/homin/h (Jhnniirle of the l'dth instant) has from time to time been raised in people’s minds, but, though the nature of the soil and climate warranted a substantial test of the capability to grow wheal successtidly, nothing was done until (bis year, when no doubt the promise of early railway communication with the coast infused some activity into the quiet little city of tin' Burnett. Foremost amongst the experimental! 4s is .Mr. Connolly, from whom we have just, received a substantial proof ol t idlin' success m the form of a small sheaf of wheat taken, root and all, from a patch cultivated on his selection. One tuft, shows over forty well-grown cars containing grain as fully developed as any grown in Australia, and it is evident that the cereal grows strong and healthy on Gayndali soil. How far the chemical constituents of tin- soil arc favorable to the growth of wheat developing the necessary preportions of gluten and lime to render the grain profitable for milling, we are unable to say, but as the natural characteristic of the district are not different to these of the Darling Downs, where thousands of acres of good wheat are annually harvester! and turned into good Hour, we see no reason to suppose that Gayndali agriculturists will not achieve the fullest measure of success. DEATH OF MRS. KEATING, HIGHFIELDS.— We (Warwick Argus) learn from a contem porary that there died, at Highfields, on the 10th instant, from the effects of accidental injuries received some two or three years since, Mrs. M. Keating, at the age of 62. The deceased lady was the mother of four sons and five daughters, including Mr. E. Keating, of Maryland, and Mrs. Higgins (formerly Mrs. M. Quinlan), of Sandy Greek, Warwick. Mrs. Keating has been a resident of Highfields for over 20 years, and was highly respected by all who knew her, as evidenced by the im mense cortege of sorrowing friends who fol lowed her remains to their last resting place, the funeral being the largest ever witnessed in Highfields. Mrs. Higgins, in her well known kindliness and affectionate disposition, with other married daughters, attended the deceased unremittingly during the last few days of her existence. A Child Drowned at Gymiue.— The 0'ijmpie Timas of the 18th says:—“A very sad and fatal accident from drowning hap pened to a fine little boy, son of Dr. Ityan, the circumstances connected with which are of a more than usually painful character. It appears that the little follow—who had that day attained his second year—'Stole out of the house unobserved whilst Mrs. Ryan and the servant were busy, and made for the paddock at the back of the house ; it was supposed that he was playing where the carpenter was at work, but on his being missed search was made for him, and was found in a pool of water that was brimful to overflowing with the recent heavy rains. When discovered, he was iloating upwards, and it was hoped that animation might have been restored. In addition to every effort put forth by the sor rowing parents, Dr. Benson was at once called in, and everything possible was done to cause resuscitation, but without avail ; immer sion had evidently been too long and the vital spark had fled. Much sympathy is felt and expressed for Dr. and Mrs. Ryan in their sad bereavement.” 