GENERAL NEWS. Volunteer Appointment.—The Govern ment Las appointed Major Madley to the position of Lieutenant-Colonel of the Adelaide Bides, in i dace of Lieutenant- Colonel Fitzrov, resigned." Lieutenant-Colonel Madley will -command the first battalion. The Farmers' Ticket.—The candidates .selected by the Fanners' Mutual Association for their support at the ensuing Legislative •Council elections are Messrs. Miller, Coglin, Ridgway. English, Salom, and Murray. Civil Sittings.—Asomewhat singular case • came on for trial in the Supreme Court on Thursday, and the circumstances of it exer cised the minds of no less than five counsel, ■ so that the development of the trial may be worth watching. The claim was for £1,000, -damages for an alleged assault upon an ''infant nineteen years of age," the action "being brought by his best friend. The plain tiff is Joseph Kundle, and the defendants Messrs. A. von Doussa, A. Pade, M. C. H. Rom, and H. Haytread, residents of Hahn •dorf, where the plaintiff also lives. The case for tne plaintiff was that on November 21, 1881, as set out in his counsel's opening, he • was inveigled into the office of Mr. A. von Doussa, the local telegraph and post master, attacked by that official with a whip, pushed ■outside, where he was castigated by the other defendants, who passed the whip from one to . another. A rope was then passed round him, . and he was led by the rope by one de fendant, while another brought up the rear to rouse his lagging steps with a lash, and the rest accompanied the proces sion. In this way it was alleged he was paraded along the street, halted at two \- -different places, where he was introduced as the correspondent of the Bulletin, the cere : mony being emphasized by the whip. He was then released, after nis captors had • deemed the punishment sufficient, and the undignified proceedings were wound up with a final flourish of the whip and a recommenda . tion to him to clear out of the township. It was also set ouc that the plaintiff was sub . jected to abusive language, threatened, and put to pain of body and mind by reason of ■frVia •frAiit.mAnf. Via taaaivaH. Th« liAfp.nflflrif.a' the treatment he received. The defendants' answer w as a denial of the circumstances as ■set forth by the plaintiff, but an admission that they "mildly chastized" the com plainant, because tney had reason to believe that he was the author of certain offensive paragraphs that appeared in the Bulletin and lantern at ainerent perioas reuecimg upon them and their friends. Evidence was given . and the plaintiff s case was closed. The hear ing occupied the Court several hours, and was adjourned till next day, when the defence will be entered upon. The Railway Demonstration's in the North.—The major portion of the party invited by the Commissioner of Public Works to take part in the opening of the Great Northern Bailway to Quorn and Farina returned to Adelaide a little before G o'clock ■ on Thursday morning, having travelled from Quorn in about ten hours, exclusive of stop pages. The party had supper at Terowie about midnight, and there was a detention for coffee at Riverton at 3 o'clock. The Harbinger.—This Stilling liner, • which sailed from here on February 9, with a large complement of passengers from this colony, arrived safely at St. Helena on or about the 9th of ApriL She was off the Cape on March 24, being then forty-two days from Cape Borda, and about two days after wards lost the boatswain overboard. With the exception of this, all is reported as being well with the ship and her crew and pas . sengers. Coursing.—The Buckland Park Meeting was concluded on Wednesday, when there was some first-class sport. Mr. Stanbury secured both prizes in the Buckland Park Stakes with Flora and Turpin, while Mr. Blinman and Mr. Pearce divided the . St. Leger with Bashful and Prairie Bird. Land Sale.—A sale of Crown Lands was held at the Land Office on Wednesday morn ing. There was a fair attendance of buyers, . and bidding was slack. Town allotments were offered in the Hundreds of Maitland, Wonna, Carr, Cudlamudla, Dudley, Curra mulka, and Kadina. Death the Result of an Accident.— William Taylor, who was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on March 14, suffering from injuries received in falling from his horse at Norwood, died on Thursday after noon. A Big Landslip.—An extraordinary geo ! logical disturbance is recorded by the Hamil ton Spectator:—" At a farm owned by Mr. Povey, near Rifle Downs, halfway between Dartmoor and Digby, a geological phe nomenon can be seen, the land for an area of about 40 or 45 acres presenting an extraordi nary appearance. It seems as though the whole of the land had slipped towards the \- creek, and been suddenly arrested. The pressure that is being exerted may be imagined when enormous stumps are being pushed out of their places, and, together with the trunks of the original trees, raised some 6 feet or 7 feet above their •ordinary level. The land also on which the house stands has risen about ten feet, and a stockyard immediately adjoining has had the gateways contracted from 9 ft. 6 in. to 5 ft.; the rails forming the panels of the remaining portion being bent to almost break ing-point. A singular feature of the dis turbance is that the movement is not uniform, as an old cultivation paddock has had the •crown furrows of each land, that were originally north and south, deflected to the •east and west in a siinicircular form, and a little further south the pressure or move : ment is towards the south. The water in the springs in the vicinity has all since changed from fresh to salt. Altogether, the place is well worth a visit from those who are curious in these matters." Barossa Flax-milling Company. — A ■ meeting of the Directors was held in the Company's office on Monday, May 15, at which all were present, to consider the expediency of sowing about twenty acres of flax on the Company's account, Mr. Geue ; having granted the right of selecting twenty acres of land in either of his paddocks for the purpose. After a long discussion, it was unanimously resolved to accept Mr. Geue's -offer, and that Messrs. McCallum, Nicholas, ■ and the Chairman be a sub-committee to select a suitable piece of land and get the ■ same fenced as early as possible. The ' Manager reported that the machinery would be ready for Bcutching purposes in about • three weeks, and that he was about putting in a concrete floor, which would have to be : properly set before a start was made. Rabbit Extermination.—From the Mel ' bourne Daily Telegraph we learn" From ' Swan Hill, Mr. Inspector Black has tele • graphed to the Department of Lands that he had travelled tbrough several parishes covering 110 miles of country—which until recently were infested with rabbits, and he fonnd that the pest had been almost eradi cated, only one live rabbit being seen on Crown lands. The selectors, he adds, ex pressed themselves very grateful for the > vigorous action taken by the Government." Bank of Australasia.—The annual meet ing of tbe proprietors of the above corpora tion was held on March 27, in the Boardroom, at the offices, Thrcadneedle-streei, London, under the presidency of Mr. Martin R. Smith. The report of the Directors stated that a dividend had been declai ed at the rate of 12 per cent, per annum, beiug £2 8s. per share for the half-year, and would be payable, free of income tax, in London, on the 2Sth iust., The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, mentioned that the profits for the year amounted to £103.401, as compared with £157,379, giving an increase on the year of a little over £6,000—not a large increase, truly, but at any rate on the right side, and. on that ground alone they had every reason to be satisfied with the results, especially at the returns of profits from the colonies. They Lad a large amount of the money on this side, whereas for the moment the rate ruled high, and therefore could at the time being be pro fitably employed in the colonies. In the colonies it had been a period of some anxiety to all. There was a diminution in the advances, and the general commercial busi ness was slack. Simultaneously with that the rate of interest greatly declined, and, in short, they were hit on both sides. Fortu nately, they were able to some extent to counteract that by the action in London. Some proprietors might say, "You make a little larger profit, but you give us no incre ment in our dividends." That was, he must own, fair criticism. But it must be remem bered that if there was no incresse in the dividends there was a sum of £12,000 added to the Reserve Fund. The note circulation Lad increased £51,000 as compared with the former year, and his only complaint was that it was very heavily taxed by the Colonial Go vernment. He doubted if the Bank got any direct advantage from it after paying the tax, but no doubt there was a great indirect advantage. The deposits showed an increase of £584,000 as compared with the previous year, and the greater portion of the increase was in deposit accounts not bearing interest. Seventeen new branches had been opened during the year, and 2,432 new accounts had been opened. The report was adopted. Death of General Kaufmann.—General Kaufmann, says " Men of the Time," is one of those soldiers who owe their advancement to natural talent and the force of character. Having completed his education at the Milil ary School for Engineers he departed for the Caucasus, where lie took a distinguished part in many expeditions, tl,n ~,„1, TTIo locf paign against the mountaineers procured for him the post of chief of the field officers under General Mouravieff. His tact and con ciliatory disposition pointed him out during the Crimean War as a fit officer to settle with General Williams the conditions of capitula tion atKars. After the campaign in Asia Minor, the Grand Duke Nicholas, Inspector General of the Engineers, appointed him chief of his staff, a position irom which he was advanced to the direction of the Minister of War's office. The army having to he reor ganized, General Kaufmann showed that he understood the difficut task entrusted to him, and to him, conjointly with the Minister of War, Millutin, must he asigned the credit of framing the new rules which secured its regeneration. In 1865 be replaced General Mouravieff as Governor of Lithuania, Having been entrusted with the task of organizing the Khiva expedition. General Kaufmann left St. Petersburg for Tashkend, February 1, 1873; captured Khiva, July 15; and evacuated the place August 12. An account of this expedition is given by Mr. J. A. MacGahan in his "Campaigning on the Oxub and the Fall of Khiva," 1874. Subsequently he was placed in command of the expedition against Turkestan in August and September, 1875. In an order of the day, dated Camp of Min Bulah, on the right hank of the Sir Daria, October 7, he proclaimed the annexation by Russia of the northern half of the Khanate of Khokand. The new province is bordered he ihe Sir Daria and Marin rivers, and called the District of Namangan. The town of Khokand was not included in the annexed territory. At the commencement of the recent war between Russia and Turkey, General Kaufmann received an important command. A Pitfall.—On Saturday night (savs the Northern Argus of May 16) a number of people were assembled- on an open piece of ground between the Commercial and Globe Hotels to witness a Blondin performance. On the allotment is a well, which has been filled with rubbish to within five or six feet of the surface. Only a few pine rails had been placed over the mouth of the well, and while a young man and his sweetheart were walking on the allotment and looking at the performance the young lady fell into the pit fall. and as she held tenaciously to her lover, he followed quickly after her. The mishap afforded considerable amusement to the crowd, but the couple were speedily liberated, and fortunately they were not much injured. Later in the evening a youth fell down the same well and injured his leg considerably. Death of the President of the Tas manian Council.—The Argus mentions the receipt of a telegram from Hobart stating that the President of the Legislative Council of Tasmania, had died on the 11th. The " Australian Men of the Time" has the fol lowing with reference to the deceased gentle man:—"Frederick MaitlandInnes, M.L.C., a native of Scotland, was born in 1816. He came to Australia when he was seventeen years of age, and first entered the Tasmanian Parliament at the inauguration of free insti tutions in the end of 1856. The year after his entering Parliament the first Ministry was displaced, and Mr. Innes took office as Colonial Treasurer, and for a short period filled the position of Colonial Secretary in the Administration of Sir FrancisSmith—now Chief Justice of Tasmania—and others until 1862\. On becoming Colonial Secretary Mr. Innes entered the Legislative Council, where he sat until November, 1871, when he was called upon to form an Administration. Upon taking the office of Treasurer he re turned to the Assembly. Whilst a member of the Council he was for some years Chair man of Committees, and for the last five years President of that branch of the Legis lature. Mr. Innes was for some time Colonial Treasurer and Premier. He has generally identified himself with those holding mode rate opinions in politics, and was instru mental in passing several measures of impor tance. The chief of these was the giving to municipal and local bodies an extended franchise, control of police, &c.; _lt may be remarked that Mr. lnnes's official labours have been of by no means a light character, he having had to contend with the depression of commercial, agricultural, and other inte rests in Tasmania. He took office and held it during a period of very serious difficulty." McKinlay and Mount Wells Tin Mining . Company.—The local Directors have re jeived the following telegram from their local manager in the Northern Territory:—" Dis covered a lode of tin ore on your property. Stone three to six inches thick onBurface. Smelted 70 per cent." A CcrRiotrs Case.—A case of considerable importance to the community came on for trial in the Supreme Court on Tuesday before His Honor Air. Justice Andrews. The action was based upon a claim by the Curator of Intestate Estates upon the National Mutual Life Assurance Company of Austra lasia for the amount of a life policy issued to one Ernest Neville, whose tragic death by suicide at Willaston,- near Gawler, in 1878, created such a profound impression. It ap peared that Neville, whose real name was Edward Twiney, had assured his life in the defendant's Company for £400, and subse quently becoming embarrassed in circum stances, conceived the idea of committing suicide so that the amount of his life policy might go towards liquidating his liabilities— the National Mutual Life Assurance Company hot allowing the death by suicide of the assured to vitiate the policy. The strange aeliberi circumstances of the deliberate suicide ^ of Neville and his deeply attached companion Adamson, after they had first killed their favourite dog, are known far and wide, and were again described in the trial on Tuesday. The Company opposed the claim on tne ground that tne suicide was an act committed y Neville while he was in sound mental health; also that the policy was obtained by the fraud of Neville. The case was continued on Wednesday, and occupied the whole of the day. The defence closed their case, and the plaintiff s counsel devoted themselves to the task of proving, by evidence and argument, the insanity of the man Ernest Neville, who was alleged to have insured his life for £100, and then committed suicide under the most singular circumstances, to enable his creditors to profit by the policy. The documentary evidence was of a remarkable character, but the most extraordinary was the collection of pencil drawings, which it was stated Neville claimed to have drawn under inspiration from the spirit world. These drawings were all of a symbolical character, but so singu larly fantastic in conception that they created unbounded surprise. The details surprise. The details were elaborate to a degree, and the ornamentation was strongly suggestive of those beautiful intricate carvings the Maoris are celebrated for, while the figures introduced were not unlike Hindu delineations, the combination of the two styles having a most curious effect. There was much boldness and more skill iu the execution of the best. Most of them were drawn very cleverly, while others were somewhat crude, but in none of them was there a departure from the fan tastic, bordering on the grotesque. The ex ■kilnnnfirms nffno.ViPfl fn flipm in "NTfivillp'fl Land writing were of a spiritualistic tendency, and were in keeping with the drawings, the language being quite as peculiar as the sketches. The case occupied the Court several hours, and the Jury, after half an hour's deliberation, found a verdict for the plaintiff for £400, on the ground of Neville's insanity. They added a rider expressing regret that the Life Assurance Company should have issued a policy wherein payment was promised notwithstanding that the assured might die by his own Land. Mr. Syroon, one of the counsel for defendants, obtained leave to move the Full Court for a new trial. Accident.—A young man named John Tucker, 20 years of age, was driving along Way mouth-street in a cart on Wednesday evening, and when passing Light-square he was thrown out on his left arm, which was broken at the wrist and just above the elbow. He was admitted to the Hospital the same day. Affairs in Fiji.—Certain very radical reforms have lately been effected in connec tion with native amirs (according to the Fiji Times) which prove that Mr. Des Voeux can be sufficiently vigorous in action and sweep ing in his measures when necessity calls for an exercise of these qualities. The cry of the people from Bewa and Naitisiri has reached Lis ears, and he has made such an example of the high chiefs and native officials responsible as will, it is to be hoped, prove a warning to evildoers of the same class throughout Fiji, and convince them that when a Governor speaks as Mr. Des Voeux spoke at Bau he means to be attended to. For proved acts of tyranny and misconduct the Governor merely reprimanded Ratu Apeli, and has directed his residence at Bau for six months, while the provinces of Naitisiri and Lomai Viti are removed from his jurisdic tion. He has deposed Tui Dreketi, tLe Roko Tu i Rewa, and sent him a State prisoner to Bau; he has dismissed and sent downtoDaraiba the higb chief Musudroka, Buli of Rewa, and he has also removed the provincial scribe from his office for peculation. Further action will in all probability follow. The results of this investigation will most likely induce en quiry into the working of the native policy in other provinces, and it is sufficiently cleat that where evils are proved to exist Mr. De Voeux means to have them corrected or know the reason why they still continue. Ratu Marika Toroca is spoken of as Tui Dreketi's successor. A Frustrated Fight.—On Sunday morn ing last (says the Y. P. Advertiser) the atten tion of the police was attracted by a number of people going out on the Port-road from Moonta, and, suspecting something not exactly in accordance with law and good order was about to take place, Police constable Cock went after them. On his approach towards the place where the people were congregated, ana where the business of the meeting was being transacted, most of the folks remembered that they had a call somewhere else. It appears that a fight had been arranged for, but before it could be satisfactorily got off they were disturbed by Constable Cock's approach. Accident at Hindmarsh.—On Tuesday evening about 7.15 a collision occurred on the Port-road, at Hindmarsh. between a trolly driven by a man named Thomas Lemmojtin the employ of James Malthouse, and aJE&y; driven Dy William Carey, in the empl^ of Fry Brothers, resulting in the latter naving three ribs broken, besides getting a number of bruises. His injuries were so serious that Dr. Rees, who saw him immediately after the accident, refused to allow his removal to the HospitaL The New Cemetery.—Our Salisbury correspondent writes:—" It Beems that what is known here as Jones's farm is the site selected for the future Cemetery for the city. It is about ten miles from Adelaide, one section abutting on the railway and extend ing a mile back, with a district road running between the land, being almost a perfect level. In wet seasons the water is very shallow on parts of the land, which perhapB will detract considerably from its perfect suitability for the purpose, and the wonder is the selection has been made, when by coming about three-quarters of a mile further whatseemsa much better site was available." Sudden Death.—A man named William Kermode, who for some time past has been in the employ of Mr. Bull, the landlord of the Kensington Hotel, died suddenly on Wednesday evening. Deceased, who was in his usual health on Tuesday, was taken ill on Wednesday morning. Dr. Sprod was sent for and visited him several times before he died, but refused to give a certificate, as deatL was accelerated by drink. Marine Engineers.—The Port Adelaide branch of the Marine Engineers' Association of Australasia have received the following reply from the Under-Treasurer, dated May 15, to a petition presented to the Minister on subjects of interests to marine engineers:— "With reference to the petition from the marine engineers of this colony, praying that certain disadvantages under which it is alleged they are labouring, may be removed, I have the honour, by direction of the Trea surer, to inform you that the memorial has been carefully perused by the Government, and that, when notification is received here that the Marine Board and Navigation Act of last session has been assented to by Her Majesty the Queen, the representations made with regard to the appointment of an engineer as a member of the Marine Board, and also as to the exemption of Government vessels from the operations of the Act. shall receive due consideration. The other points raised by the petitioners have already been dealt with, by adopting the Imperial practice in such matters in existing regulations and in the new Act." Death of an Old Colonist.—The remains of Mr. L. W. Warnecke, a resident of Nuriootpa for nearly thirty years, and a chemist of great ability, were buried on Sun day last. After a tedious yet comparatively eamlcss illness of five months, he breathed is last on Friday, May 12, at the age of 53. The funeral cortege was the largest that has assembled in the district. Mr. Shultz, of Nuriootpa, read the appropriate service for the dead upon the removal of the body from the house, and the Nuriootpa Quartett Verein (of which the deceased was a distin guished member) sang with great pathos the Grablied by Bflr, "flier unteniste Friede." The procession was then firmed, and pro ceeded with every demonstration of sorrow to the cemetery at Tanunda, where already lay a child of the departed. The Rev. J. Reusch received the corpse at the cemetery gates, and rendered the services most impres sively, which were terminated by the Nuriootpa Quartett Verein, the Greenock Liedertafel, and the Stockwell Liedertafel united, consisting of twenty-five male voices, singing with fine effect the beautiful Grablied by Fleenning, " Uber den Sternen." Insolvency Court.—Before the ordinary business of the Insolvency Court was called on on Tuesday morning, fiis Honor the Chief Justice drew Mr. A. G. Downer's attention to the case of S. M. Fudney, of Cunningham, Yorke's Peninsula, farmer, in which Mr. Downer appeared for the insolvent, who had stated that he was adjudicated insolvent his creditors, the bailiff having returned "no estate" without visiting his premises. He (His Honor) had since had some facts placed before him, from which he concluded that Pudney had wilfully misled the Court, as his furniture was protected by a bill of sale to Hardy & Fenn, and if this were the case, and he was quite satisfied it was so, as the bailiff had made an affidavit to that effect, and also that he had visited Fudnev's premises, he thought the matter should be placed before the Attorney-General with a view of punish ing Pudney. Great injustice had been doue to the bailiff, who had been charged with neglecting his duty. He knew that Mr. Downer was ignorant that his client had mis led the Court, but Pudney's conduct had been most reprehensible and merited punish ment. Mr. Downer explained that he was totally unaware that the bailiff had visited his client's premises, as he had been in structed otherwise. He informed His Honor, however, that the estate was paying 20s. in the £, and the creditors would not lose by the adjudication having been annulled. The Commissioner of Insolvency and Superintendent Peterswald.—Messrs. H. E. & H. F. Downer have requested us to state, out of fairness to the Acting-Commis sioner of Police (Mr. Peterswald), that his refusal to hand over the property found on Ilarjes to the Official Receiver when .first requested, was because he (Mr. Peterswald) wanted to be assured he was justified in so doing, as Harjes was under arrest for having embezzled money in New Zealand, and that Mr. Peterswald, on being advised that he was justified in doing so, immediately notified his intention of handing the money over to the Receiver, which has since been done. Mr. Cherry, who brought the matter under the notice of the Court, was not aware that Mr. Peterswald had intimated his intention of paying over the money, or the matter would not have been mentioned. The Government Railway Policy.—The ceremony of declaring the Great Northern line of railway open for traffic was performed by His Excellency the Governor at Quorn on Wednesday morning. Subsequently a ban quet took place, at which about 300 guests were present. Some of the speeches deli vered were of unusual interest, as they embodied a declaration of the policy of the Government. The Chief Secretary, in responding to the toast of the Ministry, announced that the Government proposed to ask Parliament to authorize the construction of about 700 miles of new rail ways. These include a further step towards the completion of the Transcontinental line by an extension from Hergott Springs west ward, following the telegraph line, and also an extension iu a north-eastern direction in order to secure the traffic from Queensland. At the same time it is proposed to con struct a line from Port Darwin to Pine Creek, a distance of about 150 miles, and an officer is to be dispatched to the Northern Territory next week to determine the exact route to be adopted. A line of a hundred miles from Terowie to the Barrier Ranges is also on the programme, and the extension of the Nairne Railway to the Victorian Border by way of tbe Ninety- mile Desert was also spoken of favourably by Mr. Bray, who also took occasion to defend his action with regard to the Orient Company. The Commissioner of Public Works, in replying to the toast of " Success to the New Railway," stated that, encouraged by the results of the last reductions made in the railway tariff, it was intended, about June 1, to reduce the carriage on general merchan dise 5 per cent, on present rates for the firet 100 miles, 10 for 150 miles, 15 for 200 miles, and 20 for all over. The passenger fares are also to be reduced on August 1, when the first-class will be lowered to the extent of 33 per cent., and the second-class 50 per cent., making these latter 15 per cent, below the present third-class fares, which are to be abolished. Return tickets are to be done away with, ex cept in the case of excursion fares. The various statements of the two Ministers were received with much cheering, the only point which was greeted with any dissent being the Chief Secretary's reference to the extension of the railway to Victoria. In the speech made by the Governor, His Excellency re peated his oft-expressed views in favour of railway extension, and stated his entire con currence in the proposals of his advisers. "JBERALITY OF SlR THOS. ELDER—Mr. R. G. Wilkinson, the Chairman of the Com mittee of the Young Men's Christian Asso ciation, informs us that Sir ThoB. Elder has subscribed the handsome sum of £1,000 towards the new building of this Association. Increasing the Rainfall.—We have lately had (says the Australasian) a somewhat pro longed discussion on the subject of obtaining increased rainfall by means of the prayers of pious people, properly organized and directed. A bishop of the church, speaking as an expert in such matters, declares that the expectation is a foolish and childish one, A snort time before this the ingenious Professor Pepper made an experimental attempt to obtain rain by the very different method of precipitating it by the aid of a kite and a cannon, a method which unhappily proved as inefficacious as the rival theological process. At first sight it would seem that the discredit for this double failure was to be equally shared between theology and positive science. But if we can accept as conclusive the calcula tions put forward by Mr. H. (J. Russell, the Government Astronomer of New South Wales, in his presidential address before the Royal Society at Sydney, it is not necessary to receive as proved the impossi bility of achieving the precipitation of rain by a combination of natural means. All that is necessary to increase the rainfall 'of Sydney, for instance, 60 per cent, is to lift the atmosphere over it bodily upwards a distance of 1,800 feet. The means which he thinks necessary to effect this object are not very clearly stated, and they have in addition the disadvantage of being rather expensive. They involve as we gather from a formidable array of figures representing "foot-pounds," ana other scientific entities, the combustion of nine millions of tons of coal daily at a cost of £4,500,000. This, it will be admitted, is ex pensive, and the result, it would appear, is uncertain, so that the burning of this as tonishing quantity of coal might have no other effect than adding to the heat and drought without affecting the rainfall by a single drop. These, however, are but details. The essential point to observe is the facility with which science can solve—so far as calcu lations and formulae are concerned—the most stupendous problems, in a manner which, if it leads to no other result, is admirably adapted to give interest and ecl&l; to a pre sidential address. The Interior Trade of Australia.— The Government of . South Australia (remarks the Australasian) is showing a good deal of energy in the work of im proving the communications between distant points of its vast territory. It is, in many respects, much favoured by conditions, and it is doing its best to utilize them. Its com mand of the great Australian river system fives it an immense advantage, and this is elned bv the watchfulness shown to utilize in the most profitable manner the benefits conferred by nature. The Deputy Surveyor General the other day telegraphed that he bad sketched a route by which a good road can be got to Mount Browne, which, as all readers know, is in New South Wales ter ritory. On Monday last the Transcontinental Railway was completed as far north as Govern ment Gums, 410 miles from Adelaide. When the Minister of Education, on returning from his visit to the Northern Territory, submitted the mineral and other specimens he had brought to His Excellency the Governor, in the con versation which passed Sir William Jervois dwelt on the want of a railway from the sea board to the interior as being one of the chief requirements for the development of the g-eat resources of that territory. So that in many points we see evidence of attention to the work of improving communications as the best means of hastening the settlement and prosperity of the country. Indeed, the exertions made in this direction have elicited a complaint from Sydney that .the Govern ment of New South Wales was allowing South Australia to drain away the trade or the back districts. Every mile that the Great Northern Railway is pushed north ward will increase this effect, and will indeed, if the line is carried far enough, give an outlet to the back districts of Queensland as well as thoBe of New South Wales, all of which shows that South Australia realizes what is its first great requirement, and is striving in many ways to supply it. Professor Rice at Gawler,—On Satur day evening, May 13, Professor Rice made his first appearance in Gawler at the Institute Hall. There was only a small audience, but those present were simply astonished at the Professor's mind- reading. Five tests were applied, with the following resultsFirst Mr. J. N. Richards thought of an arrow in a lady's bonnet, and without much trouble it was found. Mr. A. G. Wells hit upon a policeman's cap, and to the astonishment of all the professor went straight up to it. The test applied by Mr. A Drakard was con sidered the most severe. He thought of a brass setting rule (used by compositors). The Professor at first went to a brass musical instrument, but on a second reading went direct to the person wlio_ had the rule, and quickly presented it to view. The next test was by Mr. W. Riggs, who thought of a watch in a gentlemans pocket, which was found without difficulty. The final test was provocative of much merriment. A Mr. Low and Professor Rice were seeking for some time, until at last the Pro fessor gave it up, and upon asking the man to tell the audience what he thought of, amid roars of laughter he said, "Oh, I thought of nothing." Besides the mind-reading there was the usual txposi of spiritualism, &c.;, and Miss Lewis created a favourable impression by her singing. A large audience greeted Professor Rice on Monday evening. The chief feature of a long progamme was the mind-reading, and several well-known citizens were nominated to apply tests, not one of which to the amaze ment of all was a failure. Mr. J. Brooks thought of a knife, Mr. J. F. Martin a large old penny, and Mr. Coun cillor fchort a shell; each in a gentleman's pocket, and all of which were found at once. Mr. Councillor May's test was a trying one. He gave_ a person a small case of instruments, and in one end were some leads, the finding of which was greeted with hearty applause. Mr. C. Cross thought of the lancet used by Neville (one ra the suicides), but the Professor soon held it to view. The favourable impression at first created by Miss Lewis's singing was more than realized on her second appearance, raid she was deservedly encored. The entertain ment closed with the cabinet and ghost trick, which was very successfully carried out. Complimentary.—On Friday evening the employes of Messrs. J. Colton & Co. met together for the purpose of presenting Mr. E. T. Hartley with a testimonial as a mark of their esteem on the eve of hiB leaving Ade laide. The testimonial consisted of _a massive gold locket. Mr. J. W. Smith, in presenting it, referred to the very high esteem in which Mr. Hartley was held By his fellow employes, and trusted he would live long and prosper in the new sphere of life into which he was entering. Mr. Hartley, in responding, thanked all those who had contributed to the present; and said he had always endeavoured to do his best to Elease his fellow employes during the time e had been with them, and assured them he should always look back with pleasure to the time during which he was associated with them. Adelaide, Unley, and Mitcham Team way Company.—From the Directors' tenth j report we extract the following" Your Directors have much pleasure iu being able to recommend the payment of a dividend of 2s. per share. The traffic iB steadily in creasing and your Directors hope to be able during the next six months to run the-cars every quarter of an hour to Parkside and Unley and every half-hour to Mitcham. Your Directors have taken the necessary pre liminary steps to continue the line from present stand in Flinders-street to the inter section of King William and Pirie streets, and hope during the ensuing Parliamentary ses-, sion to obtain the necessary powers to carry J out this work. The Manager reports that the portion of line and road which has been raised is in good repair; but there is still a further expenditure to be incurred in raising the remaining portion of the line." The | balance-sheet shows traffic returns for the six months £4,557 14s. 4d., and sundry receipts amounting to £157 17s. lOd. The profit and loss account shows a credit balance of £2,04716s. 8d. Tbee-planteng.—The work of tree-plant ing in the park lands is (says the Port Augusta Dispatch) being carried on with com mendable vigour, and the members of the Council deserve great praise for their deter mination to beautify these public grounds. An avenue of poplars is being formed on the path from the Extension to the town, and a double row of trees will be planted all round the park. The Proposed Zoological Gardens.—In connection with the proposal to form Zoolo gical Gardens in the Botanic Park, and with special reference to the objections which have been urged that the establishment of such an institution would necessitate the cutting down of a quantity of ornamental treeB at present standing in the Park, the promoters of the scheme have obtained a set of large photographic views of the Melbourne Zoolo gical Gardens, which are at present being exhibited in tne window of Messrs. Finlayson and Co.'s establishment in King William street. It is intended to show by these that the existence of a very complete zoological establishment is by no means incompatible with the presence on the same site of land scape-gardening of a very high order. A Good Motive for Punctuality.—At the preliminary meeting of the Nonpareil Extended Gold-mining Company on Thurs day a resolution was agreed to that the fees of the Directors should be divided among those present "at five minutes after the hour fixed for the meeting." The mover was Mr. G. A. Farr, who said he had no doubt this might ensure punctuality when perhaps nothing else would. It is only fair, perhaps, to say that at the time he moved the resolu tion Mr. Farr had not been nominated as a Director. Fatal Railway Accident.—A shocking accident occurred at the Adelaide Railway Station on Thursday, about 1 o'clock, whereby a fine active young man, named John B. Clarke, the platform foreman, lost his life. It appears that the midday train from the North had arrived, and as the guard's van was at the end nearest Adelaide it was neces sary to attach it to the other end of the train for the return journey. To effect this Clarke was stooping between the van and the travelling post-office, to uncouple the one from the other, when the tiain was moving slowly on the shunting line, known as the running-shop road. The step of the post office caught him behind, causing him to slip, and in falling he caught hold of the step, but was unable to right himself, as the j wheel of the carriage was squeezing his abdomen against the rail, and at the same time pushing him along, though the speed at I which the train was going was insufficient to cause it to run over him. The consequence was that Clarke's abdomen was unable to hear the strain, and was horribly injured. He was removed to the Hospital at once, arriving there about 1 p.m., ana died at 4.15 the same day. He leaves a widow and one child, and his death has cast quite a gloom over the railway employes, with whom he was very popular. Successful Boring for Water.—A corre spondent sends us the following' Thinking that information concerning boring operations in search of water in the North might be of interest, and perhaps benefit, to some of your readers, I send you the following particulars about two successful searches for fresh water at a considerable depth below the run of salt water almost always cut first in these parts. In the early part of last January Mr. H. Faull and party started boring in an old well, commonly known by the name of the Two Gums, on the Emdina Run, now the property of Messrs. B. & H. James. There was at the time a considerable supply of water in this well, which was, however, so salt as to be injurious, if not fatal, even to sheep. At 150 feet from the surface, when passing through quicksand, they dropped into a perfect reservoir of excellent cattle and sheep water, the force of which was so great as to frequently force the 6and 60 feet up the pipes in the borehole. Mr. H. James, -who was at the time assisting Mr. Paull, immediately Bent 7,000 sheep to the well, which proved to be making 3,000 gallons per hour. Mr. Paull then shifted about eight miles north-east to a place on the Artipena or Emdina Creek, where at 35 feet a heavy supply of salt water was struck, which was shut on by piping. The boring then was through clay and chalk, during which several salt springs were struck, more than one of which was from thin layers of rock salt, to 250 feet, at which depth bard rock was encountered, which lasted 21 feet. Then again through blue clay to 290 feet, when fresh water was again cut in white sand and gravel, which was driven tip the bore for a considerable distance, causing a block for the present until more iron piping can be procured; but it is evident, from the force displayed by the newly cut fresh water, that tne supply will be fully equal to that obtained in the previous instance at the Two Gums." Supposed Concealment of Birth.—A single woman named Fanny Freeman, a •domestic in the employ of Mr. Saul Solomon, of Hindley-street, was confined of a male child between 9 and 10 o'clock on Thursday | •evening. Two constables being informed of the occurrence went to the premises, and hearing a baby crying in the privy, im mediately removed the boards and took the child out uninjured. Dr. Clindenning was sent for and attended both mother and child, who are doing well. Strange Suicide.—A distressing suicide ■occurred at Warragul, Victoria, on Friday night (states the Narracoortc Herald.) A yoting woman about twenty years of age was discovered by the landlord ef the Royal Hotel to be in great pain and moaning in a room that Bhe had engaged for the night, and •on the door being burst open it was found that deceased w&b; undressed and in bed, but was_ evidently suffering from poison. She expired about ten minutes afterwards. Two medicine bottles were found in her pocket, one of which was empty. The only clue to lier identity that could be found was a •Savings' Bank pass-book in the name of Miss Isabella Herd, 92, Lygon-street, Carlton. Marine Board. —The Marine Board at a i meeting on Thursday afternoon objected to j the Large Bay Railway passing through the Government Reserve, Granville, as it has been set apart for a dock. The keeper of the Corney Point Lighthouse reported that the shock of an earthquake was felt on May 12. It last four seconds, and the lighthouse and cottages were several shaken. Charitable Concert at Port Adelaide. —An excellent concert was given in the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Thursday night, May 18. The object was a charitable one, the programme containing an appeal to the benevolent of Port Adelaide on behalf of the widow and five children of Thomas Garnaut, who are utterly destitute. Mr. Garnaut had been a resident of the district for many years, and died after a short illness. A small amount of money has been raised by subscription among the workmen on the S.A. Railway goods-shed plat form, and any further subscriptions will be handed to Messrs. H. W. Thomp son, J.P., W. L. Dickson, and E. HounBlow, who will act as trustees for the Fund. A committee, composed of Messrs. W. Morgan, R. Quin, B. Davies, W. Mussared, and G. Crocker Smith, arranged the programme for the concert, which was remarkably well attended, having the patronage of Mess .-a. Bower, M.P., and Mattinson, M.P., the Mayor, and many of the leading residents. The performers were Mr. Henry Plumstead, whose manipulation of the piano was worthy of his reputation: Mrs. G. Crocker Smith and Miss Rose vandepeer, who in solos and duets received encores: Messrs. G. C. Smith, S. Dyke, T. J. Troweil, and W. Mussared, whose efforts were much appreciated ; Mrs. James Beaumont, who did good service in playing accompani ments ; and, last though not least, the Port Adelaide Amateur Orchestra, whose dibut on this occasion, under the conductorship of Mr. J. Butter worth, reflected credit on the leader, the Society, and the district. The pieces selected were suitable and for the most part classical music. The audience certainly went away gratified at the concert. Life Insurance. Fraud.—An attempted fraud on a life Insurance Company has just been discovered in Austria. From VArgus of Paris, it appears that a person by the name of Griinbaum assassinated a man last year with a view to pass off the corpse as his own body, with the' intention of having 15,030 florins, for which amount his life was insured, paid over to his wife. His in surance waB in two Companies. Shortly afterwards there was found on the border of the Forest Szalatna, a corpse, with the feet burned off, the upper portion of the body mutilated and dressed m Griinbaum's clothes, and also with his naturalization papers upon it. Scarcely had the recovery of the body become known than his wife hastened to the place, and with loud cries of grief and lamentation recognised the corpse as that of her husband, and imme diately afterwards made a claim for the pay ment of the insurance on his life. In the mean while a rumour was spread abroad that Griin baum was still living, and that the corpse iust found was that of a stranger. Griin baum was arrested as he was about to go off | in a boat on the Waag. After long investi gation, during which he simulated insanity, he at length confessed to numerous decep tions, but would give no information as to the man whom he had killed, nor could wit nesses be found who could certify to the crime. He was found guilty of the assassina tion and condemned to twenty years' im prisonment, but his wife was acquitted of any complicity in the crime. Persecution of the Russian Jews.—The Jewish World states that Br. J. Riilf, of Memel, has received reliable information regarding the decisions of the Commission recently appointed to enquire into the Jewish question at St. Petersburg. These are stated to be as follows" Seeing that the solution of the question has occupied more than a year, and also that the Pogromen' (riots against the Jews) must be stopped, the Com mission recommends the following pro visional measures:—1. In order to preventall opportunities for the gathering of crowds, and especially to diminish the drink traffic, all Jews, wherever they may live, will be for bidden to trade in spirituous liquors. 2. All Jews settled iu villages and rural districts shall immediately leave their homes, what ever may be their occupation. The rural authorities shall, however, guarantee a suit able indemnification. 3. The existing laws prohibiting Jews from holding and cultivating land shall be strictly enforced. 4. In the election of Christian magistrates and their colleagues, Jews shall no longer be allowed to participate. (Two-thirds of the number of magistrates in all towns, even those which are almost entirely inhabited by Jews, must by law be of the Christian religion. Hitherto the Jews have, at least, had the privilege of voting under this condition.) 5. The Jews will be allowed to settle on the Caspian Sea as agriculturists. To this they will not be forced, nor will they receive any assistance in their migration." Dr. Riilf points out that these recommendations pretend to be framed for the protection of the Jews themselves. Their immediate effect will be to turn out 1,000,000 individuals from their homes with out any means of subsistence, and generally to render life to the Russian Jew an intolerable burden. Lecture at Port Adelaide.—The Rev. J. A. Burns, formerly Bible Christian minister at Port Adelaide, gave, on the occasion of his departure from the district through severing his connection with the denomination named, a lecture on " The Duke of Wellington," at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on May 15. The Mayor (Mr. H. W. Thompson, J.P.) presided, and there was a moderately large audience. Mr. Burns delivered a carefully prepared account of the life of the immortal hero of a hundred fights. He vividly and eloquently described his campaigns, dwelling at length upon the Peninsular war and the battle of Waterloo, and extolling the Boldierly qualities of the Iron Duke which led his army from victory to victory. The reverend lecturer had not time to enter into his career as a statesman, but related very^graphically the story of how he became a father and adviser to the then young and beautiful Queen Victoria, and now glad she was to receive advice from him amid the difficulties of Constitutional Government. -Mr. Burns went on to tell in a simple and affecting way of how the mes senger from the King of Kings came for the Duke, and the readiness with which at the age of eighty- two years he was found to die, having spent for_ his country a long life of usefulness, in which was contained no idle hour. He touched upon his magnificent character, endowed with the single desire of doing his duty to his God ana his fellow man; and after comparing him to a beautiful setting sun, the lecturer showed how the rath of duty bad become the way of glory. During the delivery, and particularly at the close of a good peroration, Mr. Burns was much applauded. The proceedings were inter spersed with vocal ana instrumental music, contributed by Misses Oldfield and Brinsden (two), and Mr. Oolman. 