SPOUTING .NOTES. Br "PKGASC3." Tub near approach ot.fcho Autumn racing, season is heralded by the appearance of pro grammes of meetings to be held in all parts of Australia, but perhaps the most remarkable in every respect are the proceedings of the two rival; racing clubs in Adelaide, the A. it. C. and tbe S. A. J. C. That Adelaide should tie able to support two racing clubs of such magni tude speaks volumes both for its prosperity and also for the love of racing on the part of its inhabitants,' for the circumstances as recorded bv the Adelaide correspondent of the Sportsman are certainly unique It seems from liis account that the A. R. 0. first issued a programme with about £2,010 as added money for a meeting which would extend over three days, but that on this failing to meet with the approval of horse-owners and • others, issued a fresh pro, gramme, in which the added . money now amounts to. £2,790. And one of the races —tlio Birthday CupV-'is a Handicap Sweep stakes of 20" govs, with' £1,000 added This is'a prize of sonic magnitude, but. the rival club (the • .A'.J.C.) was not to be outdone, and they accordingly added. another £500 to their Adelaide Cup, which makes the total of added money amountto £2,400 • ' Adelaide lias now certainly every right to be considered the*premier racing city in Australia - and if we could only import some of these enterprising South Australians to this colony, I fancy they would rather. astonish the sleepy "Rip Van Winnies", of the Queensland Turf Club, and prove of more use than many ship loads of immigrants. The.mnnager-of racing matters in this colony appear to' possess; no' vitality. U hey have no particular interest in the sport, and seem to have little know* ledge of how matters.should. be; conducted, so matters drift on, and become more and more hopeless as each meeting goes by, dis-' gusting alike the owners of racehorses and the public. It is these two classes that have to pay the piper, and cer tainly they have a right to "call the time.0 But arguments and remonstrances being equally unavailing, the Q T.C. Committee cannot won der at support being withheld from them, and the natural consequence ensues, viz., that they themselves will have ultimately to provide for. the liabilities which have been incurred through their management. •; It is a relief to turn to the consideration of thehlackay Turf Club programme. The meeting is fixed to take place on the 13th and 14th of June, and promises to be as successful as formerly. The most noticeable feature in the programme is the entire absence of hurdle racc3, which 1 believe is occasioned by the lack of encourage ment these races linvc received in former years. There are, however, two days' racing, each con sisting of five events and a hurry scurry and the principal races, viz, the Pioneer Handicap of 100 sovs., and the Club Handicap of 150 sov* , actually equal the amounts given by the Qucenslind Turf Club for the Afore on Han dicap and the Brisbane Cup. Comparison", it is said, arc odious, and in this case thrty certainly are to the Brisbine Clul) which is supposed to represent, the cjlony of Queensland. The Alickay Club, however, differs from the Q..T.C. in a manner, doubtless most satisfactory to themselves, viz , in possess ing at the present time a credit- balance at their bankers of £110 os, and have in addition £45 due to ttiem. They have recently ex pended £116 on improvements, and the prizes paid away at their last nunuul meeting came to the hawl'omc sum of £828 8i They must indeed be congratulated on their position, and i% is evidently owing to the good management of the secre u'-y and the other officials as well as to the liberal manner in which the club is supported by the town and surrounding dis* trie*. The Rockharapton Club have not yet issued their programme, and it is high time for them to do so. A great benefit will he derived by horse-owners if these meetings are so arranged as to follow one another, with just a reasonable interval to allow of their moving from place to place. Our local bookmaker tells'hio'thafc'ho'has sponed-books on the Australian Cup and "New market Handicap, and fairish-odd*.are now obtainable, as attJpresont there, exists. much doubt "what will prove'^ foTountes' for' tho two races." '• ^ *■. '°;.j -;; For the Australian Cup, ''Suxrdnrow, Sauri terer, Hesperian, Wellington,' and • First - Water, seem most in demand at TOO to 9 'down to 100 to 6, and I shall oxpect to see tho two last, viz, Wellington and, First .Water, make a bold bid for first placo iii the qiiotoUoiis. • ' •: ' ... For tho Newmarket Handicap, the helline ?s: 100 to 6 'against Surrey, ;100—5" against The Ghost and CrchioriuVarid'lOrt to •t'arid 10:) if)2 against- others Aspmi,- wlio -had ,becu moot inrpiircd after, was scratched on the 21st hit". I shall hope to giro; my readers further intolli geuce about these two racesin my next. ;; ' • -.The latest scrateliings for the Sydnoy Cup are Salva'or and Canary, and for the Hawkes bury Autumn 'Handicap-Emu'ation; Canary, The Exeter, and Boniface.--^ * • • For the St'Legcr," Darebin is first favourito at 2 to I'-and the field is Jikcly to bo ..a small one. The most probable starters (according to the Melbourne sportsmen) being, in addition to Darebin, Coriolariiis,J Eoh-i- noo'r, Somerset, Monmouth. Gloucester, .Royal Maidj'Commp: lion, and* Pell Mell. - Ori public form Darebin is far to be preferred to any of, the others, though he is reported to be again suflvririg from rheumatism Coriolunus, the champion win or, I do not fancy for this journey j. and! imagine he will be beaten by Commotion! if the latter be fit and !weU at the meeting. The puly other in • llio list that might upset I'll .calculations is Pell Moll,- whose running has been of that in and out dcscrip lion,' that,it is hard to tell what is liisi correct form. -However, I fancy ho is more of a han dicap .horse1 than a icger winner, and shall expect to seo him reserved for some important 6t;ikc, like.the Melbourne Cup. If inclined to "plunge," I "should go for. Darebin.with tho utmost confidence. The nominations for the Ascot Yalo Stakes number 125, though I should think only a very small field are likely to face tho starter. The presence of Mr. Do MestreY three, Navigator, Solitude, arid Sylvanus .will probably,:fright on away most, and the only other starters likoly to be prominent. are,; Tangle, Frying Pan and Guesswork,. "'*/V : " j That Navigator .will be first past the post 'may be regarded a foregone conclusion, and I consider Frying Pan and Guesswork to be the only ones likely to trouble him. ^ ,/.r - ; I think I before mentioned that there was a question abou£ Mr. Dc,MestreY entries for the Sires' Produce Stakes at the coiniug Y.R.C. meeting, as tl/ey were described as - being j by "Crusoe," instead of by " Kobinson 'Crii^OD. I very much j egret to stato' that it'has bpch . decided to disqualify all s> nominated, andas. tho lot included Navigator,and bolitudo it ihust be cons.de- cd very rough, though it, will doubt-.' lessjteaeh Mr. De Mestre.inore cautipn'Jfor'tbe, future." j i 