TURF NOTES. The acceptances for the two gnat autumn! handicaps, the Australian Cop and New- j market Handicap, were never equalinnumbere, I whatever they mar have been in quality, to i this season's. For the long race," the Cetare witch" of the sonthern hemisphere. thirty hones have paid np their second forfeits, as against ten last year; and for the New market Handicap, our " Cambridgeshire," j there are forty-eight who have also paid their I second forfeits, as against thirty-four last season; so that at the present time there is every prospect of large fields coming to the poBti atad it shows that owners have appre ciated the handicaps. Mr. Cox intends having- a meeting on Monday, the 6th of March-a Handicap; Hurdle Race, Maiden Plate, Welter Handi cap for Galloways, Selling Race, Handicap for Ponies, March Handicap-and wind up the day's sport with a Handicap for Gallo ways. As this meeting comes between the V.R.C. St Leger day and the Australian Cup on Thursday, there Bhonld 4>e a good afternoon's racing at the park.' On the 2nd March the Newatead Jockey Club will receive nominations for their meet ing, which takes place on Wednesday, 22nd March. The Albnry Racing Club have received 15 nominations for the Albury Cup, and 21 for the St. Patrick's Day Handicap, which is a capital entry, and there will be six events contested each day, commencing with a Hurdle Race of SO sovs.; there IB a Mares' Produce Stakes of 50 sovB.i Maiden Plate of 30 so vs., and Steeplechase of 60 sovs. The weights for the handicaps will appear on the .25th February, and the Acceptances are due on 6th March. Mr. James Mitchell has presented the club with a silver cup, for a Corinthian Race, a handicap, with a sweep of 3 sovs., one on nomination, and two on acceptance, half the sweep to the second horse, the distance one mile, to be run on the second day. The two race clubs in South Australia appear to be still in a state of antagonism, ana their-meetings, which, are advertised to be held in the month of May, will be unprece dented in the annals of the turf in Austra lasia, the S.A.J.C. having increased the amount of added money to their Cup to 1,000 BOVB., the -same amount being given to the A.R.C, Birthday Handicap. Should Jnpiter Pluviua be on his best behaviour, there is no pleasanter place to spend a few weeks at, and from the induce ments offered to racing men there is every probability of the metropolis of Sonth Aus tralia having more visitors from the other colonies than..ever. Owners.and trainers muBt not .forget that for. the. Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap entries will have to be in the hands of Mr. S. Barnard before 4 p.m. on Thursday, March 2, or with the secretaries of the V.R.C. or A. J.C. - A day's racing willbe held at Tatura, in the Goulburn Valley, on St. Patrick's Day, March 17\. The principal race is the Tatura Handi can of 40 sovs., two miles# The Pyramid-hill- Jockey Glub - advertise their meeting to take place in March ; their principal handicap is about two miles and for 25 sovs. The Queensland Turf Club; .'have put for ward the programme for the autumn meeting. The total amount of added money is only £850, of-which £250 is -devoted to the St. Legerand Sires' Produce StakeB. Hie prin cipal events in the three days' programme are the More ton Handicap of £100, and Bris bane Cnpof £150. Of thelatterprize "Hermit," in the. Qutenalandtr, remarksrather a small amount for a race wjiich claims to be out leaduut handicap of the year, and which has dwindled eadjy since The. Dean and Stratheata divitted ?00 SOTS. and a 50-guinea cup by winning it." The settlement on theTasmanian Jockey Club meeting took l>laoe at the committee room, Ship Hotel.'on the 17th,«nd passed off satisfactorily. The following cheques were bonded .over to the winners by Mr. A. P. Miller, hon. treasurerMr. C. M. Lloyd, first in Hobart.Cup, £341first in Derwent Plate, £38: total, £379. Mr. C. S. Agnew. first in Weld Stakee, £115; fiat in Goodwood 8takes, £89; second in Flying Handicap, £2; second in All-aged Stakes, £2; eeoond in Consolation Stakes, £2; total, £210. Hon. Thos; Heiby, first in All-aged Stakes, £62; second in Ghft £50; first in Flying Han dicapi £40; first in Nursery Handicap, £31; second In. Gocidwooa Stakes, £2: total, &85.<\- Mr. S.- J. R. Parker, first in fiiirdle Haoe, £50; first in Hordle Han^icapV j&Bfifo.; Maiden Plate, £35; se^nd i^Nhri^.^UkZkdlcapj £2; totid, £135. Mr. G. T, Lav* iw in weeple; total, £91 10a. Mr. 8. M« Wilson, firatinlSlwiok Stakes, £34; firet, OoMolatioa 8takw, £29 (w.o.); Selling Stakes ,'£17:seoond.Der went Plate; total, £82. ' Mr. -B. P. -'Wilson, second in Stewards' Cap; total. £10. Mr. C.TWrtersall, third in Cup, £7rwoond. Weld Stakes, £3; i^Huidle G. Talbot received the handsome Stewards' Cup. Mr. C. M.fcloyd congratulated the CIud on the rianner in wjMce<the meeting bad been contacted, todekpressed a hope tut Wmidlifebe present again nextyear." c"* "' The programme ofthe Casterton meeting, ioh< Isfixed for ApcilSS and 27, ispu Wished We6&1 It 4| intended to introduce more , «mch M paling ate informed by te meeting, ol the Iiandaborouah i Cltib ilafixed^or tiM> 27tfi March. The pro gramme will shortly be published. ... The secretary is determined to keep thfjSfi MBi«&actra;>e lilbAin in the _____ ». u t^.(d^!PW*e)0eii6ij|t their February irith u -which is sure iwiWMHmte amongst ^ree-own^rs. and as time are so many flyers over each a ooqrM they 'will be anus to be attractive atnjongat horse-ownera, and probably result iii i a good a percolation for the clob. The aid, received from the Selling Baces at the late , meting placed the (Seoreuury in apoai tiofa to pronoonoe the day a suceea* finan cially. There will also be aHurdle Race, South -Yarra Handicap, Steeplechase, to wind up with the Richmond fiandibap,-five forlongH. , The Deniliquin Jockey Club have issued the programme for their animal meeting, to be nn on Thursday and Friday, April 27 and 28,; commencing on the' first day vrttb the Plying Stakes, a handicap of 60 sovs., three* quarters of a mile. The Yamma Cap, of 50 sovs., a welter handicap, a mile and a quar ter, A Handicap Hurdle Race of GO sovs. The Deniliquin. Gol-, ** handicap of 120 SOTS., one mile ana a half. The Prince of 'Wales Stakes, of 30 sovs., one mile, with Belling allowances. On the second day there is a Maiden Plate of 30 sovs., with penalties for winners, one mile and a half; the Warbreccan Handicap, of 60 sovs., one mile and a quarter; the Deniliquin Jockey Club Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile ana three-quarters (handicap to appeal on the evening of the first day's racing); Selling Hurdle Race, of 30 BOVO., one mile and a quar ter and a distance; and Consolation Stakes, a handicap of 10 sovs., which looks rather an insignificant prize to wind np with after such a nicely- arranged bill of fare. Nomina* tiofra for the handicaps take place with the secretary, Mr. Thier, on Monday, the 3rd April The yearling colt by Yattendon from Peeress, and who w«e passed in at the late sale of Mr. Andrew Towns for 500 guineas, was sold a few days ago to a Rockhampton gentleman for that amount We hear that the Hon. W. J. Clarke's colours will Boon be seen on the turf again, Mr. Joseph Clarke having arranged with lb. F. Dakin, on account of his brother, to train three'.two year olds by King of the Ring. The Yarrawonga annual meeting takes place on March 17. The principal prize is the Yarrawonga Handicap, of 50 sovs., two miles; Handicap Hurdle Race, of 20sovs.; and a Publicans' Parse, of 15 sovs., one mile and a half. The Koondrook Turf Club advertise their races for Thursday, 9th March, for which they have half a dozen races set down for decision. Trainers must bear in mind that nomi nations for the meeting to be held at Sale, OippB Land, on March 29 and 30, for their principal handicaps, must be made to the secretary, at the Royal Exchange Hotel, before 4 p.m. on Saturday, the 25th February. The added money to the Sale Handicap has been increased to £75, the Hurdle Race to £40, and the Steeplechase to £70. There will be an afternoon's racing at Tallarook on Friday, March 10. Nomina tions for the handicaps close on the 2nd March. The Ronnymede Jockey Club will hold their annual meeting on Wednesday, Much 8\. entries for which dosed on 22nd February. There i> the Rnnnymede Handicap of 35 sort., a mile and a half; Publicana' Purse Handi cap of 20SOTS., one mile and a quarter, and other minor events to be contested. Weights fot the principal handicaps will appear on March 2. The Corowa Racing Club advertise their meeting to take place on Thursday, March 2S. There is a Maiden Plate of 20 sovs., a Corinthian Handicap Hurdle Race of 25 sovs., the Corowa Handicap of 40 sovs. (a mile and a half), the Town Plate Handicap of 20 sOvb, with a Forced Handicap of 10 sovs. for winners, optional for losers, nominations for which muBt be in the hands of Mr. H. EL Levin on Saturday, 25th February. . On Thursday, March 2, the Kerang Turf Club will hold their annual meeting, and for the Kerang Handicap, of 50 sovs., two miles, there are 16 horses handicapped. The St Germain's Jockey Club will have a day's racing on the 2nd Much, for which five races are to be contested. A handicap of 15 sove. is the largest prize. The other morning there was a good rattling set-to between Cremome and The Ghost over three-quarters of a mile at Caul field, but there are grave doubts whether the watch denoted it to be done quite fast enough. The CrippBes have a very useful filly in Venture, 3 yrs, by Tim Whiffler from Adventuress, engaged in the Newmarket Handicap. She did a very smart run of six furlongs a few dayB'sgo on the Band track at Flemington. Twelve horses have failed to carry out the conditions prescribed for the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap, consisting of Wellington, Andover, Wheatear, Saunterer, Monmouth, ABpen, Polly John, Kaffir, Hesper, Silver Arrow, Salvator, and Kerolite, leaving 54 in, which will be reduced considerably before they go to Bcale on April 1. Persons who have horses engaged in the Sydney Gold Cap and are not satisfied with the weights allotted them can get out for 1 BOV., by declaring on Tuesday, March 14. The full programme of the Adelaide Racing Club is published this week. The meeting,, which is in May, will extend over four days, the 20th, 24th, 25th. a$d 27th May, thus em bracing two Saturdays. To the Queen's Birthday Cup the club adds 1,000 sovs.! Messrs. W. C. YuiUe and Son have adver tised the sale of Mr. F. H. Stubley's stud of thoroughbred horses, to be held at the Pas toral Hotel, on .Tuesday; Much 11. The liBt contains the names of the well-known horses Trout, -Comet, Red Deer, Prodigal, and Sterlingworth (imported), besides a num ber of well- bred young stock. Owners of horses are reminded that the entries fot the Lachlan Handicap close on Friday, March S, before 10 p.m. A very fib* oolt by Kingof the Ring from Calliope was on view at Kirk's Bazaar this week. . This is one of the moet upstanding of King of -the Ring's get we have seen. He is the property of Mr. J. Wagner, and is to be sent to Mr. Heywood's stable to be pie* pared for his racing career. ; Saunterer, The Drummer, and Vaucluse left Sydney yesterday for Melbourne in charge ofMonaghan. Owing to so many racing men and members of the ring being absent from Melbourne, there has not been much activity shown In the betting on the principal events in the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. For the Auttcallan Cup, Snwaroow has been backed fairly at 100 to 9. first Water comes next in public esti mation at 100 to 7 Hsapectaaand Saunterer are quoted" at thfc sitae prioe. Wellington has been backed at 100 to- 6, and .Elsinore has also been backed for . few centuries at 100, to 6; Royal Maid and' Sweet WUliain. are .quoted &t; the same pnoe. Wee^/KAm^iit a&a; Duchess are atlOO to 5. For tbeNowmairket Handi cap, Somerset ao&ltaGlttatfcayi; had som* Advent, Footatep, Lady BttflMhr BBg Ct>»rlo«, Ltudioe oott,- PMoariwm, fflie Hebrew, Jetoitte. 8*UoelI£s££fli»i' luid Sinking Fond. St. LvMEu King^Oirn, Ihb InaeUte, Henrietta, GUdjrt, Wc Lmm, Beta Ideal, and King |<iid. Bnmiwick SUkM-Baron von Xaetler.and The0*c> Sirta'Piodnoe Stdcee-Bwewing filly. New* market Handicap-A*pen, at 4 p.m. on the 21st inst .? 