HUSTLE THEM IN. Dedicated yto' the {Five-edit Lodging-houses!'. DY WILI, CAllLETON; ' , , -X^' ? : ' Hustlo tlicni in, jostlo thom in, Many of nation,- and divers of kin, 1 ? Sallow; and yollow, and tawny of skin— Hustlo them, bustle tlicm, jostlo thom inl Ilandfnla of withered but suffering clay, Swept from tho enst by oppression away ; Baffled adventurers, conquered and pressed Back from the gates of tho glittering West: . ' Men who havo struggled 'gainst Destiny's frown ' Inch after inch, till sho hunted tlicm down ; Men who with indolence, folly, and guilo Carelessly Blighted Prosperity's smilo. Scores in a tier — pilo them up horo — ' Many of peoples and divers ot kin ; Drift of tho nations, from far and from riearj '. .TTnKt.le f.lipm linstln flipm inqtln tlipni in 9 Islands of greon, mistily scon, Hover in visions thoso sleepers between ; . r Beautiful memories, cozy and clcan, ' Rcstfully precious, and sweetly serene, ; Womanly kisses have softened tho brow ; Lying in drunken bewilderment now : Infantile faces have cuddled for rest Here on this savago and rag-covcrcd breast. Lucky tlio wretch who in Poverty's ways, . -V: Boars not ilio burden of ' happier days' : ? ' Many a midnight is gloomier yet /: ' ? ' By tho romcuibranco of stars that havo set. , '?, Echoes of pain, drearily plain, Como of old melodies sweet and serene ; : . , ; Images sad to tho heart and, tho brain Rise out of memories cozy and greon., - - Hustle them in, bustle thom in, ? ?Pnliil witli ciitnW- nnrl rnnlrino with atri ?? Loaded with misery, folly, and Bin — ,-i. '. .. Hustlo them, bustle them, jostlo them, in 1 - Few are tho sorrows so hopelessly drear . But tlioy havo sad representatives horo ;: ? Novor a crimo so comploto and confessed But has como hither for 0110 night of rest, Seeds that tho thorns of diseases may bear ; Float on tho putrid and smoke-ladon air ; Ghosts of destruction aro haunting, cacli l™ntl-,. . Soft-stopping agonts, commissioned by Death Crowd them in rows, comrades or foes, ? ... ; Deadened with liquor and deafened with din,1 ? Fugitives out of tho frosts and tho snows,. Hustlo thom, hustle tlipm, jostlo them. in ! - Guilt has not pressed unto his breast All who aro taking this dingy unrest : v Innocence often is Misery's guest ; , ; - Sorrow may strike at tho brightest and best. : . .; You from whom hope, but not feeling,' lias fled,. This is your rofugo from pauperhood s bedj'-M. - ?; Timorous lad with a sensitive faco, ' ' ? ;:S;T ; You havo no record bf.criipo and disgrace; ? :.V ' % ?Weary old man with tho snow-driftod h'dir, ' , ' ' VS ;Not by your fault aro you goffering there,' ???'i'.''; .:;fi 'Nover a child of your cherishing nigh — ' ' ' --* 'Tis not for sin you so drearily dio. ??,' - '^'sV Pain, in all lands, smites with two hands ; Guilty and good may encounter tho tost ; . ^ ,- Misery's cord is of different strands; ' ? Sorrow may strike at tho brightest and bbst/ : Sympathy's tear, warm and sincoro, . . ' ' Can not but glisten whilo lingering near.' :: Edge not away, sir, in horror of fear ; ': ' Theso are your brothers — this family, horo ! Wliat if Misfortuno had mado you forlorn ? With hor stiletto as well as her scorn ? ' ? j What if somo fiend had been making-; you'. ' sure With moro temptation than flesh could en dure ? What if you deep in tho slums . had been v: born, Cradled in villainy, cliristoncd in scorn ? ? ? What if your toys had been tainted ;' witli ? crimo ? What if your baby hands dabbled in slime? - . : Judgo them with ruth. Maybe, in truth; '? It is not thoy, but their luck, that is hero. ' , : ; . Fancy your growth from a sin-nurturcd' youtli ; Pity their weakness, and givo tliom a tear, Help thom get out ; liolp'thom keep out ! k . Labor to tcacli them what life is about.; ' , ' Givo them a hand unencumbered with doubt Feed thom and clothe thom, but pilot them : ' out I e. ? ... 1. ...-1— j , ... ji ? i ? -i..;:.. uuuuLiiig iiiuiiiuft, wnuLo ui Liiey iiuvc uueu, Soonest can- mend from assistanco within Warm tlicm and fo6d thom — they're animals,' tlion; Teach thom and lovo thom — tlioy spring into men. ' You who 'mid luxuries cosily and grand Decorato homos with munificent hand, - Use, in somo measure, youroxquiaito firfcs For tho improvement of min'cla and of hear In. Jbilies must grow up from below ! 'Wherb tho strong rootlets aro twining about ; ' Goodness and honesty ever must flow From the heart-ccntrea— to blossom without. ? ^ ? ? ? - f Wouldst thou discover Nature's true path to happiness ? Listen to hor first command : Labor 1 Tho hours fly swiftly to him who lias daily occupation ; a lifotime crcop3 slowly away, with tho idle. — Leopold. - 272. 