ONOE IN A LIFETIME. (YoiUNG LADIES JOURNAL). I SCH.PTE Ii. "AzLMOST m~y last lesson, professor mine. Are you glad or sorry at the prospect of losing your troublesome pupil ? " " Glad, of course," I answer gruffly. "That passage is marked andante, Miss Dennison; you played it allegro." " Did I?" she says. "How very careless! And so you really are glad, L Mr. Hawthorne?" How fortunate it is that she does not look round, or she might see the pallor and misery on my face, -a I-stand behind her. t " Really and truly," I say,-. with a sudden, bitter laugh; and we-are nothe silent for a few moments, while Lottie plays, very incorrectly, a sonata of Beethoven's which she is learning. " Where do you go when you leave Shepton ?" I ask presently. "To Dennison." "To your own home? Are you glad to return there?" "Not at all. I hate it-it is the gloomiest place in the world.: I am sure it is haunted." "Haunted !" I .repeated, eagerly. "How do you mean?. Most old houses have legends, but I never heard of one belonging to Dennison." " Dennison is not such a wonderful place that you are not likely to have heard of it," she answers, calmly, thus making me aware of the foolish mis take I have made. "But it is not haunted by a ghost, Mr. Hawthorne- - it is haunted by memory." " By memory! How do you mean, Miss Dennison ? I understood from 8 you that you did not remember your 8 mother." " I did not say it was haunted for c me," she answers, petulantly. " I am not the only inmate of Dennison. There a is papa. You see," she continues, in a nmoment, finding I do not speak, "papa 1i always misses mamma when he is there; and not only does he miss mam- n ma, but he misses still more a third, or v fourth, or fifth cousin, whom he had g adopted, and whom he loved like his t own son." u "Yes," is all I can say as she pauses. Ii " Well he was a naughty boy, I sup pose, or he found Dennison awfully dull, ti which is quite likely, for he ran away n when he was about fifteen, and papa has never seen him since." g " Such ingratitude must surely have h alienated your father's affection," I say, o in a tremulous voice. t( "It ought to have done so," she a says, sadly; "hut it did not. Papa ih was very angry about it at first, and he ai married mamma to spite Godfrey, I di suppose; but I believe even now he sc loves him better than he loves me. He ai often thinks of him, although he never T mentions his name; but he haunts ci Dennison, 1 know. So often, when we P are there, I find him in his study, think- ( ing, oh! so deeply and sadly, and some- t( times he has a little miniature of Ia Godfrey on his desk before him." y I turned away from her with a stifled o0 exclamation of pain; my head swam, g my heart throbbed. I felt suffocated I and stifled. Was it-possible that I was tc still so fondly loved and remembered re after these long years of silence and D neglect? a, " What is the matter?" Lottie says, ai quickly, jumping up from the music I stool. "Oh! you are ill; let me get be you some water." to But I detain her gently. df "It is nothing," I falter, and still S holding her hand, lead her to the win dow, which I open, for we are in my se own old parlor, and the attendance of ni her maid has long been dispensed with bh as unnecessary. o There is a fresh breeze moving among W the trees, and as it steals in at the open u window and fans my temples, I am able r to smile at the anxious face of my m pupil. "I am all rightnnow," I say cheerily, "' "and to think, after this long separation, hi Colonel Dennison' still cares for his f ungrateful relative." hi "Yes, I am sure so.: You see he rc was like his own son, and people can- m not forget so easily when they have m once really loved," she answers, softly. " Besides, papa blames himself for his m departure; he opposed him in some great wish he had, and the boy ran nu away. Quant & moi. I hate"-stamp- at ing her little foot-" I hate Godfrey as Dennison." o "Poor' fellow! "I say with a faint th smile, " I pity him. Why do you hate him? , You have no cause to do so." H "HBave I not? When I see papa D miserable about him, how can I do any- h thing. else? I think," she adds, mus- ea ingly, " if I had been a boy he would not have felt it so bitterly. I might ad have taken Godfrey's place, bat as it is, a5 he has not only the bother of a foolish hi little daughter, bat he is anxious about the estates. He wishes them even now g to go to Godfrey Dennison if he can be C! found." H "And you ?" I say, faintly, for again fa the sick faintness steals over me,and I cc begin to realize dimly how the constant leI excitement and anxiety of the past hC weeks have weakened me. la "I shall have my mother's fortune," m she replies, very calmly. "That will more than suffice. But I am afraidyou le are really suffering, Mr. Hawthorne! it You look so pale ! " u "It is nothing," I say as calmly as I so can. "Do not be alarmed, my child. lii I shall be myself again in a moment." tb I turn from her to the window again; di the genereus love I have outraged fr mingles with a sudden passionate hope th that, as the heir to Dennison, I may I venture to hope that my suit might be ct successful; and while my heart is still cc throbbing at this thought, a fear comes th -a well-grounded fear, alas ! - that fo Walter Dennison may well refuse to to give his daughter to one who has af deceived him so utterly. Surely he ct will-what reason has he to think well gi of me ?-None! What reason to think y< ill ?-Many ! fo I turn away from the window, and bi cover my face with my hands; I am br unnerved and trembling. The reve- al lation of the love which I have spurned ci :iud cast aside has broken down my c pride. I forget the girl by my side; hi I remember only her father's old it affection for me-the happy boyhood fo at Dennison. By my own folly I have Ile forfeitel all chance, all hope of happi- is ness in the future, and I have deserved m my fat, w "What. is grieving you ?" says the girl's low, sweet voice. "Ah I tell me-is it anything I-can help ? Dear friend, I cannot bear to see you in such sorrow ! What is it ? Tell me-you t will tell me, will you not ?" She kneels down beside me, and lays her little hand tenderly on my arm. All my being thrills under this light touch of hers. I dare not look upon r her-I dare not listen to the pleading voice, lest I tell her how much I love her, and so lose her for ever; for does she niot hate Godfrey Dennison ? Seeing that f am silent, she says no more; but presently she brings me some: .water with a pretty, tender anxiety on her face, which makes me smile as I put the water to my lips, not because I need it, but because she wishes it. - _..'"Lam..sorry, because this is our last lesson," I tell her then. "I am goig. away." " Going away !" she repeats, wonder ingly, and the beautiful face paled. " Going away, where ?'. "I do not know; Iam restless.: L want change," I answer, hastily. "I am tired of Shepton." "Tired of Shepton ! Does" Mr. Audley know you are going-?" "Not yet ; but he will know shortly. Do not ask me any questio'ns, 'my child. Mine is a strange life, and no one will trouble whether I go or stay. Do' not let any shadow from my sorrow darken your brightness. You have made these last few weeks so pleasant, and for that I thank you ; I shall thank you to the end of my life." She looks at me wistfully-even the sweet lips are pale-and it seems as if she cannot speak, for she says nothing. " You must not be sorry," I tell her, with a smile. "Ali, here comes Par.-ozs to take you home. Good-bye, and Heaven bless you, Lottie. Forget me; or, if you think of me at all, let i it be kindly." I clasp her hands in mine for a moment, then I let her go, and stand watching her as she goes down the garden- path with her maid ; and I think that her step is slower than it usually is ; and she does not turn, as is her wont, to give me a parting smile. I As she disappears, I re-enter the house, I throw myself into a chair, and cover 1 my face with my hands. But I have not long to spare to my grief; the sudden idea of departure I have conceived I am going to carry 2 out, and in order to do so, I have much to do. The Rector was away, so I wrote a few lines, thanking him for a his uniform kindness and consideration, I and tendering my resignation. Having done this, I bethought myself that some substitute must be provided until another organist could be obtained. S There was only one person whom I I could think of capable of filling my p place, and that was one of the curates (Mr. Audley kept no I. ss than four, - to the intense satisfaction of the young ladies of his parish). He was a fine t young fellow, as yet only in deacon's orders; and I knew that he would grant me this favor. Not only would I ask him this, but I would entrust to his care a letter to Colonel Dennison, revealing my identity with Godfrey Dennison, entreating his forgiveness, it and begging him to forget my existence, l ar.d let the estate go to his daughter. t I would write the letter, I thought, before going to IIHugh Crosland, and take it with me, charging him not to y deliver it until I was many miles from a Shepton. It was no easy task the one I had set myself ; and although it had been noon when Lottie left me, the church- - bells, ringing out for evensong at five o'clock, still found me before my A writing-table, with my letter not only uncompleted, but scarcely begun. I rose, locked up my papers, and took my way for the last time to the church. Never had the beautiful old building seemed so stately or majestic; never had the notes of the organ seemed so full of beauty and sweetness; never had the words sung by the white robed choir, and spoken by the clergy man, appeared so full of sweetness as nOW. I performed my part mechanically my thoughts were far away, my heart was heavy and aching. Neither Lottie nor her father were at church, and the absence of the former was so ununsual as to cause comment; and as I passed out of the church, I heard one lady in K the porch say to another : " She is not well. I called at Grove House this afternoon, but Miss Dennison had been lying down; she had fainted in the morning, the servant said." And I went on my way with an added weight to my burden. I knew A she was not strong. Could my trouble have so affected her? Before leaving the church, I had gone into the vestry and asked Hugh Crosland if he could call at Church House in ablont an hour; I had a great al favor to ask him. He had promised to come. I hurried home to finish my letter to have it ready for him. Oh ! how difficult it was to write it; at last it was finished, and before writing my name, I read it over. "IF the name with which this letter is signed is remembered by you, it must be as the name of one who is ungrateful beyond all ingratitede, and S so deservedly detested. To add to the list of my faults towards you there is this: that I have wilfully deceived you during your visit here, by keeping from you the identity of Hawthorne, the organist, with Godfrey Dennison. I knew you at once-you were little changed; and I dared to win yoLr consideration, almost friendship, under the name I had assumed. Forgive me for this, as for the other sin of ingrati tude for your generous kindness and affection in bygone days. When my choice of a profession displeased you so greatly, and I left your honue, I loved you-I love you still-let this plead for me, if you are inclined to think bitterly of me. And not this only, but the fact that, since that time, although.I have followed my profession closely and assiduously, I have don nothing to stain your name, even--if-I a had retained it. I have -lived pootly a it may be, bat purely and blamelessly, for this, you may take my word. If I leave Shepton not to see you again, it is not because any disgrace clings to me, but because I feel too keenly my wrongs against you to meet you know Singly again. And if I have sinned against you, my sin hag borne its own punishment ; and my life, which h-ai hitherto been lonely but not- unhappy, must henceforth be shadowed by an unspeakable pain. I love. your daughter with the first and only love of my manhood ; and although .this love is hopeless, I cannot conquer it t Do not tell her this; I do not wish that the shadow of my trouble should fall upon her, for she has a tender heart; but for the sake of that love, grant me one thing. She told' me to day-dear child-that you intended Dennison to be mine still; let it not be so, I beg of you ; it is hers by every right, and some day, when some good man loves her, and becomes to you, through her, a son indeed, let them live .there with you, and leave it tot them when you g) hence. In that other world. perhaps we shall meet, and you will forgive me. Until then, 'forget, if you can, that the world still holds, . '- GODFREY DENNISON.' (To be continued.) 