WHEN THE SHIP COMES Ho ES . BY BESANT AND fIIOE. CHAPTER V. As organist of St. Ethelred's, Ruth had the privilego of practising in the church on such afternoons as were available. She used to secure the services of one of the younger Lemires, generally Charlotte, as blower; and it was at such times her rarest pleasure to sit before the grand old organ for long hours, playing till the evening shadows turned the obscurities of the old church into deep blackness, and softened the stiff outlines of the kneeling marble figures. St. E thelred's is a church spared by the great fire, and half-forgotten when it was a mark of grace to de'troy the images of the dead. Here he the mortal remains of many a dead lord mayor and alderman; here, kneeling gravely opposite each other, are the effigies of knight and dame; here is a crusader with his legs crossed; here is the mitred abbot, the crozier turned away from his face to mark that he was no bishop, 'but yet greater than bishop in the administration of his immense revenues; .here are monuments of all the centuries, from the fourteenth, stiff and mannered, but with lace-like delicate tracing, and 6fdted-vith bright colours, now all faded and forgotten, to the sprawling, tasteless tomb of the last century. There will be no more monuments in the old church, and in course of time the desecrating hand of the city architect will remove the venerable stones and the monuments to male room for a new street or to build now city oflices. But foremost among the tombs at presentis that of old Alderman Sowerbutts. St. Ethelred's is, as an uneducated describer might fairly put it, two churches side by side. The scanty congregation sit in the right-hand church, which faces the altar, and in the north side stand the tombs, except a few of the older ones, which are in the south wall. The tomb of Alderman Sowerbutts occupies a large part of the north aisle to itself. It is a striking monument, containing many tons of marble, and surrounided by gilt railings. The worthy alderman died in the year 1691, just about the period when benevolence, as shown in the establishment of alms - houses and institutions of charitable education, was invented. By his will he directed that the bulk of his fortune should be expended in the maintenance, first, of houses for the reception of twelve widows of liverymen from his own guild, and, secondly, of a school where twenty boys and twenty girls born in the parish of St. Ethelred should receive a sound Protestant education free of all charges. This was very noble, and pleased everybody, except the lawful heirs of Alddrman Sowerbutts, who for some generations afterwards gnashed their teeth when they passed the church of St. Ethelred. There:was another provision in the will of the testator, by which it was directed that the reetor of the parish, accompanied by his churchwardens, one of his trustees, the clerk, the schoolmaster, and six of the boys, should once a year visit the church, open the tomb, and satisfy themselves that he the deceased' aldermsn-was actually there. in the flesh, and not removed. Why this mortal dread of being taken out of the grave assailed the 'alderman it is impossible to explain. But 'the fact is so, and until a very few years ago the nunue l procession was made with great solemnity. The church o'14 as" it 'was, standing two feet beloct the 'street level, and four feet below;.thee level of its little church-yard,. piled lliili" ith"thl dust of five-and-twenty articulately-speaking generations, ,was Ruth Warneford's private sanctum when she could spare. an hour. She and little Charlotte, the lame girl, would sit in the quiet old place by themselves, alone and silent, watching the light from the painted windows play upon the deserted aisles, or talking in whispers, or the child would pump the bellows' while Ruth played. They let themselves into the church by the vestry-door, and were secure against any chance visitors, while the busy city rushed to and feo among the alleys outside. No rural corner of green England, no country church-yard in the wildest country district, could match the solitude and loneliness of this old city place of worship on any afternoon in the week. Stay-there was one visitor. Ruth Warneford kept her Saturday afternoons for organ practice; any otlier day's creedom was a holiday to be sure, but a holiday which"made an inroad into her 'slender purse. Twenty years ago the Saturday half-holiday was a tiring just beginning to be talked about. Shops would not hear of it; merchants, as a rule, thought it a robbery of time due to them. Clerks hardly hoped to get it. But there was one clerk at least, John Wybrow by name, a member of St. Ethelred's choir, who must have got his Saturday half-holiday regularly. He never' missed looking in at the church at four o'clock on that day, when Ruth was playing oyer the hymns for the next day's servicoi anmd poor little Charlotte sat behind. plying the "pirimcip-handle, with an attentive eye to the' position of the little ball sit the end.of the string, and listening while the roll of the mighty music echoed along the walls and high in the rafters of the roof. John"Wybrow came every Saturday for nearly a year. It was natural that he, being .a member of the choir,, and their most useful tenor-in fact, their only tenor' -should like to try. his part over before hand; and who so able to help him as the organist? The visit might therefore be regarded as official, and performed in' the discharge of duty, So far it was praise worthy. Ruth, who was not yet eighteen when she became organist at a salary of twenty pounds a year, at first regarded the appearance of the tenor, who was then about twenty-two, entirely in this light, being in no way put to confusion by the fact that he was young, good-looking, and of the op posite' sex. Ruth had nothing to do with the foolish thoughts which such a fortuitous concurrence of qualities too often engenders. Her life was full of real business. Then, when the exercises were finished, when Ruth hicd. played over two of her pieces, while 'bhcn Wybr'oW sat beside her and listened, what could be more in accordauce with tli..dictates, of natural politeness tlnm that ho should walk home with her, and help little Charlotte, who had to walk with a crutch, across the streets ? It wnis not far to the professor's, and Jolh Wybrow, having succeeded somehow in getting inside the house, grew to abuse ihis privilege by t"tayiog to tea every Saturday erening. The whole famiily of the Lemire's liked hin except one. Rupert, the eldest, for some reason of his own, chose to tako offenueat his coming, and, in confidence to Antoi" nette, expressed his conviction that Mr. Wybrow was a puppy. On those evenings this simple family got through their bread and butter and tea with mirth arid merriment. After the tea, of course, they would have a dance. None of your meaningless scampers a deux temps, as was then the new fashion in frivolous England. Not at all. The professor, with grave air, assumed a violin in plave of the usual kit, took up a position in the corner, and looking solemnly round, named the dances and tIe dancers. " Minuet do la Cour---Mr. Wybrow and Miss Warneford." Then would John Wyhrow, with Castilian courtesy, lead fluth, as grave es if she were dancing before a court, to her place, and with her go through the stately stops, while the children, seated round, criticised, not unkindly, but with severity. This was not a rehearsal, but a performance, and the professor permitted himself no observations. The minuet concluded, the performers sat down, amid a chorus of remarks and com mentaries. "Pus do fhscination-Mademoisello An toinette Lemire." Then would burst upon the ever-delighted gaze of the children their eldest sister, in a miraculous robe of white mustin, clad in which, as in a cloud of glory, she displayed miracles of art. There were no criticisms upon her, only a rapturous round of ap plause, when, with parted lips, bright eyes, and panting breath, she finished the last pirouette as gracefully as Fanny Elsler her self. "La Tarauntula-Monsieur Rupert Lo mire and Mademoiselle Antoinette Lemire." "Danse des Exilhs, Souvenir de la Roch elle.' This was a dance invented by the first Lemire who took to ths dancing profession. It was executed first in solo, and then in full chorus, hy the family altogether, assisted by Ruth and John Wybrow. Per haps this finished the performance; perhaps there was a simple waltz ; perhaps, too, at this juncture John Wybrow remembered that he had taken the liberty of ordering a few oysters for supper; the party finishing, as it began, in mirth and happiness, for Ruth was yet in that dreamy state of un calculating happiness-a happy fool's para dise of innocence-to awaken out of which is to realise one's humanity, with all its com plicated forces of past, present, and future, its dangers and its passions. John Wybrow," during all these times, never told the girl that he loved her. Yet his hand-pressure grow always warmer, his voice grew always softer, his eyes rested always longer upon Rutlh's fair head, and he became every week msore and more the brightness and joy of her life. If this does not constitute love on both sides, what does ? Yet tse girl never tshought of anything being said to alter the swestness of this innocent pastoral; and the youug man, for some reason, refrained from speaking the word which should break the spell. But the spell was broken, and rudely. It was a Saturday afternoon' in early autumn. The splondour of the season showed itself on country sides in: waving, fields .of ripened corne, in apple-orchards ruddy with their fruit, in woods where thd trees seemed to hang down their heavy, foliage in the still heat, .os if weary .&itli; excess of pleasure. In London it showed itself by hot and glaring streets; by an nouncements of: cool drinks in public houses; and by a smell as of an immhense bakery, where all the children's mstd-pies, the cabbage-stalks, the orange-peel, and the general refuse of a great city were cooked in one large oven. In tIe church of St. Ethselred it showed itself kby an sii:i wonted splendour of the painted glass. The colours which fell on the tombs and moniu ments were brighter than usual ; the knight and dame who kselt opposite to.each other, with hands clasped at head and foot of their common-grave; received the crimsonr'ays upon their heads, and lost for a while the rigidity by which their sculptor had tried to represent dignity. The sunlight played upon the organ beside the altar, anr fell in a eloud of colour upon the patient face of poor little Charlotte Lemire, who was left there alone thinking. On the steps of the organ loft sat, side by side, John Wybrow and Ruth 'Warneford. Mark that. he has not spoken a word of love, nor has she thought of love, ye6 they sit like loversr; osily not: hand-in-hand. The young man has been telling the girl of places which lie knows; not far away, where stretch meadows, covered with flowers from early spring to late autumn the goldens buttercup,, the neadov~-sweet, the wild convolviulus and the cowslip- where there are woods, and streams, and corn fields. " Some day, Ruth, we will go. and see them. Some day, when I am my own master." He added the last words under his breath. "Ah ls" she sighed, "I have no holidiay. It is wrong to be always wishing for things; but oh I John, I do someetimes long for a little change--just a few days in the country, such as I used to have when I was a little girl, before-long ago. It would be some thing to think of in the winter evenings, you see, especially if I thought I cosild go again." "Poor Ruth I Poor child I I wish I could do something for you; but I can not-yet. I am only a clerk now. Will you have a little more patience ? " "Now, sou will think I am complaining. But indeed, indeed I am not. I am very happy. I am sure I ought to be. Only now and then, when the sun is hot and the streets are close, and when young gentle men like Mr. John Wybrow tell me of beautiful places, where rich people can wander and see sweet things-why, then you see, it is hard not to feel a little, just a little, discontented. And if I am discon? tented what ought poor little Charlotte to be ?" " Poor Charlotte I " "Look at her, John. She will: sit there so long as 1 letl her. To he in the quiet church sbothes her nerves; the cannot searsthe noise of the other children-she is hapsliest hee'e. If I were a cripple,. do you think I shdould bl? so patient as hat poor child ?. "............. ..ta..oo Ruth shook her little head with a gesture of "elf-reproach. What further line the conversation might have taken cannot safely be asserted, be cause it was then interrupted by a great trampling of feet and.noise .of men in tho churchlporch. "It is the alderman's day,"' said Ruth. "Lotus sit here quietly, and we shall see it all. The railings of the tomb are opened." The doors were flung open, and there ,marched up the aisle a procesion. First came the beadle, with the gold stick of office. He was followed by the rector, in full canonicals. 'After him, somewhat marring the effect'by an ignoble lionp, came the clerk. After the clergy followed the laity, consisting of two trustees, the school master, and a tail of six boyso A stray gentleman, not belonging to the precession, came in after the rest; and at sight of him both the spectators on the steps of the oagan-loft started, and one of them, the young man, changed colour. " There is Mr. Baldwin, my benefactor," said Ruth, quietly. She did not look up, or she would have seen John Wybrow turn pale and then flush crimson. Mr. Baldwin, leaning on a stick, seemed to be watching the ceremony at the monument. This took ten minutes or so, when the procession re- formed, and marched solemnly out of the church again. An old woman, one of the alms-house widows, left the doors open for the stranger, who remained behind. Afr. Baldwin, who did not appear to be in! any hurry, began to look round the church, taking the monuments one by one. "I must wait till he comes this way and speak to him," said Ruth. John Wybrow bit his lips, but said nothing. He stood upright, arms folded, in an attitude which might have meant defiance. The old gentleman, adjusting his glasses, came slowly along the north wall, reading the inscriptions and looking at.the tombs. Ruth watched him with a smile of anuse?mn.t. ' ". .. . "How surprised he will be to see me here," she whispered. He was surprised. In his surprise he looked when he, came upon the pair from one to the other, dropping his glasses. "John I Ruth Warneford I .'" 'he said. " What is this ? what is this ? " Ruth stepped forward with a pretty laugh. " You are in my church, Mr. Baldwin," she said. "I am organist here." He lookedy more sgrprised than ever. "Explain this, John," he said, without enswering the girl. L :, ; " Then Ruth began to feel that thuf" ivas" something wroni, . "There is nothing to explain, sir," said John, "This is Miss Warneford, whom you. know. She, is organist at St. Ethelred's. I sing here in the choir." "So, isaid fr. Baldwin, ." that is all, is it? ".. . John Wybrow hesitated for a moment. Then he stepped forward to where Ruth was standing. , No, sir," he said; " that: is not all. This young lady knows me by my name, but she doss not know that I am your nephlew that fact I have never told .her. She learns it now for thefirst time.". ? You learn it," repeated Mr. Baldwin to Ruth, " foi.vhi fhist time 1" The words raig ein the girl sear lik 'a warning. " In your presence, sir, and in this sacred place, I venture to tell her also forle .first time that I love her."a , S"That you \~ove ?her I:' repe~ated45 1Ir, ltaldwm.e'~ He took a seat on the steps of the pulpit and looked at the girl with eyes of pity. "That you1|ovo5 her I 1'Poor irl I 'Poor girll ,.'? . I" ? . -," n And in y'our presence I ask her if she Gwill marry me. Ruth, dear Ruth, forgive this rough speech, buit my uncle forces"it upou me. I know your goodbai~1 yolh patience, and your trials. Come to ni',? my darling, and forget the trouble isi a husband's love. Ruth, come I" He had taken her by the hand and would have drawn her towards him, but she looked in Mr. Baldwin's face.: . '' "Your nephew ? " she faltered;. " My nephew," he'replied. ' Ruth, my darling, come I " ' , She ,might have. gone, she might have taken that single step and fallen upon the breast that was yearning for her but for the look in 'the old man's eyes. "Remember I " he said, solemnly. Ruth snatched her hand from her lover. "Do not remember," cried John, passion ately. " You have remembered long enough. It is cruel to remember longer. What has the past to do with the present ? " "Everything," said Mr. Baldwin, sadly -" everything. Ruth Warneford, I do not blame you. It is not your fault.that my nephew has met you. It is his that you did not know what' kind of conduct his has'been towards you." " What conduct his has been I " repeated the young man, fiercely. . . ... "Ask. that in ten. years" time. if. I am living and if you have found time to reflect. Girl I between you and my nephew there stands a ghost-the shadow., of. a. great wrong. "Alas I oL.knw it?" sobbed -Ruth, -"I know it."' , "There is no ghost. It is the dream'of a morbid.brain, dwelling toomuch on things long gone and forgotten," said the young man. "Ruth, come out of the shadow' into the light." ' "What was done by one of your blood eight years' ago separates you from toe and mine unto the third and fourth genera tion," said the old man. " What was done yesterday-matters no thing to- day," pleaded the young' man. "Ruth, do you think I have not known your story ? Long the tale of George Warneford has been familiar to me-since I was a boy at school. What has it to do with you and me, and with our love ? 2 "It stands between you," said his uncle. All the time Ruth looked steadily at the old mmiii. Thiie was sno hope there, only a stern justice, before which she trembled. " I have been kiind to you, Ruth Warne ford," he said; 'i'vhat the world. calls kind. But let that pass. Remember, however, that it pains me even to hear your name pronounced. I shall not relax in whatever help you may wat; but I ask you in re turn-it is a little thing-to send this young man away." A little thing I Why, all in a moment, when John took her hand in his, she knew that it was her life, her happiness, her all, that she was asked to give up. She made ito reply. " The idle attachments of youth," Mr. Baldwin went on, still sitting judicially on the pulpit-stairs, while the guilty pair stood before him, "the idle attachments of youth are quickly made and quickly forgotten. You will laugh at this in a month, Ruth." "Ruth I " the other pleaded, "Ruth, re member our happy days together in this old clhurch; our evenings at your home; the sweet talk that we have held together. Are these to go for nothing 2 " "What is love," asked the old man, " that it is to override the most sacred obli gations, and make duty a mockery ? Chil dren could you prosper with the memory of the past ever before you ?" " The past1 O, the past I Let the dead bury its dead," cried John. "Ruth, if you will be mine, we will turn our backs on this city aud its hateful memories; we will go to a new country where no one can reproach us ; we will live whore the firm of Batterick and Baldwin is not known." " Think of it, young lady," Mr. Baldwin said bitterly. "He is prepared to sacrifice his future and his own happiness, your future and your happiness-to say nothing of me-in order to gratify his whim. Yes, sir, a whim; the fancy for a pretty face. Pehaw, sir, what do you know about good ness? Do you think I don't know that this is a good girl ? Do you think I should treat her like this if I did not know it? " Ruth took the old man's hand. He stood up as if to receive her, and she laid her head upon his left arm; perhaps it was to hide her tears. "My mind is made up." she said. "John, Mr. Baldwin is right. I can never marry you. Heaven knows that until this day, even when I did not know that you were his nephew, I never thought of marrying you or anybody. What I now feel-that matters to no one "-she stopped herself proudly. "The disaster that fell upon me eight years ago is between us; we can never pass that barrier. Farewell, John, and try not to think of me any more-never any more." "Ruth,',' he said, "hear me again.. It is not my fault that this disaster fell upon you. It is not yours." "No," she cried; "it is the will of heaven, and we must bear it." "He turned fiercely upon his uncle. "You have robbed me of my wife, sir," he-said, "and you have lost you nephew. This day Ileave your firm. The partner ship that I was to have had on my next birthday-that partnershipon which I hoped to marry the sweetest and noblest girl in all the world-you may give to whom you please. Leave your money where you wish. I will never see or speak to you again unless it be .to take my bride from you." He walked half-down the church, leavng the girl clinging to his uncle's arm. Suddenly a thought stiuck him, and he returned. "Ruth," he said, with softenid votie, " in ,4his sacred place, before this altar, I have one more thing to say. In the years to come I shall wait for you. This foolish jaicy, the persuasion of this selfish old man woli would keep alive the miserable past to poison the present, who sacrifices two lives to gratify his revenge, will pass. I shall wait for you alone till I hear that I may come. Remember, I can marry no one but *you." He waited a moment for tn answer. The girl left her hold of Mr. Baldwin's arm, and moved to the altar. There she fell ,upon her knees and prayed. John Wybrow still waited. When she rose again her face was lit up by the light of the western window, which poured full upon her, by her hair lying loose about her head like an aureole, so that she looked as a saint might look. "When What is impossible becomes possible, John, when George Warneford's guilt is changed into innocence, I shall be free to marry you. And not till then." John Wybrow knelt at her feet and kissed her unresisting hand. Then he turned and strode out of the church. "Brave girl I brave girl I" cried Mr. Baldwin. - "Leave me in the church," she replied, faintly. "I go in and out of the vestry. door; leave me here. I have to think-to collect myself a little." The old man looked at her with eyes full of pity. - - - " Forget that headstrong boy," he said; "he will be sorry afterwards for what he said tb you as-well as to me. We cannot uIndo 'the past, Ruth, but we may fight it down. We must bear our punishment, but we may bear it worthily, until it becomes a crown of glory. You are a good girl." He left her. As he walked down the aisle Ruth might have noticed, had she looked up, that his form was bowed, and \- that he trembled as he went. But she did not look up. She stood still, clasping her hands before her; and when the church door shut with a clang, she fell down upon the steps weeping and sobbinig aloud. The cechoes .of. the many-raftered roof took up her crying, and from among the silent tombs, from the dim recesses of the darken ing church, there arose a voice and a whisper as of the dead, who weep with one who weeps. Then little Charlotte Lemire, who had been forgotten all this time, crept sorrowfully from her nook within the organ rails and sat down beside Ruth's head, waiting. , R Presently Ruth felt her little fingers about her, soothing and petting, and. she looked up. "Ruth, dear Ruth. 0 ! Ruth, what can I do 2 " cried the child. "Nothing, Lotty." Ruth arose and put on lier hat. "Lot us go. Please tell nobody anything at home, only that Mr. Wybrow will not come here any more, and that I have got a headache and am gone to bed." That Saturday night there was silence at the professor's. The violin was not brought out; nor was there any dancing; and the children were sent to bed early. Also Netty and Lotty spent the evening, as did their mother, in teare. CHcAPEER vI. It was almost two months after the dread ful day of St. Ethelred's, when the quiet of Yendo-street was disturbed by the clattering of a cab on the stones. It stopped at the professor's, and the occupants, consisting of a lady and gentleman, with an old man of seafaring aspect, knocked at the door. To Madame Lemire's intense surprise, they asked for lodgings. Lodgings! She remembered their first venture in that line of business, and went in search of the professor. The professor, then engaged in teaching the youngest, aged two and a half his earliest steps, also remembered that disastrous episode in their life, and hesitated. The lady, who was a young lady, spoke for the party. " We are easily satisfied," she said. "We shall want three bedrooms and a sitting room, but we require very little attendance. We will give you a reference to a respectable lawyer, and he will pay the rent for three months in advance." The professor looked at his wife- here was a chance-and the rent three months in advance I In five minutes the party was upstairs, and madame, with Nettie, was de vising means of stowing away the children. Meantime the professor went in search of the lawyer referred to. As for his lodgers who gave the name of Mr. and Miss Elwood and Mr. Croil-the lawyer knew all about Miss Elwood. The young lady's father had died in Australia, at the diggings. But his little house and garden, now in the centre of a city, suddenly became great, and sold for a large sum. Yes, Mr. Lemire might depend on Miss Elwood. It was odd that he named Miss Eiwood, and never spoke of her brother; but that, after all, was nothing; and the professor wentbackwith alight heart, and a full assurance of his rent for a whole year to come. He found Miss Elwoodsitting among the children, and at home with all of them ; and it was very funny, the children said, that when Ruth came in she knew her at once, and said, " You are Ruth Warns. ford," and then shook hands with her. Because, they said, how could she know Ruth, when she did not know Nettie ? In a few days the new lodgers were so far settled in the house that they seemed to form part of the family. The elder man, Croil by name-who slept on the second floor, and took two of the boys to share his room when he found they would otherwise have to sleep on the landings-was clearly an ancient mariner. He dressed in navy blue, and wore a fur cap of curious and sea going cut. He was a little man, with soft and dreamy eyes, of a light blue, and with a very quiet manner of speaking. He gene rally canried in his left hand a cake of to bacco, with an open knife in his right; and he out the tobacco slowly as he went. At regular intervals he smoked; once before breakfast, once after, once on the point of eight bells, once after dinner, once towards tea-time, and once after, once before supper, and once after. "But not," as he remarked to young Rupert Lemire, the eldeft-born, "not to be forever with a pipe in your mouth-as if you might be the stove of a lighter. That's not the way, my lad, for them as earns their bread upon blue water." H used the pavement of the street-at such times as it did not rain-for a promen ade or smoking saloon ; when it was wet, he betook himself to his own room-a place which the children soon learned to regard as the home of all unimaginable .delights; and they called him, after the first day, Ben, by his, special request. The last pipe of the day Ben took in the first floor front, with the other new members of the party. They were a quiet pair. The man, about thirty years of age, looked older, by reason of the scattered grey hairs in his full brown beard, and the crow's-feet round his eyes. Across his forehead nature, or some trouble, had drawn a long deep line; the hair had fallen on his temples, leaving a wide and open brow; his lips were flexible and mobile, but they were hidden by his heavy moustache and beard; his eyes were hazel, and had a dreamy far-off look, with a gaze as of one who waits and expects; his voice was low, and he spoke seldom. His sister, unlike him in face-so much unlike him that you would not have been able to trace even a faint family resemblance -resembled him in one respect, that her eyes, which were large and of a hazel tint, had the same far-off look, and, in repose, gazed out upon space like her brother's, as if waiting and expecting. She was tall, and of such a figure as the Graces love; her head, crowned with its glory of brown hair, was of such a shape as Canova would have desired for a model; her face outlined as if by some poet inspired with the sister art of painting. It was a face born for mirth and gaiety; but the gaiety had gone out of i,, and left it prematurely grave. A look of care dwelt upon it for ever, save when she turned her eyes upon:her brother, and then the sweet est smile lit up her features and effaced the lines of trouble round her mouth. Observant members of the Lemire house hold made out, in addition to their personal note, a few other prominent facts as regards their lodgers. One was that they seemed all three utterly careless as regards their food. On washing days, that is, on Mon day, Tuesday, and Wednesday,, when the mother of the family and the maid-of-all work were engaged with the linen of the household, they accepted, not murmuring, as weaker brethren murmur, cold boiled mutton, with or without potatoes; they drank nothing but tea, coffee, or milk, ex cept Ben, who, once a day, towards the evening, visited the nearest public-house with an empty pannikin, which he brought back full. They went out, the brother and sister, a good deal in the daytime, and at night they always sat side by side, with joined hands before the fire, looking into it. Ben Croil at such times sat with them, his legs gathered up under his chair, his head against the wall, sound asleep. Sometimes in the morning, too, the pair would sit silently for hours together. Once Rupert Lemire, the eldest son, heard the lady say, after one of their long silences: " George, if Boston Tom is living any where in the world we must find him. If he is dead, we must find who and what he was." And on another occasion, Nottie Lemiro, going to make the lodger's bed, saw her on her knees by the bedside in an agony of tears, crying passionately, "O, Lord I how long ?" (2b e onsned.) Au Ixus TI5AGEDY.-AR incident full of dramatic force, ending in murder, has been of late agitating Italy. A Count Alessandro Faella of Imola in the marches, was a nobleman without money, but with a mania for building. Faella was knovwn to be a man of violent temper, and the petty tradespeople seem to have been very much afraid of him. He had for friend a parish priest, Don Vigoilio Costa, who was a man of some means. Costa is described as having been of the people, and though a rough and awkward man, exceedingly charitable. Faelle and Costa were fast intimates. Last year the count built a small country house outside the Porte Bolognese of Imola. Just at the close of summer, when the house was finished, Count Faella ordered a cistern of peculiar construction to be built on his grounds, purporting that its use wais for cooling wine. dending away his houise servants, he ordered his laborers to bring him sacks of rice-husksfromlmola, a hurdle, and some thin pieces of wood. The count then dismissed all hands, only keeping in the house a single woman-servant. On the 12th of August last the priest in his cassock; was seen in the neighborhood of the count's grounds, and was not heard of afterwards. His sister, Guilia Costa, became uneasy about him. Then the sub-prefect of the town received an anonymous letter, made:. up of printed words taken from a pamphlet on locomotives. This document purported to come from Costa, stating that he was going to the end of the world to preachithe:!a gospel, and he might never return, and that le constituted his dear friend Count Faella "the sole executor for the benefit of the poor of Imola." This brought the coiintf under suspicion. The cistern was dxaminedg' and in it was found the remains bf the' priest. The well has been converted into a pitfall, and Costa had either been induced to step on the covering of it or had been pushed into it. It was a regular oubliette. Faella was taken into custody, protesting his innocence. It was discovered that he had forged bills, and he was indicted for murder and forgery. On the trial it was: found that twenty-threefraudulent bills had been issued by this precious rascal. It seems as if the trap was laid, not forbthe priest, but for another creditor. The 4ay before the trial the Countess Faslla called on her husband, and next morning he was* found dead, having poisoned himself. The whole story is of a kind one reads 6f iti a romance; but then, again, " truth is stranger than fiction." A TEN-MILE WALTZER.-At a public hall in Ithaca, New York State, Professor. L. Leo, a dancing-master, well-known in lthet"? part of the State, accomplished recently the task of waltzing ten miles without a moment's rest and without once breaking step. Leo had some months previously accomplished on a wager a waltz of five miles in fifty minutes, and he endeavoured to get up a competition between himself and other dancers, but without success. He then proposed that he would waltz ten miles in three hours. He did the feat and had,. fifteen minutes to spare. The waltzing. took place in journal hall, with county treasurer Geo. H. Northrup and. Geo. Spencer as judges. There were two or-. chestras, and several hundred spectators were present. A course was. marked .off requiring twenty-seven laps to the 'mile. At a quarter to nine the waltzing began, Professor Leo moving off with a lady partner, and from this time until 'midnight, exactly, the music and dancing continued incessantly. Whenever one orchestra lost their breath, the other took up the strain, and as one partner became exhausted an. other came forward. ', Thus sixty-seven' changes were made, and a dozen or more panting and tired young ladies and gentle. men sat down about the hall, but still the' untiring Leo kept waltzing on, gracefully and easily. His face was somewhat flushed, and he perspired very freely for the first hour, After that he went on with ap.' parent ease, singing much of the time iin unison with the music. At midnight the waltz had concluded, and Leo, instead of being completely exhausted, as it was feared he would be, seemed fresh and in high spirits. He said he felt finely, except that his arms were a little tired, and he believed he could have waltzed five miles further.-' American paper. CotouR HEAi.ni.-The expression "colour' hearing" has been applied, Public Opinion remarks, "to a phenomenon of which some few people are conscious, viz., an appear ance of certain colours accompanying the perception of notes or noises. In 1878 Eussbaumer described (in a Vienna medical paper) this double perception as he and his brother had. it, and Herren Bleuler and Lehman, in Zurich, have recently made a more systematic study of the subject. The colours associated with particular notes differ in different individuals. As a rule. the higher notes are accompanied bylighter colours, the lower by darker. Chords either cause the colours which correspond to their.' notes to appear side by side or give a mix ture of those colours. A'thorough musician who was examined perceived a distinct colour with each key, e.g., C major, grey; G flat major, reddish brown; A major, blue; ' A minor, lead colour; F sharp major,' yellow; and so on. The same note in different keys changes in colour according to the colour of the key in which it is found. 'T mrany persons, too, the !same piece played by different instruments ap. pears in different colours. Noises, iag~iun, are generally accompanied with colours, these being generally. of a grey or brown hue. Increased intensity of sound affects the colour perceived, and more so in the case of noise than in that of musical notes; in tihe latter the intensity of colour is in creased, in the former a transparent effect gives way in some measure to opacity. The authors pursue their studies into 'the colours some minds perceive on .hearhig consonants, vowels, diphthongs, words', &o.;, some of which cases seem to be explicable by direct ' association.' By four persons sound was perceived as a result'of sensa tions of light and colour-e.g. a broad, quietly-burning gas flame led to perception of a sound constructed of w and a light vowel like e. When the flame flickered the sound grew similar to 1. In colour-hearing' no essential difference between the two sexes has been demonstrated. Of seventy six 'colour-hearers,' fifty-nine, per cent. were males and forty-one per cent. females. The percentage of ' colour-hsarers' in '596 individuals examined was only 12.5. 'The , phenomenon is to a great degree hereditary." 