Jtyurtitrg patas, fa. RACING EVENTS TO COME ^uJ -C. Spring Meeting, September 2, 5, 7, 9 Palmer River Annual Meetinc. September H, 22 V^LT.C. MerffPC October 7, II _ V.KjC Spring Sleeting October 23, 31, Aovember 2. 4 Those who take an interest in the race meetings of the other colonies wiU not need to be reminded that the A. J.C. Spring Meeting commences to-day at Bandwick, to be con tinned, as usual, on Tuesday, Thnrsday, and Saturday of next week. Should the weather be propitious there is every reason to expect the great New- South Wales carnival will be eaaaJlv snccessfnl with former rears : indeed, the unprecedented number of entries for the varioqB events favours the hope that larger fields will see the post for the day is the Derby. For some weeks past there has been a coofiict of opinion as to the great gun, Segenhoe. Occasional]}' he has been credited with doing sensational gallops, and then again his work did not pleats tbe toots. Notwith standing the halo of mystery that surrounds tbe colt at present, he looks like a certain starter, in which case I shall pin my faith to him to carry off the bine ribbon ; and faffing his going for the honours hie etable companion Heda should do the trick. Of the other candidates, De Mestre'a best (probably Navigator) seems most deserving of confidence ; with Fandango or Jessie for tbe third place. To pot it shortly, I like them thus — Segeuboe 1, Jfari gator % Fandango 3. At the time of writing, the last forfeits for tbe Metropolitan Stakes have not been declared, over forty Dags stilt remaining on the list. From such a number, nearly all of whom ate reported as doing good work, it wOI be very difficult to spot the winner, though at present Lord Barghley, The Barber, Proctor, Sweet William, Snwarrow, Stinfl, Sardonyx, Strathearo, Lord Ocvflle, Masquerade, Brunette, and Britisher wonld seem likely to include the three placed horses. The very fast race Sting, M asqnercde, and Britisher ran for the Eawkes Irory Handicap covering tbe mile and frfllf in 2 mine. 36$ sees., shows thty are all possessed of great speed. Sting on that occasion defeated Masquerade by half a length, after a desperate nee, and as Mr. Rouse's horse will have to carry a 5-Ib. penalty, making his weight S et. 1 lb. for the Met, I can Bee no reason why Masquerade, fit and well, should not reverse the order of things at Randwick. Of the others, the Queensland er Proctor, not withstanding his Set. 7 lbs., does not read at oH like an outsider, and ghoald he retain his Queensland form I have great hopes Mr. M*GiU's grand horse will run into a place. Sir. De Mestre's best (probably Street William or Gadarz) should also be about at the finish, whilst either of the two sons of Tbe Barb — The Barber or Stratheani may split tbe leaden. I therefore place them — Masquerade 1, Sting 2, Proctor or De Mestre's best, 3 ; with a good outside shove for Britisher. A sporting friend aendB me the following tips lor the A. J.C. Derby and Metrop:— ' Derby .- Hon. James White's best Segenhoe or Hechv 1 ; Navigator, 2 ; Jessie, 3. Metrop : Street William, I ; Lord Barghley or the Barber for places ; ifaUght- woight commend T'°J)S-^f*STl''''^fr'f'''s^'^lffT* ' ^__Bnt— K^Ieinformation is to hand with -''reference to the hetting on tbe approach ing A. J. C. Derby and Metrop. Latest accounts show that Segenhoe was quoted at 5 to 4 for the bine nbbon^JaUBg-stoPa~at 3 to 1 lor tbe ^__^jl£L*»pulitan ;~S to 1 being offered against Masquerade and Britisher. Mr. M. H. Harris announces that a totalisa tor on the Metropolitan Stakes, to be run on Tuesday, will open at hia shop on Monday ; tickets 10s. each. The totaliaator will posi A tively close at half -past two o'clock on tfanBy / BMMaL tbe race being run soon after three ' o'clock. Though the weather was showery on Satur day last the special race meeting at Eagle Farm, under the auspices of the Q.T.C., paraed off very successfully, in the presence of a large number of spectators. Iu the Selling Race, which opened the business of the day. Czar, after a great race, defeated Nancy by a neck ; Reindeer third and President last The mile wae covered in 1 min. 51 sees. Blazeaway (10 et. II lbs.) won rather com lorUbW in the Hurdle Race, from Pastime {list. 1*0 lbs.) and Prophet (10 et.) thus placed. .Next came the Exhibition Handicap, all seven acceptors going the post. Rioter (7et. 9 lbs.) took up the running, but Mr. Mooney's fine colt soon gave place to Mooriad (7 at. Hlbs.) who favoured by his light weight made the pace a cracker. Legacy and Minimbah being in company. Mooriad and Legacy -7 st 2 lbs.) turned into tbe straight together, and a great race home resulted in favour of the son of Fenman by a neck ; Minimbah (9 st. 4 lbs.) was third. During the race NabockliBh fell, but fortunately -was uninjured. Mr. Jost'e Pinafore won the Corinthian Stakes comfortably from her stable companion, a colt by Maribyrnoag ont of Scraps ; Inspector third. In tbe Flying Handicap, Goertz' Eclipse (8 at. 2 Iba. ) defeated Rioter (' at. 7 Lbs. \ by A length ; Legacy 7 st. 7 Iba.) following the colt home. Time, 1 min. 21 sees. Seven nags went to the post to contest the Forced Handi cap, which Nabocklish (8 st. 10 lbs.) won easily from Mirabeau -S fit. 10 Urn.), Minimbah (9 st, 2 lbs.) third. Time, 2 mins, 17 sees. At the nettling the following were tbe princi pal cheqaes paid over :— Mr. A. Black, £81; Sir, J. CalUghan. £76 ; Mr. J. P. Jort. £65 ; Mr. E. Goertz, £43 ; Mr. J. Chappie, £40; &c; The Hawkesbury meeting was concluded on Saturday last under favourable auspices — fina weather, large attendance, and good raciriJT* The ball wag opened with the Mares1 Produce Stakes, ffhich Heel* won very comfortably from Hastings (by Wilberforce— Caiiotta) ; Eva third. The mile and a quarter was covered in 2 m^n*. 13i sees. Next came the event of the day — the Grand Handicap. No less thaa twenty-one naga weighed out for the coveted trophy. Morpetb assumed the lead soon after the start, and passing the Btand in that position still farther increased it until approaching the back of the coarse, he was ten lengths in front of Brian O'Lynn, who in torn was four lengths in front of Prim* Doooa. Here the field began to close op, and at the half-mile post Masquerade, Comet, and others closed on the leaders. At the distance post Masquerade (6 st. 2 lbs.) was in front, when Sting (8 st.) came with a great nub, and a grand race home ended in favour of Sting by half a length ; Masquerade was second two lengths in front of Britisher (7 st.) The time is given as 2 mins. 36J sees., which is Xi sec faster than the best previous authenticated mile and a-balf run in Australia. Sting is a chestnut four-year- old entire by Grandmaster (imp.) out of Queen Bee, and, I believe, out of ten starts has been beaten once only. Masquerade is an aged gelding by The Drummer oat of Romping Girl ; Britisher a four-year-old gelding by John Bull (imp.) out of Favourite. In the Two-year-old Stakes the field got a bad start, and the winner turned up in Kingsdale (by Maribyrnong out of Roeedale). who easily defeated Morceau and Annie. The three furlongs were traversed in 37 sees. Venice succeeded in putting the Members' Handicap to bis owner's credit, beating Saiooara and Malta by two lengths, in I min. 37| sees. The veteran Bob Sawyer took the Prince of Wales' Stakes from the unlucky West Country Dick ; Modesty third. Time, I min. 17 sees. The concluding event —tbe Turf Club Handicap— enabled Kings K-ortb (by Barbarian oat of a Kingston mare) to distinguish himself, quilting Balthazar easily by three lengths ; Comet third. Time, 2 min. UJ sees. A very successful meet, under the aospicies of the V.A.T.G* was held at Caul Geld on the 19th. Five-and -twenty twoyear olds weighed out for the Sapling Stakes, a three furlong spin. Mr. D. S. Wallace's Duenna (by Lecturer — Signora) was most in favour at 7 to 1. This confidence was not misplaced, for ebe won easily by three quarters of a length from King of tbe Forest (by King Cole); Honora (Hawthoruden) third. Time. 40eecs. Rhesus (10 st. 12 lbs.) won the Hurdle Race cleverly from Merry Maid (9 et) who ran round a fence, and ebe and her rider were disqualified for' twelve months for not pulling up. Dhurringile (12 st. 5 lbs.) was third. The Challenge Cap went to Glowlight, who was followed home by Chimney Sweep and Highflyer. The Ghost won the £100 Selling Race easily from Respite and Scipio, but as be was entered to be sold for i.;l and was bought in for £100, it did not seem a very profitable win. Toe Grand Nations! Steeplechase was won. very easily by Left Bower (11 st. 12 lbs.); Chrysalis {10 st. 12 lbs.) second, and Jack ScasdilUOst) third. There were fourteen starters. Time, 5 min. 45 sees., the distance being two and a-balf miles. The Flat Race, won by Don Quixote (12 st), from Flambeau (10 st. 7 lbs.) and The British Lion (10 et. S lbs.), closed the meeting. I am informed that Mr. Morgan has sold his stallion Prince Imperial, at a satisfactory figure, to the breeder of the horse's dam. The Prince is by Epigram out of Eugene, and wfll be used for stud purposes in the Clarence dia -tricy ^Thetstone, a fine powerful three-year-old by Laureate out of Wheatsheai, recently pur chased by Mr. J. Fenwickfor Mr. P. F. Msc donald, of Yaamba, arrived from Brisbane during the week. vTbetsone has been pur chased for siud yarpxtt^8 '* *&& being a grandly bred horse should make a name for himself if mated with euitablo mares. ' Hermit, ' of the Queetislander. states that Messrs. Morehead and Co., early last week, sold two or three lots of the Grange stud. Whetstone, by Laureate out of VTbeatsheaL was sold to Mr. J. Fed wick for 400 guineas ; Wheatmeat, by Melbourne out of WheatBheaf, a two-year-old, was purchased by Mr. James WfllUma (owner of Melbourne) for 430 guineas ; Olivia went to Mr. Hatfield for 200 guineas. Several other lots were passed in. The following is from the Toviixrille BuUftui :— ' Poor old Jimmy Cunningham, * the hero of a hundred fights,1 has got into s good billet at last, Mr. Sin yt he having secured his services for three mouths (with hard labour). No doubt this will sober him a little. Old Jimmy has been a fine horseman, and one of the best finishers I ever witnessed, particularly when riding a tiring horse.' Mr. Thomas Hatfield, of Flears, Clermont* is so pleased with the capabilities of The Rake, pnrchased by biro conte time a£O from Mr. Donne, that he has wisely resolved to pur chase a few fashionably bred mares to mate \rith the handsome eon of MaribyrnoQg. To this end he has bought the Grange-bred mare Olivia, by Lanreate ont of Olive, by Orest, &c;, for the comparatively small sum of 300 guineas. Olivia arrived in Bockfaampton at the beginning of tbe week, but being oat of condition does Dot show to any advantage. She was stinted to Epigram last season, but is not in foal. A handicap sweepstake of £10 each was ran on Thursday at Eagle Farm between fire nags engaged at the late Exhibition meeting. After a desperate race between Legacy (7 «t. 10 lbs.) and Uoorlad (Sit.), the former woo. by half a head; Czar (7 aL 4 lbs.) was third. ** Hermit ' says : — ' Oentnrion has been taken ont of work, and be returned to Kooralbyn, on the Logan, last week, where be will shortly resume bis stud daties. He ii looking very well, and was evidently begin ning to run into condition, so that it almost seems a pity that he was not persevered with a little longer.'' Mr. Savill has arrived safely at Flemiugtoa with. Savanaka, First Water, Prometheus, Tbe Assyrian, The Hebrew, Delusion, Foot step, and Laplander (a two-year-old) by Tbe Englishman oat at Tinfioder. They are quartered at the Pastoral Hotel. The 6ne steeplechaser Himalaya, who was severely hurt by a fall in the lute V.B.G Grand National Steeplechase, has been de stroyed,. there being no hope of bi« recovery. Himalaya was an aged grev gelding by Glaucns, and one of the best cross-country weight carriers ever bred in Australia. Yeso. 