EDWIN BOOTH'S COMPANY IN A FIX. A correspondent, writing from New Haven, Connecticut, on November 30, say? " I send you a hurried line to tell yon of the funniest performances imaginable. This week wo are playing in one night towns, and we left New York yesterday morning for Waterbury, with tho intention of playing 1 Kicheliea' in the evening, / a wo rode from the little railway station up to our hotel wo observed how ex cellently wo were bilUd, and, as wo had heard that the advanco booking wus great, we anticipated a very fino house. Every* thing looked promising until the luet moment, when it was discovered that our baggag«*. which comprised our wardrobe ani pro* perties, and which hud been despatched early on Sunday morning from B.iUitnur<v had somewhat gone astray on the road, and was miles away from the company. What was to be done? A dismissal appeared certain, substituted for the play urmouoc.d were sug gested, but wo were destitute'of dresses and props. At 7.30 tho theatre was crowded, i'uiictuullj to time tho curt'in was raised, dis closinsr to tho ostocishtd audience 'dr. Booth and tho entire company in their ordinary travelling dress. Mr. Booth appealed to the audience apologetically, stated brnily the siiu ation, and offered, iustead of ' Itichelicu," to go through the firet three acts of 1 Iiainlet,' if they would ovirl ok the 4 thflin •' in;ic *n ractea of costume. The upplaiue with which this little sp<ccb was received testified to the good temper* of the audienco, and in a few mizmtts tho play began. Horatio appeared in the first scene in u monks) jacket and round felt hat, while Hamlet, iu a cut-away coat, upo&tropbinirg; his father's ghost, who was clod in light twecu trousers nnd stand up collar with a bold face, was something to remember. Miss Bella Paicman, as Ophelia, appeared in u dark brown travelling dre6s, em belliehfd at tho last moment with a cloud of White lace purchused at a t eighbouring eloro Latrlct wi.ro a blue pilot suit, aud looked like tho captain of n river steamer, while Polonius looked eminently clerical in u iluck fr< ck coat, and, for lack of the necessary requisite*, ap peared* without bis. traditional beard. There ^as no porsihility of4 making up' for tho parts, and the King of Denmark, with a dark moustache and clad in a forty dollar sporting suit, looked like Bob Jnckett, more on the spree than ever. The evening's tntertainmont concluded with 1 The Quiet Family/ in which tho Royal Court of Denmark ugain appeared under other names, but in the same ooBtumes. From tho applauso with which the entertainment was received, it was evident tho audience did not share the distress of the actors placed so unexpectedly in a position both embarrassing and novel. Very few comparatively asked for the return of their money, and we leave tho town richer by a thousand dollars, netted by a performance which, for originality, has perhaps not been equalled in this generation." 