SHANDON BELLS.' Bv WILLIAM BLACK, Author op " Maoi.eod op Dare," io. &a.; Chapter XXIY-— Alose. Next morning tho littlo old gontioman with tho driod-up faco and tho brown wig was standing- in tho verandah outsido tho hotel when tho Boat of Garry carriage — a largo opon landau, with a pair of smart-looking greys— drove up to the door, and Fitzgerald came out. Mastor Willio, who- had been taught by John Ross to obsorvo tho ex pressions of tho human faco as closely as tho colors of paintings and Cholsoa cabbage- gardon Published by special arraugemouts with tho author All rights rw"— J iiiatantly perceived that his friond and patron of tbo preceding evening was surprised — more than that, that he seemed to haro soma misgiving. "This isn't newspaper work I am engaged on at present, "'said thoyonngor man promptly, as his luggage was being handed up to the coach man- on the box.' "lam going as a sort of land agent or surveyor, to seo whether a house and a 'hooting down hero aro all right, before thoy aro offered to a tenant." -."'"011, I.eoo," tbo old gontlcman remarked, as IiO'Bdahned tlio turn-out. " Ho won't find fault with the carriage; at all ovonts. A landau is tho propor sort of ' carriage for this changeable sort of climate ; but heavy, eh, on the hilly roads ?" Thoy seem a strong pair of bcast3, though." VGooi-byo," said Fitzgerald, as ho shook bands with him. "If ever I haro tho courago to try tho newspapers again, I may make use of the note .of introduction you were kind enough to giro me." "It will he an easier experiment than going out to Nebraska for your 100 acres of land,.eb ? D'ou'.t you tbink so I" . : . Then Fitzgerald got into tho landau ; and when tho near horse (whose name he afterwards dis covered to bo Wellington) had roared and pranced on> the ground for a bit, off went both of them liko a bolt from a bow, apparently well accus tomed to the weight of this spacious carriage. Tho morning was fine, though there wns a strange . luminous opacity in tho air— a sort of thin aoa- fog sulTusod with sunlight— that hung over the woods and hiils liko a tendor bridal veil. Tho air.wns soft to tho checks ; the warm wind was from, tho south. If this were to he banishment, it was banishment to a very beautiful and gra cious-part of the world; And, indeed, as Fitzgerald lay back in tbesoft bluo-cushioned carriago, he had an uneasy senso that the whole performance, was very much liko jetting a.beggar on horseback. Ho regarded the lwo white buttons on tho brown coat of tbo loachman ; and wondered wbothor he could not induce the human being within that garment to ' bo a little more companionable, and loss olnboratcly respectful; So ho liit on the device of adding: a trifle to bis Irish accent,; and he perceived that, by slow degroos, the coachman, who was a good-looking man of abcut thirty, per mitted a more friendly look to como into his oyes when. . answering questions. At last Fitzgerald said to him — . " What is your name, now ?' "Murtough Dunno, sorr." " But what do they generally call you.?" . f'Murtougb,- sorri" . , "Very well, then,. Hiirtough ; you stop' tho- horses, fora minute, and I'll got out and come up ohltbo box; fori I, want you tell me about the country." ; "As yeplase, sorr." ' _So -Fitzgerald got up on the box ; but ho knew better, than to begin on the subject of topography. Ho.praised the look of the greys. Wellington, hie' discovered; was tho showier of the two, and aiwnys mado a fuss about starting ; but Dan was tlie one for real hard work. Dan bad taken tho dog cart 00 miles in one day — over bad coun try — and was as fresh as paint after it. Dan was bis bonor's favorito. But indeed— as appeared from -hints- continually cropping up in this desul tory talk about horses, and carriages, and hay, . and' shooting parties; and what not— his honor, that is to say, tho late owner of the place, scorned to have had a great many favorites, both among the human beings and the animals around him, and to have loft behind him a reputation for- constant kindness and consideration. He wm quick-tempered, ft appeared; but his wrath was' over with' a word ; and there was nothing tbq peoplo round about would not do to serve lliiniand to please him. "That mado it easy for "the keeper, then ?" said Fitzgerald. "No trampling of nests in the spring — no chasing of lercrets by tho dogs ?" ."Truo for you, sorr," said- , the coachman. "Tlioro was John O'Leary, up nt.tho Knockgar- van farm,, and ..lie had a dog— sure, sir, there never was sucli a. rascal for hunting, and worry-- ing, and slitaling— both bird and basto. What does ha do but bring down, the dog, wid a string round bis nook, and tics him iip in the yard, and laves word for his honor to shoot him or drown him as lie piased. ' Bedad,' says Micky — — " But' who. is tricky ?" "Sure tho keeper, sorr! 'Bedad,' says ho, ' his honor will do noithor tho one nor tho other whin ho eomcs home ; and wid your lave I'll get rid. of the baste mysilf.' " ."And I suppose tho gentleman np at Knock- gdrvan expected a little compensation!" Fitz gerald said, suspiciously. Murtough grinned, and said nothing. "How much was it!" " I link it. was treo pounds, sorr, his honor gava him, and tho cur not worth tho sound of a sixpence!" . In Uiis way Fitzgerald managed to obtain a'largo amount of information about Boat of Garry and its. neighborhood ; and the long drive— through occasional woods, or along high and stony hill roads, with nlwaystho far Atlantic in the south— was. rendered, cheerful enough, IIo mado it a matter of business to obtain these particulars. Ho had undertaken a commission, as it were. And ho tried hard to derote his whole timo and thinking to this duty, so that amongst inquiries about tho pr'co of oats, and tho probablo intro duction of hay drying mnehines, and tlio diffe rent kinds of nails for horseshoes, and so forth, Other and less .inimofliato things might bo defi nitely shut out and forgotten. Was not this a new and strnngo cxperionco for him— io bo in stalled us tho master of a houso that ho had never seen? How would ho get on with tho other people about? This man seemed civil and Iioncst, and was now rather moro friendly, whilo always preserving a careful respect. And ho could- report that ho, at least, had not been neg- loctful. of his duties ; tho horses seemed in ex cellent condition ; tho metal of tho harness was brilliantly polishod ; the carriago throughout was as spick and span as it could bo — much moro so . til All' is at- all common with carriages in remote parts; of tho country whoro they got rough, and constant usage. ;Ey-and-by, howovor, tho sunlight seemed- to Yifckdraw itself from the thin mist ; it grow darkor a littlo ; then tho moisture in tho air was felt in points ; at last a fino rain began to fall. "Will your honor bo for going inside now !" llurtough asked. " Oh, no," was tho answer. " Bat I will hold tho reins whilo you closo tho carriago. I know tho south of Ireland. Besides, I hare a water proof." And very soon ho had to put on that water proof, for tlio soft small rain now fell steadily, and tho outlines of tho hills and tho roaches of tho lako were blurred over or nltogothor invi sible, and tho skies wore growing dark. Mur tough had a waterproof also ; but' ho did not scorn to think this rain sufficient to injure his livery. So Hie pair of greys trotted on monoto nously, or splashed through puddlos ; and tho rain fell more slightly or more closely as tho clouds came drifting over from the hills ; and all tho time Fitzgerald was interesting himself in particulars about tho Boat of Garry household or askiug tho name of this or that feature in tlio over changing and widoning and dripping land scape. At length there was a sharp dip down from tho high road, and tliey passed through an avonuo of trees. Here tho landau dragged heavily through tlio mud, and there was a pattering of big rain drops from tho branches. Then they swung into tho open again, passed through an open iron gate, drove briskly along a pathway of wot gra- vol, nnd drew up at tho door of tho houso of which Fitzgerald was to bo tho temporary mas ter. It was a plain, square, two-storied building, with an unprotontious porch of wood and glass. Tho shrubbery around and tho bit of lawn looked trim and well cared, for ; there was no sign of neglect about the place. And1 when, leaving his dripping waterproof in the porch, ho walked into tho hall, and' then into tho dining room (where there was a fire, despite tlio fact that tho wea ther had boon unusually warm, oven for the first wook in June), everything around seemed neat and clean and well looked after. There was not the slightest air of neglect about tho place ; on the contrary, one would have expected a trim house-mistress to raako her appearance to wcl- como tho visitor. Tbcro wore preparations for lunohoon on tho tablo. There was a pair of slippers on tho fonder. Beside tho easy chair at the corner of tho fircplaeo stood a smaller tablo, on which some books and old magazines wore methodically arranged. " I beg your pardon, sir," some one said at tho ;door. \- The voice sent tho blood to hi3 lioart— it was 'so liko another voieo that lie now regarded as being beyond- tho grave. He turned quickly. Bnt this person was merely a quiet- looking, rather pretty young woman of about six or eight- and-twonty, whoso black hair and bluo oyes mado him conclude sho was Irish. But then he re- coileotod. Was not this tho English maid whom her Icliow-servants, according to Mrs. Cbetwynd,. had considered to have made such a frightful mi salliance in marrying tho good-natured Irish coachman ? "I beg your pardon, sir," said she, in very pretty English, "I was having your things taken ; upstairs, " Would you please to havo luncheon .now?" "Oh. yes," ho said,- "anytime. Iaminno hurry." "I hope you will find everything to your satis- , faction, sir " " Ob,. I am sure of that. I am not particular." " If yon would be so kind as to tell meany- : thing you. would like different, wo conld get it. I Wo have had two letters from Mrs. Chetwynd, :sir; and Mr. M'Goe has been hero several , times. I hope yon will bo comfortable, sir." i "Oh, no doubt, no donbt. Yon are Mrs. — -Mrs. Dunns, I suppose?" " Yes, sir. My husband said this morning ho . thought it would rain ; and so I had tho fire lit, sir, in case yon might havo soma things damp." "Oh, thank you, hut I don't tbink there will be any need to keep up tho fire, . in this warm weather." "Thank you, sir," saidsho, and withdrew. He went to tho window. It was a pretty place, dospito tho wet. It was so quiet and still that yon could not woll toll whether the continuous " sk — s'i—sh" outside was the falling of rain or tho murmur of the brooklet that splashed along unseen behind the bushes at the foot of tho lawn. Tho rain, too, had mado ovory thing look even mora richly green than it normally is at this timo of the year— from tho luxuriant rhododen drons, whose glossy star-liko loaves were all shin ing wet, to tho belt of trees, maplo and chestnut, and ash, that made a eirclo round tho placo. But through theso trees thoro were spneious openings ; and through somo you looked in 'ono direction over broad meadows and one or two patches of wood, whilo in another direction a bread palo silver streak between tho foliage showed where tbo shallow waters of a creek camo up from Bantry Bay. And always, in this loneliness, was the murmur of tho rain, rising a little as tho wind 8tirreJ in the branches, and then again subsid ing into a sort of semi-silcnco, in which ono could hear tbo sharp twittering of birds or tho lowing . of kino at somo distant farm. Again tbcro was a knock at the door, and he started. Ho wished this woman's voice had not that peculiar tone in it. Ho wishod she had the croak of a raven. Was it not enough that this soft veil of rain was but as a screen that sccinod to liido behind it the fancies and visions and pic tures of other days ? That is the saddest thing about rain ; it makos tbo landscape look far away ; it invites tho imagination ; tho world : looks vague— just as tho ghost of a woman's face may look, if yon think of it, through tears. " Como in," said ho, sharply. It was Mrs. Dunno, and thoro was an older woman visible— bringing somo things to a tablo in tho ball. Ho turned to tho window again, Presently that pretty, startling voice said — " Luncheon is sorved, sir." " Tiiank you," said ho, thinking sho would go. Sho remained, however, standing behind tho empty chair. He went and took his seat. " I bog your pardon, sir," sho said, " but will you havo champagno or claret ? I. have not opened the bottle yet, Mr. Frank had sometimes tbo one and sometimes the other." At this Fitzgerald blushed, liko a schoolboy. How could ho- explain to her that ho won not Mr. Frank, that he was much moro of a fellow servant with- herself ? It was clear that these in structions from -Mrs. Chetwynd' and from Mr. M'Gco were putting him into an nltogothor false- position. " But I am not at all used to such luxury; Mrs. Dunne," said ho, good-naturedly. "Is there any beer in the house?" " Oh, yes, sir, I will fctoh some. And thoy call mo Kate, sir." When she returned with tho ale,, and put- it on the tablo, lio said (withont looking up) — " Thank you, Mra.— Mra. Dunno— that is, if yon don't mind — if it is the snmo to yon — to have that namo, from a stranger, yon know. And I wonld not trouble you to wait. I am sure there is everything here. If I want anything, I will ring." " Thank yon, sir," said she, with tho samo pretty politeness, and then she stirred tho fire, and left the room. As ho sat, moodily and dreamily, at this far too copious banquet, it sooincd to him— or porhaps it was only a bit of sarcastic phantasy that ho played with— that women were by nature really kind, and thoughtful, and considerate, so long as you had nothing to do witli their affections, when thoy wore as tho tigors that slay. Think of Mrs. Chotwynd's solicitude about his welfare, hor re peated injunctions; tho proofs being visiblo on tho tablo hero, at this ordinary mid-day' moal. lie, as well as any, and hotter than most, knew with what trouble or oven dffliculty many of tlicso things anust havo been procured at a romoto country houso in tho south of Ireland. . Think of tho anxious kindness of this poor creature who would havo liim considor himself quito as much at homo as Mr. Frank. Kitty, oven, wliou her heart had gono away from him, when her oyes wore smiling only to docoivo him and got rid of him, sho must needs rob herself of half her night's rest for the purposo of cooking, nnd come rushing and panting to tho station with tho salad that hor own hands had dressed. That was tho mission of womon, then? Thoro thoy found thomselves at homo,- woro natural and trust worthy? There thoy were truest to themselves? It was an odd theory — but ho loft tho food boforo him almost untouched and wont to tho easy ohair and lit a pipe, but soon dropped that on tho floor and went fast asleep, for ho had not closed his eyes tho wholo of tho previous night. Ho was awakened by Kitty's voice (as lie thought in his dreams) and ho sprang to his foot with his faoo whito. " Oh, I bog your pardon, sir," said tho English maid servant, about to withdraw. " No, no ; what is it, Mrs. Dunne ? Do you want to tako away the things ?" " It is only Mickio, tho keeper, sir, who would liko to soo yon, sir; Bat any timo will bo con venient — "Where is ho?" " In tho kitchen, sir." " Toil him to como along now, and wo will go and havo a look at tho kennel." " Very well, sir." Mickio, or Mick, as he was gonorally callod, proved to be a smart looking, clean built young fellow of about two and twenty, with roddish- yollow hair, ruddy brown eyes, and a face that could oxpress moro than his tongue. For ho had come from one of the westernmost ' districts in Kerry, and his English was somewhat scant. Fitzgorald, on tho other hand, had almost for gotten what littlo Irish he ever know ; so that the conversation that now ensned in the hall, about cartridges, and the cleaning of guns, nnd what not, was conducted with a good deal of- guessing on both sides. Howover, Mick showed himself shrewd enough, ho qnito understood Fitzgerald's monitions about tho importanco of keeping on good terms with the farmers and shepherds around ; and when, in tho little gun room, thoy turned over tho various drawera and cases and so forth— sad enough relics thoso woro of tho dead man— it was very clear ho had dono his host to master his trado. Tho guns had boon beautifully cioancd, and carefully oiled nnd put away. Such cartridges as woro thoro wore well mado. Not only that, but somo sea birds stuck up along tho wall were of Mick's own stuffing and thoy were very fairly done, consi dering tho difficulty of tho performance. Master Willie had found a companion just to his mind. " Tlio loicenco, sir ?" said Mick, as if his' clear brown eyes conveyed all tbo rest of tbo question. " Yob, what?" " 'Twas Mistlier M'Geo was axing would it ho a gun loicenco or a kapor's loiconco. ho was to be getting for mo." " What had you boforo?" . " Suro I had the kapor's loicenco ; but Mistlier M'Goo was saying mobbo you'd bo Bhooting all tbo toimo yoursolf, sir, and what would I bo after; wanting the game loicenco for?" " What did you uso it for before ?" But this took Mick somo timo to explain, tho fact boing that " his honor," as ovory ono oxccpt tho English maid servant called young Chotwynd, had been away frequently during the shooting season, and on that account the keeoper had had a licenco to kill game, so that an occasional hamper could ho sent to London. Fitzgerald said ho would havo to settle that matter afterwards - and together they set out for tho kennel— through the silent thin wet that seomod to hang in tho atmosphere liko a vapor. Ho spent about an hour in the kennel nnd stable, and then returned to tho solitary ream, and got a book, and sat down to read in tho molanoholy Bilonco of tho rain. Bnt ho was rest less. Tho typo before him got into a fashion of fading away, and pictures formed themselves in its stead. This would not do. Ho threw down tho book and wont out, .nnd put on his shooting boots nnd loggings and waterproof. Then ho got oat tho fishing rod ho ' had brought with him, and jointed it together on the lawn. Thou ho got his fly book, and chose indifferently tho first cast that camo to hand, which ho twistod round his hat. Thus equipped lio set forth through the shrubbery, and mado bis way to tho side of tho small but rapid stream that camo down from tho hills through tho valloy to the salt water of the bay. Ho had not stayod to ask what cliancc3 of sport there woro. But the throwing of a fly would bo sufficient occupation, ho thought ; one could not stay indoors the whole qfteniooa ; besides, there would be practice — in caso ho might happen on some bottor fishing elsowhore. So ho mado his way through tho rank, tall gross nnd horbago (tho host shooting boots in tho world conld not keep out tlio wot) until bo reached; tho sido of tlio stream ; and thoro ho pnt on tho east ; and with a short lino threw tho flies on the swirling water. It very soon appear ed' that if ho only wanted to cxcrciso his skill lib wonld havo nmplo opportunities ; for the stream- lot was narrow ; long weeds grow down to tho very edgd ; the water was rapid ; nnd in the first threecastshegot twice canglitup, But when lie haU. chosen his position hotter, nnd was a littlo more careful, ho soon found himsolf catching fish — that is to say, small brown trout of about four to the pound. It amused him, and did no harm to : them ; nay, perhaps it was a benofit to them, for whon thoy wore (lung in again thoy had learnt a; lesson in iifo, and would be more cautions in the future. And to him thoro was a certain varioty in the occupation besides merely trying to dodgo tho tall weoda. To got at some of tlio pools and reaches of this sharply curving river ho had to- cross necks ofland that woro obviously covered nt very high tides witli tho sea water ; and as those contained a considerable number of deep, peaty-looking holes partially onnooalod by tbo- long grass, tlioro was a possibility of his finding himself at any moment up to tbo neck in mud. So he kept on— on this sad, dull day, with tbo soft rain continuously falling ; discovering now pools ; hanging up on woods ; landing small fish, and leisurely throwing thorn back again, until Yes, until thoro was a sound that mado his! 'heart jump— tlio shrill whirr-r-r of tho reel I Up1 wont tbo top of tbo rod, out wont tbo -butt, in a moment I Thon he saw his opportunity— ho! floundered down through the bushes, and got into ono of tho shallow roaches of tlio rivor, i whoro tho water was not up to ills knbos; horo !ho could deal witli his onomy faoo to faoo. The fish had at first bunged away down . stream, hut was now sulking under a bank ; so ho cautiously waded and waded, winding in his line tho whilo, and keeping as heavy a strain on as ho dared. If this was a grilsie or soa-trout making its first experiment into fresh wator, ho knew vory woll. that it was as likely as not to rcsont this treat ment and make a bolt back for tho soa, . And now thoro came between him and his pr'oy a bend, of the river wboro tho banks camo close- togothor ; and ho was afraid it was too dcop for him to wade. Tho fearful uncertainty of that moment I Look at tho danger of gotting on either bank— scram bling up among tho tall weeds— if the fish should just chooso that precious point 1 of timo Suddenly there was a slacking of tlio lino, and for a wild second bo saw a blue and white thing flashing in tbo air and Bplashing down again on tho water. He dipped his rod. Quickly; and sharply raising it, ho felt no harm had boon done. Bat now the lino was appreciably slack ening again, and as ho rapidly wound it in, he; found that the fish was heading up stream, and' must ho approaching him. This was a serious situation. At last tho rod was nearly vertical, though ho was winding as hard as ho could to get tho strain on again ; and ho was anxiously look ing at tho point. Just at tho instant of his greatest" endeavor ho joyfully felt tho strain re turning— nay, he had to rcloaee his grip of tho handlo of the reel— ho merely kept his fore-finger- on tho line, ready for any emergency — and thou with another great whirr-r-r-r away went the fish again, round a turn in the hank ; and tho next' thing bo knew was that his rod was quite limp and vortical in his hand ; with the line, minus tho cast, flying high and idly in tho air. So far from disheartening him, howover, this put a now aspect on affairs altogether ; and ho thought that tbo best thing he could do, before risking any furthor and similar losses, was to go straight away homo, and sit down, ami thoroughly overhaul his fly book, and sen that his casting lines were in good condition. This, when bo had changed his wet clothes, ho proceeded to do ; and tho tablo in tbo diningroom was pretty well- covered with fishing material when tho-Englioh maid servant entered. " Whon would you liko to havo dinuer, sir ?" said tho young woman. " I do not caro. It appears to mo I havo dined already, Mrs. Dunne." " Mr. Frank used to dino at sovon, sir." " Very well, soven, if you liko. But ploaso don't take so much trouhlo as about Iunchoon ; I am used to very simple fore." " I am sorry we can't got any game at this timo of tho yoar, sir." " Well, I know that." She lingered and hesitated for a second or two. "I wish, Bir— I beg your pardon, Bir— but would yon bo so kind as to speak- to Mickio ?" " What is it now?" said ho, looking np for tho first timo— for ho had been busy with his flies. " The Fenians, sir. Somo of thorn have been down horo, and thoy are frightening tho poor boy. He does not want to join thorn ; but thoy havo been threatening him— yes, and threatening tho house, sir, if ho docs not join them " - " Send him to me, Mrs. Dunns. I know the fellows."- Presently Mick appeared at tho door of tho diningroom, anxious eyed. "Aro there any Fenians about horo, Mickio ?" said ho, pulling at a casting line. ICato Dunno was listening tho while, though she pretended sho was gotting out tho dinner things from tho sideboard. " N— no, sir." " I'm glad of that," said Fitzgerald. " I como from the Blaekwater ; and wo know how to deal with them tlioro. If any of tho idle black guards— I say if any of tho idlo bligardB," ho repeated, looking up, and speaking with more signiflcanoo, "should como bothering about bore, and trying to got decent young fellows into trouble —getting thorn to drink whisky and march about all night— you como and toll mo. Whilo I am horo I won't havo any strangera como prowling about— do you understand, Mickio ? Wasn't it you mado up tho No. I cartridges ?" " Suro it was, your honor I" "Woll, now, it's ono or two of tho No, 4 car tridges that I keep in my pocket at this time of tho year, just for anything that may turn np ; and I gonorally havo a gun handy— ospeoially at night, Nowd'yo soo now, if I catob any idlo vagabond intorforing about tbo placo and threat ening anybody, and talking about his marching and his countcrmarohing, I'm not going to wait to ask him his'busincss ; U'b. tho Queen's gainoa to a quid o' tobacco ho'll got a cliargo of No. 4 shot catching him. hp behind and ye .weighed the shot yonrsolf, Mickio ; and.suro ye- know it'll make tho bligards jump." Mickio went away deeply impressed. That 'Irish way of talking 'carried' conviction, with it. Ho soughtout tiia friend Murtongli the coachman, and, after asocond or two of thoughtful silence, ihesaid — "Suro 'tis tho now master can spake liis'moind. Blood and ounils, but I hopo lkcro'11 bo no murthor about the liouso." : In tho evening Fitzgerald dined in solitary stato ; tho pretty housemaid, vory quickly per ceiving that ho preferred to bo aiono, leaving things about handy, so that ho could help himsolf. ! Thereafter lio smoked and read. Toivhrds nine or so sho again appeared, bringing in the spirit tray. "Thank you," said lie, looking up in a bewil dered kind of way (for ho had boon vaguely dreaming as well as reading) "I don't want j anything more." ( "If you would rather have brandy, sir," sho said, "I think there is some." " Thank you, but I novor take spirits." " Oh, indeed; sir. I hope you will find your ' room comfortable, sir. You will find a candle on : tho hall 'table," I "Thank you vorymuob." ! "Good night, .sir," " Good night to you." So thus had passed tho first day in this now : neighborhood ; and it had not been uninterest ing, . IIo was not thinking of any work now; ho had no thought of turning those fresh oxpcricriccs into literature., Nor had ho any reflection that ! this place, so remote, and still, and silent, and beautiful; was just tlio placo where Mature, if bIio ; woro communel-with in her mysterious haunts, might rerqal hor subtler secrets to tho Iistoning ; and sorrowful soul; No ; ho had- got through a I sort of day's duty, and that had kept him from ; thinking much— which was liis chief good at prosont. . , Ho was glad to lio ablo to do something in return for thoChetwynds'kindncss. Nodoubtbis boing thoro and occupying tbo placo would rcconcilo i tbo, old lady to tbo idea of letting it. Ho would ! bo able, ho hoped, to give a good report of both i houso and shooting. Arid no moro than the man iri tho moon, it mayboadded, had ho the slightest 1 conception of tho purposo Mrs. Chotwynd had in | view in bogging him to bo so kind as to go and ; pay a visit of inspection to Boat of Garry. 