DEATH OF HANLAN. (from the age correspondent.) London. J une 11. The " Daily Telegraph," in a special issne, announces the death of Edward Hanlan, the champion sculler of the world, who was recentlv reported to. have been prostrated with an attack of fever. General regret will be evoked by the death of Hanlan, the champion oarsman of the world. His performances have been such as stamp him as being the best man that ever sat in a racing boat ; as, combined with the pluck aud stamina that are so necessary to constitute a first- class sculler, Hanlan had mastered the eecret of the sliding- seat in a manner that placed him far beyond all his com peers, and so made his suceoss in ;he various matches he contested during his career a matter of certainty before he started. He has been rightly described as a phenomenon sculler, and it will pro bably be many years before his like is seen again. Hanlan was born at, Toron'o, Canada, iu 1855, and was therefore 27. years of age nt the time of his death. During his early yours he followed th8 occupation of a fisherman, aud as early as the age of sixteen years he competed successfully in a double scull race on Toroutj Bay. In 1878 he won " the amateur sculling championship at the Toronto regatta, on which occasion he defeated a couple of men who were looked upon . as being scullers of more £han average merit. Next year ha the championship of Burlingtor Bay, and in the same yearrsp defeated two prominent scullers Tjoodon and Douglas, for the Guyernoreneral's prize. In 1876-h$/won Hhefchampion belt of Ontjirioana in September of the same yearta won., jtha" championship at the CentraniftL-!feyhibiUbl. The jace was rowed on the ScU(iy%afl Riv&r;, at Philadelphia, and somSsf llie bifefc oars man in the world compjted.'i /i'he final heat was won by Hanlarr-jV 2T;min. 294 sec., the fastestjiqid. dn record, and the performaagatahiped liim as lyscnller of the very first force. \ His? sxappear- ance was at Boston, (wjiere/tfe met defeat in pulling Plaisted imdi 3 ohnaofiyowing to his outriggersfbrajfkitig, buf|h& sulfee? quently beat botlrymer witn tlie1 greawst ease. His next enco&ntir; wt&with; Evan Morris, whotq he alsQ-dSposed of in a ridiculously hakyfashtogijand he was then matched to row Vall&ce; Rosa, who was regarded as the champion ofjAinerica, for lOOOdol., -andwi clj&mpionship; of Canada. Thisrafce :fuilier confirmed the opinions that had been oxpressed as to Hanlan's marvelIon3 brilliancy, as he won from start to finish and never gave his opponent the slightest chance. In 1877 Hanlon beat Plaisted and Ross a second time, and in July of that year won at Bvockvilley, against eight of the reputed best scullers in America, and re peated the performance at the Barrie re- gatta a few weeks afterwards. Courtenay at this time had come to the front and pnt forth his claims to be considered champion, and a match between the two for 6000dol. a-side was the result. The race was rowed at Lachmes on the 3t. Lawrence, and Hanlan won by a length after a desperate race. In 1879 he visited England, and heat Hawdon, who was then an aspirant for champion ship honors, in the most ridiculous fashion. Elliott, who was then champion of England, challenged Banian, and got beaten iu a manner that caused no small surprise and stamped the Canadian as a wonder. He literally rowed down his man from start to finish, and never gave him a ghost of a show. English oarsmen now fully recognised Hanlun's wonderful powers, and no one caring to tackle nun he returned to Canada, and after the Courtenay fiasco. when Courtenay 's beat was cut in two on the eve of the race, he beat Riley. In June, 1880, be wa3 beaten by Wallace Ross, in the Hop Bitters race, owing to sudden illness, and his first match with Trickett was" then made. The race was rowed on the i-5th November, 1881, on the Thames, and the Canadian .wonder beat the colonial very badly. On ibis occasion Hanlan s style called forth the unqualified approval of all the critics, and he was regarded as the most scien tific rower that had ever sat in a shell as his wonderful mastery of the slide, com bined with rarely developed muscular power, enabled him to send a boat along at a pace none of his rivals could equal. Laycoek, who was in England at the time ofTrickett's defeat, won the Hop Bitters prize subsequent to his countrymau's re- verse, and challenged the Canadian. He was accommodated and defeated, after which Hanlan returned to Canada. Trickett also visited America, but though there was a great deal of talk of a match between the two men nothing came of it. Hanlan, whose conduct on overy match commanded the highest praise, was challenged by Boyd i to row on tho Tyae, and Trickett was informed that if he wanted another trial he could be accommodated after the match with Boyd. Both matches wore certainties for Hainan, who after beating Boyd easily vanquished Trickett in more hollow style than ha did on th9 first occasion. These matches are of so recent occurrence that there is no neces sity to refer particularly to them. - Han- lac, af'.or boding Trickett, returned to Canada, -and was matched to row Ross on the 19th of this month. Recently a telegram informs us that the match had been postponed owiug to Hau- lan's illness ; and itwould now appear as if that illness was much more serious than was at first anticipated, and culmi nated in the death of a man who was foremost as an oarsman, and commanded the resnect of all who came in contact with him for his honesty. 