ENGLISHMEN FROM THE AMERICAN POINT OF VIEW. The Rev. Dr. Buckley, after a visit to Great Britain, contributes the folio wring to a New York journal : — The English, especially the middle classes, are tenacious, firm to obstinacy, immovable in their prejudices, and not less so in their pre possessions. Many who are supposed to be taciturn, because of their reserve in the presence of strangers, are voluble when restraint is re moved. Two distinct species — so to speak — may be found, the silent and the talkative. The silent Englishmen is as silent as a Scotch man ; the talkative Englishman as fluent as a Frenchman. The talkative Englishman will talk about himself as much as an egotistic American, and when that is said all is said that lmguage admits of to describe tho extent of his c 'nfession of self appreciation. But the ego tistic American delivers tho account of his exploits with a semi- romantic air, as though he fancied his hearers might be mentally discount ing his representations ; whereas tho compla cent Englishman proceeds as if his statements wore known to be true, merely recapitulated as a matter of form, and in the interest of the hearer, who must be pleasod to accept them. The talkative Englishman is generally, not always, in good humour ; the silent Englishman attends strictly to business, and cannot with impunity be trifled with. H Englishmen, as a class, are very courageous. Hit is the courage of the bull or bull-dog, and ?John Bull is not a misapplied name. They lack Hthe tenacity ot the Scotch, and the impulsive Hness of the Irish, but they have more sustained ?physical courage than either. Most Englishmen Hare more sluggish physically than natives of the ?continent of Europe, of Ireland, or of the ?United States, but they are not indolent. The ?nervous temperament does not predominate ?among them, tho sanguine is most frequently Hseen, and the bilious is not infrequent, while ?the lymphatic is favoured by the climate. H No people delight in eating and drinking Hraore than the English. Four meals per day, ?two light and two heavy, barely content them. BThe total abstainers drink largo quantities of ?tea, coffee, and temperate drinks, and eat Hnmazingly. The moderate drinkers take as Hunch as would, in this climate, soon make a Hmn a drunkard. They are very hospitable, and Hieliuht to see their guests eat. Charles Dickens Mlrow a true picture of Mr. Wardle at the head H-f his table. I have seen an Englishman with Hrun children and six guests, making ei»ht on Beach side, his wife at one end. of the table and HJiimself at thoothto, a 20-lb. roast of be'f before Hiim and a quarter of mutton before her, and Mieard this strange but inappropriate blessing Hpsked :-?' Bless this food. Help us to he Hchankful, and oat what shall be sufficient for HJtrength and comfort. Help our guests to feul HJit home. Bless us every one, and accept our ^fthanks.' Then camu tho huge slicos to each HSilato, and in a short time the vast conglomerate BJ-f broad, and beef, and mutton, and potatoes, H'id pudding was being transformed into human HJiature. Tho impression made on a stranger is Hlhat they are the healthiest raco on earth ; but ^?he prevalent ruddy complexion, when not pn-- Hhuccd by imbibition, is attributable to the ^Rlimate, and not especially indicative of health. ^Blpoploxy, paralysis, gout, rheumatism are very ^Bommon in England, and consumption carries BB'ff groat multitudes. The prevalant toudoncy ?Is to excess of adipose tissue. Hi Two almost opposite qualities are blended ^Hie English. They resent imposition, and ^B.ro slow to fovgivo injuries, but have very com ^Bassionato and benevolent dispositions. As one H|f them said nf his race, ' An Englishman pities ^Hhe sorrows of all except thoao who hiive tried ^?o imunso upon him.' Tho disposition l.o pro ^Hoct themselves against impositions of, every ^Hind is a commondable trait in any people, and ^Hntimately connected with the spirit of patriotism ^Hnd heroism. It is that which has given the ^?^nglish so liberal a constitution, and it was tha Hkatne spirit which in tho colonies refused to sub ^Hnit to exactions that would not have been en ^Hlured in Great Britain. They that begot ^Khildren must not be surprised to find them like ^Hinto theinselvos, and in tho obstinate contests ^Hif disagreeable virtues to i»?rn nweof liiom ^Helvea -';»n -bet'oro supposod to be truo. With ^H.11 this, however, many tilings — customs imply ^Hnu hnvnialitv. laws based . lyjon no known HH-inciple of justice, survivals of time when tho HBtizen had few rights and fewer privileges — HUiich not be enforced for a day in this country, Hl-e patiently endured, and if attention is calW HH them, and surpriso expressed that they persist, HHe manner in which tho suggestion is received HHows that it is new, and dous not seem reason HHAt the present time oratory is not much HHltivatod or thought of in England. In Par HHiment, in the pul|-it, and in the courts th» HHnce.s of elocution, ' the refinements of spoech,' HHcoive little honour. Thoro is, indeed, an HRectinn of awkwardness and hesitation, a care HHisness in pronunciation and gosture, which are ^?objectionable and unpleasant as an affectation HHJ stage elocution or a finical regard to pro HHrtiiis. Hard common sense, reason, history, ^H)C'-dont, couched in homely phrase, are tho HBtriimouts of conviction, and anything savour H of lino speaking is detrimental to the effect HH an address. Then a strong vein of emotion HHjnn through the people, and it frequently HHUtfl all restraint, and shows itself in religious HHi social and political axcessos. If Amorican HDmmir is colossal, English is grotesque, and HJBlicatinns of it can be soen in every grade of HHjii-ty from the lowest to tho highest. ?BB1'''' TC/.glinh pooplo are naturally religious, HHiuiib inclining to a sobor and somewhat mo jjHRonnu1; form of oxprosaion. To this there are ^Hj'iy oxnnptions, and thoro is an elomont of HJHmvstition deeply ingrainod in theimaginations HJH the body of the population. Stories of apparitions, ghosts, second sight, omens, draam-i, mysterious voices and presentiments find ready credence. The Moudon Telegraph began tho publication of accounts this summer, and it seemed for a while as if most of the inhabitants must have seen or heard supernatural things. Much scepticism, partly resulting from an ex cess of the national characteristic of obstinacy of opinion, and from the submission of the claims of religion wholly to the understanding — always productive of doubt, if not of antago nism, to all religion, natural as well as revealed — exists ; but it will hardly be denied that whatever the conduct of the peoplo may be, there is a prevalent sentiment of respect for and belief in tho Christian religion. Very justly, in view of their history, tho English people consider themselves equal an intellectual, moral, and physical vigour to any people now living, or that ever have lived upon the face of the earth. A curtain sense of in vincibility pervades their assertions and pre dictions. The familiar references to Britain's supremacy of the wave, to the fact that the drumbeat of ita army is heard all round the world, that its commerce visits every port, and the sun never sets on its flag, &c.; , never lose their power to stir the popular heart. ' But in England we do thus,' or 'England doos not believo in that,' is the ready and sufficient answer to every comparison attempted to its disparagement. Such are a few of the more prominent English traits, as I see them. They make them a strong and homogeneous people, and that makes a strong nation. Writers of such a letter as this usually close with a prediction. Mine is this. That great changes are destined to take place in England. The events of tho past 30 years have set loose forces which will never again be chained down. All the modifications have been in one direction, and toward Republicanism. In less than half a century there will be no Church Establishment in England ; in less than a century the heredi tary aristocracy will be extinct or shorn of its influence. Nothing but a succession of mou archs more discredit than any nation ever saw can prevent this. Yes, one thing more can pre vent it, a failure of the great experiment which England's stalwart son, the United States, is trying— which, may God forbid, whether Eng land pauses where she is, ' and remains the perfection of limited monarchies,' or ' shoots Niagara.' ? 