Original Poetry. A WONDERFUL BREAM. A.D. 1879. We live in a wonderful age, <Vye ken ? And "we're wonderful people too ! For our boys know more than full-Sedged . men, . Or our fathers need to do ! We live In a sportiug a**e, d'ye see ? And our boys are dons at cricket; And they're as proud as proud can lie, That they'rte patronised by Niquet i For he's a roostliberal man, you know I . At least, so the people say ; And for love of cricket, and not for show, Hie once gave a prize cup away ! The enp was of silver, lined with gold ; And young Tardif won the prize : Bat cute ones say, he'll be grey and old. Ere it cheers his longing eyes ! for we live in an age of mystery, And some things we can t divine ; But we hope, , some day, in history, The fate of ihiB cup will shine! A.D. 1882. Wlier* shall I hide myself ? Where shall I fly ? I'm aweary of living And wish I could die! Once I was happy. And breathed the free air ; But now I'm dejected,— 1 groan, I despair ! Chums have all left me, None with me now sup ! So I mourn, and I search, For the cup ! the lost enp ! That cap made ot silver, So beautifully chased, And designed by myself With most artistic taste, Ww t&e; pride of the city, . The talk of the place 1 But where it has gone to No'one can trace! A..D. 1992. . There -aante to sweet Athens a bright-eyed young stranger ; Fair, fair was his visage, and melodious his voice l He called at the Standard—this wonderful stranger— And made the reporters and compos, rejoice ! For he told them he'd brought from a far distant city A cup made of silver—a cop quite unique ! And though 'twas most .handsome, Oh, great was the pity , That the inscription thereon was in Latin or Greek. But you see, said the stranger, though the writing's intricate. And though there's a lot that I cannot translate; That this cup was the present of one Mr. ifiqaet, Who a century ago succumbed to his fate , He was liberal, free-hearted, yea better than many ! But wonld not be got at by a tradesman named Schmid, And sooner than he would be fleeced of a penny Vowed his enp and intentions should £a mystery be hid I Now Schinid has long vanished, and gone np , to heaven ! Bat remorse pricked him sore ere he gave tfp the.ghost, And he said, "As I hope that my sins are • ' forgiven, * I pray you'll restore that prize cup which •was lost 1" Tfcestrahger then gathered his bright robes around hitn, Then magic-like, angel-like, -vanished from eight V Tie reporters and compos, with wonder looked round them. And realised that 'twas a dream of the night < BEV. PETEB WINGFIELD. 