SHAHDON BELLS. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of 'jMacleod of Daee,' &c;, &c.; (Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.1 Chatter XX.— Some Cokrhspoxpenve. Yes ; there was no doubt of it ; during the months that had elapsed since his hurried visit to Cork, Kitty's letters had grown much more cold, or a least much more reserved and nsatter-of-fact ; while now and again there was a tone of dissappointment running through them, which he had striven to over look at the moment. Now, as he re-read them, with this glorious prospect— this near and shiningfuture — before him, he sought for reasonable explanations and excuses, and easily found then]. The snrinjr had been wet and boisterous, and Kitty's spirits were readily affected by the weather and its discom forts. Then she had had a good deal of travel ling, and that would account for the curfcnesa of some of the notes, Kitty being ordinarily a most profuse letter writer. And then again the news that be had it in his power to send her was not of the most cheering description —though he had tried to put the best face possible on matters. Altogether, looking over these letters again, and regarding them by this new light, he could find nothing disquieting in them ; on the contrary, they were quite natural in the circumstances : the question w as, how would Kitty write now ? He could not doubt how she would answer his appeal. The summer was coming on with all its Deautif ul new hopes, new desires, new possibilities. During that winter Kitty had again and again, and not at all to his sorrow, pretty plainly hinted that she was dissatisfied with her present .way of living. It had become distressingly monotonous. There were no am bitious hopes to lure her on. Only once had she expressed herself as being pleased with her surroundings, and that was on a pro fessional visit to Dublin, where, instead of having to go to the usual lodgings, she had been the guest, along with Miss Patience, of the wife of a manager of a theatre there ; and that lady had introduced Kitty to a number of people, and made her life a little more cheer ful for a time. Then she had to return to the provinces, and to miserable rooms, and the fatigues of travelling ; and, as the weather happened to be exceptionally bad, it was no wotdershe should growtired oreven querulous at times. And when people are disheartened, they do not write any long playful letters, full of pretty sentiment and pleasant humor. How could Kitty be cheerful and amusing with her fingers benumbed with the cold, her feet wet, and. adverse winds blowing the smoke down the chimney ? But now all this would be altered. There would be no more need for letters. Kitty herself would be there to talk to, to talk, and. submit to be teased. And --vbat happy excur sions would thc-re be on the eiear sanimei' mornings, wandermg about Chelsea to ilx on their future and permanent honio. As for him self, he wonid not choose, even in imagina tion, until Kitty should come over. She ougiit to have her share of the responsibility. Aud what her eyes approved, he did not think he should find much fault with. That anxiously awaited letter was a long while in coming, many and many a time, ?when he heard the postman ascending the stair outside, had his heart beat quick only to be disappointed. But at last it came, and to his astonishment he found on the back of the envelope the name of a Killamey hotel. He hastily opened it— the letter was written on hotel paper— in fact, there was an engraving of Lough. Leane at the head of the page ! How had Kitty got there ? She had notsaid a word of any such intention. Breathlessly he ran his eyes over the various sheets — for this time Kitty had written at length— hoping to find some phrase decisive of her reply. She had got bis letter evidently ; but nowhere was there any positive acquiescence or positive refusal so far as he could gather from that hurried and uncertain glance. And so— with more dread of disappointment than actual disap pointment— and still with some trembling nope— he forced himself to read the letter systematically through. 'My dear Willie— Your letter has fol lowed me here, and I will never forgive you for not having driven me to go to Killarney many a day ago. I suppose it was all because of your jealousy ; you wanted to bring me here yourself, as if the place belonged to ycu! And the idea of my having been many a time at Limerick, and Mallow, and Cork ; the idea of my having had to sing the jvillarney song in the panorama without even having been to this paradise I I suppose I thought it was' too familiar because I kaov $il fch-3 places in the photographs iu the wiadowi ; hut neither they nor the panorama, nor aay thiiig else could have told me of the charm of this beautiful neighborhood. We were out Ist-t night in a boat, there was no moon, but the fctai s were lovely. We rowed to Ianis falltrj, and I sung one or 'tsvo songs — the sound was so strange when we got, new t'ao island, I was wondering whether toe ghosts ia the abbey would hear. What a beautiful night it was. Of course you are asking what brousht me here. WcU, dear Willie, I have had a groat desl of bother, acd some hard wo--k of late, and I had thought I h&d; earned a little holi day ; and everj body said we ought to go to Killarney in the spring, and Miss Paticnse and I Lave done it as cheaply as we could. Whole in the world could we have coma to for such perfect peace and rest ? This hotel is nearly empty ; when we went to Aluckrossj Abbey ana the Tore Cascade and all round there,' we were quite by ourselves, and when we go out on the lake there are no tourist* anywhere. The day we arrived, however, there was a fearful tempest. I said to myself, Goodness gracious-, is thisKillarney ? I thought Kiliarney was always quite still, with moon li&ht; on it (as it was in the panorama,). The wicd and the rain were dreadful, the moun tain:) were quite black except when the clouds crossed and hid them, and the waves oa the lake traasiied on the rocks at Iimisfalien. aad spj urg up ia foam just like the sea. But now everything is qniet and lovely, ami I feel as if this was the Yale oc Avoca, that I shoaid like to rett in, with the friends I love besc ; only I suppose there never ia rest like that for everybody, trouble is the police man that steps in aud orders you to move on. 'Desr Wiilie, I feel quite afraid to b2gia and try to answer your letter, for 1 kaav yoa won't understand what I mean about it. I entirely agree with you about a private life — ifc has been the wish o€ my heart . for many a day; I am quite tired of the annoyances of my pub'ii oae People think it a fine easy thins to eara jcur liviDg by merely singing songs ; I wi3h they krjc w what hard work and uncertain work it is. Of course one's vanity is pleased soaie times, when you have nice things said to you, or M'iicn the audience is very enthusiastic ; but what a temporary tiling that is 1 When I stayed with Mm. MJlroy ia Dublin I was quite delighted with the lictle occupations and visits, atd amusements with whieii they passed the time ; and I know lhat would suit me ; and a? for your suggestion that I might some Jay regret giving up this kind of. life, you might have saved yourself all the arg ling against it; it is the last thing I know that will ever oocur to me, and I should be ready this minute to give ifc up if I could do so safely. ?'People never do get what they want, I suppose ; acd 1 suppose it is better for them, in the long run. &.nd for yoa to think, just now, when you are waking a path for your Etlt that wiil lead to future fame, of hamper ing yourself in the way you propose— weU, I can understand yonr dreaming o£ it, for you were alvraj 3 so romantic and s-tringe ia your EoticEs, but I have got worldly wisdom, er.oujru for both of us, and I can see what a pity it would be. When you want a clear way for your genius, you tie all this domestic anxiety round your neek ! Consider how pre carious jo:; would lie. That oid lady mi^hc die at any moment, and then ? ! I am afraid, dear WiJiie, that your literary pros pects by themselves wouldn't warrant you in doing as you propose; and do yoakuo-vl, for one, am not. so sorry there should be such difficulty aod bard work, for if there was not wouldn't everybody be at it, and where would be the glory of making a name for yourself if everybody could step m and do it? I know jou disfciust your powers; I don't, and I should think myself wean and unscrupulous if I allowed my private wishes to interfere with your future. I know some day you will have reason to thank me. Was it not me who sent you away from tha-S miserable littie office in Cork to take t.he plane that your geaiu* entitles j'ou to. I as good as said — Go where glory waits tiiee, l-at while Fame elates tiiee, Oh ! still remember rue ! wjjfea the praise thou aieatest To thine ear is sweetest, Oh I then re;iieinber me ? I know you always laugh at my poetry, bat I like poetry that one can understand, that has; common sense in it; and there is common sense in that. I expect great things of you; and so would the world if it knew as muuh as I did ; and it seems to me that vrith gifts suah as yours you have no right to throv up yoar career, or at least seriously hamper it for the mere gratification of a piece of romance. But that was always like you, Willie. You. look at things in such a strange way. You don't seem to value things as other people do ; and you don't appear to consider it is your duty to get on in the world and make money and security for your old age. I have seen, what motey can do ; what good you caa do with it ; how independent it makes you. I believe if. it had not been forme you would have kept on in Cork, sdniply because you had the chance of living a half-sailor, half-gamekeeper life at laisheen ; acd j-ou would never have thought of the time when you would no longer be able to go after rock- pigeon. And so, dear Willie, you must try and. be a littie less romantic ia the meantime, and do justice to the gifts you hare ; at;d by- and- by you will thank me aad say that evt-rj thing has been for the best. 'Ifowl know you have misuuderstood me — arid you are angry, in your wild way, and accuse me of being mercenary — me ! I have cever had enough money to know what mer cenariness was— and of course you are im patient that everything can't coma abemt jasfc as if it were a story-book. Alas ! I wish, ifc could ; and everybody be satisfied ; but there is always trouble, even to those who make the strongest fight against the inclinations of their heart, and try to do the best for every one around them. Just imagine me lecturing you like this! And yet ycu knoy, dear Willie, that ycu are too poetical, and so I must be the commonplace person — even here, with Kiliarney before me. There was a dreadful accident to the coaca as we were coming. There is a steep hill some miles before you get here, and oae of the two horses fell, and the force of the coaca dragged it along, and the poor beast'3 kuce3 were horrible to iook at. It just managed to walk the distance, though I thought every moment it would go down. But -vkat a fine thing it must be to have a carriage and one's own horses, and drive all through these beautiful places, quite at your leisure, aud without a thought fcr the future. Just fancy not having to care a farthing *-hethci- June or August is near or far off ; nothing but to enjoy the pre. sent moment ; and drive from one hole! to another, irrespecti%-e of time and without a thought about the cost. I think people who can have such happiness to themselves ought to be very kind to other people. I know I should try to be. I can imagine myself driving through the country like that ; and if there was any trouble, it would be the thought that 1 could not make all the poor people one might meet just as contented as oneself. One might meet, who knows, some young fellow going away from hid sweetheart, forced by fate, and very much troubled about his prospects ; and a letter of introduction or something might save misery. But these are all idle dreams ; and one must take the world as it is. 'I am so glad that that kind old laly hai again befriended you ; and hope thai, some thing iubslaraial ami pcriratttsni may come of her friendship for you; but even if these hopes are disappointed, I am coGvineed you did right in going away to liondon. Genius such as yours is a trust. You had no right to waste your time fishing and boating and shooting. Even if it were to be decided by fate that you and I were ntver to meet again, do yon not t.hinir I should watch your career, of which I am far more certain than you are? Of course, I don't say that succe3* is to come all at once. I do beliere you s.ie working j'our best; thougii I do:i't think from what you say that that Scutch artist— I thought the Seotch were so intictfcal — daes jou any good. I suppose he thinks is would be romantic to live in a ijurrat : aad is I vraa a bare foul iansie perhaps it would; but now again you will accuse pjc of nsofcoaariaess jus.t because I bavo to talk eomuiou. sense. I don't believe there's anybody in. tlie world caves less tor laoney tliaa 1 do ; but I see what nicnej' can dc, and how it gives people time to be thoughtful aad kiad to those around them ; andia any case I am no i- going to be the ono to wreck auc-Ji a career as yoa have before ycu, Si-oteLmaii or no Scotch man. 'I have bo«n so much occupied here that I forget whether I thanked you for the volume of political speeches that you sent alias Patience ; but at all events I was asked, and intended to do so, with her best compliments. The book seems to be highly appreciated ; she has scarcely stirred out since we cams here. As ,f or our stay -here, that is quite un certain; but I am in love with the scenery it is far prettier and not as grander wild as I expected, and you know I prefer quietness to Alpine terrors), and I shall tear myself away with great regret. We make our way on to Limerick, where I have four concerts — the old mill- wheel again after this paradise. So, dear Willie, you need not write here if you are writing, but to the post office, IAmerick, 8nd I shall expect a letter saying that you know I am acting in the best kindness,# and laying myself open to the [charge of being a money-grasping young woman (which is ab surd you know, for if I was, where is there any to grasp?) when all I want is to act prudently for you and for me. Good-bye, dear Willie, if thcre'a any one wishes you a speedily secure position and great fame and reputation such as you deserve, there s no one wishes that more heartily than your affectionate ' Krrrr. 'P.S.— Thursday morning. Dearest Willie, this letter does read so business-like that I - . . am ashamed of it ; and yet I can't burn it, and liavo to go all over the arguments again. It quite wore out my small brain hut night ; and there were such difficulties, too— such, ia PR'l teFi-npaons— that it seems aB eonfased. I i meant it to be so kind ; and it reads like a school-book. Sever mind, Willie, you know I am not mercenary ; and that no one wishes yoa to get on more heartily than I do. I meant tie letter to be ivry kind indeed; and at least you -will be pleased that I am ' delighted with Killarney. Good-bye. Toe j rooming is lovely, and we are just going oat j for a row.' I 'Going out for a row?' he repeated ! mechanically to himself. Who were going out for a row? Miss Patience, according to i Kitty's own showing, scarcely stirred out of the hotel at all. And what were they doing j there ? How had he heard nothing about it ? i 'What did all this mean— about the trouble of the world, and the sacrifice of one's inclina tions, and a future for him of which she was the distent spectator? He read the letter over again, in a bewildered sort of way. It wag not like Kitty — it was not like the wilful, petulant, loving and teasing Kitty at alL It is true that her letters hadfor some time past been reserved — occasionally hurried and curt ; but here was « long rambling letter laying bare all her thoughts, and it did not sound as if it was Kitty who was speaking. And was she laying bare all her thoughts? he asked himself. Was it her great regard for his future fame that caused her to refuse his appeal— an appeal that seemed to him to be : so simple and natural and opportune ? j Then he eagerly grasped at the 'notion that ; perhaps his abrupt proposal had startled her. This was but maiden coyness. She had been alarmed by the definite request that she should come over and be married and occupy these bumble apartments until a more suitable dwelling could be chosen. These rambling arguments of hers were a mere girlish trick of fence. Modesty was sheltering itself be hind the guise of prudence. And he could j have laughed at Kitty's imploring hiaa to be lieve that, she was was not mercenary — as if it were likely he could suspect her of that. Still there was something very strange and disquieting in the tone of this letter ; and when he sat down to answer he experienced the novel sensation of being afraid. Afraid »f Kitty : If he could have caught her by both hands he would not have been afraid. But that was the mischief of it— the great disiance between them. That was why he was afraid— afraid of the misunderstandings that letters cause. He wrote hurriedly; he seemed to have so much to say and wished to say it all at once, and moreover he must needs write in good spirits if he would drive away her despondency. j *'My darling Kitty— I have received your j extraordinary letter. It does not souad as it j you bad written it at alL Why are you so i serious? What has frightened you? Are j you the same Kitty that when I first came to j Ixmdon used to write every day nearly, j * Make haste— make haste ; for I love you so !! j And now there is not a word of love in this j long letter ; but a great deal of down-hearted- \ ness and fear and political economy and Ben- ; jamin Franklin sort of wisdesn. And then, my pretiy-eyed philosopher, your facts are a ; little askew. You accuse me of being too j poetical ; and if to love you is to be romantic i and poetical, I will admit the charge. But if yon mean that I allow poetry or anything else ] to interfere with my care for the future, you i are all wrong. You don't know how rigidly I've saved up every possible penny since I came to London. I don't go taking holidays at Killarney ; when I have to go for a journey it's all because of a wicked young woman who \ won't be reasonable and sensible and come j and be married at once. And really and j seriously, Kitty, what have you to fear ': I j iave £110 saved ; and £203 a year ia quite j enough to make a start with in a quiet way; and it' things go better, won't you be rather glad in after life that you and I were to gether in the poorer time 'i You talk about niy being precarious (your English, Miss Kitty, has not been improved by the Kiliarney air), but is not everything and everybody more or less so? You are like Miss Patience, thinking that literature is so pre carious a profession because a tile might fall on your head fiom a roof. No doubt this old lady might die j but so might you, or I ; and surely, since life is so uncertain, common sense would counsel you to make the be3t of it while you may. Life is net such a very ! long thing ; youth is still shorter ; and surely j when two people love each, other, and have a ?, little faith in the future, and a reasonable j security in the present, even Benjamin Iranklin, Poor Richard, Catherine Komayne, and similar philosophers might admit that it would be unwise to throw away a certain ; happiness on the chance of some good to come. It seems so strange to have to talk to joa like this, Kitty, even as a joke. I can scarcely believe this letter of yours to be serious. Who ? was it who declared that she could live on i nothing; who implored me never to leave j her ; -who asked me to ' live in. her heart, and pay no rent!' And all that happened little more than a year ago. What ha3 changed her so in so short a time ? '* I know. They say that once in every seven years on a beautiful summer morning, just at sunrise, the O'Donoghue of the Lakes comes down from his magic home in the mountains, riding a white horse, and accom panied by fairies. He rides acro3s Longii Leane, and wherever he goes on the dry land all Ids old possessions aud splendor appear again : and when he has seen that everything is right he sets out home again. 'Sov no doubt you have heard that, if you have courage enough, you can go with him, and cross tough Leane dry shod, and accom pany him to his home in the mountains, where, before bidding you good-by, he will present you with part of his buried treasure, fiave I found you out Bliss Kitty? Are you watching for the O'Donoghue of the Lakes V Is that why your small head is stuffed with 'mercenarinessV Are you so ansious to be rich and drive through the country with a carriage and pair that you get up every morning at that hotel before sunrise and wander away down to the hike side and look across and watch for the white horse aud its rider ? Is that the peculiar charm you have found in Killarney V And of course the want of sleep and the going about so much alone, and the witchery of ths whole thing have dazed you a little and made you apprehen sive, so that I can scarcely believe teat it is you who are speaking to me, 'My dearest Kitty, you must really throw aside these unreasonable fears— you, who used to be so fearless, too t If you are afraid to take such a decisive step as coming to Hiondon by yourself, I will come over and fetch you. I am entitled to a long holiday. Dearest Kitty, how would it do for me to come over and meet you at Limerick, aud stay there long enough to be married, aud go back over the Killarney route? lam conHdent I could take you to beautiful places you are not likely to find on the ordinary tourist route. Write — no, telegraph one word — m Yes' — that can't take up much of your time, and I wiU come over at once. And then, you see, as one must be practical aad busi iiess-like in order to please you, getting mar ried in that quiet way would be very inex pensive ; you would have no white silk govra to buy, and I should have no loskets to get for the bridesmaids. Isow, Kitty, take heart of grace, and telegraph at once. If you telegraph from Killarney, I will go right on to Limerick and wait for you there. Don't think about it, do it ; if yousit down and begin to make out all sorts of calculations, as if you were the secretary of a life insurance com pany, of course you will arrive at np decision at all, but only plunge yourself in gioojn. What a trip that will be if you only say 'Yes I* If you went by Baudon and Dunmanway we will come back by Inchigeelah, and of course we shall go down to Inisheen — and perhaps to the stream there some moon light night, just to let Don Fierna and the rest of them knGW that you had not quite for gotten. You have not quite f orgotton, Kitty ': I had the da.te engraved on the ring you gave me, and then I grudged the expense, for it was useless. There are some things that are graven on my heart ; they become a part of you— you can put them away from you only when you put life away, and I do not think that either of us is likely to forget the vow of that night. 'Well, now, Kitty, the inhuman wretch who occupies the quaint small house by the river that I told you of still remains in it ; I often take a turn round that way to j»e if there is not a board up : but no, the wretched limpet still clings to his shell. Sever mind ; we shall have plenty of time to walk about and pick out a comfortable little place for ourselves ; for, you see, I can always use the line mornings for walking out, and shift on my work to the time of rain. Aud then, when we give ourselves a whole holiday, Kitty, there is no end to the beautiful, quiet; places one can get to from this neighborhood. I have explored them all ; and the whole time I was thinking, ' I know Kitty will be charmed with this place; and lam certain she never could have been here before. Scarcely anybody knows what beautiful se questered spots there are in Richmond Park alone. Then, you see, Kitty, by taking those furnished rooms to begin with, you will be able to fall into housekeeping ways by de grees ;; and we shall taiic plenty of time ta choose a pretty small house, aud put tbing-5 into it just as we want them. You will be surprised at the knowledge I have acquired of the prices of tables aad cUaira and carpets ; and Ross— that is your Ssotoh friend— has promised, icJteu the great /line comes, to present you with a tea service of old black Wedgwood that he picked up some where in Surrey, and that is about the only thing of value that he possesses. Just fancy your sitting in state at your own tea- tabla in your own house. * Will you have another cup of tea, Sir. Boss ? ' Xo, thank you, my dear Mrs. Mtzgcrald, butif you would sins another of those Irish songs, that is what I would like to have' Then you go to the piano ; of course we must hire a piano the very first thing, for yon are not going to forget your music, Miss Kitty, when you enter upon domestic slavery. And what about 'The Minstrel Boy' for our Scotchman ? Or will you make him cry with * Silent, ob, Moyle ? Or do you think fie will care as much for ' The bells of Shandon' as we do ? I think not. He does not kuo w cer tain associations. He cannot recall the white Sunday mornings ; and the quietude of the country walks ; and Kitty declaring that she should never have the courage to marry any body, and that her proper rdle in life was to be an old maid. 'Come now, Kitty! You have a tremen dous courage when you like. Pall yourself together. If Miss Patience is preaching political economy tell her to go to the mis chief. I am thinking of your eyes when you meet me— at Limerick. Will you be shy and coquettish? Or will you be imperious and riding the high horse ! I know you can be in any mood you choose ; and the mood I would have you choose is that of the Kitty of the old, beautiful, love- sweetened days, not thi3 timid, fearing business-like Kitty whom I don't know a bit. Who wrote, 'Just tell them there's a poor girl in Ireland who is breaking her heart for jour sake1.' I know whatever troubles you may be thinking of now every thing will look quite bright and hopeful when I get hold of your shoulders and chal lenge your eyes to do anything but smile. So no more of your despondency, you pretty black-eyed tiny sweetheart; but one word, and the expenditure of one shilling ; andthea dc-n't bother your head any more about it until you see me at Limerick. Then I will take command of you, and be responsible for you ; and we will together make short work of your economical fears. ' This from one who knows you and loves you far too well to believe in your want of courage ; and who sends no other messages, or kisses, or anything of the kind— for he is bringing them. 'W. P.' He went out, and walked rapidly to the pillar letter-box, and posted the letter ; there seemed so little time to lose. And then he walked back more slowly, wonderingif he had said everything likely to entice Kitty to a decision. Just as he was entering the courtyard the postman came along with the second morning delivery, and he had two Ietter3 for Fitz gerald. Master Willie took them with little interest {for he was still thinking of the phrases he had used in the appeal sent over the sea), and opened them leisurely as he was going up the stair. And yet the first of these read oddly enough — 'Dear Mr. Fitzgerald— I wonder if you could spare me a few minutes to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, before you leave the house. Ov, if tliat is inconvenient, any other evening will do ; but to-morrow evening lam sure to be at home. I only want a few minutes' talk with you.— Yours faithfully, 'MARY CHETWYiTD.' He could not imagine what Miss Chetwynd could have to say to him ; but as nothing further was to be made out of the letter, he put it in his pocket. The next that he opened was written on the notepaper of an hotel in Venice. 'Deal' Fitz — It is an age since I heard anything of you ; and £ have seen so few English periodicals that I have no means of telling how you arc getting on. Well, I hope ; you have enthusiasm; good health; and an insatiable tiiirst for work. Pactolus will flow your way sooner or later. The beast of a stream doesn't flow my way — quite the re verse; it flies at my approach — hence these tears. The fact is I am temporarily very hard up, and awkwardly situated, as well. I can't explain, but you may guess ; and so, to get out of these embarrassments, I have taken a liberty which I know you won't mind, for it can't cause you any inconvenience. I have drawn a billon you at three months for£lo9 ; and if you would have the goodnature to a2eept it on presentation, you would do me a great service ; and of course you will suifsr no barm, for it will be taken up long before that. It is merely the use of your signature for a few -weeks that I want ; and 1 shan't forget ycur friendliness; enconnai Vami au besom. ' How is the Lady Irmingarde ; and how are the little ringlets round her ears? Be a good boy, and marry the young damsel de cently and honorably before the .tides pudica — I do not write Punica and mean no such thing — begins to show the strain of time aad distance ; and then you will settle down into proper domestic ways, and run no risk of j getting into scrapes cither at home or abroad. | I hope Gifford gives you plenty to do ; two j guineas are much too little ; but I suppose j you make it help. SScobeli has turned out to i be a mean fellow ; I always suspected guinea- ! pigs.— Yours faithfully, i ' Hilton Clarke/' i He went down the steps again and knocked I at Ross's door. J ** Come in.' j He entered and found the Scotchman i smoking an after-breakfast pipe_, seated oppo- j site a picture and staring at it, but with j neither brashes nor palette in hia hand. J 'There!' said 'Fitzgerald, triumphantly j : handing him the letter. ' Didn't I tell you ] ! so?' j Ross read the letter through deliberately, I and banded it back. i *' WeJl ?' said he, 'I always thought him a ! scoundrel. Uow I think him an impudent ! scoundrel. What more?' *' I tell you he is nothing of the kind,' said Fitzgerald, indignantly. 'Don't you see Irons that letter that he dees not think he i has done me any injury ? I told you so. I J told you there were people who otherwise might be admirable enough, but who simply wanted that sixth sense about money matters 'Thatsixthsense,''saidRoss, angrily. 'And did not I tell you not to go and confuse things by calling common honesty a sixth sense,? If a scoundrel in the street picks my pocket, I do not think about any sixth sense ; I give him into the hands of the nearest policeman.7' 'But you Scotchmen are too literal, aud so exacting. You won't believe in a man having \- any virtues unless he has them alL Is o w this man was exceedingly good-natured ; he was : very friendly to me ; I am certain he does not ; think at this minute that he did me any ; ; wrong; he simply has no conscientiousness j [ on that one point — -' , | ' It's a want of conscientiousness that has j j landed many a poor wretch in gaol, who had j i far greater excuses than that idling selfish j creature,' said John Ross. ' Man, I thought ] he had opened your eert. I thought it was : the onegood turn he had done ye. I thought ; he had given ye a lesson. Audnow I suppose | yell go and sign this bill ; and you'll believe j he'll pay it : and the end will be— ten pounds ! to one is the bet I will put on it — I'm saying i I will bet ten pounds to five shillings— that j not one farthing of that money will come out j of anybody's pocket but your own if ye put j your name on the back of the paper.' He knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and j continued, still more angrily — ? j ?'Man, ye do not deserve to have a young i lass waiting for ye— away over there iu j Ireland, waiting for ye — and you to talk about throwing away your money on a ! scoundrel like that ? ' ! ' But wait a minute, Ross ; I'm not going i to do anything of the kind. I would not accept a bill, cr back it— the fact is I don't know what the proper phrase is— for any human being. I've seen results of it over in our district ; the Coursing Club showed me that. And indeed,''' added Fitzgerald, goiag forward to look at the picture, ' I may soon have need of all the money I can get. '.There is just a — a — possibility of my setting up ? house in a small way by-and-bye.' 'Ay? Well, that's better news. That's sensible. But don't turn the mill too hard. You were at work early this morning.'' j ?*'At work':' said Fitzgerald, staring; ' I ; have net been at work at all. I haven't had ] any breakfast yet, by the way.' j ' Then what was all that stumping up and j down for '/ — I thought ye were hammering out i an epic poem/' j ' Oh,' said. Fitzgerald, vaguely remember- ] ing that he might have paced up and down ; the room in liis eagerness to get persuasive ! phrases. *' I was only writing a letter.' 'It must have been a terrible business,' said the other grimly. ' Ho it is,' said Fitzgerald, perhaps a trine absently, ' to convince one who » at a great distance from y_ou, in a letter. It is difficult— and disheartening at tiine3.' Roes glanced at him keenly. ' Things are not going quite right, then ?' said he. 'Oh yes,' answered Fitzgerald, with a forced cheerfulness. 'Oh, yes. Quite right. Oh, ye?, I think everything is going quite right -, and by- and-bye I hope you will nave the_ppportunity for presenting tue Wedgwood tea'cups with a pretty speech. Of course, letter writing is a roundabout kind of way of arranging anything ; it is difficult to explain, and to persuade, and one is so apt to take wrong impressions from a letter. Especially a girl, you see, who is nervous and anxious, and afraid to trust her own judgment in takiBg a& decided etep. Any one can under stand that. Then— then— then it is very hard and difiicult to write, you see; for if you are too serious, she may think you are alarmed, and she may prefer the safety of remaining as she is ; and again, if you are too cheerful in tryiug to raise her spirits, she nsay think that the immediate necessity for coming to a decision cannot possibly be near. It is so much better to see the — the person. But this time, lloss — I don't mind telling you— I have made a very dclinitc proposal. I should not wonder if I ?vteie to leave London this very week— aad corae back with, a wife.' ' Good luck to ye, then. Now I Can uader stand, there's no fear o' jour letting that fellow have any more o' your money.' *' Of course,' said Fitzgerald, iandiag him the other letter, '* that may have something to do with it.' Ross glanced over Miss CJietwynd's brief note. 'Whatever the matter is, it is important,' said Fitzgerald. 'She has never asked me to see her like that before. Perhaps they are tired of the present arrangement. Perhaps they think it costs too much ; or they may want to have eome one else. Well, well,' . he said more cheerfully, ' if it is so, let it be so. One can live somehow. X am not going to break my heart about that.9' ' Are ye coming out for a stroll, then ?' 'Indeed no. I am going to get some breakfast, and then set to work on another article on tie Irish Ballads. It's wonderful with what heart you work when you know the work is going to be paid for.' 'It's no common experience wi' me,' said Boss, drily. Fitzgerald was whistling to himsslf as he went up the steps again. It was not the pos sibility of his losing that chief means of livelihood that would daunt him. Noff his mind was full of far other concerns, and he was forcing himself to believe the best. When was the white day to come. At Limerick, at Inchigeelah, on the Black water, on the Shannon, he and she together would think but little of what had happened or might happen in London. Might they not find a four-leaved shamrock somewhere in the still summer woods ? He worked away at this essay on the Irish ballads with great apparent cheerfulness. When he stamped up and down, as was his wont, sometimes he hummed the air of one or other of the Old songs he was transcribing. But when he came to Kathleen O'More — 'My own little Kathleen, my poor little Kathleen, my Kathleen O'More' — he did not get on so quickly. Perhaps there was some chance association— or the bit of likeness be tween the names ; but it seemed difiicult to him to copy these lines. And at last the pen was pushed aside, and his head fell forward on his clasped hands. a -s « » * * ? Why was Kitty at Kiliarncy : and why was she so cold; and speaking in a voice that seemed far away and strange, and not close, and tender, and familiar as in the old and happy time? She could not have forgotten Inisheen ! {To be continued.') 