CHURCH HISTORY. TO THE EDITOR. -I am, &c.;, JOSEPH PETERS. Adelaide, April 12, 1882. Sir—The letter of the Rev. F. T. Whiting- <*> ton, which appeared in the Advertiser of the 11th inst., does not throw any additional light upon the questions which were raised between Archdeacon Dove and myself. So far from that he adds additional errors to those which J:c professes to justify aad to hold as truths. From his reference to Article XXV. of the Anglican Church he wfrhes to convey the inference that that church decs not deny die doctrine that there iiro :-even sacraments, J>ut rather that it tacitly admits it, the proof he offers being contained in these words:—"The article ?iocs not declare that there are but two sacra ment*, but that there arc two sacrament* oi-fiaiucuof Christ in thcGospcl, and thatthose iivc commonly called sacraments are not to bo counted sacraments of the Gorpel and have not rUe like nature wilh baptism awl the holy J-i'c-'iiaiist." Mr. Whitington conuuujs:— "3!; is is in full Ri-c-jrd v.i-Ji our uatcchispi, vliiih iii.-ji-'.sthal siio two .sacraments of the (U^i.i'i isre those alciii which are generally {f.c. iitsivfjsaijj) necessary to salvation." 'iLis is hitc- >i:ccial pleading, because the C'Luicb of J?ii<:ia::ii docs not include seven !-:icr;in;ti!ts in Jicr articics of faith, and it is ii^t in jiccor^HUic with the catechism, v.iiioh nxi;licn> n-.; i<-< w than tv;i>. The Ciiiir^u of ICii^iur.d cuts ixt t?icli the doctrine of the si-iin The-Privy Council has <:<<?!,->)<<] ihht hi Laj.ti.fjn there is? no rc^eiiera tic.i:. thus ivduiinj: tho practice to a mere rite ci- '..ljf- ejTai:<c, and depriving of its sacra nx-ntEl character. Confirmation is called and looked upon as a ribe only. Confession, although enjoined in the English Book of Common Prajcr, is rejected and scouted by the majority of Knglish Church men. Estrcme ucction is never prac tit-cd l?y the Anglicans, and holy orders and matrimony are not regarded as sacra ir.cnts at all. St. Chrysostom believed in all of these sacraments in the same sense as the l?oman Cbnrch believes in and teaches them to this day, so that on this question alone the Anglican Church diverges widely from the belief of the Catholic Church in Chry?OstonTs day, and therefore cannot be held to belong to jt. I fully acknowledge the authority of St. (L'yprian's opinions in matters theological, 1 ut I cm not prepared to believe that because fct. Cyprian said "It is to little purpose to l.c l,j;;ititod and to receive the Eucharist unless v <? niro abound in good works" —that he held tlic doctrines on the subject of the sacraments w !iich arc peculiar to the Anglican Church. 7i:e 'Lfxaiu does not even recognise "the m Uicicncy of the two great sacramental ordinances." On the contrary, he dis tinctly says that they are of no avail unless something else is done by those nb.o receive these sacraments. Again, these two great sacramental ordinances " were net in the time of Chrysostom, and are not i:owgenerally, i.e. is universally, neeessaryfor, sU\ation, because infants and children of i?ndor years cculd not receive the latter. <'n this point, therefore, the Anglican t hurch dissents from the belief of Chrysos t<m and differs from that of the Roman < lurch of the present day. St. Chrysostom lnul ai;d dieu in full communion with the N * of Koibc, as may be seen from his works ai <1 1-is homily *? Jje prarogalico Sarvcli, 1 '(<'," and he believed the doctrine of the real presence in the Encharist as Home did. f-eehis work "lie .Saetittati*;" and if Mr. \\\ hirington will read that work the quotation Li- gives from the letter to Citsarius will ap }i ar as a part of an argument and not as a distinct expedition of doctrine. The fact that CliniEOStoro communicated with the Bishops oi Aiilan and Aqnileia does not at all affect tl.e question of the suprtmscy of the see of I it tr, cor of hie belief in it; for he asserts ii in his homilies in the most distinct terms in at least six different places and ways. At all ei-ent?, witen he was ihiven cut of Constantinople he ap l<aled tc Pope Innocent L, who rein stated him. As regards the Council of 361, known as the second General Council, Mr. IN hitington docs not mention the fact that it was not summoned by the Pope, but by the hmpcior Thcodosius in order to settle the Aiaccdcninn'heresy. The decisions of this council condemned the heresy, and added ?<; me words to those adopted in forming the Nicene creed, in order to declare explicitly the teaching of the church concerning the hiisii ration of the Son and the divinity of tl:c Holy Ghost. It was net until several jtai-s tftei-wards that the decrees of this ioiiEcil vcrc coiifirmcd by the Pope, and thvu only was it acknowledged and regarded s? v general couuliL This fact affords addi tioi.al cvidrnce of the Koman supremacy, a;,tl it is further strengthened by the dis iii'-.vtnci' by the Pope of the third canon, vluh was agreed upon by the assembled li.-htps. Perhaps, as Mr. liVhitington ob ;?;ac?, ?*tho^c bishops were not over- It ?w.rtd by a sense of their duty I 1 !-ul-JnistJon to Home;" and naturally ?iinuph, liecause tlie question of Roman pre i ? native did not arise then or come before tUrn. Thty obeyed the call of Theodosius, i.'?y ever, *vbosc >ole object was to extinguish i. im:l kWtUiC heivsy in his dominions, and io maintain the unity of the church over v fck-fc the I'ojpe was supreme r-":ncc the above was written I have noticed the letter fix;in the Yen. Archdeacon Dove ? hid; Elixirs in your columns this morning. 1 nup-t iay in rcfircr.ee to it that there is i.cthicg advanced which has any fresh bear ing ui?n the points at issue, but there is a pcutdtal of new matter which is not mare correct then that which preceded it. I must observe at the outset that the Greek Church did uot tciiarate from the Latin Church till Uo3. In Sv* a temporary schism took place, i\ hich died out on the death of its promoter, if the Church of .England holds the same doctrines and is governed by the same order if ministers as the Universal Church heldand L.?u-c?&cd; in Ss> then she is to all intents l'tiiiiin Catholic; but the does not hold ihe tuiw doctrines as the Latin Uhui-ch held l*iore the Greek schism, or as the Greek t huivh held after it. Both of those churches believe iv trauoub&tantiation;, in regeneration, iii Laj)ti:ni—in the seven sacraments in short — LeMdcfi the culltus of the Virgin Alary, the invocation of saints, and prayers for the dead. The Anglican Church rejects all of these do&xn;&s; and observances. It is no <!oubt true that "the unity of the church is 1 reserved by the sacraments administered by a duly constituted order of clergy, who naui-niit from generation to generation the con.niission first given by Uhrist to the Ai-cstlce,' but that unity is badly exemplified ly &ect;s which repudiate the sacraments, nicmcnics, and dogmas held by that founda tion which lies at the root of all Christianity. As a matter of fact, the orders of the Church of England are not acknowledged by cither the Gierk or the Latin churches, and no amount of self-assertion can override this difficulty. It is ]-urely a legal entity. Its head is a lay i erson and a vroinaa. Its final court of appeal is a court of law. It is rent into laupeious or factions, or a* some uciignate them schools of thought, and it has neither the power nor the faculty of self i_tncniiiient. Such defects cannot belong to :i true church, and do not belong to the <. huivh Catholic. With regard to the Eug li>li Church in tlie year &S;>, there is no posi tive evidence that it had any existence as a liutional church in that time. That there v ere s>cnie Christians amongst the people is most probable, because many Christians must have gone to Britain with the Roman legions, but tbis would not give them cither an organisation or a status sufficient to enable t hem to occupy the proud position of being able to send bishops to a general council. The few Christians that might have existed in Britain disappeared before the invasion of the SNixons, and the people were pagan until Augustine and Boniface undertook tueir con version in c'Ji. Archdeacon Dove cannot be tt?*ll \wtcd in Cbrj'sostom's writings, <tl,er?ise he would not assert that the dotma of the seven sacraments did not e.\ivt in his day. lie be lieved in them and preached them, as* bis works abundantly prove, and notwithstanding Blr. Dove's sneer at the " corrupt following of the Ai*ostles" which he ascribes to the Koman communion, the prelate he refers to Mould have seen no reason to change bis faith if his writings arc evidence of the con scientious Lciief of the man. It is a matter of surprise indeed to me, as weli as to most others ol my creed, to see the anxiety dis j'lajed by Anglicans to fasten themselves on to the Catholic body by endeavoring to press the early fathers and their writings into their sen ice. The latest plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, churned by the lfinglish Par liament as its authority to found the Church ?f England and to mould the belief of the i>(itUh people according to its ideas, ought to sunicc tcr them as a justification for s.ny of the dcctiinal vagaries in which it iiidulgcd at the time of the lleforma iieu. A statute cannot bind the human wntcjeme, and this rrutli was nev?ir u;orc appiiicut than it now is amongst a numerous uud iiiliueutial section of the ti glith ChuiUi. Its effects will not be fully ?cali:??d until the ilUc:=tablishincut of that church takes plai-c We shall then see fewer attempts made to cUim for it attributes which it docs not possess, and one greit barrier which prevents the union of the A>i?-lican Church with the Church Catholic will be swept away. I have to apologise for trespassing so hirgdy on your space ; and whilst thanking you for your courtesy, I wi-h to suy tliat as far as 1 am concerned this correspondence will close here, as my ser.cral duties leave me no time to pursue it further. 