EUROPEAN & AMERICAN BREVITIES* (From the Detroit Echo. ) Codfish skins are now used to nuke gloves. Wxlkie Collins is at Torquay suffering severely from rheumatism. * Who eball decide when doctors disagree. The undertaker, of -coarse. It is claimed for a certain Boston bank that it has ten tons of gold in its vaults. Tbe*eruption of Mount Vesuvius is on the increase. Jewish exiles zrom niinu are arriving m Chicago faster than they can be cared for. The Marquis ol Lome will continue to govern Canada for three years longer. London Tana saye the ' time must arrive when the weak Central American countries will be absorbed into the United States. Sara Earnhardt is studying English with a view to retaining to the United States and playfnp Shakspeareaii characters. Latest reports from Fern indicate that the whole interior is broken up into local .factions* warring against each other. The Temple of Longevity, the largest and richest monastery in South China, has been burned fay a mob. A new law in JTaniw forbids say person marrying within hx months after procuring a divorce. Nearly 2500 new buildings have been erected in Chicago last year, at an aggregate cost of $17,000,000. Miss Leona Horn, of Pern, Neb., has ahead of hair sixty-eight inches in length and has refused $500 for her treasure. A Lspeer athlete wants to wreftte some one 'grecy roman style.' He had better wrestle with a spelling-book first. Miss Vsnderfailt's wedding dress had a 4xam fifteen feet long, and it wasn't a narrow gnage train, ertaber. Mile. Benihardt is in faDing health, but decline, to qoit the stage even at the BoliciU tion of her physician. Wagner, the oompoaer, -will visit London in April to conduct the teheusali of the ' Nihel lnngen ' in person. President Arthur keeps his wife's picture, which hangs in the White House. wreaQied with flowers, which are renewed daily. For bis first operation on the President last enmmer Dr. Agoew's bill is 45000, and for his otfaep medical attendance $27,000. The boy who held a deer by the tail in the water until it drowned 'lives at Indian River. It was either a short deer or* long taiL Captain Howgate, who occupies a cell in the same jail with Guiteao, was allowed to go home under guard and eat Christmas turkey with his family. A speculative young mao in Maine bought up all the pews in a- cnurch, got op a religious excitement, and sold out at an advance of 9500. A petrified alligator nearly six feet in length is said to have been found in solid rock, twenty feet trader ground, in a quarry two miles from Saratoga Spring*. The Nflra girls get their beaux to vaccinate them- It alleviates the pain wonderfully to have the loved ones see what beautiful arms they have, Blissfield has a woman who doesn't want to vote and doesnt believe in woman's rights, yet earns a livelihood by sawing wood with a The eccentric King Louis of Bavaria has suddenly disappeared from his capital, and ?netectim are scurrying around in search of MrVud^Mn. Eli M'Dougall, of Paw Paw, bond a basketful of baby upon their doorstep a few days ago. It was just what they wanted. Christy, the negro minstrel leader, left an estate of abort $200,000. but it has been reduced by litigation to §35,000, which has been awarded to the heirs of his widow. John E. Ingraham, a Huntington county. Pa., miner, placed a can of dynamite orn the above to dry. The place where he lived with his wife and four children is now indicated by a large hole in the ground. Eagle, a Nez Perce, Indian, having the small-pox, and being deserted by his tribe, calmly dug his own grave, lay down in it and died. This story comes from Lewiston, Indaho. Robert HaU~B criticism upon Dr. Chalmers is equally applicable to many a modern divine : ''His mind seems to move on binges, not on wheels ; there is incessant motion, but oo progress.' The Nw TortSun says the so-called starof Bethlehem, which blazes out at intervals of 310 yearn in the constellation of Cassiopeia, is now visible fn telescopes. It was last seen and described by Tycho Bache in 1572. The weather in England, as in this country, is remarkably mild. Ripe raspberries and strawberries are reported in the Isle of Wight, and song birds and wild flowers in parts of Kent. At Easton, Pa., one day last week, the dendon Iron Company touched off a blast to charge which required ten tons of powder. Forty thousand tons of Bolid rock limestone were broken into fragments by the explosion. Dunmire, the husband of Guiteati's divorced wile, who stood by her side with his hand on his hip pocket while she was giving her testi mony, says he would have ended the trial at once had Guitean offered her any insult. Great Britain employs in underground occupations so fewer than 378.151 persons, and the length of the gallery where the mining is carried on is found to be 58,744 miles. The greatest depth of the coal mines is 2,800 feet below the level of the sea. . L. von Faber, of Faber pencil celebrity, has been made a baron by the king of Bavaria. He has a large factory at Stein near Nuremberg, also nulls at Cedar Eeyes, Florida, wnere cedar logB are worked up for export to be used in pencil making. A New York firm is importing potatoes from Scotland, and shipping them to the mining districts of Pennsylvania, wnere they are Bold at a profit. One hundred tons arrived on Saturday, and 1000 tons are soon to follow. What is believed to be the largest steam boiler- in the world has just been built at Wiesenthal, in the grand duchy of Baden. It weighs forty tons, and the builder celebrated its completion by giving the workmen a lunch inside of it,' thirty persons sitting down to the table. The matrimonial boom at Niles still con tinues, and. there isn't a marriageable woman lci«- lucre wqu ui uuicciy wuiQwu. nope me tidal wave of affection bas carried some off their feet, who were supposed to be most firmly anchored in the calm hayrfof confirmed old maidenhood. A split one dollar bill was recently passed on a -firm at Colorado Springs, and subse quently the other half was presented at a hank and refused. It is the first instance known of a fibre bill being split, and the process by which it was effected remains a mystery. . ^ A hawk and snake were captured near Abilene. ^«f''«. under singular circum stances. The hawk was holding tbe snake's head in its talons so that it could not escape, and the snake was coiled about the hawk's wing so that it could not fly. Both were alive. -According to the official report of Frank H. Titus, United States commercial agent in Guatemala, some enterprising Yankee has seat a cargo of skates to be sold in that country, where the natives can go without clothing all the year round. He evidently thi*1^' *they should have something to wear. Fred. Kolhofi, of Saginaw, tied one end of a halter to his cow's horn, and the other to his left wrist, and instead of Fred, leading the cow ahe led Fred., '''yhing his shoulder and making him fill a forty-acre swamp full of bowls and German impreca tions. A man up in North Star. Gratibt county, tied a sheet about him, and went forth one dark night to scare a certain small boy. The boy did not scare mnch, but filled his pockets full ot atones, and pelted thegbost daring half a mile of hard running. The 'ghost isn't well n this week. ? A country boy upon coming to see the sights was taken by a town friend'to see the theatre. When the lights were down and the play had commenced he was handed an opera glass. Kramining it as closely as the darkness of the place would permit, he placed it to bis lipe and turned it upwards. Finding that no liquid was coming out of it, he handed it beck in despair, Saying ; ' It's empty, John ; there's %o* a single drap in'fc.' 