TOWN TALK. Our old friend Morton Tavares haa turned up at the Cape, where he played to a email bnt appreciative audience. He appeared as Hamlet, and seemi not to have been too well supported by amateurs. Forinstanee, the local journal tells us that no ghost could possibly have been more Bepnlchral than the gallant commanding officer, and that there was rather a superfluity of Ophelia, whose singing was not musical, though she made a good exit. An aotress whose exit iB seleoted for special mention by tho critic as the best part of her performance can hardly be regarded as satisfactory. But then the otitic may have been atrabilious. Critics often are. Ths ordinary meanings of English words, as given by tho best lexicographers, apply to all classes but policemen. They, by prescrip tive right, put their own construction on Eng lish words. Not long ago a gentleman, whose profession often requires his attendance at the Police Court, observed one night an intoxicated woman in the gutter, who was what is known to " civilians" as " dead drunk"—ehe was stupidly intoxicated,and mightas well have been a atook or a stone for any power of motion in her. The next day the professional gentleman was in court on business, and he was consider ably surprised when he heard the charge against that woman pronounced by the arrest ing " bobby" to be " drunk and disorderly, yer wurshup." That is why we say that policemen regard the English language from a different point of view from oivilians. Txxb folly of keeping obsolete laws in the statute book was never better exemplified than in Sydney the other day. An individual named Phillips was brought up under an Act ol Oharles II. for selling lemon drinks at a etal on the Sabbath day. The penalty of this awful offence is a fine, or, failing payment of that, so many hours in the stooks. There is no mention of imprisonment as an alternative, only stocks." The individual in question pleaded guilty to the charge against him, and th6 bench sentenced him, in terms of the Act, to a fine of 5s, or two hours in the stocks. Unhappily, that repentant vendor of lemon juice elected to pay the fine. If only he had accepted the alternative, what a precious quandary he would have put the authorities in to be sure! Would they have hunted up ancient authorities, and employed the Government arohitect to furnish plane of a stocks from " a drawing of the period P " Or would they hAvo had to let that malefaotor go, and beg him in mercy not to embarrass thorn by offending any more against that old Aot ? Mr. Phillips shewed that he was utterly devoid of all senfee of humour io paying that fine. " Tows Talk "has more than once drawn attention to the wonderfully innocent ad vertisements which appear in the papers from time to time by persons who think that, by simply giving notice of their intention, they can commit bigamy with impunity. But tho funniest case of this kind is reported in a London paper A smart-looking young woman with a child in her arms applied to the magistrate at Westminster for , advice and assistance. She and her husband were tired of each other; he was a bad fellow; slio could not live with him; she could earn her own living; but the question was, could she live with "another young man ?" The magistrate asked whether she was applying to him to countenance immorality; to which she replied. No; but she ought to have a husband. A very curious document was then pro duced by the applicant: Charles Williams and Isabella Williams, agreeing to separate—mutual separation." Here follows a list of articles «f furni ture of an exceedingly homely nature, including two bedsteads: I, Charles Williams, do freely give my wife, Isabella, the above mentioned goods for her own use; and 1 do hereby declare to not wish to set oyes on Isabella Williams, my wife, any more so long as I, Charles Williams, do live; and I will never claim her as mine, or follow her or annoy her wherever sbo may be." Signed by A. G. Vine, us witness. Poor Isabella got no encouragement from tho Police Magistrate, and had doubtless to fall back upon her two bedsteads for consolation. r Oirthe 17th'of February, wo are told, a few: enthusiastio Irishmen, met at Kapler to form a branch of the Irish Land League. Their fliet step was to summarily eject the reporter of A local paper. Herein they Showed their sense. J t would never do for a lot of people whose object is sedition, to aliow a reporter in their midUj A newspaper itpcirter who had to keep d secret of that kind would inevitably die of coniinenco PsorLs hayo made fan of that prize offere4 by Uias Konnedy to the Toowoomba Grammar 8ohool boy who could make tho best bow, but Mies Kennedy knew what she- was about* - A little polishing up is just what the rising generation here want. A boy is none the le6f capable of making his way in the world because be is acquainted with some of the courtesies of life. It is not advisable that a man should go through existence like a bull in a cbina shop* Miaa Kennedy's remarks on the occasion of the presentation of her bowing prize is worth re« producing. Addressing the accomplished Master Barlow, the prize bower, Miss Kennedy said:—"Yon, no doubt, know of all the criticism which has been bestowed upon the object of this prize. Some people think good manners of no importance, but yon evidently don't agree with them. It has been well said that'manners are the minor morals,' and I quite think it. Kext in importance to good manners comes, perhaps, punctuality; indeed, it is an essential part of them. I hope this watch may enable you always to be in time." Some people declare that tbia is ah age of irreligion. Well, if people hare not got a religion it is not because they have hot a lonrf enough list to choose from, in these colonies at anyrate—that is, if Victoria may be taken as a sample of the rest. The happy Viotorian in search of a religion has no fewer than fifty* eight to choose from. He may he what he likes, from an Episcopalian or Roman Catholic to an 41 Anythingarian." He may be a 44 Bush Quaker," a 44 follower of Bishop Oolenao," a " Choose for themselve*/' Nothing Par ticular," BAn Anti-humbugite," ."a: Bor- ; rowite" (a religion largely followed every where) ; or he can be a 44 Saved Sinner," or a 44 Reasonist," a 44 Man of God," or a 44 Nonde script," an 44 Iconoclast," or a 44 Neutral; " a 44 Sandemanian," or a 44 Morrisonian," and if he does not approve of auy of the varieties offered him in the Victorian census he can evi dently invent a religion for himself, and give it any eocentrio name that first comes into his head. Strange to say one of the largest religions, in this colony at anyrate, is omitted from the list of the Viotorian Government Statist. He says nothing about the worship of Bacchus. Victoria must be the Paradise of sohool* masters with a moral twist. It would appear that a schoolmaster there may commit any fault short of a capital offence, and yet keep well with his superiors. A commission on the education system has been sitting recently in Melbourne, and has brought some carious things to light respecting Government school masters. Here is one case of several queer ones, tak*n from a Melbourne parer In 1S7I the inspector reported that a teacher was not on actual drunkard, hut was on the bich road of becoming one. lie was removed from the school, and appointed an assistant ia February, 1S75, and the same year the insp ctor reports that a charge of drunkenness had fallen to (the ground. As to im« proper language, the weight of evidence was against it, but his removal was recommended to another school. The same year ho reports himself, but the record is 44 not fit for duty," and then he iito. get another chance. In 1S76, he gets another appoint ment, and tho same year the report is that he suffered from illness, and will often be ill unless ho alters his habits. The same year also, the inspector reported—*' The person should not be continued ia the service." Nexr, he is charged with using bad 1 tnguagc. He is suspended, and the charges are sua* talned, and he is not to be employed again ; but, in 1877, he is 44 to hive one more chance—to bo tho last." In October, 1S77, he is appointed an assistant* but in 1SS0 the board recommended that he should not be employed iu the suae school any longer, but in somo locality as far from publichouses as possible. Then at last his services are dispensed with. {The ouly wonder is that he was not promoted to ho Uuder Secretary for Education, or, at auy rate, chief clerk in the department. 1 Then there is a teacher appointed in 1S72. In 1S73 tho report concerning hiui is unfavourable. Ha gets into debt'and is sued, and the judge styles tho caseas the most aggravated and distressing that ever come beforo him. In ls<4 this teacher is removed owing to tho coudition of the tchool. N»xt there is a note that he is a capable teacher, but in the same handwriting he is charged with intoxication. There is a petition for his removal in l8 correspondent for the board of advice reports his sus pension for an assault on a member of the board. The next entry is that he is to be removed to another school, aud then he is appointed head teacher. He is next described as a fair tencher but eccentric, and in 1870 for gross impropriety, in that, being a married man, he'made offers of marriage to two girls, he is lismisscd. In 1873 charges of drunkenness are sustained igniust a teacher, and he is called ou to resign, but iu 1875 ho is appointed a head teacher. - In lS'd tho insj»cetor reports that he has little nc« quaintauce with his work, and iu 1877 he is *u>peudcd for drunkenness, and is removed to a school of a smaller size. In 1S79 lie f ils iu hu examination, and his services are dispensed with. That the dismissals ure tver inflicted at al} seems odd. Ono would imagine that the teachers would be allowed to remain in their positions until they express a desire to retire on fall pay. Our school authorities are a flinty hearted lot compared with their brethren of Victoria. . • • • Tits Cablegram to tub Quk&x.;—The Colonial Secretary bus received the following telegram from Earl Kiiuberlev, tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, dated London, March 6 '14 Tour message laid before tho Qucou. Her Majesty thanks Government and people for congratula tion*} ou her escape, and for expressions of tym* pathy and loyalty." 