INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALES. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, December 26. The cricket match between eleven repre- <*> sentatives of Victoria and an equal number of New South Wales, was continued on the Melbourne Cricket Ground to-day. The weather was "lovely, and there was a large attendance, between 10,000 and 11,099 persons being present. The Sydney innings was devoid of interest on account of the tame style of the batting. The Victorians bowled and fielded grandly, Bonnor particularly dis tinguishing himself. Unfortunately towards the end of the innings he ruptured a ligature of the ankle, and had to retire. It is donbt f ul whether he will be able to play on Satur day against the Englishmen. The feature of the day's play was the commencement of the second innings for Victoria, McDonnell and Blackham batting grandly, particularly the former. The decision of Mcti-ann in giving Blackham out Lb.w., especially when it was palpable thewieketkeeper and not the bonier appealed, was much commented on. THE PLAY. At 12 exactly the Victorians took the field, and Banncrmanand Murdoch, the twonot-out men, took their places at the wicket. The New South Wales captain had sot quite recovered from his lameness of Saturday, but was quite at home with the bat. Brace opened the bowling from the pavilion end, Midwinter trundling from the other. Both bowlers were well on the spot, and it was not till ten overs had been sent down, seven of which were maidens, that SO appeared on the board. After five more maidens had been bowled Bannerman put Midwinter nppishly to the off, bnt no one was near to take the catch—three resulting. When three more maidens had been recorded Murdoch hit one of Midwinter's hard back, and that bowler made a splendid attempt at a catch but only managed to save runs. Murdoch now drove Bruce bard past mid-off for a brace, Bonnor grandly saving the 4. He then drove the eamc bowler in the same direction for a quartette —90 up. At this stage of the game a change was made in the bowling by Allan relieving Bruce. Runs however, came more quickly, the century appearing amidst great applause. After a few more overs Allan changed ends, and Boyle relieved Mid winter, bowling underhand slows. The game now became more lively, and tens went up till 130 appeared on the telegraph.board, both batsmen scoring freely, Murdoch being <3G and Bannerman 62, both not out. Scott at this stage relieved Boyle, who had been getting punished somewhat severely. This made a material difference in the batting, which again became of a stonewall character, seven maidens being sent down. Murdoch's time had, however, now come, as he was grandly caught by Blackham at the wickets off Allan, and had to retire after a patiently-played inning, for 7L 2—71—136 appeared as Davis went to the vacant crease. One hundred and forty was not long in appearing on the board, and when 4 more runs had been added an adjournment for lunch took place. On resuming Allen and Scott again trundled. Bannerman with a triplet and Davis with a brace brought the score to 149, thus topping the Victorian total. Two to Bannerman, and then Davis was clean bowled by Scott. 3—5—157. Jones was the next man, and the score was raised very slowly to I<SB when Bannerman was run out. 4—78—168, Bannerman played a grand innings without giving a ghost of a chance. Garrett joined Jones and the game became very fast, the new coiner scoring very freely. 170 and 180 soon appeared. Garrett then hit Scott hard to the off and Bonnor in saving the 4 trod in a gutter and wrenched his ankle badly, which necessitated his retirement, his place being filled by J. Slight, the emergency man. Scott now canght and bowled Gar rett in grand style, the board showing s—lo—lS3. Gregory joined Jones and sent Scott to square-leg for 4. After Allan had sent down a maiden Gregory was given out Lb.w. to Scott 6 1 187. Hiddlestone filled the'vacancy, but did not last lone, being clean bowled by Scott before he had scored. 7—0—157. Evans came next, but he soon lost his partner Jones, who was clean bowled by Allan when the score stood at JS9. 8—15—1%). Spofforth joined his brother bowler, and at once commenced to score. He started bis account by a triplet, Evans seconding him welL The second cen tury soon appeared, followed in rapid succes sion by 210,220,230. Midwinter now relieved Allan, Boyle replacing Scott: 240 appeared, and then Bruce caught Spofforth at mid- off off Boyle, the board showing—9—3l—24l. Cleeve, the young Sydney bowler, was last man, and after making two singles, he lifted Boy le to the chains for a quartette. The next ball be hit hard to the off, and Slight made a grand attempt at a one-handed catch, but failed to hold the ball. Cleeve, however, ran, but Evans stupidly refused to move, and Ckeve could not regain his ground before Blackham bad the bails off. The inningsthus closed, the board showing 10-6—247T? 99 ahead of Victoria. Evans carried out his tat for a well-played 22. Sundries, 5. At a quarter-past 5 o'clock New South Wajes again took the field. McDonnell and Black ham were the first representatives of Victoria to try to wipe off the 99 required to save a one-innings defeat. Garrett trundled from the south end and Spofforth from the other end. Blackham opened the score by playing Spofforth to leg for 4; McDonnell followed this op by two triplets, one off each bowler— 10 up. After a few more singles McDonnell lifted Garrett over the chains for 5 and then bit him for a tingle, which brought 20 up. Thirty soon appeared, McDonnell contribu ting a quartette and triplet off Garrett and Spofiorth. Evans then relieved Garrett* and McDonnell at onoe hit him for 4 and a brace. Gregory went on vine Bpofforth, but rons still came, 50 going qp 32 minutes after starling. After 60 bad appeared filaekham was given ont l.b.w. to Gregory, the board showing— I—23—CO. Stumps were then drawn for the day, McDonnell being credited with 32 not out. Sundries 5. The following are the scores:— SEW SOITH WALES. Fust Innings. Massie, c. Pcntt, b. Midwinter O Murdoch, c. Blackham, b Allan 71 Davis, b: Scott 6 UanDerman, run out 73 Garrett, r. and b. Scott 10 Grepoiy, l.b.w. l>. Scott . ? 4 Biddlestone. b. Scott 0 Jones, b. Allan 15 Pimfltorth, r. Brnce, I>. Boyle 31 Cleeve, ran ont .. 6 Evaoa, not out 22 Sundries .. , 8 Total 247 VICTOR!!. First inniDRS , .. US Second Innings. Blackham.l.b-w. Ij. Gregory .. .. ..S3 McDonnell, not out .. .. .. .. ..32 Sundiiei ~ .. .. .. .. t Tciialfor one wicket .. .. ..CO Bowline Analysis. Balls. Suns. Mdns. Wkts. MiiTwinter _ — IBS 31 S7 1 Allan _ .. _ £r6 SI 33 2 Boyle (underhand).. SO 17 1 nil. Bojle(OTeriiand) .. E8 SO 13 1 Bruce , 100 £< H 0 Kelly 16 2 S 0 MacDonnell .... IZ 7 0 0 Scott [. 190 67 22 i 