THE DIFFICULTY AND THE RELIEF. WHAT is the difficulty ? The difficulty, of course, is having something in ns that is opposite to God, something that does not assimilate with His holiness, that refuses to harmonize with His love, and that, therefore keeps us apart from Him. In other words, the difficulty is sin. If there were no sin onr natures would staqd naturally and constantly in accord with His because He made man to resemble Himself; made man after His own likeness and pleasure. Drop out entirely the question how this sin got in ; it is there. It is inside of us—an internal disease, and not on the surface. It is of the heart, and not of the hands and feet. It belongs to character before it belongs to conduct, or else it would never seriously estrange us from God. It is a vitiated state of the spiritual system and its circulations. Its forms are manifold; it breaks ont into avarice, last, temper, falsehood, slander, vanity, selfishness, profanity, the whole brood of vices, crimes, impieties, worldliness. But they all have one organic root in the heart. And just so far as they master ns they drag ns apart from God. Just as far as ye yield to them we lose sight of Him and the blessed feeling of friendship, which is onr need. The difficulty is sin. What is the relief? What mast it be by the very conditions of the case ? In the first place, whatever it is mnst come forth ont of God Himself. Then the relief must be a living person. No dead expiation no/ mercantile bargain can heal the deadly and moral alienations. There must be personal affections, personal influence, personal mediation. It must be a person like ns, as well as from God ; of human sensibility, as well as of Divine authority and power. All the plenitude of God's wisdom and love and truth tnust. be there and all the sacrifice and suffer;- iug temptation of humanity. There oiUBt be a pot feet life, re veiling and incarnating thfe . rtirine. There must be a death, melting, ^%oving, redeeming-, by a transcendent sacrifice. You turn from the ima^e in the mind to the historic reality, and behold Jesus of Nnaaretb. He is the relief. You listen, and a voice out of heaven, " This is niv beloved Sm ; whoso believoth in ETna shall not perish, but ba**e eternal life." You listen a^ain, and a voice at his side, n Behold the Lamb of G«d, which taketh away the sin of the world." You listen again, and in hip own voice, " Come unto me," "fhe Son quick«ncth whom Bfe will" " Whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall n«vcr die.*' To save sinners this Saviour came into the world. And this Saviour is not only making intercession for His Church to-day in the heavens, but He is literally and personally present in the midst of His Church, fufilling His own promise, . the life of every believer's heart; not a dead Christ, but a living; not a departed Redeemer, but keeping personal relations with His own who love Him. What infinite inspiration in that faitli " And He lifted up His hands and blessed them."—Luke xxiv. No hands like these \ Once pierced and red with sacrifieal blood, Extended wide on the accursed tree, Wliile from His heart there rose the prayer to God " Forgive my enemies." What dt?pth of frrace ! He dies—there is He in the garden grave Who uiade the worlds, and is the Source of life, Condemning Sin atid conquering death to &&ve; y' Our fallen guilty race. 0 happy band, O'er whom the glowing heavens are shining bright, On whom the grand Higli-Priestly blessing falls, And glorv streams from Him Who is " The Light," As close to Him ye 6tand. Nor you alone— The uplifted Hands that soon at Pentecost, When men and women prayed with one accord, Bestowed the blessing of the Holy Ghost, With them have made us one. Where Peter stands, And " Jesus and the Resurrection" cries To unbelieving ears and stony hearts, Shadowed against the over-arching skies 1 see the uplifted Hands. On Stephen's head. Those Hands divine now rest, while on his face The glory of an angel's peace soon steals, And He then stands within the Holy Place. In life, whom men call dead. What mak<>6 the cell— Dark with the very essence of the night, Where Paul aud Silas lie in Pain's embrace— So grand a Banquet House, ablaze with light ? It is not hard to tell. Above the flame That fierce as Satau's rage the saint destroys. Of whom the blinded world knows not the worth, Those pierced Hands pour forth the martyr's joys Of Jesu'u hallowed name, And o'ef the poor— Not poor in living faith or IoVa, But all uncared for by a godless world— There are the Hands of Him Who went above. To open Heaven's door. The dying hour. When Time and Earth and loving Friends recede. And new scenes open to the passing soul. The hour of Victory grows, for Faith can read Above 4 The Sign of Power.' OVr all the lands Where truth is known, and men love God and men, Above all labour, prayer, and sacrifice, Is seen the Sign, plain now as it was then, Of the nplifted Hands. And they shall still, Ev'n to the end of time itself, pour down Their benedictions rich as love divine Upon all lands, 'till the redeemed shall own Htm Lord on Zion's hill. !—F.D. Huntington, DM. 