' R I C 0 O H E T 'S. By Riflealvn. It is always a feast or a famine in Laun- coBton with regard to public aniiisombnt, either nothing tb seo, or enough to Batiato tlio most ravenous palate. Treading 011 : tho liools of the Lyons' Tourists caino the Bacliolder Minstrels, who in' their turn wore quickly followed by tho Orphous Amatburs from Hobart. I tliink it a pity these latter came so soon in the wako of the professionals, as their line is one that must in nino cases out of ten seem tamo in comparison to tho professional element. For all that, tlioy are a talented littlo company, and gave, us Launceston- ians throe good oveiungs amusement, per forming to good houses.' If I might be allowed to make a suggestion it would bo that the " gag " of tho corner men would ' como better if they did not reproduce old jokes that must have biibn listened to with' delight some years ago by the Pharaohs, the Ciusars, mid Hermes Trisi- megistus. My marrow wiw absolutely frozen, or nearly so, by hearing, some jokes that lmd ;boon retailed tb irio bv 111V fourth form' school mates! in the days ,'of old Lang Syno, when ive all wore! piniv- fores. Again, the reiide'ring " of the "goaks" requires animation,' find do' not < sound so won when deliybred as answers to tho Church ' catechism,' Are1 generally given by infants, of. tender years." The; Club liavo' talents, very iniicli' so " indeed ; but tlioy most of thoiii, have 'tlio "iiapkin" also, in which tb hide them. "Tlio 'teiior is really "good,, and ' I1 hbrbby 'lieartjly. thank him .for' his 'bxcollbiif roiidoviiig 'of . "Sqnio' day." T 'myself" clnly hopq to hear him, again some diiy, iiiid.1' trust the " sonio day," lyhen' I liiivci " tlio f oppor tunity will bo prolonged' into lhany. days'. " Dora " flashed a rag of !, lriombry back into niy ricocheted hoart, iiiid 011 hearing Mr ' Taiiibourme in his.coinid.'sbngs I' folt young again. As to the' tenor soiigT liavo to say " only this," I loye'il. ', ; So Launcostoii is,; lifter all, not, to bo tho head centre of tlio iiiiiiiiig industry,; "as far as tlio official business is co'ncorncd; Wellj tho result is much wliiit I all , along anticipated. Wo are hot rille'd iii this colony by our heaven-born legislators, but by the organ of Mncqunrio- Strect. Our colonists are — lit loast nino out of ten of them— thoroughly apathetic, , and care not who represents thorn; ergo, Ju piter Macquario Mcrcurius liurs his dread thunderbolts lit tho head of our classic Pre- niior, tho redoubtable Attorney-General, who haying 110 shield of brass (in reality, though possessing plenty in another sense), is pierced through and throligh. Things <will, I suppose, now goon in tlio same old time-honored fashion ; the premier indus try of tho colony will bo hampered by bad legislation. Citizens interested in its liur- suit will suft'or, Ministers will draw their screws, and laugh in their sleeves, and Morcuriiis Jupitor will score- anothor trick in tho lovely game of political ecarU. On Monday ovening liist I happened to bo in the Mechanics', nnd of course tlio larrikin elonient was about. - A 'hideous' imitation of a' locomotivo whistlo ' inter rupted a good song. Straight to tho front, i or rather . tlio i back,-; marched n ' stalwart; guardian of tho peace in full wiir ''paint,; and halted near tlie suppbsod- delinquent ;' but like the proverbial King' of Franco' who marched up tho hill,- and tlion! inarched down again, lie retired without having effected a capture. Why is this thus? : Had assistance been needed to effect tho capture, plenty was available. It is this failure to make 1111 example of these rowdy hoodluniB that encourages thorn to con tinue to pursue tho error of their ways. Monday night saw n good opportunity lost, and the larrikin in question will now chant 1 his own version of " Excelsior," and olimb higher and higher up tho larri kin path, till lie reaches tho summit of liis mnbifcitm unil inita n. n.M fr nliiiv nr six months. : The great Archie is coming. Archibidd Forbes I moan, of course. If I can raiso a ticket I mean to hear Archie, and listen to his remarks 011 Kings, Queens; Dukos, Duchesses, Princes, Princesses, Generals and Generalesses, and German strategy. Seriously, it is a big " throw in" for tho Tasmailian public to have secured Mr Forbes for a few lectures, and I fancy most of us will on this occasion not noglcct our opportunity. It is not every day ono can listen to a lecture delivered by a man who hns travelled with every continental army and is equally at home with a Chef d'cscadron, a Hauptmann, a Tol- toovik, a Mulazim, a tilteikh or a Czar. I diffidently suggest that Mr Forbes, should lie deem it fit, might give 11s his ideas 011 tho late short and decisive campaign in Egypt, and tell us if hu still holds to thu idea that Moltko and company could have put tho job through quickur and butter. Sir Garnet and Sir Beiiuchamp have done well accor ding to all apjieeriwecs. I seo a correspondent in anothor papor, who signs his nam do jilunus as " Junius," is great 011 criticising thu forensic elo quence of certain luuiuliurs of the Mutual Improvement Association. Well, there are critics, nnd critics. "Junius," no doubt is a master of his art. His nam de plume or noiii. de guerre, whichever I10 chooses to call it, savours somewhat of ambition. I hope it may not o'orleap itself. The real name of thu original and eolobrated "Junius" was provocative of much and serious controversy. Mis iden-' tity, in spite of laborious research, has never to this day been established. The identity of tho Launceston "Junius" will 11ever .be established either, for the siinplo reason that tho citizens, the mombors of- tho Mutual Improvement Association especially, are hardly likoly to trouble themselves to ascertain it. In- these days of universal bolief in the eminent superiority of thu German nrmy, and tho ideas prevalent, that for strategy, tactics, and elan, thu German army Btands alono gloriously pre-eminent, I confoBs to reading with considerable satisfaction tho following words in modest plain ; English, published in Sir Garnet Wolseloy's despatch relative to thu action of Magfar (which ' name by- tho-byu was 'telegraphed to the colonies by tho astute Router as Dam Canal Nafar.) Sir Garnet, with 2000 British troops engaged a force of 10,000 Egyptians and was somewhat hotly pressed. Says Sir Garnot, "I could seo tho onoiny wore being strongly reinforced from Tel-ul-Kobir. I could- seo the trains arriving, and thought it in-1 consistent' ioith the traditions of the' Queen's ariny,to retire beforeany number of Egyptian troops, aiidso decided to holiifhe gr'ounduntil reinforcements arrived." I have taken. the liborty of italicising tho above, words 'in tho report of the gallant Sir Garnot;' ' Ho1 did lipid t liis , ground,' ' got liis reinforce ments up; and then wont hhuiul,.giyjng Arabi Boy and liia mo'rry.meh hiovcr the ghost of a cliaiico tq rally between' Tol-el- Kobir and Cairo;;' ' Just so,' Sir Garnot ! It is ' contrary ' to .the", traditions j of ' Hor Majesty's' arinji |to ; retreat before" Egyp tians, Guf mails', French, Itabjuis, ' or any other mob'.'' :Had cortain' ' oth'or Guiioriils I could naino have" maintained tlib same opinion, Maiwdnd would liavo hot; bocil the disgraceful- retreat, it lyiis. Isandula lind Majuba Hill 'wbro'disiistcih owing 'to 'bad generalship/ but the' men (plight jyeil ; at Isandula tlioy f„l to .it . maii. , I only 'hope SiiiGariipt's exaiiiplii will '.bo .c'atoli- iiig, .aiicl tliat frphi the Fiuld-Marsh'ai; !to the dritiiiihor'boyyory individual soldier, will consider it as' contrary,; to' thbl'tra- ditions of Hbr. Majesty's' army, to, retreat in ' tho faco of any foe, of, whatever nice, sect, or ci'ocd. ' ' ..'m q 