A DISMEMBERED GHOST. Some years ago there was a house in Dedham, Massachusetts, which was haunted by a small yellow ghost. This ghost— a female— was an alarming ghost to contemplate, for she had been cut in two at the waist, and made a point of walking up and down the room carrying the upper part of her body under her left arm, with the head hanging down and the eves wide onen. Exorcism was tried but without effect, by a Methodist, and also by a'Congregational minister and although the local Episcopal rector as serted that the failure of the exorcists was owing to the fact they were not properly ordained, and said that he was ready to exorcise the ghost himself, his services were not acc^SSiJF One night ay^yiM' engineer.?? muolriiiteiiigence 'ana* great'* personal courage, called at the hauuted house, and asked permission to sleep in the spare bedroom. He exhibited letters from several members of the Adams iitamily, ana, his respectability being thus established, his request was granted. He went to bijd early and slept peacefully until 12 o'clock, when he suddenly awoke. The ghost was plainly visible —the full noon shining directly into the' room- but the young man's nerves were not in the least disturbed. He made up his mind that the ghost had n definite object in making herself visible, and he had guessed what that object was; He inquired with much courtesy if the ghost wished to be mended, requesting her; to nod if such was the. case. She nodded in the most unmistakeable manner. The engineer thereupon rose— and it should bo montionod that, in deference to the sensibilities of v a New England ghost, he had gone to bed in his clothes — he took from his hand-bag a bottle of cement and a roll of bandages. Begging the ghost's pardon for the liberty he was about. to take, he gently placed the upper part of her body in its proper position, fastening it firmly with the cement, and covered the joints with bandages. She disappeared 'after kissing her hand to him in the most friendly manner, and has never since been seen. This incident, which occurred m the summer of 1873, shows clearly that the Dedham ghost had haunted tho house in hope of meeting with some intelligent person who could mond her, and that gross injustice had been done her by those who imagined that she was simply making an aimless exhibition of herself.— New 'Torfc Times. _ Oil, (lit that although Messrs. Moody and bankey did not wish a word to bo said about the matter in public, they insisted privately upon boinghandsomoly remunerated during-their yisit to England, the remuneration being.at tho rate of about £700 per month. The announcement of the approaching marriage of the youngest son of the Queen has been hailed with cordial satisfaction by all classes. Tho lady chosen for his bride is Princess Holene, of VValdeck, younger sister of the Queen of the Netherlands and niece of the Queen of Sweedon. She is eight years yffunger than her future husband, and comes of a Pro testant family. Tho father, the Prince of Waldeck-Pyrmont, rules, over a small princi pality of the German empire, the capital of which, Arolson, contains only 2500 inhabitants ? and the family are described as leading a simple and patriarchal sort of life at the castle of Arolson. Aonther Change Gone.— Irate Old Uncle (to Nephew)—' Unpunctual again ! How is it you never nan keep an appointment ?' Outat ulHort's Nephew (coolly)—' Because I've never had a good 'un to keep, sir.' Now, if you'll get me something light, under Government, from 12 to 2 ?'— [Exit Uncle.] General Sherman does not regard himself the greatest soldier the world has ever saw. Ho is not snch an egotist as that. He humbly puts himself the second greatest', so to give Napoleon a show. An old aphorism says :—' Hasty peoplo drink the nectar of existence scalding hot.' Perhaps thoy do in the winter, but in suminor tho custom is to put in plenty of ice and a squeezo of 