[?] The Daintree and Bloomfield Exploration. VII. Friday, 18.— My mates were all prospecting Scorpion Cieek. They can get a little tine gold all along the bed of the creek, sometimes a grain to the dish. The leeches are something frightful on this creek. They have made my mates' legs full of holes, and (hey cause one's legs to be one stream of blood. The sensation they cause after falling off would make any one tear his legs to jjieces. A slight thunderstorm lo-dav. Saturday, 19.— My mates arc still prospecting the tribu taries of Scorpion Creek. They got a pretty little specimen to-day and a little fine gold. 1 went S.E. about five mile3 to-day, and had to cut my road through three miles of jungle ; then I rose on a high range, the divide between Scorpion Creek and the Annie. Splendid soil on all these mountains. I then bad open country for two miles, when I was pulled up again with a large patch of jungle. Off this high spur the sea was very plain and like a small island. It must be north of the mouth of the Daintree, and 1 think it must be a rock (Black Eock), tor there is no island marked on the chart. 1 also saw a broad sheet of water winding its way through a flat ; I fancy this must be what the cedar-getters call Bayley'B Creek. On my return home I got caught in a very heavy thunderstorm. Some time after I arrived in camp, I heard like the cooey of a child, and I asked M'Lean and Hammond to go down the creek and see what it was. They brought back a poor, miserable, half-starved little black boy. The gin recognised him as her young brother, and on bis mother hearing the rifle the other day she ran away and deserted him, and the little fellow had been wandering about ever since. My mates gave him a large piece of bread and beef, and he seemed perfectly ravenous. Sunday 20.— Gilbs, Pompo, and I took horses and started to find a track to the southward. We rode along an open spur, the course of which was west, for about three miles. Our course altered here to due south. After we had followed this spur for half a mile we had to cut through a mile of dense jungle. The spur then gradually rose very high. After following it for three miles we were surrounded with jungle, so we dismounted and left Gibbs here to mind the horses, Pompo and I went into the jungle, steering south for two miles. Then we rose on a hill and tried to keep our course, but the mountains were too steep and the scrub too dense. We then tried east but met with the same luck, and to make things worse I got the fever, and threw myself down on the wet leaves and muck, refusing to go any further. The smell in these jungles after heavy rain is horrible. I told Pompo to try a spur going S.W. ; he did not like leaving me, and said the blacks might come. I said, 'Go on, I don't care if all the blacks on the Daintree were here when I have the fever.' So the little fellow started away, and appeared to me to he a very long time. When he did return, he said he found a very small pocket in the direction I sent him, but he said there would be a good deal of scrub to cut to get into it He also said he crossed a small running creek, and, by the way he described it, it must be a tribu tary of the Annie. As I lay down among those rotten leaves I would have given the world for a drink of water, and the sympathy I got from Pompo was that he had had a good drink at the running creek ; and, with a lot of humor ing, he coaxed me out of the scrub to where Gibbs was waiting with the horses. Gibbs was also stuck on this mountain without a drink. On our way home we got a proper drenching with a heavy thunderstorm. The water in our tents was running over the tops of our boats. It is very dangerous travelling here in a storm, for on this rich soil the trees have no taproots, and you can hear them falling in all directions. Monday 21. — Gibbs and I started again to-day on foot to the 8.E. I must get a track in this direction somewhere or somehow, for our rations are running short, and I would like to have another look at the Daintree lower down before 1 leave it. With a lot of walking and looking we got some open spurs although very crooked. Almost everywhere one turns one is met with the cursed jungle. The country is frightfully broken, but it is splendid soil everywhere, and wherever the mountains are open they are thickly covered with young grass. In four miles we rose on a high moun tain at the head of Scorpion ('reek. We could see the sea very plainly about E., also a Wge running creek coming in on the eastern side of the river. It runs about west, and heads from the heights of Alexandria! The country in that direction looks very broken and scrubby. Looking south, we could trace the Daintree for miles, running about south. The country on both sides seems terribly rough and broken. There also appears to be a great deal of jungle along its banks. We could see the smoke of a large camp of blacks to the westward of us, in a gorge, and it looked four or five miles distant. Made a couple of attempts to get to the river, but were foiled with jungle. Saw several large reefs, and all the creeks and ravines were full of quartz wash. The formation of all the country about here is elate. Got drenched with another thunderstorm. Took a short cut home, and had scrub very near all the way, and got a good worrying with leechew. It was near dark when we returned to camp, and I was completely worn out, for the fever has made me as weak as a child. Tuesday 22. — The natives are getting troublesome again ; I cannot stand any more of their larks. We have had thiee horses fipeared this trip — two of my own, and one Government horse. One of mine died in great agony. The Government horse we have just cured. Another fine mare we have on hands, getting on well. The spears are very poisonous here, corruption running from the wound for weeks. So I started Gibbs, M'Lean, and Hammond to try and shift them. Gibbs ib a first class tracker, so I have no doubt but what they will succeed. They returned in the evening and said they were walking through jungle most of the dav, and when they were getting near the natives' camp there came a very heavy thunder storm, (and it does rain here with a vengeance), and washed oat every sign of a track. So they were closer to a large camp of natives than ' they expected. The natives saw them first, gave the alarm, end my mates had not the ghost of a enow with them in the jungle, once they were seen. They had a new Ameri can axe with them and a great quantity of spears, and were verv busy making a new lot of spears. 'Wednesday 23rd, Camp 37.-My mates were prospectag down Scorpion Creek before dinner, but could only get fins colours of gold, thecreek being very rockbound. Af terdinuer we commenced packing up to go to the head of Scorpion Creek, a distance of four miles S.E., in a straight bne, but we will have to travel very nearly twice that distance to get there, the country being so scrubby and broken. We are now camped on the high country I spoke of the other day. where Gibbs and I last were. Scorpion Creek junctions into the Daintree, four miles below our last camp, and run& about north. I forgot to mention on the 22nd that the black gin gave us the slip. Thursday, 24.— M'Lean, Beattie, and Gibbs started to try and get on to the Daintree River, and prospect it. YV*e can trace it very plainly four or five miles east of our camp, and it appears to be all jungle between it and our camp. 1 left Hammond and Pompo to look after the camp and horses, and I started on foot to examine the country in a S.E. direction. In a mile from the camp I went down a verv steep range, the dividing range between the waters that' run north into the Daintree and those running east into it. In another mile I crossed a running creek ; its conrse is east. It is very gorgy, and there is thick junele all along its banks. The formation is hard, black looting slate. I eaw several quartz reefs crossing the bed of the creek. .After cutting through half a mile of jungle rose on an open* spur on the southern side of the creek. The country changes here greatly. Where there is no jungle the ridges are thickly covered with undergrowth, and very little grass on them, and what is on them ' is not much account. The soil does not appear to be so good, ex cepting where there is jungle, and that is very often, for I was in it verv near all day, and could not get a view of any thing ahead.' I heard the natives cooeing several times not far from me. I suppose I walked five miles S.E., and I could not get a camp anywhere for the horses, so I turned back. When crossing the creek I spoke of this morning I taw very fresh native tracks where they had been tracking me. The watbr was quite wet on the rocks whero their wet feet had been, but I did not see any of them. When I returned to camp it was very near dark and the others had only just arrived. They had had a very hard day of it, having to cut thrir road to get to the river, and when they got there the river was that rough and gorgy they could not get a place to lay. Gibbs said he saw a very fresh lot of native tracks. Saturday, 26. Camp 38. — My mates came to tbe conclusion that the Daintree is not worth following down any further, every yard they go having to cut their road. That is no joke carrying a'rifle and tools through these scrubs, besides 1 em very bad, clean worn out, and the beef we are using, and have been using this laet month, is horrid. My mates bought a bullock at Mitchellvale when starting out of their own pocket, and cured it themselves. We fared very well while it lasted. I wanted to be allowed to buy the bullocks on the road with the Government money, and cure the car cases myself— but oh ! no, that could not be. The money nrast be spent in Port Douglas, and we had to suffer for it. Packed up and travelled back along our outward tracks, and camped at Camp 35. I have a heavy dose of the fever, lying down wherever I have a chance. Sunday, 27. Camp 39.— Travelled about 12 miles, southerly course ; struck Daintree high up and camped. Lost a fine staghound slut to-day. I am getting a great deal worse. Ihe niggers were cooeing and lighting fires up the side of Mount Grey. My mates had to watch the horses veiy near all night to keep them from getting speared. Thursday, December 1. — I am still very ill, am unable to travel, and we are getting very short of rations. We have very little sugar. My mates will not use it, bnt have left it for me ; and they are getting short of tobacco. One Rood thing they catch abundance of fish here. The little black boy Pompo has been carrying this week gave him the slip. He was very 6mall and nearly starved when we picked him up, and we carried him along out of charity. We thought if wo left him in the bush the native dogs would have worried him. The little fellow used to eat bread until one could see nothing but a big belly ; he was like one of our kangaroo dogs, never refused victuals at any time. He told both Pompo and me his native name was ' Deargo.' The weather is very hot and tbe noise of the locusts is almost deafening. Sunday, 4. Camp 44. — I discovered this morning that some of my horses had given me the slip. A Government mare, heavy in foal, was in great agony. I cannot afford to stop here to look after them, so we packed up and travelled home on our outward tracks to Michellvale, leaving the. Government mare behind us, she not being able to travel. Camped close to Mitchellvale, and here the party intend breaking up. I must not omit to state that three of my men were real good men, very persevering and hardworkers. Gibbs was invaluable, either in or out of the camp, shoeing horses, looking after them, prospecting, and scrub cutting, and for camp work he could not be beaten. Hammond and M'Loan were all there when wanted for the work they were . acquainted with, and never hesitated to do what I wished done. ? C. PALMERS rONE. 