IftoveUst. GRIT. A Story of tho past and proscnt; of ordi nary men and ordinary tilings, In ordi i norv lansruaKO. . ? \- BY DONALD CAMERON. ; AUTHOR OF ' IN TIIE FOLDS OF TIIE SEItFENT,' ' BILvijBWATKIl DEKD,' BTO. ' Bo suro thy sin'wiU find tlioo out.' ' '? ? It is ft beautiful belief : ! ' Tlmt ever round our bond Aro liovering, on angel vrings, Tlio spirits of tho (load. ' CHAPTER 1. It was. a burning Bummer's day, on the . gie'at goldfield of Grit. The sun had risen in a clear cloudless sky at dawn, blue as the purest'ultramarine; but, as the burning golden globe of the sun ascended the heavens, be coming a leaden yet glaring dark purple, relieved 'With chrome, on the horizon-1— a ;. chromo'that encroached upon the purple as the day grew and the heat waied fiorce.' From this terrible; setting the sun shone upon tho eftrth with all the power of a giant burning glass, tho world rcfleoting the heat with a fierce resistance, the result of the strugglo being.Been. in. the mirage which made itJseom i ? ?as if the ay were' in combustion. And the world of Grit, upon which the Sun shone that day, was of suoh a character as added fury to the-heat, and made it Uke Nebuchadnezzar's furnace. ? ? ? Standing upon tlio highest of the many hills of -}rit; the eye took in an ariel expanse of desert,' wherein was riot to be Been a green thing;' nothing but yellow and red earth, arid dingy bluish-grey gum trecs-^or. rather eucalypti scrub, — for the diggers had out down the older trees. Everywhere the eye saw the holes sunk by the miners, and their accom panying tuinult of red, yellow, white, or gray earth; : Far below the observer could be seen 1 thousands of tents on the flat and hills-— tents no doubt once White, but now of the prevail ing briek- red tone of color that made the heat and dazzle intolerable. It was a terrible day. So thought the in numerable tribes in the heat and dust of Gritty Flat, as they worked away, hauling up. stuff from the shafts, or rocking the cradles by the muddy waterholes. It was agreed on .Gritty Flat that such a day had not been ex perienced since the goldfield had been opened. But, as the samo observation had been made, every day during the past month, the remark could not carry much weight. Upon one thing, however,1 the diggers agreed that the only way to relieve' the outer man was by pouring liquid into the inner — a belief well carried out, for all day there was a constant stream to the straggling Btreet of tents' called; the town. It was a long street ; straight, geometrically speaking, but crooked to tho ex treme in its ways. There, on thiB fearful day, beer and brandy of very dubious quality were retailed fizzing hot— for the tents were! fariiouB heat conductors, and the thermometer, would have registered over 100 degrees if placed in any of the liquids. Bed-hot barmen stood in front of the wooden structures called bars, retailing brandy and perspiration at the, same time. ^Numerous customers who had imbibed these decoctions and been too earnest: in their devotions to Bacchus, had fallen in v the unequal strife; and the newcomers had' to step' over then- forms/ . 'What a Bight was Gritty Gully that day. Tbojisarids of tents glistened and blistered in; flis'suif as if im anny had encamped there to 'do battle 'with ari enemy.- And it was so. , The anny of , mammon had Bought this ondo quiet spot, and put to rout the sylvan gods ?'that abode there in peace for myriads of years. \- Henceforward it was to be a busy haunt 61 the great race which seemed destined to fill the world : tho Anglo-Saxon— thee race that fears neither climate, disease, nor death. ? ' Even now the institutions of the great mother-land were in full force. Where tho ? carcase'is there will tho eagles be gathered together.1 Where' Englishmen are there will be whiskey and public meetings. . At tho'timo; we enter upon the scene tho public square ''was filled' with thousands of .diggors who wero ' holding a meeting about their rights in defi ance of the blazing sun. On a barrel— kept in its place by acouple of stalwart miners — a furious demagogue was holding forth on the rights of Britons who, nover would be slaves except to the drink fiend ; who would have this, that, and the other thing if their blood wero to flow around them; but a. flow of wliiBkey was the/more -likely event. Every now .and then the demagogue's admirers would , hand him a' large blaok bottlo from which he . drew inspiration, and.returned;to his task of; vilifying his commission amidst the cheers of the crowd that exclaimed* as with one voice,, ' Fine fellow, Bunakum. 'Ho takes hiB liquor ' like a man.'; ; ' Fellow countrymen I' Shouted ; tho do-i mngogue— his faco as fiery as tho sun above ? his head. ' Are you to bo slaves/ to work in, this gully to feed such a vampire as that ?', . — shaking his, huge. red; fist at the opposite' liill known as tlio'camp',- where tho goldfields': commissioner was' supposed to be resting in tho lap of luxury under a doublp, -roofed tent.; ' Will you , toil until blood oozes from your fingers, that he may enjoy the fat of -the land,: and drink his wine, and smoke his cigar — , the beat Havanas— at yourexpensp 1. Nover 1'; 'Hooray !,' came from a thousand throats. At this particular stage several intho crowd became irritated, when thinking of their . -.wrongs ; and, by way of providing a safety-: valve for their feelings, slashed i»tp tho -pex-. sons who did not cheei', which was presump tive ovidenco that they wero in leaguo' with: tlie_ tyrants; and a fow hundreds wero hard at fisticuffs, hitting away at random, and for tho love of the thing. . These ructions were, glorious, and tho diggors thoroughly enjoyed them; ' . i 'Fellow countrymon 1' cried Bunakum, whoso pronunciation waB now becoming thick, ' As that . glorious sun 'shines resplenderit,— ['Hooray,' shouted thoso not engaged- in tho combati . delighted at tho use of such a big phrase]— in the heavens above, supreme, so shall , your rights be vindicated ; and you shall triumph over this -foil and cruel tyrant.: Another drop, Bill;' ? ? 1 : ' . The last words were addressed to one of his supporters, who at once complied by handing him: tho bottlo. Bunakuni took ? a powerful draught, and then, gazing .'over tho crowd,: attempted to speak, but utterly failed. ? He gave another idiotic look, and then fell; back' into the arms of his friends, ' who boro him; away to tho nearest shanty, amid.the com miseration of all. ' It was, too muoh for his feelings,' was' the general expression— Mif course the liquor could have had nothing to. do with it. He had fallen in a noble cause;' The platform was now mounted by a rather younger, man. Ho was tall, arid although, strong, of somewhat ungainly ,, make. HiB faco, red hair, and beard, marked him as Scotch, or of i Scotch descent. His counteri , anco boro a strange mingling of tho sensati-' tional and. tho intellectual ; ? in tho mouth and jaw tho foriner predominated, and in the brow the latter; The features Were hard and unprepossessing: oxcopt when : he suited, and then : there wi)S ; a great fascination in his faco. A frown,' lioweverer, . was tho general, expression, and the: faco conveycd tho, idea, of great dissatisfaction with , himself and the whole world. His- was the faco of a man who had great expectations, and had found them vanish like tho visions of a happy night. No wondor that ho was not oyor popular with the diggers. ' Hector Macinnes is going to spout cried the diggers. ' He's not much account 1 Too dry.' 'He does'nt take muoh grog/' said. an in dividual, well advanced towards that happy stage, ' that 'counts for it.' '. This was accepted by all na a good and suf ficient reason for Hector's dryness. Hector spoke in a very different ? stylo to that of Bunakum. He put the- matter : in ; dispute very clearly, and sought to point out. tho best way of settling it, esohewing all appeals to the passions, fighting for their; rights, repeat ing the Eureka Stookado episodo, &o.;, (So. His romarks -*woro coldly listened to by the crowd, although he was recognised as ' one of US.' 1 Hector had spoken ; about , fifteen minutes when a woman elbowed her way towards the barrel. She had, once .been beautiful.- The traces of a fine skin and pleasing features were still Visible; but an irregular life under tho sun: of Victoria made her not altogether sufficiently .presentable, in a drawing .room. She too .was. evidently suffering from i the general complaint. . , ''Come home, Hector,' she said mildly. 'What are you doing, blathering here when you, ought to be at, work?. Oomo now; none of your nonsense .and blathornkiting. Get off that and come homo with me, or things will be worse for you.' : -: ' ? ? . Heotor Maoinnes blushed scarlet. A ter rible scowl olouded his face. V Go home, Janet,' ho said, 'I'll follow.'' 'Nonsense, cried tlio woman, I won't. You'll have to come. That's flat. For, if I leave you here you'll go on talking till ? all's blue; and I may sit at homo till I grow a fixture before you come. I won't move till you come with me.!' ' , Hector Macinnes; shut his teeth, and, glaring at the woman as if , he could have killed her, jumped off the platform and walked away i with her, amid, the deafening jeers and laughter of the assembled crowd that vastly enjoyed the. scene. ' ' There'll be a row at their tent to-night, I bet,' cried one. ' She isa.Tartar 1 And he's got a devil of a temper. You can see it in his face.'. ? 'It is. a shame for a. man like him to be disgraced by tliat woman,' said a young fellow. ' ? ? ? ? ' Disgraoed I' cried an Irishman, with a face like a full mobn. ' ' Sliure and didn't she kape him from shtarving? None iv your disgrace, my flash fellow.' ? ' He'll be the death of her yet,' said a man in the crowd. 'It'B' only last week he was up at the court for beating her nextito death's door.' Such were the scenes of . the early digging times. Some may cavil with us for repro ducing them; but it is false philosophy to be eternally whitening the sepulchre. It is a necessity .for the development of this, story .that Ave ' should depict such scenes.1 It is a necessity if we are to ;bd true historians of the past tind the present— the oho growing out of the other. We have to take tho world as we find it, not as we would wish it were. ' OHAPTEB II. ' '? . At tho time this scene Was talcing 'place ; on Gritty. Flat, , Janet's only, son was taking; his siesta, and enjoying the ilnlcc far niente on one of the amphitheatrical hills that looked, down upon the valley of Grit, under tlie thin shade of an aged eucalypti which;had esoaped ' the ravages of tho diggers because it, grew on; the, summit, .and wasjeft as, a landmark— hence the;eminen'ce,Tfascalled One .Tree Hill. . He, was ,a rafher picture6qud, lad, just emerging I from, early, boyhood, but. ypt somo removes; from a man. . To dress he made no particular' i pretence, and had no right to. An , old^ Cali-' fornian'hat, fully entitled to be called a ven , tilator, covered, his .head, or . rather thq . back! of , i^, for it vras the fashion of ;, these times to wear the hat on thd^back of the h'ead^: ,His clothes were of a most miscellaneous descrip tion. ,Th? coat %ui- many . sizes too pinaU,, the trouBers. : large . enough , for , a Dlutchman, and the whole covered witli, yellow olay,,- His; ,wa? rather a handsome face, as farj: as could .be judged, through tho dust that adhered to it. ! Thd'foatures were, perhaps, a trifle saucy and bold ;. but tho pleasant good humor.pervading them, tho roguish twinkle of the eyes, and the, sweet smile upon his lips made him a'lovoablp1 lad— one no person could dislike. ' Easy good nature seemed his charaotoristio. There was, an .'easy, devil-mayrcaro, happy-go-lucky look' .about him ' that told .mightily in' his favor., His form, too, attracted attontion. Wliat is, ' ple'asanter than to gaze on tho human figure, When it.has begun to' develop and'fill out into' tho rounded outlines of youth ? And Jaok's limbs wero beginning to fill out ; and woll formed thoy were, though no ingenious tailor, had helped to display them. 1 On- ttio whole,' however, rough' though' his1' appearance^ no girl budding into; womariKo'od could hiiVe' .passed him without oaStirig upon Him' an ap proving glance, were she possessed of anyj tasto at aU. ' ' ' | ITlierb was also another fact- apparent? when: one looked at'Jack: ho was Tory lazy. Tho1 ; very posfi of his limbs demonstrated that. He ought, by :rights, to havo beon ^prigging away with a pick in, one of the 'inriuroerablo bur rows on . tho hideouB flat: beneath hiin, But what was the good, of work on such a hot day asithis'?,: Was it not bettor to: sit hem i Wider under the shado of a great tree, in- a dry land, than' to perspire away down there? -Jack 'didn't care much about , gold. , If lie got his riiealsiand la -shilling or two to spohd on the ' trifles ,bo dear' to, boyhood ho was haj5y. It would be time enough to work when he grew big. ..He had to grow, ho, argued, and hard ?work' didp't agrep with growing boys. .Xct.,lie felt Bome little compunction; for being so idle. He knew his mother, Janet Mrs. Sleldon, otherwise Mrs. Macinnis, alasl —was slaving away at tho wash-tub to keep the pot boiling. , . The young fellow's heart was touched when lie thought of that, and ho almost raised himself from his comfortable pos6. Wiser counsols prevailed, however, and arguing that when the oold weather Came he would take a horse and make ' a pile, lie feU .comfortably to sleep. ' It w'as : very pleasant.' Even the mosquitos had gone to sleep. Why, should * he riot rest wliilo these tormentors were torpid ? So .he slept the happy sleep, of boyhood. , . : . . CHAPTEB III. , Sopio , years before,- our. story, ; opens tho ? great goldfield of Grit was uhdiscovered; :: The Muddy stream that, was now dammed up in yellow waterholes, at tliat time flowed gently over its sandstone bed— that is in winter. Tho wattlo andthe gum-treos grew luxuriantly around ; tho herbage clothed the banks, while innumerable flowers covered the meadows or . crimsoned the sterile ranges. The sun rose arid the sun set 'on the same scene day after day. A little above- where' the township 'of Grit roabjiow, a simple hut had been built' by, the pquatter who leased the.block-o.f , coun- try; and there ho placed a man who was know by the name of Bunakum, becauso;he had a flux of words, but his real name was Meldpn. . With Bunacum had como his wife, a pleasant, good creature', who, acted as house keeper, and who was ^hen, of all women, the mildest and the sweetest. With her was the Boy Jack, Bunacum's son, a little younger than when wo mado his acquaintarice, but in character the Bame. ? Bunacum herded a flock on tho south side of Gritty Gully, Jack a flock on tho: north side. Jack's run wiis the .best ; there , wero a iew. plains' upon it, and the dingos were less plentiful, for these astute animals preferred Bunacum's . run, where thore were wooded ranges, caverns, and places of concealment,: from whence they could issue and attack tho flock. To Jack was also given a flock of wethers, easy.-going creatures like himself. But to, Bunacum was accorded a flock of querulous, il-tempered ewes, which wero never satisfied with thoir feed, but ran hither and thither, and separated into little foraging bands ; thus presenting an opportu nity for tlie enemy to attack. Jack, there fore, had a glorious life, especially as ho hap pened to get a dog which perfectly understood hi« master's wayB. He had picked him up in this way : Coming across a dray that had como up from Mblbourne, he found the bul iock-driver about to drown a litter of pups, to which , his slut had given , birth- while he was in camp. Jack was struck with the ap pearance . of a. little .black and white puppy, and asked the bullock-driver to give it him. This pup he reared up with all the fondness a poor lonely little boy must feel for a dog-or any other- animal that is his own ; and Spot fully repaid his master.- ? ?; Spot could do everything but speak, and evon that ho attempted. He knew what Jack wanted without being told. If Jack went to sleep, often, the case. Spot watched the; flock and kept' them close to tlie place where Jack lay— roooupying his time in running backward and forward. Even the starting of a kanga roo-rat, enticing though it was,- would not move Spot to forsake his. charge. Several of the dingo ladies, having sinister intentions towards tho- pct wethers, tried their, blandish ments on Spot. .But he : was proof against all. He was a faithful fellow, and loved'only one crbature in the world — his master;. Jaok had several pets : a magpie, which was pre 'ternaturiilly acute, and a kangaroo rat which regularly amused him in the evening . as it washed its whiskers ; but Spot was the favor ite. .. What is more touching , than .tho perfect love of, a dog? The, man who does not, feel his heart warm towards his dog cannot be good. When friends and - loved ones forsake when fortune vanishes, there is still- one crea ture !:that will be faithful, that will follow though you have nothing to give, that will watch faithfully over your dead corpse; arid that creature is your dog. Away from home, with fjpot, the ^lieep, ami nature, Jack was always happy. Wandering amongst the vales, and hills, studying the flowers, wondering about their mysteries, or, sleeping infhe shade of the trees, his was a life of quiet content that know.no cloud. ..True, it. was a . life .that made one very lazy, but then it was very happy. Only when he came homo did the shadows fall upon him. There' hb' was -sure to find a ' bad-teinpered father^ who continually complained of being shut up in the wilderness,' whereas his proper place was the big city, the senate, tlie-:bar. ?Why had he : ever married ? ; If it were ' not for Janet and. this boy he would, now be1 a dis tinguished mini.' Over and ' over Jack was told in the presence of his mother that she was ignorant and low; 'whereas the father, had the greatest, of . minds, whioh, had been condemned to obscurity by the conjunction. :Poor woman, she bore all this veryjwell, .and did her r- best to make .tho littio hut pleasant 'She boiled tlie salt junk- well, baked excellent damner. tidied, tin tlip fnw tllinrva* nml nvnn attempted a little garden to '-kitchen ' to the' salt beef. Biit'the souli of Bunacum was not; to be comforted. He felt it a duty to sacrifice; some one, to his Iost fiime, and'Janet was the! victim. At times, indeed, the : poor creature was aroused; arid* tlien 'followed!lscerios 'that; disturbed the happy current of Jack's lUp.' When the battle' between ' them began,! Jack. would run out,: call Spot,, and dart away, into the thick .woods , to hunt, 'possums. !It. was an evil night for these little fellows when' Janet and -Bunacum quarrelled. . 1 There was one modje, however, of pacifying Buhaounv and Janet 'often adopted it:' She was, sometimes able to sell a few cabbages and eggs, 'at 'a good ' figure, to tho bullock drivers who wont! up and down the road, if the dusty track could be so called;' and, with tho few shillings, bo pbtaided she would buy a bottle rum. When Buiiacum canie lioine in the evening, ;? with a disposition to fight eveiy thing, ; from Janet to the gum trees, she would pro.-' duco this peace-offering, and the face of Buri aoum softened into lines of peace — he would : even kiss i her and. caress. Jack. .: Then would he, the mighty man, Bit down at tho table, i nnd indulge iiri libation- after libation, telling, at tlio samo time, stories of what lie had done and what he had not done— tho latter pre dommating— and. entering into speculations as-to' what' hi) would havo dono had he the opportunity. Ho would insist on Janet and Jack partaking, tind so lie laid tho foundation of the ovil whioliicamo thereafter. . As the hut was not far off the road, stran gers sometimes: called, and were very weloome, ; for, in a lone Bpot like this a new face was Paradise. Bunacum then would be in his element, and he would often send Janet off t'o: shepherd the flock, so that he: might have his, fill, of tho newB of ;tho day, and discuss Eolitics to his heart's conterit., If. the stranger ad a flask of.spirits^-and everyone carried ono in thoso days — so. milch tho better, . Ono day a stranger-came — a young man.! ; No one was, at, homo but Janet. ';Ho stayed; all day, and the two conversed long together.' That yopng man was Heotor, ; Macinnis. -He' had come to , Melbournej botoo; time , before, i f rojii Scotland, and- had. been, pitied by,, the1 prpprietors op ono of -tlio papers in that then very sjnall metropolis, who had eent .him: on (i touy; to report on the iVarious districts. , ,) Hpw kjnd Janet , -vas to him; how her tenderness: won,, upon this yoving pqau who had... not met .with, a .feeling hpart since ho came to the;proyinco-^.for Victoria was!.pot .a i colony, then. ., ,And that day he began that fatal loyothat . ' ' . . . '! . /?? ? , ? wrought. such fatal qonsequences.; , ' Hector had a ' flasii of brandy ; and so ho : was received with. Qpen. amis by Btiriakum. ' Hp was good to Jack', who listened a\yestricken , ;to' the superior' conversatiPri';pf . this, ,,'manV, i -But lie was . a jiohtician, and that'.was balm : to Bunacum. Long after Jack and his jnother, j had retired, the twd.feat up cfiscuBsih^ liiatters,.' ! !and draining the flask. ; ' He stayed several days thorp.,; Pbor Janet I ! Littlo 'sho ltnew tho.' dAngerous serpent that ', j was wreathing itself around hei? heart while ; ; this strangpr conversed alone with her, when | Jack lind Bunacum hn!d departed, to herd j their flocks, in . the silent bush. When he '? Went there was a void in their hearts. Janet was greatly troublbd.1 ' This man had made; ; ; an impression which sunk deeper arid deeper ' into her soul until it bore fruit' of 'sin and' ! sorrow.;; ? '..'?,7'.' ?!' ? -L .. ! How. tho poot thing 16\fed her son P.'JHoW,' j t when Bunacum had yented airtho ;arl|8s»lf lot ; his scorpion temper upon her, slip' would fold J the boy to her heart, and, weeping liberally, ! ' would tell him that he was her only hope, her sole comfort. ? .. ', , 1 . ' '' ' ' And, so time went on. ' Bunakum'arid Jack wandered; day, after day over '''the expanse' of Grit; never' thinking of Uie'.millioris arid riiil-, ? lions' in gold that lay beneath; their feet. They .saw the 'huge 'quartz .'ijiiispfr that rose up1 from the hills. ( Never dreaming of the'un-' told health tliey concealed.' 'jack bveri played in; the gully -after the rains had been heavy,' and' saw glittering' yellow 'specs lying there, but never heeded them. Poor boy ! ' he had never seen gold. And he would have been: happier if it had been hi? lot not to see it. But a change 'speedily came. . Gold was found at Bathurst, at Ballarat; arid wild reports! of. the new El Dorados came even to this ?Bequestered spot. * Bunakuni talked' of giving lip shepherding, and' seeking his for tune; but, having no money, his resolves came 'to nothing. . / ' 1 'About seven ' miles away from Bunakum's hut there'was that of another shepherd, Bill White. Bill had a wife arid daughter' — a little girl, who, though billy a' Child, had to herd a flock of sheep. ' Jack' first made her acquaintance one hot day, when their sheep got boxed— the techni cal term for the flocks mixing together.' Jack had been asleep arid so had Bertha, and the sheep, seeing ono another, had run together, notwithstanding all the efforts of Spot, who barked and ran ab'out like ajdemented dog. Lassy, Bertha's dog, had also tried' to keep her sheep back; but, failing in this, she sought a quarrel withi'Sptit, that. CreAtiire being, in her mind, responsible for ' all the damage. Spot, however, took little notice of Lassy, but ran off to his master, whom he soon awplce. . Jack's first idea was to 'find the shepherd of the other flock, and give him a 'thrashing— that is, if he were able. When he Came, however, upon little Bertha, crying lis if inconsolable, with Lassy sitting on, lier hind legs, and setting up an unearthly'howl, all hiB anger vanished. ' i -r ''Oh! I shall be beat to death',' cried Bertha. ' Father an-J mother will loll me.' ' Don't bo frightened, littlo girl,' said Jaok, hopefully ; ' we'll draft them1.'' Jaok had used the words little girl, advisedly. Ho looked upon himself as a man. ' ' Even in her 'sorrow, objected to be - called a little girl^fj^fi j 1— o' 7, her monitor was not such a, giani, - -J ... uowever, she. was grateful for -his / and went to help him. The flocks were h jp'elessly mixed, how ever, and wbro baaing away in a .style that beat Babel, , the sheep ^running hither and thither to find their companions; ' Here; and; there boxing matches were going on between : opposing squadrons. Jack, forming a platoon of his flock by themselves, separated them ! from the rest, and got Bertha and the dogs to i stand between ; so. that gradually the sheep ! began' to seek their, mates. . But it was very : hot work '; arid at one time Jack entertained little hopes of effectually separating the two flocks. ' '... . . ' ? t He' -vas running about' after fugitives, perspiring a' river, when a loud Voice shouted, ' Holloa, what's this ?'5j , Jack'tuinedj.and beheld three men, and a' boy about his ; own age, .carrying swags. : They had also things that lie had never seen before — tin dishes and picks. 1 , ' Our flocks got bpxed,' said Jack, simply. 'Olil' said one }of the Btrangers, ,an 'embrowned, handsome youth. I, 'spect you 'two were courting, .find . let your flocks get; mixed lip.' However, .what- do you say if we: give, these children !sphio help, arid get them! out of, a scrape. Depend upon it, they'll get into hot-water if they go homo with their sheep boxed; at all events, they'll, get their; 'ears boxedl'.' ''''., 'And so thoy ought,',' said the boy; a 'lanky, thin-faced fellow, who certainly did not seem the most amiable of mortals. N ' ' Shut up, Obadiaii,' said the, yoiing riian. I'1 Cpnie ori, boys, let's help them.' '!.'! ; ' 'And' with the lieip'of the 'new auxilaries, ' the two flocks ,wero' soon separated, '.which was', the 'easier (because1 one was wethers, the: other ewes.' Jack got his flock' in order, and, getting them' near a large fallen tree; ho made: them pass before, him arid counted th'ein. The number was right— 6,50.. Jack thanked ' ,the men,' particularly .the goo'd-riatured. youth - who.had 'first.',: suggested help.' As '.for tlie ;boy, Obadiah, ho had stood bye tormenting. :Berth'a, arid telling her that if she had been : a good girl this would riot have occurred.: Jack felt, a strong inclination to purich his! head'.', ^ : : .' ; .'''.'After this was pverj' the young man , who ?had assisted y Jack ' began ' to question i hiin: atout' the country, and asked if' He hact'seen any gold hereabouts; ' ,To tliW Jack replied tliat ho had heard of gold,' but had riover seen it. .? ' 1 : ! !' (v '.':'.! ' , Tlie young fellow drew dv shirining.sbvereign out Qf'his jSocket, and showed it to Jaok and Bertha. ' 'j -?!_, , ' ; M JWhy, I've ' seon soine fcarid' iri the : creek like that;'' said Bortha ;v' who, 'dressed iri a1 'little print ';&ofik;, :TOth;'.'j(iri unearthly lbblc-: ing' hood, made Of white calicd,' with 'cord: run' through to stiffen it; stood', by, quite a little guy-'in'- the visitors' eyes. , ' So have I,' said Jack. ! ' ': ' Whereabouts V'^'exclaimed tho party, .now all interest.'' 1 ' ?/:' ;'! '''V. ; Jack 'thought it, only right,' to sliow these! ? good strangers the placo ; ,and, telling Spot to '''hoot ' 'em up',' that! ' sagacious 1 Canirie 'indiyidual 'drpve the flock down 'io the rivbl',' whero,'Jack' showed the riien 'a . little hole wh'oro tho ; water^ .flowed 'over, the' 'sandstone' rock. , ' ' ? ':' '.'.... . ' , ' The young man took !a shovelful of the drift, and carefully washed it iri the tin dish,! while all Btood by watcbing.' A ,few. minutes,; and about half an ounce of .beautiful yellow sand, as Bertha callcd it,-lay lit the 'bottom 'of. the'^dish, set off by some black 'stuf!-^emery,: people natnod it then ; but' it was black/ sand,, the ore bf tin— perhaps iridiurii. i ' Thoy held their breath; ? ? : . i- Fonrid l' sttid tho.yourig 'in'iin, drdying a ?deep-sigh. 'Emily,.' Emily,' wo 'shall : bo happj'l' . '' ! ''?? '' ? ''^o'll pitch bur tent at brico, and mark out a claim;' said tho ' older ; of the party,; Obadiali's -father. .''As' for; ybu, bhildFen,; yori had better go and'riiind your' flocks, 'or they'll get boxed again,' - ', Where do you livo?' asked tho young nian, '? '- - ' 'Up the creek a bit,' said;J!acl:,; ! ,'! ' WoU, good:bye, my. boy,',' said tho yotung fellow, very ;kiidly, anc], shopk Jack's hand; ' I Wont foiget you,' / , -, And Pertha and Jack ;went hack to thb hills; wondering in their simple minds as to -yhat tlio men i-wpro about;, rlSei'tlm hinted somo strange things; but ,'!.Tack set licr down as ignorant, an(l'gave'his word that tho men were digging. Ho had heard' pf at before, ho said, and 'lie know something, while Bertha knew nothing. , , ,.. ^ „y A pleasant ; evening ; , thoy,. ^pent, sitting uridor the shade of the. treo^uri.der which we left Jack sleeping, while tlio flocks, fed at a safe , distance from each other, kept in , order hy. .Spot and ,;Lassy, who, v; however, found, time to interchange compliments— canine fasliiori. . Bertha; thought . Jack . suoh a nice boy, and/ Jack thought Bertha a pretty little girl.; Innocence so upon to pais'ayray. . \- That day ,weelt, a L great change . caniO; over Grit.', Although.. William BrPwni (suoh was. the (name of; the, ' young man .Tyho . separated Jaolt'B and Bertha's flocks) .Tarid ' his inates hail - tried, to keep the discovery, quiet, the news spread like, wildfire.; M(my of the other gpldfields then, , discovered Wjffie, .overstocked, and tho mpment^the new thb;,'cryr there came from the east, aiill from the west, from tho south and from the north, thousands arid' thousands to, try .their fortunes. The rich yieldi of the first claims spread the news over the whole of Australia. , ? .Ship after ship was coming to the shores of Victoria, and thoir passengers rushed like iriadmen to Grit. Shepherds let their, flocks wander unherded, a prey to tho dingo ; squatters sprang into tho saddle and galloped away froin , their homesteads ; , fanners threw aside their ploughs ; carpenters discarded the chisel, and, with eager desire, all made for the iew Eldorado. . The roads were crowded with wayfarers. Not a sun rose but it beheld a new array of terits. No magician ever created so sudden a change. The 'possums, the kangaroos, and tho blackfellowB fled before the. tide; the flowers and tho. grass died away ; tho trees began to vanish like mist ; the little stream changed from blue to a dirty yellow. In less than a month one hundred thousand human beings wore congregated !on Gritty Flat ; and, wliero the blackfellow had lipid his corrpborce by the lights ef blazing 'fires, European, oivilisation was to be seon. Talk of magicians of old 1 they are fools to that meat magician — gpld. It epuld npt be expected that Bunakum and While wculd resist ; all this. They were amongst tlie first to throw up their situations and rush ,to the field. ; In lesB. than a fortnight Jack and Bertha exchanged their quiet.huts to tents on Gritty Flat, their , flock's for , the mining cradle. Both were scared at first at the, sudden ! change, which' it took some time . for their ; intellects to comprehend^ Lassy arid Spot, ? also, were quite bewildered for, a time, and muoh troubled in their simple mihds about the innumerable, number of curs the new people had ' brought with them ; but' they, . too, sooh became accustomed to the great ; change. ' By three months; the quiet pastoral scene : we have pictured ceased to be, and one who ; had seen Gritty Flat then would ribverhave! known it noiv. But this was riot the only change. ?' ,. CHAPTER IV. i It would have been an easy matter for Bunakum to make his fortune now. Before ;him lay many an unturned aero of nature's : domain, beneath whioh tho glittering ore -lay j waiting to be unearthed^' But Bunakum pre- : feri-ed to let it rest there, or to allow others to rele'aso it. Noble soul! -why should ho.be: condemned to grub in the bowels of the earth, when his mind soared so far above the gro- ? vpUirig natures that surrounded him? These ' eairth- grubbershad no brains; and they Bhould i esteem it tin honor to support a inan of mind, j Therefore, so long as enthusiastic diggers ! bowed down at his eloquence, liberally shouted ? for hiin; and lent half-sovereigns occasionally, why should he swelter in the 'sunbeam, em- 1 brown his face, and harden his hands? Perish j thb thought I He was made to command^ not j to work. So he became a loafer and agitator, i and a mighty man of words. ' In these times,' a jiubliq ineeting was One of j the principal amusements of the diggers; and this ' amusement Bunakum was ever ready to j provide! Did a mari lose his claim, or did ho ; think himself in any wise aggrieved, he went ' straight to Bunakum, and instanter the Bbll- : man was sent round, and an indignatiori meeting held ; whereat; mounted on a stump ; or barrel, Bunakum poured forth a torrent of ; language which neither himself nor his hearers i clearly understood, and which was, therefore, | looked upon as a masterly effort of elocution, j ?The diggers wanted a 'Spouter, as they had neither : time nor ability in that line, and in | -Bunkum j thCy had the, right man. A great j -pubho orator must have an enemy, therefore i ?Bunalcum; conjured one up in. the: Commis-i sioner; a haughty oflioial, who was ever made] the beginning and the end of his attaoks. Inj .glowing -language would Bunakum depict the luxurious, life that fell tyrant led, while others were slaving- away their lives to keep in state | a despot..: ? i : ? -i : Of course, Bunkum never thought. of him-| self, except as a horny-handed sen pf toil. To j judge by his speeches, he was the hardest; ?working man on the diggings— a nerfect slave, i Janet found that unless she adopted somo | means of Support, herself and her son would! starve in this golden gully, for Bunakum never, brought ;any: money home. Indeed he very! seldom:visited the , little tent, so-called, unless; he , was .'stumped.' He .was a confirmed! diner, out, generally managing to make a call, | on political, business, at some tent whioh he j knew to be well provided, giving in exchange! for j.-his meal some homily on patriotism, j worldng his entertainers up to agony point at: the.olose, about that 'damned despot,'. who, j Bunakum assured his hearers, was thirsting; for his blood. . ''Men of .Grit,'! ho would' say, j V if you find my body at tlio bottom of a shaft pne day, pierced with;bullets,, bury me ; I bog! pf you to bury me beneath the Camp Hill (the cemetery had been; fixed tliorel, that my grave may ever bo a reproach to my^triurderer— that j it ,may remind you, noble miners of Grit, of! the .earnest man, who did so muoh .for your j cause.' Then -he ,-vould ;begin to shed :tears,i and would riot : be consoled, until the brandy | bottle was: brought forth. . . . . j Janet at' .first tried to .earn a little .by | cradling the , tailings, -\vith Jack's assistance ; : but, finding the sun affected her .head, she turned ;to , the inevitable resource; of lovely i woman, the washtub. Washing was ..high,! find soon, by means off her tub, she managed i to. live, pretty comfortably in oonsequencp of! wliioh„Bunakum. stayed at homo for dinner! oftenor.. But Janet could npt explain, how. it; .was .that- she had begun to almost hate' her husband.; She was a simple-hearted creature, - this woman, and she strove to keep down her| dislike, because she thought it her duty. . Still ! it grew and grew, and was added to by every i insult;; arid -they were many whioh Bunakum! heaped upon her. ;She could not keep, down; the thought -that .this nmn wns a. mean, low,; dirty loafer, and so,sho grew to hate himi ! .There, was only one ? aspeot; in , which she! would . tolerato him— as tho father of her .dear, | .dear Jack, ; ? .;,,. ,;'! ', \ ' Mother, ' Jaok wQuld say, as tliey sat at; i tlio tent door of, an ovening, Ayatohing the moon rise in all her glory over the hills of; Grit, '!? I'll work for, you as soon, as I'm strong ;! and you'll not have to slavo at the washtub on these. terribly hot days,' ? And mother a, lid son would kiss and caress.1 All I that was tlio happiest tiri\e for them. A lnothor's lpvo | Unsearchable, unfathom able— liko imtp nothing, except the love of God. ' ?'! '?: . .-. . ..' ,,, A .spn's Jove: for'. his 'mother, l: The^ost beautiful and,- holy, love , in tliis world, .except the love qiamothpr for her sen. ? Free frpm all ; iiq purity , fvpm.i^ selfishness' Wmt clogs other affectibnR ;,' these resemble the lovb of the Almighty Father,' who sent His ' pnly. Son to die for us. 1 ',!.! ' . ' ' ' V, Bertha and Jack saw each other, veiy1 often riowr indeed, thoy wero playfellows every day. ; Both 'of,, them , felt a. void in'thoir'b'iiAtbrice. They had nothing, to do: After all, it was a pleasure for them to herd the'shepp.' It was fine to open the' hurdles' iri the mornin'g, cdll the. dog, arid follow, tiie sheep out 6fei the grassy, wooded hills,' whereHhe wild Jlbwers grew, Oio birds sang, the cicadas tcrded, tereed, and tho winds whispered mysteribusly through the branohes of the gnm. trdes,' where1 adveri turea with lizards, arid snakes,' and 'possums, with the occasional, discovery of n wild bees' nest,- broke the monotbtay.' ' Then, the effect of ;the abrupt chinge'Jrqiri'a quiet lifo to' this great bustle, made . tho children' 'for a while shririk 'irito theriiselves, and, feel utterly at a loss. Ai, for' Sppt and Larry, a deep melan (?Wl!yri fell .upbri .tlieiri; ;Spot spent fullj; a month trying to comprehend Tiow hb'cotnd live without herding sheep, and 'then gave it tip; He had nothing t'p do except pique with the innumerable strange curs that found their way to Grit every day ; and that in time grew monotonous; Indeed,' he became a sad. dog; he. felt as if he were not wanted, as if he had no .business in this world. The only times his face lighted up with a canfne smile was when .a flook of , sheep was. driven past the f?uUyy when he would erect his tail, and give emission to a few joyful barksj 'eying hiB master anxiously for the words bf cominand — ' Holl 'em,' 'Bound 'bin up, boy,' &c.; and theri, when they' had passed 'without these words being uttered, he would fall into his old nipping ways. When Jack at' last went' to work, for, young as he was, he did not want to live upon his mother; Spot would lie at' the mouth of tho hole,! and reflect onf his own utter uselessness. 'Lassy liad iriany compunc tions on the. point at first, but, making several acquaintances at the butcher's shop, she gradually grew accustomed to the riew order of things; especially as she used' to warider about with 'her mistress, who found a pretence for Beeking the quietude bf the busli, in herd ing two rather acute goats her father kept, animals which Lassy plainly despised. , A few months after the goldfield of Grit was discovered, Hector Macinnis again appeared upon the scene. He had ' a very pleasant smile— when he liked to smile, Which was! seldom. He was riot' ill-made, and there was j a peculiar way about him, that to some had ! an irresistible charm,. Now, Janet was not 1 much above Hector's own age, and she was! very handsome then ; she had no company when Jaok was away, except the tubs and the ! flat irons— good things in, their way, but ' apt j to becorrie dull. Our Lord, who so thoroughly understood the weak points of our nature, put ' into His universal prayer the sentence, ' Lead | us not irito temptation,' a!rid since His adverit, j the' wonderful wisdom of that petition has been continually demonstrated, although! human moths will , still try the' feat of ' flying around the flame. . This' was what Hector arid Janet -wera doing. It was rather' an undesir able' experiment. 1 Somehow, Janet begtrn to feel very dull when lioctor was absent, arid people found her to bo very cross theri. She was never in better temper than wheri she had put by her work, tidied nersblf up, lit the lairip in the little 'parlor', of the tent, whioh was quite a lrio'del' of neatness, having a sofa and Chairs 'covered' with chintz — a great novelty i on the diggings— set the tea table, and made everything snug for the night. ' .! Hector and Jack would then come home, j and they would/have tea; and how pleasant I would bo the chat, how delightfully the even- j ing would pass away ; Hector readirig or I writing, and Janet ironing or mending the' clothes of her unsophisticated customers. Of ; 'coursel Jack went out after tea, 'possum-' hunting; or playing with other boys or Bertha, j It was- strange, how pleased Janet' would be! wheri Hector would look' up, and give her that: smile whioh Was so peculiarly his, arid give upi reading for a while to converse with'h'en Ajs| for Bunakum; he was' always away drinking! and speechifying. ? Janet' riever thought of! mentioning money matters; she was- getting: along pretty well,' arid after all, no doubt,! Hector would pay her back when matters went! better with him. If this pleasarit intercourse; were at all marred or clouded, it 'was by the1 conclusion whioh occasionally forced itself j on her mind, that Heotor was vastly. superior! to her; that he was better educated, arid had! moved iri (tp her) good society ; while she, poorj girl; had never been iri a better furnished room! than her own little parlor. But then,' Why! ?banish the gleam of sunshine ?. She was happy, ' 'in his society, that was all, and no more would! come of it. Ah! trust not the human heart,! ; so desperately treaoherous. ' How,; did; it- come ? about at last? Whatj rieed'to tell? It was the slow, steady work of; days1, and weeks, and months — the ripple,; ripple of the water ? underiniriing the roots ofj the great oak. ? ? ' Neither Stero to blame, except in not flying, from each other wheri they felt- the first; 'tightening of the chain that was' to drag! them to. perdition. Her mind gradually lost! its balance; arid liking, friendship, was! foUowed by .'deep, passionate, irresistible,! overwhelming love. She fell 'a 'willing sacri-! fice. - He did Tint, lnvn lipr !tt Inn Qt- i n tho Til n (1 way in which sheioved him ; but wlio, at his! age, dan' resist temptation when he sees hei has brought to' his feet a lovely wbmari ? Yet,! it' must ! bo . confessed, he felt qujilins, strong; qualms.' He felt,; he knew; that this inust! end in' somethiri^' dreadful, that he : woiild' have to thrust this loving woman away from; him into outer darkness ; that' by this aot he: would bp degrading himself, arid that -it! would bo a stigma on his name for ever — that: nairie which ! ho iriterided1 to be so brilliant. Butloyeandbeauty'were before him'.'. -Youthful! passions were strong, ond — why write tlie: rest?' It is an' old, old story. We pas's over the guilty life of the pair forj some time afterwards. During .the greatest part of that, time ? tho mighty- Hector was' supported by' Janet. Only latterly had he beeri again-, engaged by the newspaper; ; Still; that ? man | had; almost' imine'diately after his; fall, began to feel disgust, not only at Janet, - But at himself. . How his ' proud spirit' gnawed his heart as he took-, day by da^, the1 bread necessary to Kis ? sustenance' from tho! hands of her he had so wrpnged. - ' } . Success had resolved' him to break tie ties! that bound him to this woman. He hated; her more and more every' day; and this she; was. hot long in. noticing.' Women'are'yery; quick in this ; thoy soori find whether tlie'firo; of love burns or has died otit to1 cold ashes. ' Now, . there had recently, in cbinpliance; with, the increasing civilization of: Grit,' teen' established a very well got up hbtel at a; bustling conjer ; and, over tlie destinies of the neatly-furnished, bar, there presided a, lady newly arrived. froni the 'Land o' the Leal,': by. name,. Miss, Prudence., Macruath. Her charms were a trifle heightened by the adven titious aid 'of art; and she, had come to Gritty. Gully to make. her fortune in the matrimonial, market. ' . , .,!! ' '' ,!' . ..., ; Sho was-resolved not only to please her eye, but also her pooket;, and, although a hand-' Bome, young man, well; to do, would be thb acme of, perfection in her own oj)inibn,.yet she would not be averse to an old or ugly man if ?, he 'nad i tho. solid requirements that mado up for suoli disadvantages. For tunately, however, she very early set her .eyes upon Hoctpr, and at, once made up her: mind that if - Heaven had! oreated a maiii to Buit her, he was that man. ? Having settled , this satisfactorily in her own mind, Bhe at once began .such an attack upon him, giving him tho preference ovpr numberless adiuivers, that ho felt flattered at first,, and fiijally bfl\ved -Jo\yi* to y.W tpauty, aud, gaVQ huuselE up aa , her slave. Tlio love that he ought , to liavo felt for' poor Janet, who had sacrificed all to him; was giveri to this vain woman, who, in giving him .the preference, merely: gratified 'herself. . - '? .. ? ' ? ; Unfortunate Janet! Quickly did she dis cover that she had lost all for which she had perilled her welfare hero and hereafter. That hejifor whom she had dono ' 'so much, had ceased to love her — nay, hated her. She- saw it in his looks, in his answers to her caresses, and , then the woman fell lower, and lower, and . became what We found her at the open ing.' . Header, remember that we are writing of real life, bf everyday taortals, and bear, with us if it seem to you that we have wandered out of our domain. . ?: ?...- ; , It willi be asked, ' What had become of Bunakum :all;thistime?'. '.;? ; ? , , jWell, that worthy found in the infidelity of his wife a new cause for' sympathy ;, a new claim on the -contributions of the miners. When he was . turned out of Janet's house — how: she loathed the man — he at once sought his friends at the bar, and shed copious floods of ; tears, which the diggers hastened to assuage with draughts of alcohol. He beBeeched them to bury him i at once, as his honor conld not stand this last. insult,' which he felt convinced had been brought about by the commissioner, whose friend he knew Hector to be. He . clutched a brandy botHe, ' wildly, and cried out for a' sword that, ho might stab to the heart, this serperit which he nurtured in his: bosom, only to turn' and sting him. ' Had not this man , lived upon him ? had-he not been kept from starvation. by - him (Bunakum) ? ? . , Was there justice in this land ? No 1 the despot of the camp decreed that liberty should be bound in' chains, and wrong, triumph over right, j Ho hated him (Bunakum), and this was his revenge. But they, the noble-hearted miners' of Grit, would see him righted ; they would lay him in his grave, arid then destroy the monster who had killed him. To all tliis tho ; diggers . -listened, the more ignorant sympathising, tho intelligent .. highly enter tained., Indeed, all of them enjoyed the thing amazingly. It was the talk of Grit for days, although such affairs .were , nothing unusual then. The capital Bunakum made out of this, the half-sovereigns and sovereigns ho collected,- the innuriierable cheap drinks he ' ( obtained, and the general' sympathy, fully made up, for. all. Iri deed, so well: did; .ho thrive upon it, and so accommodating was his disposition, that, ere long, he became quite reconciled to Hector, and, as we have seen, had spoken at the siune meeting,. with him. . ' Jack, had been brought up in such a poor way that he was not able to understand the full meaning'pf what had occurred. He did dislike Hector, a.nd he certainly had very Utile filial feeling, so, the affair passed off amicably, enough . with him. He. didnH see / iriuch difference. .'* But latterly he had noticed, young: as,, he was, that a great sorrow troubled his mother. It, pained hiin , to .see, that, in.a -very short space of time, she had-, gone ; astray,' arid from , a steady, industrious woman,, had [ become fond of drink. , . . . . ? Then, from time to time, Hector arid Janet quarrelled.; Jack:did not think so'much,Jof this,, he was accustpmed tp it; but he 'did Lresplve never to marry, as he came to the conclusion that every husband and wife lived a life of internecine warfare. Bertha, was. a good girl, and Jack liked her,. but he felt pretty sure if, when they grew big, he married her, everything would be changed. ' Yet, ignorant as Jack was, he was greatly troubled about his mother. He . felt so -sorry: to see her sinking . to the' level of so many other women on the diggings. Poor fellow ! ! He knew.ri'otliing of the 'deep despair that had' changed her. ., CHAPTER V. ! The low rumbling 'of distant thunder wpke Jack frcm the pleasant sleep in which he had indulged. He ? rese and rubbed 1 his eyes. Hew ? .-greatly had the scene changed since he had gone to Bleep in the afternoon. I'rom the 'east ' a ' small cleud had' arisen, fleecy white. It rose a little above the hbrizpn, and there remained' like a! snowy fleece of wool rolled up. Then gradually others like' unto it roBe froin mysterious depths, uritil the. wliole eastern horizon was covered with them. Still the sun shot its torrid beams on to the earth, still the dazzling mirage, as it. is called, ' rose up like a quivering colorless flame froin the earth. But in the west, in the north, arid in the south, clouds began to rise like the ghosts of Banquo arid his followers. Not .' white, dowriy ' clouds, such*hs had arisen in the east, but dark,' portentous vapors, fringed, it ;is true, with silver. Wjth a. slow,1 steady motion they began 'to asciend, throwing oiit streamers'that soon threw themselues.'' across the face' of' the heavens, and, ere lbrig, veiled the face of the sun; Men blessed. them,' iind felt their strength renewed. But darker' arid blacker grew' the clouds as the'Biin becdirie more aud more shaded, until at last a large blue cloud shut him out altogether; The 'sky then'assumed a wild pharitasmagorial appear- . arice. The' blue blouda faded into inky' black, imd here and there whito scud,' like the pharitoms 'in ' Der Frieschutz,' sailed past on ; the intensely . black, back-ground. 'A distant iriuttering-. was'!, heard,' which mo mentarily'grew louder. ''People said, a great storm was ' coming; and agreed that it 'was badly wanted. Preparations, were made 'iri Gritty Gully to meet the rush- of water , that would hurry down, and long ' toms,' sluices, arid tools were taken' out of the creek, and shafts were carefully blocked around with earth. ' ' ' ? ?-' .... . ' ' Jack's soul responded to the grandeur of .that ' terriblo sky. The flash of ' tho; sheet Ugl^triing' in the distance, the roll of tho thunder j the .stow gathering of thb clouds as of an army to battle, darkening the atmbsphero .! . with a' Btfange gloom, the 'great signs- bf an approachirig elemental tragedy, the peculiar souhd of the wind — all stirred, in hiB soul thoughts and ideas that he could riot wreak upon expression. 1 ' , His meditations were broken by a loud cry, as 'of a girl in distress. ' Bising hastily, ho took1 a few steps do\Vn the hill, and' presently saw the ca,u8e. .Little Bertha was struggling with a boy, whom Jack : soon ' recognised as Obadiah;- i .'? ' ' ?? . ?';? Lassy stood hy in a veiy distressed framo, of mind, watching two goats, which were also - soiriewhat nonplussed. A quiok run brought Jack to the spot in a moment. ' - ' 1 '.What's this?' he oried, angrily; eyeing Obadiah, who stood glaring at him, an ugly soowl prevading his faoe. ' ? ' What iB it ?' said Obadiah, ' What's that to you? Bertha,,and I' have been quarrelling!' ' Oh, Jack,' cried Bertha, 'clinging to; him, 'I'm so gladybu'veconie. He frightened ma to death;' ' . ' Her faco, in which terror had been vividly depioted when Jaok arrived, began - to wear a ,- joyfullook. .. ' ' What nonsense,' cried Obadiah, Bulkfly, although from hiB uneasy movements, it was easy to see ho would havo preferred to' bo a few miles off. .' I only tried to kiss her,' and tlio little fool began to cry ' . ' ? : , Jack's ; blood began to. boil, and his faco became red as crimson^ . m ' ...' You sneak, '? ho oried, going up to Obadiah, ' how dato you frighten tho littlo girl?. Who allowod.yputokissher?' ? k ' I did myself, '.said Obadiah, jauntily. ..... (To be continued.) ' ? ? n*m ., ^ ' She stoops to conquer.' Can tliis refer to tlio fond motlior who bendu ovor hor wav-ward boy with a number-five slipper ? : . , ? - 