CRICKET. THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN V. FIFTEEN OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The first cricket match played on Australian soil by the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team of English cricketers has been brought to a close. Un fortunately owing to circumstances, over which there was no control, the contest can not be regarded as one likely to give unmixed satisfaction. The Englishmen aid not land after a long sea voyage until Friday morning and were called upon to enter on a match of some importance after about half an hour's practice. Then the first day's cricket was marred by the fact that the wicket was not up to the mark and that rain fell somewhat heavily in the afternoon and put a stop to the play. However, what has been seen is sufficient to show that the All- England, Eleven are powerful at all points of the game, and when they recover the form they_ have temporarily lost they will be formidable opponents for the best team which can be got together to try conclusions with them in Australia. When stumps ■were drawn on Friday the Englishmen had scored (iG with a loss of six wickets. On Saturday the wgather was beautifully fine, and it was hoped that the wicket would be found to be in good condi tion. Happily this turned out to be the. case, as the pitch played well throughout, a bumpy ball alone now and then testifying to the fact that it was not perfect. At an early hour people began to arrive on the ground, and during the afternoon there could not have been less than 6,000 persons' pre sent. His Excellency the Governor, with Miss. Jervois, wa3 present soon after the play commenced, and remained an interested observer of the proceedings during the major portion of the afternoon. The re maining wickets of the eleven yielded 87 runs. Barnes played a vigorous innings for i2, and promises to give a lot of trouble during the tour. Tylecote's performance was attended by a large amount of luck, as be ought to have been disposed of more than once before his retire ment was finally brought about. The South Australian fielding as a whole was not good, and was not to be compared with the work done by the men on the previous day. Jarvis did some splendid work at the wicket, the ease with which he took the fast leg balls sent in by Jones being the object of much admiration. King was smart at point, and similar remarks •will apply to Slight at mid-off and to Gooden at slip. As the South Australian fifteen had only seven wickets down for over 120 runs when stumps were drawn it is but fair to be lieve that they would have beaten their opponents in the first innings. Hoel was in for a long time for his score and seemed to be thoroughly well set, when he allowed what appeared to be a somewhat weak ball to upset his equilibrium. His performance is deserv ing of all praise. He went in first and from the commencement played with a confidence that cannot be too highly commended. Some of his hits were exceedingly fine and his de fence at all points was good. Giffen's innings showed that this young player has rapidly come to the front as one of our best batsmen. His hits, especially to the off, were particularly fine, and as this was his advent in a big match he was loudly applauded throughout his innings, and when he retired. Our visitors speak of him in high terms, and say that when he gets out of play | ing with a slightly rounded bat he will be bis ! brother's superior with the willow, and it maybe remarked en passant that the members j of the English team all testify to the good | cricket shown by George Giffen at home, and | say that he has left a good name behind him I in England. Walter Giffen is too slow Est running between the wicket3, and requires waking up on this point, as several runs were lost on Saturday. Slight was rather stiff, but hit well to the off. Waldron was very pokey in his style of play at starting, but he took advantage of all loose balls, and bit out at them merrily. The English fielding was taken altogether good, and when the m embers of the team have played togethe: for a short time they will do smart work in this department of the game. Ho less than six bowlers were tried. Steel, who is known as the best amateur howler of the day, was not I successful in getting wickets, and indeed got punished somewhat severely on two or three occasions. Morley was in fine form, and if he had had Friday's wicket to operate upon would have trundled with deadly effect. The fast halls of Barnes were treated with respect, while Barlow also sent down a number of balls with which nothing could be done. Bates did not come off, but C. T. Studd with his slows was successful. It may be mentioned that the umpires throughout the match were Messrs. P. Hansom and J. E. Goodfellow, and that the gentlemen who undertook the duties of scorers were Messrs. C. S. Hobbs and J. Johnston. Appended are full particulars of the game THE PLAY. At about ten minutes pasttweive o'clock, the fif teen took tm them positions in the field, liarnes and Tyleeote the not-out men of the previous day going to the wickets. Jcnes went on bowling at the north end,and Tylecotegothisithitdballnicelya'wayin the slips for a brace, ifarnes bit Quilty bard to the olf for a single, Waldron fumbling the ball. The rest of the over was fruitless. Jones sent down a maiden to Barnes, and tben Tyleeote hit Quilty hard to ibe oft for a single, Barnes following this up by getting bim away high up to square leg for a couple. Jones_ sent down his second maiden, and Barnes hit Quilty to the off, a single resulting, Slight throwing in rather- widely.. Then Tyleeote got the same bowler away to leg for 1\. The nest event was a hit to the off by Barnes for a single, and Tyleeote almost had a life in step ping out to Quilty. Barnes hit Jones to leg to the chains amidst cheers, but Tyleeote was unable to get Quilty away, and a maiden resulted. Barnes hit Jones to leg for a single, and Tyleeote followed suit. Tvlecote hit Quilty high up to square leg, and Botten "falling, the ball went through the chains— 80 np. After a maiden from Jones, Bevan replaced Quilty, and sect down a maiden. Barnes got a flaky single to leg off Jones, and received an over from Bevan without scoring. Three maidens having been recorded. Barnes bit Bevan nicely to leg through the chains, and 00 went up. The play now became somewhat slow, the howlers being treated with con siderablerespect. Barnesput one upnearthewickets, but there was no one near enough to negotiate the catch, and in Bevan's next over Tyleeote drove one hard into Botten's hands at mid-on, but the chance was refused. Bide now went on from the north, and in place of Jones, and had a maiden credited to him. Barnes hit Bevan to the off for a brace, and another came for an overthrow. Then Tyleeote got a smart leg cut _ for three, and the century was posted amidst cheer ing. A single or two to each batsmen followed, and Tyleeote drove one or Bevan's slows grandly along the carpet for a trio. The next event of note was a high off hit by Tyleeote for £ off Bide. HI luck seemed to attend Bevan, for Tyleeote sent a ball to long off right into Waldron's hands, and the iieldsman dropped it like a hot potato, amidst the groans of the spectators—110 up. ; Tvlecote got properly on to a slow from Hide, I getting it away hard to tbo off for 3. The fielding at this period, it may be remarked, was not at alt ' brilliant, and compared very unfavorably with that j done on the previous day. Another chance of (lis- | posing of Tyleeote was not availed of. The batsman started a run, which Barnes refused, and liad Quilty not fumbled tbe ball a run out would in all probabi lity have been recorded. Bevan was well on tbe spot, and troubling tbe batsmanxonsiderabiy. Hide was replaced by Waldron, whose first ball was cnt very hard by Tyleeote for three. Hide then relieved Bevan at the south end and trundled a maiden. The 1-20 was brought up by slow degrees, the plav being somewhat monotonous, but this was at last broken by Tyleeote getting Wuluron nicely awav to square leg through thechains and hitting Hide to the on for a brace. Barnes cut Waldron for a single, Knills's fine fielding saving any further , inns. A brace to Tyleeote and a single brought 133 on the beard, and shortly afterwards Quilty resumed bowling at the south end vice Hide, sending down a maiden. Another change in the bowling was deemed desirable, and Noel took the ball from Waldron, who had not been doing much. Off bis second ball Barnes was very smartly caught at the wickets. 7—12—135 was the result. There was now an adjournment for luncheon, and at a quarter past -2 o'clock Tvlecote and Leslie took their places at the wickets. Leslie took the remainder of Noel's over without scoring. Tyleeote gave Jones a hot one at mid-on off Quilty, and afterwards drove the same bowlerprettily tothe off for 4, following this with a single to the off—140 up. Tvlecote played somewhat steakily to Noel, and then Leslie broke hi3 (luck by a single, Slight fielding well. Tyleeote got another nice off drive to the chains, and each batsman made a single olf Noel. Leslie was not to be denied, and a very pretty brace for a square-leg hit was recorded in his fa7or. Tylecote's time was now come, as in running out to Quilty he drove the ball high up, and Giffen correctly judging the catch disposed of farther active service on his part. 8—59—140. Vernon joined Leslie, and got- a fiuky single. Vernon had to call cn the assistance of a runner. After a few runs bad been added, Leslie was beaten by Noel with a low kept ball, and tbe telegraph showed. 9—5—152. Morley was the last man, and he sig i nalised his advent by driving Noel to the oft' for a j single. His end, however, was soon to come, and in Quilty's next over he was clean bowled. All out for 153. The wicket having been well rolled, the | Eleven took the field, the following being the posi i tions :—Steel, bowler: Tyleeote, wickets; Barnes, ' ; slip; Barlow, point; C. T. Studd, cover point; | Vernon, mid-olf; G. B. Studd, extra mid-off; i Morley, mid-on; Bates, forward square leg; Leslie, Ion a-on; Read, long-off. Hide and Noel were the first to bat, the former taking strike to Steel at the northern end, the first over being a maiden. Morley took the ball at the other end. Noel drove his first ball to the on for 3, and Hide snicked the fourth for a single. Hide made a rare agricultural drive to the oil from the first bill of the next over, and Noel, bya fine leg hit, added 4 te the score amid the applause of the spectators. St eel sent down a maiden to Noel, who was playing quite at his ease. Hide sent Morley to the off for a brace, bringing 10 up. Another maiden to Steel played by Noel. In Morley's next over I Hide was caught by Leslie at longslip. 1—1—11. Jarvis filled the vacancy. Noel drove Steel for i 1, and Jarvis did the same, Vernon clean missing the ball in the field, Jarvis bit Steel to tbe off for 3, the ball; going right past G. B. Studd. Jarvis got another for a drive off Morley, and repeated the dose at the other end next over, but immediately afterwards Morley , bowled him. 2—0—19. Knill wrs the next man, and opened his account by cutting Steel for 3, but . was clean bowled by Morley next over. 3—3—23. ! Giffen followed, and Noel sign ilised his arrival by cutting Steel for 3, bringing the new comer opposite theBambridge bowler. Giffen cut him twice for a brace each time, placing 30 on tbe register. Mot- ley sent a maiden to Giffen. Noel got a single off Steel, and G. B. Studd again failed to field, and then a yorker very nearly bowled ^Giffen; three runs were scored for byes. Bates re lieved Steel. Noel cut the newcomer prettily for a conple. Giffien played a maiden from Morley. After an uneventful over from Bates Giffen put Morley to tlie.cbainsicr 3—40 up—and drove him finely for 1. A maiden to' Moriey-and Bates ; another to Morley. Giffen tben broke the spelt by putting Bates to the off for 4, G. B. Studd, as usual, letting tbe ball pass 1 fcim. £aob>-bowlw -sent.down a maiden; Morley did the same. A drive to Giffen and 4 to Giffen, both off Bates, enlivened thegame ; 50 up, and both men well set. C. T. Stndd took the hall, vice Morley. Giffen cut his first ball to the chains, and each batsman got a single off the same over. A maiden to Bates. A single to Giffen was the only result of Studd's next over. Bates's next was a maiden. Noel hit Stndd hard. 'Jlie ball struck Giffen's bat, knocking it out of his hand, spoiling the run. The game now began to get very lively, Giffen making 5 in two successive hits off Bates. After several good attempts he got fairly hold of Stndd, lifting the ball over the bowler's head and almost to the chains—CO up. (Cheers.) Barlow relieved Bates at the south end. A single to Noel. Barnes went on to bowl at the north end in place of C. T. Studd. Noel put liis third ball tip very simply in the direc tion of mid-on, but the fieldsman made no effort to take it. The over was a maiden. Two singles were scored off Barnes. In Barlow's next over Giffen made an uppish cut, and was well taken by Bates. 4—33—C9. The retiring batsman played brilliant cricket throughout without giving the ghost of a chance, and he received round after round of ap plause. Pateman stepped to the crease. Noel took a maiden over from Barnes. Pateman began with a cut for 3 off Barlow. Barnes sent down a maiden to Noel. There was a lull in the scoring at both ends, the monotony at last being broken by Pateman drawing Barnes for 2. Noel made a high hit off Barnes, but no one being near it he got a single. Pateman at last brought 80 on the board by a triplet off Barlow. Noel gave a hot chance to Steel at point off Barlow, but as it was not taken he drew the bowler for a couple next ball. After a maiden from Bames, Noel prettily cut Barlow for 2 twice in the same over. Next over Pateman was caught in the slips by Steel off Barnes. 5—9—SO. Biehards was the new comer, and played the re mainder of the over without scoring. Barlow sent a maiden toNoel, and at both ends the scoring became very slow. Noel put up a ball off Barnes in the direction of G. T. Studd, but he could not reach it. Noel then brought 90 up by a drive f rr 2. Maidens now became the order of the day at both ends. C. T. Studil relieved Barrow. Noel openedhis shoulders to the first ball for 2. Richards fell to the first ball of Barnes's next over. G—1—S5i Slight went in and put one to leg for 1, following this-up by 3 off Studd. The next ball took Noel's wicket. 7—37—9D. Noel's innings though marred by a couple of possible chances was worth going a long way to see, his de fence being perfect, and his hitting clean and well timed. Waldron wis the eighth man, but neither lie nor his partner seemed at home to the bowling. At last Waldron managed to send the century up, but this was followed by a rather feeble exhibition of batting. Steel relieved Barnes. After a lot of slowplay Slight hit Studd to the off for 4. Several maiden overs followed, and the fielding got very smart. Waldron, after being in a long time, began to open bis shoulders, and knocked Steel about a good deal. He gave Vernon a possible chance, but his bad leg kept him from reaching it. Waldron, now fairly warmed to his work, sent Studd into the long field for 6—120 up. Morley went on vice Steel. Still the score mounted, and cheers came from all parts of the ground. At five minutes to 6 Barlow took Studd's end, and no more runs were scored until the stumps were drawn at 6 o'clock. Slight had 10 (not out) to his credit, and Waldron 17 (not out). Appended are the scores :— ENGLISH ELEVEN. Captain. Mr. 12. S. Tylecote. Barlow, 1, c. King, b. Quilty 1 G. I?. Studd, 211114 41112, c. Pateman, b. Quilty .. .. .. ..19 W. W. Read, 111 2, c. Gooden, b. Quilty ... 5 C. T. Studd, 2 11 i 1111, b. Quilty ... 9 A. G. Steel, 2 2, b. Jones ... _ .. ... 4 Bates, b. Jones .. ,. .. 0 Barnes, 2 4 212 4 31 1211 414 1131111, o. ■Jarvis, b Noel_ ..42 E. S. Tvlecote, 11213211143123313213 V_11 4 211414 1, c. Giffen, b. Quilty .. .. 59 H. Ieslie, 11 21, b. Noel .. .. .. 5 G. F. Vernon, 2 (not out) „ «. .. „ 2 3E Morley, 1, b. Quilty .. .. .. .. 1 Byes, 122 .. .. „ „ 5 Leg-byes .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Total ..153 Bowling Analysis. Balls. Runs. Mdns. Wkts. Be van .. .. 60 20 8 0 Waldron .. 23 • 11 1 O Noel .. .. 20 5 3 2 Hide .. 20 15 0 Quilty .. „ 144 00 12 0 Jones „■ .. 92 25 12 2 SOUTH AUSTRALIAN FIFTEEN. Captain, Mr. J. E. Gooden. Umpire, J. Bide, 11 2, c. Leslie,"b. Morley.. .. .. 4 J. Noel, 3 4 1 1 1 3 11 2 4 11111 2 4 2 12, b. C. T. Studd „ 37 A. H. Jarvis, 1 3 11, b. Morley C W. Kaill, 3, b. Morley ... 3 W. Giffen, 2234141411234 1, c. Bates, b. Barlow«. „ ..33 E, Pateman, 2 2 2 3, b. Barnes .. .. 9 T. O. Richatds, 1, b. Bames „ 1 W. Slight, 1 311 4 1 2 21, not out.. .. _ 16 A. Waldron, 1111 4 141 3, not out .. .. 17 Leg-byes, 2.. .1 . ... ... .. ... 2 Total for seven wickets .. „. .. «. 128 Bowling Analysis. Balls. Runs. Mdns. Wkts, A. G. Steel .. .. 68 33 6 0 Morley _ .. 70 17 1-2 3 Barnes .. _ .. 72 12 11 2 Bates .. .. 40 16 0 0 Barlow .. 60 13 11 1 C.T. Studd .. .. 08 30 6 1 