TALES & SKETCHES. A STEAKGK STOEY. Br Exos Axaj,n. •'A sad etoryl'.eaid tho doctor; ' a very iod story? but 1 cannot say that I believe in. these things.' " T* ''•*, • ::r - V i• ,' JNor I!'—r Nor.I l'.responded a dozen voices; and one more enger than tho- rest, exclaimed: VTis moet absurd, this belief in ghosts! . No one with the slightest reasoning power; could •believe—.. • ; • '.But it's very:strange I'■ murmured a timid voice from the chimney-corner. ,'r ' .. 'Strange?' replied the first speaker#,Not at alt strange. The mind dwells on or?c thing until it runs wild, and peoples the world: with ghosts and goblins; -It is only tho uneducated who;ever think of such things.'r . . ^ . V . • 'Nay, there you are wrong,' interrupted the doctor. / In the case I referred, to.. thcy,.wero all people of very high.position. Tho father, Sir Godfrey Levison, at the time I knew ..him, was a stately old gentleman, proud of his . posi tion,; not merely for;the importance it gave him, but for the.comfort of.his home and the happi ness of his dependants. His wife brought him money. She was.one. of ;the--Gowerbanka—a very old family intheae- parts — a delightful 'old lady, but rather commonplace, who cared ho niore for her husband's stateliuess than she did for the cackle of; her favourite hens. ' There were two sons left of. a family of seven. Gay, the elder brother, was about twenty-four; Herbert but nineteen. They were devoted to one another, and had never, been parted till about two - years before, when Guy wen t to. Germany. There he met a young lady, to whom, he betrothed himself; and, while waiting an opportunity to tell his . parents, - hie father received a letter from an old friend, written on his death bed, asking. him to .tie guardian to hiB. only. child, whom his death left destitute.. Sir Godfrey instantly, started off, and returned in a few days, bringing.,,with, him a beautiful girl, : ". 'Imagine the consternation of the family, when on the lady unveiling, ishc and ,his .son uttered an exclamation of delight and -rushed into each other's arms. She was his betrothed. The union met with the cordial sanction of hie parents, and the happiness of all was complete. | The nuptials were tobocelobratedthed&y; after the incident to which I refer happened.'.. ..;, The doctor paused, heaved a sigh, abstract edly stirred his grog, and then fell into a fit/of. musing, regardless of the eager loots of.his auditors. - - ... 7 1 'But, doctor,.do,tell us! :,\What was it?' 'I am no hand at tale-telling,' said the .doc tors 'but I have it written down here, and I will read it to you if you like.!. The idea was haded with exclamations of delight; and the do .tor clearing his throat, and seeing his company around comfortably, seated, began-the fallowing stoxy ; 7 V .•••.•?* Hethinks the elements had met for a Christ mas carouse at Oraigio's, Thorpe, so fierce and stormy was the night.;.'Twos scarcely Christmas^ weather. Tlxe snow that had laid so tovingly.on.the ground for the hut few days, now sullied by, tho continual dripping of the rain, melted into tears, and sunk into the.bosom of the.earth-; while ever, and anon,the-.wind rushed^madly alon^, bending earthwards the branches of the stately. elms; that surrounded, Craigie's Park, and then sped onwards to theses, and, meeting the resistance of the waves, dashed them in furyiagainst the stern ro*k, as though it would up-root it.from the firm base. •/•And how it rained—pour,;pour, pour-7-as though heaven intended mceiing earth. Drop, drop, drop, in. a nover-ending monotone.. ,= • Tlie squire's mansion in. the distance, a hand some building of grey stone, stood in grim relief against the dark, dismal sky—the bright lights,: flashing in every-window,,making tho darkness around still greater by the contrast.. Scarce a light in;the little village at the foot of 'the hill, for all. had barred ;their doors against the storm-king; besides, it .was late, and they were old-fashioned people in those parts .• * •. . : Suddenly a sound was heard, the very last that.would have been expected in such a scene. It »as that of a laugh and a boyish voice, mingling with the grave vet sweet tones of a man, borne along, the mighty wings of the wind, and. presently the speakers, were in view. ' . r Two figures on horseback, drenched to tlie skin, yet laughing and jesting with oue'.an other, heedless of the storm, tliat .howled* around them. 'See, Herbert,' said the elder, 'they - are ex pecting us at home.' And he pointed us ho spoke to the lights flashing in tlie distance. ' My fair Gabrielle shall pay me well for the modifreak that rent me out on sucli a day!' 7 'It was too bad,'replied Herbert; ' on your bridal eve, of all others; but never mind, Guy! We shall be homo soon, .now, and bricht eyes ore awaiting us. Gabrielle is, no doubt, as im patiently looking for your return as you are to greet iter; and my little .Alice——' * Tho other laughingly interrupted hiiu with: ' Your little Alice! Why, what can you know of love? Tou are but a boy!' Though his words sounded sarcastic, there was such a volume of tender affection in his tone that his young brother could not- take umbrage—though ho nnsweied that, vouug as ho was. his love was :is strong as Guy's own, and without Alice life would reem worthless to him. They rode on in silence for some minutes ; then drew rein, and gazed across tlie stormy ocean ' How different,' said Guy, 'is nature's aspect to tho workings of my mind! There—' and he pointed to the sea and sky - ' there all is gloom and desolation. And I—what want 1 ? Wealth, rank, and loving friends have 1; and, above all, Gabricllo, who would make life bright to me wore all tho others lest. Bright, glorious Gabrielle is mire!' 2nd the tone in which he spoke her ' name "would alone have told the intense,- love he, felt for the fair girl he called his own.' ■ Littlo recked he of tlie .vengeful fate that was already on his track. ' ' * ' ; " * '■ ■ Herbert's horse, impatient as its -master1- to reach its home, suddenly starred, and in so' do ing touched the other one, which reared, and the next instant horse and rider were liidintlie foaming tomnt'beneath. / ; ; 8pellboUnd, Herbert stood1 for one instant1; then, spurring his steed forward, wasinanother minute on the sea-beach by the little village; the next he was unfastening the chain that held bis own little "boat to'its moorings; when a voice near,him srid: ,, ; - •' ' •' • "What are you about, sir ?; 1 That boat, will never liye in such a Vea.* \ 1 • ^ -• 'It muit^—it sha'll'.he answered, half choked by the intensity of his emotion. *' My- brother ■ !■ ?fl ' :' :'• ' "■ - >V. • '! i is in there.' And he pointed to tho spot where Guy was battling manfully with the wives.5 ' J .1; • r,!1; ' Oh, Heaven!' exclaimed the man.? ''It's MasterGuy! How came ho there ?' ' - * Therczs no time for explanation!' said Her-' bert, impatiently.' "Help me to unfasten -this boat!' '■ ; •' •'Tie no'use. sir. It will never—* • c0o*as I tellyou!' cried Herbert.1 - ' ? But instead of replying, the man gave two or three ringing shouts; which were answered by a light, first in one window and then' another"; and presently the whole village was awake*; and the major part came flocking down to the beach, with lanterns and torches, surprised> and dis mayed by the unusual noise-: i:; ' Herbert was ' half-raad byr this time, and I would have plunged into the waves to rescue' his brother, had not friendly hands, knowing the inutility of such a step, held him-baek. What a scene it was. • ' -: Those who witnessed it remembered it to their dying day, and oft in the silent hours of the night would shudder as the memory of it crossed their minds. ' ? - - The group of hal£-dr*ssed villagers, with dis mayed and frightened looks, holding aloft their torches, which flickered in the win and'wind, straining thrir vision to the utmost'to catch a sight of that figure in the water. • •• ' o They would have needed no incentive to save him, for the squire and his family were'dear to every heart in that little village; but they knew their aid would be in vain. ' ; -i i - Down many a rough, and furrowed cheek tears were trickling as they witnessed that poor boy's agony. -i-.-:.-/. The ruday glare from their torches gleamed across the sea, just reaching the spot where Guy was struggling with death. --jun c-r :■!■ Bravo of heart and stout of limbj he had ever been an expert swimmer; but in- such a sea,' encumbered by his hesvy riding-cloak, and' . numbed by the intense cold, he had no 'chance!< Fainter and' fainter grew his efforts,''weaker: and weaker his limbs, till, quite exhausted; he sank toriss no more. : As ho'disappcared, 'Herbert fell back sense- I less in the aras of those around him. ' - -- | Vainly every effort was made to restore him. His spirit had flown to rejoin that'of his brother. - ; ' ': At the moment the two spirits left the earth,-1 the village clock stmck ten." - - • •• i About an hour after, and while they were yet i debating how they should break the sad 'news to the squire, the cruel'waves flung the body of Guy upon the shore; A -mournful procession was formed;-whrh slowly wended its way to Oraigie: House", where the mirth and music seemed a mockery 'to the mourners as they neared it. Truly it wag a gayarid brill iantscene that Christmas Ere bill at Squire Levison's. All that exquisite taste could desire, and - un b'mited wealth procure, was therei ' 1 . * Myriads of soft, gleaming, waxen lights il lumed the scene, rich music swelled through the spacious rooms, splendid exotics perfumed the air, while fair women and courtly men moved, as it were, in a terrestrial paradise. ; Apirt from the glittering scene, in the rocess of a large window, half hidden by the curtain, stood a fair young girl, orer whoss pure; white hrow an anxious glance wss occasionally seen to pass, as she raised her eyes to the stormy shy. Presently she was joined by a blUhe-looking maiden, flushed and panting from the dunce: 'Are they late?' she asked, interrupting the anxious look. *29"©, Alice,' answered the other; 'they could scarcely have returned before this; but I feel rather nervous. I wish I had not asked Guy to go.' 'Why did you, then?' abruptly exclaimed Alice. 'Surely, a ring more or less would mate no material difference to your bridal dress to morrow—surely not worth while sending Guy out on such a stormy day; and Herbert, too!' she added, in rather a complaining tone. 'X have not had one nice w*lta this evening. There is no one can waltz like Herbrrt' 'I think no one do's anjtlring as well as Herbert in your eyes; nor Alice in Herbert's.' ' 'Tjs the same with you and Guy,' retorted Alice. • 'But. then,' said Gahriellc, simply, 'we are to be married to-morrow.* 'And so shall we be some day,'said Alice, blushing; and laying her head on Gabrielle's shoulder, she told her cherished secret. Such a pretty little talc of innocent love it was; how that when they both were children, and de\\*otcd play males they had vowed that, in the wondrous, unknown future pregnant with joyful anticipation and fruitful promise, they would be married. * And then,' said Alice,' I went to school in Prance, and did not see Herbert for seven years. Oneyear after I had been there I had nearly forgotten all about biro, and never thought of him at all ti'l the invitation to spend this Christ mas at Craigie's '1 horpe arrived; then I remem bered mv promise, and wondered if Herbert also recollected it, and felt rather ashamrd to meet him.' 'Andwhcu you did meet?' saiclGabritdlc, 'Oil, then,' mid-Alices:,*I; felt quite at-my ease, for lie did not seem to remember at all.' V: ' Had he forgotten you, then, Alice?' • ' • 'Noj- bubhe said I was my own* rival; and thatjhe was in love withmy own little si-lf until he saw my big self j and he: was so'kihd and good to me when, in consequence of my foreign' education, '! seemed quite a stranger in my own country, that: I could not help loving him; but1 I cannot think why he loves-me,' she -said/ glancing up shyly at Gabrielle: \- Gabrielle smiled, hut said nothing;; she 'felt, no wonder that the pretty little maiden,;, with the bright open countenance, and loving, truth* ful, h«el eyes, should be'the idol of: a brave, true heart like Herbert's; there was something so pure and holy in this boy-and-girl love; that it almost seemsd to Oabrielle as if some of the glory Jhad::departed from* her own womanly affection for Guv.'J *-• ' ;-v ** • .• ' And when did he tell you tlus, Alice?'' * 'Only this mornmg, and now you-have sent him away! :'Oh, Gabnelle! why did you, just for the sake of*a ring?' \- '.Shall I tell you the history of that ring: Alice?'i - v • ' Oh, pray do!' saul Alice. 'I' was'sure some mystery was connected with it,- or-you* | would not, against allour wishes, have per-; sua^ed Guy to go' j I .* Come into the library/then.? ^ -•* [ : ^Thctwo girls stole from the - room; :and, snugly seated by a glowing fire, inr the hand some library, Ghibrielld beganas follows • ' That ring was given me by my mother but! a few hours before her death,* telling me a sad story connected with it; ' " :c My; father was of a violent*; temper ' and', jealous disposition; - and one day, after he -had given my mother this very ring, he saw it on the finger of a favourite contin of mj mother's, who;had "placed it on bis finger in sport, and | then forgotten to remove it before lie left the I house.*""1 : ! ri-'-flurt and indignant at my father's tone in demanding an. explanation, die refused to give one.' From tliat liour my/mother*knew no happiness ' My father was never convinced of my mother's innocence; but, after years of in difference-and neglect, on his'd^th-bed lie for gave her for a crime she liad never committed; and yet how she-'lored him! ; ':v- ■. . -<<'••• • : * t This! ring; though the cause1 of all 5 her misexyj'shelooked upon «s the last relic of his lore for her, and as such' treasured it; ' With 'Her latest breath she gave it* to me, charging me never 'to part with it; saying her Spirit was in it,- and would-guard and'* shield she*ever •fromevil!'', '»*• • *;•-•' •*•-' l-'* -*,iC > _ I*11 felt thatmy marriage 'couldnot be pro perly consecrated without I had* that ringi her last dying gifr, on my finger..? When it snapped in tlile dance the other night.'I felt it an omen that our future' would not be brightand how could I refuse, though all tried to persuade me differently, when Guy offered to* take'it to Melsham to be repaired? But it is time they werej returned. Hark! the- clock is striking ten! | and here they* are!' she cried—for Guy and Herbert were' standing by her side1/' C;I did hot see you enter.* • i : .-•>-J* •' With a fond greeting, and many an endear ing word, Guy placed the ring: on her finger; and then; when'she would have returned to the; ball-room; begged her to stay for a time; with: himJ -.-M < • Herbert and' Alice had alrcndr decided on remaining there; and - the four sat talking for an hour; wbile'above loudly swelled the strains of ri6h;'ihusic through the brilliant ball-room ; the dance went gayly-; silvery laughter gushed from rosv liDS:' r"- 'f-'! 'l'- •- •' from rosy lips ?! And all went merty a* a marriage bell- ' " ; Sat hark! a deep sound strikes like a rising knelL' . Ill silence—dismayed silence—that glittering crowd had slopped. • Af, shriek so sbrilldnd piercing had rung through' the mansion,-that every heart stood still to listen, and fair cheeks became whiter.' *' j • ' Gabrielleand Alice turned to (heir lovers as their natural protectors, but they were no longer there "■ ...... " A fear, wild and indefinable, seized Gabriellc. and 6he hurried onward'to t'c hall, to which the crowd seemed tending;'and there, on a hastily- constructed bier, 'she saw the bodies of Guj'and Herbert.: \ '// ■ Let iis drop the '.curtain over that scene of woe land desolation—that home so suddenly bereft of all i's brightness—changed so quickly from the abode of joy and happiness to grief and misery. ' Some twenty years'hare passed since then; and though Craigie mansion still bears its name, it is, alas! a mass of ruins. ' • -' Its heartb is desolato • '< ' Wild weeds are gathering on tbewoll;< . , j The dog howls at the gate/ ... . . . Sir Geoffrey and his wife could no longer lire in the home that was once so happy "and' now so deiolate,* and where they had been deprived of all that.had made life bright to them. : A few years1 weary sojourn in. a foreign land, and their spirits lied to rejoin those they had loved on earth. .... „ v . Alice for a lime was bereft of reason; biut with tender and judicious care she recovered. She married one who proved a loving, kind husband to her; but though joy and happiness were around her, years never quite effaced the memory of that tad episode of her girlhood; and tears would start unbidden to her eyes when some chance word, uttered by the brave boys and gentle girls that clustered round her knee, re-called Herbert to Iter memory.. . And Gabrielle, she did not die, though for a time life trembled in the* balance. She liad early learned how sublime a thing it is to suffer and be strong. 'Oh, it is easy, when our day-dreams fade, To hide our anguish in the churchyard shade! It needs no etfort when our idols fall, To seclc a dcath-bed, and forget tluun all; But to live on without thatsweotest thing Our hearts had twine 1 with every dearest thing.' She lived, doing her duty serenely and quietly. She was rarely seen to smile. Hravely had sho -rcdtled with her grief, and came forth from the trial purer in nature, if such could be, and bv deeds of kindness and charity strove to find peace and content. But oh'one subject all deem her ihad, forslie still insists that Guy "was by her side for an. hdur,on tliat dreadful night. ; No argument, no reasoning, will convince licr'differently.**;She sweetly smiles—but, oh ! so sadly,'that one is inclined rather to respond by a tear than by an answering smile—and points tothe ring upon her finger as a proof■ and tlicreit still glitters; but how'came it > there ^ no one hasiyefc dis covered/: -it:V-. iv ■< •: -There was • perfect silence < as-* the doctor finished. > • ' i * ' >■ 'Was it nerer accounted*for?' at last oskod the timid voico from the chimney corner.!-' • 'No, never! No clue,- no trace, was ever found.i ^The - jeweller: deposed*- to haviog delivered the ring to Guy/ '! ^ »^;<I3ut,,s6aid the,obstinate one, • it must hayo beenjdiscovered r.tlioro are nosuch - things; as 'ghosts!•' • . i / "• 1 'Xwas very strange! ' replied the timid one* '- And the party broke up. » . - . 