%$kf €nbxm% LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. By a Lady. London, April 20. Very many interesting bits of information and anecdotes concerning the deceased American poet are constantly cropping up, as is usually the case when a popular genius or a great ™a.Ti has gone to his rest. Not everyone knows that the house wherein Long fellow died, and which he inhabited for some years previous to his death, was at one time the head-quarters oi-ucorge wasningoon, tne celebrated American patriot, who retired there after the 'Battle of Bunkers HilL' The general's chamber was the study in which the poet spent most of his hours. Mrs. Long fellow's parlor was the room opposite; this, with the apartment immediately behind it, were thoEe set apart for the use of General Washington's aides-de-camp, in the days when America -.was struggling for independence. The appointments of Longfellow's.home seem to hare been as simple as were his tastes. Among a few details of the .'features of his study we read: — ' There is a. large orange tree in one window, and not far away a large stuffed bird.' The inkstand, which belonged to Coleridge, and the fluid from which may have supplied the pen that wrote the 'Ancient Mariner,' stands .on the study table ; por traits of eminent men, many of whom were the personal friends of Longfellow, are seen on the walls, against which are well - filled book -cases, containing many valuable literary works, one case being filled exclusively with the original manuscript of Longfellow's own writings. Beside the fireplace is the 'children's chair,' a chair mentally and correctly associated with that one of which the owner, in his poem entitled 'The Children's Hour,' says of his children that— 'They climb op into my turret, ?O'er the arms and back of my chair ; Jf I try to escape they surround me, They seem-to be everywhere.' What a pleasant ^ieep into Longfellow's domestic life does -this little song of the affections gives to us, nor is it the only por tion of 'his writings which reveals family in cidents in the life of the professor. Among his miscellaneous poems we have the song, ' Two Locks jof Hair.' Not all who have read it know that it refers to a mournful episode in the poet's own life. After a very brief period of wedded happiness he lost both wife and child, and as if trying to escape from Tiia grief — alas, who by flying ever' left sorrow behind— the bereaved husband immediately set out for Europe. That delightful poem in prose, 'Hyperion,' is supposed to relate some of the -experiences of Longfellosr's second wooing, and the May Ashburton of the story is authentically stated to be an idealised portrait of the poet's second wife. The subsequent union.lasted eighteen years, when.it was dissevered by a most terrible and. tragic event. Mrs. Longfellow was playing Tvith her children one winter's evening when her dress took fire, and she died from tue effects of the accident. Throughout most ot Longfellow's poems there runs an under current of gadness-a sort of threnody— a pathos that could only proceed from the pen of one who was himself acquainted with grief.' It is not, however, the impotent wail, nor querulous complaining of a, man assailed and defeated by affliction. To use his .own .expressive words, Longtellow bad learned 'To suffer and fee strong.' JEfis-poem, enitled 'The Two Angels,' .was .penned on the-occasion of the death of Mm. Xiowell, «ife of: &&! present jKmferieafei Minister at the Courfc-ef- S£' James, also friend and brottiet poet oC«ifrlost*aMi 'Whilst on tfcecBHbject of obituary notices r may meutioniaiat yesterday; April I9j was the first amjfversairy, of the* death of tfee late Earl'of Beaconsfield. Previous to this date,, in the. 2Y»neS' newspaper, there appeared-- a letter from a. correspondent reportiiig-tliat, ' In memorium,' there -wonld.be. »? gr«afc. de» stand- for' primroses (die late' noblemanV favoiiteflowerti Theaeiw'bewowi.astottonj; holes-and in ether -ways; as ? showing:the-sfcifl1 livirJg;affection entertained^ for flie departed' statesman. Consequently every tenth person I met was adorned with one bunch' or more of these rural ? emblems. ladies worse' them in their hats; feomietB.and elaEwhere^a tiiek1' persons, whether walking, o? driving. Men also carried Ohe symbolic flowcrsr in their coats, not however as prosaic 'Peter Bell' wouldliave done, of whom Words wortttsaid — - 'A primrose on A river's brim, A yellow- primrose -nasta- him, . Anditivafinothingiinore.'1 . Less typical of political sentiment than of private leelingwere the-fibwers warn-in such profusion on the anniversary of the stateS anan's death,. and astfurtfaer evidence of the affectionate, memory with which, he is re garded many shop windows as well as thoseof private ionses ^displayed -primroses in bunches or -worked' into- floral : devices. At one stationers I saw a wreath: of them sorrottHd ing sn.inseripfcion with these words,. 'Take iiimifdr all in all; we shall not look upom Bis like -again.' There was a memorial- sewice ieldin Hughenden Church, which was5 pro fusely decorated with flowers, and the Queen. Bent'two wreaths, one of primroses atttfcone'of immortelles, which were l&id; on the Barl'« grave. Other friends- likewise sent wreaths; -?It was observed- that Lord Ueaconsfield's /nephew and heir, accompanied by his father; 1 occupied a seat in the ' House of CoirmronS'in the evening. Oifly some half dozen of the memhers were, however, primrose 'Bedecked; 3t was a small, though graceful tribute, to the deceased nobleman's memory that? his preference in so small a matter should bere ?nembered, and'-that tiie flowers he loved most Ebxrald. be the button-holes of- the week. . But it should Have- been, remembered' also that primroses are. the emblems of inoonsastencyi ffotkese who knew tlie floral-meaning of the blossom' there was something exceedingly Invidious in' the- choice'' of. it, and Xiord Beaconsfield's' admirers' would Have done- well to- consider the significance attached to . the little yellow flower, fcefore they hoisted it 'In M-emoriam.' IVhether it will becomea settled custom to ?wear primroses on the 18th«f April remains to he seen. Probably not The year-old grave ihat is-flower-bedecked and' tear--bedew«d -iiij- dayTBaybeunvisited on tSiMiext anniversary., and' mourners,, However- sincere' their* grief' now, may recollect with, a pang of. com punction that' the- next one has. passed by unrecognised. Small blame to them, f or.in- 4he ~ beneficent ? ordering of things it is so' arranged thatonly- thosefwttomDrbidljriiurse' iheir sorrows and obstinately refuse' to be comforted ate rendered' permanently un itappy- by- the' loss even o£. those with whose soul-- their, own- was built-, up in tite- very closest bondB- of an undying affection: Of these tbere-ate' some few ? of whom it may -Be ' saitftrnly— ' There casne-a mist and a driving' rain, . . And life-was never the same agaSn;'' SSotJqui.teiih'e same, .perhaps, but the wound, heals,. even though the scar left aches sadly; at iimes. But happily of fewcanitbetrulysaid;. as Scripture bath it, 'Tfceygo softlyall their days inthe bitterness of thBirsouls.' Th&2Ti3i inst is to be,!a£ter-allT;tiie date of the Duke of, Albany's- ?marriage; Erfcra Jaborera are employed to make up for lost timei andjeverytbing will beitrreadinessbv? the time appointed. Tie bridegroom' will be Supported-by his brothers ih-law, the Prince Df Wales and the Grand JJuke of; Hesse. All the gentlemen are to be in full dress 'with trousers.' Ladies who- take part in the procession must* appear with trams and' plumes: Those who' go in the capacity of spectators 'only need nofcweartrains. A new weddingmarchhaabeencomposedf or the bride and- ' Mendelssohn's ? will be played atihe conclusion of the ceremony;. The Honorable Sirs. Martin has-been appointed- ' lady - in waiting ' onJHtE.il. the Duchess of Albany, arnTwill accompany her grace Into the honey moon: .seclusion. . A special number, of th&OSjmphic; will be pnblBhed shortly; after the marriaee. It will contain .encxavings of all the principal scenes connected with the . wedding, and' wfll have- portraits, of the principal movers in the event. These have. \- been executed from paintings from, life, the jbride. and bridegroom having given'; special. sittings for their portraits. The«osfc afraris extra-donble number of the firapftfe-mlli bev One shilling. . T mention ihp. faft. thinldngjthe . Queen's loyal subjects in the colonies may like to avail themselves fif tMs^opgorfcunity of learning marenf -lheBventi3ian Sucre space to relate, nottoOTeako£iJieintere8fcaaordfidi)y Hlustrations?taiEeH-£rom life. iRrincess Heiehe comes to England-with her motherland fattier, \ ber sister, AnltohereditaryErinfce of Wal deekfiyrmonfc. The King and. Qaeenjofiite; 3-f ctheriands axe expected, to reach Englind on Tnesday next; Theic majesties Temain the guests ofeflre Qaeeniai-TOiidsort&isttej.; and dnring. the remainder of ' their, start stay mrbown.mll be located at SJiickinglSini, S'alaoB. Madame Adeltaa Bat& lias- returned: from, fijneriea to. England, and sBe at- ones pro* ceeded tahet Wefeh home, where dieremaang. The Koyal- Dalian Opezar season- commeaeed on Tuesday, and. Patti- is- announced to re appear during; lite third' week in- May. aWadame Albany; Madame Pauline Lucca, and Madame Semliech have also, engagements at Covent.GardEn during .the season: A new tenor, of whom mucH. is expected, is ~SL lies lellier. Afr the- conclusion- of her operatic engagement abroad Madame -Patti received, among other, evidence of '. appreciation and affeefaen,. a pillar of roses, inscribed with the words-;' txmvcoyage?' and a large anchor con- ? structed of red^and-wMt&roses.; Beport. goes that the Duke of: Argy-le, f atherrin-lair; of .titte ' Princess Louise, haymg; takenito-MiBself . a young wife, is. about, to marry two of ;his-daughters, one to the Vicar Df Kensington,-the Hon. and JJev. Carr Glyn ; the other to.Mr.-BWlam. Tennyson, son ami secretary of the.' poet laureate.' Verily it maybe said, that matrimony, like measles,, is contagious, and that one pair of white gloves ensures the drawing on of , another or omexs« The Bishop of Lincoln, Dr. Words' vortb, is so' opposed to the passing of the bill in' favor of' marriage with the 'deceased' wife's sister,' that he Has moved. that petitions against- it- should be: printed- and- distributed: about the diocese in crdejvtiiat women who; object to the : motion may append- their signatures. This it is thought will bring, the good.' diocesan into disfavor, but.it is my opinion .that manyiaore . wosen ^than . at present suspected . would. be ?glad, of expressing their views; on ' the snatfer, since I am sure it is taking too much for. granted that we unanimously agree in ^ thinking our unwedded sister would make Vibe best mothers-in-law to our babes in. the ?*- event of their needing such a protector? on; theeoatrary, Ibelieve many, if not a majority, of women think.nothing of the sort, andonly want an opportunity of contradicting the false conclusions which have been drawn concerning this- matter. Absorbed in their family cares, their social and domestic de lights,, and. occupations, woman does, not give the question much if any thought, and leaves men to legislate for her, rarely thinks of theanatter as applying to her own case, andinaturally shrinks from a thought which Involves so much, just as many men put off making their wlUsj appearing to labor under the delusion that to provide for pos sible, contingencies necessarily involves the Jiastening of the event, for which such pro vision is made. I believe if this country were canvassed a majority of the women of Eng land, after careful consideration of what the passing of the Bill? would efiect in its imme diate disturbance of existing social and domes tic relations, with due regard to the object especially in view, a majority, as I said, would X believe record their opposition signatures. Few educated readers are unacquainted with the name of the poet-painter, Dante Gabriel BossettL He was that rara avis, a- modest genius, caring little or nothing for the world's applause, loving art for art's sake, and having wrought art his fancy -by his brush, or with pen, was satisfied without caring to advertise the results to the public at large — a characteristic uncommon enough in this age of aggressive striving after riches and honor and fame, Great has been the cry lately against the widely-spread and ever-increasing use of opiates. Chloral, more seductive than opium, has carried in modern times thousands io untimely graves. To its deleterious in aiuence the convict, Dr. Lamson, on whose fcehalf the American President has interfered, owes, it is said, the peril of the hangman's , rope, m. which he now is. The wife of afor 3ner-physican of my own, subdued by the fate ful drug, poisoned, or has supposed to poison a aiear.Tehi.tive, and on^bemgeommittedfor trial swallowed so deadly a soison, with which in case of such contingency she had prepared herself, that in less than two hours she was dead, , and . buried at midnight without the rites of the church in a suicide's grave. The wife of one of the chief Minister's under tne late Government was a. sufferer from 'insomania,' to relieve which, or rather to procure sleep,, this lady took frequent opiates, and after an over-dose was on one occasion found -dead by her husband's side. One might go on indefinitely enumerating, fatal endings to this dangerous indulgence Df taking opiates. Both Bossetti and his wifewere victims to it. Mrs. Rossetti lost an infant, and fell into a-cbronic state of ill '? .;. lirnjHi; one^orm of which was neuralgia.1 3k- ' , : _; ^ jgpojifej^^-aiam gphun waa inconsfct6itirfe quisition. and i:»:!cr its iiiHiionce tb« poet painters' wife at last siicctiinbe-l : her lms bandafter a Iap«o cf -inioal--o. J)o i^uincy in ! his 'Confessions of an Opium -cater' ha-s ] vividly shown ffe tferilHe tfirahftim ih~whiChr ' the drug holds its victims, who are rarely or never emancipated from its power TJaHSytne hand of death. So bitterly did Mr. Bossetti feel tBelbss^offiia gifted wife, whose talents and powers off application made her a true helpmeet to Blia, thtcfc for a period he lapsed* into total indifference; and ordered a worlf ust ready_ for publication to be enclosed mN iis losff^nfe'^comn: Time calms and soothes the bitterest-sorrows and lightens the heaviest blows5,a-id^se, afteKUie lapse of many years, the widower sensibly.' asked permission to disentombs las mannsoript; and the poems; . wHicte. it- takes some hitent genius pt£- raer readervrrto' appreciate an* underst&ndj.; wate finalljrgiven't-rthe'world.. . ^_ Eegort says that- one of the mBgpffioent lions, from wnichTtosa Btaheur mad&;heit famousrstnd3rof those animals, haysuBtsdred Itiwas'tiiejpxoB!Brty of the-enterpriang- artist whose- picture. will, it is expectedjfBe-seetron' the walls^of'tlie Academy this year-*- _we«fiall [ shortly see;- Hot fewer than 9,-$8 'pictures were sent, to- BurUngton House for admis sion, a . number far too great to: admit the possibility' of careful critical invesfiga ' tion, sinceifris calculated that as t3ie sittings : of I the judges- lasted- only four days, eacfi: sitting lieing of eight hours durationi .* minute only coald be given to the examina . tion of five works of art. Anent the story of the G'amis Castle ghost referred to in my last letter, I hear another , version of the whole, this being, it is said, the reliable one. The unhappy bile noir of the: Strathmores was, it seems, not as related an -elfish thing, but a monster half man, half J)east, and, .so the story goes, eight feet IiigK. ' This fearffal being :was by Tight of birth the realeaA. His^prolotiged'esistcncetrf 92 year3 has weighted two generations with an awful secret, which was neve* in the.possession of' more than three persons: at. a time— the: possessor of the title and estates, his steward, and the heir on coming of age sharing the dreadful confidence. The present earl, it is' said, was never the same after the family curse was revealed to him; - . Mrs. Langtry is attEaotingf crowds to' see her in ' She Stoops to Conquer.' For some uncon fidedrxeason this laflydas' retuseda'profiBredr; , engagement in Dublin.- The question 'Who is-' . Mr. Langtry, and what is he, has arisen so often without eliciting any satisfactory ' answer as to that gentleman's position and occupation, .that the world at large-began ia ' assume the husband- o£- the beauty is as : nothing but a convenient myth. Conjecture has now, however,, been set at rest on the questioniof Mr. Iiu1gtr5fscorpoEeale1iBten.ce,; and means of sustaining 'iE He is an Irish man, and at present the secretary to the Bbyal Thames Yacht Club, of whieh H;B.'H.- the Prince of Wales is commodore. 