Darkness seemed to envelop sea and land, and tho fury of the storm grew rabid. Specta tors speedily vanished from the pier, and from the shoro, too, which was made untenable by the rushing surf, which would, when least expected, sweep swiftly from tho sands np into the yards and against the houseB, and by the stinging, bitter rain peculiar to such a storm, compounded of sea and cloud, spray and fine sand, driving throogh tho garments and almost through tho skin. The calm lght of the light house was lit; beneath it streamed tho Inrid flare of the hlazier, and honeath it again, on the pavement, paoed the dark, stormy figure of the self constituted guardian of Twysoar health aod reputation. As he tramped sturdily up and down, careless and scarcely conscious of the persistent huffetings of the storm, in his tough, dogged nature his half.baffled resolution was growing to heroic proportions. As hBr bour-muster his will had always been unques turned as law, and it must be admitted that until this crisis it had ruled fairly and honestly; and now that it should be set aside and frustrated was not to bo borne. Ho had re solved and said (in his headstrong heat, he had now half forgotten why) that that schooner should not enter bis harbour; and there it was straining at its cables under his very uose— though, indeod, not qnite in tho harbour. That meddling yonng doctor would be back by.and j by with cabs or vehicles of some sort to carry ! away tho 1 smitten* people on board and spread tho horrible infection throughout tho town. ' Heshanna! By thoL^—, hashauna!' and the old roan clenched his fists. ! But how ?—how f Ho mast bo somehow pre ventod at onco, or he oould not bo prevented at ail, and that would bo gall and wormwood. Up and down, up and down, with a keen re vengeful eye on tho deok of the eohoouer, and the skipper who now paced it and now disap peared bolow. How the outward rush of th« underonrront made tho vessel tug and lpace' at her cablos, whiohhad become somewhat slack, and crackod and creaked with ovcry recurring Htrain. If thoy would only snap, then—! AH at onco ho romembered Sam's reminiscences of ships wrenched from their moorings oven in the harbour by tho out-draught in a nor'caster. Ho noted that tho skipper was not on deck, and ho went and examined both cables. , That from tho bowfl had tho groator strain", and pasred through tho gap of a large double block aud pulley of the kiud commonly affixed fiitwise to tho edges of piers and quays; tho other had l->s strAin, and his heart loupad to observo it wns loosely knotted about the mooring post; one of tho ties in tho knot was already almost undono. He saw cluirly now what ho would do. But the skipper had returned on deok, find ho mnst wait. He entered his snuggory at the baso of thelighthoue , and issued again with a hatohet in his hand. . By-aud-by tho skipper went below again; this was Cripplegarth's opportunity. Ho rapidly arranged tho fnstomugs of tho looser cable ho that it would drag itaolf froo whan full strain was oneo put upon it. Then ho wont to tho blook and pulloy, whoro tho othor was yawning to and fro and fraying itself, and ho sot tho Bharp edge,of the axe for it to rub on* This done, ho resumed bis sturdy, measured tramp on the stones. All unconscious of the fate slowly creeping upon him and his helpless wife and crew, the skipper wearily paced tho deck aGd wondored what delayed the doctor coming to their rescue Under the load of fear and exhaustion which oppressed him, he sworo to himself that, once his dear Susy wore woll enough, and she and tho timbor landod at Bideford, nover would lie sot foot on ship again. But why did not the doctor come ? Was it only slooplo8sncfl9 or was it also presentiment that mado his heart ache with dread, as he listened to tho roar and hiss of the storm from which the pier sheltered him, aB he felt his ship painfully groaning and straining at her moorings, and as he watohod the wild fl>ire of the brazier above, and the grim, sinister figure of that bard old man, who seemed in his lonely persistent pacing like: a | wild beast waiting to spring on his prey ? "Why did not the doctor come ? He went below again and looked at bis bonny wife, now sleeping with soothing wet olotbs about her head. He then went forward to see the two men: the lad whom he had left by them wab | asleep, and they were tossing and moaning and ' mumbling. ' Well, well, poor lad! he's as tired as a log.' fie gave the men drink, and refreshed them with cool cloths and then returned on deck. Ho, poor fellow, could not rest. Ob, why did not the doctor-P He caught the rumble of wheels—cab-wheels—upon the pier; the doctor was coming at lust. But the ear of that sinister watohful man above bad also caught the sound of wheels. In an instant be was at the age of the pier and j bending over, and before the skippor could con* ceive what he was about, the schooner was I drifting away, and the cables splashed into the sea. ' You infernal villain!' he yelled, and ruBhed to the wheel. The next quarter of an hour was to the ! skippor a desperate, almoBt delirious hand-to* hand figbt with the rush and whirl and pitiless pelting in the storm. He reached the forecastle somehow and roused the boy, by dint of shout* ing and dragging, to a sense of the situation ; he was handling the wheel while the boy let ontthejib; be was borne on by mighty hiss* ing seas he knew not whither, except that it was farther and further from the pier whose light grew yellower or smaller. He knew now that his sohooner was to become a wreck; it was of no use trying to run out to sea; he could only strive to run her ashore on the beach. But a vast wave swept on the ship broadside, burst over her, and knocked him down. He clung to the wheel, but in a moment he let it go; it was of no use; either the rudder or rudder-chain was broken. The ship now lay and wob swept away at the oruel meroy of the | waves—Bwept with wind and current away to theBOuth'ard againBt the dark cliffs, whosehollow roar, as they kept the breakers at bay stunned the tears and made the blood run cold. That the dear helplesB Susy must be flung to be torn between these Titanic combatants!— * Good Lord, deliver us, and forgive that in human old man!' It scarcely mattered that there was no boat left to launob, for it oould not have lived a moment in suob a sea. What, then, was to be done? He got some tow, lit it and made the lad swing it to show a flare. But presently this was put out and the lad almost sweptover* board by a heavy 6ea. He recollected bis double-barrelled rifle in the cabin; be brought it ou deck and fired it off Surely now his dis tress was known, and kind souls would rush to his rescue; for kind souls there must be in Twysoar; it was an English town, and had seafaring men of its own. 3fot, though lights burned steadily and brightly in the houseB on the cliffs, he saw no lights appear along the s> ore Were he and hi< quite, quite forsaken P . . . It seemed to bim that he had been driving thu* for hoars through the storm. His body was growing numb and his mind stupid; the wind buffeted him, tbo waves burst upon the deck and drenohed him; but he was no loDger conscious of them. His one thought, growing ever more wild and distracting, was only 1 Susy I 8aay!' Cat in reality it oould not bare been more than half an hoar from the moment he knew ho had left the pier before h'> felt the ship strike on the sunken rocks and awoke anew to the necessity for instant action. The deck-lotd—that was his only hope. They might get ashore on it. He descended to the cabin. To his dismay he saw that the water had already entered, and that Susy lay calmly asleep with the few bed clothes she had en dared upon her all wot. In sudden despair at the thonght that she would probably never open hor eyes upon him again, ho stood par a'ysed. Thou he bent down and passionately kissod her, calling(Busy! Susy! my dear, dear, ; dear wifo.' She turned and murmured, and as 1 if with a sudden inspiration (ho remembered ' hearing among the old folk at home that sea* wot if woll wrapped in thick, dry things, wonld not giro cold), ho wrapprd her iu the feather bedtn whioS she lay, and which the water had not yet touched ; thou he swathed her tightly in all tho blaukats he could dud. took off his oil-skin and put it about hor, and then above all wrapped a atont tarpaulin which completely ineaeod hor. He carried hor thus on deok, and lashed her to tho deck load. Thon he struggled to the foreoastio, wrapped the s-iilors iu what things ho could find, and carried them, one by rno, and lashed thom also to tho timber He undid tho ftistouingj which bound this im provised raft to tho deck, and shouting to the lid, * B<dd on for your life!' he w.»itoi for the next big wavu to break over the ship and carry tho raf*. away- rt eiimo, and th'*y wore swept iuto the soothing, hissing caldron of waters. . . . Then ho know no moro—but that he olutohod and cluug with tearing nails and peel tugfiugern; thit he was blinded and chobod, beaton and bruised—till ho oimu to himsilf. on a ledtfo in the cliff, and let the desolato thonght sweep oyer him, 41 am alone! Busy is gone!' But presently his hnart bounded to so» higher up tho ledge tho ruins of the raffoand to find closo to his hand tho lino which oonneoted him with the tarpaulin which lay upon it. Susy ' was near to ;bitai;'Bat ;was aha alive ?r He crept to her; hor oyei ■ were olosed, and her face cold!, It could not;be she was,dead 1 .She, must .not die^ Sbe might only swooned.-. He unbound her, and took hbr, Ih all her wrappings, to carry her , away. ; But bis heart fell again;.how could he, with.his bur den, escape, from that cleft iu the .cliff, up ita ragged aide ? lie mnat wait a littlo, till ha had recovorcd anine strength. . >. , . . Ho crouched aa far bnelc as ho could, with bia wife in hie arms. Tho cruel, wolfish waroa un weariedly leaped up nt him.and, with coldi strenuous fingers, tried to tear him and hit precious burden down..-In their disappointed fury they biased arid roared and spit at hint. The wind smote hitn ahd tried to pnah or artatch him from his place, and, as if to dizzy himt whirled great sponges of foam about his head and away up into the cliff. But he clung td the root. . T Then he felt strong enough to attempt td olimb out oi his perilous pefeb. .. ' -> * • • • • » That evening of the 5th of March the manft* ging committe of the Oliff Gardens and Fromes nade held the annual dinner in the banqueting room of the Hall by the Sea. The sea climbing up their massive wall derisively flung spray and foam and shreds of seaweed at their lighted windows, but they caused tho Bhntterstobe closed to beep all' thought of the eea out, and they rubbed their hands and sat down'to ebt and drinb and to be as merry as became magistrates of the town and fathers of fami lies. Now, it happened in Twyocar at that time, as it happens always and everywhere, that one corporate capacity attracted another; if a man was a magistrate he was sure alsor to be on the' Cliff Committee,' and if he was' on the 1 Oliff Committee,' he was certain to be on the ' Harbour- Commission.' So all the men who cheerfully leant over their soup knew of the odd fate of the plaguo-smitten ship, and of the providential deliverance of the town from the risk of the plague. Still, they were • not free from care ; an irksome sense of not bar ing acted either in person or by proxy quite aa became honest meo and merchants hung heavy abont their spirits till the wine had circulated several times. Then tongnes wagged more freely; bnt it was noticeable that no one even yet talked of what each was think ing abont. At length the ohairman (the middle-aged banker whom we saw on the pier in the after noon) rose to propose a certain toast [' Hear, hear.'] ' Gentlemen, I rise to propose the toast'of the evening—prosperity to Twyscar and to the Oliff Gardens. Never before, I think I 'may venture to say, has this committee mot under snch favourable auspices. The town, I believe, has entered upon an era of unexampled pros perity. The gardens and the hall by the aea have entered upon an era of unexampled pros perity, which by the blessing of Providence—'' There he stock dumb, with all eyes fastened on him. He clntohed the back of his ehair, and the pallour of his face and the dumb move ment of hiB lips were a study for Macbeth when the ghost of Hanguo appears at the feast: . The reasoD stood in the door—a tall, wild-looking man with yellow, dishevelled beard and hair-boat and shirt hong in tatters abont his strong'arms, in which he bore a great tarpanlin package." ' Peaatin,' gentlemen f he said in a natural tone enough, laying down his burden on. the floor and kneeling over it regardless of their presence. Then he stood up and advanced to the table with uplifted hand and delirious 'look (they now observed his feet were bare and Head ing.) ' If she's dead— may God bring judgment upon your onrsed town 1' Then with a, great sob he put his hands to bis faoe and entreated, 1 For mercy's sake, help me 1 Is there a doetoc among ye P' There was not. And understanding that the straugo bundle might be alive and breathing ont pestilence and death, (for one and HI sow gues-ed who theman.was,) they all shrank from its neighbourhood. V 'He's—he's madI' gasped the chairman.) ' Let's send 'em into the kitohen,' aaH one more pitiful or less terror- stricken than the rest. They beard a sadden rush of feat in the hill} a figure burst in at the door. 1 Gentlemen—' and there he stopped, staring ut the skipp?r; it was Dr. Barland. A rapid glance round, and he comprehended the situation He took up the insennblo woman in his arms, and was going out, when he turned again and said: * Twyscar shall suffer for this. I'll put it, in all the newspapers in the country. A parcel5;of cowardly fools! There is no cholera on board the ship that yonr wretched creature Cripple* garth cut from her moorings. Ob, yoa need not stare and frown at me—it's a fact which! I can prove. If yon have any remorse for the conduct of your town, yon oan go out and see if there are any others you can save ; she's on the mussel-beds. Hi, my poor friend.' The skipper. bad slipped from the ohair ia which he had eat down In silent shame, they gathered round to revivo him (were they not assured by a doctor that there was no oholeriF) Other* came ah.ait tbo doctor and his charge, whom he bad carried to the fire, while others still hurried out to fini the wreck. •You'd better leave this to ine/ said the doctor. ' It's not cholora, but it's contagious. tie was puxzl -d a^d astonished to fiad, on undoing tho many wraps about the woman, that her'skin was quite warm and «oftand healthy. •<hc di 1 not need r.*>o >vcrtm* f? cm n swoon ; he held fil volaii'f to her nostrils, and she opened her eyes as naturally ih from a deep refreshing -leep rn lien of bevf tea he gave her soma warm, chair soup. -• In hilf' »n hour rhe skipper and his wife locked n'lmh in each other's eyes, and grasped with f Trent, thankful love each other's hands ; the fever was g'ono. Ih a week Snsan was walking round Dr. RarlandV garden on her husband's arm ; ahd iu a fortnight tfhegrit"fully, and with&siatarly; tenderness kissed tho doctor. after he had promised to visit Bideford, and was helped into 1 he railway carriago on tho beaming skipper's strong arm That rapid recovery from typhoid fevor wa» the talk of the town and the study of the doctor. ^It- resulted in Dr. Harland's famous1 Fever -Treatment/ for which, among other things, • ' -Tfryscar is-now' famed; for the doctor at once •i?i|»ecame: a great man in*tho town, and wah :ti Specially' sought after to take charge of the i: i health and tho socrets of its magistrates. • Those who would liko to explore the eoene of ;; this'strange story will hardly recognise it, for Twyecar is now rioh and increased with goods; it is grown beyond all belief, and is now often •'•''caUed by aroyal name. Whether its marvellous ^ prosperity has come because or in suito of its '•''early crime. I leave casuists to determiuo. UA I-.:?, a:;.. : [TllR END.] t 