[?] THEODORA VA|L. A 8TOBY IN BIX CHAPTBB8. Bx Jam a Oibhot.Tk (Omluiti.) OHAFTEB IV. MDonroa. OonmruubT, counting the cost ot OTory step, and weighing oa& balandng tho expenditure end probable gain .or lose of eiers venture, were new experiences to Thoodora VaU, but eno eurou mm nothing, when preparing for her eeK- ' imUWetrtththeworidj -iajjj' seemed to court eordldncBS, and devoted many a spare ten. minutes, to mean. and minute ostentations. . : - She had bomb. from -Mainhumt. ,to Mel. bourne, and ; taken up. her.rMideaM iin ' i auist sububari lodgings— a little cottage » mammodHri-tiy bstween twopompous- 7 lnnWjf L,d brick, structures, landweanng ' " WiUT'overy post and paling, door and y'-ffldow, the, garnish and vivid cheap /'Hamatag ftat.rity.homfcvddightfiij-'tat ' the geraniums arrangod.coneatly inthe fsu- yaxd-squaie" front. garden in .which tX nudeand at tenanted, poplar nkopt I MUtry) ereot and martiti-lMktag, in either I borne?! . the must-scented clean vrindow: I ourtainaand.pretty qeeper of . pale passion I "flower interlacing the frame of wood-work I at' tho euhny' end pf,the.vmandah,.:whpre I' full of tiny twittering, oanarifs I Wang in its green, shade, aU made I Theodora deolare in its fpvour ; then too, it 1 had only one other . boarder, so the I .'advertisement sold-rind thatwoaarecom- 1 mandationtoher. ;. . "1 The air ot homeliness .that marked the 1 outside of the house i pervaded its Whole R interior, and Theodora fett gladto rest her I -Journey-tired limbs. on. the little white- 1 draped bed in the centre of her room. R Everything was unpretending; nnd .Inex- R oonsfo, withal so.neat and.lnxurious that R ehbfwt cpiito pleased 'with her .seleotion l I ot'& boixio ' (. '<'' "> 1 ' ' In tfae parlirar jwoa aewoetly-tuued Bora \ Mario, at whioh she, found herself seated T and playing in the evening. after .her rest. I She had never played Bihoe too beginning I of her .uhole's illness at. Guns, and it II augured well that ehe could do this. now 1 on the first day of her arrival in her. new 1 ' .tinme.' Brit one pteoe touohed . her. and R revived the old -feeling— it had; , always 1 1 stirrod her in the old 'days,: had always I I givehbirth, to tho reotleBaneea whloh had I I been her greatest trouble.,, n _ . .. . -v .1 R "I should not have , played that.Bho I 1 said with a tearful bmllb.. :. | I She would not let the weakness: pome, I I hut hurriedly, broke.into a lively vhIbo. | R Before msoy Ib'arri .were; playeA a.- heavy I shadow, before too, window mode., .the 1 grey evening . shades in (he room grow sua- I demy' dsnser, mid Theodora lurried ,her:,ho»d; I with tbo fog)lng!tbatlsbmeoue was islanding 1 1 IllOXOo' "l I . »l beg yon pwdpn, but willypu play | that delightful Morc'eatl ove(r again f» -I She dia not fooiafrolB or smprls'od. She I aiarhqinsiiheiBolfwhbifwras.bnt.'feeHng 1 tho' subtle security cf (ha.' friendship and 1 klnshiD of d nature so sympatheflc, that it H required to her. that, hbrfavourite over again I l I she playod. A. sweet dreamy opening sag- 1 I gostive to ' the listener civa baluiy eveniDg I h I between the lights, ' wl>Xn, tho bltds are sUent l t 1 and only the sott breeae raslllng' among, tas! 1 flowers with the tickle and babble of a I e B dlriant slreamlet'to be heard at tlmes bO; I 9, 1 twe'en" tho random- twitters- of a sleepy nOBt- 1 » I Uno-soitsr and' swsot'or It grew till tho I „ I aollolously rostlol feeling orooping over Iho | i 1 sonscB'is suddenly psinod ana .alarmed by \ tho monrnlal <owtenoofl find alrKo-liKO flfto- 1 so i t nous Ihot succeeded. A wcirdriqss ol sound, I DO 1 as though it wore the subdued .breathing of a 80 :1 doomed soul, ooemod to fill the little snsded ii| room, and tboblook-robod rl wlththo lalnt I 'J" ll Uhomtbo vrindowfalttbg on herwhlto I jh- lies and illomiued eyes. wove with deft ng 11 fl„Eera every imsglnaiy detail of . the respee- ibn 11 live uletutM— calm, " happy 'Ovsslng, -and fnp M black, gloomy night.' It was1 realiitlo sound Hi n»lnUnlt. \ 1 Tbero was sliouea ol a fow moments alter I lha last note, ind Theodora, hor.tirod hands I ibat M Ullan to hsr lip, was onlyrememberiag that I BOB- mtheia -WSB aomeono in the room :who had ill Mai berto pllty, whoa tba mam advancing I 1 i ttom thoobedo, atruok a match and applied | pi? (lib tb the guker. /Standing,. undor. its ullyv \M bflohtnoss theypooked at eaoh other— " Sbo 1 rrod 1 g$| Uiiady, an drtws, with lha faoe ola seraph, I that . pi ladikw'ouob ola hh>srti''hs thought. . . . 19 1,1 iVdabB, lodling at tho tall, spare 'form iri hL ' fi ll-kned oldlieo. Sold to herioll : '< What ,,'J niy. alovoi oli goutlomsn I ... A foreigner, drge ' 11 aatHfond o! rnVic. - .Mrs, Bandal's othsr >loy- 1 iouder, I wppoi" , Tho 1 By what' sp»V .fl .«. arithmoUo Ans I peoplb'oan thus Breach other up Jjaaypt . r ' i tolmown to the tduoated- world— It is not 11 tesBon or Ioglo, it V aimply intuition. The o so, agaualntanoeshlp bhouunder anoh peonliar pinci- nlwinmBtanesa of tUb W»d OCSaricn bSBSOa one of the neoeaiary aMompanimsnts ol Theodora's after-Ills, i'-i Mr. Boatin -wss, hs would Blmself say, a oltlzen el the. world; hie: had lived every where, but had- no partlGular natlonellty, hsviog been born ol Boglish father and Polish mother in Prsneei Wlth hto, 11 he had ,any Issnlag, Fnnoe wu h palru. Oltver, sdaoatsd and a thorough Bohemian In teats and habits, he had bean ail over the beaten traeks.ln the old world, and ipent many yean both ln thaHclUd Statu and South Amorlea'. .While youth and wealth' lasted, itwaa vary en|oyabla, ha told her one day— "but now in my .old age here am I, "poor, and frlandleaa, living in this way, and employed like, every aixtasn-yaar-ad jack anapes far counting up figure. What matter, for me, I.faave seen all, I, km oldl But you, deer Mies Vail, with year attain ments, and that awa'et tlngisg Inn . in yonr thioat. and— shali T make yon lainf that faoe like an angel'i;..yoa mnsr make no mistake with your ilia. Tall ma why you an hers." " Beoausa I am poor and friendless," ehe answered. , . ... I . "Not friendless, now. I 'too have no friends, not one in the world; then let no be friends to eebh other, vre will help eaoh other. Von have the gift of song; I have the appreciation of it, and the Knowledge of its patrons, and purchaeen, and I also have the ventnresomeneas to bring yonr mueio to their oounteia." "Mr. Bos tin yon are going to be the protector and friend I want I I hadmade up my mind to do as you say, to turn my voloo to aocount, but I did not know how to begin— what to do. i Sorely it wraa fate that eent me here." ' " Vou Bay yon eamo here heoause it looked homo-like and pretty— oh; my dear ohlld, it. had not these recommendations when I came, it had no attractions to offer mo, bnt its ohespness and qalet. A few geraniums and plants, the canaries, and a little advice to Mrs. Bandal anent the window draperies ete» did the rest ; eo I was the fate that brought you hard young 'Theodora looked round th'e.llttle parlour with its bright fire, tiny glittering tea- table, and cosily drawn blinds, then at the refined old foco, with its thin grey hair, and bright dark eyes, and smiled. -"BerilyMr.Boitlnliisio. Vourloveof the beautiful evinced in those arrangements attracted m, bnt wo art balanced for my playing brought JOU to me." "Yonr plsv leg, yes, but I had not heard yon ling, Mlii Bark Eyaa. Von have a fortune In yonr voice t" Hlefaoalightsdnp and his ntteianoe grew rapid In hu en- tbnaieem, as ha continued ; Let me tell yon how yon can make.lt.- Medsma Lornely tskel pnplls, only snefa as yon, that want bnt her meglo tonoh to make thorn stars in tha mueio world on their first appearance. K have etiU a few acquaintances In tha higher olroiss, I will oourl their favour, and, at tha projMt Urns', through their Influence, you will be totrbduood to the greet mUllon-mouthed Argua-oyed pnbUs.' II is like an Insatiable monster ever erying out lot new food whioh 11 seldom eats — only tiatei and throws away lot a newer morsel j it is faiUdloue— murderously so— hut you could not .pall on the taste even oi aneh a dragon aa theilty nnblla," Theodora's diya wero well ooouplad now. < I am Jhbrpaulhgmy weapons,'' ahanasd to say to herself - as she seng In Madame Lornely's rooms or assompanisd hmsslt on the little piano in Mrs. Bandal's parlour. She would sit or walk about in her mom for hours, top, with n deep wrinkle across tor white forobeod, the dark, eager pyeoaeaTah- ing intently the pages" of comporiUOh- of some of the great master mmaftof the ago— for ehe posseBBod the g ift of otoution in-' a marked .degree, and this, too, oho meant to bo a eouroe of bred-wfatninir. In the evening, she would sing, M»y. or ...s en tior friend and Mr.' Koatm, Ms sensitive car quick to note thoBrapld tendenoy to almost perfection of eoufid and utterance in the girl'B i o: mation, and was delighted with heKproi f"IwiUinot road, Iwill rooito it wi|tto'. proper acoomponimonta of gMtrapfli io would say ; "a book is de irop, I aiftiot half eattofied-with myaolf when I «adL . The oalm, inspired face, less eyes, and the graoaful WbJike that ataOBt told thepootfe talo withoubt.o wordo, and these, given- witn .rnnraw I pathos in a riohly modulated cud mu. I voloe. Itwaa a aigbt th at I having once seen would picture Mddrfafa j o! for ycara after, _ bo Mr. Eostm l Mtas Vail, your staging is heave® ( but your declamatory powers will, l tnuu I avail you more in tho eyes o! fti r| l Bnt sou are too earnest, too real. Be there ore tears in my eyes, ana , - Biuele'oolf represent thousands, for no| ever different in degree of feeling, oil to! ootamon ground in respontog to poetry- 'and living poetry like that. ,, a I . Hor eyes dilated withiplensuro. aj yo'a gate you are.uot ovor-catlBiatmg me| Jltad, tho teat is near j I am to ttPP0„J you said I must buy. Ah, "Mr. Eofltrn, if I akcrald'&il; I" . \ "1 do not fear for you. . ®srasass«!5 I Tt wflfi Mid flHe had oi loyolyiaoo to mate IOTo" b£ iwfrvoustss wfil toll 1 agalnat her, they doolde. Quietly and pationtly thay waUcd for tho flrc J With a doad-whito fooo and torror-strainoa | ovob ehe looked onooround tho houso, thou mado an almost Buperhutnnn effort. Bur .tha singing bird tahor throat wae dumo, tho over tonaion on her norvouB, acnsitivo , nature ' had killed it, and .without one aound— for she would not aing disoordantiy I— shb bowod hor head gravely ondleft the | 0tlfo'uBO for the nmnbgor to ratt ondaoold, ('.no uab for poor ohagrtaod Mr. Eorito„!v I oosx and urge.' Thoy might aond hot book I beforo thoso expeotant, moroilosBhunoroos of foocs, but aho could not alng, ono i She could not. : She never aang again, tor i the notes of tho upper rogiator novor cama i ourioty, all her ambitlotui droamo, and au i hor toilB. ' I L: OHAPTHB V. / I a 1,'oBpim pp jopii. , Avian the homing fevor had left her ana I tho diya of returning oonvalasoonoo anp- roooded, Theodora wopld Uo and think jt all rover— hor ohliahood with hav yonng mother, I lie father's grave, WBUa'a.gotag oway.Eaa 1 aorta days when lito.ln hat.bnafa topto,. I bean so beaullful ; that driva with tair paeli I W,fe. m b?toUo;»£f W»0» what abb had ssld and bow be earns home ailing and bopbleas, and how she had seen him die. Ibay' hsd all died, her. mother, father, Willis, and unola ; and aha aaked herself bitterly why aba was left. . Than tba plotnrs ol that nlfgit as aha stood before the aea of fa«a iii'tha thsatra with her destiny slipping throbgh hbr trembling Angara and tba voloo mule in bar throat ; it would recur again and-agiln with vivid dlatinatnasa, and it had a psoallaily. lUmulating effect upon fan,. "If I- only could have sung," fiow they would have ohbarbd arid dapped, and gone home raving of mo. They will do it yet," he would say, with tba old flash of resolve in her eyes t" I will get strong quickly, and Mr. 'Boatin tadat not help me tbta time, 1 want toflghtmy batUa by myself aa I said at Qurra l mould. I must never bawsak again or let inysall fafl." ' And aa babfa day" brought her . back physical - strength, it did not lesson the resolution fat he, ' "a ' Onb day, whan the sun warmed tbo cottage -with his soft rays, and the little canaries tntttered merrily in their oorner, Theodora cloeed the little gate on them, and with subdued aattdpation in her eyes,, and a' auspicious fold round her mouth- whioh meant resolution, Bhe went by her self to leek what she wanted. Old Mr. Bottin w asaway in his offloe, and no one else in the world knew or cared to know of her orrand. Yes, there wae Bessie, she asmembercd compunotionsly. " If I am unflBOcessful, I will advertise for her— no I will not, ahe is so warm hearted, poos child, it would only grievo her. No I I'll bo utterly friendless and penniless ifnlis mission be unsuccessful but ob, t tot I will be spared another humiliation,'! could not anmve it," aha whispered wfcrself, as she wont hurriedly on her way (though the crowded streets, notiotog noma and nothing. Though beauty and gibe eould he found on every aide, many atonderraglook followed the tall rienderfgrl, for Theodora Vail if a living poemNp beauty in her bush loneli ness and buflatarroundlnga loot none of it in toe cltyj aha had a dUHngui air, and tho poettjicauty of hor oyoa and faoe had become/M mytoing more marked and refined of law " In the evmw 'aha walked bask through the same stitjja and in the same thought- rapt mannefjgul Ibis lima there was a happy, iallilf look in hsr ay (, and toe Upa worn refaMld from tbelr ant hard let ting and warMHsd into their nattual awaat but terlooa ofriag. Bhe had bean anaaaa- ful lo her ajftilatlona with tha thaatrs manager, andWM to glva her first reading in tha coarse oijatontb— " pirhaps aooner," he aatd." " I Wiry and arrange for you to some on as swas this place in off the boards. Couldfo be readvln two weeks ? Now she mult til her old friend, and how hs would rejolowrib her in her hopes ol fame and indspndedl(. " For o! oourse I will be a success," ahaMi, Mr. Boatin adHiisd bar worda in his half- foreign sanguiulwy. ' «0! eonraa m will be a auseeas, you would not diaaMKnt toe ogre again, why, it would tsar yoEopIeoes.' Bsoltatlonaand readings are i ftm dujour— everybody will 'go to hear' youflp law will reoognlae the Uttls blrd that oWatag, but wouldn't alng for them. This Bo you will appear under your own name |fay,,I am glad it ia so, and I am all fllrnesa .to wllnesa your triumph, my littBark-eyed girl ofatrong' will and indepenW apirlt." Bessie oame onBorning when Theodora was rebearalng, W- waited in tha ' little .oqliag pariour. Jfaited f'tunnlea' to lha gate to look ouK-lhing to' the'eauariee, lying the piamsjoh a whirl oi reatleea expeolatlbn she wk ' VOh, my ottattnay, to think of your living in a pokMile plaoe like tola after QuRo, and yourlwog been ill, and, worse than all, there UBjur name all over the newspapers, andmtBk hp on bills j that's how wo iouod yiSiiut, Faps, Dave, and I. It was suoh worklpever oould have done it, only for Dave, mtthe wanted to wait and aea yon eo m&mbnt; I wouldn't let. him." ..Seeing Twooia's blankneBB. "Oh,. I forgot ! I ftuttto be married, you kpow, next mot) Si r sooner, if I like; and it will he soon# per that I've found yon, Pan By. -Dave 1 moken a houso in St. Kilda, and we w fljii live togetoer— it will he glorious I t llj 'ansy, don't smile in thpt way, as tool whrou think I am talking nquoonso j it ldfowi if you humour me in toat grand, Bupmfloway you've got." And Theodonfe|kd to -kiss toe fair, pouting faoe, ataSpploln that she nndor- Btood that it waB»lthorough earnestness — hut wnsn't Dawlybe oonsnlted P ' ," 0f eoureb;|iitaosulted him . long ago, and we agrood-tuatro would wait till wo found, you, for ® finer you would keep your promise, audi. WMln't be married unless you were wito mfehnsy." ; . «',Dave" wos.iDjd Ckimpiou, a young lawyer, whom iMlmaineea with Lawyer Bruce had sentiOB i trip.from Melbourne Ito'Maishursk 4w.t .onoe suooumbed to JBossio's oharmejmiiin immediate engage- (ment ras enteisd iuto.. Her Quixotic Uotioue rcgardtaw-.'er lost friend alter nately unoyed&Khmused; Mr. Campion,- ijut ho - rarmly Qapfioiatod toe Bweet kind- Meas ot ler tmtaratat 'gave birth to thorn. H The right oainoteoln for Theodora Vat' » stone uhdoiaA gaslight before tho ager-eied-.mftle.' She bore herself jEth gr ooful'jtbulgo, and her oalm, on- 0Kuaiaot o fooaadod sb muoh reality to i fw -tra: statiopjjjtat she oawlod every Hee oi d , fooUngwith horj evory single _ Blve in the hundidB of .bodies before hor gUod indrcgjipied to the magnetism Bier voioe .Mdpower,' Utter silence sbwedlher ffldithen one involuntary H aimultanoOTa" Bravo I" broke from jjw thr' st. Bhouostcomo beforo them |0i. ISioy thudared for. her reap- Mnoo. She- jbXo, not smiling and |;jg hs c ham k 0no of tho profoaaion Ave rci ponds: tba reoall, in too falla- wjlbqlt I that thj only oan oho testify ltiAppriolatioaiji the honour; hut tho eamo look of i||Ioow vehoucaoo still on hor fooo oyaaddnlng lieges, aho oamb, all;un. r$o ' stately I I. 3 uhTOted, dud quiet of a I mlBp ' lUoweu'jfion tooyi understood angao inoodlb'cpita! 1 Splendid I 1 1. jSP1 novorppi bot idontily, emlling, I P.e a d hapAAiioa, would bavo on- limar romhiRtj;. . la bor strangely PJ'Riw y sbetmqhrllled and'awakaned tboittpkil faun by hor rendering o! one ffe.clldescag.iaoot traglo poems in ,nI fpjpi an?,,f!h a ohange of exprea- 8 ?i®imcttnKf")rid have mado the I '"aYH r?n»3Pf Mrt ausoaptlbla reoolt I # h.B? t twttourooo. to, the ploaaant, and I ! -Swon, t<2.rolIoi to see a gloomy I iPi tabonred through the I ! C«. 80 long eota, reappear I .ffl5BMu bo»oaD8,eyoB. Wa, | arc gltod t\MAt has put all her woee l aomawKhblnafflBeopes, at toe same I ""visMf ' ? ®8 finale off. he work, , | and fJlW:®)I fgr?o, spoiling too. I I PI'iI. k) he fnught.hor. 1 1 baltlei Btaau aBsi Quia shR would, fell herself eoaealve newer and higher.am bitlons; an unsatisfied craving !or fnlki cope and newer flelds, took poaBession ol her. It was inborn in her, tola hunger fox . something, '. she' cotud.. rive it no-name; ahe cared nothing that her name was on every tongue and always mentioned with respect and admiration, though sha felt pleased that she had secured Independence ol livelihood by her talents, Bhe had telt this dissaUaiastlon with herself at Qom ; her unole had always acoonnted for it by over-atud; and lnaongruona reading, sha had herself thought It aroia from want o! pur pose bom inaation' and that oooupatton would be its cure; yet, hero it was again. \- One day while reading carelessly, then, words eangbt hsr" attention: . " While fame stands by ua all alone abe ts an angel olid in light and atrangth, but when leva touohei her she drops her aword and fades away ghost-llks and ashiuned." " I wonder U it will be ao with mb;'' aha said. Bessie was minted a few weeks after that day ol finding hsr blend in Mil. Bandal's ooltage, and Theodora yielding to Ihsir per sistent wrings took up hsr abode with Mr, and Mrs. David Oempton In Ihab'nawhome. Beasle was ao proud of hsr friand'a sua- cessaa and delighted in hu nag-matronly honours baoaoaa aha eould be of soqe asrvlaa to her aa chaperons. . Tba young people always wont with her when aha gave a reading, and with toeso : vigilant guardians, and old Mr, Boatin who never tailed to be at the door waltingher arrival, few or none oould approaob. They said of her that "the wae proudreserved, and held herself too muoh aloof, auoh uuroolabllity would be a clog on her new reputation, she would never become a favourite. Thoodora did not know— aho bad had fow associates in hor life at home, and now ehe dealrcd fewer; though ahe was ktadly and gracious to those who had toe good fortune to oome within the circle of her guard of honour, and mako her acquaint- ance. "Pansy likes people, or she doesn't like them," Mia. Campion said in her deliri ously explicit way to herhutband, whan he was receiving fata instructions, "so jnst introduco a fow of the sort that ahe will liko, and let 2b. Boatin plok thorn, he knows bettor than you." One night near too end of hu engage ment, Beule could not oome as usual, for a telegram had oome from Hugh Campion, Davo'a brother, wha owned n small stock station in Queensland, saying he was coming to Melbourne, he would arrive that night with a friend, and aa be was anxious to see his new alrtor-in-law, he would go straight to St, Hilda. Besalo decided that Davo must eaoort Theodora, and ehe would stay at homo for this abrupt self-invited brother-in-law, who had too reputation of being the moat redklesahom-breaker, and wildest buah-rider for miles around his interior Queensland home. " If your brothu doesn't look a Goto, and comes early, Pil teko him and hla friend to hear Theodora,.ao secure our old aeate if you can, Dave." OHAJTEB VI. Thb house was.orammed, and Theodora looked at the paoked rows of faoes before her, a quiet, steady look over the house, up to Bessie's place. . Bessie always expected that look, and W itcd for. it ; ahe told .toe gentlemen so, and they, too, watched and waited. , - - Dave's brother was much, like him in appearance, only sunburnt and .more jStosttowaa there, and Dave sitting beside Bessie; but- Theodora's glanco swept over and past them, resting steadily on Hugh's Queensland friend who, at that instant was - standing straight and tall behind Bessie. She did not mean to ook at him more than ao one ooners; ic was usual for her to look there at Baaaie, and, knowing too visitors wero with her, she naturally looked for them; too; hut, look ing, ehe saw only one faoe. A dark, proud face1 with long, drooping moustaohe; eyes, large, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met toot flash from hers., . . Byes aro not oonventionol, they wait for no introduction; bnt flash out rooognitiona broadcast, and acknowledge kimjhips wlth .beings whose names .may never bo known. So it is aiaid of .toom, . . > i . ' . With her naual .earnestness and - en- touriaem, Theodora . gave her - reading. Everything was just the Bame— BeHsio was before her,' beaming and. smiling ; . Mr. Boatin, itith 'kind < ; enoonragement : -and > fatherly interest, watehed as wob his wont ; aU the hundredo of hungrv-eyed, expeotant faces word as usnalg.bat she oarca notaing for them. That one face that looked down at her over. Bessie's' fair- head stirred her, and Bhe wanted to look np again. Obedient to this nnuaual prompting, ahe did ao. Onoe, in a quiat, thrilling pause, when a pulaeleaB Bilenoe wae torough.and all over the houBe, she Swept an upward glance to toe dork faqe that watehed her Uke the othera-atiU. and expeotant, but, with aroused energy and interest in thoso proudly-droopodejos. ' >' During toe interval' ho listened. , Ho knew Mrs. Cqmplon would talk, and that. Hugh would ask her questlone.. .- " Yea, her real naiue . is .Theodora VaU.. Theodora is too stiff and heathoniah .a name for me, so I call her .Pansy. -'Her unolo always called her so, on aooormt of Heamilod approvingly. under hie. long moustaohe as he romombored tho volvoty softness and dork purplo colouring whioh that upward glanoe snoneo, -ana ueoraoa that tW wore the most wonderful, eyes- that ho had ever seen. "-: -1 Pale, save for a faint tinge that exalte- ment had worked into hor . cheeks, and standing betide Beistie as ahrihklngly and shyly modest us though no orowd of mon and womon had just hung hroatoloaaly_on every Word, aa, it left hor Ubb,. Maurioo Suthorland mob hor on tho stairs in tbo gloro of too gaslight. Davo Campion introduocd them i « My brother, a wild Queensland settler,. Panoy, oome here for a taste ot oivilisation, ond tola ia Hugh's friend, Mr. Suthorland," also from Qdeonsland, mid on bnalnosa ta Melbourne." , . ' They did not say muoh to eaoh other. oyea had said enough, ond Theodora knew by the iitdoflnable. sqnsation that took possession of. her,' mind aqi body, that this was the man aho waa to esaio, always amiable and kind, mado the visit no agreeable that Hugh and his friend etayod longor then thoy at first Intended. Maurice-. Suthorland stayed booauso he was learning to lovo tiiU gifted, dork-oyXvgirl, who oould talk with him eo earnestly and deoply; and,: as ho sridtohlflfriond, " It'aanowthlng to find a girl that con talk or,. If ho asfiod. for mualo, oould play hlfl aonsbs Into transport. \- By her Impassioned voice and qolemn presenoo aho oonld hold thousands spoU- boupd, yet' not o merry iokoof Beatie'a ever foil through for want of nolpfrm Theodora; die ita? eye Toady .to entqr tato metf amusomont howaYor trlfllcg,- and lend hor .arnUtag hld ln entertaining: Qer happy lapgfa atHqahte raoybqih qto(Us was a ,tre«T|0. ?es#,: »# Bundrsds of them and riven with ludicrous imitations and , sploe-shaldngs ol oomlaal iaug expressions. He was . the pet of -the bonis, and oould extend his brawny length on the best, oonebee. ind bmy bis run- buraed face among Bessie's pries, cushions— even was at times found withbatia onth . «indow-aUl, amoklng bte long pips la tfa drawing-room, where -Dave's dalntle cigarettes had been forbidden! Mr. 'Bostl t spent many evenings with thsri; when bn' oame he always took pOiisiaiois ot Theodora, ahe should pour hla tea. out for him. too, Tho old man liked to sea tha'alander hands, fixing the cups and waiting-' on him,' it reminded him of the days at Mrs. -Baudal' whore she learned bis tea peenliatiUes." < Everything waa so different with, Theo dora that ahe often wondered U ehe eould really be the same girl of the Gurra daya end tha anxious student ' of that advent forerunning the night of woefal .failure. She always thought of it whtn Mf. Bostio osms, bnt be would never 1st bar apask of It. Tbo lait night cf her appearance eame, and for - this night Maurice Suthuiand waited. Besale told Theodora all aha eould glean from Dave andHogh of him and hla life. In the pilvaoy of her room, Theodora, bruih- ing her long , gold-brown - balr, lhtened to Banle, who rowed busily as aha talked, tongue and needle keeping a dead heat. .. " Hugh has known him four yaars; all tha time they've bean together in Queens land. Hugh thinks him a fine fellow. Ha waa jilted by a cousin at boms: ha wss to have been married to tha gtsl when hs was twenty-one, but aba married iomeona alio, and Hugh aays hs hu never apoken a dosen times to any one woman alnoe, and that's fifteen years ago— ol course, I mean Utl now, Pansy. I guessed there wn something (like that in bis life ; hs wouldn't bo so clever and ayoteal, 11 ba hadn't hated women and taken to studying. Don't gal ao red, dear, yon needn't ears about tba cousin, that waa snob long time ago. " I'm not thinking about tba sonata, Bessie, I'm thinking bow lonely it wta be for ms, for all oi as, whan they go amy, and that will bo to- morrow," "Ob, Panay, yon're not thinking of poor Hagb at all, nor of our lonsllnms, that's all sham, you are thinking only of thal-dark saturolna- IooHng king ot yours, isn't it so!" Ths blnshss deepened, and she brushed bar hair tho othsr way to hide thsm, aa aba fteskly aniverftd. " Yflt" "Panay, dear! I don't think yon quite understand ths sort o! turn he Is, . Yonr ambitions would bavo to give way altogether to his dreadful pride aad hs bold auefa strsngo notions and prejudiaas, why, dear, ha la foil of faults — " " Bessie, don't. He has none to me. Tho king can do no wrong I" As hs folded the white woollen wrapronnd hot head and shoulders as they stood for tha tart lime nndsr tba gaslight of tho atsga stairway, Maurioo Sutherland looked down at her sweat yonng faoe and dark npratead eyes and frit that ne oonld not go without telling hsr. He stooped, his long moostaoho brurhiog the bright hair on hsr forehead, and whispered: " Theadoia, oonld you leave this lor me !" " For vou, Maurice, yas." . " And; think well, darling, would you over regret lit'.. The glowing faoe In its fleecy, cowl was laid eoitly against his ooat- sleeve. " No, beoause Move you, Maurioo." - ' Nestled ia ber lover's arms and- listening to bis low votes and avowals of love she fell all ber restless longings and eager ambitions vanish into ambient air,: and tba.- words -aho had read oame belore her mind in tho midst ot her happy thoughts, forcing themselves, as it were, on her recognition. ' , "Listen, Maurice, I read these words ' weeks ago and wonderod it they oould be truo, now I know they ate, 1 While fame standB by us all alone she ia an angel oloa in light and strength; bat when lovo touches her she drops hor sword and fades' away gbost-Uke and ashamed.'." 