OUR HOBART LETTER. ' (from our own corrksfondknt. ) . Tho principal items of interest during ttio past week havo.hcen tlio hmtbnll liiatehes be tween the Essondon ti»am ami our local men. Tlio first match was played on Saturday last, biit: though our men evidently did their best1 lulu JknaUIIUi'll Ifiljfl >> U1 U till) IIIUCII I'll LIIClll. The game rasulted in a victory for the visitors by ii goals to 2. On Tuesday tho two teams agaiii met to try conclusions, and got a worse licking than before, thu Fssondou men scoring (i goals to their opponents' 1. Tho local men hadn't a ghost of a chance, No doubt playing under strange rules was a great disadvantage to our men, but not sulficiont to account for ttic' difference ; in the score. However, this, defeat will do tlmm good, aud show them the necessity of nioro diligent practice. After a long period of wet and disagreeable weather, fine (lavs liave sot iu at last. .To-day has been really beautiful, and under its genial influence our city is beginning to put on a more cheerful 'appearance. I hope it may continue, for during .the past . fow weeks the weather has been wretched.' While signs of improvement are visible (in all hands, our streets uroiundisgracoful state. Somo of .the outlying streets are almost impassable, whore ho members of tho Municipal Council live. If any man wants excitumont he has only to take a walk up Goulhurn-strcet on tho first % wet night, and walk on the kerbstone ; and if lie doesn't get caught in tho sower and drowned before : going a hundred yards, I'm no true prophet. This state of things would not be tolerated in any other civilised community. Tho Lyons' Tourists and Pleasure party have been performing. .to crowded, houses all the week, and havemadothemsolvesgieat favorite with tho play-going portion or the Hobart public. It is generally hoped that tlioy will oxteud their stay beyond this week. Tho Southern Star, a tri-weckly evening paper, mado its first appearance on Monday oveuing, and met with a very enthusiastic reception at tho hands of tho public. Up to a !lato hour in tlio ovciung the office was; fairly besieged for copies of the paper. Tho Star "will be a perfectly independent Paper, and not a party organ, and an such will . supply a long-felt want in Hobart." The press of Southern Tasmania has for some years been a complete monopoly, and all monopolies aro bad. The Stur is very creditably got up, as far us the mechanical department is concerned, and is full of interesting matter.' A great many ' people foretold that it would not succeed. That remains to bo proved. With sonio no doubt, the wish was father to the thought, but verb mtl sap. August 31. 