WHY ' BABY MINE » FAINTED. Once, when Mme. Eentz and her female minstrels were peforming in San Francisco, a ?well-known Front- street merchant — one of the orchestra seat brigade, whose head was more clear than level' — waited round the stage entrance to the Standard Theatre, after the performance, trying to conceal a handsome bouquet under his .ulster. JFor a long time he kept peering at the I different specimens of Mme. Rentz's sirens, as they put up their umbrellas and trotted away in the rain. After waiting patiently for about an hour, he approached an indi vidual with a red scarf and a slouched hat, who stood smoking a cigar at the entrance, and said : ' Can you tell me, sir, if Miss Chlorine has gone home yet ?' '0, yes, been gone half an hour,' re plied the slouch hat party cheerfully. ' Those flowers for her ?' ' Well— er—um— yes.' ' I'll give 'em to her— see her later,' said 'the obliging man. ' ' Will you ? That's very kind, surely.'' '0, not at all,' said the man, smelling the bouquet with the air of a connoisseur. ' Anything else'?' ' Well — ahem ! — yes. Just give her this vpairof earrings.' ' Certainly. What name shall I say ?' 'Just say ' Baby Mine' — she'll under stand- — sends love, and says 2.30, at the same place to-morrow.' ' I'll just make a memo, of that,' said the red-tie man, writing on his shirt-cuff; ' ' 2.30 same place to-morrow.' All right. Anything else ? ' ' No, that's all. Sure you'll see her this evening ? ' - | '0, certain.' ' ' And you'll get a chance to speak to her when there is no one around ? ' ' O, dead sure. You see, I'm her hus band ! ' ' Baby Mine ' fainted, and was sent to .his home in a hack. * The court (austerely) : Prisoner, how did -you have the audacity to break into this man's house at midnight and rob him ? ' Prisoner (piteously) : But, your Honor, last time I was before you you wanted to know how I could have the audacity to rob a man on the highway at high noon. When do you want me to get in my work ? ' . 1 . M. De Lesseps on Egypt.— M. de Les seps thinks the Egyptians are well qualified to govern themselves. ' The Copts are very intelligent, and would be progressive if they had fair play. They form an excellent material for a governing class. There is no country where there is so little need of a public executioner as Egypt. . Because the Egyptian is gentle, it does not follow that he requires a Turkish or other foreign master. From a Christian point of view, his meek ness should be a title to citizenship. M. de Lesseps regards the Egyptian fellah as superior to the French peasant in thrift and fertility of money-making resource. The account to which a soldier in Cairo will, in the hours when he is free from military duty, turn a donkey that he has hired, shows financial talent of a superior , kind. In the Egyptian army, before the control was established, pay was always in arrear, and arrears were never paid. The soldier had to do for himself, and he managed to bear up against weighty imposts. When he returned to his native village he bought and sold, swopped and bartered, and turned over a great deal of money, in the periods which would have been spent in idleness and dissipation were he in the European army. Wherever there is a free school in Egypt it is well attended ; the j-oor people there understand the value of knowledge, and accept it from teachers belonging to Catholic and Protestant missions, although attached to their own form of Coptic Christianity. Reading and writing are much more general than Europeans imagine. M. de Lesseps could almost now from a staff of Egyptian clerks form the administration of his canal. The negroes, who were im ported to labour as slaves on the domains of the ex-Khedive have many excellent and useful qualities. M. de Lesseps has very kindly feeling towards the dark races of the world, among whom he has lived a good deal. He is convinced that Egypt will be in the future, as she has been in the past, a civilising state in Africa. A Woman Soldier. — Mrs. Elizabeth Hatzler, who died in this city on the 1st May (says the Philadelphia Ledger), was a veteran of the Franco- Russian war of 1812. She was born 4n 1790 at Landau, then in possession of France. In 1810 she was married to George Hatzler, a sergeant of cavalry in the French army. Scarcely had their honeymoon passed when the husband 'received orders to join the memorable expedition against Russia, and sheun, wil ling to part from him, determined to go also. Her hair was cut short and the female ap parel changed for a soldier's uniform, and thus disguised she passed through the whole campaign,- riding by the side of her husband. ? She was present at all the prin cipal battles and at the burning of Moscow. Through the promotion of her husband to the rank of a staff officer she had frequent opportunities to see the great Emperor, and on several occasions conversed with him. Her husband having been injured by an accident, thev became separated from the main body of the army, and for nine weeks she dragged him on a hand-sledge over the frozen ground. A guide's treachery delivered them into the hands of the. Cossacks, and they were held prisoners for nineteen months. Being exchanged at last, they gained their army and were in time to un dergo all the sufferings and privations of the disastrous retreat, which almost annihilated Napoleon's forces. Through all these vicissitudes her sex remained undiscovered. In 1846 she emigrated to this country, and lived for twelve years in Fort Delaware, while it was being built by Major Sanders. Up to the time of her death she retained full use of all her faculties, and never had need even of spectacles. It is said of her that since she returned from the battle-field in 1814 she never suffered in a single instance . from any rasult of her exposure. Her memory concerning things that happened while she was a child was often clearer and more accurate than of things that happened in later years. She spoke English, German, and French fluently, and had a mastery of Russian and Italian. - She leaves three grandchildren and ten great- grandchildren. Influence of the Electric Light on Sight.— The influence of the electric light upon the sight is a subject likely to attract attention. Numerous observations, especi ally in France, lead to the undoubted con clusion that there is nothing prejudicial in the nature of the rays derived from the electric light, but, on the other hand, this light may be of great benefit by reason of its superior illuminating power. Indeed, it is highly probable that many eye diseases, myopia among others, are produced, and more- are aggravated, by the strain of vision under circumstances of defective illumina tion. The sense of discomfort experienced even by a possessor of good sound eyesight who reads for some time in twilight will demonstrate to anyone the probability of what we have said. On the other hand, there is a risk attendant on the use of too bright illumination. Practically this effect is only in the case of those whose occupa tions in connection with electricity lead them into close relations with the light, but even in such cases the resulting inflamma tion, whether of iris or conjunctiva, are neither grave nor lasting. In the not far distant days of electric house illumination the companies may be trusted, if only for the sake of their pockets, not to do any serious injury to the general public by an excessive supply of light. It may. however, conduce to the peace of mind of nervous persons to know that even in such a case glasses suitably tinted will give relief. We must remember, however, that electric lighting is still in its infancy. Future scientific improvements may be trusted to remove what now is a more serious draw back to the light in a hygienic point of view than that which we have spoken of, namely, its unsteadiness. This once palliated, we shall find direct benefit, not only from the more perfect illumination, but also from the fact that this will allow of the lights being so placed that the eyes are protected, especi ally in near work, from their direct rays.— British Medical Journal. The Effects of Federation .in Canada.— Mr. Archibald Forbes, alluding to the question of federation, thus speaks of its effect in Canada : — I came here' almost direct from Canada. I had visited Canada twenty-five years ago. Then, she was the twigs not yet tied up into the bundle ; now, let anyone try to break the well-entwined fascine, and learn how difficult would be the undertaking. She has home-rule indeed in each of her provinces; but she has .a do minion parliament in addition, and a do minion government, that concerns itself with the promotion and conservation of dominion interests. It is this parliament that legislates, inter alia, for the railway accommodation of - the dominion, and it legislates with a steady eye; not to pro vincial, but to dominion advantage. Canada is at this moment engaged in the construc tion of a railway line compared with which any intercolonial line that could be devised on this continent would sink into insignifi cance. Her Western Australia is British Columbia on tl .? Pacific slope ; her ' Aus-. tralian desert ' is the- region between the Rocky Mountains and Lake Superior ; she is. linking the Pacific to the Atlantic by a line that will thread on (its route territories of stupendous extent, the rigours of which will be conquered, and the advantages reaped, by men of the same idomitable nationality as yourselves. It is no longer in Canada the petty cry, ' Nova Scotia for the blue noses 1 ' or, ' Ontario for the Ontarians 1 ' but ' Canada for the Cana dians.' Any day that Canada chose she might break the tie she loves and cherishes, and step forth into the world a nation with every attribute, every strength, every ele ment of weight and consideration that be seems a nation. Large and Small Farms.— A few -years ago, according to the Pall Mall Gazette, large farms were all the rage in England. Small holdings were scouted, and confident predictions were made that they would share the fate of the handloom and the spin ning-wheel. Now the tide has turned, and it is running as strongly in the other direc tion. Large farms cannot be let, small holdings are snapped up at once. Accord ing to Land : — ' There is all through the West and the Midlands the keenest compe tition for small farms, and men who a few years ago were in possession of farms of 200 .or 250 acres, without possessing the capital necessary for their proper cultiva tion, are now taking farms of 40 or 50 acres, upon which, if they have less capital than they had .five or six years ago, they will have a larger capital in proportion to their holding, and better security than they had to encourage them in the free use of their capital and skill alike.' An agricul tural, if not an agrarian, revolution is thus going on silently all around us, which can hardly fail profoundly to modify both the political and social conditions of English rural life. „ A Whitewash that will Stick and Wash. ? — We find in a German paper a formula for a wash which can be applied to lime walls and afterwards become waterproof so as to bear washing. Resenchek of Munich mixes together the powder from three parts silicious rock (quartz), three parts broken marble and sandstone, also two parts of burned porcelain clay, with two parts freshly^slaked lime, still warm. In this way a wash is made which forms a silicate if often wetted, and becomes after a time almost like stone. The four constituents mixed together give the ground colour to which any pigment that can be used witli lime ys added. It is applied quite /thickly to the wall or other surface, let dry one day, and_the- next day frequently covered with water, which makes it waterproof. This jyashfean be cleansed with water without losing any of its colour ; on the contrary, each time it gets harder, so that it can even be brushed, while its porosity makes it look soft. The wash of calcinmine can be used for ordinary purposes, as well as for the finest painting. A so-called fresco surface can be prepared from it. in the dry way. Utilization of Sea- Waves. — The recent progress of electric machines has largely directed attention to the economical pro duction of force. The sea, with its tides and surge, offers stores of force little utilised as yet. Two schemes for turning the wave motion of the' sea to good account have lately appeared. M. Victor Gauchez (whose method is described in La Nature) would suspend a large float by ropes from a pulley outside of a stone enclosure built a short way from the beach. Within the enclosure is a bell-shaped iron vessel, suspended from a central-pulley system, connected with the float-pulley. This moves up and down in correspondence with the float, , on a block of masonry, which has passages communicating with the air space above and with a pipe below, which extends to a reservoir on shore. The bell, in rising, sucks in air through valves in its upper surface, and, in falling, forces the air along the passages to the reservoir. The ropes are kept always taut by means of a weight ' ; hung in air from a pulley connected with the inner system, and the bell has at its lower part a caoutchouc membrane con nected with the block of masonry. M. Gauchez specifies the dimensions which he thinks would insure a rapid flow' into the reservoir and involve no excessive heating. In the other scheme, by Professor Wellner, of Brunn (an account of which appears in Dingier' s journal), there is fixed along a sea wall a sort of air trap— a metallic case, open below, now in air, now in water, as the waves beat on it. At the top this com municates through valve and pipes with a reservoir, in which the air is compressed, and the force thus supplied may be directly utilised for some purpose. Herr Wellner brings the pipe from the reservoir to the lower part of an air- wheel, which is like an overshot water-wheel, immersed in water. The air displaces the water from the cells, and drives the wheel round while' expand ing and rising to the. surface. The system works with different degrees of compression, if the air-conducting tube be provided with several valves, so that the air may be ad mitted to the wheel, at different depths, ac cording to the pressure. With small waves and compression it is admitted higher. This apparatus the author proposes also to use by way of supplying cooled air for beer cellars,,, larders, &c.;, in hot climates. — Times. Society of Carpenters and Joiners.— The , following statistics regarding the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners in England will be read with interest here, especially since a similar unioii has recently been effected in Sydney : —From the 22nd annual report of the amalgamated society, just published, it ap pears that they have added 1001 members to their numerical strength, making a total of 18,765, being the largest increase since 1876\. Their income for the year has been £44,714 5/7-ft-, or an increase of £2541 over the previous year; expenditure, £45,139 18/4-|, or £125 12/9 in excess of income. It was, however, very satisfactory to know that at the end of 1881 they had a cash balance of £40,960 16/6^-, and, after a very careful valuation of the buildings and other property, they found a grand total of £46,111 9/6, or £2 9/lf per member. They had expended in unemployed benefit £19,182, or £1 -0/5£ per member, being £2740 less than the previous year ; in sick benefit, £12,575, which is an increase about proportionate to the increase in members. Compensation for tools lost by fire, water, or theft, cost £1035 ; funerals, £2174 ; accidents, £1040 ; superannuation, £665 ; benevolent grants, £756; grants to other trades, £56. Since the formation of the society they had expended in the various benefits and benevolent grants no less a sum than £378,181, or £37 7/5|f per member. ' The Frozen Meat Question. — /The Home News says : — The whole ques tion hinges on the difficulty of distribution. The meat trade in England is highly com plicated, and in no other industry are there so many middlemen or intermediaries be tween producer and consumer. Jobbers, dealers, carcase butchers, salesmen, all have to make a profit before the retail shop keeper can offer his joints to the public. The enterprise with which our colonies are placing their foreign cargoes upon our home markets is threatening to deprive these middlemen of their profits, and hence every ? effort is made to ' crab' colonial meat and prevent its distribution. What is wanted is a co-operative establishment in London with several depots in various districts at which the Victorian meat can be received and retailed direct. Till this is done we shall hear the same complaints, and the colonies -vill never, have a fair chance. The fact remains, however, that we do not raise half the meat at home that we want, and the balance must be imported from somewhere or other. We are a carnivor ous race. Even the poorest will have butchers' meat once a week. In all the better-class houses it is on the table at least three times a day, and in the servants' hall oftener still. We have no fancy for maigre fare ; and no dinner would be com plete without prime and other joints. The laws of supply and demand are inexorable, and if countries who aspire to send us meat will only persevere they must establish a lucrative, trade in the end. The time is not apparently far distant when 5000 car cases of sheep in one vessel will be quite an insignificant consignment. A steamer for Australia has just left the Clyde with Hick, Hargraves, and Co.'s refrigerating machin ery on board, capable of keeping a space of about 700 tons capacity (being the largest space hitherto provided on any vessel for this purpose) at a temperature of 85* below zero Fahr. The same company have just completed and . shipped to Queensland a cold-air machine, which is said to be the largest of the kind ever made. It is made for freezing and keeping in a frozen state, ready for shipment, 1000 tons of fresh meat. An Australian sheep weighs from 60 lb. to 801b., so this enormous freezing machine will be able to freeze and keep m store, in | a perfectly fresh state, for any time desired, no less tlian 20,000 'sheep. Fast Cruisers* — England is becoming (the Broad Arrow say^) almost uncon sciously the possessor of a fleet of fast cruis ers. This fleet conforms in many respects, if not in all, to that which Sir Thomas Brassey favours — a fleet of convertible mer chant and passenger steamers. The latest addition is the Moor, built for the Union line on the fast-cruiser principle. Strong and swift, the new ship is- capable of being util ised in war as an Alabama of a powerful | class. A novelty introduced into the Moor consists of the isolation of the engines within a species of stockade formed of the coal bunkers. Thus, if a shot were directed at either end, the ship would be kept- afloat by her elaborate network of bulkheads, while her engines would be practically impene trable through the loose armour of her coal bunkers. This is the greatest advance yet made by our ocean carriers in the direction of adapting their fleets to purposes of a militant character. A Dearth of Ivory. — It is not unlikely, observes the Engineer, that ivory will soon become so scarce that its use in the shape of pianoforte keys, knife-handles, and fans will „ vbe reserved for the affluent. The rapid ad vances in the value of ivory are causing some uneasiness in the market. At the last quarterly sale, which closed on' April 28, | there were only 81 tons offered (including ten tons withdrawn from previous auctions) as against 122 tons offered in April 1881. The falling- off was mainly owing to the con tinued scarcity of Cape (only 1% ton), and the limited supply of West Coast African (11 tons). From Zanzibar and Bombay there were 33 tons, 24 tons from Alexandria, and 9 tons from Malta?* All descriptions, except for billiard-ball purposes, have gone up from £3 to £4 per cwt., and the ivory cutters have resolved for the second time this year to raise their prices. Amongst the features of the forthcoming Philomathic Exhibition at Bordeaux, is to be an immense aquarium, which will be divided into two parts, one for fresh-water fish, the other for sea fish and marine plants, to be lighted every evening by electric incan descent lamps. Some of these lamps will be placed in the water. Brilliant effects, are expected. . The brackets will be concealed behind the rocks, and will be supplied with glass globes of different colours. An official report just published shows that since the time when horsesflesh was first retailed in Paris as an article of human food the consumption of that delicacy has steadily increased. In 1875 the number of horses slaughtered for the purpose was 7000, ? and this ? has risen to 9000 in 1880, and again to 9300 in 1881. Besides these, there were sold at the 40 establishments, ex clusively devoted to carrying on this busi ness 10 carcases of donkeys in the first mentioned year, 320 in the second, and 400 in the third. The estimated weight of horseflesh consumed in Paris last year was about 1670 English tons, in addition to about 18 tons of donkey flesh, without reckoning the offal, which is used in the ' making of sausages. According to statistics issued by the ministry of the interior, it appears that since 1871 crimes and misdemeanours in Prussia have increased at the enormous rate of about' 111 per cent. In 1880 alone the number of prisoners rose by nearly 15,000. Colour and Constitution in. Stock. — For many years an opinion prevailed amongst breeders that colour influenced constitution, and with those holding such opinion white was a tabooed colour amongst shorthorn cattle. . As so many of the very best shorthorns of late years have been white, it had almost become the favourite colour with many breeders, and it was thought that the idea of iis being an index of want of vigour had been entirely dissi pated. Not so, however, for the question is again being warmly discussed in the pages of some English journals. So far, however, the objectors to the ' all whites' have by far the worst of the argument, as the prac tical testimony is entirely against them. The opponents of the white colour reason thus : — ' White means a diminution of vigour ; a failing of power to produce the original colour ; just as in a man the pro cess of growing gray — eventually white— is a sure sign of failing vigour.' On the other hand, it is shown, according to Darwin, that cattle when allowed to run wild have a ten dency to become white with coloured ears ; and it is observed that amongst certain lines — notably some of the Duchess families which have long been bred within them selves — the tendency is to. run to white. This, according to some, verifies the correct ness of Darwin's observations, that they are reverting to their original colour, the proeess not being prevented or disturbed by cross ing. This may be dismissed as a pretty little theory, in no way, as yet, supported by practical' proof. The discussion, how ever, has brought to light one fact worthy the attention of shorthorn breeders even in this remote portion of the globe. It is well known amongst breeders that the cele brated Bates tribe of cattle (known as the ' Faggathorpe' tribe) was notorious for its yellow tint, and it is now given as a fact, by practical observers, that the use of a white bull upon a yellow cow is apt to produce a blue roan calf. ' It is needless to say that, in Australia as well as in England, blue roan is the most objectionable of all colors in shorthorns — that no animal of that colour will command a fancy price, however long and unalloyed its pedigree. — Queens- lander. Litigation over a Snake. — The Brisbane supreme court was the other day engaged in an amusing discussion on the status of a snake, which occupied the attention of the court during nearly the whole of the fore noon. The particular animal so honoured was a Tasmanian diamond snake, which, when it was being taken on to the Dalby racecourse for the purpose of being ex hibited, was ignominiously thrown over a fence by the gentleman who had purchased the ' privileges ' of the course, and so in jured that it was expected to ' pine away and die ' — made so bad, in fact, that, as stated in court, he ' refused to take his liquor.' The person who was alleged to have inflicted this injury was fined under an enactment which specially protects animals which are ' the subject- of larceny at common law,' or which ' are ordinarily kept in a place of confinement,' and the interesting question for the court to decide3' was whether his snakeship camg-^ilhin either of these classes. NQ^\ss'^Kan three barristers held briefs from-^h-jiiaru*T solici-, tors to argue this momentous queStton^ but it would not be correct to state that the . subject was ' solemnly argued,' as more fun was got out of it than has been elicited from any subject that had previously en gaged the attention of the supreme court for a very long time. The snake's advocate, in the shape of Mr. Garrick, had to admit at the outset that he himself was -rather doubtful about that animal's status, and after citing one or two authorities aban doned all hope of making him ' a subject of larceny,' the result being that henceforth a snake, whether diamond or otherwise, must be regarded as such an outcast that he can not in law be stolen. An authority was quoted to show that, in this respect, the snake is in thesame category as bears, foxes, monkeys, apes, polecats, cats, ferrets, thrushes, singing birds in general, parrots, and squirrels, and ' others probably kept for whim, profit, or pleasure ' — animals which, ' although reclaimed, do not serve for the food of man.' Mr. Garripk said snakes might be kept for purposes of science, or for whim or profit, and instanced Dar win's work on ' Earthworms ' to show that loathsome creatures might be made the subject of interesting investigation. Mr. Justice Harding said animals might be , loathsome in more ways than one ; and in j this connection the chief justice ' cited ' j the American skunk, which was said to make himself ' felt ' at a distance of five miles. Mr. Garrick, beiug unable to establish the snake in the position of being a subject of larceny, fought very hard to give him the status of ' an animal ordi narily kept in a place of confinement,' but failed even in this, the court really holding that he was nothing but an outcast, with no legal rights whatever. During the argu ment the question arose as to what would be the respective rights of those concerned if one of the learned counsel met a snake or a lion on the North Quay. The . counsel said he should insist on his ' right of the highway, but the chief justice hinted that, in the case of the lion at any rate, he would content himself with doing so only in point of law and not physically— in other- words, that he would follow, for the time being, the example of the Yankee who, when he knew a bear was in a certain hole, came to the conclnsion that ' that hole belongs to that ba'ar.' — Brisbane Courier. Billings on 'Cockroaches. — The cock roach iz a bug at large. He iz one ov the luxuries ov civilizashun. The cockroach iz born on the fust of May and fust of No vember, semi-annually, and iz reddy for use in fifteen days from date. They are born four from each egg, and consequently they are all twins ; there iz no sich thing in the annals of nature az a single cockroach. There food seems to consist, not so much ov what they eat, as what they kan git into, . and I often finding them ded in the soup in my boarding house, I have cum tew the painful conclusliun that the cockroach kan't swim, but that he kan float for a long time. 'I can't get up early, ' said a pojor victim to his doctor. 'O, yes, you can,' was the reply, 'if you will only follow my advice. What is your hour of rising ?' 'Nine, o'clock. ' ' Well, get up half an hour later every day, and in the course of a month, you will find yourself up at four in tJie morning.' / ' / / / / , . / ?? ? /_. ' . . Flying-Machines. — Germany and Russia are both, the Pall Mall Gazette states, pushing forward experiments in flying- ? machines for use in war or otherwise. It appears that the . direction in which these are working is the only one likely to be successful. It ignores the ridiculous in flated gas-bag; which is enormous in size, difficult and costly to fill in war, and floats — a gigantic derelict— at the mercy of every current of air, a huge mark for the first gunner who can hit and bring it to the ground. Baumgarten in Germany ? and Baronovski in Russia adopt the principle of the inclined plane pressed against the air, and thus capable of making some attempt at last to regulate its own course. In the kite the force that presses the incline plane is the hand of the boy acting through the string. In the sail of the boat the resistance of the water to, sidelong motion keeps the sail pressed against the wind. In flying machines the pressure is given by an engine carried by the machine and acting by means of fans of one sort or . the other. Thd difficulty at present is the weight of engine and fuel ; but with the development of electrical practical knowledge we may fairly expect to see accumulators which will supply the maximum of power with the minimum of weight. Then the problem of flying in still air will be solved. Romance of a Sultan's Sister. — The death of the Sultan's young sister recently at Constantinople has caused a great sen- ? sation, especially as it is believed that the young sultana died of a malady which prob ably oftener kills them than course- minded people suppose. The Princess Naibe is said to have fallen in love at first sight with Sadyk Bey, a young Turk she met at Sweet Waters, the usual promenade of Ottoman ladies. On his side, Sadyk fell also des desperately in love with the Princess. Seven months ago the Sultan gave his sister in marriage to Mehemed Bey, and the girl had not the courage to tell her brother how. deeply her affections, were engaged. Had she done so it might not have been a fatal passion, for the Sultan loved his sister ten derly, and Sadyk was a gentleman. When the despairing lover heard of the marriage he resolved to end his days. But before killing himself he wrote a letter to the Princess, who fell ill, and in a few weeks died. **4- ? Elevated Railways. — The outcry against the elevated railways in New York has gradu ally subsided in the face of the public support given to them. During the last half-year — * that is, the last three months of 1881 and the first three of 1882 — the Manhattan rail way carried nearly forty- three, million pay ing passengers, besides many thousand with free passes ; and the new Yorkers are agitat ing for a reduction in the fare, on the plea that a lower tariff would increase the num ber of travellers. The railway company, however, find much the same difficulty as is experienced here ; for the trains are crowded in the morning and the evening with travel lers going to and returning from work, while in the middle of the day they run compara- . tively empty. The uniform fare is now ten . ^cents, and at certain hours during the day the capacities of the line are fully taxed ; and if they are to reduce the fare to 5 cents, the company pertinently urges that it should apply only to those hours when seats can be found. The elevated railways have been so g^eat a success, that it is probable a system of underground hues will be made, for there seems no limit to the ' riding ' propensity of the average New Yorker. — European Mail. - Steam or Horses for Tramways. — The Paris Tramway Company wished to give steam a thorough trial, and as they have had five years' experience of it, and have tried every system' they could find— the number was no less than 21 — they have every reason to consider that their acquaint ance with the merits and defects of steam power is pretty exhaustive. ' The end has been that they have totally abandoned steanl and reverted to the old system of employing horses. The result of the pro longed trials has been to show that steam is dearer than horse-power. The engine requires a driver and stoker, whose pay is greater than two of the old drivers or coach men. Then the fuel and maintenance of the engines in order were costly, while the original outlay in capital is about the same as that required to keep up the requisite stud of horses. Moreover, hardly a week, often not a day in the week, passed without some accident on the steam line, which proved very costly to the company, and led to com plaints being addressed from various quarters to the authorities. , Hence the authorities at last issued a prohibition against the further employment of steam, and in this the company acquiesced with - perfect readiness. — European Mail. A western 'paper announces that upon the occasion of a boiler explosion in the neigh bourhood ' between three and four men were killed.' A singular revolver story comes from Youngstown, Ohio. A timorous young man, Henry Waters by name,, used to sleep with a loaded revolver for his protection at the head of his bed. Some of his friends secretly drew out the bullets, leaving the powder undisturbed. When the young man went to bed, one of the jokers threw a sheet over his head and entered the room. Waters fired every barrel at the ghost, who apparently flung back the bullets at him. The victim of the joke is now a m^hiac, and his case is pronounced hopeless. The longest span of wire in the world is used for a telegraph in. India, over the river Kistnah, between Bezorah and Sectanagrum. . It is more than 6000 feet long, and is stretched between two hills, each of which is 1200 feet high. * Life in Texas must be very exciting. It is told of a couple in that state who not long ago stood up to be married that when the clergyman saw the handle of a pistol protruding from the bridegroom's pocket, and suggested that it be for the moment laid aside, the bride demurely drew a bowie-knife . from the folds of her robe and tossed it beside the other y/eapon. Irate sportsman : ' Confound it, you've shot the clog! I thought you told me you could hold a gun.' Pat : ' Sure, and so I can, your honor. It's the shot, sorr, I couldn't howld.' ' Viy dear Polly, I am surprised at your ta?/Ge in wearing another woman's hair on your head,' said Mr. Smith; to his wife. .' My dearest Joe, I am equally astonished that you persist in wearing another sheep's wool on your back.' 