Maitland School of Arts. ADJOURNED HALF-YEARLY MEETING. The adjourned half-yearly meeting of the members of the West Maitland School of Arts, was held in the hall of the institution on Thursday evening. The President (Mr. C. F. Solling) occupied the chair. There was only, a small attendance of members, some fifteen at the commencement, which increased to about twenty-five towards the latter part of the meeting. The PRESIDENT, in opening the meeting, said as they were aware that was an adjourn- ment of the half-yearly meeting of the institution for the purpose of considering a resolution moved by himself at the half yearly meeting a fortnight ago, when there was a warm debate on what he designated a question of great consequence. It seemed the members cared very little whether it passed or not. It was sometimes hard to explain these indifference. But the fact stared them in the face in that small meeting. It might be that there were other meetings, and that had caused this dwindling However, those who were there that night to consider the arguments presented to them, and to express their opinion by voting had thought it important to come. He would read the advertisement, which he explained was a great expense to the institution, and should not be lightly treated by members, when the committee endeavoured to make the matter as public as possible The President then read the advertisement, which contained the motion and amendment as follows: Motion moved by Mr. C. F. Solling :-" That youths, between the ages of thirteen and eighteen years, being children of members of the Institution, may be admitted members of the same for half the usual fee now payable by members." Amend- ment moved by Mr. J. Pritchard: " That all youths between the ages of thirteen and eighteen years be admitted to the privileges of the Institution other than that of voting, at half the usual price." In answer to a question it was stated that it was not usual to read the minutes of the previous portion of a meeting at an adjourn- ment of that meeting, and that in this case it could not be done as the Secretary had mislaid the key. Mr. J. J. CALLAGHAN said that Mr. Pritchard had asked him to excuse his absence, as he was compelled to attend another meeting at the Council Chamber. Mr. Carroll and Mr. McGovern had also to attend that meeting or another, but they hoped to be present before the meeting closed. Mr. Pritchard had further asked him to take up his amendment. He had supported Mr. Solling s motion, but he did not know that there was any reason to prevent him going a step further and taking up the amendment. It included Mr. Solling s motion, and would include a number of others. Members could provide books for their children now, and even if they brought them to the reading room occasionally he did not think they would be objected to. The amendment applied to a number of young people, apprentices and others, against whom the 2s 6d entrance fee and 3s per quarter stood in the way of joining. He did not think they would give annoyance; some might if they were allowed to do so, but they could be made to behave and any who would not could be ejected from the institution. One or two cautions would be quite sufficient. Independently of that they wanted all the members they could get. They were never able to claim more than £100 and odd of the £150 voted by Parliament, Although the number of grown up people could not be got to attend, it could not be doubted but that a number of young lads would become members. They were about to start a debating class ; would it not be better to admit members at half fee than altogether free, as they did last year, both to the debates and as speakers. Mr. Yarrington's class had also been thrown open irrespective of membership. If by-and-by they were to receive some assistance in the way of technical education, they would either have to make a charge or to admit entirely free, therefore if this charge of 3s. per quarter de- terred any Lad from joining, then it would be well to remove it. There could be no doubt about Mr. Solling s motion, whatever might be urged against the amendment, nothing could be urged against the motion. They gave the members few privileges. He had pointed out that no objection would be taken to them bringing their children to the reading room occasionally, and the library was open to them by the parent taking the books. Would it not be better to make the children members, and habituate them to the institution. It was pointed out that in the case of apprentices the subscrip- tion was large to them. By becoming members they would acquire a taste for reading, and when they came of a proper age to become adult members they would not lose them. The institution received a certain amount from the Government, and they should give every advantage they possibly could. Mr. B. Boss supported the motion, which he did not think was too conservative. This admission of young members might lead to abuse. The head of a family might be a member, and a son might join at 6s, and the father might withdraw, and still have the same privileges. If the motion was carried that could not happen. The parent must be a member, and they would get an extra six shillings from the son. He thought if such members were admitted to the library and reading-room that would be sufficient. The chess and draughts room was not large enough at present, and would not be till they had increased accommodation. Mr. C. NOBBIE moved, as a further amendment, " That youths between the ages of 13 and 18 years, being the children of members of the institution, be admitted to all the privileges of the same other than that of voting, at half the usual fee now payable by mem- bers." When they were about to have a meeting to consider the mortgaging of the institution for the purpose of raising funds, he thought it would be well to withhold the privilege of voting. He thought the other privileges were all that could be reasonably expected. He agreed with Mr. Callaghan that they should do what they could to increase the number of members, and if there was an obstacle in the way of apprentices they ought to endeavour to remove it. The terms to grown up members were liberal, but they were not sufficiently so to apprentices, and they should reduce them to half-price. Mr. W. T. POULTON said that Mr. Harrison had asked him to apologise for his absence, which was owing to indisposition. He had much pleasure in seconding Mr. Nome's amendment. It was apparent to everyone that something ought to be done to increase the membership. One means of doing that would be to get youths and young men to join. The amount of the subscription was a barrier to their joining. That had been given to him as the reason why some youths would not join whom he endeavoured to induce to do so. While they should admit them to all the other privileges, youths from 13 to 18 years of age were unable to judge on many important matters brought before them from time to time. He thought they would be a benefit to the Association, and that they would do it no disgrace in time to come. The Rev. J. SHAW after referring to the small attendance, said he cordially agreed with Mr. Solling s motion with the addition of Mr. Norie's amendment. He had watched the efforts made in endeavouring to improve the young men of Maitland with interest and approbation. If this proposal was carried, it would be one more example of the success of perseverance. He thought it was an important thing, and the arguments he heard the other night he did not consider had any weight against the advantages to be derived. He referred to the efforts now being made by the Societies in connection with St. Mary's, St. John's, and St. Peter's churches, to get young men within their four walls, and asked why was it that the School of Arts shut them out. He thought they should give a guiding hand to the movement. He contended that the disturbance would not be nearly so much as expected. If it was confined to the children of members he did not think much influx would take place. Of the 245 members he did not suppose that 100 were married. Of those how many had families, and of the latter how many had children between the ages of 13 and 18 years. The idea of flooding the institution with boisterous youths he considered a bogie. With regard to members withdrawing when their children became members at the reduced fee if the privilege was thrown open to all, there were such persons in existence in the world. It had been observed that the institution was supported by public money, and that the public should receive something from it. With regard to the behaviour of young members, he thought they could make them behave. The School of Arts had been to a certain extent in the past a school for elderly gentlemen. It was time they made it a school for the young, and began to put it in its proper position. He urged that the members of the institution, and especially the President and committee, were responsible to a certain extent for the well being of the young. He pointed out that the wages of apprentices were low, and the price of living high, and they had to look to every penny before they spent it. They should consider whether they should admit them at a low fee whether they should open their doors to them, or drive them back on the pleasures of the street. Mr. J. SHERIDAN said on the last night he spoke against the motion altogether ; but as the great majority of those present seemed to be in favour of it, although he could urge certain reasons against the motion, he was willing to give it a trial. If they wanted to do equal justice he really could not see why they should debar than who had no parents, or whose parent; ' , ^ yal neglectful as not to be members of the institutióOnfeHe po¿ptjed out the arguments of Mr. Ross in the case he' mentioned cut both ways and regretted the small attendance, especially the absence of some of the recently appointed committee, who he thought should be present at every meeting of members to give their opinion on the subject to be debated. He would support the first amendment, although it really seemed like going a step too far in going out into the street for members when those who should have the interest of the institution at heart did not attend. Mr. J. (¡r. CHAPMAN pointed out that nothing had been said in favour of the motion v or last amendment that could not be said in favour of Mr. Prit- chards amendment. If anything was applicable to the children of members it should be to a number of young fellows in town, apprentices, whose parents resided long distances away, and who had not facilities in the boarding-house to educate themselves, and who were to be seen in the streets. He had one indoor apprentice, whose subscription he paid himself, but he would not be able to do so if he had more than one. It was due to the public that they should make membership as easy as possible. Many young fellows might be receiving no wages, and their parents just able to clothe them. Every advantage should be thrown open to them. He referred to an entertainment got up by a number of young men who were not members of that institution, and he thought how strange it was that they were not doing it for the School of Arts. He enquired, and was told that the School of Arts was ruled and governed by a lot of old men, and that they were not wanted there. He urged that the young should have a chance, and learned to come on and take their places when they were gone. Mr. NORRIE, by way of explanation, said his reason in restricting the privileges to the children of members was that he thought it would be best, as they were just trying the thing as an experiment. Mr. J. PRITCHARD, who had come in some time before pointed out that the mover of the further amendment approved of the principle, but was too timid to extend it to all. For a long time he had been conscious that the institution had failed in its objects. It had of late been a circulating library where they might get books on easy terms, and as the rendezvous of himself and a lot of old men, who met and passed a pleasant evening in the library, where they ought not to be. He did not wonder that the young lively colonials failed to see anything to draw them into the institution. He hoped to see a great reformation in it. To see a great and glorious institution, and a mental and moral reforma- tion of the young colonials. They should raise the institution out of its apathy and do-nothingness, and make it a model institution of New South Wales. Instead of branding their youth as larrikins they should do something to keep them off the streets. Their external surroundings had a great deal to do with their conduct. If they took one of these wild larrikins and surrounded him with orderly disposed persons he would not be a larrikin, the surroundings would permeate his mental system and he would go out a step pulEiv-emarkai. v nature of it was drawings, which from the spirit HDd singularly were HUBLUOU better boy. Away ""'palais" fears that they won muy,addiDlf with larrikinism or boat party issued reflection on their main? withstand they would allow it ends- The head it should be cruBteNM4ur7£ pointed out that most of, L's wall, Am creatures of circumstances., The victim of parental control and he Days should do all they could»efendant pi> cH thing better. He pointed court 4s 1(/JÍI»° TO that would follow a .'Becker.-Same'-S&lig;' duced to spend his yea and costs of c( reading room, that thciCiL was owing to the absence -?>.-Ohscene good effects that would ' '"ned crease of young member ARE. SYDNEY go further and make theY" ,"",. free which he thought c B,f77 Ua??h%j«£ yearly systematic canvas.miietitors, and was thought Mr. Ross was rilKDAL (or the Press after a ghost, and such a table superiority of any progress. r°P°lit8n says Mr. Ross, in reply to Mr. he did not say there were any of a follows of the institution that would deny AND many were members just for the st over. library, and there were people who Private could get a thing for us would not street, for it. This proposition had been disc, for years, and a large number of the men were against it, and he therefore thought would be well to limit it to members sons' at first to notice its effect. As the Mayor (Mr. Pritchard was there, he would suggest if they admitted all boys at 6s, the Council should give the other 6s to make it up. The Council were the guardians of the youth of the town, and ought to use their funds for that purpose. (Laughter.) Mr. J. W. PENDER enquired if they were afraid of having too many members that, objection was raised to bringing in as many as possible. The Society had been in existence 22 or 23 years, and he could almost see the same old committee, and the same old members smoking. (Applause). No one could go to the library without being offended with the fumes of tobacco smoke. [Mr. Mair : It is not true, What had they done for the last 25 years. They had done nothing to educate the young people, but kept them entirely away. He would go further, and open the institution free to the young men of the town. There were many who had 3, 4, or 5 years to serve, and their parents had great difficulty to clothe them. They got so much money from the Government, but was there any increase of members. [The SECRETARY : No.] Let them endeavour to get an increase. If they had to make it free, he would say by all means do so, and encourage them to come. He had gone into the institution, and found it offensive from tobacco smoke. If members desired to smoke let them get a smoking room. He supported Mr. Pritchard's amendment, but he would go further, and if it was proposed to make it free to young men up to 21 years old he would support it. Mr. MAIR wished to know where Mr. Pender got his information about the smoking in the library. He did not see it himself, and he wished to tell him that wherever he got the information it was not true. Mr. CALLAGHAN in justice to Mr. Mair, also stated that there was no smoking in the library. Mr. PENDFjit^aid he was glad there was a little import 3 6" Hay anew what there usedtobe,.ifJVeai^- Al t r- Vfo sir '-she Com occur, and it they did not Btrï-yv,.-límembera should, not elect them again. He had been against the admission of young men, at half- price but was willing to give it a trial. Mr. M'GOVERN, in speaking to the amendment, said it was his privilege to attend the half-yearly meetings of similar institutions throughout the district. There was always mention made that sufficient interest was not taken in them by young men. But he could not help thinking that it was owing to insufficient inducement being held out to them. Supposing that Mr. Chapman meant St. Mary's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society, he wished to point out that the rules and mode of procedure of that Society were totally different to those of the School of Arts. The majority of the members were very young indeed, and were not equal to the debates introduced in connection with this institution, and were desirous of avoiding the severe criticisms they would be subjected to there. The majority of the elder members of that society belonged to this one, and they received great benefit from St. Mary's Society in preparing them to take part in this institution. Mr. BOILING in reply, in reference to the remarks of Mr. Pritchard as to Mr. Noble's amendment, pointed out that twelve months ago he had brought forward a similar motion and he was beaten on that occasion by 1 to 1. Was it not therefore a good policy to modify it by lessening the privileges and making it more acceptable. That was simply the reason that induced him to give notice of the present motion. Educational institutions in all parts of the world sought the time of youth to bend the mind. That was the reason he asked them to throw out this inducement for young people to join. Give them the liberty and inducement to join, and they would give a bent to their youthful mind that would stick to them through life. If but six joined and one received real benefit the inhabitants of West Maitland would be benefited. They would then be doing something towards the object that called such institutions into existence, even if, now and again, one gave a little trouble. He was not opposed to the spirit of the amendments, but he would stick to the resolution. If it was carried they need not be afraid of admitting the youths to the library, the reading-room, or even voting. They would be under the guidance of their parents, and would not come there to injure their parents or the School of Arts. If they trusted them from the beginning it would be better. There was a saying to trust a man was to make a man ; but to suspect a man might make him a thief or something worse. He was not particularly wedded to the motion, and would be perhaps more pleased if Mr. Pritchard's amendment was carried. He pointed out that all these members would have to be admitted by the committee, who would be responsible for who was admitted, and it was the privilege of the members at the half-yearly meeting to tell the committee if they had not done their duty, and not to elect them again. The amendments and motion were put to the meeting, when Mr. Pritchard's amends till it.. Shorts. . with 8st. to do duty for appearance wit And an opponent Verdict and Das short handicaps 1 close together, BE of the pair mr Nine propose to Str"Tv"1(. 'furlon Van hip ". pride we can edlOs BoT -"story CHAPTER II. later 2 years A ROBERT OtV'P'i wered and cornices * . ht a small sfiB,84lB* - as. the disk. p>,o'0p:oto broke fillies wjtarlnglotf. it a day or two meet OFFICfold be seen corn as I j*~ un# ^' Beomiwaa Toinette". sort find it were now selling? the very t of 25 Cases Goarar/>w brid, * ported. . split. J. Miss for Joffre St side of the V and Ease cap are 31ub Han is to say. 'uesday's he Cope tough the w tossed who can We com 'ft 'Ar m 