THE COBDEN CLUB. Free trade has its head-quarters in London, and the, annual dinner of the Cobden Club is its focal point. This year the usual celebration was made specially interesting. The followers of the great Freetrader, whose name and work they delight to honour, believe in principles which they hold to be of world-wide application. There is some analogy between their enterprise and that of a Missionary Society. They regard England as having practically accepted the faith, and they make it their business to convert the world. Hence as much of a cosmopolitan character as possible was imported into the annual gathering. Representatives from France and other Continental nations, Jamaica and other British colonies, from America, and more distant Oriental hinds were introduced to testify in favour of free trade. Mr. Murray Smith, the new Victorian Agent-General, and Mr. Jaffray, a leading Melbourne merchant, were among the colonial representatives who gave clear testimony to the same effect. The speaking was decidedly polyglot in its character, and the speakers represented a very wide geo graphical area. M. de Lesseps spoke in French, and Mr. Leu Shi Ting, a Chinese, merchant, in the tongue wherein he was born, presumably more to the in terest than to the edification of the com pany. These, however, were mere accessories. The real importance of the gathering centred in the light it shed on the stability, success, and prospects of free-trade principles. M. Auguste Couvrier, the Vice-President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives, furnished a valuable contribution to its interest ; but the speeches of greatest importance were those delivered by Lord Derby, Lord Kimberley, and Sir Charles Dilke. Bo far as the progress and prospects of the ideas that may be called Cobdenism are concerned, there was nothing very encouraging to report In spite of all the arguments in their favour it had to be confessed that free-trade doctrines do not make much headway in the commercial world. Fiscal heresies, like heresies of another sort, do not always yield to the force of logic. As Lord Derby remarked, the victory never has been and never will be one of abstract reasoning. On the Conti nent of Europe possible military exi gencies call in the aid of protection in order to make the nations self-contained and self-supporting. In the United States and some of the colonies, where democracy prevails, it is maintained for the double purpose of keeping up the labour market and providing for the drain of large expenditure. ' AJTthat the most sanguine can anticipate is that experience rill ultimately, correct the dominant fallacies, but tlie prospect is confessedly iTemote. Z Mr. .Cyrus Field being chatiengad- by Sir C. Dilke to say what 'hope was to be found in the' present sonditioir of the United 3 States, signifi amtly,1 though humorously, doolined1 to1 mswer the question without previous notice. .Lord Derby, with characteristic candour, admitted that the present atti tude of that great country on the question renders very hopeful lan guage out of the question. Farl Kimberley, speaking for the colonies, ncknowledged that vrhat would bo claimed is a victory for protection had been jained in Canada. While condemning it, be owned that in the West Indian colo nies, as well as in some parts of Austral isia, of which Victoria is the ' shocking jxample,' the same principle was strongly jntrenched. Thus, regarding the world is its field of operations, free-trado advo -ates cannot point to brilliant conquest s 3r a conspicuous advance, either in the British Empire itself or the regions teyond. Notwithstanding the limited growth of Free-trade principles their advocates do not- evince any sign of discouragement, rhey speak as men who aro assured that iheir cause is good, and must ultimately xiumph. This is due in part to the ;enacity with which free-trado doctrines ire held where they have been fairly «sted, and in part to a definite conviction ;hat those doctrines are thoroughly sound. M. Couvreur acknowledged the indebted ness of Belgium to Cobden's teaching and English example in the most omphatic «rms, and affirmed most strongly that ixe taxiS questions were settled for ever. He said the Belgians were an industrial £-eople to a greater extent than those of France, Germany, or the United States'. '?Nevertheless,' he added, 'the doc trines of protection, reciprocity, and fair trade are so well crushed with us and rooted jutthat duringthe long economical crisis of the last ten years, and although heavy losses were sustained by all our classes, not a single protest against Cobdon's prin ciples was ever raised in our Parliament.' IhiB testimony not only illustrates the stability of free- trade theories, but effec tually negatives the argument so fre quently employed for protection that it is necessary to foster manufacturing in terests. Lord Derby spoke with equal definiteness as to the settlement of the question bo far as England is concerned. His Lordaliip, whobo reputation for safe and sound common sense is well known declares that protection is dead and buried. Even the con troversy in which Cobden figured so conspicuously he thinks has only a historical interest for Englishmen. The dead will not riso again, and as to the ghost of fair trade which walks the earth, only those need trouble or amuse themselves by laying it who have nothing else to do. Hence, Freetraders feel inaTftieir pbsitien is impregnable, and assert themselves accordingly. In addition to this consciousness, a deep conviction possesses the champions of free trade that the adoption of their prin ciples would be for the happiness of mankind, much and grievous* miaery being the result of their rejection. Sir Charles Dilke charged protection with beirg the parent to a large extent of Russian Nihilism, German social de mocracy, and French anarchism. His argument was that it had robbed the poor, provoking them in retaliation to rob the rich. Foreign workmen being taxedin every article of clothing, tools, food, and furniture by recent legislation were tempted thereby to indulge in wild dreams. He said the new French tariff pressed with peculiar hardship on the poor of France. Duties were placed on various kinds of food, flax for workmen's blouses, woollen winter goods, and cheap hosiery. Boots and shoes were taxed irrespective of their relative value, so that while the most expensive kinds purchased by the, rich paid only i. per cent., the commoner sorts used by the poor had to pay 110 per cent. The crippling effect of protection on important indus tries was also referred to by Earl Kimber« ley, who ironically congratulated Canada on having, though the greatest of agricul tural colonies, compelled its agriculturists to buy dear and bad. Victoria came in for some sweeping censures and scathing ridicule, and its mistaken policy was forcibly contrasted with that of New South Wales. On the whole, the outlook was held to be not entirely unpromising. Lord Derby alluded to the growing importance of the Western States in the American Union, and the consequent probability of important changes there. He regarded the increasing approximation to free trade in India as a hopeful sign, and likely to lead to large results. With others, he denounced the idea of a British Zollverein as absurd, once more exposed the fallacy of the colonial argu ments for protection, and especially con demned, the maintenance of protective laws in one Australian State as against another. He reminded his hearers of what reformers are apt to forget that the world moves slowly, and sudden changes are not the most likely to be permanent. He denied that the policy of Cobden had been a failure. Among its leading principles were the truths that peace and not war was the normal condition of States, that they gained instead of losing by each other's pros perity, and that ideas rather than arms, in the long run, decided the deitinies of mankind. These must in the end be vic torious, and their stability would be the greater because their maturity was slow. Baxqcet to the Members fob Ljgiit. ? Messrs. Coles, Dixaon, and Moyle will be feted by their constituents at Point Pass to-day, in recognition of the assistance they rendered in getting some pressing wants of the district promptly attended to by the Government. The Minister of Education (Hon. J. L. Parsons) will leave town thia morning by the first train to repiesent the Ministry at the banquet Coast Steamship Compant.— The thir teenth half-yearly meeting of this Company was held at Port Adelaide on August 2-5. Mr. C. J. Penny presided, and there was a goad attendance. The Directors' report congratu lated the Company en the maintenance of a sttady trade with Stansbury with their steamer Ores, and elated that they had every reason to anticipate still further pro gress. The vessel had lately undergone her usual annual overhaul, and ahe was in good working condition. The receipts for the - half- year amounted to £1,436 3s. 2d., of which £SM l(Je. was 'from passengers and the re- - mainder from freights. The expenditure 'w:i8 £1,105 5s., leaving a profit of £330 18a. 2d. Out of this a dividead at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared, the balance, £105 18a. 2d., being added to the Reserve Fund, making it up to £866. The report was adopted, and the retiring Directors, Messrs. C L. Luhrs and J. McPhcraon, were re elected, South-Eastekjt Railways aitd Drainage. , The following petitions to both Houses of; Parliament are now being extensively signed! at Kingston : — ' The memorial of the under signed, Chairman and members of the Dis trict Council of Lacepede, and inhabitants of Kingston and surrounding country, numbly sheweth— That we are desirous of a line of railway from Salt Creek to Kingston in con nection with the navigation of theCoorong, to form part of an intercolonial railway between Adelaide and Melbourne, and also' of a line from Mount Gambler to Peaola, joining the Kingston and Narracoorte line at or near Lucindale or Avenue stations. That your memorialists feel that the line proposed via theCoorong will answer all the purposes of an intercolonial line for many years to come, and, as the cost would be small compared with the proposed line via the Desert, ifc is by far the moat suitable for the finances of the colony. That the construction of a line from Mount Gambier to join the Kingston and Narraeoorte line would open up a large tract of unalienate 1 country, and would be of great benefit to the revenue of the last:named line, besides connecting the important towns orMount Gambier and Penola with Adelaide and Melbourne. That it would enable the district around Mount Gambier, which is one of the richest feeding districts in the colony, to send its produce expeditiously to the Adelaide market, and would, materially inerease the prosperity of ihe whole South-East. ^Your memorialists therefore humbly pray that your honourable House would be pleased to au honze without delay the construction of a line ol railway from Salt Creek to Kingston, to form, in connection wiih the navigation of the Coorong, part of the : intercolonial line between Adelaide and Melbourne ; and also of n line from Mount Gambier to Penola, thence to join the Kingston and Narracoorte Railway at a point near the Lucindale or Avenue Stations.' 'The memorial of the undersigned, Chairman nnil members of the District Council of Lace pede, and inhabitants of Kingston and sur rounding country, humbly showeth— ' That the country for many miles round Kingston is at the present time under water, to the great loss and in many cases rain, of farmers and others ; that this flooding is caused by the drainage of the upcountry accumulating in the low- lying districts adjacent to Kingston, and for which no adequate outlets have been provided ; that at a comparatively small cost most of this water could be carried to the sea, as shown by surveys and levels taken Eome years ago, and the swampy land which is now useless be made valuable. Your memorialists therefore pray that you will cause the necessary steps to Be taken without delay to drain the land around Kingston.' ? Popclak- Concert. — The usual popular concert at the Town Halloa Saturday evening was an unusual occasion, to speak somewhat paradoxically, inasmuch as His Worship the Mayor took the opportunity of this weekly musical institution to accord a benefit to a native-born South Australian concert and operatic singer, Miss Minna Fischer (Mrs. Herbert Flemming), who during her public career has proved a useful member to the management of any company she happened to be associated with^and a pleasing song stress to the public. As was only to be ex pected while the heavy downpour of rain continued on Saturday evening/the audience was but a thin one. Mis3 Fischer's first number was an appropriate selection, and '* Home, Sweet Home' was vociferously en cored. On her next appearance Miss Fischer introduced to the audience a sweet German ballad composed by Herr Heuzenroeder, en titled 'Bleibe bei mir' (Stay with me), which was effectively sung, and met with a good reception. The benejieiaire was equally successful in her fluent sing ing of the gipsy's tragic song, 'Stride la Vampa,' tram 'H Trovatore.' With Mrs. T. H. Jones, she sang the .well-known duet from 'Norma,' but the number was cot so successful as it might have foea, chiefly because the two ladies' voices did nit blend. Mrs. Jones sang 'Let me Dreaui again' intelligently ; but Mr. H. Oelnunn, in bis selection Irom ' Faust,' was not so happy as usual, though only as regarded clearness of voice. Herr Hans Bertram contributed tiro pianoforte numbers to the programme— a nocturne by Winckler, and concert study of his own composition, both of which, it is needlesstosay, were artistically treated. Herr Heuzenroeder played Liszt's arrangement of Schubert's ' Serenade' with good effect, and the same remark applies to Herr Schrader'a treatment of a romance of Beethoven for the violin, these geutlemen also receiving loud applause for the pianoforte due_t by Meyerbeer, ' Torchlight Dance.' Mr. Herbert Flemming won much favour from the audience for the recital of ' Eugene Aram's Dream,' and had to come forward again and bow his acknow ledgments. . Road Meettsg at Hotjghtox.— A public meeting was held at the Traveller's Eest, Houghtoa, on Friday evening, August 25. The Chairman of the Higher combe District Council iMr. . W. H. Ind) presided, and briefly explained that the meeting had been called to considsr what action should be taken to prevent that por tion of the main road between Houghton and Inglewood junction being struck off the schedule of main reads. Mr. J: Mundy sym pathized with the object of the meeting, and said that the action had evidently been taken by the Road Board on account of the awkward corner at Inglewood junction, but it would be far better to improve that particular part than tospend money in making a junction else where. A deputation waited, on the Road Board some years ago, and the Chairman had promised that something should be done in the matter. He thought some steps should be promptly taken to preserve the interests of the district. Mr. C. Newman, a resident of thirty-five years, remembered when the voad in question was the only one to Mount Pleasant, and when it carried all the traffic, and he was greatly sur prised that it was proposed to cut it off. If the Road Board carried it against them it would make the distance to town 25 chains longer. He always thought that of two rentes of about equal gradients the shorter would be preferable, and he failed to under stand why they wanted to make any change, unless it was thought that Adelaide must not be reached without giving the traveller an opiwrtunity of viewing the village of-Teatree Gully. The corner at Inglewood had been a disgrace for many years and scarcely fit for traffic, but it was not right to condemn the whole piece when a little money rightly expended would make the junction a safe ami good road. He had pointed out to the Chairman of the Board now this could be done, and had offered to cut and metal -the read for £EGO. It could not be that the Board took the action onthescoreof economy, as the projiosed alteration would cost more than putting the old road in proper repair. The Anstey's Hill-road was a better road than that ot Teatree Gully, as it had been proved that three horses cyaid draw as much up the former as four horses could up the latter. He proposed—' That this meeting is of opinion that the junction of the Main North-E-istern-road south branch being at Houghton instead of at Inglewood will be very detrimental to the interests of that portion of the public who constantly use the said road, and that a memorial be signed by persons concerned, and presented to the Commissioner of Public Works by the mem bers for the district and a deputation, objecting to the deviation being made ; and, further, objecting to that portion of the same road leading from Houghton to Inglewood being struck off the schedule of main roads, as recommended by the Local Road Board, Central District' This was carried unani mously, and a deputation appointed, consist ing of the members for the district, Chairmen and Councillors of District Councils, Hons. R. D. Ross, M.P., and A. B. Murray, M.L.C., with power to add to their number. The Hon. R. D. Ross, who was present, agreed with the steps taken by the meeting, and promised to assist It was resolved that the Higher combe District Council be asked to canvass the district interested for signatures to the memorial. The Salvation Army.— Captain Suther land, leader of the Salvation Army in Ade laide, being about to resign his charge for another place, delivered a farewell address at the Barracks on Sunday evening. The hall was crowded, and many could not gain ad mission. The captain took several verses in the New Testament for his text, and prefaced his remarks by expressions of sorrow at his early dej-arture. He then dwelt on the many trials and difficulties the Army had encoun tered, and rejoiced in the fact that obstacles had been overcome, and that rnany souls had been brought to a knowledge of the truth. But though many were saved some had backslidden, and he warmly besought those to regain the fold. He then made a strong appeal for the consideration of the advantages oi a religious as against a worldly life, and concluded by enjoining the members of his a^essive evangelical body to work boldly and fear lessly in the cause of the Lord. The speech was thoroughly impassioned, fervent, and characteristically eloquent, and his hearers — composed apparently for the most p_art of non-churchgoers — paid marked attention to the discourse. Sudden Death.— On Saturday evening the City Coroner received a report from the police of the sudden death of Mrs. Louisa M. Scanlan, of Halifax-street, who died that afternoon. On Sunday morning full enquiries were made, from which it seems that Mrs. Dillon had been engaged to attend deceased in her confinement, which took place on Wednesday. Shortly after peritonitis set in, but as a matter of course a midwife is not in a position to distinguish the difference be tween that and after-pains. Dr. Gardner was not called in till Saturday morning, when he found the patient in a crtical state, and she died in a few hours., -;He declines to give a certificate, but is of opinion that peritonitis was the cause of death. The Coroner did not consider an inquest necessary. At the same time he arrived at the conclusion that midwives and nurses are, as a rule, too anxious to get through their duties without surgical aid, which means to some extent risking the lives of women for the sake of gaining popularity in their vocations. The Late Captain W. McLean.— The Argus says: — 'A marble headstone in remembrance of the late Captain William McLean, so long well known in the intercolonial trade, and especially on the Adelaide side, has been set up in the Melbourne Cemetery. The tribute has been erected by his friends in South Australia, and is characteristic of the calling of the deceased. On the top face of the stone is an elaborately carved representa tion of the Victorian, his last command. The vessel is under full steam, and her model has been exceedingly well brought out There is also a wonderful fidelity in the details of her equipment, and the masts, rigging, boats at the davits, &c;, are all accurately and clearly defined. At the base of the stone are two anchors, one at each corner, with chains and shackles complete, and the carving of these is also perfect and true. The outside border of the stone is a cable rope cleverly cut in marble, so that the entire design is in keep ing with the profession for which Captain McLean had all a sailor's liking. The devices on the stone were suggested by Captain John McLean, brother of the deceased. The stone bears the following inscription: — 'Erected to the memory of William McLean, late, com mander of the s.s. Victorian, as a token of respect, by Lis friends in South Australia. Died 19th October, 1881. Aged 59.' New Discoveries rs Queensland.— Mr. C. Palmerston, the eminent explorer (accord ing to the Sydney Morning Herald), is still engaged in behalf of the Queensland Govern ment in exploring the Northern coast range, with a view to the survey for a railway route to the coast. It appears from letters which he sends that the mountains in this range surpass any on the continent that have been hitherto described ; and that rivers, water falls, rapids, torrents, gigantic trees and ferns, and a mammoth kauri-pine are here observed with great frequency, and of a character and size far^exceeding anything found elsewhere in Australia. In some places the creeks run with great force in rocky channels, rendered as smooth as glass. Mr. Palmerston, with his extremely useful and faithful native tracker ' Pompo,' has now been five months in these ranges, and his return is looked forward to with much interest in scientific circles and by the Queensland authorities. Austrian Opinion of the British Navy. —The Neut Frtk Presse of Vienna saya the results of the bombardment of Alexandria must be regarded as brilliant in every respect The Britistt Navy has shown what it can achieve; and has proved that the traditions of Nelson survive on board the ironclads as well as on every light gunboat. The approach of the Temeraire within 800 yards of the Phaios, the temerity witbr which weak gun boats took up the combat with Fort Mara biut, the fine deed of twelve volunteers who advanced to Fort Meks with a rough sea on— all that is a revival of British heroism. 'It reminds us (adds the paper) of Nelson's deeds in 1801. No doubt Eneland's prestige is re- established by one day's valour. The old tradition that ships are of no avail against coast forts must now cease to be repeated. In the East and among Mohammedan peoples, where England, with her extensive Indian colonies, must enforce respect, the thunder of the cannonade in Alexandria will be echoed far and wide, and will testify to the undisputed supremacy of English sailors.' Miss Emelie Melville. — Mr. Budd, solicitor, has received instructions from Miss Emelie Melville to bring an action against Messrs. Musgrove, Williamson, and Garner for breach of agreement, and the writ will probably be served to- day. The Age says tie case for the plaintiff is that she was engaged in New Zealand by Mr. Williamson to play in Melbourne and Sydney. During her first four weeks in Melbourne she was to receive £150 per week, and thence to Christmas £100 per week. This engagement is alleged to have been broken, and hence the present action. Messrs. Purves and Mitchell have been retained for Miss Melville. Affaies at Samoa.— Regarding Samoa a correspondent of the Fiji Times writes: — 'The political affairs of Samoa are still in a very mixed-up condition. Consuls and cap tains of war vessels have tried their hands at improving the so-called Government, with more or less success. The result is that we at present thave two Kings, Mslietsafata*' pepa, styled King of Samoa, and Tuguna Tamasese, styled Suitupu or Vice-King. This' arrangement has brought peace to the islands, but, as it seems, no settled state of affairs. Some districts are still greatly dissatisfied, and had it hot been for the threats of the German Consul-Gcneral, who nearly always has a war-vessel at his command, and for fear of the other Powers whose menof war visit our shores occasionally, the strife would have lonsr ago have started afresh. The natives seem to have come to the absurd con clusion that affairs concerning their islands and their race are matters of great moment to the foreign Powers' generally, and the conse quence'is that, as' nothirg definite is done by the Powers here, represented in regard* to Samoaus, they consider themselves equal to both England and Germany. Annexation is a thing that eventually will follow the present state of things, but what country will be the first to take the islands: under its protecting wing is a thing hard_ to predict. The German, influence, at one time so powerful, has in later years sensibly declined. In fact, since the departure of the former- German Consul (Mr. Weber) it has lost prestige to a very considerable extent.' The Cape of Smallpox in Melbourne.— The Board appointed to deal with the claim for compensation made against the Govern ment in connection with the recent outbreak: of smallpox, have (according to the .Age) brought u\\- their report, which has not yet been definitely adopted. It will not recom mend payment of compensation to any other claimants than the Southon family and Mr. J. Nimbs, fruiterer, in whose house the out break occurred. The Board recommend that Sir. Nimbs should 1)5 placed in as good a position as he was before the outbreak occurred. The amount of his claim is £1,000, but this is regarded asalto- gether too large an estimate, and nothing like that sum will be recommended. The Southons claim £C50, which is also considered exces sive. An opinion is expressed that the Central Board of Health were totally unpre ] ared for the emergency in which they found themselves when the outbreak was reported, and to that extent are held in blame. Dr.' Bulnier is also censured* for his conduct in the treatment of the case, and more parti cularly with respect to misapprehending the instructions he received from the Under secretary as to another officer having been appointed to discharge his duties in regard to boarding ships. The Quarantine Station at Point Nepean, the report suggests, should be under the direct control of the Central Board of Health instead of under the Chief Sec retary's Department, as is the case at present. The Evexisij Mail. — We learn that the publication of the Evening Mail, a halfpenny evenin' paper, established by the proprietors of the Melbourne Argus a few months ago, was to appear for the last time on Saturday. Football.— There was a large crowd on the Kensington Oval on Saturday to see the match between the Norwoods and South Adelaides. The former won by 3 goals 15 behinds to 2 goals 5 behinds. Joseph Cook.— This gentleman will give a ' Question-Box' Lecture at the Krie- street Wesleyan Church this afternoon ; the purpose being to answer any written questions put to him ; and in the even ing, at the same place, he will discourse on ' Alcohol, and the human brain.' South Australia* Dairies.— There was a alight misapprehension in the report of Mr. HoUneox'g remarks at the meeting of the Royal Agricultural Societyon Friday. Mr. Molineox really wished to in dicate t bat ' there was enterprise enough in America to induce dairy farmers to use ice and every known appliance, whilst here they did nothing of the sort. They might at least go to the extent of having double-roofed dairies or putting them partly or wholly under ground, so as to secure an equal temperature. They might also refrain from making storehouses of their dairies.' House, Lam-, and Mortgage Compaxt.— The share-list of this Company was filled early on Saturday morning. Accide.\t.— we are informed that an accident occurred on the Magill-road on Sunday morning to Messrs. Reid and Becker. As they were driving a yvniig horse the ringbolt of the vehicle becoming loose the horse got restive and upset the trap, depositing the occupants in the road, much to their ilis-comfort. Both were severely injured about the head.1 Ladies' Trophy.— It will be seen by advertise ment that the special Ladies' Trophy Match in con nection with the Sooth Australian Rifle Association will take place on Saturday, September 9. The contest is open to all-comers, and each rifleman mest nominate a lady. Entries will be received by th* Secretary (Mr. James Morcom) nj) to Thursday night, September 7. A good deal of interest exists amengst riflemen for this novel event, and probably there will be a large number of competitors. Kensington* Football Club.— A special meeting will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evesinz. Plumbers, Gasfitters, and Iroxwokicexs.— A meeting will be held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hctel this evening to consider the formation of a trade society. COACHBHLDERS' CRICKETING ASSOCIATION.— A meeting will be held at the Plough and Harrow tins evening. St. Patrick's Catholic Society.— The annual meeting will take place this ereoiEg. Lectcre bt ?'The Vagabond.— Mr. Julian Thomas will lecture at the Port Town Hall on ' Poor Jack.' Irish Land League.— a mee*inz win be .held in the Town Hall this evening, when Mr. Pierce Healy will further propound the objects of the Irish £an-I 1-csgce. 