SPORTING NEWS FROM VICTORIA. [By Trumpator.] There is not very much left to be said about the second day of the Autumn Meeting. Eros won the Hurdle Bace very easily, and got back some of the money which he has cost his spirited owners, Messrs. Miller and O'Brien, in previous races. Johnny KildufF rode a very nice patient race on the fretful chesnut, and there appears every chance of Mr. Jordan's once popular light-weight taking a good position among cross-country riders. For once Guesswork ran kindly at Flemington, and the way he cantered home from Bassanio and Fryingpan shows that when he can be persuaded to jump off this compact chesnut is a really good two year mid. The stake he won is worth nearly a thousand, so Sir Thomas Elder's horses have not hadapiofitlesstripto.Victoriathis season. Bawlings seems much more at home with the colt than either O'Brien or Walker, and I ex pect Mr. Dakin will put him up again in the South Australian Stakes. The Cup was in deed a sensational race, as Duchess, after being left.twenty yards behind everything at the start, rushed round her iieldand led them at a pace that would have done credit to a two-year-old on a four-furlong expedition. She showed of what sterling stuff she is. made by sustaining the effort for two miles, and in doing so. effectually settled the favourite, who cut his own throat in trying to cut down the St. Albans filly. The pace stopped such horses as Sawarrow, Saunterer, First Water, and Royal Maid long before the turn was reached; but it served grand old Wellington and Pollio, the latter of whom won a splendid race, outstaying his game antagonist in the last 150 yards. Had Ween and Wellington not bumped into each other the result might possibly have been different, but I doubt it very much, as generally speaking Pollio has turned it up in a close fight, whereas in this case he fought out the. battle with great resolution when Wellington got to him. Sweet William ran a good honest colt, and was going as well as anything at the distance. Narrabri finished close to Ween and Duchess, the pace being a trifle too good for him throughout! Though Sweet William was a great favourite with the public, a lot of money was won on Pollio, who was spotted and backed when. the. weights came out. Pollio, who is by the English Tim Whiffler, out of Norma,. a little mare that won Leng the Australian and Adelaide Cups some years ago, is the property of Mr. Henty. Like Dar riwell, by the same sire, he has learnt to stay with age; and the veteran trainer, who has been in great form this meeting, turned him out in splendid condition. Opinions were divided between Bathurst and Darebin in the Grand Stand Stakes, and rightly so, as only six inches separated the pair at the finish of a splendid set-to. Solitude was plunged ' on . for. the Nursery _ Stakes, one popular . owner of horses in South Australia taking 400 to 100 in a bet, and she won with great ease at the finish, though Allander might have been very close if Davis had riot pulled him up when he found he could,not oaten the favourite. When Hyacinth was quietly, backed for a thousand or two on Friday night to win the Newmarket few people thought that he was to be all the rage in the paddofek on thb follow ing day, and finally to be heralded the winner of the great gambling race of Australia. Taken right through, Saturday was a most disastrous day for backers. They began by selecting Sylvanus as real jam for the Nursery, but in the race he could never get within cooey of Colston and Vancluse. When all the Newmarket horses (headed by Totalizator) had filed up the straight and cantered, I thought Larpent the pick of them, and Hyacinth was a remarkably well-trained, good-looking brown. The sensational Ghost was terribly fractious, and so was Tyropean; while the commoner of the crowd was our representative Struck Oil. who certainly looked most out of place in such a field. The race was a terribly close one, first one horse and then ^another shooting out, until when about fifty yards ' from the goal Totalizator was clearly in front. No sooner had his name been shouted as the winner, however, than he was ruthlessly cut down by Hyacintn, and then Larpent was seen on the Stand catching the leader hand over hand He in his turn faltered a few strides from home, and was snapped by the despised horse of Harry Haines's trio, Euclid, but the latter never reached Hyacinth, who won by about a neck, and brought Mr. Pearson and Morrison a substantial, reward for the patience they have exercised with him. Hes perian ran well, but The Ghost and Tyropean misbehaved themselves at thepoBt and were never in the race. The Town Plate brought oiat a good field, but was a cruel surprise, as, after declaring to win with Pell Mell, Lang won with Commotion. The Leger winner ran a great race, making all the run ning, and then when his companion could not get up going on and winning on his own account m extraordinary time. Wellington, also distinguished himself greatly, as 10 st. is a thumping burden to carry, at such a pace; and a good word is deserved by Progress, who. proved that he is better in condition than many imagined, though his beating Wellington in the Port Phillip Stakes was clearly a fluke. Solitude seemed unable to gallop in the All-aged Stakes, a circumstance that is perhaps attributable to the weather. The Steeplechase was one of thefinesteverseen at Flemington, the nine horses that contested coming over the fences in front of the Stand' without the shadow of a mistake. Twi ight upset a great pot in Great Western, whom she fairly wore down by making the pace so merry. Lucy ran a really good mare, and so did Chrysalis, but poor Roebuck was hope lessly beaten when they passed the Stand the first time. He looked bright in his coat when stripped, but was absolutely devoid of muscle, and is, 1 am afraid, one of those delicate horses that a trainer finds it impossible to do justice to. Sissy looked splendid, and fenced perfectly, hut she is slow. Twi light, who is three months gone with foal to Columbus, belongs now to Mr. De Lancy Forth. Her victory was a great surprise to the Ballarat people, because she | had been working with Great Western, and he had always beaten her in their gallops. Her running is a great feather in the cap , of old Sussex, as he gave her 2 st, and a beating in the last Grand National. The style in which Duchess ran away with the last race of the meeting affords convincing proof that in her the St. Albans people really had a mare that was good enough to win the last Melbourne Cup. Mr. Wilsou told me himself, before she won this race, that they tried her \- several times before the Cup, ami when the money was put on he felt certain that, par accidents, she would beat the fastest time ever recorded for a Melbourne Cup. Several timeists who put the watch on her for two miles in ■ the Australian Cup state that she did it under 3 min. 30 sec., and this is easy to believe now that the clock has credited her with doing the Leger distance in 3 min., 12J sec., though I can hardly believe that a slight mistake was not made in this instance. The colt Bend Or, by King ?f the Ring— Device, belonging to Mr. Pile, will be brought to Adelaide by Hill when he returns with First Water and Totalizator. I saw him at St. Albans, and he is a very well-grown chesnut, with a good deal of white about him. _ , , While in Melbourne Mr. S. Barnard and Mr. Pile have been engaged at the conference between representatives of the V.R.C., A.J.C., and S.A.J.C. I hear that sweeping reforms are contemplated, but know nothing of the direction they will take. If Kensing ton Park were put down it would be a relief to many racing meu. Mr. Dakin leaves Melbourne nextlweek, and takes all Sir Thomas Elder's horses with him. Mr. Dakin is very sore at the way his charges have been treated by Mr. Barnard lately, and there can be no doubt that the handicapper of the V.R.C. dealB in a most harsh manner with South Australian horses. It has been suggested that our owners should combine and refuse to nominate again under Mr. Barnard. As an instance of his handi capping I may cite one case which occurred at the meeting just concluded. Allander (8 st. 12 lb.) and Bassanio (8 st. 101b.) met in the Nursery on the second day. Allander (it was patent to all who watched the race closely) was second best, because Davis pulled him up in the most deliberate manner when he found he could not catch Solitude. As it was he just heat Bassanio; yet in handi capping the pair next day the brilliant lumi nary who adjusts the weights for the most important club in Australia puts 9 Bt. 6 lb. on ftngnanin and 9 st. 2 lb. on Allander. Then at Geelong Guesswork beat Sylvanus half a head at even weights, and the next time they were both entex-ed for a handicap Mr. Bariiard made Guesswork concede his oppo nent 8 lb. ... , r. ,, First Water pulled up very lame after the Australian Cup, but his leg appeared sound enough, and tne injury is not nkely to keep him on the shelf long. In fact, I believe he is now under orders for Sydney., At the sale of Mr. Loughlin's horses, Mr. C. L. McDonald, acting for Mr. M. C.Jacobs,, bought King of Trumps for 210 guineas. The horse has done fairly well over hurdles, but is not made of the same stuff as Sir Peter ^Mn^eori^1 Bowles has received a letter from the A.R.C., asking him to go to Ade laide to assist in handicapping for the May Mooting; hut no definite -arrangements have yet been made. Harry Yeend will probably be over in Adelaide next month with Blue Ribbon, Acrobat, and Intrepid. The first named was . a good deal fancied by his trainer for the Australian Cup, but he met with an accident the day before which effectually disposed of | his chance. Intrepid has just been taken up ' altera spell, and I hope the handicappers: will give this grand, old jumper another chance of distinguishing himself. , Mr. F. C. Goyaer, since he retired from the , Victoria Hotel, has been devoting a good deal | of time to getting together some horses, and j he has picked up some very useful nags at1 differenttimes. R.Rowe,of "Sussex" Cottage, of course has charge of. the team, which in cludes Narrabri. Chrysalis, Fusilier, a Proto Martyr colt, and a Mainbrace mare. All but the first named are in the jumping business, and I hope we may seeFusilier and Chrysalis in Adelaide in May, despite the sparring by means of newspaper letters that their pwner and our handicapper indulged in last year. The Proto- Martyr colt has more substance t.l«m any of his family that I have seen, and the way he fenced with Mclvor at Caulfield when I saw him (it was his first trial) speaks well for his future career as a cross-country horse. „ . „„„ When Mr. Thomas Chirnside gave 560 guineas for Great Western he intended taking him to England and entering him for some big cross-country events there, hut since the sale and prior to the Steeplechase Mr. Loughlin bought tbe horse back. Mr. Ghirnside is not very anxious to take the horse home nowprobably. The two Australian-bred youngsters which Sir Thomas Elder sent to England to be raced will return to Morphettville shortly, their owner having determined not to run tnem in the old country. By the Victorian, which arrived on Friday, Totalizator, King of Trumps, Roebuck, Struck Oil, Baal bee, BendOr, Mr. Barnard's Smuggler colt, and a yearling of Hill's, are to be sent to Adelaide. . 