No ono requires to bo told that Mr. Wil liam Forator is a disappointed man. Tho fact is stninped in unmiatakcable characters upon all hie public utterances, and par ticularly upon tkofio unfortunate effusions wnich ho sometimes prints in tho public press. If he was not horn with the idea that be ought to be a Premier, he lias certainly been haunted with it for a good many years, bat notwithstanding his desperate efforts in tho patriotio cause of vilifying other people, and promoting himself, lie has not sncccedcd in convincing tho publio or the Parliament that "Joseph is the mau." A wiso authority tells us that " Hope deferred maketli the " heart sick," but Mr. Forster's experience goes to prove that it not only sickens the heart, hut sours tho temper and poisons tho tongue. -Accordingly tho lion, gentleman never allows an opportunity to escape him of injuring an opponent, oven if ho Iirb to go back a quarter of a century for an excuse. In this notover- chnritnble frame of mind lie wroto a letter to the editor of tbiB journal on the 1-ith of July last in reply to an article which hod appeared in The Sydney Daily Telegraph complaining of the too great generality and vagueness of certain statements be had mnde reflecting upon the private character of Sir Henry ParkeB, He took care, however, not to pin himself to any specifio charge iu sup port of tho slanders he had uttered, but sought, by suggesting charges which he not the manliness to utter in an honest and straightforward manner, to blacken the repu tation of a successful political opponent. In the letter alluded to be said ; — If yon expressly desire particulars, you know how easily I can, and that I will furnish them. If particulars be asked in tho Assembly I will not rofuso. But, meantime, it may suflico to remind you of a judgment of tbo Supreme Court in a certain matter of marked cheques, of which I will send you a copy if you promise to publish it, oven in substance. You scarcely expect me to call as witnesses tho ghosts of poor Dean, of Edward Butler, of Robert Campboll, or of O'i'arrell. That letter wo declined to publish on account of the ambiguity of the charges, and because we considered it " unfair to launch each in- " sinnationB, as the references contain, against " tho Premier in his nbsonco." In a private note, however, to Mr. Forster, which he has had tho bad taste to publish along with the correspondence in another newspaper, we said : — " If you will state distinctly what tho " charges are, and sign your natno to them, " they shall be published in the Telegraph." Of coursn, Mr. Forster would do nothing of tho kind. Ho knows very well that he has not a leg to stand upon, nnd he therefore seeks by innuendo to convey impressions which ho knows have no foundation in fact. ThcBO may bo good tactics according to tho ForBterian theory, but to the minds of most people they will appear as contemptible as tho effort to drag the private finances of tho Premier into tho diBcussion of publio ques tions. It is no secret to old residents of the colony that Sir Henry Parkes had the misfortune to fail in tbo effort lo establish a second morning newspaper in Sydney, and that he was obliged to avail himself of the provisions of tholnsol- vency Aot, but is thoro any thing immoral or dia- honoiable in that? Instead of disgnieing tho truth by mysterious references to the gbor Is of poor Dean nnd Oanipbell, nnd vague hints about " a certain matter of marked cheques," why could not Mr. Forster out with thetrutii, and let his hearers or his readers form their own conclusions. The reaBou is obvious. With the ennning of Ingo, hut without his courage, Mr.. Forster was anxious to put a black and damning nppcaranco upon an honorable, though unfortunato transaction. Wnlpole says, "Every man has his price," and we hero take some trouble to find out what Mr. Forster's price is. The monetary difficulties of Sir Henry Parkes commenced with the Bale of tho Empire in 1858, and ended on his return from England in 18G8. It wbb during this time that tho transac tions took place about which Mr. Forster is so virtuously indignant. This was the lime when tho "damned deed" was done, con cerning which Mr. Forster calls the ghosts of the dead to witness. It was at thin period that certain promissory documents were signed, which Mr. Forster says " one day or " other bid fair to become, if they have not " already become, and to make their acceptors, " if they have not already made them, biBtori- " cally immortal." These aro tho transactions which Mr. ForBter pretends to believe are so dishonorable, that the Premier ought to be hounded out of political life, if not from decent society. But, " Toll it not in Gath ; publish it not " in the streets of Askelon !" Within a year or two of this dreadful occurrence, and when the facts were fresh in the mind, Mr. Forster wanted to become a colleague of Mr, Pnrkcs's in tho.Martin Government. To prevent any mistake, wo give the following extract from Mr. Forster's own'lettcr to Mr. Martin Notwithstanding tho ritrong personal objections I entertain to tho oflico which ins been offered rac in the new Ministry — viz., that of the Secretary for Lands— yet, looking at tho necessity which exists for certain practical measures of legislation nnd adminis trative reform, and tho great public benefit which would result from the construction of a Ministry united in principle and opinion upon their general policy, I have, after mature consideration, deter mined on waiving my objection, and I agree to accept the office in question, under the following condi tions. Mr. Forster' then stipnlatcd certain condi tions, which Mr. Martin declined to accede to, snd Mr. Forster was consequently left out. We should like tho hon. gentleman to explain, if he can, how it was that he could talk about being " united in principle and opinion" with Mr. Parkes in January, 18GG ; how it wus that lie was able to overcome his " etrong "personal objections" to the position that was offered him, nnd how it was that " after "mnturo consideration" he was willincr to act as Secretary for Lands in n Ministry in which Mr. Parkes was Colonial Secretary ? Was Mr. Forster willing nt that timo to swallow his convictions respecting the "historically " immortal " conduct of Mr. Parkes, or is his modern virtue only a shaui ? Mr. Forster says he docs not nee how the qualified nnd voluntary absence of a high official from his post, and the duties for which ho is paid, can properly impose silence upon publio criticism of notorious facte, and he reminds ug that we were not restrained by any such Gne feelings from criticising his con duct when he was not in any way officially connected with tho colony. Anyono who is not mentally blind will see that the cases aro notpnrnllel. We criticised Mr. Forster's public conduct as Agent- General, and our remarks woro founded upon State papers thou current. What Mr. ForBter wished to rake up was the privato transactions of Sir Henry Parkes which happened a quarter of a century ago, and which, if there was anything to condone, Mr. Forster had himself condoned as far back as 18GG. Mr. Forster is entitled to think what ho likes of Sir Henry Parkes, hut at least he should try and remember what his own opinions are, and not cut the ridiculous figure of bellowing hiinEelf hoarso in denun ciation of a mnttcr on one. day, which he is willing to accept as a part of his principles on another. The profound, nble, and earnest professor and master of classics at the University feels a natural chagrin that in tho new arrange ment for the cnrriculum of stndies, classics should have had to partially give way to the pursuit of that scicnco which has effected sucli marvellous changes in tho condition at the present timo of tho human race, and has caused a vast improvement ns well as a great revolution in tho whole coarse of conduct nnd of life. We cannot affect surpriso at this. Dr. Badham has drunk daily, since his youth, nt the pure and undefiled well of knowledge, culture, and refinement that is to ho found in tho tomes of clnssicnl lore, of the old masters, and of tho first parents of thought, who only speak to us in what nro irreverently termed the dend languages. He believes, nnd he has abundant ground for t he faith that is in him. But, it is no secrrt out of tho charmed circle beyond which he will not step that the report of Professor Livcrsidge, published in 1880, upon professional, scientific, and technical education established the faot, that as there had been feltthe necessity of a change of system elBowhere, so thero would be found one here. Tho object, wroto ono great authority, " Of a University iB to pro- " mote learning and science, and scicn- " tific teaching of tho highest kind ran " only bo successfully carried on by persons " who are themselves engaged in original " research." This is fully recognised at the London UnivorBity, in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin, an i, more especially, in Germany, Aus'ria, France, and Italy. There is, said Sir Benjamin Brodie, " a coustaut draught " upon science for economic and manufactur- " ing purposes — for medicine, consulting and " manufacturing chemistry, and for civil, " mechanical, and telegraphic engineering in " all its brunches." Therefore, tho promo tion of original work in science should ho regarded as one of the main functions of a University. In ccnnection with this, there should bo sorno system by which a boy of especial aptitude should be encouraged to prolong tho term of his studies. But some evidence of literary cnlture ought to be required by tho University from all its students. There should he a fair amount of Latin nnd Greek, bat this should bo balanced by a similarly fair amount of scientific knowledge. Aftor this, tho tendency in England, nnd elsewhere, is to allow the student considerable latitude in tho choice of study. In tho address of tho Chancellor at the Commemoration, it will be noted that prominence is given lo all those points. Medicine, science, nnd engineering are to he especially taught, and it is bopod that there will soon be a faculty of law. Tho Bludcnt may, if his inclination, his ability, aod his natural taste prompt him, stick to his Greek, but he may abandon it for the modern languages. In thus deciding, tho Senate seems to have wisely taken in viow tho tremendous difference thoro is between tbo state of things in so young a country as Australia, and that which is tho growth of ages, north of tho line. Thero are very few young men matricnlato nt either Oxford or Cambridge, who do not know aa much German, French, and Italian as they would bo likely to learn at the Sydney University. Tboy go to Cambridge for ' mathematics, and to Oxford for classics. Inestimable as the ndvantage of a profound classical and mathe matical knowledge is, science and tho modern languages are much more likely to be- useful to tho young Australian. Our educational system costs ns over half a million per annum. If we could only produce one James Wntt, ono Humphrey Davy, or ono Edison every year, lie would bo cheap at the entire cost. His Excellency tho Governor, in tho few remarks he made after tho Chancellor and the Professor of Classics had spoken, scemod to realise tho pooition. He said : " I am " happy to learn that the now curriculum " comprises the introduction of modern lan- " guagt-s, French and German, rendering " Greek optional when French and German "are taken up. In the present ago know- " ledge, and the desire for knowledge, haB so " greatly increased, that science and the " necessity of learning living languages— " especially French and German — lias con- " siderahlv affected the study of the dead " languages, especially of Greek." His Excellency yields to no one in his admiration of the stirring language of Homer nnd Virgil, the pathetic tragedies of Euripides and Sophocles, and the eloquence of Cicero and Demosthenes. Study of them is partially superseded by that of " those branches of " science which are more in conformity with " the wants and necessities of modern times." His Excellency, lising to speak after tho Chancellor and the Professor, might well have feared that nothing would be left for him to say. Notwithstanding, he found something, and he said it well, and appositely. The meetina vesterdav of tho Mnnieioal Council was minus much of the spicc that would have been infused into it if Alderman John Davies had been in his place. It was said that he was sick or indisposed. This is possible. No mnn can foresee what day ho may be stricken down upon a bed of sickness, and even if lie could ho could not certainly avoid the visitation. It is very possible that Alderman John Davies is sick of the wholu affair. It is not improbable that he should be indisposed to linvc further part or lot in tho pro ceedings of tlio Council. Thoro has been enough worry about them, recently, in connec tion with himself, to cause a strong constitu tion to temporarily give way. Under the circumstances, iris brother aldermen did wisely to say no more than it was necessary should lie said. Tho indomitable M'Elhono let out that lie was on his war-path, and that he will not rest until ho lias probed the state of things to their very bottom. From what wc rend, and what wo hear, he has uneartlied ono or two matters which require investigation and need explanation. Probably he will follow up tho trail with the tenacity of the sleuth-liound, or, as very proper persons would say, con amorc. And, it rnny ho, that Alderman John Davies will bo able to produce a bill, properly receipted, for the hats which tho captain of tho Coonanbara and his officers ought lo wear. Tho most hopeful feature about the matter is that the Mayor, who cannot he suspected of having any other object in view than the honor and integrity of the Council, intimated his intention to cause, by hook or by crook, n thorough investigation to ho mado of all tlio circumstances which might, unless they bo subjected to a searching light., reflect llJlUIl lHu lll'.ll J' I'liil Ul CUIIvLlItU llUilUl nnd probity of nil parties concerned. His ( Worship is apparently, and rightly, weary of tlio rumours that have been floating in the air respecting the conduct of municipal business. Force and weight have been lent to these riunoura by Hie nolorious'y rascally work exe cuted from tiro very foundations to tho ceiling ' oE tlie Town Hall. Whether some men have boon paid to pass work which ought not to have been passed, and others have had presents made to tiiein in order that they should not see that which they must liave been struck with, if thero had not been design in the matter, are problems in the minds of most of tlio ratepayers of Sydney. These affairs havo reached, not been carried, to a certain length and altitude. It does seem impossible that they should not bo taken to an ending, ho it bitter or be it sweet. At yesterday's meeting of the City Council, a discussion took place in reference to the remark of Alderman Davies nt n recent meeting that 11 ha could involve the whole Council if lie felt dis posed," bueh remark having been made in connec tion with tho charge made ngainst him (Alderman Davies) of receiving a present from n contractor. Alderman Davies was not present nt yesterday's ruec-rinp, owing, it was said, to indi'position. Alderman M'Klhone introduced the subject, and spoke very warmly on what he termed the slander ous statement rnnde hy Alderman Davies. Other aldermen spoke in condemnation of the statement, which, it appeared, had cEcapcd the notice of most of those who were present when it was made, but was afterwards seen in the newspaper report of that day's proceedings. Alderman Mdilhonc gave notice of amotion — "That, in the opinion of the Council, Alderman Davies should not lake his scat nt the Council table until he hud taken action to mako good tho sweeping charges lie had mnde or apologised to that Council for the insult he had offered them," A report of the proceedings appears in another column, The Commission appointed for the purpose of collecting exhibits for the International, Colonial, and Import Trado Exhibition, to be held in Amsterdam in 1SS3, and forwarding the snme, consists of tho following gentlemen, viz.;— Hon. Sir James Martin, Knt., Chief Justice, president ; Hon. Sir John Hay, K.O.M.G , president of the Legislative Council; Hon. Sir George Wigram Allen, Knt., Speaker of the Legislative Assembly ; Hon. Arthur Renwick, M.D., M.P., Secretary for Mines; Sir Patrick Alfred Jennings, K.C.5I G., M.P. ; Mr. Edward Combes, C.M.G., M.P. — vice- presidents ; Messrs, JoEcph Palmer Abbott, M.P. ; tlobort Dudley AdnmB, Jr.mes Ilarnet, Colonial Architect ; Hon. William Adams Brodribb, M.L.C. ; Messrs. Herbert Harrington Brown, M.L'. j Sydney Burdckin, M P, ; John Fitzgerald Hump, M.P. ; Angus Cameron, M.P. ; Henry Clark, M.P. ; Hon. George Henry Cox, M.L.C. ; Mr. John Divicp, C.M.G., M.P. ; Hon. Edwd. Flood, M.L.C. ; Messra. Edmund Fosbery, Infpeelor-General of Police ; Robert Fowler, J. P. ; Hon. John Frazer, M.L.C. ; Messrs, John Harris, Mayor of Sydney ; Henry Hudson, Archibald Hamilton Jacob, M.P. ; James Storey Jami son, J.P. ; Hon. Samuel Aaron Joseph, M.L.C. ; Hon, Philip Gidley King, M.L.C. ; Hon. Lewi r Wolfe Levy, M.L.C. ; Mr, Archibald Livcr sidge, Professor of Geology in tho University of Sydney; Hon John Macintosh, ALL C. ; Mr. John Mackenzie, F.G.S , Examiner of Coal Fields ; Hon. William Mucleny, Al.L.C. ; Messrs. Francis Maenali, Consul for Netherlands ; Charles Moore, Direclrr of the Botanic Gardens; Hon. Henry Mcrt, M.L.C. ; Messrs. John Pope, J.P. ; Charles James Roberts, J.P. ; Hon. Jeremiah Rriec Kundle, M.L.C. ; Messrs. John See, M.P. ; Robert Hnrdett .Smith. M.P. ; lion. John .Sutherland, M.L.C. ; linn, George Thornton, M.L.C.; iMcEsra. Prosper Nicholas Trcti-.-ck, Hbnnrzer Viekcry, J.P. ; Wil liam John Watson, M.P. ; lion. John Brown Watt, M.L.O. ; Mespre. Charles Smith Wilkinson, Geo logical Surveyor, an I John Young, J.P. The City Council, Eoino short timo sgo, were apparently under Hie impression that its members in a body should havo liuon invited to tho opening of the extension of the railway from C.irrathool lo Hay on July 4th, ami at one of its meetings a re mark was, made by Alderman M'Elhono to the effect thnl "the Government had omitted to invite the aldermen to tho opening of tho railway to Hay," In consequence, the Commissioner for Railways wns communicated with on tho subject by tho Colonial Secretary, nnd replied that it was not the prnctico of the Government to take tbo initiative in inviting persona lo railway openings. Complimentary cards were issued only npon appli cation being made for them, nnd on every occasion that the aldermen had attended the tickets had been issued at tbo request of a privato member of the Legislature. There had been several open ings without applications having been mado" for cards for the wholo Council, and as none was made on tho occasion of tho opening of the railway to Hay, no tickets were issued to the Mayor and aldermen as a collective body. One or two of the Council, however, received cards upon the applica tion of members of Parliament, Mr, M'itlhone seemed to have been aware of the practice referred lo, for on one occasion lie applied himself for tickets for the whole of Hie nldermeu, and at other limes he had asked for tickets for individual mem bers of the Corporation, Tbo second of tho Fraser Fountains is to be erected at the enlraneo lo Hyde Park nt the junc tion of Oxford, Liverpool, and College streets. At yesterday's meeting of tlio City Council a letter was received from the Hon. John Fraser, enclosing a cheque for £500, being the balance of a sum of £1000 for the erection of the fountains presented to the Corporation by that gentleman, Tho P. nnd O. Company's R.M.S, Rome.wilb fhe English mails, via Suez, arrived nt Albany, on Monday night, Tbo Sydney portion of her mails will probably reach here next Tuesday morning. Wo learn from Jir. G. S. Yuill, manager of the Orient line of steamers, that the steamer Liguria arrived at Port Said on Monday, the 31st ultimo. Mr. John Williams, of Upper William- street North, has been appointed a trustee of tho National Park, vice the Hon. John Lucas, M.L 0,, resigned. What appears to have been, judging from the evidence adduced, a gross miscarriage of juslice, occurred nt the Darlinghurst Qunrter Sessions yes- teiday, A married woman named Ellen I.eer was charged with having unlawfully and maliciously wounded two of her daughters, aged respectively ton and Eix ycara. The case for the Crown was that defendant one evening sent tbo elder of the girls out on an errand, but as she wns n long while absent, the mother on her return took a batten from tlio sofa, and inflicted such a thrashing that, not only was tho child's body covered with bruises, but sbo bad also received a dangerous cut on the head. Tho woman then turned her fury, upon the younger child, whom she also bent most unmercifully, The attention of the police was drawn to the state of the cider girl, and they conveyed her to the Infirmary, where hei wonnds were dressed, and where she distinctly stated that they had resulted from tho beating by the mother. In the meantime the woman hajl taken the younger child from lied fern to a friend's house at Chippendale, where she alleged that the cuts on the head had been caused by her being knocked down by a van ; but, upon being urged lo have them attended to, she called nt a chemist's, who dressed them, and to whom the mother stated they had been occasioned through the child falling off a swing. When committed by the Rcdfem Bench on the charge of wounding the elder child, the , police opposed an application for bail un'il they could find the younger girl, and when they did so some three days later, they took tho little thing to the Infirmnry and it was then discovered that besides the cut and some Eevere contusions on the right thigh and ribs, tho right arm was also broken. Neighbours of defend ant gave evidence as lo hearing the children being thrashed, nnd the woman herself admitted at the time of her committal having beaten the elder, but stated that the blow on the head was acci dentally administered. In face of the overwhelm ing testimony several of the juiymen appeared to have made tip their minds before retiring, and although others desired to ask further questions, this was objected to, and the threat of being IQCKCa up ail UIgnc pru-auueu u uuamiui.j - " favour of defendant. A meeting of the Presbytery of Sydney was held in St. Andrew's Church yesterday morning. There was a moderate attendance, and tho chair wns taken at 10 30 by the Rev. James Cosh (Moderator). Messra. . Thompson and Nicholson were admitted as students, A motion by the Rev. O. M'lnncs, to the effect thatthc Presbytery should meet nt G.30 p.m. instead ot 10.30 n.m. was nega tived. A report of the committee on the financial condition of tho Paddington Church was received. The sanction of the Presbytery was given to the appointment of trustees of property at Redfern, in the place of trustees resigned. The R;v. P. F, Mackenzie, pastor of the Paddington Church, ten dered "ois resignation of his charge, and the Pres bytery adjourned nt 1 o'clock, to meet at the Paddington Church at 7.30 on the evening of Tuesday, tho loth inst., to consider it. Tim peculiarily some magistrates have of rush ing every trivial case before n jury was exemplified in two instances at the Q larter Sessions yesterday. One man was charged with unlawfully wounding another, but the evidence elicited the faots that they hael merely been wrestling together, and that the wound inflicted hy a fall was purely the result of accident, and chiefly the fanlt of the wounded man himself ; whereupon his Honor directed the jury lo return a verdict of ncquittal before the csec had concluded. A similar thing occurred in a case in which a respcctabic looking elderly man was charged with attempting to Btcnl from tho person; but prosecutor's own evidence went to show that ho was so intoxicated on the day the offence was alleged to have been committed that he did not know where ho was at the time, what money he had, or whether any person had at tempted to rob him. His Honor then drew the Crown Prosecutor's nttenlion to the fact that there was no caEe, and tho accused was formally ac quitted. The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the Juvenile Exhibition was held at the office, Garden l'alacc on Monday. There were prevent Mr. W. A. Hutchinson, in the chair, Captain Broom- fli'.ld , Mc?sr<". Franki, l'alser, Walker, Poalinan, Moore, belle, nud secretary. A lo'.tcr was read from Mr. Craven, offering his services gratis as organist for the opening musical ceremonies, o: to assist in any of tlio vocal services during the tenure of the cxbibilion ; also from the secretary of the local committee, Lithgow, promising a hearty support fiom that district. Numerous oilier letters were received from intending exhibi tors in all the colonies. The interiur decoration of tho Garden Palace was then (liscuss.'d, niid it was decided to have some flor.il decorations nnd flags placed in various positions, so as to ascertain the- best method for decorating the building by next meeting, when tho question will bs finally considered. The meeting th;u adjourned till Mon day next. Yesterday morning an engine and trolly tra- . versed the line of tramway recently extended from Elizabeth-street along Pbillip-stroet to near the Circular Quay, and, as far as can be ascertained, with satisfactory results. The trip was made by order and under the supervision of the Locomotive Dc-pirtment. A young woman of rather reopectable appearance named Mary Teresa Harrison, was arrested by Constable Stewart yesterday morning on n charge of stealing a silver locket anil chain, value £3 19-, the property of Richard Switsou. The prisoner was brought beforo the Central Bench yesterday, and remanded until to-day. The number of Bacchanalians who attended Mr. Clark's levee, at tho Central yesterday, was 23. Several ladies and gentlemen who are ndvocatcs of profanity and obscenity also presented cards of admission. Several publicans were fined nt the licensing meeting yesterday for breaches of the Aot. John II. Galvin and Patrick O'Brien, of the Criterion Hotel, Goulburn-street, were each fined £5 with the usual alternative of a month's imprisonment for selling liquor on Sunday. Jas", l'oupnrt, Family Hotel, George-street, had to pay 10i nnd ccBte for supplying liquor to a drunken man, and James Fay, Mansion House Hotel, George-street, for neglecting to keep his lamp alight, was fined 10s. Mr. Dillon siid there wa3 a heavy list of fresh eases for Friday. Tho third law term of the year began on Mon day, when the various legal tribunals entered npon business with n great display of zeal. Yesterday, being a bnnk holiday, wns a dies nan in the legal world, and consequently the courts were closed. It is a pity that the opening of the term could not have been postponed until to-day. At the usual licensing meeting, held yesterday, beforo Messrs, Clark, Dillon, and Addison, S.Me., the following transfers of publicans' licenses were granted: — H.Honeybctl, to James Pitt, Crocs Keys Hotel, Wavcrly; 11. Maroney, to Thomas M'Na- marn. Empress of India Hotel, Botany-road ; John T. William", to Charles Saunders, Royal Exchange Hotel, Pyrmont; John Sutt Sutcliffe, to Christina Byrne, Welcome Home Hotel, Newtown. A further extens on of four months was granted to J. Water- house, Green Gntc Hotel, Lane Cove. Hawkers' licenses were issued to the following persons : — H. Cihill, S. Cohen, Hamuli Gisborg, Isaac Lipschitz, Phillip Govott, Lewis Joseph, John Moffitr, 0. Ii. Wittou, B. Benyon, Alfred Cansdell, P. A. Davies, J. Sotiaucr. Pawnbrokers' licenses wore issued lo W. Suo:t and Margaret Lynch. Daniel Wilkins, who is a sailor bold, belonging to the American ship Solitaire, is not enthusiastic about Sydney. He landed on Monday night to take a cruise round the town, and in George-street fell in with Frederick Stanford, for whom, in his off-handed Yankee fashion, lie " shouted" once or twice. Stanford next proposed to introduce tin seaman to a lady of his acquaintance, who resides in North-street. They went round to tho house, and after staying thero n short timo Wilkino b i-io farewell to his cntirtainers nnd left tlieui. He found, however, that he hid boon relieved of lialf-a-sovereign, and accordingly gave thorn both in charge. Yesterday, at tho Central Court, Mr. Clark, 8.M., did not consider there was sulliciont evidence to warrant a conviction, and discharged bolh prisoners. Thereupon Daniel avaxod wroth, and says lie is going to acquaint tho American eagle with the whole affa'r. A labourer named Jamc3 Robertson (57) was admitted to the Hospital last evening, suffering from injuricB received through being knocked down hy a butcher's cart, whilst crossing Sussex- street. It is stnted that he was intoxicated at the time of the occurrence. A man whose name is supposed to bo Charles Winchester, about 10 years of age, was taken to tho Hospital by Constable Adair, suffering from tho effects of sulphuric acid. It is reported that he went into an oyster saloon in Hunter-street, about 7 o'clock, under the in fluence of liquor, and was seen to take a lemonade bottle out of his pockot and placo it to his lips. Ho spilt 6omo of tho contents— sulphurio acid- over his face, which wa3 considerably burnt. Fortunately only n very small quantity found its way iuto his throat. The members of tho Gaelic branch of the High land Society held their usual monthly meeting last night nt the Society's Rooms, Waterloo Chamber!, George-street, Mr. John M'Donald, presided. There was a goodly muster of the Highlanders resident in nnd about Sydney, besides some strangers from the country. Tho business of the evening was the reading of a translation of a tour through the Highlands of Scotland, translated from English to Gaelic by Mr. Allan M'Dcrmid. This branch of tho Highland Society meets on the firEt Tuesday in every month, and seems to possess that vitality characteristic of Highlanders. Mr. M'Dermid'a translation appeared to givo great pleasure to the gentlemen present, who under stand tho grand old Celtio language, nnd who seem determined to perpetuate it in this the land of their adoption. A man giving tho namo of Thomas II. Williams wns proceeded against at the Central Police Court, yesterday, on a charge of indecently assaulling a woman at Woollahra, and wns sent lo gaol for two months. Tho fifth annual exhibition of the Now South Wales Poultry, Pigeon, and Canary Society was opened yesterday, nt tho Temperance Hail, by Mr. Walter Pradley, one of the presidents. Tbo great pigeou-flying match for the gold medal and ellvrr cup will be contested this day, nnd for which are 34 entries. Tho show is a great bucccss, and haa in many respects surpassed tho previous ones A full report of the awards, &c.;, will be found in nuother column. Shortly after 5 o'clock last ovening tho shingle roof of u dwelling nt No. 8 King-street, between Sussex-street and the wharf, was found to. bo on fire. The alarm was given, and tho firo cuprites were Boon on tbo spot, the City Brigade boing first, I with tho Insurance second. The fire, however, was extinguished with the hand- pump and a few buckets Of water, but not beforo about 3 feet of the roof had been consumed. The fire, it is sup posed, originated with sorno sparks from the chim ney, which, it was ascertained, had been on fi.e. The following extract from the Rev. W. Jcfferie3's article on " Pauperism" have been handed , to us by Sir Alfred Stephen for public i- tion, ns illustrating the subject be touched npon at the City Refuge and Soup Kitchen meeting on Monday ovening. Mr. Jcfferies says : — ' If by our help -ve diminish self help, if we increase the habit of becoming dependent on others, we inflict upon the needy the 'gravest injury, It may eei-m hard to say it, but I believe that the doles of tho clergy, and the gifts of ladieE-botintiful, havo helped in no small degree to produce the degrad ing pauperism of England, Australian statesmen may well bestir themselves to ask whether charit able institutions already in existence, whose methods they endorse, and whoso friends they chiefly supply, are not in a rnensure doing for Australia what tho Elizabethan poor laws have done for England. The proportions in England of persons receiving in-door relief is as ono in 1S7, Iu New South Wales it is as one in 17G." A man named George Sampson was charged on remand, before Mr. Marsh, S.M., with stealing i the Bum of £11 belonging to T. Curran, and also with possessing 30 copies of the London Graphic, 11 packets of playing cards, part of n box of < cigars, and 17 pocket knives, reasonably supposed to have been stolen. It will be remembered that prisoner, who had been remanded, was night watchman at the prosecutor's house, viz , Pfha- lort's Hotel, Wynyard-squarc, and having received the money, failed to account for it, On the first charge he waa yesterday committed for trial ; and on the second charge he was fined £5, in default, j ono month's gaol. The items enumerated in the 1 second charge were found by the detectives in j prisoner's room after lie was arrested, aud identi- j fled by Mr. Curran as his property. j Joseph Jackson (19), described as a blacksmith, ! was brought before Mr, Marsh, S.M., at the Water Police Court yesterday afternoon on the very i serious charge of ussaulting a young girl with in- lent to commit a rape. The case was beard with i clos-.d doors, nnd prisoner was undefended. Tho j prosecutrix is a eervaut of the proprictorcss of a ' boarding-house in Kent- strict, nnd prisoner was a \ lodger. The case was remanded till Friday. J A mau named Thomns Elliott, was charged at | tiio Water Police Court yesterday, with having been found by night on the premises of David j Williams, 143 Phillip-street, with intent to com- j rait a felouy. It appeared that on Saturday even- ; ing, the prisoner was found without hoots and ( coucaled under a bed in ono of ths back rooms of j the prosecutor's bouse, A constable was sent for and tlio man was arrested, when his boots were ; found in the bnok yard with his hat and rest. Tho i prisoner was committed to lake his trial nt the next Court ol Qunrter Scssiona. As was pointed out in our issue of Friday last, says the Melbourne Ayr, procrastination on the i part of our Minister for Railways will not Bavc ns the Riverine wool trade. After the article referred j" to had appeared, the manager o' one of ihc lnrgeit j carrying firms in Melbourne — Messrs. M'Ciilloch | and Co. — wnited on the Minister for Railways, for i- tho purpose of showing him the already known | difference between the quantity of wool coming to |j year. The loading of the Itiverina wool, r-s was ; pointed out by the deputation on Wednesday las', is contracted for by only a few firms, bo that an ' almost acenritc estimate of tlio quantity which will piss through Melbourne can be formed. Nearly nil the eoutracts that were iu abeyance at the time the deputation waited on the Minister nrc now completed, lip lo the present the trado adjacent to the Hay railway only is affected. About G5,()(J0 biles of nvor-borue wool came to j Melbourne Inst year from New riouth Wales, but the returns show a falling oil from 17,01)1) to ; 20,UJ0balu3 this year. Toe Melooiirno catrying firms arc extending their branches throughout New South Wales. As au extmple, Messrs. Per- mewan, Wright and Co. haveopeued nino branches in the sister colony si nee the Hay extension was proposed, nud arc about to form oihers. Another case of erysipelas (says the Argus) has occurred at the Melbourne Hospital during tho past week, and from the facts disclosed it appears that the diBease has been contracted in the institu tion. It appears that on the 17th ultimo a miner, named Richard Skinner, aged 53 years, was ad mitted into the institutiou from Emu Crook, near 1 Seymour, suffering from a fracturo of the right arm, caused by falling down n shaft ou the 15th ultimo. The injury had been greatly aggravated by want of surgical attention, but under treatment he gradually improved, and was progressing satis- factorily until about tbc middle of la6t week, when erysipelas in an acute f-.rm made its appearance in the right arm, in the locality of a small wound which wns inllioted at the time of the accident. The disease spread rapidly over the whole srin, and for some time the patient suffered considerably, but he has since slight iinpioyed, and is now con sidered to be out of danger. A correspondent of the Argus, (writing on the carriage of wool from Hay to Melbourne, and front Melbourne to Sydney, says : — " A good deal of nonsense was spoken nt the recent deputation and has since been written in tbc Press in compar ing the wool rales of tho. two colonies. It was argued that, because Now South Wales chnrges only 2s per bale from liny to Junce, 1U7 miles, Vic toria should charge not more from Ecbuca to Mel bourne, 15G miles. To persons not posted up in tlie subject, this seems unanswerable, but it will nut bear investigation. Had the balnnco of the journey from Junee to Sydney been charged nt a similar rate per mile to the distance from Hay to Junee, then the comparison would have been just. But what do we find is tbo charge fromJunea to Syd ney? The distance is only 287 miles arid in tire same ratio aB tlio Iliy lo Junce portion of the journey, it should be barely 3i Gd per bale. It ia, howev.r, 9', and tho through journey from Hay to Sydney is lis, not 5s (i.I per bale. To nny one conversant with railway matters, it will appear quite reason able that if the New South Wales railways get 93 per b ile for 287 miles, they can afford to carry the additional 1G7 miles for 2s more. It is an acknowledged rule on nit railways that the further the journey the less the rate per mile yon can nflord to carry nt. For instance, if you carry j goods 150 miles nt n certain rato per mile nnd | realised a certain profit, you can carry tbo aamo goods 300 miles nt a less rate per mile and realise an cqunl profit for the wholo distance. Finding that New South Wales has fixed tbe rato from Hay to Sydney at lis per bale, at what rates must the stoaraors carry from Hay to Kchucn and the railway from Kctiuca to Melbourne lo compete with them ? The steamboat owners say they can not go bolo v 8i per bale (including insurance) nnd leave a profit, aud aa tlie railway rate is la Gd nt prevent, there is a balance of la Gd in favour of Sydney. A reduction must of necessity be made, nnd think tho steamboat owners may fairly be asked to give something. I would mi gees t that they reduce lo 7s G.I, and tho railway tako la or or even Is Gd off, and then the Melbourne rato would be equal to if not less than the Sydney rate." Says tlio Melbourne Herald " Our good friends in New South Wales nppenr lo think fur moro highly of what is called ' the American baggage system ' than it deserves, Tho railway authorities in the United States merely give tho passi nger numbered checks for his baggage when it is given in at tho office, and decline to restoro it until the checks are returned, which can only be done at the station to which the baggage is origi nally booked, Thus when a Ir.mso mtinental train j was ' suowed up on the prairie,' some time ago, for j tho best part ot a week, tlie guards did not dnro to j give the passengers access to their own baggage, 1 and tho consequence was that they arrived nt Kan t Francisco in a very frowsy condition, after a 12 j days' trip from Omaha. The 6yBtem is, indeed, j so imperfect, that there are Transit Com- J panics in all towns ot any Bize, whoso agents 1; meet tbe trains, collect tho passengers' bag- | gage checks, and transfer their luggage to any : address they mention. Tbe result of this supple mentary system is, of course, that you frequently find your baggage at tho hotel and arranged in your rooms on your arrival, ns the transit com- panics are first served and lose no timo. But you pay extra for theso services, which are in small towns performed by lrotcl agents, and tho railway companies have nothing to do with tho matter. If you want any loose luggage shifted from one car to another during the journey, you hnvo to do it yourself, Tim Victorian railway porter is generally a civil fellow if ho bo well treated, nnd is always ready to help you. Tho American railway porter is n grandee, who sneers or swears if you appear to expect sorvioe from him, unless ho feels inclined to render it. His only virtue is that 1 tip' does not influence him. Ho takes it, but does nothing in return." Kays tho Melbourne Herald : — " The outcry about the ' monopoly,' ns the leasing of two Melbourne theatres for n long term, and of a third for n short one, by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and M im prove, is oddly entitled, seems lo have very littio foundation, and tho arrangement to wbloh it i9 i opposed hns done very little harm. Tho Theatre ( Royal has been mado more comfortable lor the I audience, its once inefficient band had been re placed by a mo9t excellent nnd well conducted orchestra, and a very popular Burlesque Opera has been placed on the stage with a lavish complete ness and accuracy of detail which could not be sur passed in any metropolitan city in tho world. At the Princess's Theatre Miss Jennie Leo and Mr. Burnett are supported by a most admirable dra- ronrio coaspany, of which eviry member is a finished nnd accomplished artist, Hero ngnin there is a pleasant nnd capnblo band, which givis selections of music in an agreeable mannor during tho evening, and all the stago appointments are as good ns they onn possibly bo. It tlio ' monopoly ' always caters ns liberally for the publio as it has dono during the very short term of its existence, playgoers would feel very much inclined to wish it a long lifo and a morry ono." From Messrs. Remington tndGo., Now Bond- street, London, wo havo received the Jnno pait o£ Art and Letters, an illustrated monthly mugassne of fine art and fiction, conducted by the well- known art critiCj Mr. J. Comyne Garr. The sub ject of the frontispiece is a well-executed eugrav- in", by Evans, of the well-known pair.line by Turner, in tho London National Gallery, " Dido superintending the building of Carthage." An in teresting paper upon " Modern Landscape" is em bellished by characteristic specimens of the handi work of Denduyts, Pointelin, 0. 1'l. Dubois, Defaux, £, A. Japy, and J; V.r. Duxton Knight. A full- bnge engraving of .Faivre's charming Salon picture, ' A Flourishing Exchequer," is also worthy of notice ; and the other contents help to form a fair nverago number. The magazino should bs patronised by all lovers of art. Tho Band of the New South .AY ales Artillery will perform in the Botanical Gardens this afternoon (weather permitting) from 3 p.m. until -1.80 p.m., under the conductorsliip of Bandmaster Pennell. The following will be the programme Overture, " La Recreation Musicale," J. Hemmerle ; valse, "Cordelia," R. Smith ; Cavatina (cornet solo), " Anna Bolena," Donizetti ; quadrille, " La Maseotte," Jlctrn; valse, "Baiser do Printemps," G. Lamothe ; selection, "Aida," Ycrdi i grand march from " Tannhauser," M'agner ; " God Save the Queen." Persons favourable to the formation of the New South Wales Yolunteer Artillery are requested to attend the committee meeting at the Exchange Hotel this evening. The sub- committee of the Citizens' Water Supply Committcc wiil meet at the Town Hall at 1 1 a.m, on the 15th instant, to draw up n report and statement of accounts, to submit to tho general committee. A special public meeting of drapers will be held at No. 1 Market Chambers, George-street, this even ing at 8.80 under tho auspices of tho association, when a matter which closely affects the reputation of individual members will be considered. 