TRAMWAY TALK. Mb. Tueneh, \?ho was selected from the flower and nobility of Northumberland to watch the affairs of State on behalf of that important electorate, ovidontly found tho ' humours ' of tho big houso in Macquario-strcot too much for hi3 head, his heart, and hio pocket, and hia weary and languishing soul found neither root nor con. tontment till it reposed sorcnoly in that re fug him ?pevcalorum and paradise of all needy patriots — a Government billot. Mr. Tumor a namo, once re splendent with Ptirlinmontary glory, io now only adorned by the ultra-poetical and oaperoobheti cai title of Truant Inopoctor undor tho Public In struction Act ; but the talontod os- mcmbOr for Northumberland will wo think find tho occupation of hunting up atay-away-from-school youngotoro a little more congenial to- hi.i tastes, r. groat deal more eliciting, and somewhat more romunerativo, perhaps, than playing the smallest of small fiddles in politico. Unfortunately for tho newly elected rnomber for Taaa, ho hao boon 'adopted' and boslavored by Mr. Buchanan, the nowly convorted, noisy, and boastful advocate of Protection. Mr. Heydon during hio electioneering tour erprooced himself in favour of Protection, and tho Scotch Diogenos of the gutter — ao he was once felicitously called by a public speaker — immediately took tho political cuicKen unae.v nis wing, accompanying lino paior nal act, by n characteristic crow in the press. Thio newly formed friendship will no doubt, provo of some ooi vico to David, but to Mr. Heydon it most ultimately bo fatal. Tho member for Yaos is a young men full of vigour and with a consider able amount of ability, and ho will suroly bo able to make his voice heard in tho councils of the country without the aid of worn-out Scotch bug pipes. Taking one consideration with anothor, tho average juryman's lot is not a happy one, and to all healthy citizens, serving on a jury is about as exciting and as pleasant an occupation as attend ing the funeral of a mean-opiritod creditor in a hired trap. Frequently the good men and true are locked up for hours without food of any kind ; and often wo hear of their being compelled to pass nights in musty court-houses without having so much ao a brick on which to Icy their weary heads. Sometimes, howevor, jurymen have a good timo of it, ; and a caoo of this kind occurred in the city during the week. At an iuqueob held at a well-known hotel the jury wore unable to ar rive at a verdict owing to the obstinacy of one of their number. Persuasion and argument wore tried, but without avail, tho man with the iron head being determined to stick to his opinion, and hold out for 48 hours if necessary. Tho jury were marched into a room, and carefully locked up, two constables being placed on guard, one at the door and the other in tho otreet undor tho windows of the room, with strict injunctions not to allow refreshments of any kind to be passed into the room. Sight hours passed away, end the jury intimated that thoy were agreed. When the twelve were set free again thoy looked more like men v/ho had been attending a municipal spread than famished jurymen who had been quietly Bitting on a- corpse ; but the oroner winkod signi ficantly and took their verdict, after which the jury took their departure. On being questioned the constables declared that they had done their duty and had permitted nothing to be passed in t,o the imprisoned twelve. This led to an examina tion of the room, which wan found to be con nected by means of a lift with tho hotel kitchen. The Sydney Morning Herald io at all times an attractive and sparkling newspaper, but last Satur day's issue of our venerable but wondorfully jolly morning contemporary was a particularly interest ing one, not that the leadero were more than usually airy, graceful, and fascinating, or that the Good Templar paragraphs wore alarmingly sensa tional, but, on account of the remarkable character of the cable messages. Among theso cablegrams the moot, conopiciouo wao one headed 'Two Bailiffs Missing in Ireland,' and which gavo tho following thunder and lightning description of a rod-hot Irish 'outrage' : — 'Two bailiffs, who had been missing for a week, are reported to havo been diocovered drowned in Lough Mask, Galway. Their bodi&i; wore chained together, and from tho manner in which they were discovered thoro io little room left for doubt that, they were the vicbimn of an outrage at, the hands of tenants who were ovieted from their holdings for rofmung to pay their rents. Five persons have been arrested for being con cemod in the murder.' How horrified the readers of tho Herald must havo been when they devoured this highly- flavoured morsel with tho morning muffin. The asBunnination of an imaginary Lady Wexf'ord was revolting enough, goodnoas knows ; but, th ?? murder of two innocent., virtuous, and, perhaps, lovely bailiffs— cut off in blio flower of their youth — chained together and cash into Lough Mask, wao moro than human nature could bo expected to bear unmoved. Lest it should bo thought that tho worthy bailiffs had decorated themselves with a fovv yards of stolon ohain, and thon taken a header into the placid waters of Lough Mask, we woro informod that 'from tho manner in whii-h they v/ere discovered there io little room left for doubt bhab they woro the victims of an outrago at. tho hands of tenants who woro oviotod from their holdings.' Now all this io moot, exciting, and to Gonoitivo minds painful in tho extreme'; bub unfortunately for bhoeo whone business ifc is to work up these Irish 'outrngon,' and those who are ever ready to onap up and circulate tho brutal calumnies and cowardly libels on thn Irish people imported from immaculato England, tho whole affair turns out to bo a sort of second edition of tho hiBtorio Eiama Ghost. For in the very paper in whioh this report appears we are ooolly informed that ' The bailiffs, whose bodies wero reported to . have boen discovered in Lough Mask, Galway, have not been found, and are still missing.' As novelists or dramatists of the ' sensational' order the Herald's gifted Bpeoial correspondents would .?. : perhaps nmko names for themselves/but as legiti mate journaliotB, they are, like its editorial writers, lamontablo failures. * The dark and ominous cloud that has so long hung over our fellow-religionists in Germany now turns forth its silver lining, and tho bitter winter of suffering and sorrow endured by them with bo much heroism io rapidly changing into a ' glorious summer.' During tho past few years tho Church in Germany hao been subjected to a most unjust and infamously cruel persecution— prelates havo been expatriated, priests imprisonod, and tho pooplo doprivod of tho consolations of religion ; but now the iniquitous policy which has pro duced such disastrous effects throughout the country io being reversed and liberty is onco moro enjoyed by the pastors and their Hocks. Within tho paot few daj o a motion, introduced by tho loader of tho Catholic party in tho lloiohstng per mitting tho oxorebo of clerical functions^ by priests'* without their having previously obtained tho sanction of the authorities, was carried by an overwhelming majority. The Catholics of Germany havo ronoon to rejoice — '' Tho night of sorrow now is turnod to-day.' When aro we to havo a thoroughly disciplined and properly managed fire brigade service ? Of . late nn unusually large number of fires have oc curred in tho city, at almost every ono of which the utter inefficiency, and in Borne instances the abooluto useleesnoss, of tho metropolitan fire brigados has been dioplayed. Of companies we have moro than wo require, but with a few exception!! thoy aro miserable shams, being composed for the ; moot part of cadaverous looking youths, varying . in ago from fifteen to twenty-five years, who appear to be profoundly impressed with tho con- ? viction that firemen, like poets, aro born and not made, and who, instead of going through some sort of drill, devote sill their leisure to the hoalbhy and invigorating pastime of squatting outside their respective stations and expectorating o.i tho pave ment. Iiecklesanoss, disunity, and stupidity, are the complaints lodged against the fire brigados, time out of mind, and hardly a fire takos place with out a muddle of oomo description, a blunder, or a barney. Frequently it happens that rival com panies have prolongod disputes over the posses sion of a water plug, or some particular position in the vicinity of the fire, although in tho mean time valuable property is being destroyed ; firemon get in each others' way. and annoy ono another in every possible manner ; and when the flames aro finally oubducd, or the firo burns itself out, each captain and genoral ondeavours to get his company mentioned in tho news papers as having rendered special service. Thoro is no end to tho bother and trouble caused by tho conflicting statements as to tho order in which engines arrivo at tho fires, itnd it has boen remarked moro than onco that firemen dis play a great doal more aclivity and onorgy getting to firoa than they do at thorn. Altogether the public is heartily disgusted with the firo brigades and their erratic and stupid perform ances. We want a few companies composed of strong, sturdy men, who will undertake to go through the regular drill, and who may bo relied upon bo act with firmness, courage, and intelli gence in timo of danger — not as we havo nt present, a disorganized army of inexperienced hobbledehoys, whoso intentions are no doubt ex cellent, bub who often do more harm than good. Readers of Boz will remember tho amusing description of tha parish engine. ' It came ap in gallant style — threo miles and a half an hour at least. Bang went the pumps — tho people cheered — tho beadle perspired profusely ; but unfortunately it was discovered just aB thoy were going to put the fire out, that nobody understood the process by which tho engine was filled with water ; and that eighteen boys and a man had exhausted bhomselves in pumping for twenty minutes without producing tho slightest ?- effect.' Of course such things never happen in Sydney. ?; Everybody knows that there are heaps of money in tho Treasury, and it is now considered the corroct thing to ' get at' the Government in every conceivable manner. Next to going in for contracts and getting the Government to buy your land, rail and tramway accidents are about tho beat paying concerns a man can drop into, that io if ho does not. sustain permanent injuries. Wot long ago a worthy citizen eteppod from a tram with his accustomed gracefulness, but for some reason instead of alight ing ao uoual on his feet ho came a cropper, and hurt himself considerably. All.lough covered with dust, confusion, and hruiuep, tho citizen ab onco grasped tho impor banco of the situation, and with the eye of a philo sopher saw that his seemingly unlucky fall would after all bo tho means of giving him a big rise in the world. ' I'll inako the Government pay for this,' was all tho crushed man said while lie wan boing swept together and convoyed homo ; and as ooon an he could hop around tho city he began looking up a number oi' poroons who had witnessed his sensational acrobatio performance, with a view of commonc ing proceedings against the Government. The convalescent was congratulated by several friends upon hio good luck, and one morning just as ho wao counting quite a yarrlful of unhatchod chickono ho received a eumiiiona from the police court, requesting him to attend and show cause why ho should not bo punished for jumping off bho tram while it. wao in motion. This was a sur prise for our friend, who had never looked at tho ciiso in that light. Tho tram has since lout its attraction for Mr. Donebrown, who is now A threepenny 'bus young man. BBLPHEGOR. 