THE TRAVELLER. SPAIN AND THE SPANIARDS. A NIGHT WITH CERVANTES. it is close oil toe Hour when churchyards yawn and when graveB rive up their dead when, on a light moonlight night, I straggled into the patio of my hotel, where a naked cupid, with widely distended cheeks, stand ing in the centre of a marble font, iB squirt ing from its puckered tnouth a crystal jet of i water, which sparkles in the silvery light with thebrilliancy of the stars above; drip, drip, I drip goes the pearly liquid, as it falls into tne pool beneath; and that is the only sound which- breaks the deathlike stillness. I mount the broad, haunted-looking staircase, groite my way along a dismal corridor, and gain my sepulchral room, just as the gua.rd.ia, in the street below, in a quaint costume of the sixteenth century, a wooden rattle by his side, and a short spear like a javelin in his hand, shouts out in stentorian tones, which echo far and wide over the housetops—" Los doce y Sermo !" " 12 o'clock, and a fine night." Now, from my earliest youth I had always looked upon the hour of midnight with a certain amount of superstitious awe, and my first impulse is to glance undcT my bed to see I whether the grim skeleton of Warn ha is 1 hiding there ; for it occurs to me that this is just the night that the modest barbarian would be likely to be abroad, and this is just the jovial hour, too, when he would be likely to invite me to join him in a convivial game I of " kuucklc-bones," or some such skeleton like pastime. Bui His Gothic Highness is fortunately von inventus; so I throw open the barred window, and let the pale moonlight ! stream upon the cadaverous countenances of I the gamboge and black-paint saints, who stare benignly down from the whitewashed walls, and watch my every movement with their bleared, pious-looking eyes. Even these canvas nonentities seem to keep me company ; for, the fact of the matter is, I feel somewhat lonely. I have, in truth, had a very hard day of it; for, since the first streak of dawn, I have been scouring the knubbly streets of Toledo, creeping into every church, slinking round every ruined convent, gazing at the wonders of the Cathedral, and at the beauties of the Alcaza, admir ing the Moorish gateways, exploring the ramparts, and literally feasting and sur eiting my mind with the antiquarian wonders that crop out at every corner of this quaint old citadel, like laud marks in the sea of time. But, more than that, I have dined sumptuously with a blue blooded Cast ilian Hidalgo, in hispalatial casa. hard by the Plaoa Zocodorer, where there were many soft, dark eyes to grace the board, and where the cavaliers smoked their perfumed cigarettes as they chatted and whispered soft airy nothings to their fair companions between the courses, which were as numerous as the wines were excellent. But here comes the rub. I have only just awakened to the fact that I have eaten enormously, smoked consumedly, talked iinmcusl.v, and taken just one petit bcrrc de trop. Those fiery, high - flavoured, full - bodied Siginish wines, that siiarkliug man zanilla, that nutty Xercs, that creamy Ma loga, and a host of others, almost thick enough to cut with a knife, and strong enough to steal away the brains of a giant, have proved just a wee bit too much for me ; not that the effects haveproduccd thesiightest aberration of intellect, nor the least oscilla tion in my usual gait. On the contrary, I could go at once into differential caculus, get over the pons asinorum blindfolded, or walk a tight-rope, and I would even uuder takc to tui-n a back somersault, body and boots, into my bed at once if I Ouly thought I could sleep, but, as a matter of fact, I am not tired. I don't beliove I could gape if I tried; I only feci, as old dowagers say, who pride themselves on their activity, "over fatigued." I feel, in reality, iu a state bordering on collapse, and yet I seem as if I would like to plunge into, some exciting pastime—some thrilling adventure—only I am at a Iobs where to look either for the one or for the other. I gase wistfully out of the window, and thee down the deserted streets, where the dark shadows of the fantastic houses shift and dodge about like phantoms iu the moonbeams, and where the hideous monsters forming the waterspouts of the ponderous roofs glare at me with their big stony eyes. I saunter moodily about the room, count the tiles on the floor, wink and blink at the saints, aud contemplate rever entially the small crucifix in yellow breccia above my bed, and then I think that I would give anything, including my stove-pipe hat aud best suit of store clothes, to be able to turn into my downy couch, and cool my heated brain by courting the soft embrace of refreshing slumber. But O miic recordia! the mere thought of nature's sweet restorer seems to keep me wide awake. There is a small alcove beside my bed, where stands a bottle or two of good old Malaga wine and a couple of hom drinking cups of a very prhnitiveamake. The wiue I had specially selected for me by the saffron-skinned waiter of this establishment, who, by - the - by. calls himself Francisco de Paula Gonzales, and swears by all the saints and martyrs in the calendar that oue of his ancestors was Lord of the Scullion to Boabdil the Moor. To crack one of those bottles and swallow its contents would be the work of an instant; it would, I know, be like ^deling fuel to tire ; but then it would settle me one way or the other. The resolvo is made, and I gulph down a cupful which tastes like nectar fit for the gods. Another cup is filled to the brim, and 1 raise it to my lips, but I make another resolve and dash it to the fround, and the red liquor flows over the oor like blood. Why drown the intellect, that wonderous faculty which the Creator has given us to separate us from the brute creation, and especially from our Darwinian brothers the anthropoid apes! I give the rude horn cup a kick which sends it rattling with a hollow sound to the other end of the room, and as 1 do so my eyes wander upwards to a shelf above my head, where I see what I at first take to be a copy of the Bible—an offspring as it were of one of those enormous missals 1 had beheld in wonderin the choir of the Cathedral only the day before. There is better food for the mind here I opine, and as I bake it carefully from its restingplace, a gigantic spider darts across my hand and causes a cold shiver to run all over me. The ponderous book appears to be covered with the accumulated dust of centuries; but I wipe it carefully with the tails of my dress coat, and placing it upon the small round table in the centre of my apartment, and seating myself in an armchair large enough to contain the Prince Bishop of Toledo in all his robes, I glance at the first page to read the magic words DON QUIXOTE DE LA MANCHA. (BookL PabtL Chapter I. Yes, old, dusty, and musty,bound ina cover ofcoarseleather lashed together with bigbrass clasps done in pure Castuian, and filled with grotesque wood cuts, this history of the knight of the sorrowful figure has a mellow original Spanish look about it truly refresh ing to my overheated fancy. The very name of Don Quixote acts with talismanic power, and a thousand pleasant visions flit before the mind and recall those happy boyhood days when I read the thrilling adventures of the grand old Don with every particular hair standing on end. I had always longed to meet the lank grim champion of Spanish chivalry in his own country, and here he is depicted to the life in the graphic language of the Castilian tongue. "Down in a village of La Mancba there lived, not long ago, one of those gentlemen who usually keep a lance upon a rack, an old target, a lean horse, a greyhound for coursing, a dish of boiled meat consisting of somewhat more mutton than beef, the fragments served up cold on most nights, sneep chitterlings on Saturdays, lentils on Fridays, and a small jugeon by way of addition on Sundays, con sumed three-fourths of his income. The rest was laid out in a surtout of fine black cloth, a pair of velvet breeches for holidays with ruffles of the same, and on week days he prided himself in the very best of his own home-spun cloth. The age of our Hidalgo bordered upon fifty years. He was of a robust constitution, spare-bodied, of a meagre visage., a very early riser and a keen sportsman. But I cannot read more, the most bewildering fancies flit before me,-«I know nearly the whole history by heart, and, moreover, that last brimming cup of Malaga wine has clouded my sight. The very letters seem to iump up and down and dance all over the page, tne lines twist and twin about like snakes, the sentences run one into the other, the stops flash about in the most endless con fusion, and the notes of interrogation look like enormous fishhooks. I fell back as a last resource on the fantastic woodcuts, and here is one of the Don sitting up in hied with a Toledo bonnet upon his nead, lean and shrivelled, and suffering from the stabs and bruises after having been nearly killed with a pitchfork for upsetting the image of the Virgin in his desperate encounter with the White Penitents, Every line of the picture is clearly cut by some masterhand, and the chivalrous hero of La Mancha looks the very incarnation of dignified simplicity with his hollow lanthorn jaws, prominent arched eye brows, and with his big eyes looking out over a hawkbill nose that protrudes over a wide mouth, above which a long wiry moustache twists upwards like the horns of a bulL Here also is Sancho Panza, a short squat abdomi nous man, round-faced, flat-nosed, and wide mouthed, and with a pair of rogueish-lookiug eyes like a couple of black plums stuck into a pumpkin. Here likewise is the peerless Dulcineadel Toboso' in the eyes of her gallant knight a paragon of beauty, a mirror of gentility, and the acme of womanly grace; but unreality a buxom country wench,round offace and round of limb, and with as much refine ment as could be gleaned iu sifting oats and feeding pigs in a farmyard in wild La Mancna. Look, too, at the ragged knight striding about half-naked over the rocks in the Sierra Morrua, and behold the beautiful Lucinda, the wily priest, and master Nicholas the Barber, the raw-boned Bnzinante with a ridge on his back like a miniature mountain range side by side with Dapple the Ass, and likewise whole hosts of curious and adventurous characters inhabiting enchanted castles with hippogriphs, hobgoblins, and horrible winged monsters all curiously drawn and wonderouBly portrayed. But my brain is already becoming bewildered with the exciting scenes and strange episodes depicted with the vividness of life in the wonderful work before me, and I can see all the imaginary beings flitting about in the air, looking in at the window, bobbing in and out of the door, making hideous faces at me, and winking their goggle eyes and poking out their fiery tongues, ana just as I close the ponderous volume out of Bheer despair, and give vent to a terrific sigh which goes echoing round the room like aloud whisper, I see a spectral form rise suddenly up in mint of me. It is no hideous phantom like that of Womba—a musty, fusty skeleton, with a spiked iron crown on its skull, and a rusty sw ord by its side—but a ghost with a some what pious aud gentlemanly look about it. It appears, in fact, in the guise of a tall, keenly-knit man, with a thoughtful, melan choly face, classic features, big, dark eyes, and rich flowing hair, falling gracefully over a high, arched forehead, and with a pointed beard, and a pair of curling moustaches, twirling upwards over a well-cut mouth, while the shadowy outline of its attire be speaks that of an hidalgo of the fifteenth entury. An enormous frilled collar encircles the neck, a short cape falls from the shoulders over a close fitting doublet and knee breeches with stockings and buckled shoes, imparts to the spectral form a very comely aspect. Fixing its keen orbs full upon me they seem to pierce me through, ana I feel as if black cats were running up my lock, and I am about to intimate to the spiritural intruder that an Englishman's home is his castle; but suddenly remembering that I aiu in Spain, erst the land of chivalry and romance, least aside my callous insular notions, and, to make things as pleasant as possible, salute my strange visitor with a cordial" Burnas noches, Seilor Hidalgo," whereat the spectre stores acantly around, and seating himself in the chair in front of me, cocks one leg over the other in a somewhat nonchalant way. For a moment I feel at a loss what to do nexc, but awakening to the fact that hospitality as well as punctuality is the politeness of kings, I uncork another bottle of creamy Malaga, and, pouring out the blood-liquor, I invite be spectre to bebirumpoco vino—Anglicd, to ake a little wine—an invitation which it ccepts by a silent inclination of the head, rid as it raises the cup to its lips I can see. e red wine pass down its translucent hroat, and circulate all round about its transparent stomach. The effect of the glow ing liquid acta like magic upon the bloodless form, the face asumes a flesh-like tint, the eyes a sparkling luBtre, the lips a roseate hue; and imbued, as it were, with a new life, the spectre smiles pleasantly, and remarks in a silvery voice, as it points with its shadowy hand to the brass-bound volume at my elbow, " What think you, Seller CabaUero of 'Don Quixote de la Mancha ? " " One of the most original yet truthful characters ever conceived by mortal mind, and moulded into form by the masterhand of : genius," I reply. " This chivalrous, generous, undaunted, warm-hearted, nankeen-faced champion of knight-errantry, who left his home, mortgaged his estate, quitted ease and pleasure, threw himself into the arms of tortuhe to carry him whether ehe pleased, this selfconstitued redeemer of wrongs, this defender of manly honour, protector of damsels and guardian of female chastity, this tilter at windmills, who went through deserts and solitudes, through forests and over mountains in quest of perilous adven tures to gain a glorious and immortal fame by his knightly deeds: in fine, thiB wholesome builder-up of castles in the air, although nnique in many ways' is nevertheless no chemerical creation of the brain, and, although cradled in La Mancha, and bred up on the burning plains of Castile, the eccentric hair-brained Don is as much 2a citizen of the world as an heroic son of Spain. I have met this enchanted paladin in actual flesh and blood in every country under the sun and in every conceivable walk of life. I have fallen across bis pathway in the crowded cities of Europe, in the busy towns of America, on the deserts of Egypt, in the jungles of India, up.the broad rivers of China, amongst the mountains of Japan, and in the bush of Australia. It is true he was not always gaunt and grim, nor was his nose always aqualine, nor was he clad in armour and mounted on a raw-boned horse, and attended by a naunch-bellied squire, riding upon an ass. In reality, he varied much in outward form, but his character was at all timeB similar to that of the hero of La Mancha; the distorted mind was there—a mind capable of reasoning logically, and even profoundly, on certain points, and yet " dead insane" upon one particular idea—mad be yond measure on one particular line of thought, in fine, a hopeless monomaniac. "Again, just as we have in the pereon of Don Quixote no imaginary character, but a living breathing thing of every day existence, so in his eventful history we have the greatest achievement of Spanish literature. Who has not read and admired this most wonderful and renowned of Spanish works ? Who has not marvelled at the purity of its style, the beauty of its descriptions, and the delicacy of its satire ? It was written three hundred years ago, and yet even at this day there is no tale more popular, no history which affords more pleasure to readers of all ages, of all tastes, of all conditions, and of all nations. The whole character of the chival rous Don is so chastly drawn, the language in which his glorions achivements are set forth is so pure, that, no matter whether the work be read in the original or in the various renderings of all the languages of Europe, the transcendent power of graphic delineation of character evinced by the immortal author stamps this marvellous work as'a masterpiece of bnman genius." "Don't flatter me too ranch," replies the phantom with a modest air, " or you'll make me blush." " Pardon me," I ejaculate, " I don't seek to flatter you ghostly, Sir, I only speak in admiration of this wonderful offspring of a splendid mind." ~ " Precisely soadds the spectre, twirling up the' ends of his moustabhe, "but I'm the ghost of Don Miquel Cervantes!" At this moment a loud-tongued rooster in the potto below warbles forth to the tune of " cock-a-doodle-do," and as the first note of the shrill clarion breaks upon the ear a ray of sunlight shoots through the window, and with a wave of its hand and a polite " a Dios, Senor," the spirit of Cervantes vanishes into thin air. 