A THEATRICAL COMPANY IN A FI XJ Edwin Booth's company left New York recently for Waterbury, with the intention of playing " Richelieu" in the evening, but lost their baggage, comprising their wardrobe and properties, on the way. What was to be done I ai nan-past i tne tneatre was crowded J Punctually to time the curtain was raised, disclosing to the astonished audience Mr. Booth and the entire company in their ordinary travelling dress. Mr. Booth appealed to the audience apologetically, stated briefly the situation, and offered, instead of ''Richelieu," to get through the first three acts of " Hamlet," if they would overlook the " trifling " inaccuracies of costume. The applause with which this little speech was received testified to the good temper of the audience, and in a few minutes the play began. Horatio appeared in the first scene in a monkey-jacket and round felt hat; while Hamlet, in a cutaway coat, apostrophising his father's ghost, who was clad in light tweed trousers and stand-up collar, with a bold face, was something to re member. Miss Bella Pateman, as Ophelia, ap peared in a dark brown traveling dress, embellished at the last moment with a cloud of white lace purchased in a neighbouring store. Laertes wore a blue pilot suit, ana looked more like the captain of a river steamer, while Polonius looked eminently clerical in a 4black frock-coat, and, for lack of the necessary requisites, appeared without his traditional beard. There was no possibility of "making up " for the parts, and the King of Denmark, with a dark moustache, and dad in a forty dollar sporting suit, leoked like Bob Sackett, more on the spree than ever. The evening's entertainment concluded with "The Quiet Family," in which the Royal Court of Denmark again appeared under other names, but in the same costumes. From the applause with which the entertain ment was received, it was evident that the audience did not share the distress of the actors placed so unexpectedly in a position both embarrassing and novel. Very few com paratively asked for the return of their money, and the company left the town richer by a thousand dollars, netted by a perfohnanca which, lor originality, has perhaps been not equalled in this generation. 