FORTUNE'S FOOL.* A novel : bt jollan Hawthorn*. PART iil—PROSPERITY. Chapter XXXVIII. the branches of a tbee beach towards heaven, bdt its boots take hold upon the eabth. One grey dayt in the antnmn of the year, Madeleine Vivian iBBued from the door of the city mansion, with the interior of which the reader has already made acquaintance, and eet her faoe in a Bontherly direction. | *. The light of repnbUablng " Fortnoe'e Fool" bu been purchMed by the proprietors of" The Au*tr»l >•1 en. She was dressed in a close-fitting garment of sombre hue, matching the complexion of the weather; only that beneath her chin ap peared a glimpse of a crimBon bow, the rest of which waB concealed beneath her dress. She walked along at an even pace, as one who bnB a definite object in view, and paid no more attention to her environment than was sufficient to enable her to cbooae her course and to avoid collision with other people. PaaBing into Regent- Btreet, she traversed the length of that thoroughfare, without pausing to look into the Bhop-win dows | and arriving at Piccadilly, she crossed over into the Haymarket In front of the Haymarket Theatre placards were set forth, announcing the performance for that even ing ; and at these Madeleine glanced as she went by. Proceeding onwards, Bhe entered Parliament-street, and presently came to an open space within view of the river. A grey Gothic edifice, fronted with two lofty towers, upreared itself before her; Bhe entered it by a small door at the side, and found herself in the cool and shadowy hush of the lofty and Berene interior. Perhaps out of sympathy Twith the silent upward rush of the mighty arches, and the grey repose of the marble monuments, Made leine's bearing lost its preoccupation and hurry, and she moved slowly and saunter ingly along the vistaed aisle, lifting her eyes forward and aloft, and observing with con scious pleasure the illuminated splendour of the painted windows. Amidst the sublime encompaBBment of these aged walls, her spirit felt relieved and secure—more so than beneath the open infinitude of heaven So long aB Bhe might remain here, no i • irm could come to her. There, was comf' i 5 in the faint echo of her footsteps, reminding her that she was protected by the venerable Banctity of the last great religion of the world. The records of the dead were all around here, and in their company was peace. The { breadth of accomplished centuries lay be tween her and the noisy conflict of the un certain present; time had pursued her to the Abbey'b threshold, but had not over passed it. She breathed in freedom, and the teneion of her tboughtB relaxed. Compared with the antiquity of these steadfast pillars, her life was but as an hour in a great day ; soon it wonld be past, and soon forgotten. Let her fancy it already over, and hereelf a ghost, musing serenely over the fever of dead anxieties. For the comedy of existence is profounder than its tragedy. There were more than a few persons in the Abbey, although, owing to itB extent, it had the appearance of being practically empty. But by and bye, as Madeleine paced medita tively onward, she perceived that she had en tered a region which was secluded even amidst the omnipresent Beclnsion ; its Bole occupant being a quaint marble figure seated upon a pedestal against the wall. She stood with her eyes fixed upon this worthy, capti vated by the vacant solemnity of his expres sion, but careless to search out his name ; and had remained thns gazing for a minute or so, before becoming aware that Bhe was not so much alone as she had imagined. From a nook behind the base of one of the columns uprose a tall young man whom Madeleine immediately knew that she had Been before, thongb, iD the Btartled survey of the first moment, she could not remember where. Bis features were handsome and winning, bnt there was a remarkable pene tration in bis regard not deliberate, but his glance met here in such a way that she had a feeling of being looked into more deeply than she wished ; and this made her men tally shrink before him. He wore a kind of cloak-like garment on his shoulders, and held in his hand a broad-brimmed felt hat. His forehead was white, but the lower part of his face was tanned by the sua. After the first look, be smiled faintly and said— " I was wondering when I should see you again." " I remember you now," she returned. " You are the troubadour." The other was silent for a little, eyeing her attentively, but not in a manner that could offend her. " It's pleasant to see your face," he said, at length. " This is a fit place for you to be in. I almoBt knew you would be here." " I have been here only two or three timea in my life," replied Madeleine. " My coming is an accident—at leaBt Have you been in London ever since?" I was away for a long time. I have had changes." " And I, too." " Were they happy onfes?" " No. I don't khow, thongb. Perhaps they are happy. Are yours ?" she added, wiih a smile: " or would you prefer to be a trouba dour still ?" " 1 have more power than I need to have. But the world seems to have so little in it, that what one pereon gains some other loses. 1 should like every one to have as much as I have." ' It does not follow that you ehonld give up what is yours to others." " No; I nave a better right to it than they. Only I don't Bee how anything can really be mine, except what is in myself. All other things have belonged to other people before I waB born, and will go to othera after I am dead. Most of the trouble in the world seems to come from quarrels about such things, which belong to nobbdy. I&go; says, you know, that he who steals his good name is the only real thief. • It's a puzzle. What ought I to do "Why do you ask me that?" demanded Madeleine, with an impulse of surprise that was not unpleasarable. Indeed, it was scarcely surprise at all. Her meetings with this young man had been in each instance so unconventional and romantic that she bad begun insensibly to feel as if they stood in an exceptional relation as regaraed each other. They could talk together in terms and on subjects not otherwise available. In her ^imagination he • figured as a sort of abstract ox ideal being; eminently hand some; strange and gentle of address; mys terious in origin and circumstances, with a mystery which she instinctively wished should remain unsolved; and able, perhaps, to afford her a sympathy and comprehension which were the more worth having because ,they were given on, go to say, immaterial and impersonal grounds. They met ai spirits might meet, regarding things in their essence, ana apart from accidental or particular con> ditions. Such a relation, to a worldly adviser, would appear full of danger and impropriety : and it was partly owing to her recognition of this that Madeleine had hitherto refrained from speaking of her unconventional ao* quaintance to anyone, even to Bryan. Sha was inwardly conscious of a purity and value in this relation which would be profaned bp communicating its existence to any third per* Bon whatever. When, therefore, her companion appealed to her for counsel, she felt a thrill of sur« prised pleasure. It was a sign that he re* garded her in the same light that she did him —that her reading of the situation had not been at fault. And though she replied with "Why do you ask me that?" she foreboded the nature of his answer even while she spoke the words. Be began, however, in a manner which seemed somewhat foreign to the point " I never was taught any religion," he said.' " To be out of doors was the only religion I knew; beautiful days, and storms, and dark* ness used to give me the feeling that means God. But when 1 saw that picture of your face in the gold locket, itBeemed all 1 wanted to make me a man. I thought of it all my life afterwards, and whenever I did anything false or unkind, it made me ashamed. At; last, when I met you, you were even mora than 1 had looked for. If you are not my re* ligion, 1 don't know what else can be. I wish to do nothing that you would think badly of, and I don't care who else thinks badly of it. When I am in doubt or trouble, you will come, like an angel, and show me what to do ; or the thought of you will tell me, if you are not there." This speech — which has been written rather as it remained in Madeleine's memory than literally aB it was uttered—had nothing of personal p&SBion; in it. The toue was even less that of a lover than the phraseology. Ik was the tone of grave and spontaneous homage, in which no bodily, but only a spiritual, emotion had place. Yet to Made* leine it did not seem profane. A lovely woman doeB not put such fixed limits to the influence of ber loveliness as not to admit the possibility of their indefinite enlargement. Why might Bhe not be to some man as his religion ? She might thereby help him, with out detriment, Burely, to her own soul. The world is full of symbols; why might she not be to this man the symbol of whatsoever he considered good? She must always be, in deed, far less good than he esteemed her; but in so far as she could lead him iu lofty paths, she would tend to become what he believed her to be. To her mind, at the present juncture, one main charm of tbe idea lay in its freedom from the conditions of ordinary affection as between man and woman. Her human love lay else where, and was absorbing enough—ambigu oub enough, too, in its possible issues and con tin gencies; but this was something on another level, and of different significance. Jt was purely ideal and symbolical, and therefore void of peril and offence. Of all tbe rtits she had ever imagined for herBelf, this seemed the worthiest and most ex hilarating. "If I advise you," she said, "you must take what I say only as something that yon might have read perhaps, and that could be meant for yon only in so far as it was trae. And of coarse yon mast be the judge whether it is true or not. As to what yon asked me, 1 think you ought to keep what is yours, if it came to you not less honestly than worldly possessions in general come to people. It may not be yours in the sense that your thoughts and feelings are; but it is more yourB than mine, for instance; and it is your duty to take care of it, and to use it— not selfishly or hurtfully—but iu the way that Beems to you beBt and wisest. If yon have money and power, you should make them felt for some good purpose; you should not throw tbem away for others, who might be less honest than you, to pick up." " But if 1 knew some other person, who deserved it as much as I, ought I not to give it up?" inquired he, raising his eyes, which had been fixed on the gronnd. to her face. " No; there ie something sacred in luck," Madeleine replied, with a sigh. " It cornea and goes without our help, and we know not for what purpose, like the godB of old time. You must not interfere with its whims, though eometimes it corses when it seems to bless, and sometimes its blessings are a curse. I suppose we shall understand it afterwards. It is your luck to be rich, and mine to be poor, and perhaps we may both be the happier for it. But if we are not, still it is luck, and unbappinesB may be best for us. Bow can we know ?" " But may not luck be an evil god, instead of a good one, and mean to destroy us, even when seeming kipd ?" Ab he spoke, a silver, bell-like sound began to make rhythmical music somewhere in the depths of vaulted space above their heads. It was the clock, striking the hour of noon. To Madeleine it bronght the recollection of an engagement which it was strange she should have forgotten even for a moment. "I must go!" she said abruptly, and making a motion to depart Then she paused and turned to him once more. "It is more likely that you should see me again than that I should see you," she added. "1 wish you well." She gave him hex baud* which he grasped, ana Immediately reliu* . quished. " Perhaps," she concluded, " I may some day need your help more than you can h ever need mine." " If my help is all you need, you need never fear," he answered. Without more jrorda they parted, he remaining where he was, and she passing out of his sight amidst the 1 clustered pillars of the aisle. He had listened to hiBBetmon, and if there were somewhat ,, less of divine wisdom in it than he waaj|S§~ to imagine, it had at all events beendeliyetM with as much goodwill aa la generally1 tbh* accompaniment of orthodox » pulpit die-., coutaea. ! '(ii-^ i.-' ■■■■■■. Madeleine, meanwhile,* had hetakeh her* •elf to the end of the •outh'tteneepVw* " was a amall doorway protected hp * W Pushing aaide the lattery ate entered, •toed within a pleasant tu diMeiy' closed space, whose walls were peopled with ! the busts ot some of the most famous men of i modern times, and of Beveral who were per- ; baps not so famoas. Nevertheless, ® ™or® august company has not often been gathered • together within such socially narrow limits. ; Two or three persons were lingering about the place, staring up at the marble counte nances, which stared back with the unaeeinz gaze which characterises BtatueB even more than people of fashion and idiots. As Made leine paused near the entrance, looking for some one who did not appear, she felt a touch upon her arm, and turning round, beheld Bryan Sinclair, in very accurate morning costume, with a Bilk hat iu one hand, and an ebony cane in the other. His aspect in other respects was alert but 8C" Come and sit down on this bench," he said "'Here we have me Ben Jonson to watch over us. Yon are a good child to be so punctual. Did you have any difficulty about getting away ?" "No. Well—tell me! . "Just what we expected. The decision ib in his favour." , Madeleine kept very quiet, folding her bauds in her lap, and looking straight beiore k6" Then I am not the heiress of Castle mere ?" ehe finally said. " No: bnt yon're the heiress of a great genius, which is better. For my own part, now that it's all over, I would not have had it otherwise. If you had remained an heiress, yon never would have been an actresr except in private life, which is dangerous mad unprofitable. Now, you will have the whole world at your feet; whereas in the other case you would have had only a section of English society. And as for_tbe money part of it, you can make as macn a~ yon can conveniently get rid of, and save something to found a hospital ^tth after wards. What more do you want " I want a great deal more," returned Madeleine in a low voice. "Why, you insatiable little monster! How €0 j " I want to be sore that yon love me, and will be true to me. No, I don't half trust you Bryan; you have got my heart, but not my head. If my heart were dead I believe my head would hate you." '• Your heart wiil outlive the rest of yon, I^ope it will!" said Madeleine, with thoughtful emphasis. Anon, with a sigh, she roused herself and added,' ion must tell me the particulars." , " Furelv legal technicalities. The judge complimented your side on not raising any factitious obstacles. He said if the matter had come to a regular trial, with appeals and so forth, it might have lasted uU the end of the century, but could have had only one ending, when it did end. He gave that thief Caliper a slap in the face for ratting, but 1 must do Caliper the justice to eay that he looked as if he enjoyed it The whole busi ness was over in an hour or so. I don t suppose forty thousand a year ever changed hands so quietly since the world began. And to that an ounce of lead, in the right place, might have ontweighed the whole of it!" . T j " Was the person—was the present Lord Castlemere there ?" inquired Madeleine, after another meditative pause, " He turned up for a few minutes. " What kind of a man is he?" Bryan hesitated, glancing at her from the oorner of his blue eye. At length he said, " From what I saw of him, I should say that be was a commonplace little chap, under my height, with a crook in his back, and a long sallow face, with spectacles. He was dressed like a monkey on a hand-organ, and alto gether looked not unlike one." Here Bryan chuckled, as if at the graphic truth of the portrait he had drawn. " I don't fancy you would care to adopt Uncle Arthur's sugges tion as regarded that fellow," be finished by remarking. Madeleine shuddered slightly. " I could a8 soon think of marrying any other man, while you are alive, as I could if I were already your wife. And yet I know you will live to make me miserable. There is a tragic time before us." Bryan laughed. " You will be too much interested in your stage tragedies to indulge in tragedies off the stage. Yon treat me abominably. I should be indignant—if I knew bow to be iudignant with you. iou would be kinder to me if you didn't know how helplessly I am your slave. In modern life, when Juliet loses her income, Romeo gives her np. Bnt my constancy, you see, is superior to the freaks of fortune. I am reduced to eulogise myself, since you won t do it." . , , . " My love has nothing to do with eulogies. I suspect you most because you are careful to show me only yonr best Bide. But no matter; we shall be together for better or worse. Yon may not love me very mnch, Bryan, but you cannot do without me; you can love no other woman so well. If you could, no pity for me would prevent you. Ah me! what a fool I am to be so wise. Well, what is to be done ? Have you made any plans ?' " Plenty of 'em ; and I'm ready to carry them oat Of course you know that your income under the new will is sufficient to live on comfortably; and yon wiU be aUowed to occupy the old honee as long as you like. But my notion is, the sooner you are away from London the better. You can't begin anything here. Yonr friends would swamp yon with advice and objections. You must break away from all that and come to Pans. You have an immense advantage in being as much French as you are English. You can trmir« your dtbut and confirm your reputation on the French stage. After that, your English friends will be glad enough to be permitted to idolise you. Yon will need very little pie 8station; you have been through more train jg already than half the great actresses of omtime. AbI not obb of ttom had buf yout natural materials to start with. You mil rnkke them forget Rachel." _ was listening with a more vivid expression than heretofore. Subtle move ments passed through her. Her eyes opened and brightened, and her lips worked softly frrfrmt each other. She drew her breath more deeply, and her bosom visibly rose and Ml " It will be worth while!" she murmured; »' it wiU he worth everything! I can be.happy in that O. Bryan, we may be happy after lYii When I am famous, you will be con tent with me. I shall be west for yonr Babe. I have never been myself yet! Yon dont * r what I can be! Bnt how csn I go to S°>Swec? SfeFhande''togXher"'"firmly, I am a woman to RESBSEf mads mysuooess, t i£afci mi BP*® "P*1 otJ^" home, whom the public has no concern with, j Pride of that kind ia not worth the breath j you give to it. How could you get along in j Paris, and going to rehearsals, if you had no j ' Mrs.' to fall back on ?" . i " Kate Roland will come with me. ! " Has she said so ?" „ | " She knowB nothing of my intention. j " And ehe'll be certain not to approve of it, ! when she does kuow. She is dead againBt j me, too. If you apply to her there will be ; mischief. Annt Maria would do better.* " You know Annt Maria is not her right self. Ever since last summer ehe has hardly seemed to know what she was about She talks as if ehe were a young girl, sometimes, 1 and as if she were expectiug some lover to : come for her. Poor old auntie ! No; it would be worse than useless to have her, | even if she could come." " Humph ! I wish ehe could have kept , her wits about her for a few months longer. , She was the only one of them who was on my side. What conld have upset her " Annt Gertrude says it was the shock of bearing that I was to lose the estates. But Annt Gertrnde never tells the truth; _and I think it must have been something different. L'ncle Arthur has been to see Aunt Maria very often; he hardly ever used to come before. But ehe certainly cannot come with me to Paris. It must be Kate Rolaud, or , nobody." ! Bryan tapped his cane slowly npon the etone pavement. " Then I should vote for nobody !" he remarked. " I know what you mean, Bryan ; you are making me choose between you and Kate. Vou want her out of the way, because you can neither bully her nor deceive her. She sees what yon are—and so do I, too: only I love you, and she does not. Yes, my darling," ehe went on, a wave of sad passionateness surging through her voice and brimming in her eyes, " I know, in my heart of hearts, that you are not good ; that you are rained and desperate, in eooI if not in fortune. And if I cared a rush for my Bel f, I would leave you now, and never see you again. But ail that is too late now. I had the opportunity last summer, and I would not take it—I made poor Stanhope go and bring yon back. And 6ince then yon have kept Kate and me apart all you conld ; you would make us enemies if you could. But yon may put away anxiety, if yon have any. I am yours ! I will leave every one for you. If yon wish me evil, yon shall have the chance to do it. Bat I tell yon, Bryan," she continued, in a more majestic and victorious tone, "that before the end comes, I will make yon feel what it is to have been loved by a woman like me! Yon shall feel that I am worth more than all the world to you 1 And if yon have ever done me wrong, in that time yon will wish that yon might sell your soul to pat it right again!" " Well done, Madey!" mattered Bryan, looking at her broodingly from beneath his red eyebrows. " There is more stuff in yon than there is in me, I verily believe; though I call myself second to no man. Yon can make my blood born; and npon my word, yon can make me wish I was a better man— or a worse one!" He gave a short laugh. " I have had visions of rocks ahead of na, too. And if you knew—what you may know, one of these days—perhaps you'd flinch from it. Come, I'll give yon one more chance. Get up and go oat of that door, and I'll give my word never to pnt eyes on yon again. Off with you i" i After a moment's pause, Madeleine sud denly rose to her feet Bryan started ; bat then, crashing himself back npon the bench, he remained rigidly immovable, looking j straight before him. Bat, after a little while, as Madeleine still remained standing near him, he looked ap at her. She was smiliDg. " Axe yon going ?" he said, harshly. " Not without yon," she replied, smiling afresh. " Sit down again," he said ; and when Bhe had complied, he added, " Give me yoar hand." She pnt her hand in his. " Now, Madeleine," he continued, " you belong to me. If there's any meaning in marriage, yon are my wife. We're in church ; and here are Ben JonBon and Shakspeare, to witnesB the act. Yon have given yourself to me, for better or worse. Whatever other ceremony may be performed over us in the future, will be only a repetition of this, with out the meaning that this has. I gave you your chance fairly. You have thrown your eelf away. Ill never give you the length of ■ your little finger again. WThat have you got to say about it f' She bent forward, and looked him in the eyes. " I am not afraid of you, Bryan," she said. " My darling, there is nothing in me that shrinks from you. You cannot take me, 80 much as I give myself to you. I have more strength to give than you have to receive; it is yon who will be afraid of me, at last. Poor boy—poor fellow! Ah, I love you ! This great iron hand of yours is not so power ful as my heart." The stray visitors had pasBed out of the Poet's Corner, and left the young lady and gentleman to themselves. For as much aB an hour, perhaps, the poets and they had their privacy undisturbed. When, at length, the latter emerged into the body of the church, they passed down the great aisle lingeringly, arm-in-arm. But on reaching the open air they parted, and went different ways. 