CAXJLriSLD CONSIDERA TIONS. No. T.— First Day. The Guineas, Foal Stakes, and Minor Events. As over and over again remarked— until one feels inclined to rub up Ids scUoolbot Latin, and to quote vtque ad nauteam— there ie noihi-ig more difficult or more unsatisfac- tory for a sporting serine than to attempt sound advice, or reasonable tip, when there is iift a sufficient line afforded him bj a com plete list of starters and reliable market operations. It is true that these drawbacks cann»l be pleaded in respect to the event first named above, and which i regarded bv racing men as the must important and nwif. interesting item on nest S durday's pro gramme. for the Caidfield Guineas hs« tieen reduced to a score of acceptors, and nlreadv has throe prominent favourite© ; but as fur the other races on the card for tbe opening afternoon, there is nothing to guide a critic or a prophet but " his own xreet will." Consequently, as my firm belief is that tlie riding public do not care for a long rigma role, unlet there be something to sermonize about, the present 'Cons;deratums,,areoffhe condensed order, there being little to dilate upon. Next week, howerer, when the numerous field engaged in the valuable and puzzliue Cauifield Cup will have to be reviewed, arid there may be some probable clue to (lie thirty or forty nags likely to sport silk out of the hundred and thirty-two nominated — a more extended article will be necessary in order to draw compsrisous and form conclu sions. As obeerred elsewhere, a serious error has been committed in not having forfeits for the Cauifield Cup declared at leutt t fort night before the commencement of the meet ing, inasmuch as owner© and backers arc now alike in the dark touching general intentions Tlie fear «if there beinetoo large a field — and therefore the chances too great against getting well away, or boring a way through the ruck —has militated greatly anent the spirited speculation which ought to have been in dulged on a mile and a half rue© for so rich a monetary prize, with the added attraction of Mr. Blackwood1© 200 guineas G'lld Cup. But this is "an aside," and I will therefore proceed at once to ma' e a few di«cureive re marks, and hazard Tips, on tbe items of the First Day's Curd. "the selltng race is an event which it is never sensible to argue about, for it ha» become a palpable truism that, unless a stable can succeed iu barking their entry at a prire, and for an amount, wnicl) piye, horec nominated for ni?. or a song, will either not start or nut "spiel." Consequently, with these "rights reserved," asauthorsand publisher any, would my pick be Kanaka or The Ghost. Then comes the FlKsr HURDLE RACE, with 23 horses in it (on paper), although barely half-a-dozen have any chance of winning, if all were tn slurt, and not. one of the lot backed fur a shilling at the moment of writing. Consequently, being left to my own res-'Uroe ami therefore faking- the op-rative lion uf "Th" nn niory of the pnto" a© my role clue, I ahull take h bijt weight and a light w©raht fur ©©lections — viz.— Rhtsuu or Meiry Maid. No iofiTuratn'U has re-fheri me whether ith>r ie fit, or intended ; but I r«collert the eioEular meeting of the pair at Cauifield lxr>t Auk'U-t; and tbe impression left on my mind i© that both should he well in it again under the differ'-m conditions they Are likely tn ruu t hi- time, if they do run, iu»ted of a mer© being made by lb© mar of the tiffin tiitig aud a needless (struggle by (be gelding at th© fiui-h. To pick nut. a good thing f»r the GREAT FOAL STAKE 3 ie somewhat lik— trying tofiodtt'eprnrrbial nc'-dle iu a but. die uf I ay, for only & me f>>ur ur five out uf the teuty-utie two y> ar-uld© I- ft iu have vet appeared io public, and uot one uf these ha jet <l caught a ©wallow. ' H-'uever, a M'. BLcklerV fitly by Country- niKii rhaptd »>ll in Ad-laide, end practice ! hi. imuieiiMi rdvauiage for yuungsiere, I feel inclined «» plaue jfis B i . . . . 1 Wii-"ns beat 2 When this happy-go-lucky apart is over, we bate the CAULFIELD GUINEAS, and for tbt© auppused clue to lie V.R.C. Derby there are twob©avily backed colts aud h tairly suppor'ed filly— i.e., Fryiupm, Guerawork. aud Uvula. Probably bvfure the fl vg falls, a deiuoLetralfun may be made io favour uf Mirtakeo, or Truneferrril, or Sai 'Uara, or C«tm«, or the lot «>f tbem ; but to tbe )>est uf uy j.idgmeut there are only two tn tin- mile traiiop, and I shall irive ibeir puniUuDS at uie judae'a chair to be— Guesswork 1 Frying Fhu 2 Anything 3 There is no <luuii that Frying Pan lias been eho-ingsoiue capuul work at Fieuiingioti, and beating the watch held agoiurt hitn bcrcr.tl times ; but he always goes clone, being uf a fretful disposition, aul though never so fit before, or si worth backing I doubt bis runniug in public up to private form. Guesswork is ais of rat-her a fractious temperament, but the dead-bent lie ran for eecoud with Navigator fur the M.iriuyrrioug Plate— both under the whip— aud Ins subsequent gaine finish at Go'long, 6how that be possess©? the needful pluck whilst his eupri>ingly fast time in the Adelaide Derb proves that with 51b. lees up, and a half a mile iess to travel, he ©iiouid oe able to "fly the course." Moreover, he baa landed without a scratch, and should assuredly be sufficiently recovered from bis voyage not to (eel a mile. Hecla, beautiful tiliy as she is, and grsudly as she is bred, cunuot carry weight, and struggle under it, so well a» either of these coll©, wad there fore sbe is no faucy of mine on this occasion. Transferred is oae of trie sort who does not run up to trials ; but Mistaken bus evinced good qualities, aud tuay be found in a prominent place. 1 expect the mile to be covered — provided the weather ami ground be favourable — in about the quickest, time ever done iu Australia under the circum stances. TUE CHALLENGE STEEPLECHASE, being for geutleiuau jocks, experience telle us that the riders have nearly as much to do with tbe result as t he horse, and my vole is for Erin or Chanakt tbe former for choice, if he hare tbe services of one of tbe young Messrs. Glasscock, though uufortunately the eldest brother© broken arm beeps bim out of tbe saddle. THE TOORAK HANDICAP concludes the sport, and also concludes my lips. There are forty entries, and eo large a proportion of them are ttl-o nominated fur the Cauifield Cup that it is safe to calculate scarce a fourth will see the post. Moreover, some of tbose who do strip will prubabiy only be "out for an airiug," and 1 shall therefor© take a trio to furnish the winner, two of whom, at. any rate, are pretty sure to face tbe flag These three are Larpent, Heorcw, and Gwsalier ; ami, as iigut-weigiite are my advice on so circular a course, my recom mendation is Gttalier or Hebrew ... 1 Larpeut 2 THE CAULFIELD CUP, As before observed, shall receive careful con sideration at my hands next Wednesday ; but in the meantime I venture to present the following sis, out of the eix soure still in, as likely to furnish the eventual " hero of the occasion '—ond they are given iu.the order ofatbeir Hative weights, viz. (fuestiovik Ba>,tu ckw LittieJoek Burd&yxg; JhuguUlon 