[?] Watbr 4s. per cask at Temora. Svsbiakb advancing upon Mcrr. 938 people at the Museum on Sunday afternoon. 16,000 people at the cricket match on Saturday. ? ?Wattls-plastdto to he commenced in Victoi ja. A Mahojocbdah Messiah to appear next November. Au. the Orient's meat and butter in splendid condition. Stbaksbs plying again between Wilcannia and Adelaide. Tee Lachlan almost ceased running. Wntpr thipV'atiH ulimv Sib Henbt Faxxxs entertained by the Lotus Club in New York. Thb population of Sydney and subuibs, finally corrected, stands Tbahway line from Camden to Camperdown to be opened early in March. Bib Excexxbhcx of Victoria shot 160 rabbits at Glenormiston «n Monday last. Sib Hbvxt is not at all proud : he will accept the hospitality of the Marquis of Lome. Mr, Tkigg, founder of the Congregational Church in Western Australia, is dead, aged 91. Mubbay Bridge at Albury to be erected by New South Wales, . 'Victoria paying half the cost. 3663 visitors at the Art Gallery, Inner Domain, last week— «? Borke's Drift' very attractive. Thb first match, of the Australian Eleven will be with the Uni Tcrsity of Oxford on the 15th May. Capsaiv Hxxbx Wbbbsb, late of the Ocean (s.J, has been appointed to command the Zealandia. Aubtbia and Germany doing big business in iron and steel. Only commercial business at present, A pabeengbb's' trunk picked up bearing the name Sobraon. 'Was that also sent overboard as useless t Mb. Whitblaw Rbid, editor of the New Fork Tribune, presided at the Lotus Club banquet to Sir Henry Parkes. Mb. Guldbtojtb can have nothing to do with any Home Rule proposals that necessitate a Parliament in Dublin. Gold discovered at Indigo Creek, near Bruthen, Gippsland, Victoria, close to the New South Wales boundary. 8n» British Yeoman cleared from Newcastle with 2850 tons of coal, the largest cargo yet shipped from that port. The Archbishop in Moecow urges the Czar to come out. Will his Grace ride beside his Majesty through the streets 1 Female children are still eaten as dessert in Australia— at least co Bays a correspondent of the Port Augusta Dispatch. PtravES, the second jockey injured at Marong races, has died in Sandhurst hopital. Two men's lives for one day's sport. Cajtaih Hsnby Chevalier, after being five years in command «f the B.M.S. Zealandia, has obtained leave of absence. The latest use of electricity is to 6tupefy bees while stealing their honey. A shock keeps them quiet for a long time. A codfish, 1201b. in weight, caught in the Murray. A 9-lb. fish hooked first, and the big fellow swallowed the little one. It is said that a respectable young man has been blackballed by a Melbourne Bowing Club for no other reason than that he is a Jew. Thb Nemesis (e.) failed to see the wrecked barque Romeo. Supposes she must have backed off and gone down in deep water. Two youths became inflamed with the doctrine of the Domain preacher on Eunday last, and proceeded to fight about it. Joined 10s. each. The peculiarities of the Australian coast. ' I thought it was a fog bank till I saw the white foam breaking on it, ' said Captain Berry, of the barque Borneo. A MttACLB at Mount M'Donald. A miner fell 50 feet down a chart and struck another bending over a drill, and the drill did not go through either of them. Ik New Caledonia, for the hanging of four women, two of them until insensible, one of them cut down in time only to save her from death, the penalty inflicted is 8s. TnrB, 11.30. Party on pavement to party on verandah: 'If yon lower down the liquor nnd I drink it herq it will not be break ing the Act.' How would it stand J Thb barque Sir William Wallace returnedto Keppel Bay, having uncounted a hurricane, lost a boat and a man, and sprung a leak. The crew refused to proceed. 'What moral ? The board found at Portland Beach marked 'Sobraon' is supposed to be the headboard of that vessel, a piece of ornamen tation set up in port and discarded at 6ea. Hib Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer sat in Divorce on Tnesdav, and made a decree nisi in Norton v. Norton against the corespon dent Hopford. In Ilawdon v. Bawdon a decree nisi was made absolute. In Bully v. Bully a decree nisi wasmade tor dissolution «f marriage. A tovkg woman named Davies has recovered a verdict for £20 damages against the Melbourne CityCouncil, for injuries resulting from a sprained ankle through tripping in a hole in the asphalt pavement. And yet it has been said that all the pavements of Melbourne arc smooth. Thai the closing of the bars on Sunday is a blessing to all, there is not the slightest doubt; and the leading hotclkecpers tell us that they are very well satisfied with the clause in the .Act which puts an end to Sunday trading. A tea* set for rabbits at Bridgewater secured the following ?victims : — Opossum, ring-tail opossum, native cat, domestic cat, dog, tiger-cat, lizard, bloodsucker, crow, magpie, woodpecker, wren, eaglehawk, plover, hen, water-rat, platypus, bandicoot, mouse. The black superintendent at Maloga writes to the committee of the Protection Society in Sydney ?— ?? Do you think it would be any use for 30 or 40 of the men to come to Sydney and represent their own case to the Government 1' Imagine 50 blacks as a deputation. The chance given by TJlyett on Monday is thus described by a correspondent :— ' Ulyctt elded the ball. Coulthard stripped, went into the pavilion, took a bath, shaved, absorbed a ' long sleever,' dressed, took two or three turns round the ground, and then— missed it.' Thb diamond drill recently at work at North Shore is in course «f erection at Bandwick Asylum, to put down a bore in search of 'Water. It is expected the drill will be at work in the course of a lew days. Appliances are being provided to bore at a depth of 1000 feet, if so required. A dispatch has been received from the Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies intimating that her Majesty has empowered Dr. Richard Erauel to act as Consul- General for the German Xmpire tor Australia, including New Zealand, Tasmania, and Fiji islands, to reside in Sydney. Thb Government steamer Dispatch arrived at Gabo Island on the I7th instant from Melbourne at 8.30. Captain Anderson reported that seas are making a clean breach over the barque Romeo, and that the masts and sails are still standing. Later, another ship passing the spot was unable to see any trace of the 3tomeo at all. Thb Colonial Secretary has received from the Chief Secretary of Victoria a telegram to the following effect : — ' To avoid possible delay at Breakwater, Williamstown, will you kindly have it announced In Sydney and Newcastle that vessels from your ports no longer require health inspection here.' Oub Adelong correspondent telegraphs that a case of leprosy lias bees discovered near that town. The victim was a China man, and he -had succumbed to the disease when seen by Dr. Agassis, who describes the sight of his remains as a very revolt ing-one. The poor wretch had been hid away in the bush by bis countrymen, and died in this isolation. A good deal of madness seems to be infecting the air of Melbourne; and if you assume that mad air, being breathed, makes men mad, there is no difficulty in explaining a good deal of the madness at present extant. Apparently the Exhibitionbuild Sng has gone mad top ; at least, it is declared to be cracked ; and it is only a question of time for the walls to bulge out anil the roof to fall in. A company is m course of formation In Sydney to work the Glen Morrison Gold Beef, in the district of Walcha, New England. There are four reefs included in the leasehold, from some of ?which stone has been taking crushing from 9or. to 80oz. per ton. Thereisaenuhmg plant two and a-half miles from the claim, and good facilities for carting the stone. Fnller particulars will w found in our advertising columns. Bx the last man from America a letter -was received at the Jffice of the American Consul, written on behalf of Mrs. Carfield by General F. p. Rockwell, in acknowledgement of a letter of October 6, from the Ute Mr. J. H. Williams, conveying »'%? of «*n«lole''* passed at a meeting of American citizens S^SSry^SHS*! * Bydnevi oeM at the Exchange on September f,J55Li T^*^ ^J3'* the 'i1' to s*y that the sympathy thus «^^d to her jn foreign lands was especiaUy grateful to her in A paotci, accident occurred to Mrs. Donnelly, of North Junee, -m Thursday last (the Wagga Advertiser states)! It appWshe noticed a revolver in a leathercase lying on the table, andtook it vp with a view of placing it in a position of security. She did not notice, however, that the buckle of the case was not fastened. m that when she lifted it up the revolver ^feuTand^M ofthe chambers went off, the ball penetrating at the back of the lee above the knee, and came out in front. Thb Rev. Alfred Yaraold has been appointed incumbent of Christ's Church, St. Leonards. This will create a vacancy at St. Bartholomew's, Pynnont, where Mr. Yarnold has been located foijthe last three years. A correspondent says there is a ^pptTftUy expressed feeling of regret by the inhabitant* of Tyr mont at Mr. Yamold'6 departure, and that it is mainly to his ex ertions that the parish is indebted for a very comfortable parson age, and the enlargement of the church, just completed. Ocb Windsor correspondent states that a well- attended meeting was held xm Tuesday evening, in the School of Arts, in favour of the early-closing movement. It was addressed by the Revs. F. Stretton and H. Mack, and Messrs. W. Walker, Dr. Fiaschi, R. D'Devin, W. Bodenhiun and others. Resolutions were unani mously adopted to the effect that it is desirable that all places of business should close at 6 p.m. daily, Saturday, execpted, after 7th March next. Messrs. Stretton, Black, and Bodenham were appointed a deputation to wait on the local shopkeepers and others to obtain their concurrence. Aw alteration has been made by the Executive Council in regard to press messages sent or received during the day. 'the Gazette of Tuesday notifies that, in future, no person shall be entitled to send, or any proprietor, publisher, or agent of a newspaper to receive at press rates a telegraphic message in any one day con taining more than 500 words in the aggregate. ' This restriction, however, will not apply to messages transmitted between the hours of 10 p.m. and 9 a.m. \vs re informed that the Government have decided to erect the new powder magazines at the sight on the Parramatta River recommended by the Gunpowder Board, this being an island near Newington, which at spring tides has a capacity of two and a-half acres. The Colonial Architect has been instructed to pre pare the necessary plans with the greatest possible expedition. It is probable that the buildings will consist of a series of detached magazines, with |a view to lessen the magnitude of any possible explosion. A 6TBAKGE relic of the brave but unfortunate Mrs. Watson was (the Brisbane Courier states) brought to this port by the Roma, in the form of the half tank in which she effected the rescue of her child and her faithful Chinese servant from the hands of the blacks on lizard Island, only to perish from thirst after braving the perils of the 6ea in such a craft. It is to be presented to the Museum ; but all who have read the story of Mrs. Watson's heroic conduct will unite in wishing that some more suitable memento of that lady may yet be found to preserve her memory among UE. Edwabd GbobgbHall, aged 2J years, the infant son of Mr. Harry V. Hall, landlord of the Turon Inn, George-street, died at his father's residence at half-past 11 o'clock on Tuesday morning, under the following painful circumstances :— At about half-past 7 a.m. he got out of bed and went into the parlour, and whilst playing with some matches set fire to his night dress. The nurse girl, Martha Kecfe, hearing the child's screams, ran to his assistance, and threw a waterproof cloak around him and thus extinguished the flames. Dr. Markey was immediately sent for end attended, but the poor little sufferer was so dreadfully burnt that he died in spite of the means taken to save his life. A fight took place on Sunday morning, at 11 a.m., at the rear of the Association Cricket Ground. Two youths were stripped, and a crowd of about 150 men and boys were assembled to witness the degrading spectacle. Constable Brennan saw two rounds of the [fight, but although he managed to disperse the crowd, and pursued them, they all escaped, and he failed to recognise any of those present. The neighbourhood of Moore Park has for a number of years past been the scene of many similar disgusting exhibitions. Scarcely a Sunday comes but some prearranged fight takes place in the gullies near the Rifle Butts, or at the quarries at the southern end of Toxteth Estate. The Brearly family, at the Little Bay Hospital, are the only patients suffering from smallpox in Sydney now. In their case, we regret to say, the disease has appeared in a somewhat malig nant form. The child Charles died upon Saturday night, and the little girl Edith, with the father and Jessie Stewart, a female ser vant, ore still ill, but, as hoped, are in a fair way for recovery. The town is entirely free from smallpox, and the port has been declared clear of disease — in all the colonies a matter of much interest to shipowners, freeing them from vexatioue regulations. The quarantine ground in Adelaide is clear, and the few patients left in Melbourne are convalescent. In the event of no further importations, we may consider ourselves free of the taint which once made ominous promise to become permanent. The B. W. Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd fellows held their second annual communication in the Temperance Hall, Sydney, on the 14th, 15th, and 16th instant. About 50 delegates from the various lodges were present. The G. M. and G. S., in their reports, spoke in high terms of the increase numerically and financially during the year. The books show an increase of 226 members during the year 1881. The officers elect for the ensuing year are :— M. W. Grand Master, H. H. Greene; K. W. D. G. M., A. Garcia ; R. W. G. W., A. M'Guire ; G. S., R. S. Cannon ; and G. T., A. Abreau. The appointed officers are :— G. M., B. Cashin ; G. C, J. Cattlin ; G. H., J. Farrell ; G. G., H. Thomson, The UEual business was disposed of, and a vote of thanks accorded to the retiring officers. With reference to a late case of burning the Albury Banner says:— 'Mr. T. Harrison, husband of the deceased, informs us that the accident was not caused by pouring kerosene on the fire Our correspondent says that a scientific gentleman who examined the spot after the accident stated that it had been caused by the gases formed in the can by the heat of the day, which had escaped through a hole in the neck of the can, and passing over the stove had been ignited by the struck match, hence the explosion ; the bottom of the can remaining on the shelf where it always stood, whilst the upper part was blown into the centre of the kitchen, striking the deceased in the face and covering her with oil. Mr. Harrison further states that the deceased distinctly said she had not poured oil on the fire.' : The Ecclesiastical suit of Rumpf v. Hicks was concluded on Wednesday, after a trial lasting seven days. The contest was whether tlie testator, Darn ton Thomas Greenwood, known as John Andrews, was of sound and disposing mind when he executed a will dated 30th July, 1878, leaving all his property to the late Mrs. Hutchinson, of the Metropolitan Hotel, King-street, and whether his assent to the disposition contained in that will was obtained by undue influence. His Honor Sir W. Manning decided in favour of the plaintiff against the validity of this will on doth grounds, but saying that there was no evidence whatever of undue influence exercised by Mrs. Hutchinson herself. Probate was granted of a prior will, of which the plaintiff Rumpf is one of the executors, and by which the testator left ehe bulk of his property to his son, a child, then in England. Thb Port Augusta Dispatch says :— ' Messrs. Hallet and Kerr, who have returned from a trip into the north-west country, nave brought with them a numerous and interesting collection of native weapons of. warfare, procured from the Coquotta tribe. These natives were met with about halfway between Copdambo and Moonaree, nearly 300 miles west of this port, and showed a dis position to be troublesome and aggressive. The Coquotta blacks are said to have still traces of cannibalism among them, and it is reported they arc particularly fond of ' picaninnies,' as one lubra told our informant that recently a* feast was concluded with devouring three female children, in the vicinity of Yardea station, about 170 miles from this port. The male children are considered sacred, but the females arc not so valued except for dessert more especially the half-caste children.' Tas third annual picnic of the Colonial Sugar Company's employees took place on Saturday last at Clontarf. Three steamers were chartered, and about 800 men, women, and children were present. On reaching the grounds, many of the young people indulged in dancing to music provided bv No. 2 Fire Brigade Band, while others engaged in cricket, quoits, swinging, or other open air enjoyments. When the dinner hour arrived every one sought the shelter of the trees, and spread and ate the provisions they brought with them. A programme of sports was also gone through, in which the most successful in foot and sack racing were awarded cups, watches, lockets, clocks, and other articles of value. Success to the company was drunk, and a merry time was spent, and when it became dusk the excursionists proceeded homewards. In the evening those who chose attended a ball in the companv's store at Pynnont. Ik reply to the circular telegram sent a day or two ago by the Government of this colony to the Government of the other colonies, informing them of the disappearance of smallpox ia Sydney, a telegram has been received at the Colonial Secretary's office from the Government of New Zealand, stating that, as far as New Zea land ports are concerned, Srdney has been declared a clean port ; and it is expected that similar telegrams will be received from the other colonial Governments. On the 17th instant the following telegram was received by Sir John Robertson from the Hon. .7 . C. Bray, Chief Secretary of South Australia:— I am much pleased to learn that your well-sustained efforts to stamp out smallpox have at last been successful, and that your colony is now believed to be free from the disease. The resolution of the Board of Health with regard to the minimum of quarantine is under consideration, ana I trust some uniform period of detention may be agreed upon in the Australian colonies.' Shobtlt before midnight on Wednesday, a man was found lying in the gutter in Castlereagh- street, near Park-street. He was taken to the hospital in a cab, by Constable M'Kelvey. On being examined by Dr. Twynam, life was found to be extinct. There was nothing on the person of deceased to indicate who or ?what he was. The following description may lead to his identifi cation. He was a man of about 45 years of age, about 5 feet 8 inches high; stout build, full face, reddish or sandy hair, no whiskers, Email sandy moustache, dressed in brown double breasted coat, gray flannel tweed trousers, gray checked tweed vest, white flannel shirt, soft black felt hat with cord and blue tassel, blucher boots, gray socks, and flannel drawers. There are no marks of violence on the body. In one of the pockets was a black-handled knife, with two blades. The right ankle is some what smaller than the left, and there are marks of an old injury upon it. Colohbl Scbatchlxt, C.M.G., B.E., proceeds to Brisbane in a few days, for the purpose of conducting an inquiry into the Queensland Volunteer Force. The committee appointed by the Government for the purpose comprises : — Colonel Scratchier as president ; lieutenant-Colonel Blaxland, the Commandant ; Lieutenant-Colonel Drury, commanding Volunteer Artillery Brigade ; Major Mein commanding 1st Regiment of Rifles— as members ; and Major Moor the staff- officer, as secretary. The lines laid down by the New South Wales Military Defences Inquiry Commission, followed by the large amount of informa tion collected by that commission, will be of great service to the Queensland committee. It is found in that colony that the men either will not, or cannot, turn out for drill in daylight, and there are numerous reforms and improvements which are needed in the working of the force. It is believed that the appointment of the committee is a step in the right direction. The bellringers of Parramatta, invited by thoee of Christ Church in the citv. attended at thetowerof the'ehurch onMondav night, in order that the twojbodics of menmight engage in practice together. The Sydney men numbered 16 and the visitors 8, and they rung a scries of changes by muted companies, under the con'ductorship of Mr. T. G. Collins, who has just arrived from London. A special object of the gathering was the formation of a hand-bell ringing spcietv, the members of which were to use the 54 bells of the original Lancashire ringers. This object was duly realized, and the Bev. C. F. Garnsey was elected president of the society. Some of the members rang out several tunes and peals, and showed considerable proficiencv in the manipulation of the bells. They were assisted by Mr. W. Hartwell, and they now intend assisting at entertainments given in the parish for chari table objects. The company dined together in the school off a repast provided by Mr. W. Moon. Mr. Garnsey occupied the chair, and a very pleasant evening was spent, the bells being frequently brought into requisition to enliven the proceedings. Tab Mount JPDonaM Miner relates a very singularoccurrence. On Wednesday night last, shortly after 12 o'clock, E. Albert and another, whilst at work drilling a hole into the bottom of No. 3 shaft, had their attention directed to something falling down the shaft. There was no time to take the drill from the hole or to get out of the way. E. Albert, who was holding the drill, raised his body a little o'ver it to be able to receive whatever was falling in a little more favourable position. This proved to be a man called Sleeman who was sleeping in the brace of the shaft. Strange to say, although falling a distance of 6G feet on E. Albert, both men escaped without sustaining very serious injuries. Albert sustained an injury to the left shoulder, and Sleeman was severely shaken, besides having a wound on the scalp. Both men are now able to walk about. How they escaped with so little injury appears perfectly miraculous, and that any one should be raEh enough to go to sleep in the perilous position that Sleeman did can be accounted for but in one way. The survey of the lUawarra railway line (says the Mercury) has been completed to the south end of the tunnel that will pierce Coal Cliff, which we understand will be 49 chains, or consider, ably more than half a mile long. This, when completed, will be the longest tunnel in the colonies, and if we mistake not in anv of the colonies, so far as railways arc concerned. The line coming southward from the intended mouth of the tunnel traverses the village of Clifton, appropriating a considerable area of the build ing sites, with a few of the houses. Two survey parties are now at work on the Wollongong side of the village, and making toward the party under Mr. Surveyor Edwards, which, as already stated in our columns, is camped near Bellambi. This latter party has been running lines through Hobbinsville and Bulli of late. The main line crosses the Coal Cliff and Bulli road just on the north side of the northernmost house in Robbinsville, and proceeds thence southwards on the east side of the township of Bulli toward Woonona. In all, three surveyors are at work on the line. The Otago Times reports that a most disastrous fire occurred at Napier on the 10th instant. It broke out in buildings occupied by Mr. Fair, draper. It i6 conjectured that an explosion of gas was the cause, as fire seemed to burst out simultaneously in all parts of the shop, and spread with unexampled rapidity. In 20 minutes £15,000 worth of property was destroyed. The fire brigade had just been out practising, and had put the steam engine into the shed and let the fires out, and this caused delay, as the fire had to be built, the boiler filled, and steam got up. In the meantime the hand- engines and hose, supplied from high pressure, seemed to have no effect. The offices of Mr. Comford, solicitor, and Carnell, photographer, next went, though the con tents were saved, but they were much damaged in removal. Large and Townley's large furniture estsblishtnent next caught, and a small building at the side was gutted, all the carpets and oilcloths being destroyed, while most of the furniture was removed. The brigade by almost superhuman exertions saved the main building. Fart of an old hotel was burned, but the new building now going up was saved. A tbamway accident occurred in Oxford-street on Monday, by which Mr. W. Spring, produce merchant, of Waverley, and Mr. M. Tierney, produce merchant of Oxford-street, narrowly escaped being killed. They were driving down Oxford-6treet in a light vehicle when a tram from Eandwick came behind them. A heavy vehicle was being driven in front of them and another tram was . coming in the opposite direction, so that they were completely hedged in. The Randwick tram was approaching very fast from behind, and Mr. Spring tried to get the driver to stop his eng ne, but the tram could not be stopped in time, and a collision took place. The two occupants of the buggy were thrown out. Mr. Tierney fell on his back and was much shaken, and Mr. Spring was thrown into the gutter, and received a number of cuts and bruises, as well as a good shaking. They wended their way after they had sufficiently recovered themselves to the tramway office, where they reported the occurrence to the superintendent, Mr. Roberts. 'They complained of the impertinent remarks of one of the tramway officials, who evidently thought the -whole aflair a very good joke. ' The ghost which has of late haunted the Creswick road has (says the Courier) been successfully laid, andhas.been promised a sound thrashing if he repeats his silly pranks. A few nights since a gentleman residing on the Creswick road observed his ghost&hip;, about 1 o'clock in the morning, prancing round the tombstones in Messrs. M'Donald and Hughes' yard, and at once made for him, when the ghost (dressed in a long white garment) retreated in the direction of the cemetery gate. The mortal, how ever, would not permit the ghost sanctuary within the graveyard, and pinned it up against the gate, at the same time stating that he was about to administer a caution to all ghosts guilty of ennoying living mortals in that neighbourhood. At this the ghost — which turned out to be a strong able-bodied man — com- menced to show fight, but was quickly rolled into the gutter, and then cleared -off. However, his identity ?was established ; and yesterday, the gentleman having again recognised him in the etrcet, habited in his usual garb, told him that if he repeated his idiotic performance he would horsewhip him, either by night or day.' The Argus reports that a fatal accident occurred, near the New port (late 'Williamstown Junction) station on Thursday, the ICth instant, the victim being a navvy named John Donohue, employed in repairing the permanent way. Donohue was at work at the time, and in getting out of the way of a goods train front tows was knocked down and killed by the passenger train which leaves Williamstown at 8.33 a.m. Although Constable Delap states in his report that life was cot extinct when the man was placed in the train, there can be little doubt that death was almost instanta neous, for the skull of deceased' is fractured, and the forehead, which would appear to have been struck by the engine, is knocked in. Another latal accident happened on the same day at the Spencer-street railway station. Three labourers were employed filling up a trench which had been cut for gas pipes at the Wil liamstown platform, when the. 8.5 a.m. train arrived. As the train approached the engine-driver sounded his whistle as a warning to the men, but only two of them took heed. The third man, named William Collins, remained between the rails, and was run over, being killed instantaneously. The extension of tramway accommodation to Coogee Bay has revived the question of providing a good 6alt-water bath, not for the people of Randwick and Coogee only, but for the large number of Sydney residents who, with certain means of transit, would gladw avail themselves of the chances of an invigorating . dip in the rollers from old Ocean. The trustees of the Coogee reserves have been moved to take active steps, in conjunction with the Government, to allow the erection of suitable baths by a private company. The trustees at their usual meeting, held on Wednesday, considered the question, and came to the conclusion that the binding of baths at Coogee involved more than local interests. It was, therefore, resolved to refer the matter to the Randwick Municipal Council for discussion in the interests of the borough and the general public. With this end in view one of , ths aldermen of Coogee Ward will table a motion, to be considered at an early meeting of the council, which will probably lead to an arrangement between the Government, the trustees, and the local municipality, thus securing one of the greatest benefits the tramway extension to Coogee can confer on Sydney residents. The Bobart Mercury says :— ' In the course of a lecture on ' Freechurchinn in the Colonies,' delivered in London last Decem ber, by the Rev. W. Cuthbertson, B.A., formerly of Sydney, he stated that 'the present Premier of New South Wales was brought up in the Sunday school of John Angel James, and such men helped to form public opinion in Australia.' This item will interest the manimen from Birmingham scattered through out the colonies.- Doubtless Sir Henry will pay a visit to the home of his youth, and note the changes of time. Instead of the burly form and not unpleasant face of James, he will see the broad, unclcrical, and every way masculine visage of R. W. Dale in the pulpit of the far-famed Carr's-lane Independent Church. In the grand schools bearing the name of King Edward VI. he will not fail to observe extension and improvement. If the men in the Canadas and Australias, who are familiar with these places, could be gathered together in one group, their talk of the olden day6 might be worth recording.' Shobtlt after 7 o'clock on Friday evening, as two boys named Muirhead and Mateer were passing a waterhole in Victoria Park (eavs the Brisbane Courier I their attention was attracted by a dog howling and plunging frantically about in the water. Ap proaching the place they observed three suits of clothing on the bank. The boys suspected something was wrong, and Muirhead stripped and went into the water, the other following his example. After diving near the centre of tbe hole Muirhead recovered the dead body of a boy, and subsequently the bodies of two other boys were recovered in the same way. Dr. Thomson was sent for, who pronounced Ufa to be extinct in each case, and found that the bodies were those of fine robust boys from 10 to about 13 years of age. As far as the doctor could judge the' lads had been dead at least an hour before he saw the bodies. The mournful tidings spread quickly, and soon after the bodies had been lodged in the dead-house thev were identified. Two of the boys, who bore a ? strong resemblance to each other, were named John and Timothy M'Carthy, and the other lad's name was John M'Cann. The only conjecture that seems feasible as to the cause of this sad affair is that the lads had been bathing in this waterhole, that one ef them had gone beyond his depth, and that the others, while endeavour ing to rescue him, had been involved in his fate. Sevbbai interesting returns relating to the census of New South Wales for 1881 were issued from the census department on the 17th instant. The population of the colony at the census of 1681, as finally corrected, stands thus : Sydney, 103,379; suburbs, 120,832 : country districts, 527,257 ; total, 751,468. The sexes are proportioned thus : Males, 411,149 ; females, 340,319. It may be added that while males preponderate in Sydney and the country, the balance favours the other sex in the suburbs. The numerical increate since lt-71 if as follows: — Sydney, 26,956; suburbs, f 0.IC8 ; countrv, IM,(-2Z : total, 2^7,4071 This gives a centesima increase of 38-SO tor the city, 100-30 for the suburbs, and -S2-79 for the country, 126 towns and villages show an increase of popula tion for the decennial period, while 37 towns and villages show a decrease of population, most of the latter being towns situated in mining districts or along railway lines. The returns show that there were in 1881 no less than 122 towns and villages which either did not exist in 1871, or then contained less than 100 in habitants. There were 47 municipal boroughs and 43 municipal districts in 1881, with an aggregate population of 355,CG1, which is an increase since 1871 of 163,481, and shows that nearly half the people in the colony are living in its incorporated portions. The Ballarat correspondent of the Arqus reports a singular accident at Caraniballac, the station of Mr. Chimside. The rabbits having threatened to became masters of the situation there, Mr. ChirnEide ordered up a supply of phosphorus, for phos phorising e quantity of oats, and got Mb. of it sent up. The phosphorus was put into the store, and at about 5 o'clock one morning the overseer of the station told Mr. Chirnside, jun., that the store was on fire. He at once ran out. When he got out he saw Mr. G. P. Goodbun, a gentleman staying on the station with him, carrying the tin containing the blazing phosphorus out of the store, but he had scarcely got clear of the building before the bottom fell out of the tin, and the unfortunate gentleman became enveloped in fire. A rush of those present was made to extinguish the flaming chemical, and fortunately this was done before Mr. Goodbun's body had sustained much injury, the lower limbs suffering chiefly. Tbe act of Mr. Goodbun in rushing into the store to remove the blazing tin was one of great courage, as he knew that in the store were 10,000 cartridges and two kegs ot gunpowder, which, if ignited, must have caused a destruction of several thousand pounds' worth of property. The injuries to Mr. Goodbun, fortunately, are thought not to be so serious as to pre vent bis recovery. Bx the mail steamship Liguria which left Sydney for London, on the 17th instant, some copies of ' New South Wales in 1881,' elegantly bound in morocco, and in other respects specially pre pared for presentation in England, were forwarded by Mr. Thomas Richards, Government Printer, to Sir Henry Parkes. In these copies of the work, which has already been noticed in our columns, phototype illustrations have been introduced, and they increase the attractiveness of the book very considerably. Among the illustrations are views of Sydney, representing the principal portions of George-street, the Public Offices at the corner of Macquaric and Bridge streets, the General Post Office, the Australian Mutual Provident Society's office, the University, the Garden Palace, Government House, the Zig Zag, a view on the Nepean River, a waterfall on the Blue Mountains, and portraits of Captain Cook, William Charles Wentworth, and Sir Henry Parkes. AU are excellent, and such as are likely to arouse a lively interest in the colony among those to whom the books may be presented. The views of George-street were taken at a time when there was no traffic in the streets, a plan that is necessary with the phototype process, but the pictures nevertheless give a forcible idea of the size and importance of Sydney. Mr. Henry Burnard, who is going to Bordeaux as executive secretary in connection with the New South Wales exhibits of wine at the forthcoming Exhibition at Bordeaux, intends to translate the book into French and a large number of copies will be printed and circulated in France. Madame Celtestb, whose death is announced in one of our cablegrams, was an actress of considerable repute. The following brief biography is from 'Men. of the Time' : — 'Madame Celeste,, or Cclerte Elliott, born in Paris, August 6, 1815, entered the - dancing classes of the Royal Academy of Music when quite a child. At the age of 14 she accepted an engagement in the United States, where she was married to a Mr. Elliott, who died shortly afterwards. Her first appearance in England was at Liverpool, in 1830, when she performed the part of Fenella in ? Masaniello. ' After having played at many of the principal provincial towns,, she appeared as a dancer with great success in London, and returned in 1840 to the- United States, where the people, in the excess of their enthusiasm, yoked themselves to her carriage, . and proclaimed her a citizen of the Union, General Jackson himself presenting her to the Council of Ministers, and compli menting her on having been deemed worthy of such an honour. In 1837 she returned to England with considerable wealth, and ' appeared as an actress at Drury Lane, and afterwards at the Hay- . market. In 1844 she was associated with Mr. Webster in the direction of the Adelphi Theatre, and having dissolved partner ship with liim, undertook thc:management of the Lyceum, which-, she held until the close of the season 1860-61. Madame Celeste, . who afterwards appeared in' some of the minor East End theatres, . and in the provinces, returned to the United States.in 1865. She cume back to England in 1868, and took her farewell of the stage ' at the Adelphi Theatre, London, October 22, 1670. Since then, however, she has reappeared at that theatre in ' Greenbushes ' and other pieces. The inquiry into the suspected dummy cases at Echuca (sayt the Leader} appears to have been held just in time. Twenty-one selectors were examined, but so farin only two cases has the com mission been convinced that they arc bona-fide ocoupiers. In 10 instances it has reserved its judgment, and in nine instances it has recommended that the nominal holders forfeit their land. That is to say out of the 11 cases decided, nine are adjudged to be dummies and only two genuine settlers. With such a proportion of fraud to honesty, who can wonder at the growth of great estates 1 Concerning these great estates, Mr. Mirams had some striking figures to quote last week, when he stood up at Colling wood to condemn the present system of free selection. Up till the . ,cnd of 1880 the total area which we had given away to selectors .amounted to 15,731,000 acres. Of this magnificent territory only some 5,700,000 acres now remain settled. Of the rest, 2,750,000 acre6 have been forfeited, while 7,300,000 acres have gone into the hands of the large proprietors. Out of the 5,700,000 acres now occupied by selectors, 3,120,000 acres are held by men who have not yet occupied the bind long enough to claim it. They have not been able to sell out or play their parts as dummies if they ?would. From these we may expect a further transfer of the soil. To put the case in another light, since 1870 we have normnallv settled 05,782 persons upon the land. The actual number now in occupation i6 about 80,000 ; 60,000 selectors have forfeited, sold, or dummied their lands. So much for the past. At the present moment the drought is driving scores of others out of the colony. With our best soil gone, and no water, what is the outlook for the future? Under free selection it must result in unmitigated failure. An inquest was held by the City Coroner, on Monday at the Ohserver Tavern, George-Btreet North, concerning the death of James Roper, mate of the schooner Malcolm. The evidence showed that Roper was 33 years of age, and a married man with out a family. His widow resides at Hobart, Tasmania. He was chief officer of the Malcolm, and had been attended by Dr. Bel grave about a fortnight ago for asthma, and was on his way to his wife, having made up his mind to act upon the advice given him by Dr. Belgravc to relinquish sealife altogother on account of his complaint. On Saturday morning, at about 20 minutes to 4 o'clock, Walter Langworthy, master of the vessel, heard a noise as of some one falling down the companion way into the cabin. He immediatelv jumped out of bed and found Roper lying on the cabin floor on his back at the foot of the companion. There was a light burning in the cabin all night, and it was etiU burning, and threw a light on to the companion stairs. Captain Langworthy found Roper was un conscious, and lifted him up and with the assistance of the steward placed him on the cabin floor. He was undressed, having on only his singlet. The captain propped Roper up, and ?« ent for Dr. Belgrave, who attended ; but Roper never regained con sciousness, and died about 40 minutes after the accident. It is supposed that he had occasion to go on deck, and that he by some means or another, whether through weakness, giddiness, or stumbling, fell, and met with the injuries which caused his death. Dr. Belgravc found him in a state of insensibility, with a wound over the left temple, and he was totally paralysed, it being im possible to arouse him in the slightest degree. The symptoms indicated compression of the brain, resulting from effusion in. consequence of fracture of the skull, which in the doctor's opinion was the cause of death. The jury returned a verdictof accidental death. The Melbourne World states that a prisoner was on Friday dis- - charged from the Pentridge stockade who has spent half his life inside the stone walls of that institution. Over,20 years ago he wes charged with murder. The crime, to which he pleaded guilty, occurred in the heat of passion. He stated that he went home one evening to the house occupied by himself and his wife, and found a man with whom he was slightly acquainted inside. The man was abusing his wife. He was repeatedly told to go out, but refused, and wound up by calling the woman an obscene n&me.; A loaded gun was standing in the corner of the room : and the husband, enraged beyond bearing, seized the weapon and die* ? charged it at the other. The charge entered his chest, killing him instantly. The murderer was arrested immediately after- - wards on a charge of wilful murder, tried, convicted, and sentenced to be hanged. On account of the circumstances of the - case, this sentence was afterwards commuted to imprisonment for life. Twenty years ago, the unfortunate, then a yonng man, was taken inside the walls of theprison,nevertoleavethemagain,ashe thought. However, on account of hUgoodconductand usefulness whilst in gaol, his case received the attention of the authorities and he was discharged. He is now quite gray, but of a healthy appearance and quiet demeanour. He states that when he got into Melbourne again after his long absence, he fancied he was in . a strange city, and could only with the greatest difficulty find his way to the Chief Commissioner's office at the Treasury, to obtain, his full discharge. His feelings may be better imagined than described. His wife had still retained the house and land which he owned formerly, and which has been considerably increased in value, so that he has still a home to go to. During tbe whole term of his imprisonment he never had one mark against his name, and the gaol authorities characterise him as the best con ducted prisoner they have had there. Tisitobb to our shores have seldom to complain of the lack of hospitality, and it has grown into a custom to give all dis tinguished strangers a trip over the mountains. One of these pleasant excursions was given on Saturday hist to a number of natives from various groups of islands, and who, having been educated and trained for missionary work by the London Mission ary Society, are now en route for New Guinea, there to live or die for the truth that has made them free. They have left their homes and kindred to teach the cruel natives of New Guinea the lessons of humanity and Christianity which they themselves have learnt. On Saturday morning, under the care of the Rev. J. P. Sunderland and Miss Royal, our visitors were met at the I station by a number of friends, among whom were Mr. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.A., am. Messrs. Lewis, Carpenter. Toming, Wilson, Debbie, and others. By the foresight of Mr. Lloyd, a carriage ?had been encaged, and thus the party 'was select, a circumstance they had reason to be thankful for on their return iournev for the anxiety of other travellers to find seats beside oar \isitors at times threatened forcible entry. This is accounted for bv the fact that at every station these islanders burst out into «6np and their music was eo harmonious and beautiful that crowds gathered to listen. It is needless to say how greatly the trip was enjoyed. The darkness under Redfern bridge, the passing trains, the Nepean viaduct, the Zigzag, all aroused the demon etrative faculties of our visitors, whose quick intelligence was manifested in their eager questions and ready comprehension. Wentworth Falls being reached, a feast was spread and enjoyed, after which the several points of interest were visited. Of course there were many ladies present, and to them the success of the excursion must be accredited ; but that everything went ' merry as a marriage bell ' was due to the management of Messrs. IJoyd and Lewis. Our visitors will leave for New Guinea as soon as the John Williams has been overhauled and made 6eaworthy and all Christendom will say ' bon voyage.' Some of the passengers by the last mail steamer from England travelled as far a6 Galle in the yachting steamer Ceylon, and pro bably more would have done eo had the idea occurred to them, asd they had made their arrangements in time. The steamer is engaged in a Bomewhat novel cruise round the world, but the idea ence started is not likely to be abandoned. She was formerly a P. and O. Company's vessel, and was built in the days when the comfort of Oriental travellers was thought of, and when big sub sidies and high fares made the company comparatively inde pendent of freight money. Nowadays, even a mail steamer has to be a combination of the racer and the dray-horse— has to go quickly, and yet carry a heavy load. But in the daye when the Ceylon was designed breadth of beam and ample cabin accommo dation were not forbidden to the builder. No longer profitable to the company, which must study its freight list, she has passed into the hands of the International Oceanic Yachting Company, who have found her passenger accommodation exactly -what they want, and who have started her on an experimental cruise round the world. For people who want to avoid the rigour of an English winter, and yet escape the ennui of dawdling away six months at a fashionable water place, a cruise round the world, stopping a day or two at all the great ports, is a rather fascinating idea. The Ceylon, on leaving England, called at Bordeaux, Lisbon, Gibraltar, Malaga, Marseilles, Genoa, Naples, Palermo, Malta, Athens, Constantinople, Smyrna, Rhodes, and Alexandria, then through the Canal to Bombay, Colombo, and Galle, stopping long enough at each place to give the passengers an opportunity of seeing the town and its environs. From Galle she proceeded to Madras, Calcutta, Singapore, China, and Japan ; thence she is to go to San Francisco, and home by the Straits of Magellan, calling at all the principal ports on the West and East coasts of South America. If any Australians returning to England have a fancy for coast ing round America, they will, we understand, be in time to catch the Ceylon at San Francisco if they leave by the March mail. It is, we believe, the intention of the company either to send the Ceylon on a subsequent voyage by way of Australia, or to lay on a separate boat to take these colonies en route. This would be a very pleasant arrangement for those English people who have relatives in Australia to see the world, and take a peep at their Australian cousins on the way. From all that we can understand the arrangements on board the Ceylon were very good, and the passage was one long and varied holiday. There is no Mark Twain on board to give the story of the trip, but there is an artist belonging to the staff of the Graphic who sends home sketches of places and people. The annual meeting of the Grand Lodge of Loyal Orange Institution of New South Wales was held in the Protestant Hall, Sydney, on the 14 th instant. After the confirmation of the minutes and the adoption of reports, the lodge proceeded to the election of its officers by ballot for the ensuing year, which resulted as follows, viz. :— Henry Hicks, R.W.G.M. ; W. T. Poole, M.L.A., D.G.M.; A. J. S. Gilchrist, G.S. ; S. Murphy, D.G.S. ; N. J. Mackenzie, G. Treasurer; Arthur Hunt, G.F.C. ; Rev. T. S. Forsaith, G.C. The R.W.G.M. returned thanks for the un. precedented honour conferred upon him by electing him for the fourth time, and on the three last occasions unanimously, to the position of Grand Master. He said, that during the past year the institution has experienced a career of unexampled prosperity/ The 183 lodges composing it, were vigorously workingin harmony with each other lor the attainment of their common ends. Never did greater necessity exist for the prevalence of the principles of Orangcism. Many disputed this, and regarded Orangeism as synonymous with intolerance and bigotry, whereas the Orange Institution was called into existence for and is perpetuated to destroy those evils. If they were bigoted it was the bigotry of attachment to God, the Bible, their sovereign, and their country. If they were intolerant, it was the intolerance which would not allow any ecclesiastical or other power to come between them and these objects of their faith, their veneration, and their love. They were associated expressly for the purpose of maintaining that Protestantism upon which the throne and Constitution are based, and which has exalted Great Britain to the highest pinnacle of national honour and renown, and which alone will render Australia great, glorious, and free. The other officers returned thanks, and avowed theirgdetermination to do their utmost in advancing the interests of the institution. The retiring officers (W. Henson, M.L.A., and W. Robson) suitably acknowledged the compliment which was tendered them for the exceedingly efficient services which they had rendered the cause during their tenure of office. The meeting was closed by devotional exercises and the singing of the National Anthem. A meeting of the committee of the New South Wales Aborigines Protection Association was held at the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association on the 15th instant, the Rev. T. J. Curtis occupying the chair. Important and interesting correspondence was read from Mr. D. Matthews, at Maloga. and Rev. J. B. Gribble, of Warangcsda, from which it appeared that the work at both missions was progressing in a thoroughly satisfactory manner so far as the number and discipline of the blacks was con cerned. At latest advices there were 120 blacks at Maloga, 81 at Warangesda ; all of whom are taught and trained in as systematic a manner as present appliances will admit of. Mr. Matthews writes:— 'The school is doing well, and I am now pushing for ward strenuously to get the men in regular and steady employ ment. I see so much depends on this, but my hands are tied for want of land. The difficulty crops up every day. Do you think it would be any use for 80 or 40 of the men to come to Sydney and represent their own case to the Government. Before winter we want much to be done for the comfort of the people in repairing and building huts, the children will also require more accommo dation, and warm clothing will be absolutely necessary. The most pressing matter at present is for some decided step to be taken lor the encouragement of the men in remunerative labour. This can only he done — or rather the easiest way of doing it i6 by a grant of land on which they could raise crops for their own support and secure paddocks for cattle, as this part of the country is at present without gras6, and the supply of milk for the women and children is reduced to a minimum In consequence of the very small pecuniary assistance we have received of late, many ef the people have been without meat for days together.' On the 4th instant he writes :— ' Contrary to the experience cf the past few months, yesterday not a farthing came to provide for our people, so we were left in positive want. My only Alternative wa6 to telegraph to you, and I am thankful to get your reply placing £10 at our disposal to satisfy our most pressing ?wants.' Mr. Gribble says:— 'We have completed our first paddock of 200 acres. Had it been enclosed before the dry weather set in we should now have plenty of grass instead of having none. We commenced fencing the cultivation paddock this morning. I am exceedingly anxious to get 40 or 50 acres in crop this season, hut I have no farming implements. We must get a plough and harrow to crop the ground. If you could pet «s a plough we would make a harrow. We are at present with out a shilling, but we trust in God and stick to the work. ' The ?Mjetary reported that Mrs. Mary Roberts has presented the sum «f &24 7s. 6d. to each of the missions since' the date of the last letters. It was agreed that £25 be granted to both Maloga and W arangesda, and the secretary was authorized to endeavour to obtain a plough. It was further decided that a deputation wait upon the Government, with special reference- to a grant of land for the aborigines at Maloga. 