PANISLAMISM. There are signs abroad of a great move ment among the followers of Mohammed, and it is taking the shape of a regene rated Caliphate. We may premise that a Caliphate, like a popedom, is a wonderful thing, and if the value to us of a religious potentate were to be reckoned by the number of his religious adherents who are our fellow subjects, the Caliph would be to us of more importance than the Pope, for in India alone the Queen governs forty million fol lowers of the Prophet. But, inasmuch as it is not always safe to count by noses, either in religion or politics, it maybe well to explain the relations of the Caliph to his co-religionists. And, inasmuch as a man may long pursue an honour able career, much respected by his fellow - citizens, and may pay his taxes, sit on Juries, and drive his gig for years without knowing what a Caliph is, we may as well say that a Caliph is a lieutenant, vice-gerent, or vicar, and that, when Mohammed died in 632, this was the title which thenceforth attached to those who, rightly or wrongly, claimed an authority delegated from him. When Mohammed died he bequeathed his powers, spiritual and secular, to his son-in-law Ali, the husband of Fatima ; but Abu Bekr, father of Ali, secured the soldiery, edited and published the Koran, and made Omar, the Prophet's favourite' General, Caliph. The office was subsequently held in succession by nineteen descendants of Omar, who were called Ommiades, and reigned at Damascus ; but it is certain that they only lasted 120 years, when they had to give way to real de scendants, in the male line, of the Pro phet's uncle. These were the Abbasidae, or descendants of Abbas, and they moved the seat of empire from Damascus to Bag- dad. Here they reigned over the great bulk of the faithful for over 500 years, when they were driven out by the Tartar Mongol invasion. One of them went to Egypt, where, from 900 to 1200 A.D., there had been a race of Caliphs called Fatimides, from Fatima. Claiming to re- present the Prophet, this Abasside was well received in Cairo, and his de scendants were propped up in their hereditary claims by the com mander of the Mamelukes, who saw the advantage of Egypt continuing to have a Caliph of its own. This family continued in office at Cairo till 1517, when Selim I., Emperor ' of the Turks, conquered the country aad took prisoner the last of the Abassidae, by as- signment from whom the Sultans of Turkey have ever since claimed the sacred title. From this very slight sketch of the Caliphate and the various pretenders to it and occupants of it, it will be seen that disunion broke in upon the followers of the Prophet soon after his death, and possibly because of his wishes being disregarded. It is true that under the Abassidæ, of whom the famous Harouri al Raschid, fami liar to readers of the ' Arabian Nights,' was one the followers of Mohammed, both in the East and in Spain, entered upon a career of industrial and scientific progress, literary excellence, and knightly and courtly grandeur, and preserved learn ing and the Arts for the then barbarous Europeans ; yet we must remember that Bagdad, Cairo, and Cordoba had each its Caliph. And, in addition to this three pronged dispersion of the dignity, there arose from the very death of the Prophet a class who dissented from the usurpation of Omar, and who, though they obeyed him as their sovereign in temporal mat ters, considered the spiritual dignity as descending to Ali and his issue according to the Prophet's will. This sect, powerless at first to secure its own independence, has grown in importance, and maintains that im portance at the present moment, since it includes all the Persian Mohammedans and a large number in Arabia. This sect, which one would imagine should be regarded as orthodox, is stigmatized by the rest of the believers by the name of Shiites (from the Arab word Shiah, a sect) ; while the general body arrogate to themselves the title of Sunnites (from Sunna, a custom or law), as claiming to be orthodox. But, with the exception of this Persian sect, there is no body of Moslem believers, from the western border of China to the Atlantic, prepared to dispute the right of the Sultan of Turkey to the Caliphate, nor, so far as we know, has there ever been since his predecessor Selim I. conquered Egypt, and vested in himself the rights of the last of the Abassidre. As a matter of fact, however, ithe Turks are held in very little esteem by the great majority of Orientals, being thought inferior . both in race and civilization and for this and various other reasons the Sultans have not brought their Caliphate into active exercise as an engine of influence and power, but have been content to let it hang, as it were, peacefully in the scabbard, like the sword of a well-behaved gentleman. Now for the applicability of this state of things to our present political position. It is pretty well known that the Turkish soldiers during the late Russo-Turkish war fought bravely in positions ;wlueh, with good management, would have been impregnable ; and the fact that the enemy was victorious and the country disgraced was attributed by in telligent Turks to tlie intrigues of the palace, moved by the jealousy of the Sultan, who set the commanders against one another because he was afraid that either one should return victorious. The Conference and the subsequent Congress of Berlin were enough to convince the Turks that, while Russia was as hostile as ever, they not only could. not rely on England and France as before, but had not a single friend in Europe. That desire which had so long been growing among the upper classes to assimilate the civilization of Turkey to that of Western Europe, and to enter as far as possible 'the European system,' was swept away in a breath, and the hatred of the ' infidel' was revived. The present Sultan's influence on the course of affairs has not been great, for although he lias shown himself more of a Moslem than his predecessor he is as little of a man. Then came the attack of France upon Tunis, threatening the whole of Northern Africa, and the pressure put by England and France upon Egypt, already too much isolated from the Porte. With their European power and European territoiy diminishing day by day, it was necessary for the Turks to look else where for allies, and to broaden the basis of their influence. The better sort of Turks, therefore, put their heads together, and resolved on removing and disgracing the Sultan and the whole of his family and substituting a Caliph who should ensure the respect of the whole Mohammedan world, and under whom all Islam, from China to Morocco, should unite in a vast league strong enough to make each of its parts respected in peace aud in war. The family of the Shereef of Mecca was chosen for the distinction. They were direct descendants of the Prophet, and had ruled at Mecca ever since his death, and had obeyed, without intrigues, the de facto territorial rulers. The present Sultan heard of the plot, and with characteristic subtlety became patron of the Panislamist thovement. The only difference was to be that he was to remain Caliph instead of being murdered to make way forthe Grand Shereef of Mecca. The movement is very likely to be crowned with temporary success. The Moslems who live most remote from the Caliph, and know least about him, are those who esteem him the most, and his name would be a source of strength and a rallying cry for the whole of North Africa. We have already seen the rapprochement to the Porte of Tewfik Pasha, the new Viceroy of Egypt, and the ostentatious adherence to Turkey of the Egyptian nationalist party, whose leaders have recently been ennobled. The propaganda has already extended to India, for the benefit of whose Mussulman population a special organ is printed in Constantinople in the Urdu language for Indian circulation, and a special envoy was sent by the Sultan to Kabul, at the recommendation of the British Government, to warn Sher Ali against Russia. Of all European statesmen, however, it is thought that Prince Bismarck sees most clearly, his profit in this renovation of Turkish and Mohammedan life, for, as we know, he is gradually tightening his hold upon Turkey, and can so influence the resur rection of Islamite life in North Africa as to distract the forces of France. Besides which, having gone as far as he has towards utilizing the Pope, it may occur to the Prince that the head of a strong united Mussulman Church may be an equally useful ally. What ye have to fear is that in countries not under the dominion of the Porte, a religious allegiance to the Sultan as Caliph may'be substituted for the political alle giance due to the territorial sovereigns of those countries, and revolution may be the result. One of such countries belongs to England, and we do not want its forty million Mohammedan inhabitants to have any doubt as to who is their ruler. Physiology at the University.— The commencement of lectures at the Adelaide University this week is marked by the inauguration of a series, which will be delivered on 'Human Physiology' by Dr. Stirling, the recently appointed lec turer upon this most important subject. The first of these lectures was given on Thursday, March 23, and as there were as many as fifty- one students present, it is evident that the new branch of study bids fair to be successful. Among those present were not only regular University students, but several from the Training School, as also schoolmasters,.. and others —both; sexes being, well represented^ Care has been taken; to' fix the fee^fj especially in the case oftKose'who aw-T not studying for any special degreei as low as possible, so that there. need- be, no reason why the class should not con siderably increase as the year advances, Tlie lecturer lias decided that the tw6 essential parts of the practical work involved in the study of physiology— namely, the dissection of animal organs, such as those of the sheep and' rabbit, and also the microscopic examination of tissues — shall be specially attended to, and mere book work will » not be solely depended upon. Efforts will be made also to render the lec tures as much as possible immediately applicable to the purposes of every-day life. Much of tlie infant mortality which now prevails to such an alarming extent ?' could be prevented did parents but know even a modicum of physiology, and the dissemination of such knowledge as might tend to ameliorate the present 8tate°of things will be of great value indepen dently of merely scientific interests. At present, the course is made more ele mentary than it will afterwards become, seeing that the students who will a year or two hence attend the lectures will be those preparing for the second - examination for the degree of Bachelor of Science. But the most important aspect ' in which the inauguration of the physio logical lectures is to be regarded is their bearing on the future medical school, winch it is the intention of the Univer Bity Council in time to establish. ' When students in South Australia can receive instruction from a gentleman such as the present lecturer, who has before this been entrusted with the tatsk of in Btructing the students attending one of the large London hospitals, there seems to be no reason in the world why those ?who are qualifying themselves for the medical profession should not receive at any rate a certain proportion of their training within tlie colony. At present the establishment of physiological lectures before any attempt lias been made to teach anatomy is rather an anomaly, as the latter study should be a preparation for the former. When, however, a course of anatomy lias been inaugurated, and the facilities for medical study afforded by the Adelaide Hospital have been taken advantage of— and the building, it may be noticed, is in very convenient proximity to the University — the present modest beginning will have developed into a complete medical school. The Council of the University is to be congratulated upon the evidenceaffordedby the number of students who have entered for the physiological course that its determination to introduce this new branch of study is approved by the public. , The Parliament.— A proclamation in the Government Gazette further prorogues Parlia. ment until Friday, April 28. Probate and Scccessiox Duties.-— Tlie Executive Council have made the fol lowing regulation with regard to these duties: — 'Whenever under the Pro bate and Succession Duty Act, 1876, it shall be necessary to assess the value of any annuity for the purpose of esti mating the duty payable in respect thereof, or in respect of any other real or personal estate, such annuity shall be assessed at the value of two-thirds of the value at which a similar annuity would be assessed in England . linder the provisions of the Succession Duty Act,1853.'V ! Naval Cadets.— The Gazelle contains the revised regulations for the examination under which four cadetsbips are given an nually to sons of gentlemen in the colonies on the recommendation of the Secretary of ' State for the Colonies. TELErnoNic Cojimusicatiox. — We are pleased to observe from a notice posted at the General Post-Office that telephonic com munication is now available between' Ade- laide and Fort Adelaide, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. daily, exceut Sundays. The rate of charges is to be one shilling and sixpence for the first ten minutes, and six pence for every additional five minutes or fraction thereof. Only one wire is at present available for the telephonic service. . Distress at Mount Poole.— The following telegram was received by the Government ? on Tlmrsday from Sir John Robertson:— 'Many thanks for your kind attention with regard to Mount Poole. I presume the flour - and goods on the road are a private venture. Please say if otherwise. Tell me fully on what terms they go. Shall avail ourselves of caravans of camels, drivers, &c.;, as described by you. Mr. King, our warden at Mount - Poole, will have full instructions for persons in charge of caravans.' . ;1_ 'The Smuggling Case.— Havinjj seen Mr. Muecke, J.P., the Vice-Consul of the German Empire^ we are able to correct an error in our ? paragraph of yesterday ons this snbject. Mr. Tidemariif was inserted as Mr. Tidemarsh, and the number of cigars seized was 2,400, instead of 24,000. It is not certain that the ~ Habricht will call at Albany, so that a ) message will only be sent on the arrival being reported. The vessel was to call if it became necessary to obtain coals. We hear that the owner of the cart in which the cigars were planted has been fined £10 by the Collector of Customs. \ Supreme Court. — His Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Andrews sat as the Pull Court on Thursday, Mr. Justice Boucaut being away on circuit. In the case of Tepper v. Tepper and Pavy, a rule nisi for dissolution of marriage was made absolute. In Clark v. Plummer, an appeal from the Local Court* . judgment was reserved. In the matter of the trusts of the will of John Peter Bishop, de ceased, the Public Trustee was appointed sole trustee of the will. In an application made on behalf of William Culross, who had served his articles for four years in Scotland, au order was made tbat after he had served another year he should be eligible for exami nation, and should be admitted as a practi tioner. The Court will sit again on Monday. Alleged Manslaughter by Parents. — The evidence given at the inquest held at Stirling West on the body of an infant eight months old, named Emma Wilkins, showed that it died through the gross neglect of its parents, against whom the Coroner's Jury re turned a verdict of guilty of manslaughter. From tlie testimony of several witnesses it appeared that the father had failed to find provisions for tlie child, and had compelled the mother to go out and chop wood; to the disgraceful neglect of the child, which was compelled to sleep in a horse's collar, and to ? slowly pine away from want of food. Both parents were committed for tnal at the next sessions. Water Supi-ly for Kadisa.— The Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P.. and Mr. Beaglehole, M.P., waited on the Chief Secretai-y on Thursday morning, March 23, and represented the necessity that existed for increasing the supply of water sent to the Peninsula. They alBo stated that their attention had been drawn to a well at Saints Station from which it was said an inexhaustible aupply_ could be obtained. Mr. Bray, in reply, pointed out that at present 14,000 gallons of water were ?'. delivered daily to Kadina, and that was the utmost quantity that the present appliances would permit ot being sent. He would, how ever, cause enquiries to tbe made as to the- . well at Saints Station, with a view of seeing whether an increased supply could be pro cured from it. Vital Statistics.— The number of births registered during February was 811, or 0*277 per cent, of the population, as against 704 and. 0*296 per cent, for the corresponding month. ? last vear. The deaths during the firstmen tioned period were 428, or O'14G of the popula tion, compared with 370, and 0-137 for Teb- 'ruary, 1881. The births in the city last month were 98 and the deaths 92, or 024 of - the inhabitants. Bush Fires.— The very hot weather which ' we have been experiencing during the past week has been signalized by a fresh outbreak of bush fires, On Thursday two were visible- - from tbe city— a small one on Mount Lofty, and a more extensive conflagration, which seemed to be rapidly spreading, in the ranges east of south from Adelaide. i Heavy Raixs i.v Western Australia.— By our telegrams from Perth it will be seen that the drought in 'Western Australia has ? completely broken up, and that rains there ' have been general, and in some districts qnite Heavy and accompanied by thunderstorms. CLAIM TO CITY PROPERTY.—We understand that an old colonist, named Mr. Finch, who is said to have come to this colony in the Rapid in the year 1836, has recently made a claim to the ownership of a Town Acre (No. 608) in Gilbert-street, the value of which has of late considerably increased. The claim has created some little gossip on 'Change, and, as is customary in such cases, the dimensions of the disputed property have developed con- siderably, until within the last day or two the quid nuncs asserted that Mr. Finch's presence in Adelaide would disturb the equanimity of certain holders of property in Hindley-street as well as in Gilbert-Street, and that a valuable section of land at Walkerville would also revert to the true original owner, and that Mr. Finch wonld once more find himself a wealthy man. The case, it was said, had been placed in the hands of a well known city solicitor, who had undertaken its management con amore in the confident hope of magnanimously helping an old colonist to regain possession of property, which, to use a mining expression, had been "jumped" dnring his absence from the colony. It is true, as we are now informed, that there is a claim, but it only has reference to the Gilbert-street property, and so far from its being a strong case for the applicant we understand that Mr. Finch three or four years ago received a sum of money for which he gave a full release to the present owners of the title-deeds. He evidently, however, feels himself aggrieved on some account, as he has on more than one occasion sought the help of the legal profession to enable him to regain possession of the property. He even denies giving the release, but we are informed that a document purporting to be a release, and containing a signature very much like that of Mr. Finch, is now in possession of a well-known city solicitor, who affirms that it is the identical document signed a few years ago by Mr. Finch, who would now no doubt like to have his property back again since its value has so much increased during recent years. Accidest. — On Wednesday evening a person named W. J. Pritchard took a man to the Police Station insensible, and with a large cut in his forehead, whom he stated he had found lying on the King William-road about 7 p.m. The injured man was con veyed to the Hospital still unconscious, and ?was consequently unable to give any account of himself. We are informed, however, by a gentleman who picked the unfortunate man lip, and helrjed to place him in the cab, that his name is William Nolan, and that he ?was in the employ of Messrs. Harrington and Co., limeburners, of Prospect, whose cart he was driving at the time of the accident. This was caused by the horse bolting just after passing the City Bridge where the road is now being taken up for some purpose or other— and by the vehicle coming in contact with one of the trees grow ing on the west side of the road, and so overturning, and throwing its two occupants heavily on to the footpath. The other man was not seriously hurt ; he was, we believe, the Mr. Pritchard who took Nolan to the Hospital. On enquiry at the Hospital at noon on Thursday we find that Nolan was still unconscious. The Late Agricultfbai, Show.— Through an inadvertence at the time of the last Show of the Agricultural Society, held on the 1st and 2nd March, the third prize in Class 61 for 'Merino combing wool, six fleeces shorn from rams that have been grazing at large on uncultivated lands only,' was not awarded ; but Mr. Coateshaving subsequently called the Judges together, they awarded the prize to Mr. J. H. Angas for his Hill River rams. North Adelaide Yousc Men's Society. —The opening meeting of the twenty-third session was held in the Society's rooms, Brougham-place, on March 20. The various reports were adopted. The average atten dance during the past session was not equal to that of previous years, but it is confidently expected that the ensuing one will show a very great improvement in this direction. .Several new members were proposed for admission, which, with the enthusiastic spirit of the meeting, augurs well for the continued prosperity of the Society. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year : — President, .Rev. 0. Copland ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. Erank Johnson and 6. F. Hussey ; Corresponding Secretary, Mr. W. H. Selway ; Minute Secretary, Mx. S. Rickards; Trea surer, Mr. E. Saint ; Librarians, Messrs. H. L. Anderson andT. Opie ; Auditors, MeBsrs. Fitch and Joyner. The Serious Accident et King Willlui boad.— We are informed by Mr. W. J. Pilcher, who was riding in Messrs. Harring ton's cart at the time it was overturned on Wednesday evening, when an emrjloye* of Mr. Harrington named William Nolan was thrown out and received very serious injuries to his head, that Nolan ?was driving at the time, and was under the influence of drink. After passing the City Bridge Nolan unaccountably pulled the horse on to the footpath, where one of the wheels of the trap struck a tree with great violence. This caused the vehicle to be overturned, and Nolan to receive such injuries to Ms head that he had to be conveyed to the Hospital, where he remained unconscious till after noon on Thursday. Mr. Pilcher, who had offered to drive previously, bat had not been allowed to do so, was also thrown on to the footpath, but escaped with a few slight braises. Semaphore Wesleyan Church.— A well attended social tea, given by the trustees of this Church to the members and adherents on Wednesday night, March 22, was followed by a gathering to whom Mr. Burton gave a racy lecture on his recent visit to England and Scotland. Mr. J. B. Hack, presided, supoorted by the minister (the Rev. S. F. Prior). Marts k Board. — This body met on Thurs day morning and accepted Mr. Lovely's reply to the charge respecting silt supplied to Largs Bay Land Company as satisfactory. At the same time they disclaimed having given credence to the report against him, having at once referred it to him for expla nation. An anomaly appeared in connection with the groimding ot the ship Cnmeria in ? harbour. The Harbour Pilot held a certificate of competency from the Board, yet they professed to have no control over his con duct in the discharge of his dnty. The President's report for the year 18S1 was laid on the table. It was stated that it did not bind in any way the Wardens to any opinions expressed. The report is full of interesting matter relating more particularly to deepen ing operations at the various outports. Fire in Rundle-street.— The Tavistock Buildings in Rundle-street east had a narrow escape from destruction by fire shortly after midnight. The most easterly tenement, occupied by Mr. J. O'Leary as a boarding-house, became at the hour mentioned suffused with smoke, and on the inmates searching for the cause it was discovered that a quantity of old rags and other things that had been stowed away in a little cellar towards the back of the premises, was on fire, and had already began to burn through a narrow staircase leading to the ground floor. The fire brigade was at once sent for, and No. 7 Reel was soon on the spot, followed by No. 2. It took very little time to extinguish the flames, and not much damage was done. The cause of the fire seems to be a mystery. While the Brigade were engaged here some one raised an alarm that there was a fire behind the Academy of Music, but on proceeding there with No. 2 Reel the men found they had been hoaxed. TnE Seed- Wheat Meeting. — We have been requested to publish the following letter addressed to the Mayor of Adelaide and read ? 'be feed-wheat nieeting held on March 22 on the Town Hall :— ' Dear Sir— Re meeting at lOWn Hall, at 3 o'clock, as I cannot attend, would express my fullest sympathy with the object of the meeting, and will continue as I have been doing to secure seed wheat for my clients. Wishing you every success in the object of vonr meeting, and that sufficient will be raised to assist those fanners who cannot provide seed wheat for themselves.— I am, &c;, M. Kixcjsborough.' The Proposed March-out. — There is some fear of the scheme for the proposed march out of the defence force at Easter falling through from a variety of causes. It is said that many of the men find so much difficulty in arranging matters with their employers for the four or five days' holiday necessary that they have abandoned the idea of joining in the campaign, and there are others who can go, but do not care about it. It is altogether a voluntary affiur, and some of our defenders prefer private holiday-making to campaign ing—therefore they exercise their privilege of refusing. A number of patriotic men ofdif tercnt branches of the service have sent in their names, but the length of the list is not considered sufficient to warrant the march oufc being entered upon on the scale intended. \\\ e understand, however, that the redcoats, npon whom a good deal depended, having hung back, energetic spirits amongst the Rifle Volunteer Force do not intend to accept the thing as a failure, but are taking active steps to make the Easter expedition a company affair. Captain Carter has called a meeting to -day with a view to securing a muster. It is a matter for extreme regret that there should 1c any apathy shown oa the part of the defence force generally, because the advan tage of the experience gained upon expedi tions where camp life and camp discipline are the main elements is almost beyond question. The Easter expedition of last year, though not on a large scale, was productive of much good to those engaged who chose to apply themselves to the lessons it taught. Theatre Royal.— A large and very de moi'strative audience witnessed the repeti tion of 'Les Cloches de Corneville' at the Theatre Royal, and considering the closeness of the weather the enthusiasts might have tempered their delight with discretion in the matter of encorea-HiupHcate warbling, with the thermometer at tip-toe, is rather hard for vocalists, however many iced-clarets they may take behind the scenes. The opera, however,- was carried out conscientiously, and the encores submitted to with an amount of good humour that seemed . like a satire upon the impatience of the auditory to get twice as much as they were entitled to. Mr. Harwood revelled in gag and grimaces as the Basilic, a^d cre&tea; fP7 ftm9W»t tf amusement by his humour. His make up s good, but not equal to that of Mr. Edwin Kelly as Gaspard the miser. Mr. Kelly deserves praise for his realistic acting in the haunted castle. There is much dramatic force about his performance, and he never loses sight of the strange character he is playing. His Gaspard is an even rendering throughout, and by no means overdone even in the trying act when Gaspard gloats over his hoarded gold in the ancient chateau of Corneville. By-the-way, Grenicheux, who is concealed in a suit of old armour, should put his visor down and wear gauntlets ; his hands and face are rather too prominent, and could not fail to be detected even by an old miser dazzled by the glitter of gold. Gaspard on Thursday night was close upon creating a catastrophe by nearly capsizing Grenicheux in his suit of steel while wheeling him about in the capacity of the ghost of a defunct knight. 'Les Cloches' will be given again to-night. Royal Park Football Club.— The first general meeting for the season 1882 was held at the Brecknock Hotel on Thursday, March 23 ; Mr. J. Branton in the chair. The Sec retary read the report, which showed a small balance to the club. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers, who responded m a very suitable manner. Mr. W. Giffen proposed, and Mr. H. Macklpw seconded, that the club should not go iinto the senior Association, as they would be very heavily handicapped by the older clubs. Tliis was lost by a majority of nine. The meeting expressed their dissatisfaction at the way the club had been slighted by the instigators of the junior Association in being left out. The following officers were elected: — Patron, Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P. ; President, Mr. C. C. Kingston, M.P. ; Vice- Presidents, Councillor Shaw, Messrs. W. Jones, W. W. Killicoat, W. W. Crane, Dr. J. F. Joyce, W. Holland, F. Tidmarsh; Captain, W. Samels; Vice Captain, H. Macklow; Secretary, J. Lyons; Treasurer, J. Austin; Committee, Captain and Secretary, W. Giffen, C. Martin, and J. Brunton. The colours of the club were left the same as last season (blue-and-white). Rechabitism at Hi--i-ma:rsh.— On Wed nesday evening, March 22, the Star of Free dom Tent, I.O.R., Bowden, celebrated their twenty-first year of existence by having a well-attended tea meeting in the Brompton Wesleyan Schoolroom. After tea an enter tainment was held in the Institute Hall, over 400 persons being present. Mr. Councillor E. Gould, P.D.C.R., presided. A well-arranged programme of songs, B0I03 (vocal and cornet), glees, and recitations was contributed by Mesdames Wheeler and Gunn, and Messrs. Bennet, Bishop, Cook, B. Gould, Jenkins, Lowe, T. W. Lawton, Mitchell, John Picker ing, Wheeler, and Joseph Vardon. During the evening presentations were made by the D.S. of a degree scarf to James W. Lawton, of the Sons of Freedom Tent, Bowden ; framed and glazed testimonials to P.C.R. Albert J. Barnes and P.D.C.R. John Pickering, jun. The Secretary, Mr. T. W. Lawton, read the report, which showed that the Star of Freedom Tent was opened on the 22nd March, 1861, with thirteen members, including four honorary members. Seven of the founders were still members of the Tent. The number on the roll was 103. During the twenty-one years existence of the Tent the sum of £2,216 8s. 3d. had been received as contributions, £492 0s. lid. for interest, and £466 5s. 4d. had been paid for sick pay, or £25 15s. 7d. less than the amount received for interest. The total worth of the Tent's funds was £1,024 6s. 6d., or an average of £10 4s. lOd. for each subscribing member. In October, 1869, a Juvenile Tent was opened under the superin tendance of the senior Lodge, which its mem bers conld join on attaining the age of seven teen years. The present number of juvenile members was thirty-three ; total worth of funds £149 Os. 8d. , or an average of £4 10s. 3|d. for each subscribing member. P.D.C.R B. Gould stated that the Female Juvenile Lodge had not progressed as satisfactorily as could be wished. New Town Hall, Norwood.— The special meeting of the Kensington and Norwood Council on Thursday evening, called to consider the designs for the new Town Hall, did not effect its purpose. Other business was introduced at the beginning of the sitting, which so occupied the attention of the Councillors that it was 9.30 before the special business cropped up. Then it tran spired that one Councillor liad not inspected the plans through insufficient time and another was away, so it was decided to adiourn their consideration till Monday next. Vehicle Accident.— Whilst going along Pirie-street towards Norwood on Thursday morning, a young man named Giddings, engaged in the Advertiser office, had a narrow escape from being seriously injured by a colt which was being ridden in the opposite direci tion. Mr. Giddings was in a phaeton, and. just as he was passing the colt it swerved, and rearing to a great height, came down on the trap. The lamp was smashed, also the splash boards, and the horse struck Mr. Giddings on the side and hip, entirely break ing his watch and greatly bruising his side. The doctor whom he subsequently consulted said the escape was miraculous, as had he been struck a little more horizontally he would inevitably have been killed. Port Germeix Post-Office.— Mr. Dowdy, J.P., presented to the Chief Secretary on Thursday morning a memorial from the in habitants of Port Germein requesting that the Government should retain the present site on the Government reserve for the erection of a post-office. He said the memorial was signed by pearly every business man in Port Ger mein, and that the inhabitants generally knew nothing of the intention of a former deputation that had waited on the Govern ment on the matter. The residents were anxious that the question should be at once settled, as tenders had been sent in and the contractor was waiting to go on with the work. The matter was afterwards discussed by the Cabinet, and it was decided to erect the post-office on the Government reserve as requested. Education*.— A correspondent sends us the following: — 'The Moorooroo Board of Advice have been very active of late with respect to the carrying out of the compulsory clauses of the Education Act. This district includes about a dozen schools, so situ ated that they are available for nearly all children in the district, being within a radius of two miles from one place or another. Several meetingsbavebeenneld andnumerous notices served on the parents. In several cases where all persuasion and caution were found of no avail, the Board resolved that in formations should be laid against them. On Wednesday, the 22nd inst., the Superin tendent of School Visitors (Mr. J. H. Vockins) attended at the Traro Local Court to prosecute in the cases of Francis Bayer, of Stockwell (two children), and VaJent Sannders, of Traro, both of whom had neglected to send their children to school the requisite number of days during the quarter ending December last. Mr. Miller, J.P., presided, and fined the defendants in each case 5s., and los. costs, at the same time informing them that a much heavier fine would be imposed on the next occasion. August Traeger was also summoned to the Tanunda Local Court on Thursday List for a similar offence. Mr. Carl Willbuth, J.P.. was on the Bench. The defendant was fined 5s., and 15s. costs, and received a similar caution as in the above cases. The attend ance of the children at the various schools in the above district is on the whole very fair. Port Adelaide Chess Club.— The fourth annual meeting of this club took place at the Port Adelaide Institute on Thursday night, March 23. Mr. David Bower, M.P., pre sided, and there was a good attendance. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. E. Govett) read the import, in which the committee congratu lated the club on its continued prosperity, and the fact so far as the colony was concerned the Port Club had done much to increase the popularity of chess. When the Port Club was started there were only two other regular clubs in South Australia. With these it contested during the first year of its life, but after the contest with the Moonta Mines Club there was a perceptible movement amongst chess players, and several attempts to form chess clubs throughout the colony were made. Clare led ; Port Victor. by the energy of Mr. MacArthur, formerly of the Moonta Mines, followed ; and spasmodic societies were initiated at Kadina and Wal laroo. Within another six months a chess club had been formed at Narridy, and at two or three places besides chess meetings were held. Afterwards a good club was formed at Wellington, and the Southern Argus published a chess column in its weekly issue. A few months went by, and on the advent of Mr. R A. Holmes, of the Port Club, at Port Pirie, a chess club was formed there, and it has become one of the best clubs out of Ade laide. Another had been formed at Port Augusta, and others were talked about. The committee were pleased to mark the flourish ing condition of the game in the colony, a3 also that the Adelaide Club was reorganising tourneys. There was a good attendance of members at the club room through out the year. There had been a very general improvement in the quality of the play of the members. Not only had the book openings come into more favour, bnt those who nad not time to study them had atoned by cultivating a better all-round style. A very successful club tourney was held during the past season. There were thirteen entrances and four prizes, of which one, worth £.! 5s., was given by Mr. Bower, two by the Club, and one by Mr. Joshua Evans. After thanking the donor3 men tion was made that the prizes were won by Messrs. Trowell, Tomsett, King, and Rneebone. The last three winners be longed to the third and fourth classes, which showed the accuracy of the iandjcerpfEs. ite dub had yearly IisIa a tourney, the last excelling all. Two club matches had been played with the Ade laide and Moonta Mines, and in both the Ports were victorious. It was the first occa sion of the club scoring a victory over the city team. The committee recommended that the thanks of the club be given to the Chess Editors of the Observer and Chronicle for their regular supply of chess-slips for their use. The club numbered twenty-six members, of whom two were honorary. Several new members, however, awaited election. The finances showed receipts £35 16s., the pay ments leaving a credit balance of £4 16s. The report and balance - sheet were adopted with much satisfaction, and the following officers elected : — Patron, Mr. D. Bower, M.P. ; President, Cap tain Bickers, J.P. ; Vice - President, Mr. H. W. Thompson, J.P. (Mayor of Port Adelaide) ; Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. E. Govett ; Committee, Messrs. F. R. Burton, A. Martin. F. Bell, W. Cook. It was resolved to hold another tourney, in con nection with which the Chairman offered a prize. The arrangements as to handicapping, &c.;,were left to the committee, with Mr. J. H. Kneebone. The subject of a game of chess with living pieces, to be played in the Town Hall was bronght forward, and His Worship the Mavor offered to assist the project materially. Ifc was, however, left over for further consideration. South-East Agricultural Statistics.— We gather the following statistics from the Border Watch with reference to the last harvest in the South-East District :— ' In the District of Mount GambierEast, which this year holds the premier position among the agricultural districts of South Australia, the area under wheat last year was 2,767 acres, and the yield 49,753 bushels, an average for the district of 17 bushels 582 lb. per acre. The area under barley was 261$ acres, yield ing 7,188 bushels, or an average of 27A bushels. The area under oats was 87 acres, and the yield 1,945 bushels, or an average of 22J bushels per acre. Last harvest 179£ acres were under peas, and the yield was 3,284 bushels. The area sown for hay last year was l,0G3 acres, and the quantity cut 2,443^ tons, or an average of 2£ tons per acre, lhe area put under potatoes was 2,052 acres, and the yield (although the returns must be merely approximate) was 7,118£ tons, or an average of just over 3£ tons per acre. There are 105 acres under gardens, exclusive of vines ; and 52J acres under hops, estimated to yield 414 cwt. In the District of Mount Gambier West, or the Hundred of Blanche, 2.579 acres were under wheat last season, and the yield was 42,761 bushels, giving the fine average of 16 bushels 32$ lb. per acre. Last harvest 129 acres were under barley, and the yield was 3,387 bushels, or an average of 26| bushels. Here also 56 acres were under oats, the yield being 997 bushels, or an average of 17£! bushels per acre. Six hundred and eighty-six acres were sown for hay last season, and the yield was 1,305 tons, or nearly two tons per aere ; 882 acres were planted with potatoes, yielding 3,275 tons, an average of 3g tons per acre. In the Hundred of Mayura 1,322 acres were under wheat, and the yield was 6,777 bushels, or an average of 5 bushels lh lbs. per acre ; in the Hundred of Hindmarsfi 1,516 acres were in wheat, and the yield was 13,936 bushels, or an average of 9 bushels 11J lbs. ; in the Hun dred of Young 412 acres were under wheat, and the yield was 6,560 bushels, or 16 bushels per acre ; and in the Hundred of Grey 19 acres were under wheat, yielding 350 bushels, or an average of 18 bushels per acre.' Mile Race.— We are informed that on Thursday a mile ra;e for £5 a side took place at the Exhibition Building between two pedestrians named Clarke and Eldridge. It was won by Clark by about three yaras in the remarkably short time of 4 min. 15 sec, the quickest on record in this colony for a similar distance. Mr . Oswald Brown.— The A rgus of March 21 contains a leading article on the subject ef the Adelaide sewage works, at the conclusion of which it strongly recommends that Mr. Brown's opinion should be obtained before he leaves for England, as to the best way of draining the Melbourne metropolitan dis tiicr. Sudden Death.— The police received in timation on Thursday of the sudden death of the child of Thomas Whittington, aged five years, which occurred at his residence, Uraidla, at 3 a.m.f on that day. Information ha3 been conveyed to the Coroner, who is making enquiries. t Messrs. P. Falk & Co.'s Factory.— The increasing business of this firm has lately necessitated an addition to their business premises in the shape of a new factory for the accommodation of the working jewellers employed by the firm. The old workroom, which has become too small, was situated at the back of the firm's warehouse in Gawler place, but sufficient space not being available there for the erection of new premises they have been built in Chesser-street, off Grenf ell- street. They consist of a one-story brick and stone building, with the necessary front offices and a spacious, well- ventilated work room behind, which, when completed, will be fitted up with all the necessary appliances for carrying on the goldsmith's art. The employes have alreadybeen in occupation for more than a week, and what remains to be done finished is principally the erection of a gas-engine to drive the heavier machines, such as rollers and punches. There are six working benches, almost all able to accommo date six workmen, and in one corner of the room the smelting apparatus is fixed. It consists of four furnaces, two of which are worked by water-power, while the 'strong natural draft in the other two is found sufficient for all purposes. North Adelaide Primitive Methodist Church. — Social tea and public meetings held in this church on Wednesday, March 28, in order to do honour to Mr. G-. Wright, who has for a considerable time held the office of leader of the choir in that place. At the public gathering Mr. W. Diment, J.P., presided. The meeting was addressed by the Rev. W. Diment, Messrs. J. Turnbnll, M. March, G. Bickle, J. Canning, andH. Bower. Several sacred songs were contri buted by members of the choir. The notable feature of the evening was the presentation of a handsome tea and coffee service to Mr. Wright, in recognition of his past efficient sen-ices. The Rev. W. Diment, in making the presentation, warmly acknowledged these, and said the congregation were deeply anxious that Mr. Wright should continue as leader of the choir. They were fully per suaded that he had the ability to fiil the position he had so long occupied amongst them, and that, with the help of an efficient choir, he would be quite equal to the respon sibilities of leadership in the new church, which they hoped in a few weeks to open. Mr. Wright suitably replied, expressing his appreciation of the confidence reposed in him, and his determination to do his best to assist in making the singing department in creasingly successful. Votes of thanks closed a very enjoyable meeting Good Templars.— A meeting of the Execu tive of the Grand Lodge of South Australia was held at the Grand Lodge Office, on Wednesday evening, March 22. Brother A. Leane opened the Grand Lodge in usual form. There was a large attendance of representa tives and visitors. The officers' report to gether with the balance-sheet was read and adopted, showing the Order to be financially in a far better position than it had been for years, there being a credit balance of £116 17s. Sd. The election of officers followed:— Brother Geo. Howell elected G.W.C.T. ; G.W.C., T. Leane; G.iV.V.T., A. C. Belcher; G.S.J.T., G. R. Brown; G.W.S., T. Peryman; G.W.T., A. Leane; G.W.C., J. E. Pascoe; G.W.M., W. Tolley; D.G.W.M., Sister Pascoe; A.G.S., E. Kessell; G.G., W. Rowland; G.S., P. Ganoni ; G.M., W. Clatworthy. After the installation, the G.W.S. read telegrams from the W.G.S. of Australasia, and from country Lodges, wishing the Order a prosperous year, and expressing loyalty to the Grand Lodge of South Australia, to which suitable replies were forwarded. It was resolved—' That we heartily join in the expressions of congratu lation tendered to our oeloved Queen on her providential escape from recent attempted assassination.' lhe Grand Lodge tax was fixed at 4d. per member, and the various committees appointed for the year. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, March 18, were :— Births— 90 males, 9S females; deaths— 40 males, 20 females ; total, 197 births, 66 deaths. Excess of births 131. For the District of Adelaide. —Births— 30 males, 37 females ; deaths -13 males, 13*feinales ; total, 73 births, 26 deaths. Excess of births. 47. Norwood Football Club.— The annual meeting will be held at the Plough and Harrow this evening. Trial of Washing Machines and Water i.ikters.— A trial of Flood's washing machines and water-lifters will take place at the Australian Implement Company's yards this afternoon. Land Sale.— We are requested by Mr. Addi son to call attention to the imoortant Sale, in the Town Hall to-morrow afternoon, of valuable Subur ban Land at Sonthwark, close to the city, with nothing but the Park Lands intervening between it and Xorth and South Adelaide. tST A saving of 25 to DO per cent, ma; be made by purchasing your Jewellery at Basse's, Gawler-place, third door iroin Rundle-street. His goods are all sold at manufacturing prictw, ef superior workman ship and chasta design. Ins jection invited. 13mwfc tST Worth Knowing.— That the Largest Cloth ing and Tailering Premises in Adelaide, and the Best, most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Yonth's, and Boys' Clothing and Ontfittings is at G and W. tshierlaw's Glasgow House, 11, Hindley street Proof is the test: trv them. 216c?d S3' My Friends— I am not an aboriginal, but am a native-born. I love my country, but I do not like the hot weather: it seems to unnerve, unstring, exhaust me. I asked my_ medical adviser to recom mend me a tonic He said—' Euy a bottle of Tonic Flowers ; take a wineglassful three times a day ; it will cure yon.' I did. It did restore me 1 Hurrah toALUlteuiTwicrjOKen ft 