HYDRAULIC POWER AT HOME. dailt news. Porsons with an engineering turn of mind h&vo; often made it their hobby to render their houses mechanical curiosities. Mr, Edgeworth appears to have been given to this mode of exorcising bis ingonuity. His house, says Sir Henry Holland, was full of contrivances for making tho ordinary acts of lifo sub serve other and unforeseen uses. The mere opening and shutting ocrtoin doors, for instance, sot in motiou machinory for winding up clocks or raising weights in other parts of the house. Wiustanlcy, the unfortunate builder of n wooden Hghthouso on tho Eddystone, was another cccentrio genius who delighted in such mechanical contrivances, which in his bauds often took the form of practical jokes. A visitor to his house who should put his foot into a slippor in his bedroom conjured up a ghost on the hearthrug before him. He would throw himself into an easy chair and imme diately fiud himself firmly clasped in tho arms of it, and if he sauntered into an ar bor in the garden he would presently bo as tonished- to fii.d' himself afloat on a canal. When olectriei&us;, and sanitarians and engi neers of one Bort and another havo worked their will with us for another genera tion or two, most of our houses will probably bo as full of mechanical contrivances. The latest project for London is one by which hydraulin power is to bo placed at the dtapowil of anybody who cares to have oue more pipe carried into his premises, aad does not object to the periodical visits of one more rate collec tor. Few people know much about this hydraulic force, or what it can be made to do. Very few are a ware how multifarious ure the functions it already performs. Just now and again it is brought into prominence nuioug the forces at the disposal of engineers, and people almost stand aghast at its treineudoun capa bilities. There aro those who will remember tho sensation ooens oned by the exhibition of its power at tho Menai tubular bridge, where two tuiios, each weighing nearly 2000 tons, had to be hoisted 100 feet into the air. A later dis play of it wns in the launching of tlie Great Eastern. Brunei, it may be remembered, found it necessary to shove the monster he had created sideways down into tho water. Tho total weight of tho vessel was, we suppose, some 10,000 or 12,000 tons, and some very faint idea of the power that was brought to bear upon it may possibly bo conveyed by the statement that one of tho hydraulic rams burst under a pressure of 12,000 lb. to tlie square inch. Tho mention of a ship in this connection recalls to mind a curious ap plication of this some force, and on no trivial scale, on board tho ill-fated Bessemer steam ship. This vessel,' as everybody knows, was intended to do away with sea-sickness, and in the middle of it had a swinging saloon, some 70 feet long, the least movement of which could be counteracted by a slight motion of tho hand operating on an hydraulic ram. Another unfortuuate scheme presonted a very striking display of this tremendous force. The stoaxn ferry across the Thames, near tho Thames tunnel, hud to be brought at all states of the tide oa a level with a platform on oither side of thcriver, or rather the platformshadtobe brought on a level with the ferry, und it was very curious to see what had the appearance of a section of a roadway, aud perhaps three or four heavily-laden oarts or vans with their men and horses, all lifted or dropped by a slight movement of a single hand upou a lever. The unobtrusivencss of the force is vory iniproa- sivo. There is none of the fuss and fume of steam power, and the actual hydraulic machinery lies iu a wonderfully small com pass. All the premises of the various Dock companies in the port of London are pcr- mcatod by this force, yet there is little to seo and no noise. Jumbo may be hoisted on board a vessel, cr dock gates may he opened or shut, or hogsheads of sugar may be lifted out of the hold of a vessel as though tliy were so many nutmegs, hut there are no engines to bo soen, and tbc men who manipulate tho power rarely know anything about it. The cranes iu tbo West India Docks will, we believe, lift 30 tons with ease, and at Woolwich the same silent power must, we suppose, be capable of doing twice or three times as much. This same giant is as capable of small achievements as of great onos. In the West Indian Docks, for in stance, it has within tho past year or two been set to perform what looks to ho rather an igno minious task by comparison with most of its doings. All coffee coining iuto the dock here is turned out of the receptacles it comes in, in order to be sorted according to the size aud color of the berry. When it cornea to bo re turned to the casks iu which it ha3 arrived, there is always a difficulty in getting it in, and laborers uted to be employed to thuinp tho sides of the barrels with mallets. This thump ing is now done by hydraulic power. The barrel is placed in the middle of a machine, and a little handle is turned. This alternately puts on and outs off the water power, and a number of irou beators first spring out from tho sides of the receptacle and then fall heavily bock again, shaking the colfee beans into their places in about one minute, a task which it formerly took six men five minutes to perform. Another very curious and pretty function is here required of this useful agent, and it is one which must, we fancy, do a good deal to re concile Londoners to the idea of tolerating another system of pipes for the disturbance of the streets. Iu tho docks the water-mains are under constant pressure ; but here, as else where, it is found that as a means of grappling with a fire tbo pressure is altogether inade quate. Tho first outburst of the water is powerful enough j but the fact of its outburat- ing instautly relieves tho pressure, and the column of water falls, and is no longer available for any considerable height. The dock com panies, however, are able moat effectually to remedy this by carrying into their staudpipes a jet from their hydraulic mains. Reinforced by this powerful auxiliary, tho column of water which spirted up feebly and mostly in the form of a spray rises instantly in a dense and effective stream to a groat height. The company about to carry these hydraulic maius through the Htrocts for the conveni ence of anyone who chooses to pay for it have, it must be confessed, a strong point over and above their Act of Parliament when they urge that they will bo prepared to do for tbe public protection just what tbe dock companies now do for their own security. They will have their pipes undor the roadway alongside the water mains, und it will but require that a connection shall be provided between tho two systems at each standpipo to render their pres sure of some 700 lb. or 800 lb. to the squ&ro; inch available for fire extinction purpose). This would undoubtedly rentier the standpipe system efficient, whereas at present it is very generally found to be a failure. 