EDWIN BOOTHIS- COMPANY IN a mis. A correspondent, writing from Now Haven, Connecticut, on November 38',, nays :— 'I oend you a hurried line to tell you of' the- funniest performances imaginable. Iihin week we are (ilayinir in nne-uighttown*,. hnd we loft .New York yesterday morning, for Waterbury, with tne intention 01 - playing -ivioriGuen in tne evening. As we rode' from, the- littlu railway station up to our hotel v/« obsenfud how ex Ot'llently we were billod,. and,. &n; we hui beard that the adrunce hookiiwr wua Krent, we anticipated a. very. Suo huaae. Every thing looked promising until tha last moment, when it was discovered- that oar baggagr, whioh comprised our. wardiob» anil pro perties, and whioh hud been despatched early on Bunday. morning from Bultimote, had somewhat gone astray, ou i'f« rond, and wiiB miles away from tho company. What was to be done ? ? A diamieenl appeared certain, substitutes for the play, announced were sug gested, but we woro destitute of drosses and props. At 7S0 ' the theatre, vna crowded. Punctually -to timo the aurbii» was raiaed, dis olosing to the astonished: midii-uce Mr. Bsoth and the entire couv^nuy in lheir ordizary travolling.dreBS. . Mr. Boo'h appealed to- the audience nyplo^etiecily, HtnteJi briefly the situ ation, and nftemrtj inKipuA aH -? Rinh«li«l^*' tn $o through the first tbaee *tta of ' HumleS,' if they woiild ov-rloalt th& 'trifling' ' i&aonu-; ruciea of - oostnme. 'i'hu ajv;Suuse with vhich this littlu speeci,- wm jeooived toolified to the good temper vS she uudiehof-. and in a few. minuttb*bha pjay beijan. Ultra tio npp»aroi- in thra Ilruti seene in a monkey j.ioket andirounil -felt- hat - while Ham'M, in a uut-away» ooat, »pu«tic-pi-ii*ing his ?ntrier'» ghost, who.was-al-id in light tweed trovjwr* aud Btand up collar with, niold fice, wu- nunnthine to remember. MW Hilt* PiUeuinn, a,v Ophtlia, uppenied:in a durb b«wn tr-ivolling r-Bna, em bollixed at ^0 last rjj.-tjient with j- cloud of whita lacu pxtrohised' at n ? eighbovsims store. Z(!-t-.Vj. wor&f;.bl-iepHi-f huh, and Jooke-l like the captain ofi a ri«» Msamnr, whii» Potonim looiedLtjuiuuntly d*iit-»l in a. i-lnc-t tr^ ck coat, uud, for laokof via neouHsary reojuiaitux, up p»nred without hix (tadiiioiuvl buurd. There w»a-nc- puiiaihilityol1 maUint; up 'for the parts, ii'jd- the King of Denmuut, with a dark moust'ioko ind clad in a forty dollar aportin^ mit, lookod like Bob JlicJcetl, more on ti» Bpreo tj^n ever. The oTening.'k unteitainuent oonc'jded with ' The Quiet Family,* in vhioh th&\- Jioyal Uourt of Denmirk agfua appeared UJhfldr other mimes, but ia the same catiniet. j'jooi the applnusH with which Sbo outtrtiiinmtjiV wuh received, it wuii evident tho aiuiouce did not share the distrenH-oi tho actorsplucaiii 110 unexpeotudly in il [x-sition both emborasaisig aud novel. Very fow c ?mparatively oiked tot the return of their money, and we louve 4ia town richer by a, thnusauc) dollars, rettt-i by '\ performauca wbich, for origiuuity,. )iua perhaps not beej equalled in this gontravion ' A Looking Gl-63 Tu*vx Kkf.t Lomo — Tho King of Siaru will ja a short timo bo tho 30a. Hcssor of one of thfr^neat speeiraona of dcoorn' tiv» art as applimlto tho munut'acturo of glass which was ever made iu England. ftlleBsra Oaler, of London ind Birmingham, hnyo had on view at 100 Oaford-atireet u i?raud plateau, 56 t-iet long, to ox'.eud lho whole longth ot a dii'ing table, luidoof looking glaBH, with spaou for u bordor of cut or growing flowers, and beautifully ornamor.U'd with glass glaquea and the arms of the kifii; in the same material. Upon thia ataud Moorish temples enclosing foiintains, which pliy with u pleasant silvery houivi, receptaolea fir ferns anu dessert disbei, with elegant oandeUbra. heto and there, while thu whole being -f tho fiuost and. jiurest 1 material \\\ has a vey dwaling eS«ot, 