SEE CAUSES OF IRELAND'S PO VERTY AND OPPRESSION. 35 BEV. GEO. W. PEPPEBi A METHODIST MINISTEB." . V" The followiugASB- condensed report; of a IS&anksgiving; sermon delivered in the Xetliodist Episcopal Church at Sandusky, Ohio. It is well worthy of perusal Alas, what a contrast when we turn our yes from this magnificent country to un fortunate and prostrate Ireland ! The World li'!S been so long filled with reports «f Irish destitution, presented with every garnish that the imagination could suggest, that mankind has become weary of its groans. The poverty of Ireland is incon ceivably great, and is accompanied by Many frightful and disgusting adjuncts ! I recently visited the very heart of Pro- testae Ulster, where the agents ef the larbar >us landlord system, and their Juppor:ers upon this side of the Atlantic Wave, have told us that the people were contented and happy. I found squalor sod discontent beyond description or be- H.i / V .t. <" « I tlwi n'.ctf itrn oil an. |iei. vy« Mil pn I ru »HJi nir nioii/uvu- »ess and actual hunger of these Protestant labore s, weavers, and farmers, the condi tion of the people of Naples and other countries of the Continent is far superior. Jn tile coun- iesnf Dunn, Antrim, Armagh, Tyrone and Donegal, I saw scenes of cuffering rn nuli to sicken human nature. It was but h succession of horrors. I s ,w hundreds of men, women, and children without shoes upon their feet, dothed in rags. I s-»w ihcrn under cover #f the night, because they were not decently covered, going forth to their neighbors to buy three ounces of butter and a penny's worth of buttermilk. I saw thousands of laborers, whose looks were more like vitalized ghosts than human beings, every trace of manhood on', working until the sweat fell in Beaded drops from their brows, for twenty- five cents or :hirty cents per day. I saw noble and venerable women who had been thrown into the gaols and hells of des potism, because they were unable to pay the immoral and outrageous rents de manded by i heir taskmasters. I saw the JUluni m uu trans, mu iumcii »uon,uv,u sties where ihey slowly die of starvation. There arc 294,000 houses of one room in Ireland, c-vering a population of two ttillii ns ! A hole for a door and a hole for a window, and one room inside for a pigsty, parlor, bedroom, and kitchen. Such are the wretched ahodes of 40 per cent, of the population which I visited. It may be confiden'ly affirmed that there is no kraal in K-iffirland which pre- ? sents more hideous indications of utter — fKrtv» tlio rjrjr p'lff r\f IVftlaJld called the province of Ulster. Here is a Specimen or two of the brutality of the aristocratic gove nors of poor Ireland ; a peasant on Lord Leitrim's estate built a decent house in the place of the thatched cabin in which he was living. With great pride he entered Ids new re-idence, ex pecting the first time his landlord would pass, he w«uld say; "Well done." But Leitrim, the tyrant and ruffian, demanded to know where the old house was. "Turned it in o a eow-house," said the tenant. "Without my permission," exclaims the landlord ; " then go back to the old cabin and put the cow in the new one." Lord Iiurean, another of these titled vagabonds, in the csunty Armagh, commanded a tons, to he pulled down and levelled to the gr-und because the poor woman did not come to the door and salute his lord- pun' "u-n IIC "ft imai/iici uweiiui. Wh :n T saw and heard of these outrages my hl.f .d boiled in my v- ins, and I regis tered a vow in Heaven that I would never Test: until this banded and infamous system was swept from Ireland's blooming parndi-e f w evor. The charge that Ireland's miseries are to he a-fi- ibed to drunkenness, indolence, and religion are false. »nd infamously false. T saw more intemperance in Wrex ham. W.iles, on one Saturday night, than I saw in Ireland in four weeks. The most hear- -rending destitution, I believe, was in tli i County Tyrone, in which there is sixteen .<qunre miles where there is not 8 drop of intoxicating liquor sold. The statistics of the Govcnmen' show that there is less intemperance in Ireland than in any of the British Isles. It is simply disgu ting and slanderous for religious edi'o;s and clerical bigots to charge the tron! lif'Q nf ill/ prinntrr nnnn trliiolrnw I L"rd Macaulay once said that wlien a slander became stale, and was forced to leave the bar or the prc-s. it always found a refuge in the pulpit. The assertion i.» not entirely true o! the princes of pulpit orxtoi-y in the United States. Beecher, Talmagp, Alger, Swing, Thomas, Read, Moody, Colly er, and Crosby have spoken word? most swe-t. brave, and eloquent, in behalf "f the oppressed in Ireland and evervwhere. It is only a few of the most narrow and illiberal of our ministers who visit Ireland and defend the landlords. This class, when they visit that country, only see the cities; thev never penetrate into ihc interior; and they are usually in the keeping of the rich, whose guests they are ; snd hence they can form no correct idea of the condition of the people. In our own country there were ministers ef th» go-pel who went down the South in the days of slavery and returned full of praises for slavery. They wrote books extolling the slaveholders, who sold their own red blood on the auction block, as Christian gentlemen, as angels I 'I M £k On AfA r J t t. . v Jiupruviueiice HBS opce thoroughly exploded by the accomplished Sr'iT f tho ChicaS "Tribune." Mt Medill spent months in Ireland. He demonstrated that every year the landlords take out of Ireland 80,000,©00dols , spending it in luxury in London snd on the Continent. Think of 80,000.000dols. drained out of a country, everv ten years not as large as the 8tate of Ohio. Since' the Q.ueen ascended the throne over 8,000,000,000dols. left the pockets of ' Irish farmers for England. Is " "n<? wonder that Ireland is poor . lt:, an7 discontented, and -> 'that she is eoldiers. includiv- , over 60,000 to put - - toe police, are required .-sir iron feet upon the hearts of T'.JQ, 000 people? Why, then, has Ireland been marked for ages with misfortune? I tarn a re gardless and contemptons ear to the charges of extravagance, religion and drunkenness, and also to the charges that the English people are the cause of these disasters. Where among the friends of the Green Isle have there been more de- -voted champions of her wrongs than Charles James Fox, the great Commoner, John Stuart tf ill, the philosopher, Richard Cobdea, the statesman, and a host of titers, whose names are dear to humanity ? The cause ef causes is to be found solely is the profligate rulers, the tyrant land lords, the pensioned pulpits, and in the Government. It is your work, my lords od gentlemen ! No other power on earth Ipuld produce such results. It is not in the climate; that is genial ; the soil is un- mailed for fertility — beautiful as a woman's smile, and fruitful as God's .lave ! The ports and harbors, among them fcsautifal Gal way, Dublin, Cork and Bel- tat, sufficiently large to shelter the warld's navigation. It is traversed by broad and sunny lakes, and hides beneath its surface mines of inexhaustible wealth ! Neither is this wretchedness to be tmead to any defect in the eharaeter of the people. In other countries, where they are free from this landlord and monarchical rule, they prove themselves goal in genius and industry to other nationalities "v> Their brilliapcy, energy and art are universally acknowledged, and their domestic affection is -worthy of'un qualified praise. Four of the richest men in our beloved America are Irishmen, tbey came here with not a dollar in their pockets. John Fitzgerald, the millionaire and railroad king of Nebraska, told me last year that he arrived in l\ ew zortc with only fifty cents. In the pulpit, .J olrn Hall and Thomas Gizard are among the brightest jewels in our ecclesiastical diadem. At the bar Charles O'Connor, James T. Brady, and John M'Sweeny, have won distinction in the proudest days j of forensic oratory, recalling the eloquence of the resplendent immortals of Greece and Rome. Landlord robbery, religious bigotry, and Government tyrauny, are the three awful curses which have fallen on this devoted race, blasting its manhood, and paralyzing its energies. As to liberty, there is none in Ireland. The people are serfs and bondsmen. They are ground into the very dust, and at the mnwrl /« tinrl of o noliooni q n n tttt mnn AftTI be cast arbitrarily into prison, where he is compelled to lie for eighteen months without a trial. All discussion is stifled. Meetings are suppressed. I was requested by a number of Protestants to lecture on America and the Americans. I delivered it at the gable end of the house where I was born, the spot where I was sheltei ed in infancy, and where my eyes first beheld the beautiful land, for which God did everything and man nothing. There were several thousands of brave, enthusiastic Presbyterian farmers present and some Catholics In the cousre of the lecture I drew a contrast between the salaries we paid to our officials and those paid in Britain, stating that our President re ceived 50,000dols. every year for his services, and that the Queen took four millions annually ; that iu forty years this very Christian lady had accumulated the handsome sum of 160,000,000dols., and that we had in the United States thou sands of women as refined in feeling, as resistless in human passion, as beautiful in looks, as noble in works, in benevolence, on/ fav mnro mHncfrinnc wllrt Tim the British Government for much less, and who would think themselves dis graced by shaking her niggardly hand. For this expression of opinion I was warned by policemen that such words were treasonable. I cannot believe that Ireland is for ever destined to lie under a spell. Never were her generous and magnificent people more united. The leaders of tke present great uprising, like the other revolutions in Ireland, are Protestants, who have the confidence and support of the million oppressed tenants and laborers. I report that the Presbyterians of the North are united with their brethren of the South in this universal strike against rack-rents and savage oppression. Any other assertion which denies this union is a libel upon a nation ! I know whereof I speak. I have been there, and heard its ring iB the very atmosphere. When thi3 fraternity is fully realized, the determined and suffering people will drive the British soldiers be fore them as easily as a cloud sweeps across the sky. I bid them God-speed ! I hope it will not be necessary for the Irish to draw the sword, but that the very sight of the scabbard will be enough to terrify the tyranical despots. My advice to them is to imitate our American methods and walk in the footsteps of Sam Adams, (JavvieAn W an/1 ai I D hillinn n-n J n - n unitigvU) M uuuuii x iJiiupOj AUU UHQIIOS Sumner, whom we buried in tears and glory. But if persuasion fails, then let the final appeal be to sharp steel, though blood flowed broader and deeper than the waters of the Shannon ! .These feeble words which I pronounce in the sacred edifice will, through that speaking trumpet — the press — travel across the winds and the waves, telling the impoverished and suffering that they have friends in this glorious Republic ; telling them that Americans have long memories, and tbey do not forget the brave and hopeful words uttered by that renowned evangelist of freedom, Henry Grattan, when in the Irish Parliament he pro nounced the colonists to be fighting the battle of the civilised world, and that Edmund Burke took his stand by the immortal rebel, George Washington ; telling them that we remember with nlflHCiirft fliuf in flio rla-rvo AflQCI when our majestic eagle wavered in his flight, and our hearts began to grow faint, in that supreme moment, when Gladstone exultingly declared the Union to be gone, then sixty thousand Irishmen convened in Dublin and swore eternal fidelity to the Stars and Stripes ; telling them that wo have not forgotten the splendid gallantry of the Irish Brigade and of the noble Irish soldiers who fought for the Union, pouring out their blood in torrents, making the stars upon our banner sbine with a more triumphal splendour ; telling them never to give up the struggle until the woes which now disfigure and disgrace the country will be over, until the widow's : shriek and the orphan's cry are heard no ' more. Then the voice of joy would be ( heard on every hill, the tyrant's frown would be no longer dreaded, the broad, sunny plains would smile with plenty; then the jubilee trumpet would proclaim the termination of the usurpers' possession, and Ireland would become Great. glorions, and free. First flower of the earth, an fa gem of the ges> 