THE HUMORIST. A SHAKSPEARIAN EPISODE OF THE ROAD. In one respect the writings of Shakspeare are like the Bible—they are quoted in seisen and out of it by those who are familiar with them. As grave divines are partial to punning texts and to dry jokes on Scripture names and subjects without arousing any suspicion of their orthodoxy, so the true lover of Shakspeare iB fond of handling his wisest, deepest, and most beautiful, as well as his wittiest, sayings as weapons of offence and defence in his keen encounter with wits, or even to make the gaping idiots of his acquaintance Btare. An instance of this occurred not long ago on the box-seat of one of those luxurious vehicles called mail coaches on one of the main roads in South Australia. 1 he day was wet and cold and windy, the road was long, and a lively young passenger seated between the driver and a native ef the Emerald lisle beguiled the tedium of the journey by asking on every possible opportunity, " What does Shaks peare say abont that?" and furnishing a quotation more or leBS apropos till he drove the driver at last to the verge of lunacy. " How it do blow to be sure!" said the Jehu. "What does Shakspeare say about that! " Blow winds and crack your cheeks." "And when the cheeks cracked 1 suppose there was an end on't. I don't mind how soon this sow-wester cracks up for good." " Have a drop of something to warm you," said the Irishman, handing a flask across to the driver." "Well. I shouldn't mind. What is it, Sir?" " Whisky—first rate. I hope you like it." " I like anything in the way of sjurits hut Old Tom ; it s poor stutt." " As Shakspeare says—'Poor old Tom's a cold-spirit.'" interpolated our lively youth. " I'd not go so far as that, but it isn't up to much—it's doctored and sweetened and watered." " Well, with this whisky you're luckier than Glendower, for, as .Shakspeare says, he could call spit its from the vasty deep, but they did not always come when he did call on them ; but as for you they come without your calling." " I carry no glass," said the friendly Hibernian. " You must take a pull at the flask." " Oh ! my mouth is the exact measure," said the driver. I "Yes, hut like the piper in the legend," said the Irishman, "there's an awkward sort of a deceiving hole at the bottom of it, for he put the bottle to his lips full, and never let i go till he had drained it to the last drop, and I then be struck up his wonderful tune that made everything dance to it, men and women, beas+s, and the very fishes of the sea began prancing and capering on the sea shore." "Oh 1 I dare say that Paddy's opinion when he set down the empty bottle was' All's well that ends well,' as Shakspeare says." " That reminds me of a good story," said the Irishman, "of a minister in County Armagh who was just inclined to take a drop too much. And the Presbytery deputed one of their members to remonstrate with him. He went on his errand, and returned to give an account of his success. ' Well,' said he, 'I was very wary with our weak brother, audi made a judicious beginning by telling him it was a dangerous practice to pour out the spirits straight into the tumbler, for bands are unsteady and the flesh is weak, and one is tempted to' put too much in. So I told him to measure the whisky honestly in a glass. ' That is well, hut did he appear to talcethelesson,' asked one of the brethren. ' I practised him on it six times,' said the ambassador, 'and I think he learned it thoroughly.'" "'Measure for measure' was the motto there, as Shakspeaie wisely says," said our youth. J. he driver lelt tnese remains were altogether too personal, so he returned the flask to thedonor, saying to our young friend, "Maybe you'd like it marked with the lines like them as you takes your physic out on." "' Throw physic to the dogs. J'11 none of it,' as ShakBpeave says." " It ain't no good "throwing it to them or to horses either. No beast with its own free will will look at physic." "Ah, they are wise in their generation. As Shakspeare says, ' Better bear those ills we have, than fly to others that we know not of.'" " Well them doctors take good care that we should know nothing about what we are a swallerin' of. There never was a prescrip tion as I ever see as I could make head or tail on. But there was a doctor in Adelaide that used to taste everything he ordered in the way of physic." "' That surely was ministering to a mind diseased,' as Shakspeare has it. ' It was mid Buminer madness,'—Shakspeare again." "Summer and winter he done it, to keep a check on the chemist or the 'pothecary as he said; but lawk, it was only a deep dodge of the doctor's. If the 'pothecary did not pay him toll, as a body may say, nothing never was sent right out of his shop. The doctoi he looked at it, and he shook it, and he smiled at it, and he shook his head, and he tasted it, and then he was down on the poor beggar, and spoiled his market." '"Ob, liis offence was rank, it smelt to heayen,' as Shakspeare says," said our young friend. " If you mean the doctor, he rode in his carriage and made his pile; but the 'pothe cary, you know, he did not do quite so well." " On no. Sliakspeareknew that; what doss he say about him— ' In tattered weeds he wandered, Culling of simples, meagre were his looks, Sharp misery had worn him to the bones; And in his needy shop and in his shelves A beggarly account of empty boxes;' and when Borneo came in 'twas—'What ho ^ apothecary.' He says—' Who calls so "Whoindeed?" said the Jehu. " You were like to make Handy, who is new in harness, jump out of the traces." "Not so easy for him as for Queen Mab's steeds— ' The traces of the smallest spider's web.1" " Much good they would be for our rough roads. I suppose that 'ere Queen took her exer cise in her own parlour. Why, on the South-East-road along the Coorong all right on to Kingston the coaches are so ram shackle, ana the road so bad, that the jolt ing makes every man-jack of the inside passengers dog-sick—aye, and some of the 0 tiiders too, just as if they was at sea in r..ugh weather." ** Ah'. as Shakspeare says, ' Your bad mads are but chevril gloves to your good passengers; how quickly they turn them iuside out.1" •* Have you ever been on that road ?" asked the driver. " No; I prefer a sea voyage when it is practicable to the best of your Hill & Co.'s coaches ; and I defy Father Neptune himself to turn me inside out.1' "I wish I could say the same," said the Irishman. " I never go on board a steamer without wishing I was dead; and what's more, my wife is always in a mortal terror that 1 will be drowned." "I don't think there is much chance of your being drowned," said the driver em phatically to his torineator. "Them as is born to be"—ahem ! "No, as ShakBpeare says of the boatswain in the' Tempest,'' my complexion is perfect— ahem!' and that gives confidence to my fellow-passengers. I have travelled a great deal both' by seu and land, and never knew fear. I have beeu an explorer in the Far North, as Shuksperre says, in ; Then your friends ought to have seen the last of you," said Jehu. "By no means," said our irrepressible passenger, " that does not follow. Hamlet said these words, you know, after he had seen his father's ghost, red- hot from purga tory, who had returned, a good deal to the young prince's astonishment. "1 once drav a leader by the name of Hamlet; a rare one to go he was." "' But Hamlet by any other name would trot as quick,' as Shakspeare says." "I don't see as Shakspeare could have known anythink abont my bay leader," said the driver, who was growing more and more sceptical about this much quoted authority. " He knew everything in heaven and earth, about men and women, and horses too. Did not his King Richard say—' A horsea horse ! my kingdom for a horse !'" " Well, the kingdom hadn't been no great shakes anyway if he could chuck it away for any brute that ever walked on four legs." "The kingdom was England, and what does Shakspeare say about that ' This fortress, built by Nature for herself, Against infection and the hand of war ; 'This happy breed of men, this little world ; 'i his precious Btono set in the silver sea, Which Berres it in the office of a wall, Or as a moat defensive to a house, Against tbeenvy of less happier lands.' What do you say to that J" "Well, that King Richard, as you call him, was a greater tool than 1 took huu for at first, or perhaps it was your Shakspeare that was no great shakes himself. ' That in the passenger's hut a choleric word Which in the driver is flat blasphemy,'" said our youth indignantly. "Do you know who you are speaking about? Do you know the mighty master— Shakspeare? 1 Kach scene of many-coloured life he drew. Exhausted worlds and then imagined new ; Existence saw him spurn her bounded chain. And ranting time toiled after him in vain.' Not Shakspeare—but concerning him. Don't you know Shakspeare?" "Well, I've heerd his name." " And as Shakspeare himself says—* What's in a name;' ' What indeed?" said the irrepressible with a tone of pitying contempt. "D Shakspeare" was the reply of the exasperated driver as he lashed Hamlet's successor with a vigour evidently transferred from the passenger whom he could not punish to the dumb beast upon whom be could vent his feelings. 