NEW CRUBOR AT MOAjSLL For somo years past it lias been the wish of the resi ionts of Moama, and more especially those connected with the Church of England, that a building should bo erected in wliieli Divine worship according to the ritual of the established church might bo conducted. At various times committees have been formed for carrying out the cost, but it was not till now that their eilbrts were crowned with success. A strong elFort has at length been made, and the result was that not ;only were the plans, iSrc., drawn up and approved, and the site chos n, but a commencement made of the building itself. On Saturday afternoon, according to appointment, the foundation-atone of the new church was laid with all dua ceremony, and the event drew together a good number of spectators. The day, although rather windy, was otherwise extremely fine, the sun shining brilliantly, and with considerable Warnith. Shortly after 11 the committed and clergymen formed a procession, and marched to the site, some little distance from the Deuiliquin nn 1 Moama railway line, and on arrival wore welcomed by those present. Prior to this event, however, Mr. Pope, chairman, had ill the name of the committee, presented the officiating clergyman, the Rev. U. E. Taylor, of Deniliquin, with a very handsome trowel, wherewith to lay the stone, and the rev. gentlemen, in accepting the gift, said he would ever regard it as a bright memento of his visit to Moama. ' Arrived at the stone, the Rev. Mr. Taylor read the services of the church appropriate to the day, the assemblage responding to the Psalms led by the Rev. Mr. Clark. At the close of the religious part of the ceremony, Mr. Pope Caiiio forward and read a parchment scroll, which, with other documents, copies of the local press of that date, and also some coins, were placed in a jar which was inserted in a cavity which had been prepared in the stone. On the scroll was the foltowing :—''This foundation stone of St. James1 Chureh, in the parish of Moama and diocese of Geul'burn, was laid fey the Rev. H. E. Taylor (incumbent of D^nmquin), on the 30th day of Septcmper in the year of our L rd 1882. the 46tli of the reign or ^ Queen "Victoria, and the 94th year of the colony of New South "Wales. Lord Augustus JA; *, Loftus. . K.C.B., Governor p.Righk, JU>. Meeshask 'I homMjP.D. first Bishop of.tjie, diocese t Robert E. Taylor, Rev. James Clark, curate ; W. .W. Mooip, builder ; C. E. Pascoe, clerk ^of works. CommUtee- Messrs. C. 0. Pope (chairman), E M'Donald (treasurer and secieUry;, >v . Davis, G.. Chanter, J. Power, E;.: Homan, J,; T. O'Conno, G. Redman, and J._ Dalgleish. Th s ncing fixed in position by Mr. M^ie, the ".tone was lowereq to its placo, and tne -Rev. W. Taylor, sirikiut? the four corners with the handle of the- tri-wol, saul : 1 lay this foundation stone of the church in this J nlace,; named St. James's, to be set apart for "info preaching of the right Catholic f.uth, which we pelieve and confess; in the^name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." A short and Appropriate pivyer being offered, the c-remony was con-. UUTho Rcv. .Mf. Taylor then expressed his in-oat pleasure at being present on that very important occasion—to sue at last, the foundation stone lai I of a permanent .church for the scrvice of- Almighty. God liv Moain.i During his travels through the district he had come across a minister who had .told nun that 78 years ago he had cmducted service at Moama. It must have been a very small place at that time, but it had evidently progressed since then. We trusted the building about to be erected would remain for many years as a blessing to the neighbourhood, and that instead of being content with having put together' a large number of brick3, they would, by their; regular attendance, make it useful as 'well as ornamental. Thus it would become a blessing, not only to ^ individuals, but also.to families./ He was pleased to see. that Mr. Garlick had been sucli tykiud friend to the church at Moama, and had kept,up the services/although not. in his proper parish. It was only because lie was aware that tne bishop could not attend to tli;t ceremony that he hid consdnted to lay the foundation stone. There |was one thing whichhe would compliment the comnntteo on-that they commenced the church free from all ' Rev. J. Garlick, could asshre thein that it was with very great pleasure lie took part in the ceivmony of laying the foundation ^stone of the first church in Moama. It marked a verv. important epnch in the history of the township—a turning point in its ecclesiastical history, and indicat d that they would now ao on with renewed interest, increased energy,-and greater love, for the vjhurch of of God "in the futures.- He thought, they had acted wisely in .not attempting too much— by buildin°" of more moderate proportions thev would"be saved from the incubus ot a lart'o debt. He need-not tell them that the lntUding-was for the worship of God, but the building it?elf wo ild not comprise t le whole of the work-each and all should show bv tlieir regular attendance and attention . ?o "their duties that their heart was in the work. They should recollect.that tho building was a boiid'of iinimi.which should bind them all together. It entirely .lay with them to make till church a success or not ; it lay with t.iem to decide whether the meetings should bell eld weekly or less frequently. He referred to the fact that hitherto he had noticed a number of tlie Moama residents coining over to Kchuca to attend the services of the church : there—these ho would be sorry . to miss, but still thought it better for each to, attend his ttSYniparisli in his own - colony now that the opportunity would suon be atlorded thorn. , The Rev. J.Clarke thought the subject had been so well treated by the previous speakers, that it left him but little to say. ■.llie com-: mittee had began well, and now they must Vo forward to new: heights of development; 1:hitherto- they had ' been indefatigable in their eliorts to bring the church Io its pre• peilt stage ; the people of Moama were now laviri" the foundation of a spiritnal temple after?their own hearts. It: we.s ,a temple were the people could go and hear the gospel proclaimed to them. , . r r ■, . ! ■, A collection was here taken up, the Rev Mr Taylor placing his hat:on,thpv:.s,tone to receive contributions The appeal was liberally responded to, the sum ofj/kli. lUs-v being1 subscribed, *; "V ' T > \- Subsequently at the invitation of' tlie committee, the rev. gentleman, with a few friends, sat down to a very excellent lunch, which had been prepared by Mr. George Redman at the Bridge Hotel. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Mr. Taylor, the vice-cliair by Mr. 0. C. Pope, After the repast had been done full justice to' the toast of " The Queen," The Church," and the " Government," were propose I and duly honored. The only other toast was " Success to Moaina," which was responded to by Mr. Pone. Mr. Redman, Mr. Chirk, Mr. Donvard, Mr. Pascoe, Mi'. M'Douneli, Zilr. Human, and Mr. Brown. After some remarks from the Be v. Mr. Garlick and Mr. Moore, a vote oi' thanks was passed to til • chairman by drinking his health, and after having enjoyed a 'very pleasant hour toI gerher, the company separated. Accident.—On Saturday evening, a boy named James Spencer, residing near M'Cuiloch's mill, was stooping under tho merry-go-round, opposite tho Commercial Bank, endeavouring to pass while it was in motion. Mo was struck on the head by one of the vehicles, and such was the force of the blow, that he was rendered senseless. Mr. (Jlazebrook picked up the boy, and carried hiiii to Dr. Hog;.', who at once applied remedies. After a short time the youth regained his consciousness and returned to his home. On examination it was found that he had sustained a severe bruise on the top of his skull. Shipping Notes.—On Saturday and yesteiday there were several arrivals of cargoes of wool. The Hero and Saddler are expected to sail to-day. 