LAYING THE CORNER-STONE OF THE HOUSE OF MERCY, WAKE- FIELD-STREET. On Sunday afternoon, September 24, the corner-stone of the House of Mercy, Wakelield-street, in connection with the Order of the Sisters of Mercy, was solemnly laid by His Lordship Dr. Reynolds, in the presence of a large number of citizens who assembled to witness the ceremony. A procession left St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral about 3 p.m., headed by the children attending the schools of the Sisters, followed by the members of the Order of the Children of Mary aud - His Lordship the Bi hop, in full pontificals, accompanied by tbeRev. FatbersO Sullivan, Healey. Godolphi, and McCloskey. The Litany of the Blessed Virgin having been sung, His Lordship and the attendant priests proceeded aiound the building singing the psalm "Miserere," ai the conclusion of which the salm "Nisi Dominus" was chanted. Eic-rdship then blessed the corner-stone, invoking the aid of the Blessed Trinity, ths Father, His the Son, and the Holj. Ghost, as prescribed by the Roman Ritual. This having been concluded, His Lordship spoke as follows:— Having laid the corner-stone of this " House of Mercy" in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, I will address you a few words on this autpicious occasion. As the name of the structure indicates, the work of mercy is to be carried out herein in ail its completnes-3, and I must here say that it is only in keeping with the spirit of that great "aud nobleminded woman, Catherine McAulay, tho founder of the order of the Sisters of Mercy, that'a House of Mercy fhould be established in this city. It was on Septem'jer 24, 1829, that Catherine McAulay began, in an humble way. in Baggot-street, Dublin, a House of Mercy. I had "the pleasure of hearing that great woman, and her words left upon me a deep impression—an imjiression that will never be eflaced. Catherine McAulay saw the dangers to which young women were exposed in the City of Dublin, and she made a noble and successful effort to save them from the evil ihfluences which are inseparable from all lai*ge cities. The beginning was humble indeed, but Catherine McAulay soon secured the help and aid of others, and in a short time she had the satisfaction of seeing her Idng-desired wish an accomplished" fact Catherine Mc Aulay has passed away, and she has' received, her reward, but her works remain. The Order of the Sisters of Mercy has succeeded- in establishing schools, hospitals, dispensaries, and Houses of Mercy in-Englaud, Ireland, and Scotland, and also in our own loved land of Australia. Ata period in the world's history when Christianssufft rtd under tbecmelties of the Moslem and many of them had become the slaves of the Mussu'nian, God in his goodness called up a iiian in the person of St. Nolacke, who did wonders in rescuing captives from the infidels and restoring them again to their sorrowing friends.. But great as that workat that period undoubtedly was, Catherine McAuiay's. in still more modern times, is equallyas deserving of our unqualified admira- j ti6n. To look after those iu a city who :are th c most deserving of care is a work worthy of those animated with the spirit of Christ, an 1 the Sisters of Mercy since their arrival in this colony have been most anxious to carry out the intention of their founder, Catherine McAulay, and establish a House of Mercy amongst us. Thanks to many kind Mends who know and appreciate their self-denying labours, they have been en ionraged toimder— take the present stnufture f Bnd though it is hgmble it is certainiy an improvemeat on theadjoiningbuilding,in Which the'fifst-attempt was made to found a House of Mercy in this cplony. To begin in an humble way, however, "is characteristic of the Catholic Church. The great Saviour of mankind himself came into this world in the'huiE&ifes;& of ^habitations, aiid on this great feast of the Mother of God. under the title of '.'. Mother of Mercy, the Sisters have fixed their corner-stone. Without the blessing of heaven no work dan prosper < j Ahd asfhie &oyal; P&Imist.i;&ys; -T-" Unless the Lord build the house they labour in vain who build itj unless the Lord keep the city, hie watchefii in vain that r keepeth it" The great work that will be earned out in-this .house wilLmeet with God's blessiig. and l therefore cohfrdentfytak-you 1 to come forward to-day and show by your liberal contributions that—you mean to aid in God's work, and that you will do your utmost to bring this structure to a completion. We are; assured that even a:" cup or«c£d -water?'r given in TJod's name "will notgo'withont? its reward; and hence, rive according to your means. As for myself, I regret that the demands upon me are so 'great forthd erection of schools, churches, and kindred institutions throughput the diooe8e t£at I cannot give as largely asT could' desire, but to manifest my earnestness in the work I will commence the Collection by giving £5.—L am sure you will ao your best, and that funds will be forthcomingto carry out the grand work that has beeri ttwlsp so happily add- foUi&llp;&a;&ugft-;: rated. The total amount collected reached thej-esjjeetablpsum.ofJ252.14s. 6d. . . ^ CHALMERS CHURCH.—The continuatiori of the anniversary of this place of worship took place on Tuesday, when tea and public meetings were held, the first-named being held in the schoolroom at the rear of the Church, and largely attended.The public meeting was preceded by a service of song by the choir, all the pieces being rendered in.capital style under the conductorshlp of the gentleman who presided at the organ during the evening. The Rev. D. Paton, LL.D., occupied the chair, and in opening the meeting briefly referred, to the work that had been effected during the past year, in which time the large number of forty-two had been added to the roll of members, while eight had been called from amongst their number by death. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., delivered a lecturette, and addresses were given by the Rev. J. F. Henderson (of Strathalbyn), Dr. Paterson; and other gentlemen. From the balance-sheet presented it appeared that the, receipts had been £860 7s. against the same amount of expenditure, the amount still remaining due on the manse building fund..being £1,400. Votes of thanks closed the meeting. SEMAPHOEE WESLEYAN CHUBCH.—The anniversary services of this Church-were celebrated on Sunday and Tuesday" last. The attendances were unusually goocL. The public gathering was under the presidency of Mr. Henry Beny, of Melbourne. The Rev. James Bickford (Superintendent of the Port Adelaide Circuit), Rev. S. F. Prior (pastor of the Church), Rev. Dr. Stephenson, Rev. R. S. Casely (President of the Conference), and Mr, J. B. Hack occupied seals oh the platform. Mr. J. B. Hack presented the financial statement. He was glad' to find the people in such good heart, and so determined to stand together in " i;heir work. The expenditure during the past year amounted to £146, and the income enabled him to pay all current expenses. The trust account showed a mortgage of £1,300, but against that the assets were £430, reducing the debt to£870. (Applause,) The trustees had lent the Birkenhead Mission £130 to build their church. The Rev. R. S. Casely congratulated the Circuit on the spiritual success being realized at Alberton at tne.preseqt time. He delivered an interesting address on the earnest hopefulness which he observed in the spirit of_ the times in respect to Church operations. The Rev. Dr. Stephenson followed,-speaking first of the comical ignorance of English people in reference to the distant parts of the Empire. _ lie then confirmed the impression of hopefulness in respect to Christianity; and explained somewhat the panic which had come to Christian men from scientific quarters. ..He.believed the world was getting better, and cited authorities for saying that public morality had made vast strides during the past century. The last* point was that Church success involved individual. exertion. The proceeds erf the services were £60. Mr. E. Shorney as choir leader, Mr. Sampson as organist, and Messrs. Hunwick, Berriman, Morgan, and others, composing the orchestra, rendered the Church effective service. HLXPMAKSN - SQUARE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.—The tea and public meetings in counection with the anniversary of the above Church were held on Tuesday evening, September 26\. The tea was well patronised, and at the public meeting the pastor of tho Church (Rev. F. W. Cox) presided, and gave a leview of the work done during the year and the present state of the Church. He said they had had additions to . their membership, some had removed, and they were almost in the same position numerically ss last. year. Some he had hoped to see join the Church had not done so. There was, however, a great deal to bs thankful for, as the Church was in a healthy condition. The Rev. O. Copland referred to the lengthened period the Rev. F. W. Cox had been connected with the Church, viz, a quarter of a centuiy, and opoke in high terms of his twenty-five years' labour in the colony. Some few. friends taking this fact into consideration decided to n-ake_ the anniversary of the .Church an occasion to celebrate the anniversary of the rev. gentleman's coming . to the colony, and resolved to commemorate the event by making some - slight- recognition of his services. The idea had met with a spontaneousoutburstof sympathy, and although solicitations were not made contributions flowed in freely, and he (the speaker) as Chairman of the Congregational Union in South Australia was pleased to present, according to the wish of the committee, to the Rev. F. W. Cox the testimonial they had elected to give him, which was £503 and a beautiful sil«er salver, which bore the following inscription :—" Presented to the Rev. F. W. Cox on the 2oth anniversary of his ministry in South Australia, by a number of his personal friends among the Congregationalists, asa token of the esteem and affection in which he is held by them. September 20, 1S82." The Rev. C. Manthorpe spoke in eulogistic terms of the Rev. Mr. Cox, and testified to his worth as a citizen, a minister, and a personal friend. He stated that the gift which had just been presented was bat a slight memento of the esteem and affection in which the rev. gentleman was held. He had laboured honourably for the cause in South Australia, and had held the onerous position of Secretary of the Congregational Union in South Australia for tne past twenty-five years, with credit to himself and with profit to the Congregational body. He trusted that Mr. Cox would long be spared to labour amongst them. Mr. Richard Searle and the Hon. R. A. Tarlton also addressed the meeting in the same strain. The Rev. F. W. Cox," in rising to respond, was greeted with load and prolonged applause. He remarked that he was completely carried away by what he had heard. As to the testimonial, he kuew nothing whatever of it previous to the presentation. He reciprocated the many kind things that had heen said about him. He could only say that he accepted the gift, and thanked them for the many kind and loving wojds he had heard. He could do no more, as he felt too much overpowered. The choir tendered efficient service. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATIOS. —The annual meetings of the South - Australian Baptist Association were continued on Tuesday in Flinders street Lecture HilF. A prayer meeting was held in the morning, And at (Glenelg iu the afternoon a Ministers' Conference took place, at which a paper upon the subject of securing the co-operation of church men churches was read by the Rev. J. Price. 1 At a well-attended public meeting held in the Flinders-street Lecture Hall in the evening, the Chairman's address was delivered by the Chairman elect (th' Kev. W. O. Ashton),aud a paper entitled " The Revised Version aud the Baptist Position" was contributed by the Rev. S. Mead, L r .B. To day there is to be a prayer meeting at 10, and a business meeting at 10.30. PAYNEHAM CHURCH.—Mr. Thomas :Gorbett, of Shrewsbury, England, gave an interesting and instructive lecture on " History" in the above church on Monday evening last. The lecturer introduced - his subject by a general review of^ what history consisted of, and afterwards divided the second part of his remarks into -three periods, viz.,,Ancient History, the history of the Middle Ages, and Modern History, in reviewing which he introduced' the names of Cyrus, Alexander, Harmibal, Napoleon, Nelson, Wellington, Fiaucis Eacou, James Watt, William Caxton, Columbus, and many others who figured so conspicuously in these periods, together with the effect which their lives and works had uptn the ages in which they lived, also upon sutscqutnt ones ; tfie cause and effects of the great Reformation and the French Resolution. The lecture w as appreciated by the audience, and at its close a vote of thanks waa acfeorded to the speaker and Chairman.: 