UNDER A CLOUD. CHAPTER VTL Harold's room was evidently a spare one, and had not been occupied for some time, judging from the amount of dust-which collected in the tightly-fastened windowsashes. Its last occupant had apparently been a lady, at least Harold imagined so after discovering two or three stray liairpins and old pieces of hair* combings, I believe, is the correct term, stuffed into a China vase on the dressing-table. After having thrown open the windows, and let a little fresh air into the place, our hero proceeded to dress for dinner, and then went down into the drawing-room. The curate, absorbed in a book, was the only person in the room, the members of the household having not yet completed their toilettes, so Harold had lots of time to examine the place thoroughly. The last rays ot .the setting sun 'were, streaming through the big bay windows ancjlighting up the gaudy furniture. The curtains were lace lined with bright pink. The ceiling was whitewashed, and ornamented by a heavy gold cornice. The paper on the walls was white, «oyered witn big gold stars. In the centre of this apartment stood a large walnut wood table, with photograph albums and gaudily-bound books, placed in regular order all round it, and in the middle—on. a crochet mat—was a silver inkstand, innocent of pens and ink, but bearing an inscription which set forth that it had been presented to Mr. Stuke by his clerks on the occasion of his election to the important post of Master of; the Tallow Chandlers Company. The chairs and sofas in the room were all covered with Berlin wool-work, gigantic flowers on a broad green ground, the* carpet, in large squares was blue, whilst a' i massive consol table with a hugh vase of wax powers in it faced the mantelpiece, en which stood two candlesticks, and a clock stopped at five minutes to one. ; Soon a rustling of dresses was heard in the hall; and the two elder girls came into the room in pink silk dresses, with heaps of maroon velvet bows about them, a dozen bangles on each of their arms, and their black ringlets shaking as if. on wires. The eldest daughter at once pounced down" on the curate, and the second one seating herself by Harold, was proceeding :to ply him with questions, when, fortunately for him, Mrs. Stake, arrayed in violet velvet (violet.she, considered her colour) came into the room, followed by her husband and her third daughter. In another moment dinner was announced. The menuwas a carefully selected:one, and the poking excellent, and Harold seadted n uugc o|ipe«w» auu jauu *uuy« WJUU--:WWS very silent, could devote all his energies to the work before him, and consequently en- joyed himself very well. He kept a watchful eye on his hostess's glass and plate, and by taking care they,, were constantly full, advanced not a little in her good graces. When dessert appeared the conversation became a little more generaL Mrs. Stuke asked Harold a good many, questions about London, the season, his friends and relations, and seemed, he thought; a little disappointed to find how little he knew of the latter and had seen of the former. Amy talked enthusiastically about music and the opera; of which subjects Harold knew just enough to be able to carry on a free conversation. Soon after the ladies had left them Mr. Stuke and Harold took their wine into the smoking-room, principally Harold thought to get rid of Mr. bpooner, who did not care for tobacco, and who seemed eager to rejoin the ladies directly he heard the first notes of the piano come from the drawing-room. As soon as he had left and Mr. Stuke and Harold were comfortably settled down, the former said:— "I'm just as glad that fellow's gone. They're a poor lot .most of these curates we get here, only fit to play croquet and talk nonsense with the girls. By-the-way, talking about girls what do you think of mine?" This was oertainly rather an open way of fish tug for compliments' thought Harold, and he felt rather takeh aback by the abruptness of the question. - Nevertheless, he expressed his admiration for the Misses Stuke. "Yes, they're nicie girls," said the merchant, " good-looking too I flatter myself, except Louisa, and goodness knows where she gets her looks from, but they're not a patch on what their mother was when she was their age. Ah, she was a fine woman that." "And is . still, , Sir," interrupted ; Harold with a . sneering smile at his own vulgarity. "IconsiderMrs. Stuke, if I may say so, a most remarkable woman, considering her grown up family. "You're right, Mr. Iinton, you're right. Ah. IVe been uncommonly fortunate in my family, though .Amy - is a little delicate, and Louisa, poor girl's got red hair, though she don't seem to mind it much. Now, there's my boy Arthur, he's as nice open-faced a fellow as you'll meet between this and Whitechapel, but I daresay you'll see. him one of these days. : Of course you .-know we've had you'down here once we shall expect to see vou pretty often. We're but quiet folks, but whenever you care to come down from Saturday till Monday or indeediat any other time we-shall be most happy to put you up." Harold thanked hid host for his hospitality, add assured him that he was only too delighted to leave his dull lodgings for such brightcheerful societyas he was then eiijoying, and: after a little further convention they returned to the drawing-room. The two elder girls were playing a duet and Mr. Spooher, who had just been performing oh the flute, was turning over the -leaves tor them. There was an empty chair by the side of Mrs. Stuke, who was hard at work on heir - cushion, -info which she was putting the most gorgeous and startling combinations of colour, so Harold took up a photograph book and sat down by her side. After turning over two or three pages filled with portraits of Mi-, and Mrs. Stuke and the three Miss Stakes in various attitudes and dresses, he came' npon the likeness of a tall, fine-looking girl, who, he-thought,-could have' nothing to do with - any; members of Mi:.' Stake's family, so different did she seem from them. The figure was tali and graceful, the small well-shaped head was set on a splendid neck and shoulders. The face was very handsome. The forehead was broad and low, with a few wavy curls falling over it, which seemed to have. broken loose from the splendid tresses drawn closely round the small head and fastened :at the back in a big knot, the nose-was straight and beautifully chiseled like one of the old Greek statues, the mouth small,! the chin shapety, and determined-looking, altogether an entirely different face and'figure-from the' vulgar ones of his hostess and her two eldest daughters, or delicate, almost Jewish profile. of Miss Amy Stuke. Harold paused for some time this picture—so long as -to attract Mis. attention. Ah, you're looking at Louisa, my daughter, I see. She is away now, with a schoolmate of hers. She very wefl, don't you think so?" " It is a beautiful picture." Of course, as I on't know Miss Louisa, I cannot say whether it is a good likeness." "Pretty- fair, but it flatters her, for she's got red hair. Its a great pity, for • otherwise she woald be rather nice- looking, though she's too cold and statue-like to please me." Harold was still looking at the album when a few chords of the piano were struck, and a magnificent contralto voice began to sing " TheXofet Chord." Another surprise, thought Harold, as ha looked up. from the likeness of Miss Louisa Stake to the other end of the room where Amy Stuke was standing by the piano. Was it possible, that this shy silent delicace-looking girl' had such a magnificent and so welltrained a voice? Harold left his Beat and went over to the piano. Amy was standing apparently 'unconscious, of all that was going on around her, her heart and soul were wrapped up in the music, and it required but little persuasion from her listener ] to induce her to go on singing until at last her sister grew weary and jealous at the marked attention their guest was showing and, abruptly rising from the piano, declared she was too tired to play any more, and went over to the other side of the room, where her sister was sitting with Mr. Spooner. Harold did not offer the fair singer any of the usual senseless compliments which are as a rule forthcoming on such occasions but' simply thanked her for the great pleasure she had given him. Then, as it was growing late, the ladies went off to their rooms, Mr. Spooner walked away to his shabby'little lodgings, and Mr. Stake and Harold, after partaking of a little spirits and water, had a last cigarette, and .then retired for the night. _ Harold, in the quiet of his own room found bis thoughts that night perpetually running on Amy Stake. At first he rather wondered at himself for this; but her splendid voice would keep .ringing in his ears, and then when he came to consider matters and think over the events of the afternoon aad evening there certainly were several other points about Amy worthy of his notice, first of all she was good-looking and dressed well, whilst her sisters' toilettes were abominable. Her conversational powers certainly did not seem to be great, but then she listened attentively to him whilst he talked, thereby showing her good taste. She was quiet and ladylike, while her sisters and her mother were shockingly vulgar. It was strange, he thought, that sheshonld be so different from the other members of her family and so vety superior to them. Altogether he rather like'd Amy—Miss Stuke was too hideous a name to call her by—yes he decidedly liked Amy. Here he fell asleep and. he awoke on the following morning so late that it required a violent effort on his part "to be ready in time for breakfast. Sunday in the Stake household was rather a trying day. No newspapers nor novels were allowed to profane the solemn hours. Everybody was supposed to be devoutly and religiously _ disposed, and so everybody wandered listlessly about the house, yawning away the _ day and longing for Monday to come again. Of course they all went to Church where Harold, seated some distance away from Amy, devoted his time to thinking out names lor the characters of his story, and to mentally filling ' in the out-. line of his plot. Amy's thoughts wandered from the dull tones of the parson to Harold, of whose profile she could every now and then catch a glimpse, to Mrs. Leigh's new bonnet three pews away and then back to Harold again. Her previous experience of young men had been almost entirely confined to the City clerks and stockbrokers who occasionally came down to her fathers house, to the few . young country lawyers' clerks and townsfolk of Sevenoaks who visited at Parkside Villa. Most of these devoted their attentions to her sisters rather than to herself, for the two . eldest girls were loud, fond of "chaff" and a," lark," as they would themselveslhave. said, and the tastes of their male friends generally lay in the same direction. So Amy, who was naturally quiet, : h shy, and reserved, was generally.neglected by the gay young sparks who hovered round her t fay mating sisters. Even her splendid voice ; t gained her but a few ^udmirers, for the lively n waltzes and roHcking songs performed by her ww sisters were always preferred before her vocal efforts. Haroldlintonwasabout thefirst person who had ever paidherany attention or who t had seemed to. prefer her society to that of her sisters, and it was therefore not strange f that she thought a good deal of him and r what he had said, to her. She had hardly interchanged a dozen words with him that moniing, and it was not until they had returned from churphand dinner was over that a e g she had any chance of a conversation with ga him. As is usually-the case in families who think • it, necessary "to mark', their sense of reverenpe for Sunday by partaking of a hot B meal in the .middle Jgf;jthe 'day, by about t three o'clock in "the afternoon every member of the. Stake household was in a state "of sleepiness and indigestion combined with the worst possible temper. Of course under these .circumstances there were only two courses open to them, either to give in and retire to deep or, to go out and walk off the ill ^effects. Mrs. Stuke, whose face was now. crimson, and * .the . two elder girls,' whose noses showed signs of the trial their digestive organs were undergoing, decided on the former course, whilst Mr. Stuke and- Iforold ^determined to go out for a stroll iu Amy Stakes had not chosen either alternative, but a her father and our hero were putting oh their hats in the hall she • came out of the drawing-room and cast a wistful glance up at the former. " Well, Amy,my darling," saidhe. " What are you going to do, lie do^n, eh f " Well, papa, I suppose I shall I 4 should have liked a walk if any of the others had been-going out, but they nave gone upstairs." " Go ana put on your hat, then, and some along, you will prevent Mr. Linton and me from talking business. I suppose you don't mind, do you," he said, turning to Harald, " you can smoke as much as you like. Amy's accustomed to that." She flew upstairs, and in three or four minutes the trio were walking down the High-street towards the road leading down to the Park gate. His third daughter was Mr. Stake's favourite. He had a sort of idea that his two elder girls and his wife were, to use his own expression,rather too big for their boots," and that they to some extent looked down upon him as a man who cared for and thought of nothing else but his business. Theytlid not seem very foud of his society, but to court that of young people with whom he had not much in common. Amy, on the contrary, he knew was fond of him, and never so happy as when she was with him, though her conversational' powers were not gr&tt;, and she preferred to naug. on his arm and listen to what he had to say rather than take any active share in their conversation. So it was this -day. Mr. Stuke and his daughter walked arm in arm, and Harold marched by himself next his host, keeping up a.desultory conversation with him. They were eoing towards the end of the' Park, which, running up in a succession of gentle slopes, terminates on the top of a hill, from which there is a splendid view over that rich cherry, and hop-growing country . lying between Seyeno&ks; and Tunbridge, and stretching away to Maidstone, known - as the Weald of Kent. Their way was through a series of sloping glades, bordered on each side by thick Woods full of hoarv old elms and oaks and cheenuts, carpeted with the short rich grass which is met with in the Parks of Old England and in these alone. The deer,-accustomed to the presence of strangers, just lifted up their heads from the baas of tern in which they were reposing, and then, satisfied of the peaceable intentions of the three, sank back to rest and sleep once more— the day was hot and all around them was. stUL The birds were resting among tie thick branches,' the village' children had -given up all attempts to play-and runabout under that broiling sun, there was a hum of insects in the air, everything seemed to invite rest, and soon one of the party at least gave in. ( "Ouf," panted Mr. Stuke, fts he let go his daughter's arm. " I never aim st&nd; those Sunday early dinners. I Always eat the confounded tilings though I . know they disagree with me, but they ve always been our custom—run in families youlknow, Linton, like wooden legs do. Well, I'nl just dead tired aad I shall lie down under this tree and go co sleep. Amy, you, and Mr. .Linton can go on to the gate Dy yourselves and pick me up on the way back. Don't'he later than half- past four so that we cab be in for tea. There, n?y dear, run along, nfever mind me, and, my dear"—and' 'here .he , lowered his voice—" your ma needn't know anything about my not being with you.? So Harold and Miss Stake walked side by side in silence up the grassy slopes. The •quite stifled by the heat and the heavy midday dinner, they only exchanged a few commonplace remarks -till at last they reached the low gate in the Park fence. Here they stopped, and Harold, ' whose . sense of the picturesque was Bomewhat keenejr than an ordinary Englishman's, could not repress a cry of surprise imd delight as he saw the lovely picture' spread out beneath his feet. From the summit of ; ±he hill - where the Park fence stopped abruptly, they looked righf down into a large level . track of country.; All was.fresh and green in summer leaf;and foliage, the thin silvery line running through the plain ^narked the. course .of the Medway as it flowed .'.down to'join the Thames on the sea-coast, and 1 the dark hills of Southborough closed the view in front of them. To the left hand the Weald of Kent stretched out many a mile, the dark lines of the hedges marking , each little green paddock or whitening corn field, ^he sun shining on the roofs and church-spireb of the many little villages dotted about the plain, ' " I am glad you like it, Mr. Ian ton, it is a very favourite view of mine." "I admire your taste, Miss Amy, it is lovely and so thoroughly English. Do you often come-up here. " "Oh yes, whenever I can get away. My sisters and mother sa,y I ought not to walk •alone so much, I snail attract notice, but people. never pay any attention to me. I come up here even at hop-picking time, and never have had any unpleasant adventure, though there are a great many tramps about then?' " I should not think any one would ever dreamof annoying or harming you." " Why not, Mr. Linton?" " Because you are—ah—not at all the sort of person they would harm, I should think."' Confound it. why could she not accept what he intended as a compliment and not be so matter-of-fact and force him to such weak explanations. " But why| should they not ? My sisters often say people stare at them, and make rude remarks about their dress." Small blame to them thought Harold, for two greater frights I never saw. There was a pause, and then Harold went on hurriedly, lest she should press the question. " Yes, it'is very lovely, and makes one wish one was a painter or a poet or something of that sort, or that one could shut oneself out from the world, and live alone up here without any cares or troubles. But I suppose we would soon get tired of it." _" I very often come here, and never get tired of it.; but I should not care to live here, it would be so lonely at nights." Harold roused himself, and began to ask his companion if she was afraid of ghosts. He was glad to change the subject,Ifor when he got a poetic fit on him he knew lie was apt like most other people to say foolish things. Besides poetry was not his forte. He duly appreciated the beauties of nature, but directly he attempted to turn his sensations into words he became decidedly weak in his utterances. He made a mental ; note of this fact,^which had often before presented itself to him, and resolved that nothing poetic should have a place in his great work. So he got into other subjects; first of all that of ghosts, in which Amy, as there were yet many hours of daylight, expressed her disbelief. This lasted them some time, and then he began to talk of the Continent, and Switzerland in particular, and as Ms com- ; panion knew nothing of these subjects, he ; ound her an attentive and agreeable listener, so that when, after taking a last look at the view, they strolled back to the place where they had left Mr. Stake, and found Mm with a red silk handkerchief spread over his face, snoring loudly, Harold was quite sorry to have to wake mm and put a stop to his pleasant tete-A-tete with Amy. Nothing at all worthy of recording took ; jlace during the rest of our^ hero's visit to Parkside Villa. Sunday evening was passed at church, and then to crown the indiscretions of the day they finished off with a hot supper, after which they retired to sleep ana to dream off the ill effects. Early next morning Harold and Mr. Stuke were rattled off to the station and to the city; but not without the former receiving a very cordial invitation from his. hostess to come down and stay from' Saturday to Monday with them whenever and as often as he could, and he thought a rather tender shake of the hand from Amy, who looked at him with a glance which seemed to repeat her mother's invitation. AN ANECDOTE OF WATERLOO. — Many are the anecdotes, many the daring deeds, many the acts of chivaliy, which have never found a place in books. Amongst the facts not made public, says a contemporary, is the conduct of the Duke of Wellington before the battle of Waterloo. It is generally sup. posed that daring the preceding night—June 17— Wellington quietly supped and slept in the village of Waterloo, some miles distant from the field of battle; the real fact is that, after the British army ad bivouacked r on the ground, the destined scene of the next day's fight, Wellington, unattended, rode o Blucher's neadejuarters. and had an interview with him. His object was to secure the junction ofhe Prussians and the British as early as possible ext day. Union was most important to the Allies, hile attack before this union should be effected as most important to Napoleon. Wellington and Blucher calculated that they could meet on- the next day upon the field of Waterloo at 12 o'clock. After his Interview Wellington rode back to the village of Waterloo, where he obtained a short repose. Unortunately, subsequent heavy rains rendered the oad so nearly impassable that the junction was not accomplished until 6 in the evening of the 18th June. During those six hours of deep anxiety ndured by the British chief how often did he loci t his watch? And when at length the Prussian uns were heard, he involuntary exclaimed, " There oes old Bliicber at last!" The two officers who lone knew of the midnight interview between Wellington and Blucher were Sir Augustus Fraser, .A., and Captain, afterwards General, William Bell, E.A., both of whom rode into the field with heirchief, and both.of Whom have -now deputed this life. Two men disputed about their powers of enduranee, and one said testily to the other. " I bet you that I can hold my legs in boiling water longer than yon can." "Done," said the other, and the steaming water was brought. In went the legs; No. 1, with an air of defiance, No. 2 with an edifying serenity. No. 1 began to wince, No. 2 called calmly for the newspaper. No. 1 began to find it intole* rable. No. 2 smiled at the humour of the paper. " In heaven's name!" at last exclaimed No. 1, exasperated by the heat of the water and the coolness of his antagonist, "what is your leg made of7' " Wood, sententionsly replied the other. ACCOMODATION.—Swell—*' Haw—"no small change about me." Minstrel—" Oh, dont mentiont, Sar. A b<d) will do. Sar. And if youH call at my Club to-morrow, Sar, the Hall Porter will give you sixpence back, Sw. My kyard, Sar, dtc. 1^-Punch. k f s B c c c b i w p c hn a o h 