CHAPTER XLIX. One night, cold, hungry, and miserable, Jack sat on tho hill in the park that faced the principal street of Grit. It was Saturday night. Beneath, in the shadows, walked lovers, conversing in low tones, planning the future which was to be so pleasant; enjoying their fleeting hour of happi ness, regardless of the terrible future of pain that was in store. In the street, the glare of gas lit up a crowd that was only the phantom of the vast army that a fo.w months before moved and had their being there. The Busy Bee was the ghost of itself, surrounded by a few spectral figures, broken down, brokers, insolvent speculators, and money less loafers.^ "Was it all a dream ? In the back ground was outer darkness, save the red light of an engine fire gleamed; and in the distance the mighty monster man had called into being to help him in the search for gold-that search wliich was almost fruitless now-groaned, and puffed and snorted. Gazing 011 the scene, the tears came into Jack's eyes, as the memories of the past came crowding into his soul, filling it with agony.' Phantoms of the past they wero to him now: days that had passed away-faces cold in death, or lost to liim for ever; eyes that met his love-hands that clasped liis in friendship-gone; all gone-and he was alone 1 That day he had gone as a last resource to the Hesperus Extended, where once lie was lord supreme, and asked for work. While he was talking to Sniggle Snickers, Obadiali Swectcomfort came up. Snickers had kept up a sort of sneering conversation with Jack. The moment Obadiali saw him, a demoniacal smile overspread his face; lie could not conceal his glee. He was not afraid of Jack now, for the poor fellow was too wan and thin to give him a blow as he had done in the old times. What a diflerence there was in the two men now. Jack was a mere scarecrow, while Obadiali had absolutely filled out, and looked comfortable and wealthy. As he stood there he handled his massive watcliguard, pulled out his heavy clu-on omt ter to look at the time, and twirled bis fingers so that the valuable diamonds might sciutillate in the face of liis old enemy. Obadiali was now a great man. He had ceased to dwell in Grit, and had betaken liimself to Melbourne, where he lived in state, having Income a land-owner there; and he bade well to become a bank director and share holder in permanent companies, and a great man in the land. He generally deigned to visit Grit, however, once a fortnight, and then its impecunious inhabitants waited upon liim as a lord, and begged, but hi vain, for loans. Obadiali did not care for the security they could give; he could invest, his money to a greater advantage in the metropolis. But he had still a few shares in the mines, and took a very active interest in the welfare of Grit, attending every political demonstration most religiously; for he had an eye on the constituency, and thought that he would attain the desire of his soul at the next election, and oust Hector Maciruiis. Only this was wanted to make liim the happiest man in the world. " Obadiah, however, said nothing to Jack that - could be construed into insolence or cruelty, but lie acted in such a way that the unfortunato man felt as if he would sooner have been thrust into the furnace and slowly incinerated. When Sniggle Snickers told liim there was no prospect of work, lie tottered away; but Obadiah followed liim, and, in his slimy way, held out a sovereign. " You may want something, Jack, jnst for the present," ho said. Had death stared Jack in the face, lie would not have taken this gift|so insultingly .offered. His old spirit returned, and ho felt as if he could have killed this heartless, relentless man. As he walked away, he heard the low chuckle of tho two wretches who stood watcliirig him. Jack had never seen Maggie since the day he met her at the station, being resolved to give no more cause of offenco to Bertha. Now, however, it seemed to him that she was the last support ho could lay hold of; so he mado his way to the house where she had lived. Ho was surprised to see strange ladies sitting under tho verandah sewing. When he rang the bell, a servant came out, and looking at him with all that superciliousness wliich these persons assume towards tie poor, asked him. what lie wanted. Jack inquired whether Maggie was in, upon winch the servant flew into a righteous rage, and asked him how dare he inquire about " sich people." Jack humbly replied that the lady had lived tliorc once, and he had not known she had shifted. " Well," said the servant, with that gleefulness wliich characterises people when im parting bad news, " that lady, as you call her, sold this 'ere liouso to my master, and cleared out to Melbourne," and with a laugh, she slammed the door in liis face, stating " she wasn't going to stand there talking to rubbage nil day." This was a terrible blow to Jack. He wandered aimlessly about tho gullies, where, in the old times lie and Spot, poor Spot-dead years ago-tended sheep together, happy as tho day wbb long. And, when the night came, he sought the Park, and sat ?there watching the panorama of life below. Was it to be wondered at, that under such cir cumstances, Jack began to ponder whether it were not better to quit' this sphere of sin and suffering, and seek refuge in a world tliat'could not be by any means worse? He had contemplated suicide often since Ids downfall. At night time, and during dark days, the idea was ever present, at times assuming the form of a shadowy being standing at his side, and tempting him to rid himself of liis troubled life. But, although Jack was not religious, although ho had been brought up in darkness, his maturer years had been too busy to permit of self-education in religious mattors, he combated the Phantom successfully, not on religious, but on manly grounds. After all he argued that the taking of one's life was a cowardly act, and that the suicide would deserve and receive a coward's fate, if there was such a tiling as another world. Besides, tho hope ever clung to him that after all fate had a better life in store for him; that he would yet be happy with Bertha. That strange vision which had three times visited him, seemed to give him fresh heart every time he thought of it. But this night the Phantom was more powerful than ever. When he passed a shaft on liis road down to the town, the Phantom seemed to drag him to the brink, and then when looking into the depths it whispered to liim, what a happy release it would be to fling himself down, and end all his miseries. Who, said the Phantom, spoke of another world? They were fools; there was no other world, and eternal punishment was a silly bugbear, only fit to frighten children. Ho that would be free, should strike the blow himself. When he went by tho glistening miniature lake in the park, whose mimic waves washed its slippery sides, the same dreadful Presence was near, and suggested a refuge in its sullen bosom. But the vision of tho bright Spirit that had promised him e the Shining Reef, seemed to hover over the water, and to point to happier days; so he passed on. Now, however, when sitting here alone, cold and wretched, the baleful demon returned with twofold power, and crowded into liis vision the past until ho was stung to desperation. How, .whispered tho fiend, could he ever attain to the wealth and j position that had been his ? Only in the course of very many years, and if they ever returned to him,'it would be when he was a hideous'old man, with all his power of enjoyment gone. Was this worth the pain and misery that must be his-hard I work, disappointment, perhaps death. No, no; it would be bettor to cut the knot, and at once solve' the great mystery] Jack rose from liis seat. His mind was at last made up. Ho glanced at the great street which had i seen his rise and fall, and bade it farewell for ever. The phantom of destruction was before liim; it gaily guided him on in the direction of a partially filled shaft that was in the Park. Jack followed it quickly, clenching liis hands firmly, and shutting his teeth, as if to nerve liimself up to the terrible deed. Ho paused at the brink. An army of dancing demons seemed to flit about in tho gloom of the shaft, bcckoning out of the dark water where a star or two were reflected. Ho drew in his breath, took one glance at the shining firmament lie would see 110 more, and " Hollo, there!" cried a strong, manly voice, and a hand was laid upon his arm; '' wli at do you mean ? Why, another moment and you'd have been down there beyond the art of a.doctor." Jack put his hand over his eyes. It was William Brown who spoke. " Good God!" said William, recognising his wretched friend.- " Have I saved you, poor Jack! I was coming home from work, when I saw a man standing suspiciously near this old shaft, and laid hold just in time to save you." " I am mad," said Jack. "No doubt, no doubt," said William, kindly; " and you have suffered enough lo drive a Samson mad. Why didn't you come to me? Here I've been sending and searching for you, but you've become such an owl, and I have so little time, that I never dropped across you. Come, Jack, you must come home with me, and you shall have half of what I have, even if its my last sixpence. Emily will soon put you to rights. Poor fellow I poor Jack! But don't think I will interfere with your independence. A few others, and I have found what we think a good show on the hill, close to where I live, and we are thinking of starting some one to prospect it. You shall have a share, Jack, and you'll work it, wliile the others and I will pay in; and if we get a golden reef, the old times will come back again. Eh ? Jack, old man-dear old man."' "God bless you, William," said Jack, the tears gushing from his eyes. "You are still the same." " Still tlie samo; forcverthe same," said William. "Could I forget what you have been to me, dear Jack ? Ceme along." 