THE ©5JS» OF S331 ; VIEWED EROII .Various stmsdpotts MOW WE WE MT, AND WHAT WE SAW. THE '"GUP THAT OJEiiSS " AUSTRALIA. (By SAM ARITAN1) Out Day ! Hurrah t Onco moro that grand old steed With foot of wondrous spaed And pace subliino— Swift-flying Tirao— Hath brought us safoly round, Another "turn," with leap and bound, O'er Life's highway ; And spirits gay On'ovory hand proclaim Our glorious Cup Day and its famo. Now banish caro and ovory ill That holds man subjeot to it still. Soo I round about on every band, Prom city slum to silvern stmnd, From strosts of toil to forest gludo, Tbo thousands flock, of avory grado, Both rich aud poor, both high and lo w,— Miscellauy of prido aud woo, Of labor, luxury, and crime, Of mou from ovory raco and climo. All shades of thought and crood coateud Light royally Uio day to epond. Nor pm;9Q the giddy, glndsuuio tbroog, 'Mid laugh, and just, mid mcry song, To think of thoso in lowly ways Who olaiin no sharo in fintivo days, Whoso lot (and inav thoir clnsubn fowl Is saddoncd by the gloomy viow, Of grinding poverty and caro, Tho fruitful aoods of dark despair. Aud if a momont ou Uio way Wo givo to dwoll ou such poor clay. Our thoughts aro vnguo, nor longor stand Than footprints on tho shifting sand, Honco, then lot all such thoughts bogono; Wo canuot mend, by mourning, what is done. The day is ours, so lot's employ it, As best may servo us to enjoy it, Soo now tho crowds that throng tho town, From tap-room boy to wig and gown; All bout upon tbesamo direction, All sortsof folk with ono reflection. Ozpleusuroull, and gain intont,— Ton thousand mimlu with but ono "bent." Here, wealthy case, with pomp and prido, Behind two prancing sloods doth rido; Tho horsos far much bolter bred Than thoso by whom they'ro owood and fed, Noxt thro' tho gay aud motley crowd, Willi clatter,qmck and rattle loud, Spocds apace tho fcBtive dragon, (KB., a "turn-out" justto brng on). Then drVvo along, with spirits gay, In i ich at tiro and bright array, Tbo gontlo patrons of tho day. To tho courso ! the courso I thoy onward go ; Tho pace, tho' quick, yot 'all too slow For spirits high, impatient of delay To sco tho famous contest of tho day, . The "taleut," too, erstwhile with book in baud, , Forsake in hasto their woll known stand, Aud tako, by railway or by horso, Their hurried way from town to cours9, 1 And thousands moro, from ovory part, Havo for tho races mado a start. ! Tho course ! woll, it simply lookod grand, sir, Which is language qnito simple and plain, But it's all that J have at command, sir; | To describe it wcro utterly vaiu, Unless with tbo pen of Charles Dickens, Or somo genius equally high, Say, Archibald Forbos on the war-path, Whom no other "Special" comos nigb. A fact which no ambitioua scribblers Will, I fancy, prasumo to dony. | Near ono hundrod thousand spectators ! Well, it docs mako a native fool game, Thoro's many a great thriving city, With a loaf in tho Hecord of Fame, Whoso people can't rival that number. Nor their natural prido put to shame. A prido that woro 'ulae wore it humbler, And not worth a ghost of a name; For tho poople who moot here ou Cup Day ' Aro of nations the Grome de la Oremo. From tbo Hill to tho Lawn and tho railing A Aca of bright faces is seen. From tbo Stand, with its boauty impaling And on to the soft downy groon, . ; Human life in its strength and its woakne3B ' An oudless and multiform train. , , Horo a prim "harbor's clork" in his sleekness,' 1 here a sharper, who3o bns'aoas is gain; i And hard by the flowor-bods, "sweet no things " Den Juan is whispering amain. A sight worth tho looking at, suroly, ; ' j Jiuit pride of our laud and our raco, j And an ovidonco— lot's speak demurely— i Of a "placo" in tho national "race," But stay 1 While thus we aro pondering . Iu this philosophical way, ; . Our thoughts havo strangoly gono wander- irg ; ' ' From the principal thomo of tho day, j And hero are the jockeys all mounted, ' And ready to start right away. "Clear tlio Course for the Cup ! clear the Course I" Cries tho Olork as ho canters along. Up Uio straight for n few hundred yards, ; Through the eager and bustling throng, Then ho whools nnd returns to tho spot,' Wbero tho bloods aro all ready to fly, A good-looking crowd to make the page hot, ; And tho form of tho best horso to try. Off they go 1 No ; o false start, by jove I As again thoy return into lino, ' ' And tbo eager crowd huatlo and Bhovo/ In tbo heat of the brilliant sunshine, 