THE BOHEMIAN. How far the Duke of Manchester was right when he told an English audience that if we had_ sufficient population here to pay for the finding and storage of water we should be the largest wheat-producing British colony is a question which, in the face of the recent successes of Canada, it would be venturesome to answer. The Duke was no doubt both truthful in intention and accurate in fact when he said that everybody in Australia had been civil to him, and we are proud to sec a recognition of any politeness we may have shown him. But when it comes to our wine, can His Grace be other than mistaken ? He says our grapes lack the fineness and delicacy of flavour which should commend them to the English palate, and that these qualities are to be sought in the grapes of the stony hillside. Now, a duke, if he has anything like a ducal income, ought to have a better cellar and know more about its contents than common men. It is not the hillside vines that furnish all the noted vintages which are shipped at Bordeaux, and as for the champagne country, it is mostly as flat as a pancake. And as for the Australian grape not suiting the English palate, I may safely say that if one were to collect all the wines of the world, and serve them out to all manner of men according to their vinous understandings, it would be the rougher clarets of France and Spain that would bear the palm among the connoisseurs as common drinks, and next to them woidd come—what most resembles them—a claret from Australia which had served its apprenticeship both to wood and bottle. Except -in those happy moments when we are careless as to the incentives which " prove an excuse for the glass," the proposition that " the Pope he leads a happy life" is no longer tenable. A description of the precise nature of the operations by which his enemies have managed to sicken him of his natural habitat must be left to special correspondents, but those hostile manoeuvres ave dimly discernible to me. in the light of a short conversation which I once held with a French republican. It was just after the Orsini plot, and the man, who was always interested in some intended revolution or other, seemed to derive satisfaction from what the world regarded as the abortive result. " But why do you keep on shooting at him and trying to blow him up ?" I asked; " You see you never succeed." " My friend," said my interlocutor, "you do not understand. If we shoot at liiiu long enough it will oblige liim to wear a steel waistcoat, ami then, when he gets into the water, he will not be able to Boat unaided." Taking the answer an pied de, la h ttre, I thought the process ridiculously circuitous ; but when, soon after, the Emperor led the army in person to help the Italians to clear the Austnans out of Italy, I began to tliink my republican instructor had been employing a poetical simile. It is always sad when Christians cannot live together in unity, and gives us a great deal of trouble with outsiders endowed • with philosophy and humour. In his semi-political wanderings in Africa, Mr. Froude came across a model village, in which, at suitable distances, were three Christian missions—Catholics, Wesleyans, and Church of England. The coign of vantage was held by an old chief, who was respected both as the oldest inhabitant and as the chief source of secular control over the Kafir tribe which occupied the district. Two of his sons had embraced Christianity, so far at least as their kind ever embrace it. "Why do you not yourself become Christian ?" asked the interpreter of the old chief. " When Christians here," said he, pointing to one mission-house, " speak to Christians there," pointing to the other, " that will be the time for me to join all the three." So they are going to get rid of Newgate and its handmaid, the Old Bailey Court, more mellifluously styled " the Central Criminal. '' It gave me a twinge of pain when, to enlarge the accommodation for an important trial, they shifted the dock, the Bench, the Jury-box, and the round table, and brought the business nearer the window. It was true, it seemed the same oak-pannelling and seats, and tliei'e hung the naked sword over the red cushions of the Bench, and there lay the bunches of rue between the iron spikes in front of the dock, but, alas! it had a novel aii'.. The place, however, though changed, retained its genius, and I look back with pleasure to many an hoar of my learned, or unlearned, leisure spent there in listening to the mixture of arguifient, satire, pathos, historical and patriotic allusion, anecdote, and moral and metaphysical reflection which seemed to flow freely at command from the eloquent lips of my Hibernian friend—let us call him Michael Barry. It was a treat to hear him defend a London thief. If the wisdom involved a doubt either of identity or of intention, his speech, after an appropriate exordium, was resonant of mystery, and no one so well as he would explain by argument or illustrate by anecdote the prejudicial effect of darkness, fright, and hurry on the human memory and imagmation, or point out with such well-feigned regret how all the doubt might liave been cleared up if only everybody had done exactly what lie did not do. But he was always ill at ease in these cases : the fact that there was really a fair chance of success seemed to weight him with a load of responsibility. The cases he liked were where the crime, occurred in broad <lay.light and the story was narrated on oath by the bystanders. Here he seemed to revel in the complete openness of tlie transaction, and there was a thrill of triumph in his question, "I suppose Hnyhotly could have seen if:" Then it was a treat to hear Mm discourse on liie origin of ideas and the peculiar fallibilities of human perception. " And lie;ir him urpe in luetaphysic strain l!ii\v 'twere mure likely ears should hear in vain, I'.ye* chat beheld a fact mistaken be Thau one who stole should let liis neighbours see." Tl'.-y were proud of him in Dublin and iu Loudon ; we thought liim an ornament to the forum and tlie Press. But then iie had the benefit—alas ! inaccessible to tlie colonial youth'in general—of a training at an ancient manufactory of learning—1 ouulit to add " of wisdom'" also. Cicero and Thucydides, lojiic and moral philosophy, may be studied here, I suppose, by the happy few who are inclined thereto : but tlie secret ami voluntary means by which wisdom was imparted and morals purged by the gratuitous combination of the denizens of the ancient academies, these are beyond the colonial grasp. I will give an example of what can be done by the external application of a counter-irritant. Samuel Waddilove, the son of a country parson, was of studious habits, a fair scholar, a thorough muff, and as big a fool as there was in the University. Moreover, he was a member of our college, and, as we considered ourselves, not without valid and acknowledged reasons, as a long way superior to any other college in the place, we felt ashamed of Waddilove. His folly took the turn of talking slang, affecting a fast set, and trying to participate in amusements for which he was wholly unsuited. If he had behaved as a mere bookworm we should have respected him. We had formed no plan, however, of curing him, nor indeed do I remember that the charge against him waseverformulated as I have been above obliged to jdo. Our feelings were simply instinctive, and it was only by an aecident that we ever disburdened ourselves of them. Twice .a .week we played at whist of an evening, Johnson, Bracebreech, Shortlace, and L The game was preluded by a frugal supper, and ended in a modest glass, and when tlie rest of us left, Johnson left his rooms and accompanied us along the quadrangle. It was a fine, still, moonlit night, and there was only one window with a light. It was Urban's, who was engaged in studies which afterwards earned him distinction. As we passed by Waddilove's rooms on the ground- Hoor we were attracted by a snore which sounded through the open window. "It is Waddilove," said one; " let us go and look at him." In we all went through the open window. We lit a candle. There was Waddilove sleeping soundly enough. We walked round both his rooms, and inspected them without seeing anything striking. At last one called out, " Why, here's his cruetstand. Now, a cruetstand, like a pair of sugar-tongs, was contrary to the common law of the place, and we were entitled to destroy it. A man might have mustard, and pepper, and vinegar, but not in a cruet-stand. The noise attendant on this discovery woke Waddilove. " My dear fellow, said Johnson, " we came in to see what was the matter with you. We were alarmed by your stertorous breathing. It is the result of indigestion from inflated ambition." " You require cooling," said Shortlace, "and fortunately the mustard is here." One held his feet, another sat upon his chest, while the others emptied the mustard-pot over him and then poured on the vinegar. He assured us he was perfectly well, but we told him he was no judge of his own state. He said he did not mind the mustard so much, but the vinegar made it smart far more. We told him it was nothing without the vinegar, and all was for his good. He howled and wriggled, but could not escape; and Bracebreech explained, in a way that would have done credit to Mrs. Gamp, how thankful he would be to us in the morning. At last the noodle said something about the poultice being hotter than was good for him, and how that his aunt said it should only be on a quarter of an hour. This made us shake so with laughing that a final effort prompted by despairenabled him to free himself from us and rush headlong to the window. " Stole away!" cried Johnson, rushing after him, and, catching him on the window ledge by the nightshirt, grasped a long strip of calico only, for the man was gone. After him went Johnson, followed by Shortlace and Bracebreech, shouting " Yoicks" and "Tallyho," and then came a hunt in the moonlight around the quadrangle. We ran as well as we could for laughing, and caught the nightshirt every now and then, and off came along strip every time, till at last there was nothing left, but the figure still fled on. This brought us to a stand and made us hold our sides for laughing, and, before we had recovered, the figure had disappeared up Urban's staircase, and was rapping, quite breathless, at a door on the second floor. "Are you mad?" said Urban, opening to what seemed to be a ghost. " No," said he, " but I've got no clothes on, because Bracebreech, Shortlace, Johnson, and the Bohemian broke into my room and held me down and put a mustard poultice on my stomach, till I jumped out of window, and then they chevied me round " the quad and pulled off my nightshirt. Lend me a blanket and take me to my room." Urban did so, ,and put Mm to bed, and .shut the 'window. " Now, Waddilove," said he, " this is all because you've been making a fool of yourself. Don't do so any more. Be yourself, and be a man. That's all that's wanted of you. Good-niglit!" Waddilove became a changed man after that; and when, later on, I met him in the streets of London wearing a white neckerchief, and leading his little children, I have no doubt he inwardly thanked me, as we exchanged salutations, for my share in the mustard poultice, and I may mention that Urban frequently feels it his duty to ad- minister from the judicial bench to litigants very similar advice to that which he gave Waddilove after putting him to bed. 