SURVIVAL OF A MAN INTO WHOSE - BRAIN A BREECHPIN HAD PASSED, There appeared in the rotunda of the Windsor Hotel, last evening, a gentleman who attracted no little attention and comment. Not that he was odd in make-up, or eccentric in demeanour, but because he bore upon his forehead the ghastly mark of a miraculous escape from death. Everybody who noticed the red line, looked a second and a third time, and looking, suggested that the man had something interesting in his history. An inquiry at the desk revealed the fact that he was a New York journalist, the o-iitor of the .Gastronomist,' Bnd that his mono was John J . Keihpater. Upon solicitation,- Mr Ketnpster told a reporter the story of the wound, f it occurred while j was duck shooting in New Jersey, on the 23rd of September, 1880. Said Mr Kempster : " I wandered into tho marshes about a mile and a half from the lii tie village, and finally obtained a good shot at a flock of ducks who were swimming in a shallow slough. I fired, and that was tho lBst I remember for some time. When I reoovered consciousness, I was lying flat on my.baok ; the sun beating down on me. , I knew that I uas wounded, tut for many ( minutes could not imagine whore the iujuty was. Better sense came to me slowly, and with it strength". I felt something t- ickling "down my forehead," and, putting up my hand, touohed'ti thin coating, that proved to be mingled blood and brains. Then I understood that the gun had exploded or disoharged itself through the breeoh, and something had penetrated my forehead. I raised my hand 11 second time, aud felt the-amaller end of a breeohpin' protruding from my hend. I immediately thought all was up, and, commenced to make peace with God iu prayer. I grewstrongerand more conscious of my- condition however and in tho hope of securing medical aid that might save my life, I eiruggled to my feet. A heaviness, as if my brain c.avity ' wais loaded with lead, was all that I suffered. Everything appeared natural to me ; the trees, the shrubbery, and the marshes, and oven the 'path I had taken, was distinct to my mind. I was even thoughtful enough to take up the gun and examine it. The stock was separated from the barrels — imbedded in my brain was the absent breeohpin. " I walked back to the village. It seemed an age before I got there, the invisible weight on my head bending me to the ground. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vogue Hope for life encouraging me. When I arrived at the hotel where I was stopping, the people seeing me, fled as if a ghost were approaching through the daylight. When I told the clerk tn go for a Burgoon, he stood as if . palsied. I grew mad, and Bhouted to him tn find a surgonn or I should die, and then I fell to tho floor speeohless. I was agaiu unconscious until the operation had been performed, and the iron pin was taken PS my brain. , It was a bungling piece '"dfworbj'two country physicians, who" knew as much about surgery as I do of Choctaw, hacking and hewing, and sawing my head until they hud; opened it, as you can sse, more than two aud a half inohes. : Then I was put on the train and sent to New York.. Until consciousness came to , my -relief again, I was in the moat terrible Bgonj-, my brain aching as though a thousand daggers were piercing it. I remember being placed in the hospital ambulance ; the remarks -.of bystanders that I could not live ; the jolting noise through the streets ; the ringing of the am bulance bell, which sounded like a death knell to me ; and after that, all was blank. It was several days before I came to, and well I recol lect the first query I made to the doctor : " Was there any probability that my life would bB .safe 1" Four -mouths afterward I was once more 'at my desk, grinding away as if my brains were iDtact." Where the breechpin" entered Mr Kampster's head, there is a space of about half an inch in 'diameter, where the cuticle touches the braid, and moves with each pulsation of the organ. A catting of the skin would expose the brain. — Denver (Ool.) Tribune. A band of -brigands in the: neighbourhood of Smyrna has lately been given great trouble. Tho band is under the leadership of a notorious brigand, by name Araboglnu, who has committed many nets of atrocity, and appears to be one of those persons who " stick at nothing." The other day he care fully prepared an ambuscade near the town of Nazilifor the chief of the Smyrna police, Tebiplak Mustapha Agba, who wae hotly pursuing him with a oompany of gendarmes. At thiffrst volley of the ooncealed brigands, the commander, his sergeant, four Boldiers, and the guide fell, pierced with ballets. The rest of the gendarmes took to their heels.1 Araboglou then emerged from his place of concealment, and finding that Tcbiplak Mustapha was not quite dead, finished him with a blow of his yataghan. He then cut oil one of his ears,- which he carried away, together with the rifle and revolver ofhis viotim. On -the occurrence being reported at Aidin, Major Sulieman Agha, the chief of the gendarmerie of tbs district, started oil with a strong forae in search of the brigands, who, by latest aoconnts, had been seen at a distance, but dis played 'great - disinclination to place themselves, within gunshot. At Sydney the question " Where are the police" 'may well be uBked. A girl 13 years old has been found there who had lived in the parks and gardens for s fortnight. A challenge is given in yesterday's Sportsman by " Mdlls. Pinero, the champion equestrienne of America," to Australian horse-women. Mdllo.. Pinero is willing'to stake any part of £200 on a 20 miles' race, eaoh rider to have 10 horses, and to change as often as she' think fit. Tbis kind of contest is creating n great amount of attention in Amerioa, where some startling ' records have been accomplished. . Nelly Farren, the clever soubrette of the London Gaiety Theatre, benefitted lately, and realised £500 Tho flowers which were conveyed over the fool.light and up to the stage door by her admirers filled two square cabs. Joseph Auriol, a priest, ths cure of Nohede,:, iu the Pyrenees Orientates, has been convicted of Eoisoning two ladies, parishioners from whom he ad obtained wills in his favour. Ho had hastened to realise considerable sums from their ostato, and sent 5,OO0f. to a) schoolmistress with whom be intended to elope. The jury gave him extenuating circumstances only from unwillingness to send a priest to the guillotine, and he was. sentenced to penal servitude for life. 