SUNDAY READING. Tlie Raven. •B* the Tbkc Bev. H. Law,; JI;A.,''i)BAir or' .. Q-ioocestib. ' •r« He sent forth, a raven, which treat forth M aid fro until the waters wero dried up fritth in tho'oartn:' Gfey. vii.i BLS§3ED arc they, who findvth^ir cohst-mt pleasure-ground,iu. the jiuxurtes of tile . Bible 1 They cominurib With tie mind of God. They listcA to a heavenly Voice. They bash in if purest light. . They feed in-wholesome pastures of refreshment. They fear no poison from the weeds of error. -2Jo devious path can1 lead astray their steps." Wisdom from*:above guides sweetly. The Spirit, as high Teacher of the Chureli, instructs the students. They ad vance safely, happUy from grace to grace. The lessons are vast, as the imudfrputxVhicli they spring. They/arc pure", ftS,th'o ;rcalmo. lo. which thCy call. TTici" warn of sin -its iilth— ■ its niiiery—its ecd. They unfold Jesus, in nil the glories of redeeming lore They exhibit holiness, as the road to holy heaven. ,• Header, heed a salutary admonition. . Study the Bible, as holding treasure for your soul. Study in the earnestness of prayer. . Study, with eternity outspread boforo you»s; v Study* with the lowliness of a poor, sinudr.; befoni .a 'speaking God., Study with fhitli devoutly, grasping every wdrd. . Close not the -volume without inquiring, Is sin niorc liatefiil—the world more worthless—the ilesh more treacher ous in my sight ?, Is Jesus brought nearer.to my adoring soul ?. Is my,heart won to moro . entiro dcvotedncas ? Am 1 more resolute solute to live for; Him, who died forme? The lively wordshould* thus gire lifei- /. ;• - ■ But this teaching is more than mighty ih its matter.It is attractive in its varSediftode.*: It charms by inexhaiistible'diver'sity., Ifc'summons all eircaliofi tb .ita servico. .. It: traverses the milrerio. of thiDgs.nlivo and lifeless.; It uses all their, stores,.as4handmaids' to profoundbr truth. • -j- . i '••• A few flowers, culled, from tlic spacious garden,, will illustrate this. Jt. looks above, and from i the wonders of the firmament brings testimony to Redemptions nobler work. 'Iheorbo£day' 'proclaims the bub of Righteousness;- The glory of the lovely light is typically significant of ' the true light.' * I am the light of the world: ho that foUowelhmo. shall not walk in! darkness, but shall liave the light of life John via, 12. The glittering star has a Gospcl voiee. } M am the root and offspring, of David, and the bright and morning star :' Rev, xxii, 16. .' It looks to. the. earth, and > Christ; is seen | throughout tlie countless produce. Tho Btately tree-r-the fragrant flower—the. .flowing:.stream —tlie living stone - tho riches of the. mine,-arid rill the length, and breadth , of; its immensities, call us to adore 'the fchiefest ; among, ten •thousand.' • ' ' Ho, tooj the of animated life .* inculeatcs thoughts of highest import. .The .• lion, ruling; tho forest in his. might—the ox, not ignorant of' its owner—the ass, quick to, discern its master's crib—the washen swine returning,to * the: mire —the gentle flocks reposing in" tho meadows— the goats cast out .from.the fold,and otherj tribes, warn by peculiar habit.. Each seems to say, Immortal souls may .liiyo .deep profitby: observing ino. .:ii; :, : r.,. :{ Among these monitors the feathered creation occupies its place To each of this class.-*eome. speciality belongs. ,,These, .diflrcring-.. manners are not given in vain. The mind; which framed the diverse instincts, writes on each Bomoad-, monition. , ..... • : :. ,v i- ( Sometimes tho moral: is distinctly drawn; Sometimes nothing but the habit of the wioged one is stated. The reader is left to ponder it in: meditative prayer. ; \ - j V . . Such is tho case of the first: i>i>d named" in sacred annals. Its notice is brief.; : Itrappeats: when the waters of tho deluge.-wcro partially assuaged.. Noah had* boon told by God what God alouc could tell.. The coming of this ruin had been distinctly fore:-announced. No human means could ascertain whenthus the floodgates of heaven would open, and all the fountains of the great deep be broken up. This then was taught by a revealing voice; But God fixed not the moment of departure from the ark. Deity instructs sufficiently,. hut not superfluously. What rcosoning powers can' discover, no inspiration; will unfold."When ordinary means sulllce, no miracle will inter fere. ' Noah by nature! resource must - learn, when earth again shall be dry ground, i . • He seeks aid from the winged inmates of the ark. He selects the Haven. He sends it forth on embassage of observation. - 4 Noah: opened the window of the ark which he had madej und he sent forth a raven Gen. viii, 6. In vain i lie waited. There was no return. It brought I no tidings. Its wings beat not again again*! the wirdoiv of its egress. It sought no more | admission into its former shelter. 4It went | forth to and fro.* It wandered up and down. I It found some resting-places perhaps on the I loftiest crags of the re-appraring mountains ' It I was well pleased to feed on any flouting carrion. It cured not, where it perched, or where it gained support, so long as it bud no restraint. It left the ark, pleased to escape It loft the 1 ark, never to re-enlor. My soul, murk well this wandering Raven. It gives a warning. It speaks of disappoint' mcnt. Noah exportediU return with tale of eaith*s revival. Bub it euino not back. It cheered him not with an assurance that the destroying waters were uKsnugcd—and desola tion's reign ww past.. It gave not the solace of abided ruin. Jt never seid, Go forth—walk up and own in pmiec—peril has ceased—earth is and a dry abode. I'rom all the st reams of teaching flowing from this spring, let that be heard which is most vitally instructive, hot us then lirst obscrvo an allegoric emblem oi' the Moral Law. Doubtless no such lesson is primarily designed. But profit may be incidentally deduced, when | tot originally meant. Thesoul intent on'holy growth,- may; 'gather floircra in a field tilled to render other crop. ' It ia sadly true, that many turn to the Law for life—for peace—for righteousness. But can its voice proclaim these blessings ? It is, indeed, a'code—godlike in majesty, sublimity,-and . itrutli.i It is'seated on a glorious throne. It id '. ;a;picture of "jehovalt'6 iliihd.^ It showsthh iincdiu'enta !bf Hib eternal ^essence. It. iq VVondrouB in brevity—infinite in extent. la the substange. of its. jwholo requirementa. jtove seines, Mb the da&dling; crown upon its ' iJrowl' Love is tlio one channel of its course. But still it is so boundlessly expansive, that its ... Vide arms embrace each thought—each .word— each work of all, who ever trod, or uhaU tread, ' .earth," r ■ 1\. It announces, that deviation from pure Love ..; ' is utter abomination in God's sight. It points to heaven and cries, Love is the one atmosphere •of that bright home. Nothing breathes th^ but Love. ]fc stands a£ p..gtt%rd before ^9 .. "phiping porfall. It. drives 'back all transgres- " , aoro of. its gfafad ehacfcmcnt." View now the sinner's breast, when pene; . trated by the Spirit's light. ;Conscieu2e in-. ' stantly accuses, of transgressions— many as the moments of existence—towering high as rooiin- - tains piled on mountains—extending inmulti*. tudo, as all the sands of ocean's shore—cm- "A bodiodlh eiich'act—sounding in eacli word— , elaMagcach thought. .Will the,Iflw drtttf 5 \ V softly near, .and wipe a^ay aU. V.urs-^and ' silence, fears ? Will it liid gloom to disappear ? . Will it diffuse the calm of heavenly peace?. Wdl it show wrath appeused—and'vengeance satisfied—and, deathfiil weapons laid aside* | Far otherwise,' The RaVen brought no' happj1 ' . tidings- The'Law liitn tell nb lale of eomfdrt; ' :It leavesthe s'oiilin..dti^peStcells of^ uttoriholt ,.\\..r | despair. Altp^ys nd'.'soothingMTiritl. . .Ife ha§ , no cheering' n'dte. It.has .no ihessiges of' re*: , ' concildlioh. iL. raises h'dt. f£om terror's , , £gohiring'de]hhs. It' only affrights.with its i inexorable threats. It thunders, Give mo my , duei:; Pay the full debt contracted by offence. , u JBufe'the insolvent cannot pay. ; Therefore the : f.A curse must fidl. Tliusit inflicts .banishment from God—exclusion"'from the realms of .. - s'!,y ■ blessedness—consignment to the. prison-house j :; /.1 | of hell.' Thus it piles , anguish upon anguish, wliich * never can relax, until the ages of eternity shall cease. ... • : '■ Reader, study the Law profoundly. Ponder ita'breridth—its length—its:depth—its height. Gaze with open eye upon its perfect purity.-' Mark 'wellri'.s. large and just requirements. Realiso your own . infinite shortcoming. . See ■•••; your whole life one mass of violation. Mark, :»•., how it fastens .condemnation on you. View-its..-.*, high barrier, excluding you.-from: heaven.v ^ Weigh its strong chain, dragging you to hell. ; ; Take the inevitable truth. It has no word of . t: • peace, t lb never pardons. It givetnoblife. lt 1j surely dooms to death. Expect not llOlp frtini • it. Nay* dee far from it. -Jf. you escape'nbtp. ^ it- will ; Surely *lay you. Tlie Raven cheered not tliejinmates of the ark. The Law brings : norelief.. • :Nosh, r disappointed; t sends fort-hit another ..>< messenger./. Tho.Dove^joedsilier gentle way.' She tarries not. She. soon relieves tho anxious , fears, i Her welcome wings are lieardagain. Joy brighten9 at Her glad return; . For in her.; •.» 'mouth 'she :shows;an olive leaf plucked.off: . — = Glen; viii.ll. \ -\i„ ■> " ' •" *'-.■ »•j This leaf relates. a. happy s' ory. . The "waters > - are abated. The destroying element has- sub*I sided.' j Peril; has jfled aWny.; Security agaiftf<<:' smiles;) 'ilie detaining doors may now bo 'opened; Earth is again verdant. Solid grounds*, 'invites returning - steps.-:! Let .now. 1 hanks 'givings rise. Let praise ascend. Let manfo-1' 'occupy jliis renovated homei <»:*; • «r ir t:'Hqre't is .a lovely emblem of our.Gospel! " What the Law announces not, is sweetly pub dished by glad tidings from'abovo. , Welcome,' thrice' welcome;news :reeouhd from 4heaven;'. Floods uponfloods.of joy unspeakable .issue " from lion's heights. Full salvation is revealed. if* On earth peace, good-will toward men, aro - gloriously proclaimed. . . . r •. • • Hearken, 0 children of men* Give ear. - my soul; 'Would; that ull earthV eonn, .from; '• Eiufc-from West—from North—from South; -•> could bp tho audience J Would that all might- -• hear the faithful suyings-of-the- blessed Gos pel! Christ is the-first and last—tho sum and;' substance of this noble word. Christ—chosen —sent - anointed—accepted of God.-,. Christ— wondrous in His peraoh—the mighty 'God therefore infinitely glorious to save- Christ very man,'therefore entirely qualiCedto repre sent the family of Adam. Christ—loving from everlasting to everlasting, with love knowing no origin—no end—ho intermission—no degrees: with lovo always unchangeably the aamo - per fect— pure — intense — enduring. Christ hanging on tho accursed tree—laying down His life a sufficient ransomo price—by His blood closing the gates of hell—quenching God's . fiery wrath—paying alldemands—satisfying every claim—glorifying every attribute—wash ing out each crimson-stain of all His ransomed flock. Christ -gloriously fulfilling every title • , of the glorious Law—saying to eacli coinmund, . I. fully have obeyed ; and then trausforring tho _ vicarious obedience, as divine righteousness,' to I His bride the Chuivh—horrobe for heaven— , I her lustre in the courls above- Christ—pur chasing the Holy Ghost, und sending ; Him to I bless the Church with all His poworB to teach— I to sanctify—to comfort—to adorn—to boautify. . ! Christ- rising from the grave, a , proof, that . God is satisfied—and all redemption fully | earned -an oar nest, that the ransomed in their 1 t urn shall put on the beauties of a resurrection bedy, worthy of a resurrection-state. Christ— | ascending to tho right, hand of tho majesty on ! high," representing nil His people in Himself— bearing their names upon liis shoulders and j Jlis heart—receiving all gifta lor llteiti — pour ling down all blessings on thorn. Christy- . coining lo inst itute a glorious reign—to change . the living—to raise the dead—to eiecute eternal judgment—to fill all heaven with glory —to awaken the eternal song of iiover-endiug hallelujahs. . 0 my, toul, what a flood of tidings; of great, joy! SjiVing forth to wblcbine them. Stretch' " forth your arms to clasp thorn. Tho Law frowns condemnation. Tho Gospel thus smiles salvation. The wrath is gone. Destruction's, billows aTO no inoro Beon. Dismiss all fears Annihilate your shivoring doubts. Tremble no more. Open the gates of liberty. Go forth, as Noab, upon the renovated earth. Walk up end down in tho green pastures of delight, see all round you verdant and redolent of peace. Enjoy. Givo thanks. Life up the voice. Sing praises. All things are yours—the world —things present—things to conic—all are yours-and yo are Christ's—and Christ is God's X Cor. iii, 21, 22, 23. Following the Gospel-voice, we dwell as lords of a wide universe of peace. We lie down in green pastures—we feed beside still waters. Tho hand of love makes full provision. Goodness and mercy follow our Btcps. as the at tending shadow. This Gospel flies from heaven, assuring us, that God, orcu our own Gcd, shall bless us. Tliui, liko Noah's dove, it calls us forth to liberty and joy. AJ1 glory to tho Goapol of free grace! AH glory to tho Gospel of eternal ltfe! But mark again the Haven. Wo may- learn much from its departing flight. Without un duly giving wings to fancy, wo may here trace silly worldlings m their silly ways. To such, the Gospel-ark is not a welcome homo. Its holy boundaries are uncongenial. Thoy flee its pious inmates. They shun its righteous shelter. The easy yolk galls, as an enfettering chain. The light burden is as a heavy bon dago. They give tlio wing to their unbridled passions. They aro carried away by wild de sires—and craving appetites—and raging lusts. Their feet speed hastily from spots, where Christ is tho one testimony—where God is lovingly adored—whore eternity in vivid colours is brought near. O my soul, take warning. Make the Gos pel-ark your constant dwelling- place—your much-loved homo—your safe retreat—your all protecting shelter. Dwell in Christ, and Oliritt in you. Abide in Him, and He in you Nestle sweetly—rest securely—in tho screen ing refuge of His wounds. Stray not away from Him. There is a beacon, too, in the Haven's rest lessness. It wanders to and fro, and never settles Worldlings wandering from Christ And no repose. Tossed up and down, they lead a weary life. Hurried hither and thither, thoy aro strangers to all peace. Some vain al lurement offers rest. Thoy sock it only to take early flight. Another spot invites. It promises much, and disappoints the more. Behold the fretting waters of the troubled sea. Thoy re present tao constant motion of the unfixed mind* Thus always craving—never satisfied— the weary votaries of earth drag out their un calm days. 0 my sou], hast thou found Christ ? The true believer sweetly sings,' I sat down under His shadow with great delight, and His fruit was sweet to my taste8ong ii, 3. Shall God say of Zion/This is my rest forever; here > will I dwell; for I have desired it ? Pa. exxxii, ^ 14. And wilt not thou respond, Christ is in deed my rest for ever ? Nothing shall tempt me from my home of joy. The Savon's food erects another beacon What nurture could it find in the drowned waste ? What, but the putrid remnants of the: floating carcases ? Thus worldlings starve their pouls amid the husks . and carrion of their (pleasures! Their maxims aro false, and therefore poisonous. : No wholesome nu • trimont is there. Their, cup of joy at best is insipidity. Contrast the banquet-house of faith. The word luxuriantly contains supplies to cheer—to strengthen — to refresh. . The promises, what animating cordials! The truths of the cross, what a well-stored table! Jesus is the bread of life. Tbo soul partakes and lives. The prospect of tho heavenly rest, what a rich feast! 4Eat, O friends—drink, yea drink abundantly, 0 beloved.' The love of Christ, how invigorating! * 31iy lovo is better than wino' ' Bcadcr, be always a guest at tins board, and Ccat that which is good, and let.your soul de light itself in fatness." If any worldling should peruse this page, may his eye turn nob again to that poor cheat, the world. May it look to Christ, and never look away! Ho is sure rest. He is safo ; re fuge. He is a treasury of all deliglns. He satisfies, (ill the full soul can hold no more. 