Oiiapteh II. The wide, silont gardens were fnll of eveniug odours and shadow's as Lesley ran down the leafy walk that led to the river ; a magical, green twilight, had fallen over the dreaming land. Behind her stood the housn, a large, irregular ouurling or red hrick, with white cop ings, and with dormer-windows in its quaint rouf, where swallows wore sour iii4 and diviug and twittering round their nests in the fa.ling light. At her feet, reflecting the green sky, ran the river, eddying round stones and roi-ks, and flowing through the overhanging willow*, the shadows of which lay as bin k as night below. Warm odours from distuut fields of beans and clover blew in Lesley's face; a trout leaped splashing utnong the burdock-leaves. Sbo heard the waters eddying and lapping round the posts of the wooden buut-liouse father on. It wus a tranquil Imur — a pretty scene. But the irirl was in a restless nervous mood, very unusual with her, and, as she stood staring idly at thu little opal-tinted bubbles and the leav.-H and twigs tlmt were drifting down xvith the current, a vague thrill of melancholy stirred wi'hin her. Uncertain longings after something far off, wonderful, blissful — uncertain regrets of childish fUulti and follies— a swift soon-forgotten pan* of remorse tor the pain nhe had that day caused uu honest man — all thes'j seemed bleuded in s line curious manner which the greon western sky and the faint sound of voices that reached he from the village road through the breathless evening calm. The mearlow-swenc growing by the moist flowery banks of the river gave out its sweet i enetratiug sc.ent, and, us Lesley smelt it dreamily, her childhood's days came back to hor as clear v as though she were living them over a'gain — happy days full of sunshine aud leisure and kind words, full of loving memories of her indulgent father, ami of the tender woman who had taken the plaee of her dead mother in her baby-heart and had kept it ever since. Airs. Powletf was a distant relative of Sir John's, and when, she bad been left a widow she bad found a home at Heycott, where she superintended tin* household and Miss Leslev, und was liked aud respected by high and lo.v. The governess of Lpsley's eurlier days was the companion and friend 'of tbe present. , ; T-- Dolly the girl confided much that her father could liurdly be expected to sympathise with, 'and between Mrs. Powlett ami. Sir Jonn she was somewhat spoiled as she grew up. She used to dec|aro, with her saucy smile, that they must take the consequences. That Lesley, his idol, must some day, he supposed, marry. and, leave him was Sir John Bell's one serious, trouble in life; and the girl's growing loveliness and coquettish disposition would not allow him to forget it, though ? be -tried hard to believe that the laughing, mischievous maiden was still a child, .who broke men'e hearts by .the merest nccidect.- That he might the ? inoro jealously guard this treasure left him by his fair j'oung wife of one year— whose loss hid well-nigh killed him — Sir John had banished all society from his mag nificent old house, and hud buried him self alive with his little girl through the lon-i years of Lesley's petted childhood. It was in vain that his sister Mrs. Strangways, protested and implored. : Mrs. Siraiivjwiivs was a widow, with one son aiid'jiliinite'l income, by which hor own ninbili 'ii and that ot her Imnd Konitt boy utterly declined to bn nliut;n|r.i|. Archils Striiiij;WHyH find been'' brought. up ill tho under'8tandini;, tlixt lie'j,inViiii'innl(M u gre it iriiiti'li ; mid; fhaljbpiriij . t lit* .ciii»iy. liow^lucky it WAn.; lie HoiiietimeHjthou^ht,; or n ;rellow';tn havBa-nretty ^eouHiii,:1 who1 ? wnii \l|*-*-i;';i'VB.'toi*Rvf'cbnHidSJvib'e-.:'e'Htat(*i aiid iwii'.1 \vlioinvlie;vya8 iijore Ihaii, halfiii loye alieady.-.;vf'r''''o^. '?' . '?'?.?? '?^i^^i'^'^K^r- y- iM th. v^Strai'cyvayn appreciated ' the; Hituation,' und luid ol' lute boon urgent in olferB .ofyJiiippitnlity to 'her chsnniiiu iiieue, wlio inu.^t N'''' be; presented,1 mid wlio could^inpheS'inpan while, the 'lac'y .wrote vtn';Jieiv brothie.rV'£UiidHrg'i, u courHe of'linishiiig lH-8-in8 ih:muHioyaiid'.;8inj»in({, from i I iii' 'first iniiHterH, and Guilder he.r own persi/itdl »u|ierviHioh.:-; ' ... . ?: Lesley. clapped hor iliandt'swiih glen when (die wus mid of this, invitation. Had bIi« not 8|ieiit one bliaxful week in London aitli .her' uunt a' year before, wlipii she bad heard her first operu, bneii to one or two C'liicertH and been taken by Archie to nil moimh of wouderlul placen tull ot I'icturen nnii arl-lreiiHUrea? Lesley clapped her hands, but it deemed to Sir John that, if his little pirl went into Mrs. StrniinwnyV fashionable Irnininir, kIio would bo lorit to him ; and to all bin »ister'd reinonstruncea he only replied, ' Not yet — she id bo young. Leave her to me I -|i' another year., So Lei-ley pouted fur a whole day over thin deciuion, nnd then went back very well Jcontented, to her usual pleusures uud occupations, in tbe country — to ' ?? .Jr 'II tending the poor and nick wiih D illr, l.- plnyinp; with the villages child'en. tn bewitching a bnnless tnnn nr two. or fS^liimr and ridini; nnd driving, and i» beinjt more spoiled than us-un1 Sho was po pretty and so chnnniiv' that it wns hard not to spoil her . A piqunnt, ]nri;e-pyed beantv wus hers, full of colour and pjcpreKRi'on — lull, ton, of lipiilth and uraceful vigour j for Luxley Holl had lived a freer, Ipbr coiivnntional life thnn is uminl witli'girU in lier stuiio'i wiir nut in nil woathern, nnd all'Wed to use her litnb-i nud lun^H without rpsirnint the rPBult- heing a rertnin Imir bnvinh ease and frankness that mado her px tromely. fancinai ing. Most men lost ?their heads' nboiit Leslev Bull; nn-l tiaturnlly,. enonjjh^Blie snntt leirnt her power and Irietl it; on ' such 'innto'riiil' OS came to her hand— ^on Mr. Criiker, a -ich widower, and ono of their Hei»liboijrH who Bince h--r rel'usiil, half friglitened, Imlf inili^nnnt, of his suit had nhut ui- hii great house, solil bin horse* nnd spent his limn pruning about in n yacht— on a Htray rdading tiuiii or livn, who cuino tn the villngp for quietness, and who, hnvint; bpen invited to dine at H^'colt. bad discovered their error too late, and re turned saddm- and wiser men to Onin bridiie — on Alexander Swayne, finally the vill'i^e Docor, who had just takoii 1iis leave »ith a dull |-nin throbbini! umlcr his country. made wiiiit^ont, nnd hit* eni;H tui -;) iriii at. the recollection of his own folly. As to Archie Straiiirwnys, t'int wn- a very old iiff.iir, and dated from the ihiyH when lie used to stick worms on Lesley's Imok ivlmn they w»'nl fishing, and to buy Hiiijnr plums f.ir her nt Buinhiiry out. o' h''« K«anty: pooket-nioney. Archie hnd never forgotten those days, though Lesley perhaps wan not quite ho faithful. She wan certain y troubling herself very little just then about her loveiv. ' Jlow hot it ih ! Hlie wiih tlnnlutii;, as nhe pullnd down u branch of willo'v anil bariel her face in the moist leave*. 1 And how heavy thw meadow- sweet Hineils ! It is just the sort of ni^hl when soin«thin-; oujrht to h.ippen. Ah if iiuything ever did happen ni Hpycott! I 8'iall go in presently nud pour out. two cups of tea for papa, then I shall eini; him to sleep, nnd Dolly aud I, I'einjr ]Bfr to our own devisee, will try not to yawn over our lace-work, and wil remark at intervals that to-m«'rrow will bu Kriday. that the days are geitiiii shorter, that — oh, dear, I only wish sonifthing would happen! But ? What's that Y' lnv.iu sound of hasty footsteps run ning ulin^ the in ss t^roivn river-biink, of impe iiuiiH rthouMoi'rt brusiiiug past thu low-lumping branclicH. Lo-loy .luiiied around swiftly, letting the will 'W boii(-li spring out of her hand. ' Wn« her wish goinj? to be uranted no soomr than uttered, us people's wislios wort* soiucliine-i giantid in n ivels and -playH ? ijlte turned eagerly, hor I'aCB nil liglitod ii|- with especial inn, aud saw one. of I he gardenem coming towards her in all haste He stopped at eijjlii of I ho young 1 idy and touched his hut. 'What is the mttor, Bryce ?' she askod. ' Why are you running so fast ?' '.??'???'??? ????'' .????- ?:- \\--/--y--: 'I'm 'goin»'. up to ihe house, Miss Lesley, ; inr- hel|i,' th.i inau answered, breathlessly.' .' A gentleman1— a stranger — is lyiuu in the boiit-liuuiie, and heloolia inoi'lul bad. 1— — r'; . , . L''8leytuiiied pale. -: : . 'Oil,- s-o— go at. ouce !' she cried. ' Don't si,op;t ? talk !' . . 'J'he mini, was gotiH— up.;tliB'slrtpe and acroHs the hnvu. ? L -h uy hiirried nloii' the ??illovv wn k to tlio boat-house, full of excitement and curiosity. .Soniet.lii ig ba'd.buppeiie:!, after all, on this aullry July evening ! She could scarcely. fuel any .sympathy for Ihe stranger's i'lnmx It seemed ns if he must have fiiiiite.l in this' a propos inniiner becau e s'te liad wis'ied for un adventure .. ; Who could he be? '.''?-. -.p v-. A pile sorene.youi'g lacH it was tha' Lesley found lying vu\\\ clo'-ed lids and drawn inouili pi the bunt-hi-me. floor^— a fai-e wh.'seirauti* Buttering; Kt.ibbud hm careless li' art with a sudde.ii pity, and sent tier down on her u need in an instant' tryiiijr to raise the heavy h-'iid on her unit and speaking broken words of com passion to the uiicMjlscioUtieara. ;...: : %, Tlieyoiina tnttn'sliair and loe(j clvs jiut- beard we're- drenched; 'wit h water hit) throat was bnre^'-Bi'y'eo had evidently done hi'* best to * revive biin befo'e'-'he had i-one l'.»r help ;; . ; ;.'.. -^;, ?..-., 'If.he should iiiel'.LoBloy thought, a (Irenili'iil paiig chilling her veins. , How white lie It !/-''-;'.\V'iio.';,ciirrfJi'e'' be? And ho»v,: did he come here ? [.?''. Oh. , what can J do PS {y!:-±X^MWiV''WU' M'S^-'l 4: : ?;?:? She ntpod lip aiid | brpughtrwater from' theSiiver /iii^a bait c»n,; i wetting :l»er iii'usliii slueve to tin* ol now as she leant do wii anil il ippe?!/ the ; veH»el . |n; , and , goitig back to the 16ii}»-liiiibad postiale figure, nervously dashed the ooo| water into his face. ? A shiver p .seed over it at tlie shock, and, t rumbling,. herself from head , to , foot.' LeBley ' i epeated I he ex jieriment. Before long, with a great shuddering sigh, the dark lids slowly unclosed and H pair of heavy eyes looked up at her blankly »nd closed ngiiir. ' You are better V Lesley whispered engerly, kneeling down once more by the stranger's aide. ' Oh, pray speak to me 1 You are be'ter now Y' Attain the heavy lids unclosed to look straight into Lesley's great tragic blue eyen, anil, with the ghost ol a smile, the young man ans.vered — *. Thanks — yes.' Then steps and voices were heard — Sir John's aud Doctor Sway no's. Lesley sprang to ber feat, and drew back ir in me n.rn--gei'H ai.,e, bitflijng n I it* lo ns nIih saw : that his hand hnd closed uncoiipcioti'dy nu a knot of pnle blue ribbon th.it hail fallen- from her dre-H.' ' Soon all was subdued bustlo and con fusion. Sir J.ihn,'He.ei'i!». that the younn ?nun hud pacspd from 'on1* swoon into nnitlinr, t;:ive orders to Inive him carried up tn the house, des|iat..-iiiiig a mesRenger to prepare flit* housekeeper. And then be nut. Lesley's litlln wnt hand On his own arm, and followed with her and the. Doctor in the wake of the. procession. Lesley was ??till pule, ml 1 she did not Mpniik a word. ?/','-' , Doctor Swayne was e£|)livining— Horn--- whai confusedly — how. he-had happened to ba still in the ground'at I ley cot. . ' I was about to make n short cut to the villniFi*,' he staiiiniereff; -It whs ol CoursH unnece-'rtary to snyV that . it h.id been his habit for mnny a foolish day t ? pro^l about ihe river nfterVluwk:. on th« cbancw of he;\rini»' (TsoKl! or ii'lanyh from Lesley, and t Inn. on' thiv especial evening lie liad co'mo to listen_ for the 'very 1-st time, determined tof-«;o back 'on the morrow to what was -left' 'of his daily Hie. ;. ?.;..?;?.. -% -:-????:??? .?; 'I saw the bout drifting down with the si ream. Sir John,' . tjthe Doctor con tinued, '£ suppose lie had. pulled u.i troin the vil luge, and, finding his strpngtii fail him had made for, the bon.t-li»u«p, and c mtrivsil to lind,- Kn sneins to hnvH litely had 'a severe illness— he is n-.t fit lor nnv exartioii*. . . ' ' Puiir lad T said Sir J6h-r, heartily. ' As soon as I have attended to him,' Doctor S'.vayne, added,*',' I: will y;o on to Gnai'ltoii, ii ud make inquiries about him at the. inn;' '. -,. ., ' . I ' Uo, do, Siyay'rie! I'll order the do-- I cart foryou — youjhaven'tgot your horse? | I shall be auxiouM to hear /our nccount of this poor feil-jw before you start. Uomo, Lesley ' Then Alexander Swnyne looked wiifc fully at Mi«8 B^ll. He. thought that if she would offer him that slender hnnd now he would not refuse it — it would be the lust time he would ever Touch it. But Lesley's eyes were fixed ou the group belore them, as, it ascended the long flight of Hteps to 'the terrace, and was met at the door by the housekeeper and Mrs. Powlett She did not even look at him, And so, with a sij»h, the Doctor followed his patient .into the house. '' [To ' be' continued, | ? ' ?? ?? ???-!? ?'jQ.-'' . ?? ? 