[?] SPORTING NOTES (By Merlin). Owners must not forget that accept ances for Deloraine close at eiyht o'clock this evening. Entries for the Maiden PJa'e close at the same time. The settling over the recent meet of the Brighton Racing Club, passed off satis factorily, the following being the principal Agnew, 1st Brighton Plate, £48 ; Mr. R. Talbot, 1st All-Ag3d Stakes,' £38 ; Mr. J. Lord, 1st Hurdle Race, £27; Mr. Webster, 1st Selling Stake, £15, and 1st Ha^k Race. £7, total £22 ; Mr. J. 0. Greig, 1st' Maiden Plate, £20 ; Mr. Powell, 2nd Brighton Plate, £2, and 2nd All-Aged Stakes, £2, total £4 ; Mr. E. Parker, 2nd Hurdle Race, £2. The total amount paid away was £1GL There appears to be a general exodus of owners of raco horses home. Wo have already montioned tho departure of Messrs. 0 S. Asjnew, E. P. Wilson, and R. G. Talbot. From tho Victoiian papers we now learn that Mr. C. F. Fraser, a gentleman woll known in Tasmania, also proceeds home by the same steamer. Mr Martin Loughlin is also a visitor to the old country, and Mr. Waugh, known in sporting circles as the owner of Earl o' Mar, Lady Lilliard, Empress, and other useful horses, also visits the land of his birth. Besides these, says the Federal, we are losing the Messrs, Skeno Brothers, of Bassett, and the Messrs. Learmouth, these gentlemen having taken up an im mense hacienda in New Mexico, where they purpose breeding from the purest Australian Merino blood, at the same time taking over some horses of the families which have given us Duchess, Inglosides, and other celebrities. The yearlings, the property of Mr. Joseph Clarke, to be placed in the hands of Mr. F. F. Dakin to be trained, are got by Bordeaux, a son of Panic and Gironde, whom it will be remembered was trained during his brief sojourn on the turf bylthe late Mr. S. Waldock. Mr. W. Pearson has suffered a severe loss in the death of the thoroughbred sire Vagabond, who had to be shot a few days as»o at Kilmany Park. It appears that Vagabond was kicked by a mare last season so severely that it was found necessary to relieve him of his Btud duties, and he was placed in a paddock with two other sires, Lamplighter and Professor, who kicked him so badly that he had to be destroyed. Vagabond waa by Kingston from Frolic, by Touchstone, and was the sire of several first-class per formers on the turf, notably Contessa, Dolphin, Politician, Nitnrod, Trumpeter, and Kimany. There is no doubfbut that Tasman, the son of St. Albans, and Zillah is a credit to his native land. Only the week before last I chronicled his success at the i/uneam meeting, ana now tms weeK 1 have to call attention to his doings at the Oaraaru meeting. In the principal event, Oamaru Jockey Olub Handicap, of 100 sovs., he carried 7st 61b, and won by a short length from Legerdemain, 7st. Adamant, Chancellor, and Rocket also ran. The win waa in a great measure owing to the gameness of the son of St. Albans, as at one time it looked a gift for the Legerdemain. The distance was If miles, and the time was very good, namely, 3min lOisec. It may not be generally known that Wayfarer, Glencoe, and Pride of tho Hills are out of 7rVn\ and are all by Castle Hill, while uuiollo is by St. Albane, out of the same mare, and consequently own brother to Tasman. Surprises this year seem to be as plen tiful in New, Zealand as in Australia. The latest case is tho Napior Handicap of 500 sovs, , one mile and three-quarters, which was won by Mr. A. M'Lean's Louie, 3 yrs, 6st 81b, and by Anteros; out of a Tracluccr mare, Anteros by Loiterer, son of Stockwell, out of Saun terer's dam. Her success covered tipsters with confusion and backers with dismay, for no one seems to have dreamed of her winning ; especially after her having run in and won the Maiden Plato an hour or so before the big race. The totalisator showed £575, and only four or five shares on the winner. One bookmaker, just be fore the race, offered £100 to an orange against Louie, but no one took it up. One bet of £100 to £1 was, however, booked. Luna, 7st 51b, was second, and Mischief, 8st 31b, was third. Louie- won by two lengths in very fast time— 3 min. 9 sec. Lady Emma started in the same race, carrying 8st 71b, but failed to get a place. She was also beaten in the Raili way Handicap by Mischief, and was un able, to secure a place in the Tradesmen's Handicap, won by Luna. Thus instead of achieving a treble, victory as at : Dune din, she was thrice defeated, at Napier, They add some big|money 'o their races in New; , Zealand, and to the Wagariui pup, 600 sovs. was added. This race wasyron by, Mr.: J. D. .Powdrell's Hail Btorm,',aged,,7sc 81b, who won comfort ably by two lengths from Virginia: Water, 8st.-4lb,and_several others including Sir Modred. Hailstorm's ? price at ? starting being 100 to 8,' and the totalisator paid a' dividend; of ,£14.! Sir Modred was a warm favourite,1 but refused to' try when Goodman ; called,- on -.him, 'Virginia Water ran a very game race, but ' suffered a defeat by two lengths. Sir Modred won the Town Plate, of75'!spvs, on the first day of tho meeting, .welter .weight ,f or aae, but was defeatod by.-alength by-Mr. Walter's Hippocampus,, 'filly, in the Railway Plate, weight vf or. age, for which., he started a warm ? favourite. The same filly also defeated .Somnus on the first day in the Hying Handicap, one mile and a distance at a difference of ? 51b. ,., . ' , .,.,,. .^ ? ., . ?.,;,..,,' '. ' ' Most race-goers will recollect ' the grey steeplechase Mousetrap,' who', speiit'. a i season in Tasmania and ran at several steeplechase's. I learn from a' New Zealand exchange that his owner, Mr.'.' L. Markey, has again put; Mousetrap into work,' and the gallant little grey will probably , make his re-appearance at ?the Timaru '.. meeting about the end of April. . '' ;. ' '';. ; . Another .well known steeplechaser, Lone Hand, I notice won the Corinthian 'Cup 'at the- :Hawkes Bay '(Napier) Meeting, but was defeated in the Hurdle Race. .-.'.' ,. The following are the quotations for the A. J.C. St. Leger :— 2 to 1 agstWheat ear (off), 3 to 1 agst Monmouth (off), 3 to l'agst Spinriingdale (tk), 3 to lagsfc Royal Maid, 4 to 1 agatSomeraet. The superior' form, shown ;by Sweet William, says the Sydney, turf writer 'Nemo,' at the late V.B.;O. Autumn Meeting, has caused him to be in such favour for the Sydney- Cup that 5 to 1 is wanted, ' and 4 to 1 is the best offer to money,; while 100 to 10 is freely forth coming on the field bar one. Mr. J. Wil son's string, Somerset, Royal Mail, Pro :gress, Mistakenj and Transferred, have arrived in good condition froni Victoria, and have taken up their quarters at Don nelly's Halfway House, Randwick. Navi gator, Solitude, Sweet William, Sylvanus, arid; the others of Mr. De Mestre's team have arrived at the Hawkesbury, where about fifty horses are in work for the en suing Hawkesbury and Randwick meet ings. . Lahiond has his horses in first-class order.' : Spinningdale is as fresh as a bee ; but, though looking well, Wheatear may ? ,be just ,a little bit on the light side. Sir Oliver and Lord Ch'fden are. ;in, good form for the time. '- Monmouth has evidently been benefited by his holiday, and if Fen nelly, does not rattle him. along too . much lie may, regain his lost -laurels ! in , the' St. Leger. , !. Jessie lias grown into a fine filly, and Lord'Burghley, looks stout and well, and. sp; 'does Oreswick. '' : | , , Speaking;, of .-Sir William'sohance.for the Hawkeabury Handicap, ,' the same authority^ says i-^-T.he, principal, event of the meeting, ,' the; Autumn Handicap, promises, to attract a ..very numerous field, and, save, that, on the running at the-late. V.R. G. Autumn Meeting; .Sweet William would appear, to; have everything at his mercy, the race still ? has - the appearance of;.' being very open. ..Of ?course:On; all public, form ?; it wouid be impossible to arjjue anything into the arace while Sweet William remains on the list. ?-. His. Brunswick. Handicap win , and his third, to Pollio /arid; , Wellington for ^the fastest Australian Cup ever run ?stamp him, as .a ; diamond of the first water ; , and, all other things being equal, one does not rqquire , to. -look further for ? the winner .on: figures. But in. attempting to. select winners there ,,are other things besides weights to: be \ taken, into con sideration, ; and amongst them ;are health, soundness, condition, and the state of the going. .? Health and' condition are both on Sweet William's .side, ' . but he was so shinsore in Victoria ;that:there must be a ?doubt' about , his temporary, soundness while tho ground remains in its present lard state. . ? .-. . . . ... The race meeting at Caulfield on Satur day last was, we learn from a Melbourne ?contemporary, a very ? enjoyable one, though ??? the attendance was not so numerous ' as- the sport deserved. The Selling race1 of 100 sovs, four furlongs, brought out' eleven -horses but the race was m. reality a match between Harp ? of Erin arid Viking, the- 'former winning ?easily. The Ghost, who was made a very warm favourite,' finished1 a' moderate'third. The winner entered to be sold for nil, was bought by Mr. J. Wilson for £130. Five'horses started;:for the- Hurdle Race ?of: 50 sbvs.-'-2 miles; Monitor being the most fancied, though Glenorvan had a /good many friends. Young Alfred fell and broke his neck. Kilduff got a severe shaking, but fortunately sustained no serious injury. _ /The struggle; 'home for the last half-mile between Glenorvan and Monitor lOstolb/ was a very fine one,. Glenorvan,- lOst 31b gaining the victory by a he'adi -A very taking colt named Vanguard, who ran- under Mr. Goyder's colours, gives promise of. making a good hurdle-racer when- he 'has become ' . ?? ?,- thoroughly ? practiced . at' ' the ' work. The';' Separation'i'Stakes: of 100::s6W. for, ''two ?'iyear.- bids, -four- furlongs ? attracted j /a; '? field ; of 'seven to the post'. , Sydiricate By Bethnal'Green,1 out of S'ur ,Warrbw|s 'dam,'; was'made1 thefayourite; arid won by about half a 'length5 from: Scipio. ;.The winner. was bought , 'by Mr. J.. 'Wilson for £145. . As. both Harp ' of- Erin and Syndicate;. were 'entered to be sold tor nil the club' receives 'the, whole of the . purchase money in !both- instances] The sum of £275 will in a great ..mensure make 'up the falling off in the attendance. Fourteen horses came to: the post, for the. South Yarra Handicap, of £100, one mile, Crystal, 8st 4lb, Bar. One, ;7st' 31bj and Sir Joseph .were the most fancied. Junius cut out the work from the start, but was passed by Hyacinth. 9st ,;41b, as they rounded the turn into the /straight, where Bar One was pressing him - closely. Bar One then took; the lead, and held his place till after passing the! distance, whchJSir Joseph came up with a fine rush, and beat him by about half, a- length. The mile was done in . lmin 47sec. ! The winner carried 8st lib, and is by Bethnal Green, and is owned by '] Mr. Donald Wallace. The Steplechase of 50 sovs. only ' attracted four to the post. Sir Ewan, 9stl21b, balked at the . first fence, ran off the course, and otherwise misbe haved himself. Squire, lOsit 3lb, fell at the fence next to the sod. 'wall, and the race was 'then left to Actress 9st 101b, and Twilight 12st 21b. In the straight Aotress came away and won by a little over a length. The winner is a, daughter of Tom King. A large field of eighteen started for the Richmond Handicap of 50 sovs., five furlongs, arid notwithstand ingdisappointing performances in'the Sell- ing Race, the Ghost was again made first favourite. The result was another dis appointment to the backers of.. The Ghost. John Peel, by Oliver Twist, 6st 111b, who' was scarcely backed, except by the stable, dashed off in the lead and held his place all the way. The' Ghost, 8st 71b, made a much more determined effort than he did in the first race, but was beaten by over a length. . ,' ' A Sydney paper of the 20th, says :— Navigator, Sylvanus, .Solitude, Sweet William, Gudarz, Courtenay, arid Guinea, have arrived from Melbourne, and are now exercising .on the Hawkesbury course for the coming Hawkesbury races. , The Barber is looking and going, well. About forty horses are now, „ working on !. the course and Clarendon. ,,,, .... ,(- The same': ,' journal says :— The' St : Albari's string,; comprising Somerset,' Royal Maid,, Progrefuj, .Mistaken^ arid Transfer. ed,haye,arriv'ed from Melbourne, and the lot look none the worse for, their exertions ',at the late ,T.RlG.. Autuniri; Meeting!! ?!,''.,'..' '[??] '. '' '?'. 