Tlie REALMS of KNOWLEDGE and Hit REALMS of FAITH. Tho following in tho second portion of the le delivered on Monduy evening lust, ut tho Masonio Hal Dr. A. Kenwick, Minister fur Mines : I may here say a word in connection with the much vexed question as to tho antiquity of man and the preadamite age and I may refer to this question as an illustration of a most unfortunate spirit which often attaches itself to the conduct of scientific inquiries. Nothing can be more desirable than that all tho facts connected with this very interesting sub ject should be evolved, and its solution must have a profound influence not only on science and its teachings, but also on final philosophy. Under such circumstances it is painful to observe what ready credence has been given to explora tions in connection with this subject us well as the self evident desire to obtain by all possible means results which may support a particular doctrine. As far as the subject itself is concerned, it is sufficient for our present purposes to say that when geologists can settle among themselves the disputed points us to the duration of the Glacial epoch, the age of the deposits containing flint implements, the authenticity of fossil human remains, and many similar questions, that of the age of man may be reconsidered, and the mammal dates provisionally attached to the Mosaic record extended if necessary. At present the sole geological fact which is undisputed is tho comparative recent appearance of man on tho earth. The alleged extreme antiquity has no stronger argument than the hypothetical time estimated as necessary for the develop ment of tho human species from some anthropoid ape according to the hypothesis of evolution. In the domain of physiology, the most recent utterances of science are to be found in that rich natural history of the human mind to be found in Alexander Bain's system of Psychobiology." The author clearly belongs to the experiential school, and roots his psychology in physiology, viewing mind as presenting itself in nerve currents, tho recoverability of nerve currents, and the associations of nerve currents on and on, in ever increasing complexity and in ever varying combinations. Beginning with brain and nerve as the seats of tho nerve currents, and educing thence those simplest and most rudi mentary states of mind which consist of instinctive muscular movements and sensations of the five senses, he proceeds to show how out of these by tho processes of recoverability and association all the habits and the facul ties of man, all his cognitions and beliefs, all the varieties of aptitude, intelligence, character, and genius may be con ceivably built. Interesting as these researches are, and certain as they must be ultimately to increase our knowledge of that part of our system generally recognized as the seat of mind, we need for a perfect system of philosophy some thing more than a mere physiology or even a physiology combined with psychology, as has been suggested by Herbert Spencer and others. Without entering any further into tho special domains of science, we may now examine somewhat more closely this doctrine of evolu- tion. Darwin says there is a grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been ori ginally breathed by tho Creator into a few forms or into only one, and that while this planet has gone cycl iug on according to the fixed law of gravity from so simple a beginning, endless forms, most beautiful and most wonder ful, have been and are being evolved. Most beautiful indeed, but is the explanation true ? It must be remem bered that, according to this view, tho necessity for a Creator is definitely allowed, and if the doctrine of evolution, as stated by Darwin, were proved, it would not be atheistic in any sense. Yet, in spite of all the researches into the physical world, no one has yet been able to demonstrate its truth. The effect of climate, tho influence of habit, and a thousand similar influences are recognized by tho followers of every school. The terms " law of growth," " law of development," "law of inheritance," " law of varia tions," "law of corrollation," "direct action of the en vironmont," " law of habit and instinct," and other like terms are used to express the action of causes of which we are almost as wholly ignorant as we are of the nature of life itself. Mr. Darwin allowed that there are these unknown causes at work, and that natural selection tion is one of the most important, but that it is not the exclusive means of modification. It is well known that we see tho most diverse forms, a mollusc, a frog, and a mammal, arising from apparently identical primitive cells, and progressing for a time by very similar initial changes, but thereafter each pursuing its highly complex and other circuitous course of development with unerring certainty, by means of law and forces of which we are totally ignorant. This progress is regular and through and never changes so that in the course of development a change in the nature of the animal occurs. And, through all Mr. Darwin's views, it is supposed that, while a Supreme Power initiated tho creation of a few initial forms, it is denied that there is a similar necessity for tho Creator to direct all their marvellous processes. Many of those who support tho doctrine of evolution, however, do not allow of tho necessity for a Supreme Creator, and, un doubtedly, tho doctrine in its complete form involves the assumption of " spontaneous generation." We all know how it has been endeavoured to apply electricity to this purpose, and we have all heard the statement that life itself might be produced, given electricity and a plastic tissue. But life has never yet, by any natural agency, been so created, and, we may safely pre dict, it never will. And as to tho spontaneous generation of life in the germ world, as I shall presently show,"the carefully conducted experiments and tho clear logical argument of Professor Tyndall have completely set this supposition at rest for ever. It is therefore true that notwithstanding the marvellous advances and utilitarian applications of science, the character of tho systematic con- ceptions of tho results is still far from complete, and the discovery to perfection of the secrets of nature has yet to be sought out. The teachings of science must be made more perfect before its limits and full meaning can be truly realized. But this has not prevented the formation of sys- tems of psychology founded on these researches, and as we have already seen, in the main, psychology is nothing more or less than physiology. As regards cosmology, en- deavours have been made to resolve it into the influence man on man, and, of course, the credences of ontology are either simply denied or are passed by as inconceivable, and therefore useless. " Unless I see with mine eyes, I will not believe," expresses a certain mental tendency that has always had existence. But till science, with its positive method, began to dawn on tho world, tho tendency was vague and wavering. Positive science supplied it with solid nutriment; its body grew denser, its shape more definite, till at last it has spread its affirmations and denials through the world. Although it is only in more recent psychological works, like Mr. Lewis's or Herbert Spencer's, or even in less systematic essays and general literature, that tho social influence of man on man has received marked consideration, tho principle is unques- tionably forcing its way to recognition, not only as a most important condition in the actual process of mental dev lopment, but also, as we shall find, as a foundation of system of morals. There are several forms of philosi phic thought which have been engendered by the facts of advanced science, but I need only refer to the two most prominent of these. The first is what may be termed the atheistic view—which denies the necessity for and the existence of a supreme directing and controlling Creator. As I have already shown, the world once thought that there were two orders of things—the one material, and the other immaterial—of which the most familiar examples are the body and the mind. The highest generalizations of modern science, according to this view, are denials of the dualism and all its countless details. Things are due, this view of science tells us, not to a formless matter and a forming mind, but to a formless matter that has taken form itself. This view consecrates nature as its object of adoration. Hitherto atheism, by whatever name it has passed current among men, has been destitute of any particular creed ; it has been content to live as a negative, and to exist by denying those sublime objects which stand revealed to the vision of faith; but now, especially in France, a considerable advance has been made in this stage of unbelief, and atheism has become constructive as well as destructive. It not only seeks to destroy men's faith in such things as the being of God, tho existence of the soul, and the reality of unseen things, but endeavours to build up a concrete system of its own, a temple without a God, a body without a soul, and universe without a Creator. By means of its catechisms which travel systematically over the whole realm of science, it makes a strong appeal to those who, knowing something of its facts, are led to believe also in its assertions. In Germany, of late years, warm discussion has taken place as to whether tho doctrine of evolution should not be taught in tho schools of the country, and the subject was referred to in tho mother country at a recent meeting of the Social Science Congress. Virchow, however, one of the most pro found physiologists of this age, would not concede to Dr Haeckel that it is a question for tho schoolmaster to decide whether tho Darwinian theory of man's descent should be at once laid down as the basis of instruction, and tho proto- plastic soul be assumed us tho foundation of all ideas con cerning spiritual being. Another form of philosophy originating in tho result of modern science is what is termed after its founder Comtism or Positivism. This method of thought bases life and conduct, as well as knowledge, solely upon such evidence as can be referred to logical canons of proof, and would place all that occupies man in a homo- geneous system of law. This method, its supporters further assert, rejects all hypothesis not to be tested by any known logical canons familiar to science, whether the hypothesis claim support from intuition, aspiration, or general plausi- bility. Further, it turns aside from ideal standards which profess to transcend the field of law. It asserts the organic unity of man in his whole nature—in all its complexity, in all the separate functions of body, mind, or feeling, and professes to have established a distinct correspondence between every process of thought or of feeling, and some corporeal phenomenon. It goes beyond tho doctrine that brain and nerve are mind, and holds itself to be based on biology, defined as the science which includes man and all his works. Protesting against materialism, as tho source of untold danger to civilization, it founds its theory of society, its theory of morals and even what it calls its religion, on a curriculum of physical and more especially of biological science. It even adopts, of course in its own sense, the language of the Christian faith. It professes to be fully alive to the spiritual emotions in all their depth, beauty and purity. According to its teaching, at death, life in tho technical sense of tho word is at an end ; but the activities of which that life is tho source were never so potent. Our age is familiar enough with tho persistance of energy, and no one supposes that with the dissolution of tho body tho forces of its material elements are lost ; they only pass into new combinations and elements to work else- where. Far less, says this view, is the energy of tho moral and intellectual activities lost; it passes into some other similar organism and becomes part of the sum of his mental and moral being. The man Newton dies, but his activities have been transferred to the world, and continue to react and influence others. As we live for others in life, as we live in others after death. The chief purport of this doctrine is to show that there is no soul, nor any future life in the ordi- nary acceptation of the term. With death tho personal activity is put into commission among posterity, and the future life is an immortality by deputy. These and similar views, the outcome of the recent driftings of science, must necessarily create a great disturbance in regard to the posi- tion of thought since the days when tho views of Sir William Hamilton on the one hand, and John Stuart Mill on other, held sway. If a system of philosophy were based on the results of science in their present stage, as declared somewhat in the form I have endeavoured to describe, it would appear that opinion, as far as they can affect it, is now tending towards those extreme systems to which I re ferred in the early part of this lecture, and which used to be regarded as the outflanks of the the then received systems of philosophy—to nihilism, black nihilism, on the one hand, and to idealism and abso- lute identity of subject and object on tho other. What, then, is the position a thoughtful person should occupy in regard to the utterances of modern science ? How do they affect our conceptions of life, present and future. While we gladly concede tho untold advantages science conferred on our present life, and while we welcome every advance and every discovery, it becomes us to remember that science can never reveal to us those higher virtues which appeal to us as moral beings possessed of that con- sciousness to which I have already referred, and clothed with longings which reach beyond our present ken. It is universally allowed that the fact of consciousness cannot be accounted fur by science. Science asserts that we do possess even the rudiment of an organ by which it is con- ceived that we can do so. So says Professor Tyndall, and so has asserted every man of science who has had the least tincture of education and philosophy, Even as regards conscience, hitherto held to be the voice of God within as the only theory which supports and accounts for the facts connected with its influence and work, the views represented as founded on the teachings of modern science present even it as only the inherited social instinct developed in many slowly and gradually, through his needs for united action,—an explanation which must strike us as partial and unsatisfactory in the highest degree. When we enter tho moral world, we leave entirely the physical world, or our concern with it at any rate, become quite subordinate and secondary. We then move among laws and forces which have no necessary connection with physical facts, and are essentially independent of the laws of the solar system or any other natural law. This is acknowledged by Huxley, who says that "the question that morality in in any way dependent on certain philo- sophical problems produces the same effect on my mind if one should say that a man's vision is dependent on his theory of sight, or that he has no business to be sure that ginger is hot in the mouth, unless he has formed definite views as to the nature of ginger, and, secondly, as to whether he has or has not a sensitive soul." We believe, however, that such illustrations us these, however taking they may seem to be, show how fallacious and confused are the views of scientists of this school. Man's natural tastes and the certitude regarding them —such us that ginger is hot in tho mouth—are only the raw material of morality. The spirit of tho moral life consists in shaping and chastening these tastes and desires. The comparison of verifiable laws and facts with which alone we have freedom of choice, with the essentially unverifiable laws by which that choice is to be directed, exists in this and all similar statements. We may compare human life to a yew tree: science can explain how it grows from the ground, and how all its twigs must have fitting room to expand ; but it will not show how to clip the yew tree into a peacock. Tho epigrammatic expression we have so often heard, and which summarises the views of many scientists, " No phosphorus, no thought," contains more of smartness than wisdom. It is true that the brain is in some measure the organ of thought, and phosphorus may be one of the most important elements in the substance of the brain ; the thought is conceivable independently of this particular machinery, just as motion is conceivable apart from horses, steam, or other causes to which it is commonly due. Is there not a kind of absurdity in regarding thought as the result of phosphorus, as real as if we should say—what on tho same principle of reasoning we might say—that truth- fulness, kindness, and the like are all functions of phos- phorus ? We may even go further, and assert that there could be no thought without carbon or any other element of which the body is composed. Tho conception of personality is the highest conception that can be termed of my own being, or of any kind of being. All history is an illustration in pantomime, unless tho attribute of personality is conceded to the actors. Socrates, Alexander, Julius Cæsar must be studied without reference to phosphorus, and upon prin- ciples lying altogether outside the territory of physical science. A word or two now as to the facts of science them- selves, and the conception which we are instructed they teach. When we are told that there is no difference in kind between organic and inorganic nature, that tho sun is the source of life, and that if the solar light and heat can be produced by impact of dead matter, and if from the light and heat thus produced we can derive the energies which we have been accustomed to call vital, it indubitably follows that vital energy may have an approximately mechanical origin, and that nature is constant and uniform in her opera- tions, and that life in all its forms has arisen by an unbroken evolution, and through the instrumentality of what are called natural causes, we can quote the fact I have already stated, that life has never yet been thus produced in any single solitary instance, and that Professor Tyndall, is the clearest manner, by a series of indisputable experiments, made specially for the purpose of testing this question, has demonstrated that life does not appear without the operation of antecedent life. These experiments were made on the plan of those of Abbe Spallanzani in 1771, and refer to that interesting class of researches into tho nature of germs, so fruitful lately in beneficial results as regards antiseptic surgery, inoculation for the prevention of diseases in the lower animals and in man, in the hands of the celebrated Pasteur, and more recently of Boch—and they completely confute tho views of those who, like Dr. Bastian and others, maintained the occurrence of spontaneous genera- lion. When we are told that the characters of species are plastic, that species are not fixed, but always becoming something else, and that all living beings have been derived from one or a few original forms of tho simplest kind, we must willingly confess tho influence of habit, climate, and other causes on animal life; but we assert that neither by observations nor by experiment has the phenomenon of the transition of one species to another been witnessed, and that, therefore, the indisputable conclusion of experience is that the physiological characters of species remain constant. And when we are told that man is but tho latest term in an unbroken evolution from the nebular haze till now—an evolution effected without the intervention of any but what are termed secondary causes—the descendant of a catarrhine ape, we reply, that while man approaches the higher animals in many details of his organisation, his essential nature is entirely apart from them ; that he possesses faculties and endowments of which no germ or trace is found even in the highest brutes, which differ not in degree but in kind from theirs ; that between them and him there is a vast chasm, a practically infinite divergence, a gulf bridged over by no known living or extinct forms, the boundaries of which cannot be approximated, even in thought. Further, as I have already hinted, the hypothesis of recent scientists, verifying the ancient proverb that there is nothing new under the sun, have all been already offered to an expectant world under somewhat different guises, but exactly the same in principle. As an able writer says :—When the learned and modest Dr. Büchner announced as one of the grandest of modern discoveries, as yet known only to himself and a very few elect, that matter could neither be created nor destroyed, he forgot that this position had been the com- mon and undisputed property of the world ever since the days of Parmenides of Elea. When Professor Clifford said that tho universe consists of atoms and ether, and that there is no room for ghosts, he only modernises tho saying of Democritus, that "nothing exists but atoms and empty space, all else is only opinion." When Professor Tyndall sees in matter " the promise and potency of all terrestrial life," he only sees what all the early atomists before Anaxagoras saw, or thought they saw. When Professor Huxley makes the noteworthy discovery that the eye was not made " for the purpose of enabling the animal possess- ing it to see," he was at least supported by the ancient authority of Epicurus, who held that tho eye was not made for seeing, nor the ear for hearing, but that, having been developed by chance, tho soul could not help using them for these purposes. Finally, when Mr. Darwin propounded the doctrine of Natural Selection, he did little more than repro- duce, with striking similarity of phrase, the idea enunciated by Empedocles above two thousand years ago. As the same writer says:—" Not because it is unutterably disgust- ing and humiliating, but because the idea is profoundly and irredeemably unscientific, founded on false data, false con- ceptions, and false reasoning, do I altogether repudiate our wormy and apelike ancestry? Upon man everywhere, debased, degraded, fallen from his high estate though he may be, I see the seal and impress of his special and divine origin. His commission is to have dominion over, not to claim kindred with, the beasts of tho earth. His privilege is to do earnestly, faithfully, and intelligently, not as an irres- ponsible machine, but as a free agent, able to stand yet free to fall—tho work given him by his Creator. His one supreme hope is that when this little span of material existence is past, he may enter through tho por- tals of eternity into a higher and an endless life." Tho discrimination of faith or belief from knowledge, as we have already seen, is one surrounded with no ordinary difficulty, and the opinions held concerning their respective domains have been as varied and opposed as well as can be conceived. We have already observed that some of the lending explorers of science totally ignore as beyond the power of conception the existence of aught else but tho phenomena revealed to the senses, while others generalise their ontology into a constantly increasing socialistic happiness and elevation of the human race. But tho vast majority of thinkers throughout all tho ages have regarded science as atheous but not atheistic. The problem of philosophy, according to Plato, is for all that exists conditionally to find a ground unconditional and absolute. In fact, intellectual science, fastening the attention as it does upon immortal, necessary, uncreated ideas, shadows forth a belief in the infinite. Thinkers of the school of Kant and Schelling have held— the one that the notion of the Infinite (unconditioned) is in its character a regulative principle of the mind itself more than a mere negation of the Finite or human (conditioned) : and tho other that we have an intel- lectual intuition of tho absolute, while Cousin adds to these two elements of consciousness, a third, the idea of tho relation of both —of the finite, or human element, to tho infinite. On tho other hand, Sir William Hamilton held that we can never in our highest generalisations rise above the finite ; that our knowledge, whether of matter or mind, can be nothing more than a knowledge of the relative mani- festations of our existence, which, in itself, it is our highest wisdom to recognise as beyond the reach of philosophy. This is what, in tho language of St. Austin, is expressed " ignorant in what we do know, we can know only through our ignorance." It is this open acknowledgment of our ignorance of the highest things which makes this system of philosophy distasteful to many minds ; it is the absence of any similar acknowledgment which forms the attraction and seductiveness of Pantheism in one way, and of Positivism in the other. The Pantheist is not troubled with the difficulty of reconciling the philosophy of the absolute with belief in a personal God, for belief in a personal God is no part of his creed. The positivist, on the other hand, escaped the diffi- culty by an opposite course. He declines all inquiry into reality, and maintains that the only office of philosophy is to observe and register the invariable relations of succession and similitude in phenomena. But tho view supported by Hamilton and others teaches us the salutary lesson, that the capacity of thought is not to be constituted into the measure of our existence, and warns us that we are not to recognise the domain of our knowledge as necessarily co-extensive with the horizon of our faith. And by a wonderful revelation we are thus in tho very consciousness of our inability to conceive aught above the relative and the finite, inspired with a belief in the existence of something unconditioned, beyond the sphere of all comprehensible reality. Or, as Hamilton has shortly expressed the matter in a letter replying to my friend Professor Calderwood's critique on his article on this subject :—" The sphere of our belief is much more extensive than the sphere of our knowledge, and therefore when I deny that the Infinite by us can be known, I am far from denying that by us, it is, it must, and it ought to be, believed.'' Herbert Spencer dissents from this extreme form which allows in our knowledge of the absolute nothing else than a negation or paralysis of all conception. He contends for the necessarily positive character, however vague, of our conciousness of the Infinite. In our notion of tho unlimited, he argues, our consciousness of limits is abolished, but not the consciousness of some kind of being stretching out and away into an illimitable. Leaving now these speculative views, we all feel that the world of nature, great and marvellous though it be, the revelations of science, however Utilitarian and beneficial, and the manifold varieties of intellectual conception, do not supply the whole necessity of our being. We feel chiefly tho necessity of faith concerning the existence of tho Being who is the ground and basis of all the natural and moral phenomena of tho universe. Whether we de- scend to the roots of our own intellectual growth, or ascend to the loftiest heights of modern speculation, everywhere we find faith in tho Infinite as a power that conquers, and conquers even those who think they have conquered it. St Austin accurately says: " We know what rests upon reason, but we believe what rests on authority." But reason itself must at last rest upon authority ; for the original data of reason do not rest on reason, but are neces- sarily accepted by reason on the authority of what is beyond itself. These data are, therefore, in rigid propriety, beliefs or trusts. Thus it is that in the last resort we must, per- force, admit that belief is tho primary condition of reason, and not reason of belief. We are compelled to surrender the proud, "know that you may believe " of Abelard ; to con- tent ourselves with the " believe that you may know " of Anselm. But tho whole meaning of what I intend to convey is contained in the words of St. Paul—"Now, faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtained a good report. Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the Word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear." It is by virtue of this faith that I find a clear explanation of the doubtful intimation of the natural world as to the existence of the infinite and of a future life, and a com- plete satisfaction of those yearnings and aspirations of my spiritual nature, and am prepared, by tho very constitution of my being, to believe in the immortality of the soul. But it is in the Revelation, which I accept as divinely given, that I find the ground on which faith securely rests. The won- druus story of infinite love and pity embodied in tho " Word made flesh, dwelling among men for a season, in order that they might behold His glory, the glory of the only Begotten of the l'allier, full ol' grace and truth," embraces a truth incapable of comprehension in its fullest sense by mortal mind, but yet satisfies every longing of the anxious soul, and brings amid tho unrest of intellectual inquiry and the dimly comprehended conceptions of science, a peace which the world can neither give nor take away. The teachings of that Life are an embodiment of all that is high, ennobling, and purifying Faith in that Life consecrates every effort made to overcome the vain spirit of Hellishness so characteristic of our humanity, and its conception by true life is adoration, that is wonder, veneration, and gratitude to anotber. It pro- mises a glorious future for our race, and stimulates every effort made to ameliorate tho woes and ills of this life, pointing ever to Him who went about doing good, and it recognises and consecrates to the full the individual and collective influences in all their activities. It tells us that this life is but the threshold of existence—that man is the meeting place of two worlds—that tho creature who is the head and crown of tho natural world, although fallen and degraded, can be born a child into tho spiritual and eternal sphere, and that, the issue of his life's toils, tears, and mar- tyrdoms lies beyond the gate of death. It furnishes man with inspiration to bear all things, to hope all things, and to endure unto the end. As au eloquent writer has said; "Belief in tho risen and reigning Christ was at the heart of that wonderful uprising and outburst of human energy which marked tho age of the Advent. Tho contrast is most striking between the sad and even despairing tone which breathes through the noblest heathen literature and the sense of victorious power, of buoyant exulting hope which breathes through tho Word and shines from the life of tho infant Christian Church. ' As dying, and behold, we live; as sorrowful, yet always rejoicing ; as poor, yet making many rich ; as having nothing and yet possessing nfl things.' The Gospel which brought lifo und immortality to light won ita way just as the duwn wins its way w'heu jocund day stand» tiptoe on tho misty mountain lops and Hushes his rays over a sleeping world. Everywhere the radiance penetrates ; it shines into every nook and shade, nnd all living creatures stir, awake, and come forth to busk in its beams. Just thus the flood o:f kindling light streamed forth from the Resurrection, and then spread like thu dawn in the morning sky ; it touched all form» of things in a dark »nd world with its splendour, und culled mun forth from tho tomb in which his higher lifo seemed buried to n new career of fruitful sunlit activity, even us the Snviour prophesied, 'Tho hour is coming, and now is, when thu dead shall hear the voico of the Son of God and they that hear shall livo?' " While mun sin» uud buffers, while thurn is blood-tinged sweut upou bis brow, while there is weeping in his homo und anguish in his heart, that voice car never limo its music, which brings forth the comfort and the inspiration of tho Gospel, which tells tho sin tormentec spirit, the lulu of infinité pity and bids it bring its sobbing wretchedness to rest on tho bosom of infinite love. lhere it no life m »ll the world so perfect, und lhere is no other know- ledge and wisdom so perfect as that which this life furnishes. To it alonc throughout the ages can we go for tho words of eternal life. From the first, although despised and rejected by tho philosophy of tho world, it has had a power and an influence over humanity, and even over philosophy that no other life and no other teaching has ever had. Its in- fluence has penetrated into every form of our thought, our literature, our associations, domestic, moral, political, and into every phase and hope of our life. And whatsoever things are pure, are honest, are of good report in our varied experience of life, are due to it. It has leavened and influenced for good tho lives even of those who resist its august and divine doctrines. In it, and in it alone, is to be found the salvation of our race. Happy, thrice happy, is that man who reposes perfect faith in that life. Founded on it, he receives with glad and intelligent appre- ciation all the marvels revealed by tho world of nature which tho Infinite bas framed by tho word of His power. It creates within him a divine enthusiasm for tho welfare of his race. It shows him the weakness and the folly of his own natural aspirations, and leads him to become more and more absorbed in its own inspiration. Possessed of that faith, the waves of unbelief and the blasts of human sophisms, the warfare of creeds and the antagonism of earthly teachings, may reach his soul, but they move him not, for his faith is founded on an immovable and eternal rock, and that rock is Christ. The arguments of the lecturer wero received with great attention, and the applause of the audience wus hourly and frequent. A vote of tbunks to the lecturer wus unanimously accorded, on tho motion of the Hon. AV. J. FOSTEU, seconded by the Kev. A. GAUIUNKH. According to tho Gazetia di Napoli, tho deathB from delirium tremens and chronio alcoholism are-in Italy, 1 -65 per thousand ; ta England, 2'0* ; Norway, 2-36 ; Scotland, 3'29; Belgium and Switzerland, each 3-83;. Sweden. 6-Sñ : «nd New York. 12'0& 