HIOME'AND COLONIAL GOC8SIP. (From our Special Correspondent.) ) LoSnuON, Oct. 6. ANOLO.TASOt.NIAN AFFAIRS. The Hobart anthorities are apparently not yet alive to the need of improving the facilities for. the ropresontation of Tas manian interests in London. Not ai whit more information about thoe colony is ob tailiablo at the Emigration Oflice in Queen Anne's Gate now than six months ago. The enquirer is still told by the distressed agent that he has no recent news; he still has to g e away with in formation dated soveoral years back, arid with the general remarks which the agent is after an evidently carefol and laborious study able to makeo. People still scud letters by the score to the Emigration Office, and still obtain most scanty and ansatisfactory details. Even in the simple matter of newspapers no change has been made ; you ask in vain alike for a file of the Ecraminse or of the lMercury. Evory thing goes to prove that the immigration authorities in your colony are either utterly indifferent to the charge comn mitted to tlheir cara, or also are hopo lossly incapable of carryijng, it. nut I.t, is it pity you do not roliseo this very plain fact. Public ofliecer must be judged by the roselts of their actions, and taking that standard tihe Board of Immigration I at Hobart is daily proving itself to be an utterly effete and uselees institution capable possibly of good resolves, but most clearly unable to put them into execution. Why do youn not sweep away that farcical Board? Why not place the control of immigration to Tasmania under the direct care of some Minister of the Crown who can be called to account if he neglects lis duty 1 Your Board authori ties sit with legs under mahogany and chat over inmmigration, and then disperse. How do I know this ? One visit to the agent's office hero will explain that. If the r Board had a ghost of the spirit of energy in their oflices, would the London agent r be left utterly laclking the iformation which is abundantly supplied to all the other .colonial representatives? Would he have to try to make good the deficiency by patching togeother i work of his own, consisting of letters 'written by emigrants I after arrival in Tasnmania, and of scraps of information gleaned haphazard ? Those who permit this so-called-and falsely' so-called-Board of Immigration for Tesmania to injure the colony in the way they ar, now doing, and to handicap the London agent so seriously, are them selves guilty of a breach of trust-and a most disastrias breach-towards the electors who voted for them a few months ago. The whole thing is simply scandal' ous, and it is past comprehension how you Tasmanians, who need so much the immi grants who would be anxiounsto go to you if you told them your resources, can stand quietly by and permit the gross carelessness of your immigration authori. ties to prevent the means of wealth and development from coming to you. Tile other day, I hear, a well-known local agent for emigration at Manchester wrote asking for a couple of hundred pamphlets giving recent details about Tasmanian gold and her mince, and about the un alienated land; lie had had many en quiries, he said, about the colony. Well what could your unfortunate agent do? Echo indeed mockingly answers " Whatl" For pity sake make some change, or else shut up your London agency altogether; proclaim-"Tasmania for the Tasman ians," and let the solemn farce be ended. The man who has during the last six months done twenty times more for the cause of Tasmanian immigration than that scandalously incapable Board in Hobart, is Dr. Benjafield. Writing from Elizabeth-streeot to The Baptist, he has given most interesting information con cerning your colony-information which just suits the English appetite, and will wonderfully help to divert a part of the rich emigration stream towards your shores. As: the proper authorities take no interest in the immigration questint it is to be hoped that some other private gentlemen in the colony will lend their aid in disseminating information hero. AN OUTSIDE COMPLAINT. Since lwrote tlhe above I have soon the following newspaper carrespondouceo. MIr. J. H. White, 1 may note, is a very large general omigration agent at Grimsby, in Lincolnshire :--" Tasmanian--To the editor of the Baptist.-Dear Sir,-Sucll an inquiry for literature re this attractive colony followed the correspondence (from Dr. Benjasfild) in your columns that I placed myself in comnmunication with the responsible agents of the 'Tasmanian Government as to the furnishing of pamphlets for distribution to enquirers, and have received the subjoined courteous reply. Seeing [lho liberally other colo nies distribute pamphlets of information, it is strange that tile Tasmanian autihori ties of such an il every way inviting field do not in their own interest do all possible to make it widely known. To publish the following may, too, servo to explain why so little in the way of literature can be supplied to enquirors. Printed infeor. meatiotn it is almost impossible to get. Humbly yours, JOuiN H. WHIITE, Osborne atreet, Grimsby, Sept. 25,1882." (Copy). "Dear sir,-1 have your letter of the ltth inst. We lave noticed the increased demand for informatioi relating to Tas mania dui ing the past two years, and have repeatedly brought. the matter very urgently before the Government of the colony with a view to their furnishingus with a now and recent official pamphlet or hand-hook for distributlion, but 'vs have not been able to get them oven to move in the matter. Tlherefore with the exception of some copies of The Times correspondence and'of letters from imini grants in the coloiny-a few of which I send for distribution amongst your clients -we havereally no printed oficial in formation to send out. The unfortunate position in which we are placed in this respect by the want of energy on the part of the colonial authlorities is very annoy ing to us, and I hope soon a supply of now pamphlets will bh sent from the colony.-I anm, etc., Du?tLD BUoKLER, Secretary Tasmanian GovernmentEmigra. tion Department, 25 Queen Anne's Gate, Westminastor, S.W., Sept. 13, 1882, To MIr. J. lI. White, etc." I will not com ment upon .the above. Yonr Hobart authorities may do that according to their consciences-if they have auy, in a public THE DISCIPLINE Of the British soldiers in Egypt has been perfection. When a large body of mien are entirely supromo amongst a weak population there ire strong temptations to the weak side of lhumuan nature to terrorise over the vanquised. 'lue British soldiers have, however, behalved most creditably. Early inthe war catme telogramas stating that our men had been caught lboting houses at Ramleh, but these asperaions were speedily proved to be incorrect, isndall through the campaign General Wolsoley has only had words of the higihest commendation for the gallant follows under his comnand. Whom the General landed the troops at Ismailia early in September lie openly announeod ti theni that as Ilogging had beeoon aoliohaled the only' puiishinent hlie could inflict on them for grave crimes would bhe death by court niartial. But no trouble has arisen, and one of the mnost pernnently satisfac. tory circumstances of tile cainmpsign has been the conduct of our men. :THE EGYrrIAN LOSS From all causes during the war is eati mated roughly at 5000. It appears that except at Kessassin and Tel-el-Kobir we did not kill many of tlem. All the cannon firing whlichl went oi under General Wood at Ramlehl appears not to have hurt the enemy in thieleast. Safe bo hind his entroeichmnts the Egyptien cavalry watched our distant guns, and as calmnly stood out of the wayof smch shells as burst within the ramparts. The mahni oss to tlhd country is the partial destruc tion. of Alexandtlria. This, together with indemnities to the Europeans whoso propert.y was destroyed, will make a bill of perhaps £5,000,000 for Egypt to pay without counling the war indonuity which England will very properly dbmand from Egypt. The money will, of cirse, be raised by oInan, and as long as the British troops stay in thll country the credit of Egypt will remain good enough for the borrowing of any reasonable sum: But in addition special taxes will have to be laid on the Egyptians. Onueo willbho called the " Arabi tax," so that the Egyptians who are thus touched through that sensitive part, the pocket,- may lhave the reason of thoir paying brought vivid to mind. It is siosttfortunate for Egypt that the war was so promptly closed as the peasants are'now enabled to set about their'fnrms work just in time to secure next year's crops Had Tel-el-Kebir beon delayed Another month or so the crops for noext season wonld have boon lost, and we should have had to face an alarming famineo in Egypt. THE KHEDIVE IN CAIRO. The Moslums in Egypt are about the most double-faced people in creation.. A couple of months ago the wholo popu lace of Cairo cursed the name of Towlik, anld would probably leave torn their Kholivo in pieces if he had not escaped to Alexaundria. But on September 25 the scene was changed. Fickle Egyptian opinion had veered round, and now the curding was for Arabi and the blessing for I Towfik. The Cairo streets were gaily I decorated with flags, and triumphal arches bearing in Arabic the words "A loyal 1 welcome" were prrpare, when the I Khedive in a close carriage passed through the streets of his ancient capital and entered his pslice, General Wolseloy I and the Duke of Connaught accompany ing him. ;Long rows of British infanlry lined the streets along which the Khedive drove, and as. his Highness passed through the ranks of the big Life Guards on their grand horses the long sabres flashed out asalute. Gullns fired from the i citadel, and all the ponep, pride, and ciraunmstance of martial power heralded in the return of the once banished ruler. The Khedive, however, did not trust his seemingly affectionate people. He ac knowledged the salaams very coldly and sternly, and reserved his affability for the British Generals. Some of the MToslems took in the situation, aud one was heard to remark-" Tho Khedive comes back like a child in the arms of its nurse." The whole change of the Cairo sentiment towards the. Khedive is indeed to-be found in one circumstance--the success of the British. The Moslem worships visible power. When he thought Arabi the master of the situation he wor shipped: im ; now his loyalty is reserved for the new authority. Much satisfaction is felt at Cairo -having been saved.frome the impending fate of Alexandria. Had the forward march of the British after Tel-el-Kebir been a few hours delayed the splendid old historical city had surely been given to flames and rapine. THE ORAND REVIEW. Partly with a view. of ending the Egyptian campaign with the customary military display, and partly with a view of impressing upon the native mind the power of England and the authority which the Khedive gains from our sup port, Sir Garnet Wolseley arranged for a review of the British and Indian troops at Cairo on Saturday, September 30. The saluting place was the Abdin Square. Heroe is the ordinary palace of the Khedlive; .here, on September 9, 1881, Arabi entered Cairo at the head of 4000 troops and enforced his terms as to retention of.tloe Ministry upon the help less Klhedive, and from his prison window facing on the Square Arabi could on Saturday last look out upon the reinstated Khedive and the British troops that had wrought his destruc tion in 15 minutes at Tel-el- Kabir. So w, rks the irony of fate. In front of the Palace was erected a stand estir momcted by the glorious old Union Jack, and here the Khedive, surrounded by the British officers, took his position. Pro ceedings began at 4 p.nm., and during tilhe ensuing houir and a half an incessant column of British and Indian soldiers passed by ; there were 781 officers, 17,220 men, 4320 horses, and 00 guns. First came the RIyal IHorso Artillery, theo the Household Cavalry (the Guards) trotted by on their enormous horses, their drain sabres glittering in the sunt; then followed the Indian cavalry, next the heavy field cavalry who took 20 minutes to go by at a brisk trot; again the Naval Brigade passed amidst a cheer of "Bravo ! Blue jackets;" then appeared the Grenadiers, Scots, and Coldstreanms, the Duke of Coin naught near the hloed. As HI.Rff. reached the level of the Khedive he left the troops and took his place with the staff of Sir Garnet Woleeley. Presently came York, Lancaster, and Royal Irish Fusiliers, again a c smpany of the Engineers, then the Highland Brigade, and the second cheer of the day is ac corded to tile Black Watch, easily dis tieguished by their rod plumes - the "bravest of the bravo ;" then followed the Sussex, Shropshire, and Staffordshire Regimoent, and the King's Royal itflo Corps; lastly came thoe Indian Con tingent. The t mountain, battery" headed -guns mounted on lhardy little' aniimals; then the Madras Sappers, gricm and stern; then the Seaforth Highlanders, most of whom were in that famous Candahar march under General Roberts; then native infantry and Punjanhi's, and again Bolonchi's in black.and rod uniforms-all with colours fluttering above their gay ttrbans, and carrying out their instrue tions to look towards the Khedive, with so fierce an intensity as to remind on lookers of the famous picture of the Sara cen's Head. The review altogether was a great success; let us hope the moral force of the display in tending to consoli. date peace in Egypt may aid in .support ing our policy of restoration and quiot. TIIE FUTURE OF ]EGYPT Will, of cocurse, remain in British hands; that is, we shall hold the country with an army garrison of 10,000 men until, Egypt settles down into what is facetiously called the statlu quo arte Arabi. Despite thle efforts made in ltaly and Fracice and Germany by a cortain section 'of poli ticians and papers, it is evident that the settlement of Egypt will be directid by England rather than by Europe--st least so events now portend. All attempts to excito on the Continent a jealousy of England seem to have utterly failed to affect the responsible body of governing men. England's honesty of purpose is apparent, and that goes a long way, even with the Continentals, suspiolons though they are. The Sultan is showing remark able signs of friendliness to England signs which are no doubt pretence, seeing that the bulk of Mohammedan feeling in Turkey is clearly anti-English. THE OAIRO EXPLOSION On Sept. 28 might easily have led to a repetition of disastrous destruction as in Alexandria, Owineg, it is thought, to the intense .heat three truck loads of shells at Oairo railway station dxplodqd, and then several ammunition trains caught fire, so that altogether a terrlfio outburatoccurred. Four English men were killed and several wounded. Th'o fire lasted for many hoursr, and great qinantities of stores and several buildings were consumed, the loss being sabout £400,000. Shells and powder are about the most costly things out. By the severe efforts of the army thleo'coflagration was stayed. The Duke of Connaught worked as hard as any of tihe mon, put ting hiis shoulder literally to tle whleeool in helping to remove tihe guns out of iharm's way. Incondinirismn was at first suspected, and many arrests were made, but no grounds for suspicion wore discovered. nRADnl' TRIAL Illustratesa tihe penalty of failure once more. Arabi hasnot snccoded,ltherefore he is a rebel.of the deepest dye. Many a man who was just as much a rebel has woell laurels undying. Arabi's fate really c rests with tlhe British Government, and c the trial at O iro, under the authority of c the KhIodive, is of courso only a farco-as 1 indeed is every act of authority which I ''owlik proposes to exorcise. The Enng. i lish barrister who is defending Arabi has 1 more concern probably in the case than anybody else-heo has his eye upon the glorious hope of a. fat fee I Pnblio opinion here protests against the execution t of Arahi. Besides, it would be useless in I the cause of Egyptian pacification t? exe- I cute him. "The deand return no more " a is an old saying. Aye; but they do re. f turn-kill Arabi, and at once the halo of c martyrdom will surround him, and invite t discontented native fooling. Lot him live, c and his very failure will crush out his inll- t flnuenc over the power-worshipping Ori. I ental mind. 1 THE H1OIILAINDEILq 0 Were sore puzzles to the Egyptians. Their first acquaintance with British 1 soldiers was when the Admiral landed his' marines and blue-jackets. These corlainly are quite natural looking, and r the Arabs took them as typical of our 1 nation. But eloen th s Highlanders marcheod through the streets, and when a ill the desert at Kassassin, anid again at g Tel-ol-Kebir, they gave the Egyptiantts a taste of the spirit of tlne " Scots wha lhao wi' Wallace bled," the natives were dumb foundered. They know not how to describer this now species of British noldiers- t "Devils in petticoats," "Devils witl a beards down to their kneos," and so r forth, were amongst the opprobrious, yet in truth highly complimentary terms, that fell from Ioslem lips. And worthily have our brother Scots nmaintainonl their reputation-first in the trenchos of Tel-el Kebir, first wherever danger has called. TIE IRISH TROOPS, Too, have fought withnttional fiorconrbs and hand in ]Inad with Enulish and Scotch it companions. No sign of disaffection, no 1 inditll'reneo to the success of the English v armls. It is remarkable that although in Ireland is supposed to be on the borders t of revolution, that although, as Lord Car- n narvon said the other iday, tihe Queen's c name is never mentioned iln miany parts of c Ireland but to be insulted, and England's t danger is loudly proclaimed to be Ire. v land's opportunity, yet when the actual , conflict came-when as inl Egypt Eng- 1 land had to put forth her strength, g we encounter nothing but active co- 1 operation on tihe part of Irish troops, t nothing but emulous zeal to be equal in c prowess with the Englishmen and Scotch- p men. Again it is noteworthy that during j the last month, whilst our attention has a boon so absorbed in Egypt, there has p boon much less noise about outrages inll Ireland. Now there cannot have really b been any marked change for the better illn i the state of Ireland during that period, I and the only conclusion to be drawn is that we greatly magnify the evils which v certainly do exist in Ireland by constantly t watching and dwelling upon them. E1 TEL-EL-KEBIR. 7 Latest returns show that the actual 3 force employed on September 13 in the deo!sivo battle was 12,277 infantry, 2785 cavalry, 60 guns, and 214 men of tinhe naval brigade, with aixGatling guns. We had nearly 40,000 men in Egypt, includ- 1 ing the Indian contingent, at the time of c this battle. The rest were, howover, stationed at SueZ, Port Said, Aloxandria, and Ismailia. General Wolsoley could, of a course, have brought a larger number of I men. into tile action, but he wisely t reckoned that one Englishman was equal c to three or four Egyptians, and so kept t his force smilall but effective, relying on courage and discipline rather than upon a numbers. Of the Egyptian wounded 547 a were taken charge of by the British ambulances after Tel-el-Kobir and care fully tentdeai; so that 202 of them have now been dispatched to their homes. TnRANnKSOIVINO DAY. The religiousness which pervades Eng lish national life was plainly demonstrated in connection with Tel-el-KObir. No sooner was the news received in London that by one decisive battle the war hadn been ended than a spontaneous demnand was heard for a day of thanksgiving. On Sunday,September 24, accordingly special services were held in all the Anglican churches, and in most of the Nonconfor mist chapoels. At Westminster Abbey, Canon Duckworth, Chaplain to the Prinnco of Waleus, preached to overflowing congre. gations from tile pulpit whence Stanley and Charles Kingsley. had spoken before him. In St. Paul's a vast concourse joined in the gratoful.Te Deumn, and an enthusiastio sermon was given by the Rov. iR. Wholor ushl,, L.A., of St. Alphage, London WYall. The extrelme warmth with which these services were universally carried out, and the references of our success to tlhe Divine blessing, furnish a powerful negation to those who i declare that a spirit of materialism is fast wooeping away English religioosness. AN UNPLEASANT AWAKENING Tihe good people of Damascus--anciennt but existing still --must have had when I the truth of the victory of Tol-el Kebir became klnown. The grass misrepresents. tions which so readily spread anlongst Orientals made the action of September , 13 a groat Egyptian victory. Damascus rejoiced and believed as follows, viz., "That the Duke of Connaught hadl boona taken prisoner, and the Queen obliged to accept these terns :-An indemnity to be paid to Egypt for all the expenses of the war ; the Elgyptian National Debt to be altogether cancelled ; the British troops to leave Egypt with their arms reversed ; Sir Garnet Wolseley and Admiral Soy nmour to be beheaded; the Queen's daughter to be given to Arabi in mar ringe." Poor Mosloms I Even that charming little romance of marriage pos sibdlities whereof you gossiped in your bazaars, and boasted as you sat cross legged amidst your odorous hen- coops and orange baskets-o-even that must be taken from you by the stern cruelty of fact I EGYpTIAN FIGorTING Is decidedly on the long range principle. Some soldiers are better shots at a long range than at a short one; most of tihe Egyptians seem to be in that way of training and to have given very imnplicit faith to that ancient and venerable adage which saith that-"Ro wlo fights and runs away lives to fight anotler day !" Of all thn wounded British only half a dozen or so have bayonet marks; all were hurt or killed by shotor shell. A man doesn't noed much bravery when his blood is up in war to face a storm of bullets uncertain death hovering around a pro bablo glory ; but it is quite another tlhing when cold gleaming steel is flashed before your eyes,.and either you or your oppo nont msnat die. Then a man's courage is tested. The Egyptians never stood against British sabres after that moonlight charge of the Life Guards at Kassassin;i they knew better. But they are moan wratchnes -those Egyptians-as two instances will show. A sergeant had passed by a badly wounddd Egyptian, not hurting him.n Directly the Englishmnan had passed the follow shot him in the leg. The Eoglish man returned and battered in the native's head with the butt end of lis gun. Again a British ollicor seeing two lBadlj, wounded Egyptians, gave themn each a drink oF wator; he then walked to thie Canal to refillo his bottle, when one of the wretches shot him dead as he was stooping. I sincerely hope that his inilnous brainsa were battered"out too. ' cnROWNING A ozAR. Nobody knows exactly nhen the pro. sent Czar in'to leo crownod, the ciremony having'been postponed again i(nd nigoili on accoonnt of snspicions of 4ihilist machinations. Who, tile lqst Aloxandor was crowned' tlno festivities lasted a fort night, and were carried out in thie most public and profuse manner at a cost of over £1,000,000 sterling. The present Alexander ias afraid to make such a show, and probably the great ceremony will not be revived; tihe thing will be done secretly and cheaply. The conomony of crowning a ituesian Czar is very intor esting. The Russians have no old oaken chair in which Sovereigns have beon in variably crowned for hundreds of years past, as we have in Westminster Abbey, nor have they any old "crowning stone" like ours, which was taken front Scotland after having served for the crowning of Scottish Kings for ages, and which pro viously had been brought from Ireland, whither, according to .tr.tdition, it had been brought from Palestine after Jacob had rested his lhead upon it in sleep. (Of which things Canon Brownrigg will gleo fully tell you more.) When a Czar is crowned the Emperor and iEmpress take their seats on thrones. The Archbishops of Moscow and Nodgorod bring forward the " Holy Banner of tRussia," the spear like head of which is believed (by the Itusians) to have been made out of a piece of the true Cross. The banner is handed to the Emperor, after having booe besprinkled with holy water, who waves it three times and then hands it back to the Archbishop of Moscow. A mantle of silver and ermine is thaen placed on thue shouldors of the Emperor, who kneels the while. Then lie stands up and the swordof ancestral Joihn Ill. is girded upon him, whilst a sceptre is placed in his right hland. Again his hlMajesty sits down, and a heavy Crown, glittering with jewels and worth untold millions of roubles, is placed on his head. Hereupon the Empress kneels before her husband, and in that moat suitable, but extremely rare, attitude Ias the great Crown placed for an instant upon her brow, after which tihe Emperor again restores it to his own head. Then tim Empress receives a smaller crown for herself, and a silver and ermine garment likewise. Next the Czar is made " the Lord's Anointed" tihus :-Tihe Archbishop of Moscow, hold ing a silver bowl fill of holy oil, in which "a fragIment of thoe Crown of Thorns" lihas ben immersed, takes a golden patln branch and, dipping it in the oil, touches with it the Czar's irow, cyclids, ears, lips, and trie palms of his halnlds, after which the attmaidants open the monearch's vest imonts in front so that the Archbihlop can make the sign of the Cros, onl his chest. Then the clergy all prostrate themselves, and a choir of :100 voices makes the cathedral ring again with the grand strains of tile To i)Deun. Other cereoulnies have to be gone through, and a week later the imperial couple have to make a pilgrimage to the Holy City of Kiow and the Catc combs. Grand celebrations follow, and political prisoners are usually released. At tile last coronation the Emperor de signed to give a banquet to 200,000 of his poorer subjects in iMocow and environs. A square mile was covered with tables bearing beef and bread. But a day before. hand a ]lost of 20,000 Moujiks who mcis took the signal for starting the feast rushed in and made a clean swoop of the whole allair in less time than it takes onle to write about it. For some of these details I must own indebtedness to l'he Times. But an income of £4,000,000 a year and absolutely autocratic power are not possessions to be onvidd in Russia at ally Iato. and I question, whlther there ia a poor old pauper down by the Cataract who is so unhappy as the Czar of all the Russias at this moment. 'The plantom of cruel death hovers over about hici. SAUSAGES. Tihe little ohl gentleman who brought six halves of trouser buttons to the pro prietress of a London sausage acntlufac tory, and had tie melancholy satisfaction of ascertaining that they had belonged to the good lady's husband, who had mysteriously disappeared just before, after erecting a patent self-feeding sausage macehino, made ci solonc vow never to eat sausages for breakfast again. At least so Saru Woller said and no Pickwick has recorded. Perhaps some other little old gentleman also--" par ticularly partial to sausages for bireakfast" -may mhvo cino to ia like resolution more recently. A certain Charles bhaw, owner of a Gorman sausage lmanulfactory ill suburban London, was last week linted £20 with the alternative of two months' imprisonment for very sufficient reasonls. Olne of those poke-yoiur nose.into- other poople's-business sort of folk-an In-. spector-chanced to be passing tihe premises of Shaw. lie peeped through a broken wilndow patio and porceived several ilen putting lnmps of meat into a tin. The meat looked anything but nice, and the inspemctor accordingly resolved to exnamino it. Il1 knocked at tile door, and then immedliteoly applied his eye to tile broken pane again- just in time to see a man cover up thli meat ill the tin with a quantity of fit. Admitted, the Inspector made straight for the tin, and fout d that it contained live large lumps orf horsalleslh, four of which were partly decomuposed, and had apparently been cut from the carcans of a horse that had died a natural death. In Court the manl Shawo stoutly denied that the meat was horsellesh at all, or indeed that Ihorseclesl, however "swveet," was over used on his promises; thie meat found in the tin was a " little black" and " miugiy " throcigh not having been salted on the previous eve'mc ; ; it would have boen rejected by the manc in charge of the machine. But the magistrate at Worship street was too wary for the verarious Shaw, and tile result was as above. The Court's punislhment was light, but proba bly Shaw cmay as well take down his sign. board at once. 