IiOCAL NEWS. Mr. E. F. Hughes, Surgeon Dentist, will be away from Maryborough till Thursday next, when he may be consulted at Chas. H. Hughes, .Chemist, Adelaide-street. — [Adtt.] The adjourned meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be held in the Council Cham bers at 3 o'clock this afternoon, when a con siderable amount of business, the accumulations of former meetings, will be fully discussed. The following are the Maryborough Cemetery Returns for the quarter ending on the 30th of June, 1882 : — April — Adults, 11 ; Children, 10 — 21. May — Adults, 10; Children, 12 — 22. June — Adults, 11 j Children, 3 — 14. Total, 67. Of the adults eight were Polynesians and one an aboriginal. Number of patients remaining in tho Hospi tal when last reported, being the week ending June 26th, 3G. Since admitted, 4 ; total, 40 ; discharged, 2 ; died, 0 j remaining in Hospital, males, 28, females, 10 : total, 38 ; outpatients, 21 ; total treated, 59. Hudson's Surprise Party gave an excellent and amusing programme to finish up their season here. The clever pedestal clog-dance by Hudson himself was tbe leading item, and was greeted by vehement applause. This amusing troupe appear in Gympie to-night, where their great merits will ensure them full houses. A social dance, under the auspices of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society, Excelsior Lodge, will be held in the Town TTnll to-morrow week, Friday, 14th instant. The balls previously organised by this lodge have proyed to be ' really sooial and at the same time quite en reglet and as the catering on the 14th promises to be of the best, tho occasion will no doubt prove very enjoyable. The members of the Loyal Adventure Lodge, M.TLI.O.O.F., Thompson's Flat, changed chairs the 1st July, when tho following- officers were elected : — Bro. J. Kennedy, G.M. j Bro. Han* sen, N.G. ; Bro. T. W. Brennan, V.G, ; Bro. Smith, E.S. ; Bro. Richards, R.H.S.N.G. ; Bro. S. Bradford, S.H.S.N.G. ; Bro. W. Tullock, R.H.S.V.G. ; Bro. Walker, L.H.S.V.G. ; Bro. Jacobson, W. ; Bro. Lindsay, J.T. Wb learn that eight firms of builders and contractors tendered for the erection of the now and commodious branch of tho A. J. S. Bank, on tho site of the old building at tho corner of Kent and Richmond-streets, viz., Messrs. J. & J. Rooncy, £G,21G ; G. & E. Negus, £6,295 ; i H. Neale, £5}33G ; French & Clirystall, £6,878; ' Hanson & Stevcnsen, £6,340 ; H. Cliallands, £6,319. Buzza Brothers and F. Kinne's tcudor were higher than the above. Tho tender of Messrs. French and Crystall was tho successful one. The arcliitect, Mr. Eyre, considers that | the tendering for this contract was exceptionally close all through showing tliat all the tenderers , understand their business. Wb learn from Kilkivan that a fund recently started there for the purpose of building a Pri mary School in the township lias boon consider ably augmented by residonts of Gympie, and the Committee would like their Maryborough friends to send a few much-needed contributions. Tho buildings are now in course of crocfcion and will be completed this month. Mr. O. L. James, I of Kilkivan, Honorary Secretary, will thankfully 1 receive subscriptions, or same can bo deposited at the office of tbU paper f jr transmission. ' There is, we believe, a probability of Pro fessor Pepper favoring Maryborough audiences with another visit and a few more enjoyable' scientific evenings. During tho Professor's former sojourn in this town his interesting lecluras and nore) practical experiments gave great pleasure to his audiences, but regret was expressed that owing to his inability to procure certain necessary paraphernalia in tliis town, ho could not show that marvellous ' ghost' illusion which has mado his name famous throughout tho world. A few of our residents have perhaps seen ' Pepper's ghost,' as it was facetiously termed, at the London Polytechnic or tho Adelphi theatre, and these will especially appreciate the announcement that if tho Pro fessor does re-visit us, he will introduce the ghost in all its original effectiveness, and also treoii the audience to the remarkable illusions by ffbich he illustrates tho charming mythical stay of Pygmalion and Galatea. The English mails brought by R.M.S. Roma were landed in Rockhampton on Monday night, but though the Dcrwent left Rockhampton wharf next morning, and arrived here yesterday, the Maryborough mail-bags were not sent by her, but retained for transmission by the Lady Bowen, which steamer did not leave Rockhamp ton until Tuesday midnight. The mails cannot, therefore, arrive here before this evening. We presume the detention is owing to the fact that the A.S.N. Co. have the contract for conveying our English wiaila to or from Keppcl Bay, but surely if — as in the present case — the A.S.N. Co. have not one of their steamers on tho spot to tranship the mails promptly, the postal offi cials ought to exercise tho power of sending the bags by the first boat available. On Monday last a shark measuring 6 feet in length and 27 inches round the jaws, was found stranded on the rocks at Miva bridge, on the Mary river near Gootchie. How this marine monster found his way so far from his natural and briny element, 60 miles or so above tidal water, is a mystery, but there is no doubt he must have accomplished the journey up the river at least two years ago, when the falls which abound in the river between Yengarie and Gootchie were covered with sufficient water to allow him a fair swim across. This theory is borne out by the rumors which from time to time agitated the dwellers on the banks of the Upper Mary, that a large shark inhabited the deep water above Tiaro. This evening the stage of the Town Hall will be surmounted with an entirely new company of talented juvenile performers, under the able guidance of Mesdames Power and Cantrell. This concert, under the auspices of the Central State School, will undoubtedly be as attractive as any of the successful performances for which this scholastic institution has for some time back been famous* Mrs. Cantrell's galaxy of local Liliputians have undergone a capital course of training, and, coupled with the well known amateurs and a few debutants, will afford abundant variety of entertainment to tho large audience which invariably attends : these musical festivals. We have to remind parents of the rehearsal in the Town Hall at three o'clock this afternoon. Punch for this month is to hand, and presents a rather more than usual amount of reading , matter, consequently less in the pictorial line. 1 The cartoon, which is well drawn, is of peculiar attraction, suggesting as it does that Queens land, unless she looks alive, will find her trans continental dream broken by our South Aus tralian neighbors in their railway to Port Darwin, and Punch's artistic way of putting the matter forward may be the cause of some deep thought not unmingled with anxiety to those who have studied the theme from its commencement, and who aro now additionally interested by the fillip given to the transconti nental question by the aunouncement in Par liament on Tuesday last. We are glad to be of service in introducing to our benevolent citizens a real case of distress which can only be alleviated by pecuniary assistance. Last year, the object of our sympa thies, a respectable married woman, left Ireland for Queensland with her husband, but leaving her three children .in the care of a relation until a home was prepared for them in this colony and the rough preliminaries of settle ment were tided over. Unfortunately, the husband died soon after landing, and the wife though laboring diligently, is unable to earn more than a bare subsistence, and equally desti tute of means for bringing her children out to rejoin hor. We mention the case in the hope that a few of our citizens will find the unfor tunate immigrant a few pounds to remit home for the children's passage, or make arrangements with the Government for the same. Mr. G. B. Robinson, manager of the Union Bank, has a few donations already, and has kindly consented to receive more. The goods traffic on the Maryborough rail way apparently accomodates^ good number of agriculturists on the Mary river iiirins, by pro viding them with easy access' for their goods to a profitable market. We note that the detailed, railway returns *how regular loading of ^haff at Blackmount, maize, ' fruit, butter, etc., at Tiaro; maize and potatoes! at Gootchie/ All these products go to Gympie, -where prices naturally range much higher than^ :atJ Marybo rough. The greatest quantity of farm produce is forwarded from Gootchie railway station around which are located.a large number of the right sort of farmers. We observe that a dairy farmer near Eaton siding, Mr. Gorman, for wards regular daily supplies of fresh milk to Gympio. We should liko to sec somo of the graziers residing .between Maryborough and Tiaro go into this trade, for pure fresh *nHk is none too plentiful or too cheap in thiB town. Tlie railway rate of carriage for milk ib one penny per gallon for 25 miles. With only a farthing a quart to pay for carriage, country dairymen can well afford to com pctc with town milk- sellors, who charge 6d to 6d per quart for tho lacteal fluid, much of which will hardly stand looking into. . Mr. W. J, M'Ilboy, special representative of tho ' National Matoal Life Association of Aos tralasia,'* accompanied by Dr. Bingham Crow thcr, L R.C.P., M.K.C.S., L.S.A ,, etc., London ; and late Sargeon superintendent to the Hos pital, Hobart, Tasmania, begs lo intimate that be is again visiting Matyborough and surround ing district to solicit life proposals, and tran sact any other business in the interests of the abovenaraed popular Life Association, which is now doing the largest life business of any office in Queensland. Address, care J. E. Brown Esq., or Royal Hotel.— [ADVT.] Mb. F. D. G. Stanley. Architect (late Col onial Architect), having opened an office in Keith's Chambers. Bazaar-street, has arranged to place the same in charge of; Mr. Walter Eyre who will roside permanently .in Maryborough, who will receive instructions for, and give his personal supervision, ' to^ll works ? with -which :Mi\ Stanley inay be entrusted, — Adtt. Amongst our extensive thoroughfares there is at least a portion of one Btreet which has undergone very little improvement sinoe tho early days when old paternal Adam trod upon the face of tho earth, and surely it is quite timo th&t; MacAdam was brought upon the scene ; wo allude to that frequentod part of Lennox-street, from its intersection with Kent-street, extending to North- stroet. To begin with, tho line of rails crosses the stroet, with a ricketty wooden bridge' adjoining, and probably it is the only important thoroughfare without a decent footpath. With tho inoreased vehicular traffic it is positively dangerous to move along the street, especially on Saturday nights, and pedestrians have no kerbing or other dividing line to guard them from being run over. The unsightly em bankment along the hospital fence might easily be removed, and a permanent and convenient footpath laid down. As it is, during wet weather and sometime afterwards, any one who ventures to walk along the embankment to avoid unwelcome accidents from the passing vehicles, might be seen springing about and adopting attitudes appropriate only for some thing like Tommy Hudson's pedestal dancet and then suddenly deciding that a sound basis is the best after alL It is a singular thing that although this neighbourhoodt can boast of some of our most exalted citizens, notably His Worship the Mayor, it is bo far behind in common eveiyday requirements. ' Hipparion' sends the following ' antici pations' for the Rockhampton races to be run to-day and to-morrow : — ' The two principal handicaps I have already dealt with ; I see no reason to alter the opinions expressed on Satur day last, and though Centurion seems to bo coming into form, and with it, into favour, for both events, — so much so that Veno, whose opinion is of some value, fancies he. jrill beat both Proctor and Rainbow, ~I cannot rely] at ?this distance from the field of battle, on a hone whose performances, no matter what excuses may be made for him, -are after all only seconds-rate so tarin. Queensland. T&eMaidenPjate.; closed, t as Maiden Plates so late in the year tod often ' do dose, with only three, acceptances, viz»: — Hilltop, Adamantea, and Happy Prince.. ? The j lost named showed some racing ability in the \ summer, aud Adamantea in Brisbane, but I shall rely upon Hilltop. The colt can be trusted to go for the money, rather than for the 11 books.' In the Champagne, Mr. Mooney will probably send the best of his pair which, on public run ning, should be Rioter, but unless that colt is considerably better than Adamantea, Goldfinder holds him safe on tb® Brisbane winning ? -&nd; Goldfinder's only dangerous opponent appears to be Hilltop ; between this pair the issue should I lie, and taking all things into consideration, I ' shall plump for Mr. Finnie's half brother to the gallant Nemo, the brown colt, Goldfinder. The Hurdle Race filled pretty well but the horses are 'dark' to rae ' over the sticks,' though on the fiat, Blazeaway and King of the Ring might perhaps have the best of it. The District Plato being a handicap, and the weights unknown at present, I will not meddle with ; but it will be hard to beat Rioter, Hilltop, or Silverhair, in the Corinthian j whilst All Fours Bbould win the | Publican's Purse. The cloudless skies of our winter nights pro sent even to the most uninterested observer 1 astronomical eights of the most beautiful, but to the keen watcher of nature in all her varied transformations in tho starry sphere, they offer opportunities for interesting observation, and their limitless scope afford an unending source of wonder to the lovers of the celestial science. Taking the newly arrived stranger amongst usj Well's comet, visible in Maryborough for the first time about 17th June, though still visible in the evenings it requires rather more than a passing glance to detect it; its nuclcus, in factf will now coase to be visible to the naked eye. Its present position is in tho constellation of Leo and near Regulus, the principal star of that group. On the evening of the 9th it will be near Mars, when it will set at about 8 o'clock p.m., bearing to the north west. Venus, in the constellation Leo, is now a veiy fine object in the north western sky soon after sunset. She sets at present at about 7.30p.m. At the end of this month Uranus will be very close to Venus. Mars, that object under whose sometime red glare— sure betokener of protracted drought— the pastoral lessee is wont to rave, is also in i the constellation of Leo, and is visible in th evenings. At the end of the month he will bg | a little to the eastward of Venus. During the present time he Bets at aboat a quarter to nine bearing to the north west. Mara is~not so easily found as Venns, as the latter at the pre sent time is particularly brilliant while the , light of Mars is just now especially feeble. Mercnry is a morning star in the' constellation Gemini. He will be at bis greatest elongation from the Bun on tbe 20th instant. Jupiter, in , the constellation Tauros is visible in the same group as Saturn. The latter rises at the present time at about a quarter past 3 a.mH and is folJ« lowed by Jupiter some two hoars aftert both' bearing in a north easterly direction, Mr. Harding White, Soigecm Dentist, has commenced practice in Maryborongh, and may be consulted at his rooms, Helsham's Bnild* ings.— [Advt.] Mb. Willoughby Powell, architect, in some years connected with tbe Public Works Department, Brisbane— has commenced prac tice in this town land may t-e consulted at , HelBham's Buildings, Kent, Street,— [Adet.] Db. Eaves, of Gympiej will attend-eveiy Friday at A. D. Harrap's1, chemist, from'll a.m. till 3 p.m, for the special treatment pf ailment, peculiar to women and children, auol diseases of the ear. — Advt. I have analysed an original packet of 'Tbe Taeping Mixture,' and 1 certify that, in its chemical properties as Tea,. it reaches a mnch higher standard than that which is now re quired by the London Board of Trade, Tbe Mixture is composed of pnre uncolorejl teas, and admirably flavored with a delicate and harmless scenting, which renders it veiy palat able. lean recommend it. as being a whole some and refreshing articfe of diet, Karl Theodor Staiger, late Government Anplys*. — rADVT.j ThE Northern, Argus announces in its tele grams that ' Mr. Alexander Anderson of Mackay has been placed on the. .Commissioner of tho Pease.' What sort of thing is that P . Tiie Cooktown Courier says s— Last .Tuesday a Chinaman attempted to pass spurious gold at the Q.N. Bank. lie was detected, and seeing that his little game was spoiled, he bolted and left his parcel behind liim. 4 - The Rockhampton Municipal wharf ago dues collected during tlie half year ended 30th June last amounted to £1925, -. which'1 shows an in crease, as compared with the corresponding period of last year, of £300. ^ Tub A llegcmeine Deutsche Zefaung% of Brazilj informs us that recently there died, at Piombo, a Mulatto woman, at the age of .187 years ! Her name was Joaquin Caramona.' She was bom in the year 1694, under the Government of Don Fernando Martdnoe Moscarenhas Lan castre. When 100 years old she Jost her sight, but recovered it somewhat later. She ^remained coimnvitivoly strong and in gobd,bealtb up to the day of her doatb, which was prematurely brought nb i-t by a fall from a bench. Poor youpg jM i0 ! - ' 