Sftetcfoe*. THE .S1THETE ON HIS TRAVELS. Any European of note or ol notoriety who goes over to America is sure of a hearty welcome. As agnation, the Americana ane exceedingly hospitable, and they are,' moreover, very cur ious to see in tne nesn tnosc wnose names are familiar to them. Mr. Oscar Wilde is a cognate personage, not as much because he is one of the principal leaders of the social and artistic movement, which goes by the name of testheticism. What that movement is I never exactly knew, except _that it had to do with lilies, sunflowers, dados, frizzy hair, clinging garments, and angular move ments. Lectures on fflstheticisni have never, to my knowledge, been given in England by any of its priests, nor have its arcana been re vealed except by the jeers of its opponents. In America they are more fortunate. They have the High Priest amongst them, and the news papers are filled, not only with his views in the lecture room, but with his more familiar outpourings to reporters and others, whilst his mode of life and bis attire are dwelt upon exhaustively. A few extracts from these newspapers will, I think, prove amusing and instructive. Here is a picture of Mr. Wilde ' at home,' being interviewed : — The apartment was intensely warm. A hot coal fire in the low-down grate burned fiercely though the intense blaze was prevented from scorching the cheeks of the young aesthete by a screen - of iron and brass. The sofa on which Mr. Wilde reclined was drawn up to the fire. An immense wolf-skin-rug, bordered with red and stitched with the same colour, thrown negligently over the back and seat of the sofa, also served to half encircle the grace ful form of the poet in its soft embrace. Mr. Wilde was wearied. There could be no doubt about this, from the languid, half-enervated manner with which he gently sipped hot chocolate from a cup which stood on a chair by his side, or in the way he occasionally in haled a long, deep whiff from a smouldering cigarette held lightly in his white and shapely hand. The aesthete was attired in a smoking jacket of dark velvet, faced on the lappels with red quilted silk. The ends of a long dark necktie floated over the facing like seaweed on foam, tinged by the dying sun. Dark brown pants, striped with red up to the seam, and patent-leather shoes, with light-coloured cloth uppers,, completed the rest of the poet's cos tume. The dress may be open to criticism, but the face of the poet disarms adverse opin ion. Long masses of dark brown hair, parted ed in the centre, fell in cold curves of beauty over the broad shoulders of this supersesthe tical poet. The lines of the face are not marred by moustache or beard. The full, rather sensuous, lips, now pressed close together with momentary decision, now parted in kindly smile, show to perfection the mobility of the countenance. A Grecian nose and the well tinged flash of health on the poet's face add all that is required to make it a truly remark able one. The eyes are large, dark, and ever changing in expression. One thought of a lion when Mr. Wilde tossed back the thick hair on his 1 3ad as it fell over his face when he reclined £ ward ; one thought of a woman when he wave 1 his hand gracefully in the air, or sighed because he was so utterly wearied. Mr. Wilde is neither lion nor woman, but a particularly clever young man who is creating a sensation — which is more than one clever young man in a million is able to do. At parties, however, he adopts a different costume, for thus was he attired when he took part in an evenir ; party got up in his honour by Mr. Davis, at Philadelphia : — Mr. Wilde won1 a dress suit, the pants or which wer . cut off a little below the knee, the rest of the leg being encased in black 'silk stoekinf i, low patent-ieather pumps complet ing that portion of the attire. A loose rag of a white nroktie was wound round the throat of the aesthetic expounder of high art anc! socialism. The full .expanse of shirt front, which in an ordinary gentleman's evening attire cannot be too immaculate and risid, in the case of the poet consisted simply eta wilted ribbed pique. , Thus does he explain to a reporter what ffistheticism is, and what are its aims : — The philosophy of lestheticism Ls tha'j the secret of enjoyment in life is to ba ablo to understand . and appreciate the beautiful. People cross continents to see a lake or a mountain cr a waterfall, while the simple creatures who live about these scenes are able to discern only earth and water. The four great poets of the arly part of this century — Wordsworth, She Sv, Keats, and Byron — were grossly misunderstood in their lifetime by the British public, so much so that one was driven to the Cumberland wilds, and the others to foreign graves. Even to-day the masses of the people, owing to their grovelling and unbeautiful surroundings, are not able to appreciate the poets. I would like to see every one able to appreciate the artistic quality of the simplest things around them, and thus learn of higher things than money getting. My greatest object in visiting this country is to see what effect these ideas will have upon an unprejudiced people, who are not wedded to old conventionalism. I desire particularly to urge the importance of leading children to estimate the beautiful, and teaching them to use their eyes and ears and hands. I would have Americans make for themselves the beautiful objects they bring from the older world. The key-note of this age is discontent People are not satisfied because they do not enjoy life, and to enjoy life they must be able to understand the beautiful in the simplest things. The Iadie3 are taking the right step in the decoration of their homes, and in the draperies of their persons, but the men will be slow in receiving impressions. I do not be lieve in making society a fancy ball, but I see no reason why men should not wear brown or black velvet instead of cloth, nor do I see why knee-breeches are not more becoming and dignified than the ridiculous trousers which men adhere to. ' What are your politics ?' asks the reporter. O, do you know, those .matters are of no interest to me. I know only two terms — civilisation and barbarism ; and I am on the side of civilisation. It is very strange that in the House of Commons you never hear the word ' civilisation.' . They spend night after night squabbling over petty things, when they ought to be working against barbarism. Then, in our country there is seldom a piece of legislation that docs -not benefit one class more than another ; and that, perhaps, makes the wretched party spirit more bitter. But Gladstone is the greatest Prime Minister England ever had. A short time before I came to America, he said to me that from the United States would come at once the greatest danger and the greatest good to civilisation. The greatest danger in the vast accumulation of capital, and the greatest good in the perfect simplicity of American politics, and in the fact that the only reason for the passage of a great law over here is that it is for the good of the whole people. The personal control of capital, with the power it gives over labor and life, has only appeared in modern American life. We have as jet nothing like it in Eng land. We call a man rich over there when he owns a share of Scotland, or a county or so. But lie doesn't have such a control of ready money as does an American capitalist. He is often pressed even for a matter of fifty or sixty thousand pounds, said Mr. Wilde carelessly. My last extract is a conversation, in which hegivesbisviewsupon velveteoats, ' Patience,' the beauty of American women, and the sym pathies of Mrs. Langtry. ' Do you not hope to bring back picturesque dressing as one of the forms in which the spirit of your art will work itself out.' 'All that must take time. We have to move very carefully, you know. Prejudice cannot be carried by storm. And, by the way, one of the most delightful things I find in America is meeting a people without prejudice — everywhere open to the truth. We have nothing like it in England. But to return — we must get the women to dress beautifully first ; the men- will follow. Velvet is such a beautiful material — why do not men wear it? Grey, or brown, or black velvet is always beautiful.' ' You have been quoted as saying that the women's dresses in * Patience1 are not exagge rated.' ' Oh, the embroidery and paintings on the dresses are made for stage effect, and are burger than are worn in what is called good society. But in design they are correct. ' Patience,' by the way, has done oar cause no harm. Bidicule may be a serious weapon, but there should be that in a true poet or a genuine cause which is indestructible; and there is indestructibility in our cause. Oh, no; people understand that 'Patience' is merely a burlesque. I enjoyed it very much. The music is delightful, and that is certainly on our side, even if the words are not.' ' Speaking of dresses — how do yon like the beauty of their American wearers.' 'I am charmed with American beauty. American women possess a certain delicacy of outline surpassing English women. And there is a charm about this curve here,' said Wilde, drawing his finger from cheek to chin, ' that is peculiarly fascinating. Bnt the color of English women is richer and warmer, I think, I saw Clara Morris on the stage in New York one evening, and I was as delighted with her as with Sarah Bernhardt, who had told me very much about her charm ; and I have met many surpassingly beautiful young ladies since my arrival. Mrs. Langtry, I may tell you, is quite with me in all this move ment. She has an artistic house, deserves all her reputation for beauty, and sympathises thoroughly with the aesthetic school.' Altogether Mr. Wilde seems to be having a 'high time' in America. — Truth. THE BAY OF SEVEN ISLANDS. The skipper soiled out of the harltormonth, Leaving the apple-bloom of the South For the ice of the Eastern seas, In his fishing schooner Breeze. Handsome and brave and young was he, And the maidens of Newbory sighed to see Kis lessening white sail fall Under the sea's blue ?walL Through the Northera Gall and the misty screen Of the isles of Mingin and Madeleine, St. Paul's and Blanc Sablon, The little Breeze sailed on Backward and forward along the shore Of wild and desolate Labrador, And found at last her way To the seven Islands Bay, The little hamlet, nestling below Great hills white with lingering snow, With its tin-roofed chapel stood Half hid in the dwarf spruce wood ; Green- turfed flower-sown,1 the last outpost Of summer upon the dreary coast, With its gardens small and spare, Sad in the frosty air. Hard by where the skipper's schooner lay, A fisherman's cottage looked away Over isle and bay, and behind On mountains dun-defined. And there twin sisters, fair and young, Laughed with, their stranger guest, and song In their native tongue the lays Of the old Provencal days. Alike were they' save the faint outline Of a scar on Suzett's forehead fine ; And both, it so befell, Loved the heretic stranger well. Both -were pleasant to look upon, Bat the heart of the skipper clave to one ; Though less by his eye than heart He knew the twain apart. Despite of alien race and creed, Well did his wooing of Marguerite speed ; And the mother's wrath was vain As the sister's jealous pain. The shrill-tongued mistress lier house forbade, And solemn warning was sternly said By the black- robed priest, whose word As law the hamlet heard. But half l-y voice and half by signs The skipper 6aid, ' A warm sun shines On the green, banked Merrimac ; Wait, watch, till I come back. ' And when you see, from my inast Lead, The signal fly of a kerchief red, My boat on the shore shall wait ; Come, when the night is late.' Ah 1 weighed frith cliildln/C^D9uiuiitB and friends, And all that the home sky overbends, Did ever young love fail) To turn the trembling sehle ? Under the night, on the wet sea sands, Slowly unclasped their plighted hands : One to the cottage heartli, ? And one to his sailor's berth. What was it the parting lovers heard ? Nor leaf, nor ripple, nor wing of bird, But a listener's stealthy trend On the rock-moss, crisp and dead. He weighed his anchor, and fished once more By the black coast-line of Labrador ; And by love and the north wind driven, Sailed back to the Islands Seven. In the sunset's glow tlic sisters twain Saw the Breeze come sailing in again ; Said Suzette, ' Mother dear, The heretic's sail is here.' ' Go, Marguerite, to your room and hide ; Your door shall be l-oite-l !' the mother cried : While Snzetto, ill at ease, ? Watched the red sign of tlie Breeze. At midnight, down to the waiting skiff She stole in the shadow of the cliff; And out of the Bay's mouth ran The Schooner with maid and man. And all night long, ou a restless bed, Her prayers to the 'Virgin Marguerite said ; And thought of her lover's pain Waiting for her in vain. Did he pace the sands ? Did lie pause to hear The sound of her light step drawing near ? And, as the slow hours passed, Would be doubt her faith at hist,? Bat when sue! saw, through the misty pane, The morning break on a sea of rain, Could even her love avail To foiiow his vanished sail ? Meantime the Breeze, with favoring wind, Left the rugged Moisic hills lwliind, And heard from an unseen shore The falls of Manitou roar. On the morrow'sjmorn, in the thick, gray weather They sat on the reeling deck together, Lover and counterfeit, Of hapless Marguerite. With a lover's hand, from her forehead fair He smoothed away her jet-black hair. What was it his fond eyes met ? The scar of the false Suzette I Fiercely he sliontod : ' Bear away East by north for seven Isles Bay !' The maiden wept and prayed. Bat the ship her helm obeyed. Once more the Bay of the Isles they found : They heard the bell of the Chapel sound, And the chant of the dying sung In the harsh, wild Indian tongue. A feeling of mystery, change, and awe Was in all they heard and all they saw : Spell-bound the hamlet lay In the hush of its lonely bay And wheu they carnc to the cottage door, The mother rose up from her weeping sore, And with angry gestures met The scared look of Suzette. ' Here is your daughter,' the skipper said : ' Give me the one I love instead.' But the woman stemlv spake : ' Go, see if the dead will wake !' He looked Her sweet face still and white And strange in the noonday taper light, She lay on her little bed, With the cross at her feet and head. In a passion of grief the strong man bent Down to her face, and, kissing it, went Back to the waiting Breeze, Back to the mournful seas: Never again to the Menimac And Newlrary's homes that bark came back. Whether her fate she met On the shores of Carraijuette Miscou, or Tracadic, who can say? But even yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told the ghostly tale Of a weird, unspoken sail. In the pale, sad light of the Northern day Seen by the blanketed Mnntagnals ; Of squaw, in her small kyack, Crossing the spectre's track. On the deck a maiden wrings her bauds : Her likeness kneels on the gray coast sands ; One in her wild despair, And one in the trance of prayer. She flies before no earthly blast. With the red sign fluttering from her. mast, Over the solemn sens, The ghost of the schooner Breeze. — John Gre&deaf; Wiiittier. 