THE CONTRIBUTOR. TEE POLITICS OF PANIC AND PESSIMISM. By an Eclectic. II. As was said before, to take anything like a judicial view of this subject we most call history as a witness to the bar. She can tell as much that is highly instructive upon this matter. Just a hundred years ago the greatest country in Europe was (he subject of similar anticipations from the wisest and the shrewdest men of the day. Such diverse observers as Lord Chesterfield, Arthur Young, and the old Marquis de Mirabean all concurred in the belief that the state of France at that time could only end in a general overturn, possibly auch a one as the world had never beheld. But 00 the theory of our Cassandras this is strange, as the Government of France was the perfectly realised ideal to which their system would necessarily conduct them. The great masses of the people were kept in utter ignorance and subjection, and were denied all share in the government, which was regarded us the prerogative of divinely appelated monarchB, and a highly superior nobility. The rule was strictly vested in the privileged classes of the nation, who, as recompense for their titrable, were exempted, by their own arrangement, from all burdens of taxation. The sovereign was enabled by the convenient method of Ultres de cachet to get rid of all innovators by locking them up in the Bastille. Church and state went band in hand, and their nnity was happily personi fied in Bach cases as that of the unniterable Dubois. The multitude were often starving, and if tbey starved quietly all was well, but if they presumed to complain they were witbont ado hanged on a gallows 40ft. high. The authority of religion was supreme, aud was enforced by certain grimly effective sanctions. As to morals, the least Baid on the subject the better. Thns in all respects the position was precisely the opposite of that existing now. Every conservative guarantee the loss of whidi our political pessimists deplore existed in the most ad mirable perfection. Yet sensible men thought that a crash muBt come. And, thank God, it did come. It came, aud with very rough, harsh methods tumbled that state of tilings, at any rate, into the gulf for evermore. Had it not come modern history wonld have been a dreary farce, and life, regarded in a large way, would nave seemed void and meaning less. Are we, then, to believe that when all the conditions are radically different, the same resale must ensae! We will believe this if we have to do so, but to this end something more like proof mnsf be given as than is yet pat forward. When these haunting apprehensions, flit ting like dim, ineffective ghosts about iu the dark regions of politics, are bidden to stand and deliver their message, we see that the tale they have to tell resolves itself in its ultimate reduction into a distrust of the justice of the majority. Well, it may be said, what of that? Why should not the majority, haveits turn of dominant injostice ? It has suffered this from small minorities for a very long time. But, passing this, where is the evidenoe that a role vested in the great numerical, masses of an instructed people, trained to self-government and to its responsi bilities, must be unjust? Where is the evidence that it is exposed to any such liability ? We can in such matters reason but frooq what! we know, and we can only know what experience teaches us, .Well, here is the well-known case of the great republic of America—an instance which our timid friends would at once accept as confirming all their; fears. What are the cases -of class injastioe; decried by the ruling majority and enforced, bylaw of which;America supplies ns with ex-; amplpp? What aw tbey? Do any snob exist? Has enr one ever pretended.to cite any 1 Oar ! Tory friendb will not cere to quote the pro-' teetive• lews of, the 8tates as auch. an' example. This is the only esse capable; of representation M. cmss legislation which the polity of America presents, and they arenpt likely,to asr much ftbomt it. This! is their own lew. They fougbt to. maloUiii it; bb long .SB po»«ws in KnglaaiOo their own interest , an*, at the ooet of , the poorer clssses of lbe community. AfMN&almromsdj; the system frcmShem. It vss.fytfeetesth! of jtbrir ppposfeKmjtiiet the system of free; wade: was^es^lisbed in, Khglaudi ;lW have only lately been intriguing t» br ing bosk protection. This, then, they cannot touch; and, apart from this, the role which they profess to regard as the role of anarchy—in Bpite of its faults, many and great—giveB in America the most liberal, freest, most secure Svernment in the world to 60 millions of e most fortunate human beings to be found living together to-day " on the surface of this planet." Our alarmists see in every concession made to Liberalism a step toward the general catas trophe. They would like—speaking in loose, irresponsible outside talk—their leaders to make a firm stand now, to put their backs against the wall, and make a final fight against aggreBBion, and win, or perish in the last ditch. They say, let ub resist the begin nings, and since it is now too late lor this— Bince the day when some innovating Liberal began to use a stone axe instead of being content with the claws with which bounteous nature had endowed him—well let us pick up the pieces that remain, and make a last Btruggle to retain them. But, unhappily for the theory involved, this plan has been tried on a very large scale, and its isBue was not particularly fortunate or encouraging. Again, we muBt appeal to history. The problem is to ascertain whether the interests of a limited and privileged cIsbb are beet preserved by Btanncb resistance to change, or by prudent, timely concession. Just compare for a moment the different fates of the nobility of France and that of England. In England a part of the moBt highly privileged clasB has always sympathised in feeling with the cause of Liberal progress. It has always sup. ported the demands of the unfranchised classes to a share in the government of the nation. It has urged on its more conserva< tive fellow-nobles the policy of timely con cession. And concessions have been timely made, and are being made from day to day. Many very remarkable ones have been made in the last 20 years, many more not leBa remarkable will, no doubt, be witnessed in the next 20. And what has been and is the reBult? That no aristocracy in Europe has so Becure, bo splendid, so enviable a position, bo large a ehare in the wealth, the power, the active life of the nation aB the aristocracy of England. The nobility of France adopted a different line. It resisted every concession to the last. It maintained not only its sub stantial privileges, but also those which only insulted with cruel wantonness the self-re Bpect and human feeling of the people. Its members made their existence incompatible with the life and progress of the nation. In such a state of things it is easy to understand that it is not the nation which will ultimately go to the wall. Heaven forbid. Human affairs would be mere folly and moral chaos were this otherwise. Where are the nobles of old France now? No doubt some of their re presentatives could be hunted up, living in faded, bankrupt splendour in the aristocratic Faubourg, doing a little quiet stockjobbing and arranging mercenary marriages, while cherishing a dwindling tradition, which the mote eetasible, bud even the less sensible, ones know to be a mere chimera. Bat it is more pertinent to ask where were they 90 years ago ? Scattered like chaff through Europe, those who had escaped the days of September and the weeks of the Terror. Living by strange shifts in the capitals of the Continent, many of them teacbing dancing and deportment and imparting the Parisian accent It was only an exceptionally accomplished one, each as young Louis Philippe Egalite, who conld I earn a living by teaching mathematics. It j would be dimcnlt to find in history a more : complete or more instructive illustration of I the working oat of two opposite systems and j their differing results. And it was the con servative policy which led to rain and1 destruction, the dread echoes of which are : still sonnding tbrongh the world, and it was ; the progressive, concessive one which con-, ducted to stability and secure prosperity. There is a risk of appearing either very obtuse or very presumptuous in declaring that a wide-spread feat is absolntely destitute of justification. It is more to the purpose to try to understand under what conditions such a feeling has arisen which has nothing In reason and nothing in experience to sup port it. I believe that no feeling by which men's mindB are acted upon can be more utterly wanting in anything like rational warrant than the dread of danger to the best and broadeBt interests of life from the spread of democracy. But it by no means! follows that the feeling is unnatural. It has its roots in the doubts and timidities of hnman natnre, the shrinking from the new, and tbe dread of the unknown. The two great elements which have raled the political destiny of mankind are the necessity of pro gress and the instinct of conservation. That quality of the unknown, if.it causes dread to the timid, attracts tbe bold and the hope ful. The love of progress has always had the sanguine, the resolute, the enterprising part of mankind on its; side. They have been the motive power in shaping the deBtiny of the world, and in conquering civilisation from chaos. The timid and donbtfnl have rendered useful bnt more humble service as brakes on the wheel, or say " governors" on the engine, to check a; speed that might be dangerous to stability. So has It been, so must it be. Their way of viewing tbe question, however, can only be a. secondary one. It has no elevating, enlarging ideal. It ean give nothing to humanity, since1 it has nothing to give. That which stands to> it in the place of an ideal is rapidly and con* stantly elidiBg from the present into tbe irre vocable past, to which no return is possible. Perhaps this distrust of the future has more' in it than this. Tbe great movement sweeps with it many who go reluctantly, and who,; since they cannot hinder the current, find re-; lief in denouncing its coarse and itegoal.! It is only in accordance with poor human j nature that a man who feels his personal; importance or the collective importance of; his class lessened by a great change should believe that the change is A perilous and! threatening one. Perhaps all he sees in it is; its effect on him and hiseturroandinge. The! heavy shower is spoiling bis new hat, and ; dimming tbe lustre of his coat, and he thinks! that its effect is simply destructive. He sees; nothing,of the grass that is springing, and tbe flowers sad leaves; that are expanding under its beneficent inunenoe. And. to return to our starting point, there is much in common between the fear of seieneoand the dreed of democracy. Both, Indeed* spring from the one root, the want of feith in humanity. They both show a deficient appreciation of the wonderful aptitude of humenityfor helping _ itself* ior snftc&ng; ^into ItaeH^j for shaping its own destiny, en constantly to higher, lasses., They faff to take account of mankind's wondenul elas ticity of power and resoncoe, and pf its!1 capacity of discovering light and guldanoe when all Is at tbe darkest, v All this is very! much a matter of temperament There is j more of temperament-m it than opinion.! Thoee'Vrbo tan intelligently look, on So' the) future; sea and xeoognise nU ffsperffs**na with all preserve nasbekentbeir tewit in (the ewsr of humanity to iSioend Soa higher and Iter future, iu aodoing prove their sjftrifoal Unship with .thsisnen (Whose, toils japd heroism ih the 4*et redeemed] the from d&tkneM; and savagery, gate us dviUution and freedom and science, without asking ot caring what perils the; brought in their train and in many waya gave their Uie and Ubouta to soften and elevate the lot of mankind, 