Fiction. Robbery Under Arms. [By Rolf Boldrewood.] Chapter XXIV. Oar first try-on in the coach line was with the Goulburn mail. 'We knew the road pretty well, and picked out a place where they had to go Blow and couldn't get off the road on either side. There's always places like that in a coach road near the coast, if you look sharp and lay it out before hand. This wasn't on the track to the diggings, but we meant to leave that alone till we got our hand in a bit. There was a lot of money flying about the country in a general way where there was no sign of gold. AH the store keepers began to get up fresh goods, and to send money in notes and cheques to pay for them. The price of stock kept dealers and fat cattle buyers moving, who had their pockets full of notes as often as not. Just as you got nearly througtt Jiargo urusa on me oia road there waB a stiflish hill that the coach passengers moBtly walked up, to save the horses— fenced in, too, with a nearly new three-rail fence, all ironbark, and not the sort of thing that you could ride or drive over handy. We thought this would be as good a place as we could pick, so we laid out the whole thing as careful as we could before hand. The three of us started out from the Hollow as soon as we could see in the morning; a Friday it was, I remember it pretty well — good reason I had, too. Father and Warrigal went up the night before with the horses we were to ride. They camped about twenty miles on the line we were going, at a place where there was good feed an 1 water, but well out of the way and on a very lonely road. ? There had been an old sheep-station there and a hut, but the old man had been murdered by the hutkeeper for 6ome money he had saved, and a story got up that it was haunted by his ghost. It was known as ' the murdering hut,' and no shepherd would ever live there after, so it was deserted. We weren't afraid of shepherds alive or dead, so it came in handy for us, as there was water and feed in an old lambing paddock. Besides, the road to it was nearly all a lot of rock and scrub from the Hollow, that made it an unlikely place to be tracked from. Our dodge was to take three quiet horses from the llolbw and ride them there, first tiling-; then pick up our own three - Rainbow and two other out-and-outers — and ride bang across the Southern road. When things were over we were to start straight back to the Hollow. We reckoned to be safe there before the police had time to know which way we'd made. It all fitted in first rate. We cracked on for tho Hollow in the morning early, and found dad and Warrigal all ready for us. The horses were in great buckle, and carried us over to Bargo easy enough before dark. We camped about a mile away from the road, in as thick a place as we could find, where we made ourselves as snug as things would allow. We had brought some grub with us and a bottle of grog, half of which we finished before we started out to spend the evening. We hobbled the horses out and let them have an hour's picking. They were likely to waut all they could get before they saw the Hollow again. It was near 12 o'clock when we mounted. Starlight said, *' By Jove, boys, it's a pity we didn't belong to a troop of Irregular Horse, instead of this rotten colonial Dick Turpin business, that one can't help beintr ashamed of. Hodson or Jacob would have been delighted to have recruited the three of us, as we ride, and our horses are worth best part of ten thousand rupees. What a tent-pogger Rainbow would havemnde, eb, old boy ?' he said, patting the horse's ncck. ' But Fate won't have it, and it's no use whining.' The coach was to pass half-an-hour after midnight. Au awful long time to wait, it seemed. We finished the bottle of brandy, I know. I thought they never would come, when all of a sudden we saw tho lamp. Up the hill they came, slow enough. About halfway up they stopped, and most of the passengers got out and walked up after her. As they came closer to us we could hear them laughing and talkin' and skylarkin', like a lot of boys. They didn't think who was listening. ' You won't be so jolly in a minute or two,' I thinks to myself. They were near tbo top when Starlight sings out, ' Stand ! Bail up ! ' and the three of us, all masked, showed our selves. You never Eaw a man look so scared as the pas senger on the box-seat, a stout jolly commercial, who'd been giving the coachman Havana cigars and yarning and nip ping with him at every house they passed. Bill Webster, the driver, pulls up all standing when he sees what was in Starlight's hand, and holds the reins so loose for a minute I thought they'd drop out of his hands. I went up to the coach. There was no one ineide, only an old woman and a young one. They seemed struck all of a heap, and couldn't hardlv speak for fright. The best of the joke was that the passengers started run ning up full split to warm themselves, and came bump against the coach before they found out what was up. One of them bad just opened out for a bit of blowing. '? Billy, old man,' he says, ' I'll report you to the company, if you crawl along this way,' when he catches sight of mo and Starlight, standing still and silent, with our revolvers point ing his way. By George ! 1 could hardly help laughing. His jaw dropped, and he couldn't get a word out. His throat seemed quite dry. ' Now, gentlemen,' says Starlight, quite cool and cheer ful-like, ' you understand her Majesty's mail ia stuck up, to use a vulgar expression, and there's no use resisting. I must ask you to stand in a row there by the fence, and hand out all the loose cash, watches, or rings you may have about you. Don't move; don't, I say, sir, or I must fire.' (This was to a fidgetty, nervous man who couldn't keep quiet.) ' Now, Number One, fetch down the mail bags ; Number Two, close up here.' Here Jim walked up, revolver in hand, and Starlight be gins at the first man, very stem : ' Hand out your cash ; keep back nothing, if you value your life.' You never saw a man in such a funk. He was a storekeeper, we found afterwards. He nearly dropped on his knees. Then he handed Starlight a bundle of notes, a gold watch, and took a handsome diamond ring from his finger. This Starlight put into his pocket. He handed tho notes and watch to Jim, who had a leather bag ready for them. The man Bank down on the ground ; he had fainted. He was left to pick himself up. No. 2 was told to shell out. They all had something. Some had sovereigns, some had notes and small cheques, which are as good in a country place. The squatters draw too many to know the numbers of half that are out ; So there's no great chance of their being stopped. There were eighteen male passengers, be sides the chap on the box seat. We made him come down. By the time we'd got through them all it was best part of an hour. . 2 pulled the mail-bags through the fence, and put them under a tree. Then Starlight went to the coach, where the two women were. He took ofi his hat and bowed. ' « Unpleasant necessity, madam, most painful to my feel ings altogether, I assure you. I must really ask you — ah — is the young lady your daughter, madam ?' ' Not at all,' eays the oldest stout middle-aged woman, '' I never set eyes on her before.' ' Indeed, madam,' says Starlight, bowing again, 'excuse my curiosity ; I am desolated, I assure you, but may I trouble you for your watches and purses?' ' As you're a gentleman' said the fat lady, 'I fully ex pected you'd have let us ofi. I'm Mrs. Buxter, of Bobbra wobbra.' ' Indeed ! I have no words to express my regret,' says Starlight, ' but, my dear lady, hard necessity compels me. Thanks, very much,' he eaid to the young girl. She handed over a small old Geneva watch and a little purse. The plump lady had a lovely gold watch with a chain and purse to match. '? Is that all ?' says he, trying to speak stern. ' It's my very all,' says the girl, ' £5. Mother gave me her watch, and I shall have no money to take me to Down ing, where I am going to a situation.' Her lips shook and trembled, and the tears came into her eyes. Starlight carefully handed Mrs. Buxter's watch and purse to Jim. 1 saw him turn round and open the other Eurse, and he put something in, if I did'nt mistake. Then e looked in again. ' I'm afraid I'm rather impertinent' says he, ' but your face, Miss — ah — Elmsdale, thanks— reminds me of someone in another world — the one I once lived in. Allow me to enjoy the souvenir, and to return your effects. No thinks, that smile is ample payment, ladies. I wish you a pleasant journey.' lie bowed. Mrs. Duxter did not smile, but looked cross enough at the young lady, who, poor thing, seemed pretty full up, and inclined to cry at the surprise. ' Now then, is all aboard,' sings out Starlight, «'getin, gentlemen, our business matters are concluded for the night. Better luck next time. William, you had better drive on. Send back from the next stage, and you will find the mail bags under that tree. Tbey shall not be injured more than can be helped. Goodnight!' _ _ The driver gathered up his reins and shouted to his tram, that was pretty fresh after their 6pell, and went off like a shot. We sat down by the roaidside with one of the coach lamps that we had boned and went through all the letters, putting them back after we'd opened them, and pop ping all notes, cheques, and bills into Jim's leather sack. We did not waste more time over our letter-sorting than we could help, you bet — but we were pretty well paid for it — better than the post- office clerks are by all accounts. We left all the mail bags in a heap under the tree, as Starlight told the driver, and then, mounting our horses, rode as hard as we could lick to where Dad and Warrigal were camped. When we overhauled the leather sack into which Jim had stowed all the notes and cheques, we found that we'd done better than we expected, though we could see from the first it wasn't going to be a bad night's work. We had £370 in notes and gold, a biggish bag of silver, a lot of cheques — some of which would be sure to be paid ; seven gold watches, and a lot of silver ones — some pretty good. Mrs. Buxter's watch was a real beauty, with a stunning chain. Starlight said he should like to keep it himself, and then I knew Bella Barnes was in for a present. Starlight was one of those chaps that never forgot any kind of promise he'd once made. Once he eaid a thing, it would be done, as sure as death — if he was alive to do it ; and many a time I've known him take the greatest lot of trouble, no matter how pushed he might be, to carry out something which another man would have never troubled his head about. We got safe to the Murdering Hut, and a precious hard ride it was, and tried our horses well — for, mind you, they'd been under saddle best part of 21 hours when we got back, and had done a good deal over a hundred miles. We made a short halt while the tea was boiling, then we all separated for fear a blacktracker might have been loosed on our trail, and knowing' well what bloodhounds they are sometimes. Warriga and Starlight went off together as usual; they were pretty safe to be out of harm's way. Father made off on a line of his own. We took the two horses we'd ridden out of the Hollow, and made for that place the shortest way we knew. We could afford to hit out ; horseflesh was cheap to us, but not to go slow. Time was more than money to us now — it was blood or next thing to it. As it turned out we all got safe into the Hollow beforo dark; pretty well tired out tho lot of us was. We didn't wait long after we'd had a mouthful to eat before we laid ourselves on the cave floor and were soon as fast asleep^ as overtired men could be. We slept till the sun was high next morning, and then we had a general look over the plunder. It was an out and out good night's work, in one sense— wc had more than a hundred pounds each clear. There had not been much hard work about jt either ; any fool almost could have done it as well as we did, barring tho riding. Wo mightn't always come off as well, of course; but there was no doubt we'd played our ace this time, and won the odd trick. What a row there would be all over the country side when the news got into the papers. W e felt quite keen tc see all about it ourselves. It was rather a rum go, wasn't it, taking it easy after breakfast at the Hollow, and reading the papers like swells, with a full, true, and particular account of how the ' mail coach was stuck-up at ? Stony Pinch, Bargo Brush, by three mounted men, masked and armed ; £500 in notes known to have been taken from the passengers and mail-bags. How much more it was, of course, for the present, not possible to say V' We used to see things like this afterwards sometimes once a week. Many a pleasant queer morning's reading they gave us at the Hollow. We didn't go out, of course, for a, week or so. We were safer where we were than anywhere in Australia, aB long as no one found out our secret. But we sent out W arrigal a day or two afterwards, and he managed to pick up a newspaper. Here was what they said — ' The mail coach stuck-up and robbed at Stony Pinch, Bargo Brush, by three armed bushrangers.' ' Indeed says Starlight, ' did they think we'd go un armed ? Now, for the rest of it,' and he read it out — Jim and I standing bv, and Father Bmoking away as usual, with old Cribb near his feet. He cocked up first one ear and then the other, 'as if he took it all in. He knew a lot, that old dog. ' Wc regret to bo compelled to inform our readers that another of those outrages which are not only a reproach to our country but a disgrace to civilisation took place on last Saturday morning. The southern mail was robbed near the top of Stony Finch, a hill the gradient of which compels slow driving. The coach had nearly reached the summit when three men, splendidly mounted, and fully armed, called upon the driver, Mr. William Webster, to pull up, under pain of death.' ('Heonlv wanted one to tell him,' says Starlight, ' and then he nearly dropped the reins.') ' There being no alternative, Mr. Webster, who is well known on the Southern road as a resolute and skilful driver, complied, but retained control of his horses. He was then ordered to throw down the mail bags, which he refused to do.' ('There's a cracker. Well done, Master Bill says Jim.') 'Upon which the principal robber, as ho appeared to be, ordered one of the others, addressing him as No. 1, to take the bags out, which, was accordingly done, the other man riding up and keeping his revolver pointed at the passengers, who had been walking up the hill, and now arrived on the soene, much astonished at the position of affairs. They were all ranged up along the fence, and compelled to part with their loose cash, watches, and other valuables. Noresistance ap peared possible, as the robbers never relaxed their vigilance for a moment. Two ladies inside the coach were both de prived of their watches and purses : but we are informed that the leader returned one lady's effects in the most polite manner. From this act of gallantry and from a certain Claude Duval mannerism exhibited by him on this occasion, we can have little hesitation in designating him as the noto rious Starlight, who, with Richard Marston, made his escape from Berrima gaol a short time since. The third man will probably be James Marston, for whom a warrant is out, but who has hitherto eluded justice. The police are in pursuit.' ' So they think they have found us out,' says Starlight, throwing Sown the paper. ' It wasn't much use being masked after all. They can't be sure, though, and that's the great point. We'll get up a report that some fellows are taking up Starlight's line, and that he and the Marstons got safe off to San Francisco. 'Well, we're beyond the reach of want now ; that's one comfort. We'll make a dash in another direction next time, so as to throw them off the scent. How one enjoys a cigar this morning ! I really feel unequal to the smallest exertion now the excitement's over.' We might be able to take it easy, but tho police were not, from all we could hear. They were abused in Parliament, and people said, which they felt worse than anything, that they were not half as good as the Victorian police. Then they were harassed by their officers, ordered to camp out for 'weeks, and do things they had not been used to — to send in reports of what they had done day by day, till they were sick of the very name of bushrangers and mail robberies, j What riled them most, there waB a thumping big reward offered (five hundred pounds) for Starlight, and two hun dred and fifty pounds for each of the two Marstons, or other men who might have been with him on the night of the eaid robbery, and no one could claim it. Then the weather broke, and it turned into one of the wettest and wildest seasons ever known in the country. The rivers were up bank high and over, while all the little creeks that were next to nothing to cross generally were like rivers themselves, and people were drowned crossing them every day. The excitement about the gold kept up, and rOBe higher, too. There was plenty of it everywhere, it seemed. Many and many's the time Jim and I repented in our hearts that we had not been ready to take advantage of it, like other men that we knew that were making their hundreds and hundreds of pounds at the Turon — all honest and on the square. It was just the life that would have suited me and Jim ; the excitement and fun and change that we'd been spoiling for all our lives, and now, when it did come, and helped lots of chaps like us, and made men of them, we were not able to touch it, because we'd shut ourselves out by our own fault and nothing else. It did make us mad at . times, there's no doubt, but it was, like a lot of other j things, too late— always too late ! It didn't matter much to ub at the Hollow what the season was like — wet or dry, cold or hot. Our two creeks had a sort of outlet into a big limestone cave at the low end of the valley, when they wont underground and disappeared. We did not trouble ourselves about what became of the waters afterwards ; tho' Starlight, who had read a lot, though he didn't talk about books, said it flowed on in a kind of underground river, and came out at a lower level a long way off. Anyhow, it seemed to drain off easy enough whatever rain fell, and, though it boiled and bubbled going into the cavern, it never seemed to fill up and flood over ; a power of water must have gone that way too. We got word now and then from Aileen to let us know how things were going on at home. She hadn't the heart to write much, but she sent a few lines from time to time to where father told her to, and some of the chaps in his pay left it where Warrigal could get it and so it came round to us. She told us that the police came to our place early in the morning, the day after we had left, when Billy the Boy gave us the tip. They were there before daylight, and watched and waited about till near evening, when they came down to the house and searched, and then went away quite disappointed. They were very civil, and didn't say anything to vex mother or her m any way. They eaw the tracks, but they couldn't make head or tail of them, and ran out Billy's a good way. They had been back again, she said, a large party this time, with Sergeant Goring and a black tracker, after the mail robbery ; but, of course, as there was no track except George Storefield's, who bad been over as usual to see them, they couldn't find any. They didn't stay long, just took a circle round and up the gully, and went away again. 