AFTER DARK IN BOURKE STREET. BY DR. GRUNDY IV— 7IG1ITM AN , M.l,'. Oil thnt whites, degrees, nail ollleos Wero not iler lveil oorruptljr ; nail that elear honor Wero iiurehsseil hy the uiorit o( the wearer I Murchant of Venice, Act 11, so 9. Nut lo know Tighlman, M.F., is not to know tlio springs thnt havo moved tho publio lifo of tlio gonorntiou now passing boforo your oyos, Not to kuow 'l'ightman, M.l1,, is not lo know tho glory of Bonrka stroot nftor dark ; tho ovoning star of wisdom, thnt rises, ono may say, whon tho suu of tho dinnor- tabio is sot, remains abovo tho horizon for tho wholo of tho bewitching hours of pleasure, attains its zonith about tlio timo wbonsohor monkiud is thinking of bod— or perhaps nlittlo Intor— and siuka to rest nt last in what may bo callod nn oconn of whisky nud wntor, wliou thoro no longor remains anybody nwako who can bo farther enlightened, Thero is no ono so ready to oxplain any thing and everything to tho noophyto as Tigbtman, M.P., who scorns to koap looked in his manly bosom thoso wolls of wisdom and experience which ariso therein. Do but put yourself into tbo hands of Tighlman, Lot him groaso bis passage, so to spook, with a little mild stimulant, and, in tho flood of his oloquonco,. all tho mud of your ignorauco will bo swopt awny. You will find out why Sir Goodman Twoshocs, despairing of obtaining Tightumu's ollcgianco if ho re-entered tho political world, wout to Enropo and stayed thoro, You will hoar why no coalition is poasihlo between 'tho honorable Simon Tweodlodum and tlio bouorablo Jonah Twocdlcdoo. You will loam tho reason that comjiollod tbo Com missioner of Bavingstouos to iusist upon having an inquiry into tho qunrrol botwoon himself and old Tommy Grindor , aftor aivoar- ing that lie never would cousont to such an iniquitous insult. In short you will ascertain that it was tho omnipotent infiuonco of tho ubiquitous Tigbtman tbat inado thoso odds evcu, aud vice versa. Whon my host of tho Silver Fawn dosconds his broad staircaBO aftor dinnor to watch from tho wido opon door of his groat hostolry the lighting of tho lamps in Bourko streot, and to muso bonovolcntly upon tho nncomfortablo condition of tho unfortu nates who have boon compollod to dine aorno- whero olso, you may sco closo behind him, or just at his olbow, Tigbtman M.L'.— that is, if Tigbtman happons to bo in town and dison- gagod. Tigbtman, liko many of bis follow members, has a wiso and enduring affection for tbo Silver Fawn, and may bo Been in all: his glory thoro on thrao ovouings out of ovory four, at soiuo timo or another. Indeed, how Tigbtman finds timo; to coach Tup ail tbo Treasurers in succosBion, to supply Mr Minimus with all tho figuroB ho quotes so lavishly, to initiate and conduct half tho intrigues that go on, and to discovor and dofcat tho othor half, is a ' matter of abmo wonder to thoso of us who kuow tho orbit in which ho revolves. Wo know, of courso, on tbo best of authority, that ho prompts all tho speakers who say anything important, and suggests tho motions that shapo Legislation. Knowing this, it is easy to oxcuso his silonco io tbo House, especially as his raadinoss outside it shows that ho has plonty to say if ho decided to say it. Tho only cluo I can snggest to the myatory is that Tightman requires whisky hot and a cigar to dovolop his oloquonoe com fortably, and finds tlioso refreshments un attainable within tho walls of tho Legislative Chambor, .."Mark ray words, sir," says Tightman, M.P, " wo shall sweep tho country, sir, at tho noxt election. I havo nothing to say, sir, against tho men who are in ; on tlio 'contrary, but for tbs bint I gavo to ths Premier when tho Govomor had given him a cbaneo, ho novor could havo formod a Cabinet at all, ' Don't bs disheartened,' I said to hiui at tho ond of tho first day, whon lie hadn't the ghost of a colleague. ' Tako a suck atthobottlo, and at 'era again.' Gcod that, isn't it 7 Ingoldsby, isn't it Only my joko, of courso. ' Go to Torakins,' I Raid, I did, sir, on my word. ' Go to Tomkins,' that'd what I told him. 1 Tomkins !' soys ho. ' Why, my dear Jack ' — ho always calls mo Jack bocnuao my name's Tightman—' Why, my dear Jack, Tomkins ha3 sworn an oath never to join anyGovernmont until Jemmy Glaa- gow returns from Patagonia,' 'Go to Tomkins', I said for tho third timo, quito cracular, as ono may say ; and ho did. And now, sir, was not I right? Was not Tomkins tho vory first man to join him ? Did not ho, as I may say, act as tho magnet that attracted all tho rosl ? Protty similo, that, sir ! hoy ? TomkiuB, magnot. You sco? Yes, woll— I don't euro if 1 do. No— its my call this time. What shall it bo ? Oh, woll, if you insist I Samo old poison, Charley— Horo's toyo— Slantha!" Refreshed and stimulated, Tightman goes on again, and you' loarn not only tho indebt edness of tbo public mon to Tightman for ideas, language, colleagues, figures, votes, and general assistance, but also to your groat snrpriso that thoso yon havo thought tho most iudopondout are undor tho doopest of uiutorial obligations to Tightman, M.P. « Lout oight of 'om thoir dopoeit money, sir. I did upon my.aoul, fivo yoara ago. Only ono of thom paid mo back. ' Win their elections?' Rathor, I novcr loso an election, nor do any of what I may call my party. Not oxactly. No, sir. I can give you a list now of tho mon who will bo returned at tho next gonorai oicction, and I'll back myBolf for auy figure you liko to nomo tbat I won't bo out of my rookoning in more than two soats. Why, sir, whon littlo Bunkum como to mo with a list of two hundred and four candidates, I crossod through all tho losors, and Toft"tilO--winners, names standing. Littlo Bunkum; knows mo of old. Indeed, I got him bis billet as oditor of tbo Southern Trumpot, and ho priuted my list ready to stick in tho numbers, and wrote his leading articlo condoling with tho country ovor tho ruinous arid doplorablo results of tbo gonorai olection two dayo boforo. Fact, sir; and what was tho .consequence? Why, sir, wo wero sitting bore in this very room) getting tho returns, and just ns the vory last camo in, Littlo Bunkum gavo a wink to tho boy. In thirteen minutes, sir, tho Southorn Trumpot was boing oribd up and down Bourko-atroot with a oomploto list of tbo now Parliament, and a loading artioia a column and a half long, showing the effect tho eloctionswould havo upon tho country. Smart, sir? I should think it was. Sovonty thou sand copies of that iisuo of tho Southorn Trumpot wero sold, and if you forgot tho cir cumstances you may soo Messrs Dot ond Car- ryono'a certificate to the faot by looking up tho files in tlio Publio Library," When Tigbtman, M.P., has got thus far ho generally likoa a walk, and his aoourato know- lodge of tho local history of tho town is safe to bo displayed for your benefit boforo you got far. "Seo'.tbis oyster shop, sir? .That shop, sir, stands on tho site of tho spot wharo the vory first roly-poly pudding that ovor was mado in Melbourno was made, and rollod, and boiled, Yob, sir, Thero was a big tree horo, just where tho door is, ond ono groat root ran right up there, along tho countor. My father, sir, had his hit of a hut, ns I may oall it, just there at tho back, and wo riggod up a boilor outsido on tbo spot where you soo that rod curtain. I said I'd try my hand at a rolypoly puddiug that day, and I did ; and Captain Choker and Dickoy Slam, who wore tlio first ivliila uicu , tasto relypoly pudding in Molbourno, di,,', witli us. Yes, sir, and I afterivnrds |ll0 what it was to tako lliico hundred pounds a siuglo day mi that Rpot ; and I sold it J" for fourteen thousand livo hundred ' ,1 levonty-thrco pounds." 11 It is not gonorally known that Tightman M.l'., started most of tlio nowspnpors now existing iu Molbourno, and nlao thoir pred, coseors ; that ho built all tlio thoatroshut oim. founded tlio fortunes of nil tlio malingers w| ' havo over mado money, and gavo such advico to others as would havo saved thom fro, disostor had thoy followod it ; nud, ns there is a rcgrottablo disposition upon tlio part o those ungrateful porsons to ignore thoir obligations you novor can know thoir roal history unlii yon mako tho acquaiulauco of Tightinsn "Yes, sir, Copulet is a good singer i0v collont I may. say; plump, but I dou't'oh- joct to that mysolf, Wonder that t|10v havo only just found it out. Told 'om how it would bo, sir, two years ago. What you want for Molbourno, I said, is grand opera in Hull. That's tho lickot. Not but what opom bouflfo 1b an oxcollcnt tiling in its way. iutro ducod it horo, sir. Wont down almost on my knees to Crowdor boforo ho would bring out an opera bouffo. At last I got indignant win, him. 'Look bore, air,' I said, 'you berg,, with opera bouffo, and I'll deposit a thoussu i ' pounds toward your cxponsos, and ton tiiou- sand more, sir, if it's wanted.' Fnct, Bir I Thou ho gavo way. j'a know I meaut business. 'Fail?' B;r oortainly not. I novor fail. «i„ y,. bright etc. 1' You know tlio real. No s,r fail ib' not in my vocabulary. Thoy all know that, Did tho Brick Kiln fail? or tho Wasps' Neat? or 'tho Harosfoot Club? All of my originating, sir, ovory ono of thom. So'a tlm Victoria Wharf, and tho Blucstono Bonded Store, and tho Eli/.aboth Stroot Drain, aud Boxoiby Brothers ond Company," Tightman had sorno money onco, un doubtedly, ' and may havo somo now for all anybody knows. Ho is too tiroaonio to ha omlitrablo if ho did not pay his own way in tho ioDg run. But ho does not part with his cash roadily now, whatovor ho may havo dono in tho long, long ago, and tho best way to got rid of him whan his fascinations pall upon you is to prnpoao to join him in some speculation which ho has jnst pointed out as tho vary thing for which all Melbourno is pining. Then will Tighlman M.P., with no loss of cordiality, but with a very porcoptiblo tremor, discovor that lie is wautod at tho Houso,to sotllo tlio difficulty lis- tween tho members for Woodlands andSwamp- moro, or for somo equally pressing purpose olsowhore. You loso him at onco anyhow, and tho noxt time yon soo Tightman you foel that you have sunk into ono of tho com mon herd, Ono of tho poopio probably whoso, fortunes ho has mndo, or would bars mado, if thoy would havo let him. But to sco Tightman, M.F., in nil his glory yon must moot him whon lie is Bhowing tlio sights of Molbourno aftor dark to a deputation of bis constituents. Thon do you riso again in his estimation, for yon aro a fresh porson to bo played off upon thoso interesting rustics. Bices us, what a noiso there is 1 " Sly oxcollcnt friend tho Frosidont of tho Shiro of Smudgoly, sir, "soys Tightman. "Mr Councillor Bluff, tir, Mr Councillor Blow, 'sir, Sir Bodgor, tho Secretary for tho Shiro of Smndgcly, Bir." Thoro is groat fun at tho Silver Fawn on those occasions. Not a room in tho hotoi is splendid onotigh for BInff and Blow, who livo in woatberboard houses in tlio bush; and nothing on the table is giiod enough, inTigbtman's estimation, for Bodgor, who having ten children and two hundred a yoar is probably accuBtomod to plain fore.Tho dUtinguitbcu quartette aro escorted by Tight- man to front scats at the theatre, and are kept awako hours after thoir usual bodtima by thnt ingenious person's storms, nnd suppers Dovotcdto bira ? Of course thoy are. lias ho i ot hinted to tlio President of Smudgoly tli.it tho Cist office hojisks tho Ministry; for shall bo omething worth hoving for that eminent man's son, who is now fully twolve years and- n-lmlf old. Has ho not promised that Bluff's brothor-in law shall havo a stop up in the polico, and that Blow's daughters husband bo pushed forward in tlio post office?. Has ho not got ono of Bodgor's ten a toachership in a Stato school; and can Bodger with nino more to provido for, bo sufficiently grateful for thnt favor? Havo thoy not all, ovory ono of thom, shakon hands witli tho Proraior and with half tho Cabinet, and witli divers distinguished peoplo whom they novor could havo scon in Smudgoly ? Everyone of them will work for Tightman till ho drops at tho noxt election, and whon after two yenre' agitation Tightman can point out threo poitnblo schools, a new post office, acd a subsidy of pound for pound on tho Shire Council of .Smudgoly 's now track to Snndfiat-on-Sca his ro olcction is quito safo the next year, lot whojwill go iu or out, uo matter what question may burn in tlio bosoms of tlio great mon who lead tho fortuuos' of tho country. 