THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) FBoaussioK, odr Riaais, and ctm cieocbce& SANDHURST, SATURDAY, FEB. 2S 1SS2. THE SERPENTINE MEETING. The necessity for taking extraordinary steps {o supply an immense number of. the northern settlera with water ought not to arise next year. The people have it in their power to form extensive works for conservation, and it will bo their own fault if they are not in such an advanced state this winter as to secure a good supply for the summer months. At the meeting held at the Serpentine on Thursday, of which a report appeared in our issue of yesterday, it was re solved that a local trust be formed for the purpose of carrying out Messrs. Gordon and Black's Loddon scheme, with the exception of certain works which the Government is to be requested to executo. We have ul ways thought it would have been better that the Government should construct the head works; but the Conservancy Act has. pro vided otherwise, and the Minister states ex plicitly that he cannot go outside the law. At the same time, however, he does undertake to infringe the statute, in which it is expressly laid down that local trusts must be formed and plans prepared &nd; submitted to tH Government for approval before any works can be commenced, lie says that he «ill waive these conditions in the face of the extreme urgency of an early beginning, anil that, on application being made by shiro councils, he will be prepared to allow water works to be commenced forthwith, even before the plans are actually approved of by 1 the department. • He is willing that" the money available for loan by the Government shall be laid out immediately:" The inten-' lion is an excellent one of course, but it is manifest*that the carrying of-. it,out may bo attended with mischievous effects.,:-Plans may be faulty, and if once commenced with out coirectiqn, mauy grievous errors may be made, to rectify which very large sums of money may be-required.; Where Messrs. Gordon and Black's' plans are adopted there will be little or no danger of serious and expensive, blundering. , But. all the local bodies are not satisfied with those plans; and are desirous of substituting schemes of .their own. : However, Mr. Young has given his pro -mise,- and wherever. a desire preyails to proceed at once with works no impediment now stauds in the way. Mr. Young takes the responsibility , of the removal of obstacles i on his own shoulders, •believing-.that, in the circumstances, he will be condoned by. the Legislature. If he.can ignore'tlie Act in" 0110 particular, some .people, might think lie' might see his way' to depart from an. adherence to its provisions jn otliers. He feels, however, doubtless, tliathe;would thus be taking too much : upbn himself, and that there is a difference between_ elbowing off a corner of the statute''and'.'driving a coach and four right through it. 'Besides he appears to ; be personally averse to the construction of any of the" works by. the Government. He thinks the Ministry have done enough in initiating a system of water supply. ; He is reported to have observed that " it had been said if the Government constructed the. works themselves it would make them more popular. So it would; but it would not bo right, and any person stating that,the Government would do so was-misleading the people. It was an admirable cry, but the thing was impossible, for the colony would not agree to one section of the colony receiving a free gift for '-water supply when others were paying heavily for it." We confess we do not quite under stand. Mr. Young. The Yau Yean was constructed for the benefit of one section,' and who has-paid for that but thewhole people of the colony i And an enormous sum it has.cost them. That costly work is now being extended,, astpuch money having been appropriated for-' -the1 purpose as is proposed to be. lent,, for the con struction of works under the Conservancy Act. The Golibart scheme'and the Geeloug waterworks were carried out at the public expense also, and surely if it was wise thns to provide for the sections of the : colony benefitted by these systems of artificial water supply out. of the general'revenue, it will be difficult to show a -sufficient reason why anotliersection, wliichis absolutely threatened with utter ruin, should not be similarly dealt ,with. . It may:be too late to enlarge on', the argumeut now; and we axe merely, in con sequence of Mr. Young's remarks, supporting our contention during the time the question of country water supply was. under con sideration by the Legislature. • 4 ■ Young said at the Serpentine, " the present Government w^s the first one that ever propounded any scheme ior water supply." Of course he must have': been alluding simply to supply for the plains, beoausa the statement otherwise , would be entirely unjustifiable. Although we would not for a moment deny the Government whatever credit may be due to them for their endeayor to provide a ' system of con servation, we pan not concede to them the whole credit of initiation, .Jt vyas the kService Government- which set *, the matter a-foot by appointing a Conservancy Board. If they had remaiued in offioe tliey would have undoubtedly acted upon the reports of thiit board. We cannot pee then how the whole merit of the conception of legislation on the subject can be claimed by the present Ministry. It can be granted, however, that after a considerable .amount of urging, a desire has been shown-.by them to render the much-needed help to the selectors. If they have delayed ;.coming forward ijntil the eleventh ko\ir; still on the principle of better late than never they arc ontitled to thanks. ^Ve esteem it a matter for regret," therefore, that any cause should have been given by the Serpentine meeting to make Mr. Young feel as if he had com mitted ah act of intrusion. He deserved a better reception in his well-meaut visit. And we certainly think the meeting was too exigent in its demands. Ho agreed to strain the law in order to expedite the works, but he was asked to set it aside altogether, or very nearly so, for once the Government undertakes any of the works, the basis of the Act, which is tlio local government system, would be under mined, For this reason we cauuot see how Mr. Young could have taken any different course from what he did. It will bo, then, for those interested to con sider whether, by insisting upon the demand that the Bridgewater weir and some other works carried out by the Goveru mont, they are not seriously complioa ting matters and hindering ^r°oress^ sorry the Government should liavv. ie . own hands, but it is certain they can only loosened by the Legislature through an amendment of the Act which will entirely alter its main features. A Supplenmet is published with this morn ing's iEBue. The City Council Notice Paper. —The lengthy notice paper of the City Council, about whioh the public have heard so much from time to time, has at length been almost completely cleared. The paper lias for some time past been under the consideration of the public. works committee, and that committee yesterday re ported to the council relative to each item. To Or. Joseph, the credit is due of having made so satisfactory clearance of the lone; stauding business. £t will be remembered that, shortly after his election in August la.-it, Cr. Joseph ex pressed an opinion that the number of motions nod been allowed to aceunmlate to too great au ex^ut nod advised that steps should be taken to "reduce the length of the paper. After re peatedly referring to the (natter, Cr. Joseph succeeded in obtaining & promise from the public works committee that they would make- every endeavor to deal with the paper as soou con venient. The large number of communication" which were constantly being referred to the committee for their consideration, however, pre cluded the possibility of the committee dealing with the items until recently, and the report of the committee on the different proposed works was presented to thp council yesterday. Cr. Joseph was greatly pleased at the satisfactory result of his labours, and complimented coun cillors on the business like way m which they had disposed of the paper. The report has in volved the expenditure of several hundreds of pounds, and for a time at least, councillors will have to control their desire to expend money in their respective wards. The Assault on Constables Meade and Glavin.—It would be well for members of the larrikin class to pernse our report of the remarks which His Honor Mr. Justice Higin botham so forcibly, yet feelingly, addressed yesterday morning to the perpetrators of the recent assault uponConatables Meade and Glavin in M 'Ivor-street. His Honor expressed his sympathy for the prisoners, and his tone showed that he felt deeply what he said. After referring to the offence for which the prisoners were to suffer as dastardly, cruel, and unpro voked, he said it was unhappily only of a great many of a similar character which were of com mon occurrenpe in the colony. The administra tors of justice, however, had determined to use severo measures to pu5 theno offences down. His Honor, whose impressive denjeanor through out could not have failed to have arrested the attention of the most hardened oriminal, was listened to in. perfect silence by the prisoners and the whole court. Sandhurst Mining Board Election.—To day the election for the Sandhurst Mining Board takes place in the divisions of Sandhurst, Raywood, Heathcote, and Waranga. Voters are reminded-.that they muBt produoe thejr minor's rights on going ts the poll, V.K.O. Autumn Meutino. —t'his >-*ay »"«uk will commence the Autumn Meeting of the V ic torian Racing Club at Kleminnton. On the first day, Saturday, tile 4th March, thf principal events to be competed for are the Leger and Ascot Vale Stakes; for the former Darebin, Pell Mell, and Coriolaunis, are mostly fancied. On the Thursday following, 9th March, the great event of the meeting, the Australian Cup, will be run for." The:favorites at present for'this event are—Suwarrow, Hesperian, Sauuterer, Boaworth, Ween, and Wellington, On the Saturday, tho last ■ day of the meeting, the Nowjiiarket ftandicap and Steeplechase are to be run for. For the Newmarket Handicap Somerset, Surrey, The Ghost, Verdure, Tumult, Cremorne, and Tyropean, .have all received support. Mr. Alfred Joseph's weekly quotations are—frvni £1,000 to 3, to 10 Cup and Newmarket. Aus tralian Cup—10 to 1 ou the field, Newmarket Handicap—from £1,000 to SO on the field. The Hon-. Mr. Young at Inglkwood.— Our Inglewood correspondent says:—Tne hon. Mr. Young, Minister of Mines and Water -"Supply,* arrived here," accompanied by Mr. Langdon, M.L.A., on Wednesday evening. Ho was during his stay interviewed by some of our borough councillors, who requested him to have a town hall erected in connection with the •proposed new Government buildings. He replied that, having previously considered the matter, he could not agree to the project. He has, however, promised that a new post-olfice, composed of brick, shall be erected. On Thursday morning lie visited the present borough reservoirs, and listened to a project for the construction of a new one, but the council :u:d himself could not agree as to terms, and the matter for the preseut lies iu abeyance. He atter.war.dB visited the Serpentine, where ho was ^present-at*tlie Water Trust Conference, and promised, a deputation from the Swan Hill ShTrfe CKiincil that'he would agree to a grant of £150 .towards the reconstrHCtion of the Serpen tine weir, which lie had also inspected that morn . iug.,; He afterwards visiteil thdiCiuypanielpum ps, and expressed himself delighted with them. -He:-returned : to luglewood Tate in the even ing. - ' ■ . ' S6rs: Eyes.—The residents of tlie Plains, a correspondent- writes,' are' not .only suffering from want of water, but huhdreds'of them, both old and young, have the further infliction of sore eyes, and while the Government and others in authority are trying to relieve the distress caused,by the first named evil, ho thinks the people themselves might easily get rid of the" other, and the remedy which he has found effective is .washing the eyes with a stroug solution of salt and water, a heaped table spoon ful-'in a cupful of water. Wash several times a day, and iu three or four days the eyes will be quite well. 'Water1 ix Elevated Localities.—The boh. R. Clark yesterday waited upon the Secretary for Mines, to ask on behalf of a nuriiber of the inhabitants of Ironbark, Rae's Hill, aud California Gully, that steps might be taken to furnish them with a better and more constant supply of water than that which they are at present able to "obtain. " It" seems that the .request had , previously been referred to'Mr. Kemp, the local inspector, who reported that the water supply at Saudhurst was how better than it had been for some years past. Major Couchman stated that it was intended to connect the small reservoir behind Quarry Hill directly with the mains at Saudhurst, been carried out, there would be no less than four reservoirs assisting in the supply of the city audits suburbs, thus obviating any danger of the supply falling short. Mr. Ciark then suggested that another distributing reservoir should be constructed ou thesummitof Bell topper Hill (California Gully), but, in the absence of the Minister, the secretary Was unable to say anything definite as to that project. "Public Reservations.—Ac the Mining De partment yesterday Mr. R. Clark brought under .Major Couchman's notice a request contained in a letter from Mr, G..li. B. Steane," city surveyor, to the effect that as -soon, as the survey of Sandhurst was completed aud plans of the whole ^were available, steps should be taken to have all tho streets,'-spaces,: and watercourses— whether proclaimed or not—reserved from occu pation for residence under miners' rights, or business licences. , Mi.jor Couchman, in reply, said he believed that such reservations had been made already, He promised,, however, to look further into the matter, and to bring the appli cation before the Minister,'. , •. City Court.—The Mayor and Messrs. Andrew and Stamp, Js.P., "presided yesterday, and remanded the two larrikins Henry Dawson anI Frank Campbell on the charge of assaulting a Chinaman in June last till Monday next; The case against James Ah'Poo, for committing wilful and corrupt perjury on 20th January last, was dismissed. Mr. C. A. Smythe, in structed by Mr, Connelly, prosecuted, and Mr. Wrixon defended. In the debt case of J. Crowley v..It, .Wallace, mouey lent £4 10s., au order .was made with 5i. costs. Oue drunkard was fined 5s., in default 24 hours' imprisonment, Sandhurst Warden's Court.—Mr. Warden Webster presided yesterday. The application of W. R. Lane, on behalf of the Great Extended 'H.ercules Company, for lease 4,225, Victoria Reef, Long ' Gully, was' recommended, the warden,directing that overlaps .be excised aud a sluicing .race crossing the lease not to be interfered with. The application of W. Holmes; for a l^aBe'on - Matthews'-'Reef, White Hills; was postponed. The oase of the Great Northern Company .v. Ohenney and, Brown, for trespass on lease No. 8,055, Goldea Pyke Reef, was then brought up. Mr. Kirby appeared for the com pany aud Mr. AY.' Brown for the defendants. After hearing the oase, the warden decided against the company, .with £9 costs, The case U reported elsewhere.The court then ad journed. 1 JBasd Meeting.—A.~. committee meeting of the"Sandhqrpt pity Drum,and Fife Hand, was held last night at the. V;bandrobm, Foresters' Hall. ; Two^ new. members were eleoted. A letter .was received from the Eister Fair Com :'mittee,, requesting a. delegate.,to attend at the meeting to be held at the Shamrock Hotel, 27 th inst., re Easter'Fair, it being resolved that the secretary, Mr. F. -Boffey, be appointed to attend. Death: Accelerated by Dynamite Fumes. \- An inquest was held yesterday regarding the cause of death of the miner, Nicholas Renant, who died suddenly at his residence, Honey suckle-street, on Thursday. The evidence of his brother-in-law, Andrew Boland, was to the effect that deceased and witness worked together in the Old Hustler's Reef Company's mine. On Wednesday afternoon they went to work in a place where the preceding shift had fired a shot a few minutes previously. The smoke had nearly cleared away. About two hours afterwards witness felt ill, as also did Renant. They both felt sick, and had headaches, About seven o'clock p.m., deceased knocked off work, and went home; witness continued his work. He was next informed that Renant died about two o'clock on Thursday afternoon. Ordinary blasting powder was used in the mine. The mine was well ventilated. The deceased vomited before he left the mine. On Thursday morning Dr Atkinson was sent for, but when he arrived at half past one o'clock, Renant was dead. Dr. Atkinson deposed that he had made a post mortem examination, and gave as his opinion that the cause of death was serous apoplexy. If the deceased had been a sound, healthy man, the powder fumes spoken of would not have seriously injured him. The fumes probably accelerated death. The deceased was not a healthy man when he went to work. The impaired nutrition of the brain, the great heat of the weather and the fumes would all tend to produce congestion of the brain and cause death. A verdict of death from serous apoplexy was returned. Too Many Interpreters.—The charge of perjury against the Chinese interpreter for the Sandhurst district, James Ah Poo, at the Police Court yesterday, brought forward no less than half a dozen Chinese interpreters. Each side had engaged an efficient translator of Chinese into English, One was brought by the prosecutor from Dunolly, aud another from Beechworth by the defendant. Another interpreter, named Ack Goon, not a prepossessing-looking individual, was instructing council for the prosecution, and was stated to be at the bottom of the whole affair. His intention was stated to get Ah Poo in gaol, so that he (Ack Coon) might take his place in the police courts. At the commence ment of the case each side wished to put in their interpreter, but finally the Dunolly man was chosen for the prosecution, and the other men were instructed to see that he interpreted pro- perly. When the defendant's witnesses were palled the Beechworth man was allowed to trans late. He proceeded for some time in fine style, and quite a scene occurred between the other interpreters. These latter complained to the Crown-prosecutor that the witness had said one thing aud the interpreter another, Mr. Smythe applied to have the interpreter removed, but tl..Q Bench declined to do so, as they considered there were too many interpreters in the case. " Watering tub Streets.—Great care will have to he exercised in the use of water for the streets during the dry weather, as the council has received a letter from the Water Supply Department suggesting that as little water as possible be used for the purpose mentioned. Bendigo Benevolent Asylum.—We have received the report of the committee of manage ment of the Benevolent Asylum and Industrial Schools, for the year ending Dec. 31st, 1SS1. The usual tables comprising the hon. treasurer's financial statement, medical officers' report, and other statistics are attached. The daily average of inmates, including children, during the year waa 205, and 230 families are at present re ceiving out-door aid. The condition of tho Industrial Schools is reported to be highly satis factory, „ ■ Hyde's Gardens.—Notwithstanding tho dry hot outnmer these gardens, in Charleston road, are looking remarkably well just now, there being a splendid and varied display of zinias in bloom, and alio pampas grass. Mr, Hyde notifies by advertisement $[}»t visiters wil} receive every attention,J Minis i'kkiai. Yisir to SAxwiuusr.^—Thy Miuister of .Public Y\ orka auil Water Supply paid Sandhurst a visit yesterday on his return From Inglewood. Ho visited several places in relation to difl'erent matters. .Mr. Young also made iuqniry respecting the large quantity of water which had been allowed to flow into Lake' Weerootia from the Spriug Gully reservoir, and was informed that it was water which is generally used for.sluicing and -irrigatim purpose*. "To day by tho noon train Mr. Young returns to Melbourne. A full report of his visit appears elsewhere. „ ^ VTATk'irTrains from Sand'Siurst.—ActTng' uuon instructions,' two-*water trains were yes terday despatched from tho Sandhurst station along tho Inglowood lino. The first left about live a.m,, aud reached Inglewood about Bix o'clock, carrying eighteen 400 gallon tanks of -water. The second was despatched, during the afternoon, "tho starting 'ot tho trains'"being regulated so as not to interfere with tho running of the .ordinary traius. By .tho Inglewood were sent up to hold the water where it is passenger train last night a number of largnfanks inteuded to be kept for tho relief of the sufferers through'the famine. Tho water for the trains was taken from the pipes laid on to the station, and, as was anticipated, tho heavy withdrawals from the station tauk a'Jected the pressure at the" pipes from which tho locomotives take th«ir supply. We understand that au order has been received by the stationmaster directing tho run ning of the water trains until further notice,' and at times which will'bo regulated as necessity demands. A Ciiinksk Interpreter Charged with Perjury,—Atthe PolieeCourt yesterday, James Ah Poo was charged,at the iustauceof Ah Soon,., with having committed wilful and corrupt perjury on the 20th-of January, whilst giving evidence in a larceny aud au assault case. Mr." C. A, Smythe, Crown prosecutor, instructed by Mr. Connelly, appeared: for the prosecution, 'and Mr. Wrixon for the defendant.' The'alleged perjury was that Ah Poo swore on the occasion that "I did not throw any dice on 12th Jauuary. I did not gamble at all, nor did I ses any one else throwing dice in the house, or in the back room. I saw no dice thrown at all on that day," Six witnesses were called for the prosecution, five of whom swore that Ah Poo did throw dice, and was gambling. For the defence an equal number of witnesses swore to the contrary. Serjsant YYebb gave the prisoner an excellent character, and the bench taking into consideration the contradictory evidence dis missed the case........ Royal Princess Theatre—The Australian Juvenile " Pinafore " Company appeared last evening before .a crowded house. The different solos by the juvenile performers were sung with £reat precision, and in many instances they had to respond to eucores. The limelight and ; mechanical effects all worked admirably, arid the performance altogether passed off-without a hitch. This is greatly due to Mr. P. Darby shire, who trained the juveniles. This afternoon a matinee will be given for schooli children. ThiR . afternoon and to-night the cast will be • slightly changed, Miss Flora Graupner taking the part of Josephine, and ; Miss" Dolly'Inman the Admiral, On Monday evening the com pany perform at Echuca.'. s Clearing away the Stains.—A remark which the prisoner John Cahill found guilty of unlawfully and maliciously wounding his wife made at the Assize Court yesterday, when asking his Honor to deal leniently with him, was exceedingly unique. The prisoner, after expressing his sorrow for his conduct, was giving reasons why he should receive a light sentence, and one of them was " that he had not cleared away the blood," referring to the blood which had flowed from his unfor tunate wife's wounds. He evidently meant that he had not endeavored to deprive the prosecution, of the evidence of the bloodstains, and for that piece of magnaminity wished, his sentence shortened. His Honor was for a moment or two dumb founded at the man's audacity, but judging from the sentence which he inflicted, the prisoner's plea for mercy, which by the way he repeated more than once as if he considered it a meritorious act, did not carry much weight. EARLY CLOSING. The subject of business houses closiug at 6 p.m. from t-He first of next ' month, is one to whioh the Early Closing Asso ciation should give attention, for we under stand that several of the leading drapery firms are in favor of such a course. On the 1st April next the six o'clock closing commences in accor dance with tho usual custom, but it has been pointed out that during the ensuing month little or no businass is done between the hours of six and seven o'clock. Stage Carriage Licenses.—The Mayor and Messrs. Andrew and Stamp, Jfs.P., yesterday granted a stage carriage license to William Lewis, to run from.' Elmore to Rnshwortb, Elmore to Corop, ■ Elmore to Mitiamo, and Rochester'to the Terrioks, An INMATE of the Bendigo Hospital named Thomas Brown, aged'36 years, admitted on 4th January, died yesterday frnm phthisis. 