SPORTING NOTES. Bx "Newmabket." A more suitable day than Safcurdaylastjfor the V.A.T.C. to hold their March meeting coiflij hardly have been imagined. The «op waobscdrfe, and the Stojj «m & S ' which -was blowing at Qaalfield seemed an agreeable oh ange to the heated atmosphere of the Oity, «nd rendeia y|sitio the Oaulfieid raoeoouree most, enjoyahw. " TEb course and 5® eortonhawgBi. nqtttriiti-tatiiing the coh- tm'a%odghf t icohed well, and the dry, bron gf ovfth pn the latfii ia gradually gitingplacB to f riesh young grass. The attendance, considering the attractive bill of fare which the club put forth, and the fact that there were no counter attractions, was very poor, and were it not that a large profit waB obtained from the two selling races, the meeting would have ended in a financial loss to the club— a club which, while endeavouring to promote horseracing, is doing its utmost to provide a cheap legitimate aftarnoon's amusement for the public. Too much praise cannot be accorded to the stewards for the prompt and decisive action they took with Mr. E. Weeks, an Indian horsedealer, who is a blustering fellow, and always ready to give an ilnasked- for opinion in language more forcible than polite, It appears that Weeks . backed Monitor for the Hurdle Race, and lost his money, and, while standing on the lawn, he questioned the decision of the judge in such violent language, that he was brought before the stewards and asked to explain his condnct. He pleaded that he was an ignorant man, and expressed sorrow for what he had done, -and the stewards, taking a lenient view of the case, only fined him £10, and allowed him fourteen days to pay the fine ; in default, to be followed by a twelve months' disqualification from the grounds. Other clubs might follow the ex ample of the V.A.T.C., and put a stop to the foul, language so readily indulged in by many of the Weeks kidney. The only accident to mar the pleasure -of the day was that which hefel Young Alfred,, who fell while run ning in the Hurdle fiaee, and broke his neck, a circumstance which entails great Iobb on his owner, Mr. S. Cook, as Young Alfred was a smart little horse .with a light weight over a mile and a half. Kilduff, the rider, received a severe shaking but /ortunately no bones were broken, and in a few days he will be all right again. Harp of Erin showed plenty of pace in the Selling Bace, and won easily by a couple of lengths. The Ghost, whose chances in a race appear to be as phantom-like as his name, was strongly supported by his sanguine party, who, considering their losses, must be endowed with an enormous amount of faith to stick with Jsueh pertinacity to such a cur. Glenorvan ran a game horse in the Hurdle Bace, for, through striking the second last hurdle heavily, he lost a lot of ground ; but Scobie, who rode with great coolness, seeing King ease Monitor, sent the son of Gleneoe along with sueh determination that he landed him a winner by a good head, though had King kept his horse going the result might have been otherwise. Syndicate had the foot of his opponents in the Separa tion Stakes, and went to the front early in the race and led all the way, Scipio being an in different second. After the "race the winner was put up by auction, and knocked down to Mr. Wilson, circus proprietor, for 140 guineas. The same gentleman also purchased Harp of Erin for 130 guineas ; and as each horse was entered to be sold for nil, the coffers of the club benefited to the extent of 275 .guineas, which will, in a measure, com pensate them for the meagre attendance. It is not often in racing annals that two full brothers each win a race on the same day, yet such a coincidence occurred on Saturday, Sir Joseph (the winner of the South Yarra Handicap) and Syndicate both being by Bethnal Green out of Phizgig. While taking their preliminaries for the South Yarra Han dicap, nothing looked or 'went better than Bar One, whose condition reflected credit on his trainer ; and although he ran with his customary gameness, he was beaten in the last few strides by Sir Joseph. Had BarOne won, there would not have been a more popular win, as the public know that they always get ! a fair run for their money when they back Mr. Beid's horses. Bar One has never won a race with over 7st on his back, therefore it is very evident he cannot carry weight. The Steeplechase was a chapter of ac cidents, and, owing to Sir Ewan's con tinued baulking and Squire's falling, was reduced to a match between Twilight and Actress. The weight had its effect on the Y.R.G. Autumn steeplechase winner, and Actress, who was patiently ridden by Batty, won comfortably at the finish. In John Peel Mr. Whitty possesses a smart, colt, and the decisive manner in which he treated his field in the Bichmond Handicap leads to the con clusion that he will be heard of again. In this race The Ghost, once more had the faith of his party, and once more betrayed them. After the race there was some talk of a pro teet against the. winner for crossing, but as be was always two lengths .in front, a protest could hardly come in. The club hold their next meeting early in May, and there is sure to be a liberal programme provided. A very successful meeting of the Yea Bace Club was held on Friday, 24th March. The day was fine, the entries large, and the attendance exceedingly good. Altogether, it was the most profitable meeting the club has ever held. For the Maiden Plate; a desperate finish between the ...first four horses resulted in Minnie being hailed - the winner, with Bainford second, and Alice third. Zephyr led her field a rare dance in the Yea Handi- caP» going to the front at the fall of the flag, never giving her opponents a show, and winning easilyby two lengths, Jannette and Springfield being second and third respect ively . The Selling Bales was won by. Jockey. The Hurdle Bace was won by White Hart, with _ Paddy .Crutch a good seeond, aud Evening Star third. In this race Kenumbra himself no severely that he died on reaching the township of Yea. Stockman walked over for the Second Selling Bace, and Jannette disposed of Springfield in the Con solation Stakes, thus ending a good day's racing. . entire racing stud of Mr. Duncan M Pherson, who intends visiting Europe, was disposed of on Wednesday last, at Kirk's .5?aJn , ®ata inB, by Glorious (imp.) ; bJ Stockweli (imp.), m L SrSf guineas, and rapidly ran to 900 guineas, at which price he was blocked down to Mr. SeWan. Bobbie Burns, by Panic (imp.) out of Lady Bird, by 1 Burns knit of t Young a Gdromandel secured cheap by Mr- Wagner fp47| guineas. Beyera l otherlots were disposed olancludinR Archduchess, Jby Lady Kirk out of f Maria Theresa; who was purchased by Mr. Donald- eon for 18 guineas. As this mare la full : sister to Sultan, the winner, of the, jew- market Handicap, she was dirt cheap At the price. £«jho of the number sold, viz., Polo naise (imp.), by Fahdango, dam by Sleight of-' hand, and Gunshot (imp ), by Rifleman, dam by Sleigbfi.of Band, realised 2 guineas each, certainly not a high price for thoroughbred imported brood mares, and some laughter was created when the auctioneer announced that the purchaser was " Squatter Bowe,'' of Oollingwood. Owners and trainers who intend visiting Deniliquin for the meeting on the 27th and 28th of April muBt bear in mind that entries close for the handicaps on Monday next, 3rd April. The opening meeting of the Victorian Trotting Association takes place to-day, when trotting in Australia will practically have its birth. This club has left tio stone unturned to make the track and the trotting arrrangements as complete as possible, and if the weather should only be fine there is sure to be a large number of visitors to witness the inaugural meeting of the club. The pro gramme, although only comprising three events, will provide plenty of sport, as each event will be run in mile heats, startle, Contractor, and the other cracks engaged are reported to be in good.form, therefore a visit to the V.T. Club ground on " Ail Fools' Day" is bound to be interesting. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. sold on Taesdpy, at Kirk's Bazaar, the right of dispensing refreshments, etc., at the Victorian Trotting Meeting on Saturday next, the 1st April, when the following prices were realised : — Grandstand booth, Mr. Grimley, £41; a permanent booth, Mr. Ellis, £14 ; the right of entrance to the ground for vehicles, Mr. J. Beardon, £8 10s. ; a booth site on the fiat, Mr. Straker, £21 « Vespasian, a thoroughbred sire, recently purchased in England by the Hon. J. White, for his stud in New South Wales, arrived in Sydney, by the steamship Sikh, after a safe passage. I alluded to this horse in a previous issue. He is the sire of Sir Thomas Elder's Tyropean, and as he possesses some of the most fashionable blood in England, he is sure to make a name for himself as a sire in the sister oolony. The weights for the Williamstown races, which are to take place on Easter Monday, were published on Tuesday, bat I fear that Mr. Vowles has started on too high a scale to ensure good fields. Jack heads the list in the Hurdle Bace with 12st 41b, Acrobat comes next with list 71b, but it is hardly likely that their owners will care to start them with that weight up ; and, perhaps, Zanga, with 10st 101b, will be best to trust. For the Altona Handicap, Sonneteer and Harp of Erinare each allotted 9st 21b; and Gonzago 8st 121b, but nothing looks so well in as Blantyre 7st 7lb ; as he is now in fair form, he should give a good account of himself. The Telegraph Stakes follow<, Sonneteer being top weight with list 91b. The handicap ranges down to Elfin Queen with 9st. In this race the winner is to be sold lor 50 sovs., and the Belling price is to be stated at the time of acceptance, when an allowance of 71b in every £10 redaction in the selling price will be made, and as I take it that nearly all the horses engaged will be entered to be sold for nil, Elfin Queen will perhaps win. Queen Mary has the modest impost of 9st 121b for the Galloway Stakes, the limit being "6st 71b. - For the Steeple chase, Intrepid is weighted at 12st 71b, next to whom is Cumberland (list) ; but of the lot, Actress, at lOst 101b, should be hardest to beat. Saunterer is again at the top in the Seaford Handicap, 8st 13lb being bis burden, Bar One being next with83t ; but Afghan (7es 4lb), Bandalbion (7st 2lb), and Elector (6st 7ib) seem best on paper,, aud if Afghan should be in anything like his Bendigo form. he should be hard to beat. Owners and trainers are reminded that acceptances for the different events on the programme of the Williamstown Bacing Club must be made either at Bowes's Australian hotel, Bourke street west, before 4 p.m., or at the Steampacket hotel, Williamstown, before 9 p.m., on Monday next, 3rd April. By cablegram I learn that the great steeple chase event of the world, the Liverpool Grand National, has been run and won. Mr. H. E. Linde's Seaman, by Zenophon — Lena Bivere, and his Cyrus, by Zenophon — darn by Newton le Willows, running first and second respec tively. Mr. Clayton's mare Zoe done, by New Oswestry — Miss Honiton, being second. It is somewhat strange that the first and second horses should be owned by the same gentle man, and got by the one sire. The winner, although not the favourite, was backed extensively, and was tipped by the sporting contributor of the Sporting Life. . Quite a large gathering assembled on Saturday last at the Band wick racecourse, to witness a three-mile trotting match, for £50 a-side, between Mr. Kelso's New- Ghum and Mr. E. Stephen's Master George, a pony who trotted, some months ago, at Boccacio Park, Brighton. The betting was in favonr of New Chum, who won rather easily, accomplishing | the distance in 9min. 53sec. At the conclu sion of this match, another was arranged between Mr. Gannon's Paddy and New Chum for £500 a-side, the formeryto concede the latter 200 yards start in three miles, the match to take place in about six weeks' time; £250 a-side has been deposited. When a match of such importance is on the tapis, the wonder is that our Sydney cousins do not see tfap _ necessity of. forming a trotting club similar to our own, when, by adding a few trotting eventB to their programme, £ they would make up a good day's sport, and be sure to attract a large entry from Melbourne. A mile race, for £50. aside, took place at Geelong on Saturday last, between J. Martin, of Geelong, the well-known pedestrian, and J. Seymour, of go-as-you- please fame. Martin was brought to the post in splendid condition, but Seymour looked as if two or three weeks' additional preparation would have done him an amdunt of good. However, his reputation as a first-rate mile runner was sufficient to induce a large number to visit the ground, in anticipation of a good contest. To a certain- extent their expecta tions were realised, " for, after a slow run, both men breasted the tape simul- : ar«i£ rn _ . 1 1 iw— mw judges gave it La bis favodr, though the other judge and the referees derided that the result was a dead heat. All amount of \ri-angling ensued, Martin wishiug to " run-off" at once, but this was refused by Seymour. Martin then walked over the track, claiming thatfa dead heat must be deoidedon the day cm which it occurs. There was no provisisn- made ha the articles for a dead li£at, and as the match was a private one, and does not come under' olvrb rides, the stakes- will be drawn. Another race will, no doubt, be arranged. A match for £100 a side took place on Thursday at Yorktown,. 8. A,, between the horses Wait-a- while and Ned Kelly. The distance was two miles add a half, and was Won easily in 5min. 2sec. by the bushranger. Wait-a- while is a Victorian horse, and was at one time in Mr.- B. Howie's stable at Ballarat. The Great Northern. Steeplechase course would appear to be unfortunate., for last year all the horses with the exception of Himalaya fell, and one — Sussex—was injured so severely that at one time it was thought that he would have to be destroyed ; and on Thursday last Mr. C. Filgate, who was riding Boebuck, received a nasty fall, and the home broke his neck. - Bird of Prey, recently purchased at the Sale races by Mr. S. Gardiner, has gone into Mr. F . F . Dakin's stable to be trained. Bird of Prey is a smart mare, and her defeat in j the Selling Bace by Speculator, considering the peculiar circumstances under which the race was run, has not in any way disgraced her reputation. All those desiirous of having a cut in for the good things provided by the Coleraine Bacing Club must bear in mind that entries for the Coleraine handicaps will close with the secre tary (Mr. H. Wells on Tuesday , next, 4th April. Fortunately for the enjoyment of the race -going public here, the Victorian police are not so strict in enforcing the observance of the Gaming and Lotteries Act as the 'guardians of the peace are in New Zealand. At the recent Wan- ganui races, no sweeps were allowed, and the visitors, not unnaturally, found the intervals between the races very tedious. No less a sum than £2,519 went through the totalisators. Sir Modred, who ran in the last Melbourne Cup, won the Town Plate ; and a filly named Gem, by The Painter, won the Sapling Stakes. Somnus, who was looked upon as such a good thing for our Derby, could got no nearer than third in the Flying Handicap. . At a meeting of the committee of the V.A.T.C., which was held on Wednesday last, the balance of the late meeting was shown by the secretary . to . be £330-in favour of the club, or £2,200 since J une last. The committee decided to erect a luncheon room 100ft. long, and over it a large room for. the ladies, embracing every convenience, a Governor's room, and another for members ; and in order that they may be finished 4 before the Ganlfield Cup Meeting, tenders will be called at once for their erection. The club are to be congratulated for their endeavours to study the convenience . and comfort of the visitors, and the public are sure to appreciate the. improvements, and by the time the Canlfieid Cap meeting takes place, all available accomodation will be taxed to its utmost extent, for it is only by making these gatherings attractive to the public (hat the .club can hope for success. ' The committee of the Victorian Trotting Club have liberally given two .stakes.. to be trotted for on the 15th of April next, on whicti day the well-known cracks Boccaccio and Von Moltke are to try conclusions. Mr.- A. Town's Bapid Bay secured first prize at the Hawkesbury Agricultural Show, which was held on Friday the 24th of March. Mr. Ivory's Sweetmeat was shown, and although he was in fine form, he was but too short a time off the turf to Show good condi tion. Mr. Towns also took first prize £or fillies, with Geraldine, who ran third to Palmyra in the Msribyrnong Plate in 1879. Morris Griffin, who was in the railway accident at Windsor oq the 18th inst., and had two of his front- teeth knocked out, and received an injury to his thumb, is getting on all .right again, and on Saturday last he paid a visit to a dentist, Vho has replaced the missing grinders, so therefore MorriB's" smile will lose none of its sweetness. The case of Mayo v. Dangar, arising out of the disqualification of Mr. John Mayo and his horse Elastic and the jockey Smith, for alleged fraudulent practices in connection with the Squatters' Handicap, run at Band- wick last spring, was disposed of by Mr.- Justice Manning on.Friday, the 2oth March, his Honour said from the first hearing of the case he had considered that the fact of ground being vested in trustees for public purposes, and then let to the jockey club, a strong point in the plaintiff's favoar, but that the Court of Equity was always confined in its jurisdiction to property, and in this case only in a very remote sense was property in question. He should leave the parties to. their common law remedy. As it was agreed that the question should be taken as for a decree, the bill would be die missed. Appeals against tbe decisions' of racing clubs invariably end disastrously for the appellant,' and it would be wise on the part of all those who are dishonest or unfor tunate enough to lend themselves to turf trickery to accept their disqualification with becoming grace. 