9h* Itetatttf Äomw, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S, 1882. Brisbane people have been proud of the Brisbane Hospital, anti the management of it has been regarded as efficient and econo- mical. When, therefore, some few -weeks ago reflections vere made upon the manner in -which the affairs of the institution -were conducted, most people thought that these sprung from a little fi-iction between some members of the committee and the resident medical officer, and the belief was indulged in that very soon this unpleasantness would pass away and all complaints be hushed. The cloud, at first no bigger than a man's hand, has not, however, dispersed. Instead of that it lias increased considerably, and the report of the sub-committee " appointed to inquire into certain irregularities supposed to be carried on in the hospital," now makes it evident that some reforms are much needed. ; ' Among the most prominent of these may be noted the reduction of expenditure for stimulants. The manner iu which this out- lay has i increased, cannot well be traced. By-the-way, we think there must be an error in some of the dates. The numbers of' patients given -are for June, July, and August, 1880 and 1882. The tables of con- sumption of spirits, wine, and ale are for 1881 and 1882. ,But as the sub-committee use the . figures for purposes of comparison and report to ,the committee "that the number of the patients is the same, except in August," the probability is that the Hat of patients and statement of consumption apply to the same year. If they did not, comparison would be out of question, and simply impossible. Assuming, then, that the figures are given for the sake of comparing year by year, what do we find? In the earlier year there were in the hospital for the- three months named 338 patients. These' consumed 4033oz. of spirits and wines, and 823 bottles of ale and porter during the period noted. In 1882 there were for the corresponding three months 349, inmates, ,but the quantity of stimulants had increased out of all proportion, the con- sumption being 12,164oz. of spirits and wines, and 1105 bottles of alo and porter. Here then we have 349 patients using over 12,000oz. of spirits in 1882, as against 338 being content with 4033oz. in a previous year, and the 349 have 282 more bottles of ale and porter than their 338 predecessors. The eccentricities of the supply for June, J uly, and August, 1882, are rather striking. In June whisky was in strong demand, as no less than 12GGoz. are set down for that month. By August faith in its power seems to have departed, for in that month only 185oz. were ordered. Gin jumped up from 82oz. in Juno to 120oz. in August, while in July it went down to 40oz. Alo was only in favour in June to the extent of 178 bottles ; in July it sprang up to 328, finishing up with August, when there were moro patients in the hospital, at 300 bottles. When noting tho increased expenditure the sub- committee say: "Perhaps the extra expenso may be justified." As laymen, it is not for us to pronounce upon what medical men do, but it is within out- province to say that tho facts, ¡is sot forth by figures, ought to bo disproved, or a satisfactory explanation of them be given. It is to bo regretted thal tho sub-committee did not proceed further with theil- inquiries. For instance, thoy might have given us tho death rate during June, July, and August of 1881 and 1882. If it were found that the increased use of stimulants lessened mortality, then no ono would begrudge the heavier outlay. If, on the other hand' the opposite were proved to be the case, then thora would bo a powerful motive to reduce the expenditure and seek to save life. They might also havo given tho cost of stimulants per head, Then a comparison might have been made between our local average and that of other institutions. For instance, at London Hospital the cost per patient is Is. Oki., at Westminster Is. 10Jd., at Guy's 3s. 6d., at St. Thomas's 4s. C|d., ¡it Charing Crass 4s. 10d., while in the Holbourne Hospital tho cost runs up to nearly 7s. per patient. Perhaps tho committee of our hospital will yet see what relation wo stand in to the nbovo figures. Then, again, a tabulated statement of items of expenditure might have been given. From a report of tho Holbourne Hospital wo learn that a sum of £1240 was paid in 1881 foi- wines and spirits, &c.; This sum exceeded in a large mensure that paid for groceries ; it was only ,¿'340 less than the combined accounts of the butcher, tho poulterer, and tho fishmonger, and nearly three tintos ¡is much as was paid for bread. An analysis of tho ¡icotints of our local institution would put the public in possession of the know ledge whether tho sack Wits in proportion to the bread, or whether we should hilve to say, " Oh monstrous ! but one half- penny worth of bread to this intolerable deal of sack." Respecting othei poitions of theiepoit ninth might bo t, ud It seems dithtult to behevo tint no pi opt i stock book li is been kept, no solvants íecoitl book, and that even the pitients' book was not vv ntten up, but theso facts me eonclusivel} pioved by the sub com nuttce Foi some reason 01 othei the attend mee of the visiting staff li is fallen oil 2r> jut cent, and the leconniientlition of tlie sub eoiiniutteo "to intioduce fieshblood ippius to be both timelj and wise lint then cfloits h ne not been in vam is Reen in the itduttion of cxponditiuc of ¿lr> m oik month a» complied with the piovious two months Hie m ed of tins is nppaunt when we find it st ited that tho exjiondituie foi tho hist half of 1882 waa Ü10r>2 mole thin that foi the 1 ist MX months of 1881 Of the lesulint mu ¿ton (Di Kcstov en), so lniieh is sud in his pi use bj thoso who ne uiidei his eau tint vvi hopo ho and the committee will so io opci ite as to seem o m oin hospit ii the gie itist good foi the pitients ata cost neilin i t\li ivugtnt noi unwise, anti that the institution ma} bo so managed as to li licet high ci i tht mi all connected with it 'lui Ki was much vvasto of public time iii tlio Legislative Assembly jestciihy nftu noon I he lcatloi of the Opposition und two othei o\ Ministers of that pait} having gono to the Bttnlugh show, the misponsililu mombeiu p;erfouncd the duty of keeping the debate "going" until the tea"hour. At seven o'clock, the excursionists having re- turned, there appeared some prospect of business being done. Nor was the hope entirely unjustified by subsequent events. The inspection and supervision clauses of the Divisional Boards Act Amendment Bill, ' published in yesterday's Courier, passed with some unimportant amendments. Clauso 33, authorising boards to object to the opening and closing of roads, and the two following clauses prescribing £2 as the maximum fee for a licensed gate, and entitling the boards to all fees paid into the Treasury for the temporary closing of roads, weie also passed. On clause 36, empowering boards to lodge objections against the licensing of gates and public-houses, being moved, Mr. Griffith pointed out the ad visableness of transferring to boards the entire power of licensing gates ; and he moved a new clause conferring upon boards all the powers exercised by courts of petty sessions under the Enclosure of Hoads Act of 1864. Mr. Mcilwraith accepted the new clause, and retid an official minute made by bim in May last upon a letter received from a boaid asking that the power of licensing gates might be conferred in the manner proposed by Mr. Griffith. It was therefore by inadvertence, he said, that the provision -was not made in the. bill. ' A long ' discus sioh ensued, in which several members ' objected to giving to boards the power to license gates, and urged that the privilege of lodging objeqtions under seal as given by the bill wasasafer and oquallyefficacious method. The clause, however, was ultimately carried without division. This -exercise of judicial powers by boards will be quite a new departure. In moving the new clause ,Mr. Griffith expressed some distrust of its expe- diency, and we j think with reason. The power of objecting, as proposed in the bill, really would have given the boards very great influence in the matter, and the wisdom of constituting them a court of petty sessions for licensing gates is much to be doubted. However, the Assembly have vv illed otherwise, and time must prove the wisdom or the contrary of their decision. After some further discnssioii, Mr. Macros- san consented'to the negatiying of clause 36, which was intended to give boards power to object in their corporate capacity to the ginuting of publicans' licenses. Honourable members urged that the privi- lege given to individual householders by the Publicans Act to lodge objections, was suffi- cient. But they evidently do not appre- ciate the invidiotisness of private persons undertaking so disagreeable a duty, Why an elective body, composed of nine repre- sentativo men, should not have the power of objecting authoritatively to the undue mul- tiplication of public-houses in a division, we cannot understand. Boaidfl are to have wide powers under the new bill for making by-laws on a great variety of subjects, and surely they ought not to be denied the right of exercising some influence against tho establishment of unnecessary drinking shops. Mr. Macrossan then moved clause 37, which sought, under specified condition, to give boards a limited control over all public leserves. The Government made no attempt to support the clause, which after a rambling discussion was. negatived by con- sent. Public reserves in different parts of the colony ¡ire now a public nuisance, and the clause, although not giving the boards plenniy powers with respect to them, would have enabled wholesome control to be ex- ercised by the local bodies. The treatment accouled by the Government to this pait of their bill was no compliment to the boards ¡it whose suggestion it was presumably in- troduced. If ¡di that can reasonably bo urged in favour of a tneasiue is said and fathireensues,noblameattache'stoitsiiuthors. But the .action of Ministers in respect of this elaborate clause was tantamount to an acknowledgment that they had made a mistake in introducing it. We believe the clause vvtes re.illy a good one, and that, although it gave no new powers to the Governor-in-Council, it defined those powers in such a way that the many hundreds of public reserves now worse than useless in the colony would have been turned to bene- ficial account had tho clauso bee)) passed. Clause 38 was also launched rudderless upon the stormy sea of debate. At first it appealed doomed to meet the fate of ita predecessor, but after a good deal of dis- cussion it rose in Parliamentary estimation, and was ultimately passed. As moved, tho clause piovidcd that nothing therein should render the Colonial Treasurer liable to defray the cost of extirpating weeds on waste lands of the Crown. But Mr. Dick- son moved an amendment providing that such cost should be defiaycd out of moneys fiom time to timo appropriated by Parlia- ment for that purpose, and on division the ¡unondiueiit was cn ried by twenty to nineteen. Mr. Groom stigmatised this clauso as tho Bathurst Bin r Bill condonsed into one section, but wo believe it will bo fourni to embody very useful provisions. At this point Mr. Griffith moved a long and intricate clauso providing for the mainte- nance of boundary roads and bridges by contiguous local authorities. It authorises tho Minister on tho application of ono local authority to compel others who ovado their duty in this respect to do it, and it will probably be found n practicable solution of the boundary roads question. Mr. Macrossan announced that after consideration he had determined to accept the clause, and after slight amendment it was passed by consent. About forty out of fifty-eight clauses of the bill havo now been passed, and as the remainder do not involvo burning questions it may bo reasonably hoped that another evening's consideration in committee will carry it thiough that crucial stage. On the whole it will certainly be ¡i very valuable amendment and extension of our local government laws, and Pniliameiit may con- gratulate itself on having done sonio work this year that will bear good fruit during the next decade. T.\ oui ycsteiday's notice of Mr. GiifHth's tlause ]iiovieling for " Hxeepteel loads" wo ditl not siifiieiontly explain its significance, ft luis íe.tllj settled, once for all, the main load conti oversi, which has vexed the souls of our politicians for thrco year» past. When, eaily in the pieseiit session, Mr. (ii¡fhth tli'cl.iie'd his opinion that a solu- tion might bo fiiiunl for the problem, wo vveio liMsoiiublj iiieie'dulous, Piominent members of the Opposition had so uneeas inglj leiteialeel that no settlement of tho question was possible that ditl not embody the maintenante of niiiin mads at the solo expense of the Tieasuiy, that we .U ' ' li 1 J * i i , J, i . I 'i t may be pardoned for, doubting whether the Opposition .leaderi< would suggest iii solution which almost entirely relieved the, Treasury. But he has done so, nevertheless, ' and thatETvithout-"*a~ single objecting voice from his own side of the House. Mr. Griffith lias laid..down in his amendment ' that no thoroughfare shall be an " excepted" or " main" road, contiguous to which more that one-twentieth of the abutting land is rateable property, and where the total rates for twenty miles along the road are, less than £5 per, mile. No road, his amend- ment runs, Bhall be excepted from the juris- diction of a board unless these conditions exist with respect to it. Which means that there shall be no roadd maintained by the general Government except in the very few districts of the colony which are almost en- tirely unoccupied. Mr. Macrossan was, in-1 deed, wise in accepting this amendment, for the ghost of reactionary legislation on the, subject when the Liberals get into power is now effectually laid. Had the Govern- ment embodied such a clause in their bill it would have only been carried after a despe- rate party fight. Under the Divisional Boards Act of 1879, the Governor-in Council had full power to except any road, from a board's control and treat it as a maia road. The present Government^ however, not finding any " scientific " definition of a main road, have steadily refused to except any ; and well have they been abused for this refusal. Now Mr. Griffith's amend- ment has condoned and ' even statnpéd their refusal with approbation,' and has deprived any succeeding Government of the power to' yield, to popular clamour, or embarrass the Treasury while demoralising the local bodies. This settlement,,theiefore justifies warm congratulations from' the really earnest advocates of local government in the colony. ' ' The Khedive, once more placed in posses- sion by the British, seems to be vigorously setting about the work of putting his house in order. . Indeed, if iTewhk Pasha has «any moral backbpne.. at all, it ought to be strengthened by the knowledge that he is for the piesent , virtually released, from Turkish control,'and from the interference of all foreign Powders save of that which has suppressed the rebellion, and reinstated him. Thereare evidencesof the operation of English counsels with him in the, expressed inten- tion to deal leniently with > the greater ¡number* of the mutinous officers and sol- diers taken during the late military opera- tions, for such leniency or consideration of degrees of offending is not usual at Eastern tribunals. In the assembling of tho Ulemas in Cairo, and their severe reprehension for meddling in politics, the Khedive has, for a Mahomedan i tiler, taken quite a new departure, and there, again, British influence is distinctly apparent. It is á new thing for these men, chiefs of the Mahomedan priesthood, and masters in the expounding of the doctrines of the Koran-acknowledg- ing no secular control, yet insisting that the faith of the ,Prophet and the secular exis- tence of Islam were most intimately asso- ciated-to be publicly reprimanded for interference in political questions. We doubt if there is authentic record of such an affront having ever before been put upon men in their position, unless it may have been by some of the old masterful Caliphs. It will not be forgotten nor forgiven, and may at some future day make evil times for the Khedive ; but its influence will at pre- sent be to throw him still more on British support, and to establish moro strongly British ascendency in Egypt. In tho Assembly to-day, private members' business will bo transacted, notices of motion taking precedence. Of these there are a largo number on the business paper, amongst the first and most important being motions-by Mr. Wcld- Blundcll, in favour of a iceiprocity treaty between this and the other colonies for the admission of colonial w iocs into Queens- land, duty free j by Mr. Norton, for the ap- pointment of a royal commission to lnquiio into and report upon certain matters connected with the timber trade ; by Sir. Miicf.irl.iuc, to grant £200 as n gratuity to the w idovv of the late guard Fox ; by Mr. Buckland, in favour of the survey of a railway from South Brisbane to Cleveland ; by Mr. Sheaffe, for a gratuity of ¿-3(30 to the widow of the late J. P. Wells, P.M. at Noi manton ; by Mr. Isambcrt, for tho survey of a loop-line of railway from Walloon to the Mount Ksk line ; by Mr. Macfailane, for £100 to enable the tuistccs of the Ipswich public park to build ti park-keeper's residence ; and by Mr. O'sullivan, in favour of making some provision for the family of the late Dr. Challinor. The IChodivo has at length returned to his capital. Ho mndo his entry there with grent Mat on Tuesday, the city being decorated and illuminated in his honour. On Wednesday ho hold a reception in the palace at Cairo, a number of British officers being among thoso present. The Egyptian ruler has expressed, through Sir Garnet Wolseloy, his gratitude to England for her successful efforts to restqro order and tranquillity in Egypt. The British fleot ure pro] aving to leave Egyptian «,«, atefs. H.M.S. Minotaur will at once proceed to Malta with tho marines now garrisoning Aboukir, and will there await tho remainder of tho Channel Squadron, which will shortly follow. The Porte is getting impatient of the occupa- tion of Egypt by British troops, and lias sent a note to the English Government requesting their withdrawal. ValcntiucBiikor Pasha has undertaken tho task of reorganising tho Egyptian army, and will be nssisted by the British officers at present serving in the Turkish gendarmerie, which was organised and commanded by Colonel Baker. Sir Garnet Wolseley is suffering from the fatigues of tho campaign, being now indisposed at Cairo. A pioject initiated by Mr. Michael Davitt for an Irish national organisation has been re- jected by Mr. Parnell, on the ground that the scheme would bo unworkable under tho present coercion laws.-Ogle, a lnvv clerk, who absconded from Melbourno somo time ago with a number of valuable securities and documents, and was captured in England, is a passenger to Australia by tho Garonne, in charge of the police.-Tho cricket match at Harrogato between the Australian team and an English eleven has resulted in a victory for the colonials by four wickets. This match is, according to tho published programme, the hist that tho Australian Eleven will play in England. Titi: consignment of Australian froren mutton jier Orient has, by report of San Fran- cisco liles, nil been disposed of. For the best portion Old. per lb. lias been realised in open market in the ordinary wliolesalo way of busi- ness. An importation of frozen beef and mutton per Sorrento, from Sydney, lias re- cently beet) made by the London and Provincial Meat Company. It consisted of 930 quarters beef, mid 410(1 carcases mutton. It was not all hauled in good order, somo of tho beef being particularly defective in point of condition ; but sales havo boon made at varying rates for tho sound mutton up to 7jd. per lb. by thq carcass retail, .The piico of tho beef by the quarter lins not been reported« Yesterday morning tho comet was again clearly visible, and is likely to be so for the next few mornings about 4 o'clock. As it nears the moon, and the sun's rising becomes earlier the comet, while growing less brilliant, seems to grow larger. Our astronomical friends warn us not to let this opportunity of seeing this very fine A1 comet pass, as we may not ever again have so good a chance. Messbs. Ferguson and M'Donald-Patcrson* M.L.A's., waited upon the Postmaster General yesterday morning, to bring under his notice the necessity for telegraphic com- munication bctweon Rockhampton and Port Alma. Mr. Morehead promised that the line should at once be commenced, so as to be open for use at as early a dato as possible. When the wharves at Port Alma aro completed there is no doubt the line will be found of great service. The cost of the work will not be very considerable, as there ia scarcely a creek on the Une that cannot bo crossed with wiro from ordinary posts, and very little clearing will bo necessary. From a gentleman who has recently paid, a visit to the Cairns district we leam that matters generally have been in a satisfactory state, and that Cairns itself gives evident signs of benefiting from the progress of the sugar industry in the locality. The Hop Wah Com pany had boen crushing with very good results the yield of sugar being three and a-half tons to the acre ; but work had been suspended for about ten days at the time of our informaras visit, owing to the sugar boiler having acci- dentally scalded his legs. The canc-fiekkj. / looked extremely well, and when taken with the yield obtained at the mill bore ample testimony to the suitability of the district for sugar cultivation. At Messrs. Swallow and Durham's about 1000 acres of «crnb bave boon felled and i 400 acres planted ; the work of planting an additional 400 acres was being carried out, so that by next crushing season it is expected there will ' be SOO acres ready for tho mill. The machinery is at present on its way out, and will be erected in time for next season. At Lorridan's they are actively engaged in clearing and planting, and the land seems all that could be desired, Mr. G. B. Adams is clearing., Tlie blacks have not been very troublesome of late, though they recently took cattlo from one selection. "At a ,hmd sale held recently at Cairns a country lot of 1C0 acres of Olive's selection, forest land, some distance from town, realised £4 8s.' per acre. Pompo, tho blackboy who so faithfully accompanied Mr. Christie Palmerston in his search for a practicable railway track across the range, has fallen a victim to fever, greatly to Mr. Falmcrston's regret. It appears ho was sent to tho Hospital at Herberton, but during his delirium escaped to tho bush, and there perished. The transit of Venus party to observe from Brisbane were to leave England (says tho S. ¿V. Herald) on 22nd August. Tho party consists of Captain Morris, R.E., Lieutenant Darwin, ILE,, and Air. Peek. After the transit Lieu- tenant Darwin goes on to Singapore to take patt in the work of determining the longitude of Australia by cable. "Truth" of 3rd August contains tho follow- ing :-" Sir Garnet Wolseley has announced that, no matter what the resistance of Ourabi maybe, he will be vanquished on tho loth of September. I trust that this veni, vidi, vici, will prove cor- rect." It was on tho loth of September that tho British calvalry entered Cairo, and that Ourabi vías handed over to them a prisoner. Mr. Simple, of Northbrook, West Moreton, is the constructor of two weapons which ho names the Simple breech-loading rifle and the Simple breech-loading fowling-piece. Both seem effective and handy weapons, and the designer and maker claims for them certain improvements in simplicity of action which he thinks the Government ought to recognise and assist him to patent. Wo cannot pretend to say whether amongst the multiplicity of "im- proved" weapons continually being brought before public notice, these have special merits, but they certainly seem very well iiiatlc ond with some advantages over ordinary guns. Mr. Simple has, wo believe, designed and vvoiked out his designs under great difficulties, and amongst other things has manufactured his gun-stocks out of bastard blood-wood, a timber generally held valueless, but which he cci tainly has made into splendid stocks. .It is to be hoped that a way w ill be found to turn to good account Ids manifest talent for mechanical skill, benefiting the colony and himself also. The agent of a mercantile firm in this city, who has just returned from tho south coast district, relates (says the S. M. Herald) tho following incident, to show how cautious travellers need be in their choice of a hostelry. Having travelled all the morning, ho says, ho called at a wayside hotel to refresh himself and his two horses. He waited until the feed was placed in tho manger, and then, having seen the hungry animals eating ravenously, he pro- ceeded to get his own dinner. Strolling out afterwards to the stables, he was surprised to notico that the horses had stopped eating albeit, the manger was full. Pindingall efforts to coax the horses to cat useless, our informant finally harnessed up and got away. Meeting a person on horseback some five miles distant, ho explained the circumstances. Tho man dis- mounted, and upon examining the horses' mouths, he found their teeth filled with soap. He stated that tho animals would never feed until their mouths were cleansed, adding that it was a common occurrence. Our narrator, feeling ennigod, rodo back and confronted the landlord, who affected to be fearfully shocked, and declared that ho would not have it happen for £50, &c.; But this was very transparent. The trick deserves to bo shown up, not so much for tho value of the paltry feed, but for the benefit of the poor brutes. Ouh Toowoomba correspondent states tup during one of the fires at that plaoo on TiiP , day morning a serious accident occurred to Mr.f J. Paton, who fell from a roof, receiving an injury to one of his wrists, nnd a cut on the head, besides being severely shaken. The Ex- change Hotel, which was entirely destroyed, belonged to the heirs of the Into Mr. William Murphy. A couitEsroxiiE-NT whoso signature is to us quite undecipherable, vvritos from Southport as follows:-"In your issue of tho 20th instant appears tho following paragraph : ' A corre- spondent says that during the past season ho luis been much struck with tho largo iw"|bcr of smoked mullet roes that havo been exhibited for sale in the windows of tho Brisbano fish mongers, mid writes to oxpress tho opinion that a close season for inullot should he en- forced, &c;" Se.' Considering that the row so exhibited tiro taken from the sea mullet, which only como into the Bay from the sea for about one month it) tho year, I think it will bo »«. niitted that the other eleven months w#'« sufficient for a closo season, without troubling to legislate upon tho matter. Your correspon- dent need not be in tho slightest degree uneasy as to tho extinction of that fish." YiMTKUiuY (says the »"««* ««^^^"hc day) two trains were despatched horn £ Koma station with fat stock for «w Biwlwnc imirlcot. Ono comprised twenty ti cK« «£ sheep, sovontec» «Heil with Mount Ab'uiuwo sheep and three with shoot) sent by iho "Miin Butchering Company. The other rai coi sistcd of twelve trucks of fat cattle, nc»H> «" from Kive Downs. 