How Harry Wilford Went Home. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) CHAPTER I. BY THE CAMP FIRE. BY ISABELLA MAUNSELL. How are you going to spend Christmas, Wilford?" They were lying by the camp fire, enjoying a quiet smoke. Their mates were on watch, but these two seemed more disposed for conversation than for repose. It was a calm clear night, the cattle had camped quietly, and everything promised well for the still hours. Harry Wilford was a smart, agile young fellow, reckless, generous, and good-humoured, a general favourite in the party. His companion, Tom Barton, was much older, tall and dark-featured ; often very silent, and sometimes even morose ; then again, by fits, the life of the whole camp, with the jollieat song and most incredible yarn. He and Wilford were greater chums than might have been ex pected considering the difference of age and disposition. To-night Tom was in a talka tive mood. The little incidents of the past day had been reviewed and the proba bilities of to-morrow duly discussed,'when he changed the topic by asking, suddenly, " How are you going to spend Christmas ?" Harry started slightly at the unexpected query, and then replied carelessly, " I haven't thought about it yet. I suppose the way the rest of the fellows about do it. I shall have a cheque by then, and can do s they do." Tom carefully refilled his pipe, lighted it, and after two or three whiffs, remarked gravely, " If I were you, Harry, I would go home." " Home ? No fear ! I won't do that." "You have been away a good while now." " Yes, nearly three years; but what of that?" " Do you ever hear from them ?" " Well, no; lam always on the rove, and have never written, so they don't know where I am." "Then you could give them a pleasant surprise?" " It would be a surprise, no doubt, much more than a pleasure. No, they've forgotten me by this time, so they can go their way, and I'll go mine." There was a short pause. Harry had spoken with a bitterness very foreign to his usual manner, and Tom watched him from under his thick beetling brows ; then he spoke in the same quiet tone. " Wilford, I am a much older man than you, and I've seen a deal of the world and many a tine young fellow wrecked in it. I don't say anything about myself and what I might have been—but I've always liked you from the first day I saw you ; and you are too good for this kind of life, and you'll never be anything better going on this way, but very likely go down altogether." " Well, Tom, if I do, there's no one to break his heart over my downfall; and uuleas you drop a tear to my memory I shall have no mourners, 1 am afraid. But what has started you moralising 1 I should have as soon exacted to see the sun rise in the middle of the night." "Some shadows in ray own past life, Harry, that never leave me, and I would be very glad if I could keep you out of such ; that is why I asked you to go home this Christmas, instead of spending it among us here." " Without knowing what you were asking me to go home to." " I should very much like to know, if you have no objection. Some day you may learn my reason and understand my wish. Your father is alive V " Yea, I saw his name in a newspaper the other day." " Dr. Wilford ?" said Barton, fixing his piercing gaze on Harry. " Yes ; do you know him ?" " I know the name well enough," said Tom quietly. " And your mother ?" " No ; my mother died years ago, or it might have been better for us all. My sister is married, and has her own husband and family to occupy her ; then there is only my younger brother Herbert, the favourite son, who is everything to my father. So you see I am not wanted anywhere." " Dr. Wilford bears the reputation of being a most excellent and honourable man." " So he is, and he deserves to be called so,'' said Harry warmly ; " but I tell you, Tom, he is too good for a fellow like me, and Her bert takes after him ; so, between them, I was nowhere except where I oughtn't to be." " And bo you quarrelled V "No ; father is not one to quarrel, and 1 hope I wouldn't quarrel with my own father either: but I couldn't live the life he wanted me to, and I wouldn't stay and bear his sad solemn disapproval, so I quietly cleared out, leaving a message that I in tended to shift for myself, and they need not trouble about me." " There was a time once in my life," said Tom, " when I was standing near where you seem to be now. If I had only gone back then—but it is too late for me ; it is not so with you. I will give you a short chapter out of my life. I never told it to anyone before, but I will tell it to you now." " Fire away, old man," said Harry, rolling over so that he could watch Tom's face more readily. " I may have been younger than you a few years ; I had only one brother, and he was older than myself, and better and smarter every way; I always felt that, and honestly gave him his due. I knew I could never reach the position in the world that he was born to occupy; but that would never have estranged us, though I often felt that he considered himself vastly my superior. One day I met with a very serious accident, my horse falling and rolling over me down a deep gully, and I was carried home insen sible, and lay for weeks hovering between life and death. My brother had but just returned from finishing his studies abroad. They all wanted me to go and do as he did, but I wasn't born to be a bookworm, so I took my own way and stayed behind. Well, when I was lying on that bed—l often wish I had never come off it—he watched over me day and night, he soothed my pains as no one else could do, and anticipated all my wants. And when at last I was pronounced out of danger he fell on his knees by the bedside, holding my poor, wasted, shaking hand in his warm, true, grasp, and there were tears in those proud eyes, where I never saw tears before. How my heart softened to him ! I can feel it again after all these years. For the first time I felt a love for my brother that seemed boundless, and I thought that never a shadow could come between us again. How little we know ourselves ! As soon as I was strong enough to be moved, I was sent to the sea side to recruit my strength, for it was summer and raging hot. I secured lodgings in a nice quiet house close to the sea beach, and as my strength returned I began to acquaint myself with my new neigh bours. Two ladies occupied the rooms next mine, mother and daughter. The old lady was in feeble health and stone blind, and her daughter watched over and tended her with the most loving care. I soon learned that besides each other they were all alone in the world, having few friends and small means, and that they had come to the sea side for the benefit of the elder lady's health, the younger eking out their slender means by giving lessons in music and drawing. While she was attending her pupils the poor blind lady would be alone, sometimes sitting quietly at her knitting and some times groping about in a feeble uncertain manner, but always listening for Mary's approaching footsteps. She knew the step or everyone in the house, and could tell that Mary was coming before she was inside the gate. I felt great pity for her ; somehow she reminded me of my own mother, with her white hair and soft gentle voice. So it soon came to be that all the while Mary was away I stayed with her and kept her company. I think this was the hap piest part of my life. I came, before long, to love the old soul just as if she belonged to me, and, before I knew it, I had learned to watch for Mary's step, too, quite as eagerly as her mother did. But somehow when she was with us I never could talk as I did with her mother alone. I would hesi tate and stammer, or say the wrong thing. 1 liked to sit quiet and watch Mary and listen to her, ana sometimes she would sing to us till I would forget everything but that she was a glorious woman and that I loved her madly and passionately, as a man of my nature can love. She was always kind and pleasant to me, and seemed grateful for the attentions I showed her mother; I knew the old lady praised me to her, and a hope began to spring within me that some day she would care for me as I cared for her. One evening I was surprised by a visit from my brother. He came to see for himself, he said, how I was getting on, and was quite pleased to find me mending so rapidly. Of course he saw my two lady friends. I told you before that he was a deal smarter than myself, and he had the easy polished way with him that most women like. That very first evening he quite won the old lady s heart, and sang with Mary while I sat in a dark corner and simply envied him his manly bearing and pleasant easy style of conversation. I had no dark thoughts in my mind then. I knew he was always courteous and attentive to women, and said to myself that most likely he would be gone in a day or two, and that would be the end of it. But day after day passed by and still he lingered. Before the end of a week I saw him bring home some flowers and give them to Mary, and she looked up at him as Bhe took them with one of her brightest smiles, and then blushed. I who had known her so much longer had never dared to offer her a flower, and yet I loved her so 1 From that moment I nourished a devil in ray heart. I watched them constantly, and everything strengthened my suspicions; but the end was nearer than I expected. The old lady was taken suddenly very ill; she was subject to these attacks, and every re turn of them found her with less strength to go through them. So after a few hours' of suffering she quietly sank, and died in Mary's arms. Poor Mary ! How my heart bled for her ! and yet I could say nothing and do nothing to comfort her. It was my brother who watched with her, con soled her as no one else could, and arranged everything for her; and after the funeral, finding she was almost friendless and that their small means died with the mother, found her a nice com fortable home as companion to a lady friend of his. I determined to clear out for a while and get rid of my mad passion for Mary, for I felt I could never be anything to her. I was not all bad then, but I little knew the depth of my own feelings. I passed six months of my life I hardly know how or where. I kept up no com munication with anyone and neard nothing, but I felt I must see Mary again, come what might of it. So one evening I turned up quite unexpectedly, and they all seemed glaa to see me—my brother particularly so. That night he drew me aside with his hand in my arm and said, ' It seemed the only thing wanting for you to come home just now, Tom. Do you remember Mary V I wonder if he felt the tremour that rushed through my frame as he mentioned her name 1 I shut my teeth resolutely together. I felt what was coming. •We are to be married the day after to- morrow,' he went on. ' You are a great favourite of hers. She has told me of all your attention to her poor afflicted mother, and I know you like her and will be glad to have such a sweet Bister.' (It is rather soon after her mother's death, isn't it V I said after a short pause, and I was astonished myself at the calm quiet tone of my own voice. ' Well, under other circumstances it might be,' he said, ' but the lady whom she has been living with is leaving for Europe next week, and why should I let her take another situation when I am so well able to support her 1 So we are to be married—very quietly of course. But I am so glad you came home, for we had no idea where to look for you.' ' Well, I'm sure I wish you all luck, old fellow,' I said. 'I will see Mary to-morrow ; but I am tired now and must wish you good-night.' That was a night! I felt a wild longing to do some desperate deed, while my better feel ings prompted me to leave at once, and never return till I could do so with an honest mind. I took an early stroll next morning, and had nearly resolved to go, when I suddenly met Mary. She had heard of my return, and her eyes lighted up with pleasure, and a soft flush tinged her cheek as she put her little hand in mine and walked by my side. She talked to me of the days when we were first acquainted, and of my long silence when several attempts to find me were unsuccessful, and then with a pretty, shy, consciousness began to speak of the present. I felt mad ; how I con trived to answer her I know not, but I suc ceeded, and we parted with smiles. When she was out of my sight I felt everything Bwallowed up in one mighty resolve—she should never be my brother's bride ! Later in the day I went to his room. 'Tom, you are not well, 1 he remarked. ' Well, I don't feel as hearty as I should like to,' I said ; and then I noticed a bottle containing medicine on the table, and asked him if he was taking that stuff. He told me he had been unwell some short time ago, and that was the last of his medicine. Just then someone called him out to speak to him, and I took the bottle in my hand; there was only one dose left, and that was to be taken at bedtime. I had a small phial in my pocket containing a deadly drug. It was given to me by an old wretch whom I had befriended in Ins lost miserable days, and who told me, with a horrible grin on his dying face, that it was all he had to give me, but if I had an enemy in my road, or was tired of my life, I would find it useful. I took the stuff and had kept it. Why do we do these things'? I have often wondered. I thought the old man was only raving, but I had the curiosity to try the effect of his present on a few animals, and was soon convinced of ita power. I saw my way at once ! In another moment I had emptied the contents of my phial into my brother's medicine bottle and replaced it quietly on the table." "Good heavens! Tom," said Harry, starting up, " are you dreaming or only cramming me with another of your yarns?" " I am in no mood for yarns to- night, Wilford. I promised you a chapter out of my life, and I am telling you the simple naked truth. When my brother caiae back, I told him I had to go to a place about twenty miles off that evening and should not be home till late, or perhaps not till next morning, but that I should not fail them at the wedding. I wanted to put it out of my power to repent, and hurried away as if from my own fate. It was not till late that night that I came to myself, and fully comprehended what I had done, and stood face to face with the blackness of the crime I had committed. Remorse took possession of me, and I resolved not to survive my victim. I remembered how methodical he was in all things, and how little chance there was that he should neglect or forget that last dose in the bottle. If I could have given my life to save him then, how thankfully I would have done it! It was the most horrible night I ever spent. I re traced my steps, determined to learn the worst, tramping the whole way on foot, and arrived in town by sunrise. I saw no signs of anything unusual, and dared not ask any one for fear of betraying myself. At the corner of the road, coming up from the baths, I met my brother, fresh, bright, and happy. The sight was so unexpected, and the reaction so great, that I reeled back, and should have fallen if he had not sup ported me. He led me home and took me to his own room, where he administered restoratives, and when I had recovered a little said, ' Tom, are you ill, or have you fot yourself into any trouble 1 only tell me, am sure you can trust me to help yon in every way I can.' A sudden thought struck me. 'I do feel ill,' I said; 'give me a dose out of that medicine bottle of yours: it has had such a good effect on you that I believe it will cure roe.' I wished to receive my death from his hands. 'Non sense,' he said, 'that would do you bo good ; besides it is all gone. There was only one dose left, and the bottle was accidentally upset. Tell me all about it, Tom ;' and he took my hand in his. ' Some other time,' I murmured : 'this is no day for gloomy words. I will go to my room and rest for an hour or two. How could I tell him — noble-minded and true-hearted man—that I was a wretched murderer, only saved from the actual crime by an acci dent? As soon as I was alone I fell upon my knees and thanked God for that mercy. I never did such a thing be fore, and I have never felt like it since, but at that moment it seemed the most natural thing in the world to do. Then I deter mined to escape ; I would trust myself ho more. I soon found an opportunity of leaving the house unobserved, and never looked back till the waves of the ocean were swelling between me and the fast receding shore. I watched it till it sank from my sight, and I thought—' There my past life is dead and buried; now for the future I belong to no one.' I will not speak of my life abroad, or how, after many years, like an unclean spirit seeking rest and finding none, I made my way back to Australia. It is enough to say, Wilford, that my life has been a wasted one, and often worse than wasted. There came a time to me when I saw and felt as I ought to have done years before—when I would have given worlds if I had owned them to have grasped my brother's hand again, and to have greeted Mary as a dear sister; hut I was unworthy to return—l would not disgrace them with my presence. And now, Harry, you cannot wonder that I should like to see you go home while you can, and before this roving life has led you into the vices that swamp so many of our young men in ruin. You have no misplaced attachment to stand in your way." " Don't be too sure of that, Burton," said Harry, raising himself on his elbow and staring into the fire. "I'm inclined to think it is about the size of it, after all." After a short pause he continued, "I'll tell you all about it, and it isn't much to tell—nothing like what you have told me. Her name is Mabel Dermct, a nice jolly girl, and as good as she is nice. I liked her and she liked me, but there was no regular engagement between us. I could see she w;is not altogether pleased with my thoughtless careless way of life, for she had some good sense stowed away in her pretty little head. I saw her before I came away and asked her to wait for me till I was in a position to marry, and to write to me sometimes. She refused, saying I might alter my mind before that time, and she would leave us both free; so I came away and have heard nothing more of her since; and I only wish I could forget her as easily as I do most things." " And you gave her up so easily ! How long do you think it will be before you are in a position to marry if you spend all your money as soon as you get it ?" % " I've spent it trying to forget her, that's the fact, Tom." " A great mistake, my young friend ; but don't make it worse by adding to it. Go back and prove to them all that you are worth something still, and you may win Mabel yet". " No, I won't go home, Tom, but I'll tell you what I will do; I'll go down to the Clarence this Christmas and spend it with the Linwoods ; they are Mabel's cousins, and the young Linwoods were school chums of mine. I shall be safe to hear news of her, and they will all hear of me in time that way," " Very good, Harry ; not the best thing certainly, but still a step in the right direc tion. And if all turns out well I sliall feel happier to think that I may have influenced you for your own good. You will believe nothing else could have induced m,e to lay before you that dark cliapter in my life that must lower me for ever in your eyes." " No, don't say that, Burton ; you wore mad at the time—you must have been. Hallo ! what's the row now 1" as advancing footsteps warned them of someone's ap proach, and two men —one tall and lanky, and the other short, thickset, and wiry— joined them. " Thought you weren't going to wake up, mate," said the latter, "and here you are yarning.1' " What, time up?" cried Harry. " Well, just about. Bill, he lost his tobacco. There's safe to be an earthquake or some thing, for I never heerd tell of the like of that afore." " How was it, Bill ?" asked Harry. " Just this way," said Bill, gravely helping himself to a fresh plug: "I'd been up and down; everything was quiet as could be, so I out with my knife and began to cut up a pipeful There was a big stump close handy, and I weut to lean up agen, it, when it jumped about twenty foot high, and I went sprawling on the ground. I was never served like itbatby a kangaroo before. Of course I couldn't find the tobacco." "Well, now," said Jim,' "the rummest go I ever had with a kangaroo was down south, when I was a young chap. I was in the employ of the A. A. Company, and was out very late one night—never mind what after. 1 had my coat on—we all used to wear the same soft of coats, with A. A. buttons down 'em—well, I come across a boomer of an old man, and picked up a good lump of a stone and let fly at him. I don't exactly know what happened next, whether it was I had he or he had me, but I was rolled over and over, and when I pulled myself together the kangaroo had left, and I had lost my coat in the struggle. I groped all about, but couldn't find nothing of it. I went out early next morning aud had a look, but it wnru't there, and just its I was coming away I see that kangaroo, and he had my coat on. He kind o' winked at me over his shoulder, and then made tracks for the scrub, and I never see that coat again. I never like telling the tale," concluded Jim in an injured tone ; " folks seem to think it ain't true." Harry laughed, but the hearty ring that characterised his laughter was not there, and contrary to his usual custom he made no attempt to cap Jim's yarn, but rose with Burton and they prepared to take their watch. together. AIJ through ike next silent hours aid Harry .Wilfora miise on the tale Tom Burton had told him, and think of his own past life also, and many a vision of Mabel came floating before him that night. And ere the first rosy beams of another day tinged the eastern horizon Harry had determined that his should not be another wasted life. As for Tom Burton, who can tell what bitter thoughts were his com panions as he stood under the silent stars that had watched over so many of his lonely nights, and reviewed his past, or what hope the light of another day might bring him ? Next day he was observed to be more silent than ever, but with a quiet subdued air that bore no trace of moroseness. Chapter 11. , POOR MARY JANS. "Fie! Mabel; it is too bad of you ,to Abuse the country after it has given you such a pair of rosy cheeks. You cannot realise what a thin, white, ghost of a girl you were when you came here." "Country air and cod liver oil must divide the honour between them, my dear Grace; both equally necessary and dis agreeable, and gladly dispensed -with when health and strength are restored." " What a hopeless towney you are, Mabel 1" " And you a most incorrigible rustic ! Come, let us have a canter." And the two merry girla sped on their way. It was a delightful afternoon ; the summer heat was tempered by a cool aea breeze, Hie fresh clear air was laden with the perfume of wattle blooms and ringing with the melody of a thousand birds ; the soft springing grass was spread over the earth like a green carpet, while the rich azure sky, flecked with light fleecy clouds, smiled down from above. " Stay a moment, Mabel, this is one of ray favourite spots. There is a lovely view of the mountain. See where the light falls ou that grand old rock that has crowned the summit for unknown centuries, and the sliadows lying in those wild gorges. Is it not beautiful i" " Yes, it ia pretty. What a horrid screech these parrots make ! Where are we going to now ?" " 1 am going to take you to a place I do not very often visit. I want to introduce you to poor Mrs. Hill." " Poor Mrs. Hill! What is the matter with her ?" " She has to live in the bush." "Yes, and you seldom go near her for fear she should convert you to my way of thinking." " No, but I am going to take you to her to see if she will convert you to my way of thinking." " Is this a riddle, Grace V " Wait, and you shall see what you shall see." A few minutes more and a turn in the road brought them in sight of a picturesque little homestead. The comfortable -white pottage nestled in its garden bower, and wide grassy paddocks sloped behind. The girls dismounted at the gate and approached the house. " How beautifully the garden is kept, and what lovely flowers !" observed Mabel. "Yes," returned Grace, "Mrs. Hill is a famous horticulturist, and always contrives to have something fresh and fair." A stout active little woman, dressed in neat light printed cambric, with spotless collar and cuffs, met them at the door. " Ah, Miss Grace, have you, remembered me at last ? I was saying only this morning that you had forgotten all your old friends for one hew one. " But you see I haven't, Mrs. Hill," said Grace, taking the warmly-extended hand, " and I have brought my cousin Mabel to make your acquaintance and admire all the beauties of Hillside." " I am sure I am delighted," said Mrs. Hill, turning to Mabel; "but there ia little enough to see and less to admire in this part of the world. But come in and rest a bit; you have had a long ride. If I had only known you were coming, now, I would have had everything in order, but never seeing a soul from one week's end to another one gets careless about things. Take off your hats and make yourselves at home : 111 get (tea in a minute;" and Mrs. Hill bustled ,'away. ! Mabel removed her hat andgloves, and surveyed the room with a critical iglance. It waS a small apartment, plainly but comfortably furnished, and as clean and natty as the owner of it. For ornament, two or three vases of charmingly arranged flowers adorned the mantelpiece, with some .beautiful pieces of coral. A pot of lovely ferns spread their green fronds in the white fireplace, and a few well-chosen pictures [brightened the walls. The general effect was pleasant and homelike. Mabel looked at her cousin, but Grace had seated herself demurely in the rocking chair, and was gazing through the open window. Presently Mrs. Hill returned with a well-filled tray. " And how do you like this part of the country, Miss Mabel ?" she inquired as she began to fill the tea-cups. "Very well indeed, Mrs. Hill, for a change." , " Yes, for a change it might do very well; it's when yon can't Change it that it grows .wearisome." " I haven't got so far as that yet," said Mabel smiling, " and I am sure you do not look any more wearied than wearisome, Mrs. Hill." ' : " Ah, now, don't waste all your pretty Ispeeches on me, Miss Mabel. If you had lived here as long as I have you would know what wearisome meant, whether you looked it or not." "Hillside is one of the prettiest places I have seen about here." " Beauty is poor company by herself." " Certainly there is not much society in the country." "Society is one of the things we can learn to do without," remarked Grace. "Yes," retorted Mabel; "but it's like learning, to do without sugar in your tea. If you dont like sugar it is easy enough." "Indeed, that's just it, Miss Mabel; your cousin despises the sugar because she does not know the taste of it. "I was in Sydney once," said Grace solemnly, "and almost the last thing I did there was to make three children happy, and three times as many miserable. I had been to say good bye to a friend who owned a garden, or at least what was considered a garden theie, and was presented with a rosebud and two slips of verbena out of the dust-begrimed spot. I had no idea of the value of the gift I carried so carelessly in my hand till I a group of merry children at play. Every one of them stopped to gaze long ingly at the flowers, and one little girl ran up to me and pleaded so earnestly for 'just one flower' that I handed her the rosebud. Immediately the whole troop were around me, and the two verbena slips followed. I shall never forget the disap iwinted-looking faces I had to leave behind, and can only conclude that even in a town you may be afflicted with a longing after the unattainable. If I could have only had an armful of your flowers then, Mrs. Hill, I should huve been as happy as I would have left them." " Indeed, my flowers are nothing to boost of; the wind last week has ruined them. We get all the wind here, and in the middle of the day the aim is too hot for them. Flowers are a great trouble with me, and always a disappointment." " i am sure you are more successful than most people," said Mabel. " Where did you get those beautiful ferns V " Away up the creek; a nasty, horrid, brushy place, full of mosquitoes and leeches." " And ferns V' added Grace. " Yes, there are plenty of ferns there, but they are not worth the bother of bringing home. These are beginning to look sick already." "How delicious your peaches are, Mrs. Hill! I never made up any in this style; you must give me your recipe." "Certainly, Miss Grace. They would have been very well, I think, but I had no good sugar at the time, so they are quite spoiled. You are sure to be out of some tiling you moat want in these out-of-the-way places!" " But see all the fruit our orchards yield in these out-of-the-way places." " They do; loads of fruit for the birds and flying-foxes, that always contrive to get the best/ " Yes, but we get as much as we can eat while it lasts too. So the trouble seems to be in having more than we want." "More than we want if we live a thousand miles from anywhere, but not more than we could wish to have friends enough to share it with." " Do you ride, Mrs. Hill ?" asked Mabel. " Sometimes, but I can't get a new habit made up here at all, and my old one is quite worn out; and, in the meantime, my mare is getting so jolly with nothing to do, I shall be afraid to mount her." " Have you heard how Mrs. Lane is getting on 1" asked Grace. "She is doing well, I believe. Her hand is badly scalded, but it is not so bad as was at first supposed. Strange that people are not more careful I" " I was very sorry to hear of it, poor little woman. I intended to have been round to see her before this, for with her hand in that state she must be quite helpless, and she is not too well off by any means, and none of her children are old enough to be of much use to her." " I dare say the neighbours help her. If she was wanting anything I suppose we should soon hear of it. Are you intending to make a long stay with us, Miss Mabel V " No, Mrs. Hill, only for a week longer ; I promised to be home for Christmas. Two of my cousins are returning with me, but Grace I don't think could be persuaded, unless she might bring that old mountain along with her." "Ah ! then the mountain could stay where it is, and welcome, if I had the chance to leave it behind." , "Mrs. Hill, I am dying to gee your garden," said Mabel, rising. , "Then you shall die no longer, my dear. I only wish it was worth seeing; It will look small and poor enough to you after the beautiful flower shows you have seen in Melbourne. My flowers are only common varieties." "That is, common to Hillside," said Grace, as they passed into the garden. Grace and Mabel found much to admire, and Mrs. Hill plenty to find fault with. Some of the plants were too bushy to flower abundantly; others had too many buds to produce perfect blooms ; some were too light in shade, and some too dark ; some grew too fast, and others not fast enough ; some were spoiled by the wind, some by the rain, and some by the dry weather. Nothing was quite as it should be. "What people will do for amusement when they can get nothing better 1 If anyone had told me ten years ago that I should spend so much of my time and care on a garden, I would never have believed it." "And then to abuse your own work," said Grace, laughing. "Mrs. Hill, will you ever learn to recognise affection in a moth, and look with admiration on a spider V " No, I never shall, and if the people that write such things had to deal with spiders' webs and moths' mischief they wouldn't ,waste their sentiment in that fashion." Half an hour later Grace and Mabel mounted their horses and turned their back on Hillside, Grace bearing away a bouquet of Mrs. Hill's sweetest flowers. " Now, don't you pity Mrs. Hill, Mabel?" " No ; why V said Mabel, carelessly. " Tor having to live in the country and bear all its troubles." " That isn't what troubles her. She has acquired a habit of finding fault that would cling to her wherever she lived." "In short, a spirit of discontent that is indigenous to town or country ? " " Yes, but that does not leave the balance in your favour. The country is well enough in its proper place, anil there is a race of beings created to occupy and enjoy it," said Mabel, with a mischievous smile. " And yet," returned Grace, " I think I could live very happily in a town if it fell to my lot, for I should carry the same contented spirit with me that makes me love the country. Come, we must ride faster." " The spirit of contentment," mused Mabel, as she cantered along, "yes, Grace has that, and I wish I had it too; I believe Bho would be happy miy where, while I can be really happy nowhere now." Then, waking from her reverie, " Why, where are you steering for now, Grace V "A short cut through the bush, Mab, that* all. Don't look so scarod. We shan't have to camp out all night. 1 never saw such a girl to stick to a road as you are. \ don't like to go back the same way I come if it can be avoided." " I wish all these trees and vines could be avoided, then. I shall lose half my eyes if you don't take better care of me, Grace." "This is the woi-st part, just here ; it will be more open presently. See, there is a peep of the mountain between the trees. Look at those lovely brush lilies, and there goes a wallaby—two—three of them!" " If-1 look at anything but trees I shall have my head knocked off. If this is part of your plot, Grace, I'll give in at once. The country is everything that is enchanting and delightful, and the town is a dull stupid hole, not one pleasure in it to be com pared to a ride through the scrub—there, will that do? Only get me out of this jungle. Oh, I forgot, the spirit of content ment will make one happy anywhere, and discontent will flourish alike in town and country. Is there anything else I have got to say ? Be quick before I lose my head. " Yes, youVe got to say that you can talk no end of nonsense when you like." " I would make the admission with plea sure, but I can really see that we are getting into sunshine again, so I forbear. As many hills as you like, Grade, but no more scrubs." " I wouldn't venture to take you into a scrub at all, Mabel; that was only a little thicket. What do you think of this for a location?" They had come suddenly in view of a small clearing on the edge of the scrub. " Good gracious 1 what a place to live in : the ground like a pincushion of stumps, and logs all about!" "But see the green corn growing up through them ; it will soon hide all that." " I can understand being swallowed up in the bush now. Look at those jaws of scrub extending on each side ready to gulp down that atom of civilisation. But where ever do they live ?" "There, don't you see that little bark hut on the edge of the clearing ? Come, I want to go in there for a few minutes, and I'll show you poor Mary Jane." "I should quite expect to see anything poor and miserable here, but don't try ray nerves too much." " I will not stay long; indeed, we have not much time to spare, for the gun is getting low." A narrow winding path, round stumps and over logs, soon brought them to the humble habitation. The rough slabs that formed the walls were covered m front with luxuriant convolvulus leaver, and the bark roof was wreathed with a fine pumpkin vine gay with its large yellow blossoms. A little patch of flowers in front rather surprised Mabel; only a couple of rose bushes, a few rank geraniums, some unruly verbenas, balsams, lupine, and mignonette—all simple and common enough, but evidently trea sured objects of some one's care. A thin weather-beaten woman, dressed -in an old gray wincey, faded and patched, and also, it must be confessed, torn, and not over clean, came out to meet them. "I thought 'twere you, Miss Linwood, soon's I heard the horses. Mary Jane she's been allus a-looking out for you, and I sayg to her,' She'll come when you ain't watch ing,' and sure enough she's dropped off to sleep sittin' by the windy where she could watch the road; I just come home and found her. Won't yous come in?" "We will for a minute, Mrs. White; I have been showing my cousin all over the bush, or we should have been here before." The rushing out of a dog barking furiously caused Mabel's horse to swerve suddenly, and the long skirt of her habit caught on one of the numerous logs lying about. The horse began to plunge, and Mabel, unable to disentangle herself, would have been un seated but for Mrs. White's dexterity in freeing her skirt. " Ah, now, that came a-nigh pulling on you off, ma'am," said the good woman as she dealt the four-footed offender a hearty kick. " You see everything is rough here yet. We han't been here long, but I been a telling o 1 my John he had ought to be burning off some of them logs afore now. You ain't hurt, was you?" " Not at all, Mrs. White, thanks to your quickness, said Mabel, springing lightly to the ground. "I am very clumsy among logs I fear." * A small slight figure supporting herself with a stick appeared in the doorway. " Ah, Mary Jane, are you awake ? See what I have brought you," said Grace, as she placed Mrs. Hill's lovely bouquet in the hand of the poor cripple, whose thin white face became radiant with joy jus she tried to stammer a few words of thanks, the long bony fingers c;ires.sing each flower as she in haled their fragrance. " Poor Mary Jane, she's clean crazed after flowers," remarked Mrs. White to Mabel. " She han't got much to amuse her, poor gal." "Are you feeling worse, Mary Jane?" asked Grace kindly. " You are not looking well." " My back aches a deal, miss, sometimes, and my head too; but I feel getting used to it like, and dou't niiud it so much as I did." " Have you finished that book I brought you last time ?" " Yes, but I am wanting to look over it again if so be you don't want it back now. Father, he likes me to read him a bit nights after supper, while he smokes his pipe afore he goes to bed—he has no time in the day." " Keep it as long as you want it, Mary Jane, and then I'll change it for you. What have you been doing here ? " " I'm trying to make a patchwork quilt like what you was showing me, but I can't make it come right." " Lend me the scissors. Now while I cut this out sing for us, Mary Jane." Without a moment's hesitation Mary Jane began to sing Keble's sweet evening hymn. Mabel had heard it many times rendered with all the perfection of instrumental ac companiment and trained voices, and ad mired it as she might a beautiful gem, but it never touched her heart as did the soft plaintive voice of the poor cripple girl. It was a scene she never forgot—the humble bark hut with its earthen floor and rough table, and rougher stools for seats ; Grace seated at one end of the table quietly plying her scissors, Mrs. White and herself on the bench, and Mary Jane in her seat by the window singing, her thin hands clasped on her knee, and a far-away longing look in the dark grey eyes. Watch by the sick, enrich the poor With blessings from Thy boundless store; Be every mourner's sleep to-night, Like infants' slurabora, pure and light What a thrilling power those words had in the lips of one who had felt them to the uttermost! When the hymn was finished Mabel rose and seated herself by the poor girl. " Do you often sing, Mary Jane ?" " Yes, miss, when they are all out I feel lonesome sometimes, then I sing, and it cheers me up wonderful." " Don't you ever feel too sad to sing ? " "No, but sometimes I feel too sick and tired to do anything but lie quiet and rest." " It ain't too much rest she gives herself ; she be allus a-doin' o' sometlun' or other," said Mrs. White. "To-day I'd been up to Mrs. Lane to wash for her—she scalded her hand terrible bad, and couldn't do nothing with it—and Mary Jane, she must go to getting dinner ready against when I come home and all the rest of them, and that's how she come by her back-ache to-day." "I have been getting my brothers to make a comfortable chair for her, Mrs. White, and I have cushioned it so that she can rest herself while she sits up. It is quite ready now if you will send one of the boys up for it," said Grace. " Thank you, miss ; I am sure it will be a blessing. I've been often sorry I couldn't get her nothing more comfortable than what she's got." " Now your patchwork is all right, Mary Jane ; and we must be going, Mabel." " These are Mary Jane's flowers, I sup pose," remarked Mabel as they went out side. " Yes," said Mrs. White ; " they be a bit wild now, she ha'nt a-done nothin' to them lately. They be company to her, she has to bide in the house so much." # " Well, Mabel," said Grace, after they had ridden a short distance, " what is your con clusion of the matter ?" " That you failed altogether in expecting Mrs. Hill to convert me, but I most willingly confess that I never saw a more sweet and beautiful spirit of resignation and content ment in town or country than you showed me to-day in poor crippled Mary Jane. I almost feel ashamed to confess it now, but I do often feel a weary monotony in ray life that I cannot get rid of, no matter where I may be—a longing desire for something to happen out of the common—something that never does happen, and then everything seems dull and dreary. Do you ever feel that way?" " No, I never have time to feel dull." " Like poor Mary Jane, you're ' allus a doing o' something.' But, no, you are not like Mary Jane, you are like Herbert Wil ford : you can always do the right thing in the right place ; but I can't. When Ido the right thing I seem to always do it in the wrong place or in the wrong way." " I don't know the gentleman, but I know Harry Wilford. Is he " "Do you know Harry Wilford ? " inter rupted Mabel quickly, turning to look at Grace. "Certainly I do. Wasn't he at school with Charlie and Frank? And twice he came home with them for the holidays. It is a long time ago, though ; I was quite a child; but I should like to see him again. Where is he now ? " " I don't know," said Mabel faintly as she turned away her eyes to gaze at the setting aim. The beautiful orb sank down below the mountain range, the gold and crimson lights began to fade, and twilight crept upon the scene. " And such is my life," she mused ; " ever the shadows that will surely prevail, and the darkness that can swallow up light!" Grace had noted her cousin's demeanour, and swiftly drew her own conclusions: "Poor Mab ia unhappy and evidently blames herself for something ; and it's about Hairy Wilford too." In a few minutes more they had reached the gate, where Charlie Linwood met them. "Guess whom we have for a visitor, Grace," he said, as he assisted her to dis mount. " Harry Wilford! " " Well, you are a witch, or you have heard the newß before." " I am glad you have not forgotten me, Grace—Miss Liuwood," said a voice at her side. " Forgotten you ! No, I never forget my friends," said Grace, as she shook hands cor dially with the young man. Mabel had been a few paces behind Grace, but was now beside them. Charlie was about to approach her, but Grace slipped her hand under his arm and drew him aside. "Did you tell Harry that Mabel was here?" "Yes, I did." " Did he seemed pleased, or surprised, or what?" V "Well, he did both." " Leave them alone ; I fancy they have had a quarrel, and they can make it up now." Charlie gave a low whistle—" Is that the way the wind blows ? Well, cousin Mab is a fine girl, and I'd rather he would take her away than our Grace." Grace laughed and ran inside. She had changed her habit for a light muslin, ar ranged the table for tea, discussed the after noon events with her father and mother, and summoned the younger folks for tea before Mabel made her appearance. Harry Wilford had met her in the honest straight forward manner that was natural to him, frankly acknowledging his faults, and then taking both her hands in his asked, " And now tell me, Mabel, am I anything at all to you ? If laml do not ask you to pledge yourself to me until I have proved myself worthy of you." And Mabel, with the softened feeling called into being by wit nessing poor Mary Jane's quiet patience, and with all the love ana pity of her woman's heart, yielded to her lover's prayer, and the doubts and miseries of three years were swept away in a few moments. It was a merry groupround the Lin woods' table that evening. The plans for Christ mas were fully discussed. Charlie and Frank were to accompany Mabel home to Melbourne, so Harry Wilford decided to go also. " I am so glad you are coming back with us, Harry," said Mabel to him later in the evening. " Dr. Wilford has taken your absence and long silence greatly to heart, and so has Herbert. You will give them a Christmas joy they little expect." That night after they had all retired Harry stood by the open window gazing on the starry sky, yet seeing it not. He was not thinking of his father or of Herbert, nor yet of lovely Mabel, but of the lone camp tire and the strangely-urged advice of poor Tom Burton. Chapter 111. LIGHTS AND SHADOWS. Out of the body for ever, And wearily sobbing, " Oh whither I" A soul that hath wasted its chances Floats on the limitless Ether. Henry Kendall. " Are you going out to-night, Herbert ?" " For an hour or two, father. I promised to call at the Demote. Mias Dermot is ex pected home to-day, and some of the Lin woods are coming with her. But if you want me " " No, my son, go your way." And Dr. Wilford with a heavy sigh began to pace slowly up and down the room. He was a reserved dignified-looking man, tall and well-proportioned. His dark hair was thickly dashed with silver, and there were more lines on his face than time had traced. Herbert watched him in silence for a few moments, seeing that he was troubled more than usual to- night, and feeling uncertain whether he ought to quietly withdraw him self from intruding upon a grief he could not lessen, or strive to show his sympathy in some way. A sudden thought struck him. " Father, do you remember the Linwoods were old schoolmates of Harry's? They may have heard or seen something of him." Dr. Wilford did not reply immediately, but when he did he stood and faced his son, and Herbert saw that he was strangely moved. " If it were necessary to find Harry, no doubt he could be traced, but what might we find? We remember him as Harry, light-hearted, generous, and brave, a little inclined to be wild. Once I fondly hoped his evident attachment for Mabel Dermot would have been the means of making him all he was so capable of being, but it would seem not to have been strong enough for his own good, and now what change may three years have wrought in him ! You cannot understand me, Herbert; this sorrow is the echo of another one, and it wrings my very soul. I was so proud of my boys, and H.irry I think I loved most, but to you I can say this Christmas eve," and Dr. Wilford laid his hand on the young man's shoulder, " God bless you, my son, you never grieved your father's heart." Herbert pressed his father's hand and left the room. Dr. Wilford seated himself at his desk and opened a secret drawer. The first thing he took out was a likeness of Harry, and he gazed at it long and earnestly. "My poor boy," he said aloud, "where are you to night 1 To leave me like that with only a cold cruel message, and not a word to any of us these three years !" His head sank on the desk before him, and the minutes slipped uuheeded by as he recalled the past, from the bright-eyed laughing baby he had so often tossed in his arms with all the pride of a father over his first-born boy, to the heedless young pan who would answer his reproof with smiles, acknowledge his faults, but never leave them, and who had wandered away from home and friends ; ah, whither ? Then he took up a portrait of the fair woman who liad been the dear com panion of his wedded life. "If she had been spared to us it might have been dif ferent. She always- knew how to manage Harry better than I did, how to make allow ance for his faults without encouraging them, and to lead him into better ways without his being aware that he was being led." Then he drew forth some letters faded and time-worn, but treasured still; and as he read them one by one the thoughts of other days came over him until he almost felt that the gulf was bridged between the living and the dead, and that to reach out his hand would be to grasp another that had long been folded at rest. There was another likeness at the bottom of the drawer; he had not looked at it for many a year, but he took it out now, and after silently ex amining it replaced it in the desk with the weary sadness of a troubled mind. The quick opening of the outside door caused him to start and glance at the clock. Herbert returned, and so'soon ! He heard footsteps approaching, footsteps of more than one person. The door opened, and Herbert's face, smiling and radiant, ap peared. Dr. Wilford started to his feet— "Herbert, you have brought me news ! " " I have brought you better than news, father, I have brought" But his companionpushed him aside and entered the room. His bright fearless eye met the doctor's gaze, though his faltering lips refused to speak. "Harry! my son !" was all the father said, as he clasped the hands he had never expected to hold in his again. And Herbert with a glad heart left the room. It was an hour afterwards, when the three were sitting together, that Harry told them how he had been persuaded to return home, and the story Tom Burton had related to him by the camp fire. Dr. Wilford listened attentively, and when Harry concluded asked— " How old would you take this man to be, and what is his general appearance V " He is a middle-aged man I should say, but probably looks older than he really is. As to his appearance, that is a rather diffi cult matter to describe, but I have his photo here. We Mb in with a travelling artist and got taken in a group for fun. And Harry drew a card from nis pocket. "We are a rough-looking lot. There he is, this one in the middle." Dr. Wilford took the card in his hand and examined it for a few moments; then raised his head and looked at Harry. "And his name you say is " " Tom Burton." "His name is Burton Wilford, my brother," The two young men started. "Yes, you are surprised. I never spoke of him to you before, not knowing whether he was dead or alive. Of the crime he thought to commit I never dreamed, nor yet that I stood in the way of his happiness. Your dear mother, I know, never had any feeling for him but pure sisterly affection and gratitude for his kindness to her afflicted mother. That I should hear the truth after all these years, and from my own son's lips —from Mary's son!" Dr. Wilford was much moved and paced the floor with his head bowed in his hands; but after a short time regained his composure and resumed his seat at the desk, which he opened, and taking out the last portrait he had examined handed it to Harry. " There is Burton as I knew him last. You will be able to trace a likeness yourself; features like his do not alter much." "The likeness is unmistakable," said Harry. " I should say it was Tom Burton's son." "Do you think he had any suspicion of his relationship to you, Harry V " I feel sure now that he had no doubt on the point. He attached himself to me soon after we became acquainted, watched over me always, and saved me out of many a scrape that I should have run into if I had been left to myself ; and only to induce me to return home did he tell me that dark episode in ,his former life." " And in it he has not done himself justice by any means," said the doctor. " A braver and a truer lad I never saw. And the bright promise of that fair morning of his life has been blighted by a dark shadow that he kept to himself, and its gloom has en veloped his whole life. Ah, why did he not confide in me; why did he not trust me ? How much easier it would have been to have forgiven him than to have borne all the doubts and surmises his sudden disap pearance necessarily created ! Harry, you little know the bitterness that has been mine; first my brother, whom I loved so well, and then my son "• " Father," said Harry, " if I had known that you cared for me so much I would never have done it. I have been a careless thoughtless fellow all my life, I am afraid, but I hope I shall never give you cause to say you are ashamed of me." Dr. Wilford's face lighted up with one of bis sweet grave smiles as hepressed Harry's hand in Bilence; and then Harry, to change a subject which he saw was so distressing to ilia father, spoke of Mabel, and how he hoped soon to prove that he deserved her love. Dr. Wilford was much pleased, and assured his son that nothing could give him greater pleasure ; but Mb thoughts soon reverted to his unfortunate brother. " Poor Burton ! I must find him out; I must see him again. This long estrange ment shall be done away with. He has re stored me my son, and he is my brother still." And, when at last the two young men retired, he returned to his desk and penned a long loving letter to Burton Wilford, in which he made no allusion to the dark at tempted crime, but dwelt on the joy it gave him to welcome Harry home again, and to hear at last tidings of his long-lost brother. He filled up pages with old recollections of boyish days and pleasant hours they had passed together, and concluded by saying that he hoped soon to hear from him, or, better still, to see him ; and the day was beginning to dawn before the doctor sought repose. A few hours later he despatched the little messenger on its mission of peace and goodwill. But it was too late ! While the pleasures of Christmastide were reigning supreme—Harry and Mabel lovingly sketching plans for the future, Herbert showing the young Linwoods all the wonders of Melbourne, and Dr. Wilford smiling benignantly on all—a very different scene was taking place in a lonely hut on one of the out-stations in the Far North. Poor Tom Burton had been stricken down with fever, and from want of care at first aud proper attendance was now fast sinking into insensibility. His old mates, Bill and Jim, had given up their long-looked^for Christmas spree to attend to him, and were now standing beside the rough bunk where the poor emaciated body of their patient was lying. " Poor Tom, he'll never get over it," Baid Jim in a low tone. Bill shook his head slowly.' Burton had been raving incoherently all day, but was now lying quietly. Presently, he opened his eyes and glanced all rouna the room. " Herbert," he said faintly, " I •want Herbert Wilford." "It's Harry Wilford you're meaning, Tom," said Jim. "He 'aint here; he's left us and gone south." " Yes, I remember; but it is Herbert I want. Nevermind, it is too late now." He lay quiet for a few moments as if listening, and then said, " Jim, do you remember what was said to the weary and heavy laden— about giving them a rest ? I want to hear those words again before I die." "Don't know much about them tbingß, mate," said Jim, in a broken voice. " I wish I did for your sake." The man's ready flippancy had altogether deserted him in the awe of Death's presence. Shortly after poor Burton relapsed into in sensibility, and a few hours utter expired without a struggle. It was not till some months afterwards that Dr. Wilford succeeded in gaining in formation of his brother, and learning the particulars of his last hours. This was com municated to him by Jim, who had been overlanding to Melbourne, and was recog nised by Harry in the street and brought home by him to his f&ther.; Dr. Wilford asked many questions, and listened to all Jim had to say with the greatest attention ; and it was long a matter of wonder to Jim what interest a man like Dr. Wilford could have in the fate of a poor devil like Tom Burton. 