; THE water question is daily becoming more urgeii t( anH the daily increasing demands on the present limited supply , uugt be our eKCU3e f or again returning to ' the subject. " The ' " quantity - supplied from the Moonta tanks on Thursday last was about' 150 hogsheads per day ; and since then the demand has increased to ovet{400 hogsheads. If the demand continues to increase at the rate additional pumps will have to ba put on thg tanks, and the ejid of the present week or the middle of next week, at the farthest, will see the tanks quite empty, if no rain comes. That the demand will increase on the present daily rate of delivery is certain. The quantity in private tanks both on the J mine and in the town is daily diminish- \ iag. A number of persons who hoped they had sufficient to last until the rain came, now find that their tanks are empty; those who have been assisting their neighbors who were not so^ well off as themselves, now have to say 'No' to all who come to beg, borrow, or buy, for they are not sure that they will have sufficient for themselves; others who have been selling- freely from their large private tanks are also getting short, nnd those who havei been supplied by them have now to go to the public tanks, so that the purely local demand on these is daily increasing to a very large extent. In addition to this the farmers from Agery, Kalkabury, Penang, Bald Hills and Weetulta have now to come to Moonta for their supplies, and consequently the supply that at the rate of last week's consumption was calculated to last for four or five weeks, cannot now be reckoned upon to hold out half that time, the demand in four days having more than doubled, It is quite time that our local authorities began to bestir themselves in the matter, unless they have some assurance that rain will fall in copious showers during the current week. Some arrangement should at once be made with Government for sending on a supply from ihe city, if it can be spared, or with the mining authorities for setting the stills to work. We understand the Moonta Mining Company are already arranging to distil water for their own supply, and possibly they would be quite willing to sell to the public also if the matter was brought before them. At any rate no time should be lost in dealing with the question, for there can be no doubt that we are face to face with a water famine equal to that of five years ago, and there no knowing how soon it will last. How very insular a large number of the English peopio are in their ideas is plainly shown by the opposition which has been raised in the House of Commons to the proposal of Mr. Gladstone to introduce the clotwe, in a modified form, for the purpose of facilitating tlie business of Parliament. One of the chief objections to Mr. Gladstone's scheme is that it is un-English, According to these objectors English institutions are the sum of all goodness, and nothing that is of foreign extraction or growth can possibly be an improvement on that which has been approved of by English people for a number of years. Another objection raised is the very sentimental one that is very frequently used by clap-trap orators—that it is an interference with the liberty of the subject. It matters not in the opinion of these sentimentalists that the sub jects interfered with may be only lialfa-dozen or half-a-score, whilst on the other side there may bo hundreds who are annoyed, pestered, tantalised and put to their wits ends by the obstruction of a small minority whose patent and avowed purpose is simply to annoj the majority because they cannot have their own way; the rights of the minority must be conserved at the ex- pense and the discomfort of the greater number and the entire suspension of the business of the country. To most people who are not troubled with extreme English prejudices, and in whose minds the element of common-senbe is more largely developed than that of mere sentiment, it will appear that the adoption of Mr Gladstone's proposal would be an excellent way out of what is acknowledged on all hands to be an unpleasant difficulty. That the obstruction of a few members materially impeded the progress of legislation last year is a fact that cannot be denied ; that the same party of obstructionists are determined to offer all possible opposition to the transaction of the legitimate business of the country this year, unless they can carry their own absurd proposals, is also a fact that is not denied by the most determined opposera of the clsture scheme. Now, most people possessing ordinary commonsense, would, we should imagine, hail with pleasure the introduction of any scheme that would conserve the rights of the majority and provide for the uninterupted continuance of public business, by closing the mouths of the obstructionsts. But No, 14 the thing sought to be introduced is . foreign, it is un-English, it interferes with the liberty of discussion, it will burke debate" and a dozen other objections are raised against it air more or less lacking the essential element of commousenee, and possibly the House of Commons will declare against it, and if, as we are informed by late telegrams, it is made a Cabinet 1 question, the Government ybo thrown out rimplj b ^ wants to carry on the business of the country, . . . . Ferhaps it would not be a calamity to the Liberals if they are. thrown out of office at the present'juncture; we should then see how the Conservatives would deal with the Irwti difficulty, THE excitement caused by the incautious speech of General Scobeloff has not yet died out. Austria is vigilant and Germany indignantly demands - an explanation. Russia puts the best face on the matter that she possibly can, and explains that the General's speech was simply the utterance of a private individual, and that consequently the Government is not responsible. The belligerent General is also recalled from his post, and will no doubt receive a reprimand when he gets home ; for though there may have been truth in his utterances, and they may have aptly described Russian feeling on the question, yet he has been somewhat premature, and consequently will have to suffer for his rashness. •* * * THE city of Adelaide is not without its water troubles. 'There is, it appearsLplentiful supply, put that supply IB ratb< er a mixed and mnra more than * a h*.h« little imnnr impure. The fact is the pipes have a lot of fishes in tbem—fishes that have been bred in unpleasantly close quarters—and now that they have grown, and the weather is hot 1 , and'the frash supply conung into the reservoirs is limited, some of the ~fish want to get out, others have yielded up the ghost in the pipes and make their presence known in a very unpleasant w'ay, and consequently the people of Adelaide [are being furnished with [flsh-food and drink at the same time ; but the fish being uncooked are not palatable and the effect is the reverse of beneficial to the general health and comfort. * * • . IN an article dealing with the water supply the Advertiser of Saturday has the following remarks :—" The Parliament will have to deal seriously with this question, for the demands made upon the State are continually increasing, and too cominonly are most unreasonable. On the Peninsula the people are asking the Government to supply them with water by rail from tanks miles, and sometimes many miles, distant, at the rate of sixpence per hogshead—jut>t half what the people of Adelaide paid before the waterworks were constructed, and when the cartage rangel from 200 yards to about a mile. The Government should take measures to prevent the calamaties arising from an absolute want of wa:er ; but people should learn that wheu they are supplied with this article they should pay at least what it costs, as they have to do for any other necessary of life." Perhaps the Advertiser forgets, or is not aware that this water has again to be c. rr ed by the purchasers from two to a dozen miles and that by the time it is got to the larmer'a homestead it costs cot siderably more than the Adelaide peoj le ecer hid to yay for water since the co ony has been founded. * * * • • THR Adelaide folks have just finished a short round of excitement over the visit of the German war-ship, Carola, andjjow they will have an opportunity of doing the amiable to the Russian equadron which arrived off Glenelg on Sundaj. During the stay "of tlie'fequadron in Melbourne the Admiral aud hik'officers were subjected to a continual round of festivU ties, and w4 suppofie the folks in Adelaide, as representing South Australia, will not be behind their neighbors across the border in the welcome they will accord to tlie countrymen of the Duchess of Edinburgh. It will be as well for South Australian pressmen to remember that the Russian Admiral is not a good hand at taking a joke, aB he was greatly offended at a skit which appeared in the Aje last week, professing to be an intercepted telegram. We ' hope our big brothers, the Adelaide dailies, will bt, pood and not say a naughty word about Russia or the Russians whi st the squadron is in our waters. There is no knowing how the thing might end. OUE boards of advice are not yet all that they might be (writes the Atticus" in the Leader). . In one of the back districts a body of this kind recently waited upon the inspector to discuss with him the best site for a new school. Tne chairman was suspected of being unable to wiite his own name, and possibly on that account recently created a J.P. by Sir Bryan Q'Loghlen, pointed out on ,the map the two spots recommended with this luminous exposition— "You see, aorr, there's a rhadious of childer here, and a circomference of childer there. If you put the skule here you discommodate the circomference ; and if you put it there you disconvanience the rhadious. So, bedad, I suggist you put it betwixt and between." * * * * LAST week we published a telegram from V : ctoria stating that the Yountt Band Mine, Ballarat, had just cleaned up after a crushing that gave splendid returns.- Another telegram, published in Monday's Register reveals the fact that the Young Band men have been poaching on their neighbor's preserves, and. that may partly account for the great improvement which has taken place in the property recently. The telegram says :—" There was a singular mining dispute at Ballarrat early on Saturday morning. A watchman at the Band and Albion Consols learned that some men in the employ of the Young Band Extended Compauy were working in the former mine. The watchman informed the Manager of the Band and Albion Consols, who went below, taking some workmeu with him, and found the Young Band men knocking down quartz behind a barricade. They refused to desist, and the Consols Manager proceeded to remove the barricade, when tjie intruders were ejected. Poisonous ftimes caused the Consols men to retreat, some of them suffering severely. The police were then taken below, but the poisonous fumes being again ejected they likewise were forced to retire. Later in the day the Manager of the Young Band and some of his workmen wcr^ arrested." 