Open Column. INFALLIBILITY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In a former communication I intimated to your Protestaut corespondent that if from your liberality I could obtain sufficient s] .ce, I would willingly undertake to prove that the Catholi-; Church possesses the divine att: i jute of infallibility, an attribute the cxistei -;e of which, if proved, he admits to be by far the safest guide in all matters rela'ing to our eternal salvation. Now so far from ignoring its existence anywhere, he admits it in the Bible. I am plea-sed with tiiat acknowledgement, it gives in at the start a common ground of agreement, for I nd idly admit that inasmuch as the Bible is 3 word of God it cannot be otherwise than infallible, tut how does he proceed in order to discover its infallibility ? He does not read it and interpret it as he thinks best. Who does he get to do it for him? Not his ministers, for according to his own admission they have no authority to do so from their church or anywhere else, they only, as it were, throw out suggestions, guesses, and let their hearers jud c whether their conclusions " are in harmony with the word of God or not." But really he would not allow the people to do even that, for they inust uot interpret it "as they think best J" I suppose it was the worst interpretation he applied when he discovered that the Bible never contradicts itself—is always on the side of morality &c;, &c.; "Auy interpretation taken of Scripture must agree with Scripture" SO says your correspondent, and so say.all of us, if such iidtrpreUUioa is tlw, corn-ct one, uot otherwise. He tells us the Scriptures must bo harmonious with themselves. Who denies it ? But he won't let us harmonize them. lie is evidently the founder of a new sect of Protestants, for I never yet beard of a Protestaut who denies -the " right" of private judgment. What next, and next ? One sect tells him to " read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest the Bible," but he says truly such a course " would open the floodgates to carnal interpretation." I really believe tint what he calls my " pretty analogie il case" has landed him on the horns of a d l'liiuia ; but I will be clia- it ible, and give him auother opportunity of explaining any further meaning he may have hiddeii, and f.-.iling that, if he is an honest disputant, he will candidly avow that his publicly professed system of Biblical interpretation is opposed alike to reason and common sense. But iu the meantime as I am not quite sure that he has al) tudoned his private judgment. I will give him the benefit of the doubt, and consider that at least as yet he lias not given it up. Then I imtiutiiin that.it is that principle of private judgment which he seems to like, but is afraid of, tliat would destroy the. inherent harm my of the Scriptures. As a proof witness, the numberless contradictory deductions drawn from any one disputed passaise. Do they all agree with Scripture? They cannot possibly be all right. Oh, but "ybtir correspondent says, they are " trivial differences." Surely lie. must be either trifling with your readers common seiwc or with the word of Go 1. I hope it is not the latter. Does he consider it a trivial matter to deny the Divinity of Christ ? it a trivial matter to teach that some men are predestined to he dammed ? Is it a trivial matter to inculcate in the minds of people that there Js no snchrplace^s bell, or if there J is, that its punishments are not eternal ? If such differences are of no moment we may be told next that it is a trivial matter whether there is a God or not. Sir, the man who seriously tells me that those differences are not of the most vital importance is fit only to be excluded f:pm the category of rational beings, and placed outside the pale of reasouing humanity. Nothing but trivial differences in the sects ! Why then do we find the Prot»-stant people of this colony being gulled into expending so much money in the building of so many churches, paying hanlsome salaries to ministers to teach "theirdistinctive doctrines, erecting colleges for the training of those ministers, and periodically complaining of the dearth of miuisters in one -sect, while thefe, is. a surplus in another ? and after all tho*e vpiy ministers, according to your correHpondfenrcJ do not olficiate on tiie authority of their eharch. Where is the harmony 1 Echo answers " Moiiy." No, Sir, there is no sectarian harmony, nor ever will be so long as the principle of private judguieiit exists among them; and the more labor is expended upon its introduction the farther it recedes. Suppose then he tells me that private judgment is all sufficient to draw a complete, perfect, aud infallible rule of faith and life from the Bible, he must in the /irstplacebe infallibly ccrtaiu that he ha«the whole Bible and tiothiug but the DiviueJWorditself ; he must also be infallibly convinced of its inspiration and authenticity without, any extraneous aid ; secondly, he must be infallibly sure that lie lias picked out the correct rule of faith aud life therein contained. I maintain that it is"' absolutely impossible for any man to do these things on the principle of private judgment. If your correspondent thinks otherwise, I here publicly challenge him to do so. What then must we do with the Bible ? Evidently according to your correspondent's reasoning (if reasoning it can be called) the only legitimate course to pursue is to leave it alone, unread, uninterpreted, aud as a consequence its infallibility a dead letter. But. that is far from Catholic teaching. As thea infallibility. " is by^. far the safest," where shall wc seek it? Hot In thede id letter of the Bible, uor yet in our oivn individual interpretation of it, but we must seek it where it can be found outride of, yet coexisting and in complete harmony with the vrittm word of God, and consequently the only true and reliable interpreter of Divine revelation. In order to facilitate our progress in this search, lot us first of all know what it is we do seek—what Catholics mean aud understand by the infallibf^cy of their church, for without a proper understanding of that preliminary wu might be discu 'sing aud arguing till doomsday, .-m l not arrive at a sensible conclusion. I have said that infallibility must he coexisting and harmonious with the holy Scripture, otherwise it would not be Divine, and as the Bible must not be interpreted at the whiin of every man, so neither must that infallibility receive a "carual interpretation." Infallibility then is according to Catholic teaching a technical term, having a precise &ud; definite meaning, and that meaning is understood by Catholics thus—Nod Almighty iu His infinite wi«dotn having thought proper to reveal His Divine will and law — so far as regards our eternal salvat-o;i—'ias done so whether by speaking or writiiig, of course infallibly ; and during the sixty centuries that have elapsed since He first gave that revelation to man iu promising a Redeemer, He has conferred that prerogative on mortals chosen by Him to guard, preserve, and interpret that Divine law, so that our obedience thereof might be the means of saving us through Christ from the consequences of tliat crime which made such revelation at all necessary. Now in the interpretation of that law we recognise no infallibility outside of what concerns our eternal salvation. We u-stiict it to tiie truths relating to faith and morals which we are bound to believe iu order to be saved, and when I show , your readers where that prerogative exists let me ii"t be understood to i oniound infallibility with impeccability (as the great bulk of Protestants, your correspondent included, do), for it does not follow that tbe person charged with the administi ati->n or interpretation of the law must necessarily be held incapable of breaking it. Such reasoning is obviously fal'ac'ons. It is also very unfair indeed to deny the existence of such iu:'i.llihi]ity in auy man or bodj' of men for the. mere reasou that we find them when speaking or writing upon any matter political, social, or philosophical, which do not concern our soul's salvation that they speak and write like other fallible men. But we must not be surprised at that as_ well as other truths being continually misrepresented, for it was by misrepresentation tiiat sin and all its dreadful consequences first entered into the world, and the Father of Lies linding how successful his fir^t 1 attempt in that line was on our first parents, has never lost sight of its terrible importance. Having now endeavored to show what Catholics mean and understand by infallibility, I will proceed to prove the claims of the Catholic Church to that Divine characteristic. I presume no christian not even a "Protestant" will deny tliat the patriarchs and prophets were infallible in writing aad interpreting the ~z,yr to the people of the old covenant. Nor that Jesus Christ was infallible in perfecting, fulfilling, and interpreting that law to the people of the new. Neither do I think any christian will have the temerity to say that the Apostles were nothing more than fallible men in their preaching, teaching, and partly writing titst law made perfect for them by their Divine mas' Noiw, when we find patriarch succeeding patriarch, prophet succeeding prophet, in ail uninterrupted course since the promise of a redeemer to Adam, till the incarnation of that Divine Redeemer Himself, and when we find Him appointing meu to succeed Him in the interpretation aud administration of that law, do we not see the absolute necessity of the Divine prerogative of infallibility being conferred or rather continued in the persons chosen by Him to perform that offee "tilt the consummation of the world." Can we imagine th.*vt the Divine economy would be abruptly put and Ad to rhcu the last of those whom He had thus ommissioned should have passed to his . cward? If we once admit the possibility of such an interruption in the economy of the Divine lawgiver, we try to nullify or destroy the most Iteautiful principle of revealed truth ; but as we cannot accomplish each a destruction, so neither can we admit such an interruption. Lest we should be tempted to do so let us hear His bleated injunctions, manifestly indicating His ador - able will:—" AJl jiogfer -is ,given, to inc.inhgaveri and on earth. Go, therefore, teach all nations and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world. Preach the gospel to every creature, he that believeth shall be saved, lie that believeth not-shall be eondemued. The Holy Ghost will, teach yon all truth. : -He that does not hear the church let him' be to thee as the heathen and the publican. He that heareth you, heareth me, and he that despiseth you, despiseth me. Thou art Peter, and upon this rock. I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Amidst this mass of testimonies who can not see the institution of an infallible teaching authority utterly incapable of teaching anything necessary to our salvation which could by any possibility be tainted with error ? Why should not such a divine, superhuman, and perpetual assistance produce as a result infallibility of teaching? . Surely without any more proofs we have here an indisputable fact that there is a living, spealMig, teaching, infallible authority in the church of God to-day, as there was when Christ spoke to His apostles face to face. Such then is a plain statement of a simple trnth uneinbellislied by auy of the profound, theological learning of ancient or .modern days, w hich as a common working man. I cannot of cou.'se lay claim to. This is Catholic teaching regarding Divine revelation and its connection with our souls' salvation/ An infallible tribunal to appeal to in al) doubtful questions of vitally-iniportant significance, which may arise in the exercise of ourown unreliable private judgment. S;irely tha* is not preferring the.authority of fallible men to. tt^ Scriptures ; quite the .contrary., Now Protest*iv's deny that, and in its stead: would foolishly ./.lace the^ooinpiete sufficiency of private judgment; that upas, tree whope seed is doubt, who^e blossom is scepticism,. and whose decay is tfee dried and withered trunk of barren infidelity. Since writing the above I have had tiie unspeakable pleasure of reading "A Protestant's" latest contribution to this controversy, and I really don't know which to admire most, his wonderful generosity in offering to pay for a whole columu in your paper for my use in order that I should fid it with something that might give him a chance of escaping from the dilemma into which his own unreasonable and j "<^nsi|ffef'i)ti HftSPr^Wifl with »e«ard to fcfaft Hfrlf-iategacgtfflg^iKble has placed him (but he wifl . find me not' quite so pliable), or the complacent silence he observes with legard "to the peculiar Protestantism he professes. Perhaps he is a rev. somebody, who is afraid lest his congregation should find their minister so utterly unable to defend their religion in a public print. However, be that as it may, he haB left me iu the full exercise of my private judgment as to whether he is a follower of Luther, Calvin, Knox, Fox, Swedenborg, Johanna Southcote, or the Nunawadding Messiah, or, in fact, anything or anybody I chose ; I . only know him by the indefinite term " Protestant." Let us see what other tiling I asked him in my last letter which he conveniently leaves unanswered. I asked him in effect what edi ion of the Bible he considers infallible ? No answer. Must be interpret' it as he thiuks not best ? No auswer. Would he use the latest translation of the Now Testament ? No answer. Where was the self-inte'rpretiug Bible from the "time of Christ till its first publication? No answer. We will now see «ha^. he has attempted to answer. I asked him what was the primeval light ? But lo and behold, though " hi* mind is revelliug in the light of the self-interpreting Bible" he accommodatingly turns his back to it, and has recourse to modem science! treating your. ceadqta to a most learned disquisition upou what is"'*generally received" about heat, combustion, electricity, galvanism, the Aurora Borealis, spectrum aualysis, and winds up with invitiug us to study. the " Book of Nature" in order to discover the ic fallibility of the Bible! Comment is unnecessary. He goes oil then with the worr.-out tale of Gallileo, but we shall have more to say about him when bis turns comes. I asked him what I am to understand bv "seas flying, mountain. skipping," &c.;, he refers mc to several passages of the Bible, but at the same time I s n uot to interpret them as I tliiuk .best! Again about the generations from Abraham to Christ. I atn referred to G-mises xii. 3 ; well here it is ;roti King James's Bible—"And I will bless thein that bless t'aee, and curse them that curse thee, and make thy name great, AikL thou shalt be a blessing." Oil, most al-1e controversialist wilt you please tell your readers how that interprets St. Matthew when he counts forty-two g-merciious where there are only forty-one, and as you " revel so much in the light," it would be an " exceedingly plain" task to reconcile that chapter of bt. Matthew with the 3rd of St. Luke. Listen to wh*t he says about Catholics b -ing saved; " I should be sorry to regard many of niy ; Catholic friends excluded from heaven because of the errors of their church." What, errors a passport to heaven ! oh, but they will go there " iu spite of their church." Fancy the Catholic Church trying to keep people out of heaven ! and imagine also a man living in a religion that defies the Catholic Church, and yet !>eiii Sir, from my remarks in my last a letter Catholic UIKM * ' tha^ point, I thought a child could understand that I was alluding to the wholesale introduction of "self-interpreting" Bibles into Catholic countries, but your correspondent's egotism prompts him to adopt a differed * meaning—he savs, "if my defence (?) of the Bible as the pure word of God and the, rule of life is disturbing to the faith, theu their faith" (but let me finish . the sentence as it ought to be) is very shallow and groundless indeed. I assure your correspondent that, to my knowledge he is disturbing-the faith - of some of his own co-religionists by his utter inj&ilitv; to defend it. But I.have not yet done with bis last effusion. If yours reailars will turn back to the paragraph where he talks about " Lux" being conveniently hazy, aud remarks about the dilemma upon which he /tax impaled himself, be goes ou to say' "But our views are dissimilar just at this point, "Lux" claims that the church is infallible, and I claim that the Bible is infallible."... Now,.sir,,I here charge .your correspondent, whoever he may be, with unpardonable disingenousness, or if he prefers it with wilful misrepresentation. For he certainly does know that Catholics believe in the infallibility of .the Bible as much as the Protestants, and knowiug that I say it is unpardonable in him to put the case in that way to your readers, clearly intimating that the question at issue is the infallibility of the Bible versus the infallibility of the Chorch. The real question is this—Is the Bible itself the best interpreter of its own infallibility, independently of oartaJdi«g the best interpretation we can of it? ' or is the- Catholic Church, which claims to b& infallible, to be regarded as an infinitely saferexponent of the Divine law than oar own in reliable private- judgment ! Now, so farin the controversy, your correspondent ha& been placed on the defensive of -the former of those pu&itions;* and he evidently does sot like it from tbe shifting, btiffnifig, twisting^ misleading manner in which be impatiently tries to come -to the attack of the. lattert In eaeh of his letters-he evidently must "burst" if lie does not "bile over" with. something about Pope against Rape, council e^aiust council, &e.; Let mft advise- him to. preserve his superlative amount-of ecclesiastical lore nntil we come to deal with church histery, when, I assure him, he will need it In the meantime allow me to remind "him of the old Swiss proverb—" It takes a great many-shovelfuls of dirt to hide tiie truth." In drawing this rather long letter to a close I will once more ask your correspondent if" he is prepared to accept the challenge given, above, if. eo, we will wait tbe result beforewe consider the remainder of tbe subjects viz^ the troth of Catholic^eachngconcern^ ing infallibility, and.:"&he; application. ot Christ's words to that church and tio other.. I make this remark because i cannotseettheif advisability k> any eonfcroversy of.--proceed- - ing to disenjh any question natii the proceeding one having a direct relation to. tbet matter.. in dispnte . is ^definitely, settled. . Further, in the face of -my eyplwmtifw a£<. this branch of Catholic teaching;-, if. yoar-^ correspondent persistently »and. offensively ; rejteracjs-fcis assertion ttoptKbholiei^iVrl ferriug fal«cble authority to tiie Scriptures, I must respectfully decline any further cor-- respondence with him on the subject. - . If my statement of Catholic teaching concerning infallibility has - dispelled any clouds of misconception that (nay have en- ; velopcd the minds of Protestants, I shall ; feel pleased to think tiiat - ray turn de plttnteis not quite inappropriate when -I sign myself ? 