THE NOVELIST. NIL DESPEtfANDUM! I AN AUSTRALIAN NOVELETTE. [By M. K. Stafpobd Bord.J CHAPTER IIL " Lore took up the harp of life, And struck on all its chords with might." TfiiNNVSON. Mys. Harleigh thought a trip to Paringa the very thing Margaret needed) Verily, the girl looked pale and depressed when she came down to breakfast. Her heavy eyes brightened with surprise when she found Vivian at the table. He had returned with Lyndon from Bangor House. " Why, Meg," said her brother, " you look like a ghost. It is time I took you away to the Gram pians; and here is a letter from George. He is off by the mail to his brother at Ceylon. Are you fond of hymns, Vivian ? Did you ever hear this one ? Oh! did we take for heaven above But half the pains that wa lake daily here ior woman's love. What angels we should be!" Vivian smiled, and a warm shade came to his bronzed cheek. "Perhaps, you will explain the connec tion?" "No. I don't know that I can," said Lyndon, glancing at Meg's . downcast eyes, "let us change the subject—reumoya a nos moutom! Mother wishes us to take your little maid up with us on Friday." Meg—"She.does not place much confi dence in my man and wife." "Your what?" asked Vivian in a startled tone. •" Well, I believe the institution is an Aus tralian one; in this instance the case assumes | a Trinitarian aspect, as there is a small boy J thrown in, who opens the gates, &c.;, &c.;" " Lyndon, you are very absurd, besides being irreverent," said his mother; " tell Captain Vivian about it, sensibly, while I talk to Margaret." J After breakfast Vivian followed Margaret i into the garden; before we join them let us do a little eavesdropping. Lyndon—" I think you should not ask I Captain Vivian here so often. He may think (though he seems free enough from conceit) ' we have designs upon him for Margaret; be sides, though we met him often m Devon shire we do not know much about him. I feel anxious. You know bis mother was a Spaniard, and I have always heard they have violent tempers, and are jealous and exacting." "Spanish? Well, now, I thought there was a touch of Southern blood about him When Meg threw him over last night for poor George he looked like a smouldering volcano." * Do you think Margaret likes him ? "Doyou, mother? Don't be alarmed. I am sure he is capital form, and honestly, I think him a splendid fellow, almost good enough for Meg. I have seen a great deal of him in these last three months, and he has put his mind alongside of mine on most j subjects. He is going up to Bulla- bulla on 1 Friday (not by any arrangement of mine), but if it will soothe your troubled mind I will agree not to ask him over to Paringa (bet my head he will turn up on Saturday); r old and look here, you dear old mother, dou't he worrying as to his mother's disposition, we all know what a fearful temper you have, and yet I am convinced I shall make a model husband, and Lady Jones thinks so too!" With these parting words Lyndon left the room, and though doubtless we shall be de trop, w e intend to stroll after tbe gallant captain, who is feeling his way, and endeavouring to keep cool enough to calculate his chances. Margaret is a pigeon-fancier, and shows with pride her collection of those lovely birds to Vivian. "This is an Australian bird," as a bronze wing flew on her wrist, "and that lavender trimmed with black is the native dove—is it not pretty, just like complimentary mourn ing? ' She picked up a pretty wing-feather, " Beautiful! do you think they would live in England?" " Oh ! yes; we had some parrots at home. Blue Mountains, they were perfectly h eal thy." "Do yon intend to remain in Australia? Mrs. Harleigh spoke this morning as though she might some dav return to Emrland." she might some day return to England." " Oh! yes; I suppose we shall go home after a while. Our home there is let for three years; we have been out two, and if Lyndon married we should go home." " Miss Jones seems determined to capture him. I was sorry for him last night; after you left Lady Jones carried us off to look at the family portraits. Such a set—the Jones family are fearfully and wonderfully made. Let us sit down; you look so tired. Your brother was pointedly requested to notice a vacancy near tbe likeness of the blooming Miss Owen, and told that place was left for ' Gwen s young man.'" " Isn't she a fearful girl? I should fly off by telegraph despatch if Lyu thought of 1 her." I "I donfc think there is any dinger: but now I want an explanation, Miss Harleigh. Why did you turn me off for that 'old friend ?' I expected to see an elderly gentle man of commanding presence—some big-wig or Professor; but -when that fellow caine upJ and walked you away as if you belonged tc him I felt very much inclined to dispute his I right." " But I asked you first, and I wished to give him one dance." "I went to look at you very soon after, and you were not in the ballroom." Margaret's face flushed, but she said, I coolly—"I really do not see that it matters much to you where I wasand she rose from the low garden-seat. " Don't go yet, Margaret. I am off to my | Bhip this morning, and this is my last chance till Friday. I worried myself over this affair till daylight. Sit down again. Only tell me j one thing—Was it this man, anything he said or did, that made you ill last night? You don't look well yet!" i Margaret took a long look at his face, and the tender, longing anxiety Bhe saw there broke down all her pride, and she said, in a low voice— I "Yes, it was." I "Oh! Margaret, tell me then, quickly," his breath came fast, and he looked very unlike Gordon's Spanish matador (his soubri quet in Melbourne). " Pale and passionless and cold." Be grasped her hand, which lay on the dividing arm of the wooden seat, almost roughly. "Do you care for liim? Do you love him?" Her pride rose-again; but one glance at ; the eyes, in which entreaty and command j were blended, and. shemurmured. " No, no, not that; but he is my friend, j and was very unhappy." Vivian drew a long breath. " He loves you. Icould see it in his face, I meant to wait longer; to feel more sure; hut now, I must speak—you surely know I love you. Look at me, Margaret, don't you know it?" Her eyes fell again before the passiouiate look in his. Did she fear that hers would " speak too plainly." She tried to answer, hut her lips trembled. "Canyou love me a little? I think you like me, unless," and Margaret's reputation as la belle dame sans merci came to his mind, and his face changed, "you have been Hei playing with me ? Speak, for Heaven's sake, tell me?" Margaret pulled herself together, so to speak, drew Iter hand away from Vivian's strong clasp, and sat well back in her corner. Taking a straight look at him she said— " What is it you ask me ? What must I tell you ?" " Can you love me ? Will you many me ?" Margaret waited a moment, stroking the native dove's feather in her, pretty hands, while Vivian grew white to his very lips. " I like you very much, but I don't want to marry you." What could a man do with such an answer as that. He watched her face. It seemed a long time before her sweet brown eyes sought his. " But, Margaret, is there any one else you like better?" " Oh no, but I have often thought I liked peojjle; and then when they want to talk about marrying I cannot." This was said evidently with great effort." " And do you mean that as I have, in my turn, reached that unpleasant point, you will prefer to give me my dismissal—let me go away as that fellow did last night. Tell me, Margaret, would you he glad, relieved, if I sailed away to- morrow not to return ?" " She looked up quickly, and how can I put on paper what he saw in her -eyes ? My darling! I think you love me, though you don't know it. Can't you tell mewbat is in your thoughts ? Your eyes say ' I love you,' and your words say no. Listen, Mar garet. No other woman has been for one moment in my thoughts since I used to meet you in Devonshire. Surely you owe me something. Try to speak to me. You look so frightened." " If you wouldn't look at me so fiercely I could speak. You take my breath away. "Well, give me that feather," he took the hand too; "and I will try to be tame." " This is how it is. I think, if I say yes, that I love you"—it was with qreat effort that Vivian continued his scrutiny of the dove's feather—" then we shall be engaged; and after that you will want to hurry up the wedding—I have seen it happen so often— and all the friends say there is nothing to wait for: and then we would be married. No; don t look at me ! When people are married they so soon begin to grow dull, as if all the fun were over. Vivian could not, for the life of him, help smiling. " Well, if you like, Margaret, we will leave things as they are till you return from Paringa. Only say you like me better than any 011c else and I will try to be patient." " Oh, yes ! I can say that." "Look st me, just for one moment," and he pressed her hand to his lips. " I am quite sure that I can make you love me, so that you will be glad to come to me, to be all my own !" Tbey stood up, and just then Lyndon's buggy came round from the stables to the bail door. " Good-by; I. am sure you are mine;" and Vivian hurried to the house to say fare well to bis hostess. Meg went back to her pigeons, to try and regain her usual calm and cool demeanour belore rejoining her mother. As the two men drove rapidly along the St. Kilda-road Vivian said— "I have spoken this morning to your sister, Harleigh. I simpose you have seen how it is with me? I ought to let you or Mrs. Harleigh know before things go any further." " Well, I can safely Eay an arrangement between you and Meg would be pleasing to me, though I can't admire the thought of my home without her." 'There is no definite engagement," said Vivian ; " but I think I have reason to hope all will go well. I wish you would give Mrs. Herlcigji an idea of what is afloat. I suppose I ought to have asked her leave; but she is so kind, she will forgive mo." " Circumstances over which you had no control, &c.;, &c.; I will make it all right with her. Here we'ave at Menzies'. Good by, oid fellow, till Friday," Meg found her mother engaged with some country friends who had conic to spend a long day. At luncheon Lyndon joined the party, and reminded Mc£ tlicy were engaged to a garden party at the Swindon's, some friends living the other side of Toorak. "'Meg is not fit for it; she ought to rest this afternoon. You have to start so early to-morrow." Margaret, however, expressed herself anxious to go, saying she felt quite well again ; so after seeing Mrs. Harleigh and her friends off on a shopping tour she made her self brave in a tennis costume, and joined her brother at the hall door. " You wili he captured, by Gwen Jones," said Meg, as they drove off; " they are going to-day. Do be careful." " Your sisterly anxiety does you credit, Meg; but I am not so easily caught. How about your own affairs? I see, with my mind's eye, a chain stealing round your neck; you will'be wooed and married, and a' before you know where you are !" "I don't think you know of what you are talking. I am as free as you are." " lou are ! then why do you fly those danger flags," said Lyndon, looking at her crimson cheeks. "Never mind, Meg, I won't tease you any more. I saw your pro perty safely to Menzies', and he seemed in a most jubilant frame of mind—in fact, inti mated that he had not the smallest doubt as to the result of certain negotiations. I thought you girls (fishers of men) always liked to play a fish for a while before you landed him. When did the fortress surrender—this morning? The sight of those cooing doves in your aviary must have been too much for you." Meg looked really angry; the colour came and went in her pretty face. "It is a pity Captain Vivian makes so sure; and you are utterly mistaken." Lyndon began to fear he was doing mis chief, and, as usual, in trying to mend matters, made " confusion worse con founded." "Well now, seriously, I won't chaff any more. I think Vivian a capital fellow, he would suit you down to the ground, Meg. He looked so happy this morning, Til be bound he'll give those unfortunate blue jackets an easy tune of it to- day. He is such a handsome fellow too, as like Bracy as two pins ! When he was looking after you going off with George, he looked just like Bracy in •La Perichole,' tied to the pillar in that dungeon; do you remember ? I thought he meditated a cutting-out expedition!" And now they drove in at the large gates of the Swindon mansion. At the hall door they were welcomed by a son of the house, who led them to the tennis- ground, where some thirty or forty of the ilitc of Melbourne were assembled. Mrs. Swindon made room for Margaret on a seat of rustic wood- work, which encircled a large elm—large in a com parative sense, large for Australia. " I hoped you would have brought Captain Vivian with you, Miss Harleigh/' said the hoBteBB with a meaning smile. " Lady Jones told me all about it just now; I hope you will allow me to congratulate you. I am very sure we all shall consider Captain Vivian a lucky man." Margaret could hardly believe her ears, but with a great effort she looked quietly in Mrs, Swindon's face( and said— " You are quite mistaken, there is no reason for congratulation; Captain Vivian is a friend of my brother's, and went back to his ship to-day." "I am sure I beg your pardon, but Lady Jones was so sure. She said it was an engage ment, and gave me to understand that Captain Vivian informed her of the fact last night." Margaret was speechless. His last words rang in her ears, " I am sure you are mine i" and, what else had he said? "I can make you love me, so that yon will be glad to come to me." j She found some one speaking to her, young Swindon. " No, thanks; I think I will look on to-day. 1 Can you take me to Lady Jonesand aa she stood up she said pleasantly to Mrs. Swindon, " I had better set this little matter right at once." • 1 have a shrewd suspicion that Mr. Swin don did not choose the most' direct path to the locality where her portly ladyship was to be found. He was quite sensible to the pleasure of walking beside the graceful slender figure, in its tight-fitting dark-blue dress, relieved by a scarf of some rich golden coloured stuff, and small hat of the same materials. ■ " Ah! thanks Mr. Swindon, I see Lady Jones. I am sorry to have taken you from your game," and Margaret left her cavalier, who stood looking after her, till a friend touched him on the shoulder. "Lost in thought Swindon? Oh, I see, juBt been dis missed. Well, I agree with you, that is the prettiest figure in Melbourne. Come along; heard this little song ?" ] John Brown be was a good old man Who lived in days of yore, Ho used to wear a long brown coat Ail buttoned down before. But ladies in these present days Display a different mind, They wear their dresses short and slashed, And buttoned down behind I Lady Jones belonged to a class well known to dwellers in Australia. She and Sir Owen bad worked their way up through many of the various strata composing the social crust. " Sir 0," as his wife generally called him, had been a shepherd in New South Wales: Lady Jones had, during the early years of her colonial life, devoted her attention to culinary operations. Kind Mrs. Harleigh, speaking of her ladyship to Captain Vivian, said— "Such a good-natured woman and a splendid cook !" " I can easily imagine it," said the sailor without a glimmer 01 a smile; " in fact, she looks like it." The Jones family had just returned from the grand tour; had " done" very thoroughly Europe and America, and it was during their sojourn in Italy that their comely persons and superabundant charms had been depicted on canvas by " one of the old masters r Margaret walked slowly, wondering how she should open fire. It was a difficult matter, but the girl's spirit was roused. " I am sure you arc mine," he had said to her, and now it seems he had boasted to others of the easy conquest; of how, like the ring in " Der Lowengarten," he had but "winkt init dein finger," and the doors of her heart had flown open to admit him! This thought was unbearable. " How ue do, Miss Harleigh," said Lady Jones, and she fired the first shot. t Con tinuing, " Me and Owen were just saying we must fiud you out, and make our compliments to you; but lor, my dear, what ever wiil Mrs. Harleigh do when you go sailing round the world with Captain Vivian?" " I have no present intention of making a voyage. What can have made you think so ?" " Come now, Miss Margaret'. You are too ! sly. Didn't I see you two sitting together in the garden, and the captain a looking at you I as if you were a wax image. And after you went home, he and Mr. Lyndon, they talked and talked, and I heard what the captain said. Lor, my dear! You need not look so \- if f , proud. If I was a girl I couldn't resist him, I'm sure, and the uniform and all!" " But Lady Jones, I came to look for you on purpose to tell you that it is a mistake. Mrs. Swindon told me just now that you had said I was engaged." "But I heard him myself. He asked your brother if the arrangement would suit Mrs. Harleigh, and Mr. Lyndon said he knew she would he delighted. Those were his words. And he put his arm on the captain's shoulder quite brother-like, and he says, 1 If you can arrange that to-morrow morning it will be a great relief to my mind.'" "And what did Captain Vivian say?" Margaret's voice was low and steady, out there was an ominous gleam in her eyes. "The captain, he Baid he bad no doubt at all; so now. Miss Margaret, you might as well tell an old friend all about it." "There is nothing to tell, except that I am not engaged to Captain Vivian, nor likely to be. If you are my friend, LadylJones," and tbe girl s voice grew low and earnest, "please centradict this absurd report; I shall be much obliged to you." " Well, I never! and I made so sure!" Here, to Margaret's great relief, young Swindon intervened to beg her to come and play; and that young man never found Miss Harleigh so graciouB and agreeable as on this occasion. She talked and laughed, and after the game sauntered about with him till the ' pour moth singed his wings, and swore (inwardly), as other moths have before him, that this flame was the only flame in the world for him. Margaret managed to avoid a tite-a-tgle with Lyndon, feeling she had not courage to a6k for an explanation, and indeed being only too sure there was no room for doubt. She offered a seat to a girl friend who lived close to Mmhurst, and the homeward drive was shortened by lively chat on "various kinds of things." Our heroine found her mother still engaged with visitors, and hastened to her room—a large, cool chamber, flanked by dressing room andbathroom. She sent Tina for that in variable resource of human nature (feminine), a cup of tea, and having doffed the tennis costume before mentioned, and donned a cool white wrapper, she lay back in her low chair. au;l told 1 ina she must not be disturbed till dressing time. That faithful Madchfen retired, and for the first time since the morning Margaret could calmly review her position. At first the memory of the scene in the garden haunted her; the deep low voice which had said as much by its tone of suppressed feeling as by words. She looked at the hand he had kissed, and seemed to feel again the touch which liaa i ent such a tremor of fear and love through hir veins—fear, lest her sailor lover might see, too soon, the power he had pained over her heart—that heart which had been so well guarded hitherto—and love—ah, Margaret, Queen of the Daisies 1 She only knew toe well that she was, like Samson, .shorn of hi strength—at the mercy of the foie—from the day when she had found she could not calmly meet the gaze of those dark eyes she had known, though she would not allow herself to think it out, that she was no longer free. But ah 1 what is this ? How the sweet face changes! It has been tinged with a soft colour, a pale shade of that nue which stole over the virgin cheek of Eve as she stood before the '"grand old gardener," "celestial rosy-red, love's proper hue." (That same ' gardener of old. if Milton is to be believed, seems to have had a discriminating admira tion of other beauties than the brilliant colouring of hie flowers and the symmetrical' proportions of his fruit-trees.) Margaret threw off the musing mood which had taken possession of her. She walked to the window, from which might be seen pleasant glimpses of the blue waters of the, bay, and tall masts, whose outlines she knew ' very well, betrayed the presence of visitors from other seas. Her mental vision turns to the drive to Toorak, and Lyndon's mocking words coma ' toiler— " When did the fortress surrender ?" She throws herself into her low. chair, and . wearily determines that Captain Vivian shall - find a girl's heart is notquiteso easily won as he imagines;. If only she had not made that' fatal admission in the garden, that she'liked him better than any one else. How the hot flush of shame and anger dyed her cheeks at the remembrance.. She had said this to a ' man who had boasted the night before of his certain success. Well, a woman can alwayB change her mind, and she had not said love—only like— that was one very fortunate point secured. 1 do not think she cared to follow up the probable sequence of events to their ultimate issue. All she thought of at present was to avenge her wounded pride. - 