THE HOUSE. Milk Scones.—Mix a pint of cream with as much flour as will make a firm paste, add a little salt, knead well, roll out thin, and bake on a girdle over a clear fire. Send the cakes to table hot and buttered. Milk Suet for Hoarseness or Loss of Voice.—Cut into shavings an ounce of mutton suet and put it with a pint of new milk into a stewpan over a slow fire, add the rind of quarter of a lemon, a small stick of cinnamon, and enough white sugar to sweeten as liked. When the suet has dissolved and the flavor of lemon and cinnamon is obtained it is ready. Strain and serve hot. Mushroom Ketchup.—Gather the mush rooms when fully ripe, fresh, and perfectly dry. The large mushroom flaps arc the best. Do not wash nor skim them, but bo careful to remove any decayed or worm eaten por tions ; cut oft" about half an inch from the end of the stalks, then break the rest into small pieces. Put them into an earthen jar and strew three-quarters of a pound of salt amongst two gallons of mushrooms, spread ing the larger portion over the top. Let them remain until next day, when they must be stirred gently with a wooden spoon, repeat this three times daily for two days, then put the jar into a cool oven for about half an hour, next strain the liquid which flows from the mushrooms through a coarse cloth ano let it boil for fifteen minutes. The mushrooms must not be squeezed; to every quart of the liquid allow, and add, a quarter of an ounce each of Jamaica pepper, and a drachm of mace; boil again until the quantity is reduced one-half, pour it out and let it stand until cool, then carefully—so that the sediment at the bottom may be undis turbed—pour it into perfectly dry bottles, tie bladder over the corks, and keep in a cool, dry place. Oysters and Sweatbread.—Soak a calf's sweetbread in water for an hour, boil it in salted water for ten minutes, cut it into neat pieces, and with it two ounces of bacon; beard a dozen oysters and mix them with the meat, sprinkle over all a little pepper and salt, two tablespoonfuls of chopped parsley, a minced shalot, half a teaspoonful of powdered thyme, and four ounces of finely-grated bread crumbs; place the oysters, sweetbread, and bacon alternately on small skewers; fry in hot butter until lightly browned, then remove the skewers and serve the meat and oysters on a hot dish, squeeze the juice of a lemon over them, and pour into the dish some good brown gravy. Parapets—Twins. When a friend asked a reformed inebriate the cause of his reformation he said;—"As you are married you will quite understand it when I say getting tipsy made ine see my mother-in-law double. Scene in the auditorium of a theatre— Actor (who has appeared in the first piece)— " Good evening! May I take the seat next to you?" Lady—"Certainly; but don't you appear any more to-night?" Actor—"No." Lady—"Oh, I'm so glad! Please sit down." "They tell me Brown has a great ear for music," said Fenderson. "Yes," replied Fogg; "I knew he had a great ear, two of them, in fact; but I did not know that they were for music, I supposed they were for brushing flies off the top of his head." "How are you getting along?" asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost—" Very well, indeed—much better than during my twenty years married life on earth." Widow (delighted)—"Then you are in heaven ?" " Oh, no." A little boy asked his mamma the following questions, to which all mamma's answers are not yet recorded: " Mamma, if a bear should swallow n;c I would die, wouldn't I ?" " Yes, dear." " And would I go to heaven ?" " Yes, dear." "And would the bear have to go, too? 3 ; A Highland teetotaller was found drinking at. his breakfast at a wayside inn, where he thought that he should not be known. " Ochj Donald, and we tkoclit ye were an abstainer," exclaimed a deacon, who looked in unex pectedly. "And so I am," was the reply, " but ye ken, my friend, that I am no a bigoted one." A lady taking tea at a small company, being very fond of hot rolls, was asked to have another. "Beally, I cannot," she modestly replied. " I don't know how many I have eaten already." "I do," unexpectedly cried a juvenile upstart, whose mother had allowed lnm a scat at table. "You've eaten eight; I've been eountin'!" "That's a stupid brute of yours, John," said a Scotch minister to his parishioner, the peat dealer, who drove his merchandise from door to door in a small cart drawn by a donkey: " I never see you but the creature is braying." "All, sir," returned the peat dealer, "ye ken hearts warm when frien's meet. Printe"! and Published by the Proprietors, Thomas Iton, Fuederk. C^n-Eir Bukdbn, and JoHlT LAyoyoir Buy; v; icon, at thehf Office-, IT Wild wa sad Weymouth Streets' A-icilfcidc, 