INTERCOLONIAL. TELEGRAMS NEW SOUTH. WALES. : SYDNEY. . " ' .Saturday. It bos been decided that Jones is to go to England as one .of tbe Auatrsliftn Eleven. '1 he tramway joining Camden "with Camp belltownwas opened yesterday. The length is 7* miles, and ihe cost was £2,934? per mile. The gauge is that of the railways, and it is in all respects a light railway line. All the patients at the smallpox hospital are now convalescent The captain and officers of the German war ship in harbour, with the foreign consuls, were entertained by theMini3tersTe?tcrday with atrip to the Blue Mountains. * A man named Henry Buckley- struck his wife such a severe blow with bis fist oh Thurs day that she died from the effects. -Buckley was .drunk at. the time. "The unfortunato. woman hnd been out visiting and had returned "homelate . A man j nmcd Edward Darlon has been arrested at Albury charged with driving a mob of borses without a travelling statement. * On investigation it turned but that the horses had been stolen from MessrsvMTntyre,.of Glen ficld, near Wagga. Theaccuscdwos committed fortial. Hesperian is now third "favourite 'for the Newmarket Handicap. The Ghost lias received good support, and is firm at 5 to 1; Xarpent, 8to l; Slurry lias receded to 100to G ; 10 to 5 any other. - Ncw3 has been, received here that the Wari ganui ("*.35) Cup'was'won 'by' HriMorm, "Vir ginia being second; and Dauphin third. TliA fiwf. cAiillinff pftnfAst. f/ir TTwiff'a The first sculling contest for Krug's Cham pagne Cup .of a. hundred guineas ' will take place over, the champion., coursa on May'27. The entries close on May 6.-. .The cup must be rowed for bybona fide nm&tcuw.; The following have been selected to represent Sjdney in the intercolonial handball match Messrs. E. Farrcll (captain), J. Kiernan. J. Heagncy, and J. Walsh. . The weather is fine and warm. Monday. Mr. Barnett, landlord of a hotcl'at Temora, was bitten on the hand , by a spider. - Fatal .results were feared, but he is now recovering slowly- •• . / " 1 n the A li-comers' Handicap Hace at' the Woolloomooloo Regatta, 8. Edwards, feather weight, beat Solomon at 40 Iba.j, and J. C. Laycock at 40 lbs., easily.. - •; The new club called the ^Opossum consists mostly of member* of i.the dramatic profession. The members had a jovial evening on Friday. ?"A fire broke out in White's grocery:shop, in Bourke-sfreet, early yesterday morning.. Tho damage done is estimated at £125. Wellington his been sold to Mr. A. K. FinUy for £1,000, and £100 for every year lie lives. The Duchess, by winning the three and. four-year-old handicaps, has nearly recouped her owners, r Mr. Phillips, owner of'Pell Mell was very dissatisfied at his trainers'-conduct ia*i»a allowing Commotion: to win when ho declared'-'"^ to win' with Pell Pell. ■ Betting is quiet, the '■ chief book makcre not having returned frojB-''-1,S Melbourne.' ' ! \ ;: At' Hanging Book Diggings, on Fndny la3t;"B' ;"i Beizieka obtained a round weight of gold," and'"" is now taking out gold in quantilios of equally ' "' ' ' surprising richness.* He found a large patch a few weeks ago.' ' '• . •' The weather is warm. . *.-* Joseph Busicta', who has" recently had same' good finds at Hanging Bock Diggings, got 0 lbs. '""; of gold ua Saturday. -:r Kmanuel Dew, who was shot by the man ^ £ Christie dnring a freo fight at .Hunter's HiH- i lato on Friday night, is in a critical.Btate' Christie line hcon remanded for n week- He'"f: states that ho was pelted with stones by a mob-.'' of larrikins, and only fired in self-def< nee . A mob of larrikins assaulted a Chinaman tc» terday and injured : himseverely The f scoundrels escaped.- •• • --- . . Tuesday.-. A special train left Sydney yesterday morning. with a lot of passengers for the land sale at . > } Camden.-At Campbelltown- the passengers-'-', were transhipped to the tram running to Cam-; : . den.' On returning with one load. the , motor-. j ran on to a siding, into Bomo trucks, throwing- - * two men off the car, severely, injuring them ■ ■ and .'disabling the motor.' Two doctors who-: were among the passengers had a violent dis- • '•■ pute as to who shonld attend the sufferers, and.' such expressions as " quack" were freely nsed. -si ' The second tram load from Camden also met- -; with a mishap. The motor ran into three- '.' bullocks on the line, ono mile from' Campbell- -" .7 town, killing tbem and disabling the motor. There was only another eDgine available, and ' as it could not draw the weight several trips--.-iU' had to be made. Finally the passengers go- •; to Sydney at 2 o'clock this morning. 1 - - : A large number of sportsmen have returned- - from Melbourne. • -■■.■'7 The general entries for the A.J.O. ard - Sydney Turf Club meetings take place to-day. ' • ■ The gallops so far hare been but of little inter-- • 1 -- est. Sir Oliver, Lord Clifdcn, and Monmouth ■ look woll: . "Wheatear and Segenhoe have can- :' tered CTery morning. Springdalo looks rather-. - poor. ... Wednesday. 1 Betting is dull. A few doubles are occa-: i e. sionally laid about the Hawkesbury Handicap-1' - and the Cup. , Sweet 'William is -first favourite • . for the Cup, at4to 1. offered. The general , .-. - ■ entries for the Cup are good. The Czar, and Trovallyn were scratched yesterday, for tho-.-.: Hawkesbury Handicap. The privileges of the - booths, stalls, and race hooks realised.a high - , figure. Sir Oliver and lord Clifden will: ■ shortly be oifered for salo by Clibborn .. -, The following are the Melbourne non-accept- fi ances for the Sydney Cup: —Belladrum, Sir Peter, Coriolanus, Santa Claus, "Waterloo,. . - Joseph, Sapper Tandy, Martiridalo, and Chuck-: - ster, leaving forty-nine acceptances. .. . 