7AJOR PLAINS COURSING CLUB. The second meetof the season came off Sa advertized on the local ,ground, viz., through theb paddoucigrfprivate la'downera:wlio liidly. permittld<their use'for the~'occiailon( Fod'r ,teen ddgs were entered, and the coursing oc. cupied two d~ays..; The club was much en. couraged at receivieg entries from well-known sportsmen of Benalla and Shepporton. The weather was all that could be.desired, and the coursing proved to be the beet of the seea son,i vioing, according. to. the judgment eof veteran end' experienced sportsmen; with that ,of;any ie Victoria. Over '150 visitors owere present.' Mrt Miioadel Deagae graei(iboesly actedr;o-judgeand _won- for- himself..goden opinions from all, and which he riohilyear'id' by.his ;irndepeadept eand impartiab judgment, togethe'r witl'his itemenhly'cond?driot through. out. Not a single diesentant voice was heard, and haleft.thefield:heartily.oheered. ?Mr W,.J.. Mageonis wae the slipper, and acquitted him. self so as to win. the approval of all interested, and considerin ":the two. days heavy walking ihe had, his ofifewas no'sinecure. It is to be hoped the club will be able to retain his ser; vices for the neit year. .The stewards were the same as on the Ineatoccasion, and gave every satisfaction collectively and individually. The result of the first round'was:-- + Magic baet MIodeat Maid "Moire '. -., : .Rutstle I . Intrepid'.' ,, Witch ..--" , Zoo ma , . Jobhnny ,": S "Fair Qeen.., "Zelau ' Zot (Oo'rmasn) i;.. "Benalla Belle Harkawa."' .,, ' Don Juan Aohsa ,?'-"'bet: : Ma1eg ' lntrepid.i;l ) .. : Zoo i Fairy Queen ':- + , . Zulu : - Harkaway, a bye . SECOND TIES.. Intrepid beatm. K Moirta Harknaway ",, Fairy Queen <.Doreir o'! cusic.' Mr Mat. Ryano'sf.i:. d arkaway, by:Oee Gee-KMatleen, beat Mr W J. . Magennia's f.w.d. Intrepid, by Planet \- -Moll,-and-won.-- The particulars are asee follow :--First round-M-odest Maid. led Maigio for the flist drive, tholdo' getting in some clever exchanges made in ".a. .long.course, but, Magiobeing able to la~tti tB ladgeat,'won on exciting coarsec After a no&.'goi loira led:tho veteran Rustir for the first brace, when the IBenallaito made-'a determined effort to equalize matters, but the, daughtt r of Claverhouse was too many for him, and won a regular pumper, driving the bare to cover. -KWitcb and Intrepid went from a good slip to a ?acir?g hae'r,' when both, dogs, scored rapidly, but puas getting into' the scrub en abled the judge to. decide in favor of the dog 'by a point. The. favorite, Johnny, was fsster than Zoe up the hill, but the-little slut getting on level ground soon settled the pretensions of the favorite, ~inning 'with any amount to spare.; -Fairy Queen-was ever so much faster than Zuluin a-long- course, beating the black dog pointless. After an undecided, Zulu (Gorman's) had the foot of Benalla Bell in a moderate course, the black slut tiring at thie finish. Harkaway easily disposed of Don Juan. First. ties.--hoira was faster than Magio for the best! half.dozena points. Magic, however, made anotherdetermined effort, and eventually won a very nea ?thing. To the surprise of the friends of Zoe,. Intrepid raced clean . away,. never giving her a ghost of a show.. Zulu was quicker away than FairyQueen, and scored' the first brace;, hen the Shepparton slut, after' turning a somersault, gained faston" the Be. nallaite,' and' when on even -terms' th'ieepei-i taters witnessed a-treat. The friends of both dogs became very- exoited'; however;'the yel . low slat, being a little clever, enabled the judge to decide in her favor. Harkaway, a bye. Secor.d tiesT.-Intiepid "iasily defeated-'Moira .in a short run, the slut having injhred' herself 'in a previous couree. ":Harkaway was stronger. than Fairy Queen on heavy ground, and easily disposed of the slut, finishing with a clever kill.. ,.Deciding courso.-Harkaway and In. trepid raced side by aide, scouring point for point, and amid great excitement both dog's made a drive for puss at the edge of a deep drain, the trio tumbling clean into it. Hark away, with puss in his mouth, enabled the judge to decide in his favor. Thus ending two days of'the most perfect enjoyable sport; The evening of the settling up was held'at Kierhan's Rock of' Cashel Ho'el, when a very pleasant one was spent, several toasts being enthusiastically drunk, the principal of which' were, "The Judge," " President,"- .. Slip. per," "Secretary," ".Visitors," " Winners," "LaLoosee," Press," " Ladies," and '.Host,": which were suitably responded to. Songs and' recitations intervened. The success attending the efforts of the young club argues well for its future-a success that should really be its due, having for its coursing ground the best in :the district. ' - 