A Girl's Ideal. BY A. C. CHAPTER XIL-" EXCEPT ONE PERSON." Prom trna time, Mr. Maclood and Miss Mary Hamilton met very frequently, and were more or less "talked about" in connection with one ano ther. They met accidentally on lonely roads, the girl, being an energetic pedestrian, usually taking her walks abroad by herself, and the man riding about the country, apparently for no other pur pose than to look fer her ; and great waB the sen sation whon they were observed by passers-by from Abercorn, sauntering comfortably along the roadside together, absorbed in confidential talk. Thou Mr. Macleod was seen about the streets of the township, as he never used to bo soon in the old days, before his trip to Europe (when he was thought to hold himself too much aloof from those who, if not landowners, were mon and bro thers, and quito as good as ho) ; and it was no ticed that his horse was hung up at tho bank more often than was consistent with the theory of busi ness engagements. Tho young bank and Govern ment clerks used to stand on the other side of the street and stare up at tho drawing-room windows when ho was there, and could not boliovo but that he was" after" their golden-haired paragon of perfection, and morely using the sister as a go between. An impression, by the way; that was shared by MÍSB Nina herself for a considerable length of time. Then tho owner of Bungil (who had ero while restricted himself in tho enjoyment of his social pleasures to a particular sphere, lying wholly outside tho rango of those enter tainments) appeared at the little parties and musical evenings that wore so much in vogue in Abercorn, having, it was prosumed, previously ingratiated himsolf in an altogether abnormal manner with the heads of tho household in which hospitalities woro disponsed. As ho had never been seen amongst them in this familiar way be fore, the Abercorn gossips were a good deal agitated, and set themselves to find out the special strong reason that must havo inducod him so to break through tho traditions of his family, and the reason was not far to seek ; it lay spread out before their very eyes so that a child might seo it. At first they were only certain that it was one of the Hamilton sisters, and could not make up thoir minds which. Both would brighten up when he entered the room ; both would look at him expec tantly. Nina would blush and smile, and look conscious and coquettish. Nina nearly always was tho first to speak to him, and would call him to her side if she had the chance ; and Nina, in everybody's estimation, was tho natural choice for a man likte him to make. But always he drifted to Mary sooner or later, and always Mfiry received him with a quiet bright contentment ; and though, more often than not, they did not begin to talk immediately, there was that in tho look of thom when they subsided togother, on one sofa or on contiguous chairs, that indicated to anybody possessing a grain of intelligence, that there was a bond and an understanding of some sort botwen thom. Finally, the public mind was set at rest by the fact that he had been hoard to address her as " dear"-and in a whisper-when helping her down the churchyard stops after ser vice on a dark Sunday night. " Take caro, dear," he had said. Mrs. Jones was close behind him, perfectly satisfied in her own mind that ho had not come all the way from Bungil to attend ser vice at night (and a wet night, too) for the first time in the memory of man, for a proper purpose, and she heard him say it with her own ears ; and, apparently, the girl was accustomed to hearing him call her "dear," for she made no protest, she just went down tho steps cautiously, holding his hand, and on reaching the footpath took his arm, and walked off with him in the rain, with her head under his umbrella, " as bold as you please." After this, Mrs. Jones/ who was the strong minded wife of a solicitor, and the mouthpiece of public opinion in Abercorn (or had been, rather, before Mrs Hamilton's arrival) felt it her duty to call at the bank and acquaint the deluded mother with what was going on. To those (and they . were many) who were privy to the mission, and who watched Mrs. Jones anxiously when she wont out and when she returnod homo, there were dark indications that that powerful woman had not been so victorious in her friendly encounter with Mrs. Hamilton as she was wont to be in her many, generous efforts to set her neighbours right, and to regulate the conduct of their affairs ; but that her errand had been, in the main, successful, was speedily apparent to all. In tho first place, Mr. Butler and Mrs. Hamilton went alone to Bungil (the man at the hotel told the Jones's groom that that was where the single buggy, hurriedly or dered by the banker, had gone to, which interest ing and significant intelligence was conveyed, through the Jones's housemaid, to Mrs. Jones) j and they did not return until " all hours." Then Mr. Macleod, for two or three days, almost lived at the bank, so constantly was hoseen'goinginand out ; and onco Mrs. Lepel came and carried off Mary for a tete-a-icic di-ive in her pony carriage (which was a feature of the proceedings that no body could understand) ; and then, all at once, Macleods and Lepols were seen no more in Aher ! corn, but only Nina, looking wretchedly ill and cross, and Mary, grave and pale, with that deter mined set in her mouth, holding her head up, and giving herself airs ; and Mrs. Hamilton, flustered in manner, but smiling in face, going about tell ing everybody that Mr. Macleod, of Bungil, had proposed to. her youngest daughter , and was dying to have her, but that Mary, stupid child, had re fused him, which, as the Abercorn ladies said to ono another, was a tale for the marines, and not for thom. A long timo after this, when the Hamiltons had been moro than a year in Abercorn, and pub lic opinion was quite unanimous to the effect that they had attempted to " hook" tho marriageable man of tho neighbourhood, and had failed, a mys terious circumstance occurred. It was pn tho occasion of a public .holiday and a certain race meeting, a few miles off, which annually emptied Abercorn of its inhabitants. All the buggies in the 'placo, packed with gaily-dresséd holiday makers and their well-filled luncheon baskets, had been gone for some hours ; banks and stores were closed ; the streets were deserted, savé^that here and there a servant peered out at a door or over a gate to look fer another servant to talk to ; and Mary Hamilton, who had given up her seat in the family conveyance to a lady more anxious to go to the races than she, was keeping house with only an old maid friend for company, when Mr. Mac leod came riding into tho township, and stopped at the Bank of Australasia. Mary and her friend were up stairs in the draw ing-room, very busy over some homely needle work, when the door bell rang. The old maid, Miss Masters by name, put her head out of the window and recognised the aristocratic lineaments of the horse tied by the bridle to a post outside. "Oh, my dear, I do believe it is Mr. Macleod, of Bungil !" she murmured in an awestruck whisper. , Than Mary ran to tho window and looked down with a flushed face and beating heart. " So it is/' she said, with a catch of her breath. " That is his Lapwing. He never allows anybody to ride her but himself. And we havo sent Jane out !" " My dear, what will you do ?" " I'll go down and let him in," said Mary, hur riedly ; and she wont out of the room like a flash, leaving her friend to gather up, in frantic haste and excitement, all the snips and litter that their unfashionable occupation had produced. Mr. Macleod stood on the doorstep, rapping his leggings with his riding whip. The heavy hall door, with its complicated fastenings, opened, and Mary stood before him, with an anxious, startled, wistful face, not a face of welcome, but certainly not a face of reproval or reproach. They claspod hands silently, and looked at each other. "You didn't expect to seo nie to-day P" ho sug gested, with a little embarrassment. " No, Mr. Macleod, I didn't oxpoct to soe you at all. But to-day-to-day, I thought you would be at the races." "That wasn't why you stayed at home, was it?": " No. I stayed becauso there was not room for me in the waggonette very well, and I didn't care about it. But you aro a judge, or something, . aren't you ?" " Only a steward. I have been to the races. I have just come away. I shouldn't have gone if I hadn't hoped to see you ; and when 1 saw you were not there., then I thought I would como and look for you." ."Why? What is the uso P It only makes everybody miserable." ' " I had a reason for wanting to seo you to-day, particularly. You don't mind my coming liko this, do you?" w: " Only that mother is out. Nobody is afc home except Miss Masters, who ia sponding the day with me." . .-. ? ? i " Where is Miss Masters ?" ; ."Upstairs." , . " I, don't want to soo anybody but you. Lot me come into tho dining-room, may TP Just for five minutes, Mary." ; ' ; She hesitatod, and then stood back a little, and be came into the hall and shut tho door ; and then they entered tho dull and rather shabby little dining-room together. Neither of them sat down. "lara going away," said Mr. Macleod, abruptly. ** I can't stand this sort of thing any longer, Mary, aud I am going to travel again. Nothing wants ino at Bungil, and it's too deadly dull and solitary living there ,!all by mysolf. I've got sick of tho whole thing, and rostless, and I'm going to try a change. And I thought I would like to soo you again before I wont." She stood beforo him, leaning against tho tablo, supporting horself upon the edge of it with her hands-an attitude showing all tho lovely lines of her flawless figure to porf oction, and ho thought as ho looked at it, and at her downcast face, that she was the most beautiful woman ho had over seen. " I thought at least you'd like to say good-bye to me," he added, as she kept silence, with her eyes fixed on tho toos of his boots. " I don't liko it !" she burst out, passionately. , *' I hate to say good-bye. I can't boar you to go away like that, as if I woro driving you from your homo !" "Well, if you'll tell mo to stay, I'll stay fast enough." - ; "You ought to look after your property and your tenants, and tho interests of your coun try-a great landowner like you." fts" I have a splendid manager, and the best of overseers ; and I have'no vocation for politics." " And aren't there any girls in the world but me p B? you would only make up your mind to it -if you would only settle down and look out for a nice wife of your own rank-you might bo so happy, if you would !" "My dear child," interrupted Mr. Macleod, gently, "you needn't waste your breath going ovor all that old ground again. You know there is only one woman in tho world for me, and that I can't be happy without her," " You won't try." # "No ; I won't try. Simply because I know it is no use trying." " Haven't I to try P And it helps me. If I gave way as you do-I, who never have anything, though I would be content with so littlo-life would be too dreary to put up with. Think .how it used to be with you before you saw me ; and what chances a man has with money and posi tion, and splendid health and strongth like yours ! Mr. Macleod, do try-to comfort rae." " I wish you wouldn't always call mo Mr. Mac lood," he interrupted, rather sharply. " Don-I feel BO impertinent when I call you Dôn-Don, Btay at Bungil to work, and try to make yoursolf happy, won't you ? Let me help you where I can; let me be your friend, your sister." "No, I won't have you for a sister. I want bread. I don't want a stone. Tho time for compromises of that sort is long gono by. I nniat either have you as I want you or I must clear out altogether, where I can't bo tantalised beyond all bearing as I am now." " I like you BO muoh/'said Mary, sweeping her handkerchief oyór hor shining oyes. rfI like to know you are at Bungil, even if I never see you. I like you more than I can say-though the way mother and Nina are always abusing mo for not marrying you would be enough to make me hato'you if you were anybody else. I love you," she added suddenly, " for it is more than liking j I love you better than any man in the world, ex cept- except one person." "Tes, except one person-ono shadow, one ghost, one dream. Are you always going to give yourself to that person, Mary, who never comes to ask for you-who will never want you as I do ?" "Perhaps he will come some day. If not-I cannot help it, but I feel that I must Btill wait for him. Oh, don't you see how it is, ? Just as you can't help choosing me, I can't help choosing him. Ho is my first love, I think he will be my last, and I cannot marry anybody else. I wish I could-I wish I could." Ho drew her hands from her faoe, and drew her to him, as ho stood before her, with his back to the empty hearth. She made no re sistance, but laid hor face on his shoulder, and wept there. " I will go away for a littlo while/' he said, gently, with an unskeady intonation of voice. "It will bo hotter for us both. But I will come back before long. And, Mary, if you think you owe me any compensation for what I am suffering for your sake, promise me something that will comfort me." " What ? I will promise anything." " To let me know all that happens, to let me help you if you got into any trouble, not to shut me out of your life nltogother because you have refused to marry me, to let me bo a sort of father and brothor rolled in ono, if I mayn't be your husband. You would not let conventional non sense provont you from doing that ? I will givo you my agent's address in London." " Is that all ?" sho responded readily. " No, I wouldn't bo afraid to do that. I would sooner tell you things than anybody." Five minutes later, Miss Masters, leaning over the banisters on the landing above, witnessed the parting at the hall door. She saw Mr. Macleod take tho girl in his arms and kiss hor ; and sho distinctly heard Mary say, as she held her hand kerchief to her eyes, " O, Don, I wish you would not go !" She wished he wouldn't go! And she called him Don ! Things were coming to a pretty pass, thought the scandalised old maid. CHAPTER XIII.-A LETTER. ? Whilo Mr. Macleod wa3 away on, hiB travels, ho recoivod tho following letter" from Mrs. Lepel :- ? 1 ' "Dear old Boy,- , ' ! "How are you getting on? Do you feel any better for having seen tho Yosemite Valloy ? and does Salt Lake City comfort you at all ? We are all moped to death hero for want of you, if that is any consolation to you in your affliction-and I suppose it is. People crossed in love like to make everybody belonging to them as miserable as they can, I notice ; and the innocont always have to suffer for the guilty in this world. I never Bee ' that girl, striding along tho road like a six-foot grenadier, withher haton the back of hor hoad and her petticoats barely roaching to hor ankles, that I don't want to got down out of tho carriage and go and box her oars. However, I don't do it j I return good for evil, and treat her with tho most ] exemplary kindness. Indeed, I was driven to take her up (moro than I need have done by the strict terms of my bargain with you) bocause I found that those Aborcorn people wore rather nasty to her after you wero gono. They said she had thrown herself at your head, or your feot, I forgot which, and, aided or abetted by her family, j had implored you to havo hor, and that you wore obliged to go away out of the country to escape from hor innportunitios. Of courso, I wasn't going to lot that sort of thing go on ; so I wont in and invitod the wholo family to Wattlebank (much to Frod's disgust, who left mo to entertain them while ho took a day's shooting at Bungil) ; and after that I drovo Mary about with me when ever I went in. I also (though I admit it was gall and wormwood to do it) made a call on Mrs. Jonos, and took occasion to hint at the real state of tho caso. So, I have done my duty by you, havo I not P And I expect to bo thanked i accordingly. " But, O dear mo, thoro have boon such changos sinco thon ! Mrs. Jones has somothing else to talk about now. You know I told you wo wore going to town for tho races ? Well we got nice rooms at Scott's, and went down a few days be forehand (for I wanted to seo about my dressos and things) ; and tho next morning I was shop ping, and I mot Mrs. Redwood, and, as usual, we had a gossip. And she said, presently, ' Who do you think has bought our place at ;Kow ? Old Mr. Lorimer, of all peoplo ! What do you sup pose ho is going to do with a largo house like that ?' ' Oh,' I said carelessly, ' let it, or sell it again. He saw it was a bargain, I suppose, and he is sure to inako a profit out of it somehow ?' I assure you the thought of Mrs. Hamilton never for a moment entered my head. He left tho De vonshire, you know, without evon saying good-byo to her ; and, nevor hearing any more of him, I thought he had forgotten all about her as soon as he was back with his money bags. Imagine, then, my utter astonishment when, getting out of our carriage at tho races (it was tho first day, and the Redwoods went with us), I saw going up tho steps to tho terrace in front of us, Mr. Lorimer, Mrs. Hamilton and Nina Hamilton, apparently making a party by themselves. It was Frod called my attention to thom. ' Do look at old Lorimor/ he said ; ' I really believe he has invested in a now suit of clothes at last !' And when I looked, and was struck, justas Fred had boen, by the un usual smartness of his appearance, Mrs. Hamilton turned round, and I recognised her. She, too, was vory smart, and so was Nina, who wore a pale pink dress trimmed with white lace, and looked a perfect sylph. All at once the whole thing flashed across mo. ' O, Prod,' I said, ' don't you see what it means ? He is going to marry Mrs. Hamilton and set up housekeeping at Kew.' ' Alikoly thing, nt his time of day J' said Fred.; 'lam certain of it,' I said, 'I'll bet y ou any thing you dike ho doesn't,' said Fred ;, ' lie's too cute.' ' Dot me a Turkey carpet for the dining xoom that he doesn't,' I said. ' Done,' said Fred. And, my dear Don (though you mayn't believe it) he has had to order me that carpet, aB I knew he would, and a pretty penny it, will cost him, too. It will teach him not to he so positive about everything, thinking he knows better than anybody else. " Well, we let them get ahead a little way, for Fred didn't want mo to speak to them ; and, as the first race was coming on, we ladies got nice places on the stand with some people we knew, and Fred and Mr. Redwood went down to the saddling paddock. And then we saw our young lovers parading up and down the lawn. They did look so comical ! Mrs. Hamilton was sweep ing along, dragging an irunienso train of flounces over the grass behind her, cairying heisalf proudly, like a Queen of Sheba ; and Nina went mincing and tripping with her little airs and graces, looking, to do her justice, really very pretty and stylish. (I heard lots of people asking who she was). And, between tho two, that poor, dear, absurd littlo man, toddling along like an elated child, evidently as delighted with the situation as he could be ! It was really too pre posterous. I avoided them successfully until lunch time, when, their carriage happening to be put up next to ours, I was in a manner driven to speak to them. I didn't Bay much; just enough for bare civility, and to satisfy my curiosity on one or two points. I waa too disgusted with them -and besides Fred was so afraid they would'hang on to us if we gave them any encouragement. But I told Mrs. Hamilton I was surprised to see her in Melbourne, and asked her when Bhe had come down. And she replied, very affably and sweetly, that dear Nina had not been well, and seemed to want a change, and so she had brought her to town for a few wooks ,to see if that would set her up. And then I asked for Mary, and was told that she was keeping house for her uncle at home. Mary was always strong and well ; hap pily thoro was no need for any anxiety about her ; and then I chaff od Mr. Lorimer a little about his holiday making; and he was quite confused tho absurd old idiot ! and said he thought he had done enough hard work in his life to entitle him to a little rest and recreation in his old age. ?' Oh, you must not talk about old age yet,' said Mrs. Hamilton, smiling at him like a young flirt in her teens j and then she turned to me and ex plained that her old friend was BO very kind to her and her dear child, taking them about and giving them so much enjoyment that they could not havo had, being two lone women, but for him. I saw them several times afterwards, always the Ithree together. Thoy were at the races every day and at the theatres every night. Fancy Mr. Lorimer spending his time like that 1 And when we came away from town we loft them there ; thoy were driving about Collins-street in a very nice carriage, Mr. Lorimer still in his new suit of clothes, at ll o'clock in tho morning. When I pointed thom out to Fred, as wo were going to tho station, he made use of unparliamentary lan guage. Ho began to wonder then, I expect, what Turkey carpets cost. " As soon as wo gob back to Wattlebank, I de termined to'"go and see Mary, and find out how much she knew. So I drove in to Abercorn the very next day; and there was the dear child, as busy as a boo, making gooseberry jam, with lier sleeves turnod up over her elbows. Sho was as happy as possible, and as ignorant of what her mother and sis tor were doing as a baby. She had just takon her jam off tho uro, and she washed her hands and dime and sat down with mo, and we had soino tea and a nico long talk. She said Nina had not been well, and hor mother had suddenly decided to take her to Melbourne for a change. They had written to Bay they had arrived safely, and had nob been heard of since. Meanwhile she (Mary) and Mr. Butler woro very happy and com fortable by themselves. Sho was making her uncle some shirts ; sho had done up the garden ; she had helped Jano to take up all the carpets and thoroughly clean the house. Evidently she had scope for the gratification of her inordinate desire for work, and, therefore, was onjoying herself. So I went homo, and waited to see what would turn up. And by and bye Mrs. Hamilton and Nina came back, and very soon there was an ox plosion. Tho impending marriage was announced, and Mary, they told me, was almost beside her self with indiguation, and grief and rage. I was afraid to1 go near until the storm had blown ovor j but one day I mot her having ono of her furious walks, and I took her up in the carriage and made her toll me all about it. Poor, dear child, I really was sorry for her ; she seemed quite heartbroken. She was looking as if she had had a month's illness, and she burst out crying the moanent I spoke to her. ' If it was anybody mother eauod for, if it was a proper marriage, I wouldn't mind a bit,' she said. ' I would have liked mother to be happy in her own way-I would never have set myself against her marrying again. But Mr. Lorimer ! It is too shocking to think of her marrying him ! She says it is for her children's sake ; but why should she sacrifico herself in that horrible man ner for us ? It is not for mo, she knows ; it is for Nina. But Nina has all she wants, and by and bye she will marry herself, and bo well off - she is so pretty, she is sure to have husbands to choose from, if she will have a little pationce. And I would work for them night and day thank fully. Oli, Mrs. Lepel, it is too droadful that mother should lot herBelf down to do such a thing as that !' " However, Mrs. Hamilton did it. And, having made up her mind to do it, she was wise and did it quickly. Tho old man came up, and they were married quito quietly, in Abercorn; and the bride and bridegroom, taking Nina with them, have gone back to Melbourne, whoro, Mrs. Rod wood says, Mrs. Lorimer ÍB buying furniture for hor house ab Kew, regardless of expense. Mary is loft with her undo ; a very prudent arrange ment. Her stepfather shakes in his shoes at the mention of her namo ; and her mother and sister would bo seriously incommoded by her presence under their roof in lhe:e early days. Poor Mary 1 I have not soen hoi' Binco tho wedding. Fred wont to the^bank yesterday, and he says she looks like a tragedy,queen. lram. going to fetch her out fQr';a few: days, if she /will leave her.uncle ; perhaps that will cheer her. They do say (but they say all sorts of preposterous things) that Mr. Butler is paying attention to the doctor's Bister. There are, indeed, no fools like old fools. If he should marry again, liko Mrs. Hamilton, then what will become of Mary ? Dear old boy, I think you shouldn't be away long. " I have no more news to give you-not any, at least, that will interest you after this. Fred is writing to tell you about the horses and dogs and things, and I send you papers up to date. Take great care of yourself and come home soon j and don't forget any of my commissions.-Ever your loving sister, JENNY LEPEL." ¡_ 'V. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 