NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, June 8. The wind-up of the Old English Fair has been very different with the Anglican Church folk as compared with that of the Roman Catholic. The former, as I intimated in my last, encountered an amount of criticism from the outside public and an amount of hot scathing criticism by many in the Synod which will doubtless operate as a very powerful deterrent to any similar money-raising pro- ject in the future. But our friends the Romanists manage things somewhat dif- ferently. They brought their Fair to a close with a general shout of satisfaction. The éclat which marked its opening marked also its closing, and with thanks to the ladies who wrought and the public who bought, with gene- ral felicitations all round, the pageant came to a grand climax at the close. But this was not the end. It was deemed fitting that after the accounts were duly audited and the net result of the movement ascertained there should be another pæan in honour of the event, and so on a Sabbath evening a dense congregation assembled in St. Mary's to hear from the lips of those most closely concerned what great things the Fair had wrought. The gross takings were £7,767, the expenditure £2,015, leaving a net balance of £5,752 to the Cathedral Building Fund. Dr. Vaughan then gave an address, which was intended as a counterblast to all the hard things that had been said in the Church of England Synod and out of it touching Old English Fairs as a means of raising money for the building of churches. The Archbishop, while pleading that he was not particularly given to public amusements of any kind, urged that the method employed for the raising of money was to his mind perfectly legitimate. There was no undertaking, no virtue, which was not followed, as by its shadow, by its contrary vice. But that was no argument against everything, and proved nothing because it proved too much. Clear and decided tradi- tion had guided him in this matter, and the voices of the good and wise. The great Irish Cardinal of New York, Dr. McCloskey, pru- dent and pious man that he was, had sanc- tioned a fancy fair in the magnificent Cathe- dral of St. Patrick's in New York City before it was solemnly dedicated to the sacred ser- vices of religion. Before, however, following the lead of the great Irish Cardinal, the Archbishop, feeling the delicacy of the ground on which he was entering, took council with the leading clergy of the city in the first place ; then with the suburban priests, taken up in connec- tion with their city confrères, at which the bearings of the whole business were dis- cussed by men of shrewd, calm, and calcu- lating intelligence. So discussed, the enter- prise was decided upon, and when decided upon was entered into with the vigour which marks the Romanists in anything of this kind to which they put their hand. The senti- mental objections of this species of effort were brushed away as too fine and trans- cendental, and it was thought a far better thing to pay the contractor his bill than to shirk their obligations from reference to any fine-spun theory. A very strong point in the presentments of the case at this Sunday afternoon Cathedral meeting was that the work itself was both for them who personally engaged in it as well as for the public generally an education in art. The text of the address was the quotation from a great modem writer, which says that 'Art made by the people and for the people is a joy to the maker and the user.' A project such as that which had been so un- sparingly condemned was a most stimulating influence. One wrought some splendid piece of embroidery, which, when illuminated by those flashing colours which an artistic taste brought to the task, became beautiful and dazzling to look at. Another copied some splendid piece of painting, which developed the genius of the worker and satisfied the taste of the beholder. Others contributed their quota in their own way, and the aggre- gate was a collection which strikingly reflected the inventive powers that had been employed in their production, and kindled a love of the beautiful by their exhibition. As to womanly grace and delicacy, these were there as a guard of angels round the persons of the fair sex who served. And in addition to that, so said the Archbishop, every stall was under the charge of a priest, who was the guardian of that sanctuary, and who was entrusted with the due observance of the proprieties that were to be maintained. Yet further, to make assurance doubly sure, trusted individuals had a general oversight which concerned itself with the administration throughout the building, and in this way every care was taken to preserve decorum and to construct a somewhat hazardous experiment in such a way that after its close the most fastidious could not complain. As a fitting recompense of the zeal and devotedness of the ladies who took part in the undertaking a permanent tablet is to be erected in the new Cathedral with the names inscribed thereon of all the ladies who held or assisted in holding stalls in the Fancy Fair. Such, then, is a com- pendious statement of the Catholic view of this question as contrasted with the view put forth by the irate Churchmen of the Anglican Communion ; but the public mind generally will not accept even Dr. Vaughan's plausible way of putting a somewhat doubtful thing, and a thing which, in the judgment of many, ceases to be doubtful when taken under the wing of the Church for increasing her ex- chequer. If the matter had limited itself to the production of these works of art ; if the business had been simply to reproduce Old English life in some of its characters and aspects for the amusement and information of the public ; if there had not been mixed up with it many adjuncts which were of a style that should never have figured in asso- ciation with Church effort, the case would be somewhat different. But as it is the public fill in those blanks in the Archbishop's way of putting it which are necessary to the complete exhibition of the whole business, and, so doing, there is no disguising the fact that the public are far from satisfied. The coarse tragedies of Richardson's drama, the shows of other kinds which figured also with the lotteries— omitting all allusions to the painted and powdered damsels—constitute in the minds of most a very grave objection to this new departure on the part of Churches in raising money. The hard keen business man laughs and says. ' There you are—the great end is money, by fair means if you can, but if not by any means that will pay.' The young, the gay, and the unthinking laugh in their sleeve as they bring the Church under the test of their mild criticism, and say, ' What is right as done by the Church can't be wrong as done by other people.' And so the ball goes round. The proceeding will not raise the Churches in general estimation, and will be in danger of giving an impulse to this kind of amusement where it will be unattended with the guards which have surrounded it in these cases. As an instance of this I may cite the absur- dities of the Bartlemy Fair, which has come and gone. The whole thing is an ana- chronism. Old English Fairs are not sur- rounded by associations of the most elevating character, nor redolent of such sweetness that we need be anxious to reproduce them in these times. They have gone like many another feature of olden time, and the Fairs, with many another dead-and-buried type of English life, may be quietly suffered to sleep in peace. We have recently had in connection with a case that cropped up in our Insolvency Court some singular illustrations of the work- ing of our land system as furnished by a given case. It shows very conclusively how little we know of processes that are going on around us. Generally we are told that our laws are good ; that the land system only needs a little consolidation by which the many Acts that now exist shall be compacted into one good one ; that the Government, like a good guardian of the public interest, argus- eyed, is ever on the look-out against all that would violate law and strain equity; and that if certain things do creep in occasionally we must place them to the category of. exceptions to the general law, and believe that on the whole everything goes on as smoothly as we could expect. Occasionally, however, some circumstance occurs which unduly breaks in upon this dream, and we rub our eyes under the influence of the dis- enchantment to be quite sure that we do not dream. The Milburn Creek scandal was a great shock to the easy-going complacent laissez faire mood in which we are apt to settle down. The attempt to over- reach the Government in the Darling Harbour land business was one of those things that come to the surface now and again of a kin- dred character ; but on a smaller scale are yet others. And it is to this latter class that the instance belongs to which I refer. The case will be known in future as the Yarrabee Run selection case. The litigants, Robertson v. Day, have been before the Supreme Court and the public again and again—in the former by the land litigation that has arisen out of it, in the latter by the discussions that have taken place in Parliament. Notwithstanding all this talk, however, the case has not been disclosed in all its ugliness until the chief facts in connection therewith were dragged out of those who gave evidence there- upon, the witnesses in the business being evidently unwilling to disclose the full extent of their knowledge, and furnishing what they knew only after great pressure, and then only with great tardiness. Mr. George Day, jun., the nominal selector, is shown not to have taken up the land with his own money —not to have known who paid for the im- provements on the run—and, according to the testimony, he never had any stock of his own there, and did not even know whose stock it was. The part this sagacious indi- vidual played in the business consisted in allowing the use of his name, and in sleeping on the run as often as was considered neces- sary to be able with a clear conscience to swear to residence. The case, in fact, as the Chief Commissioner in Insolvency said, was a clear case of dummying. This bright vivacious youth, who was one and-twenty years of age, was not a very precious specimen of the yeoman class, which we are told sometimes, by the thick-and- thin supporters of things as they are, con- stitute, or used to constitute, the backbone of the country. He had no money—never had any—but had been depending on his father for the last six years. The selection was declared void by the Privy Council, and from the facts as disclosed before the Insolvency Court, no great hardship was thereby inflicted upon the illused but deserving poor free- selector. Notwithstanding the worthlessness of the case from the first, and the utter groundlessness of any claim by the parties for compensation, influence was brought to bear upon tho Legislature, which ultimately granted compensation to the tune of £1,010. But it is in the appropriation of this amount of public money that the absurdity and the wrong of this case reach their climax. This sum was to pay the law expenses on both sides, the refunds of which was paid to Government and other outlays. Mr. George Day, a near relative and a member of Parliament, naturally enough did not like to engineer the thing through Parliament, and so engaged Mr. Farnell to conduct this delicate task. When the money was voted for the purposes I have named, the bene- ficiaires did not seem very clearly to under- stand the whole of their obligations. That they should pay their own solicitors was an obvious duty which was early discharged to the extent of some £300. The balance well, the balance, in the simplicity of their nature, was for themselves ; and so Day the younger gave to Day the senior, who had been keeping the son for six years, the balance for his own use and enjoyment. But Day the father had obligations in turn, for he had assigned his estate three years ago to his brother William, for which Day senior with his family had been kept by his brother for a period of three years. Another £100 had been paid in settlement for some cattle, which, how- ever, were subsequently sold and the proceeds received by the sellers. Within six days from the obtaining of the money the money was all gone. When the Messrs. Robertson, whose run had been invaded by this genuine free-selector, applied for their costs there was no money available. Now, the extraordinary part of the matter in the light of the last named fact is this—That Mr. Farnell told Mr. Day, M.L.A., most distinctly how the compensation money was made up, and that it included Robertsons' costs ; and the petition to Parliament, signed by Day the son, written by Day the father, and presented by Day the uncle, the member of Assembly, distinctly states among other things that the amount to be put upon the estimates was to be sufficient inter alia to pay the law costs of both the plaintiff and the defendant. Yet in spite of this evidence, in spite of the fact that the money was asked for for this specific purpose among others—in spite of the fact that the three Days were all separately parties to the petition that asked for it, and that it was distinctly stated that the vote responded to the request made—yet when the money came into the possession of those who claimed it, none of the members of the family seem to have understood its object, and so young Day gave it to old Day to pay for his keep, and old Day gave it to a brother to pay him for a similar favour. Now, all this is cer- tainly surprising, and in the moral aspects of the question sad. We are at present rejoicing a plethora of money, and whenever this is the case the temptation is to vote money somewhat readily, without a very rigorous enquiry into the nature of the claims which are thus said to be met. One thing, however, is very clear ; that the Minister to whose department this case belongs has been duped, that the As- sembly has also been deceived, and that the country has shared in this overreaching pro- cess by the malappropriation of money granted for certain purposes to certain other purposes. It is to be hoped that the matter will be rigorously enquired into when Parlia- ment meets. This loose way of dealing with the public interest so far as it touches the land, and this loose way of dealing with the public interest so far as it touches money, is an evil of which we have had recently quite enough evidence to show that it is one which has worked ill, which is working ill, and which must be amended. If this be not done the country will speak out in a manner which will leave no room for doubt that it will not continue to be bled in this way for the benefit of the undeserving. The prevalence of typhoid in our midst— due partly to the prevalence of the drought, and partly to the imperfect sanitation of the city—is demonstrating somewhat painfully the insufficient Hospital accommodation of the city, and is awakening the cry asked with a good deal of impatience and urgency as to why measures are not being taken to extend the accommodation which is so much needed. We have been hearing for weeks past of crowded wards, and patients in consequence turned away from the Hospital doors, during which time typhoid fever in the city and suburbs has been steadily increasing. Doctors and nurses and Hospital officials in their need and helplessness have been petitioning Government to take up the matter ; but in this case, as in others, it is difficult to get anything like prompt action on the part of these gentlemen. Such is the urgent character of the case that our medicos have been put somewhat to their wits' end, and the Hospital Board has at length asked the Government to apportion some space in the Little Bay Hospital, left vacant by the removal of the last recovered smallpox patients, for the Clamont typhoid cases. Ten days elapsed before anything like an idea of the result of such an application was received, which, in the judgment of any reasonable person, will be considered to be an unseemly long period. Admitting the serious nature of the proposal and its bearing upon the Little Bay institution, surely it might fairly have been expected to be answered with more dispatch than this. Typhoid is not such a raging rampant enemy as some other diseases that we wot of. There is, however, in the prevalence of that mischief a strong call for the Government to assist the faculty in their difficulty. It is sincerely to be hoped that this temporary provision to meet the difficulty will not blind the powers that be to the importance of some more effec- tive provision for the emergency. A little "go" infused into our arrangements would place a good many beds in the Prince Alfred Hospital whither patients might be taken. The advent of colder weather, and within the last week or so a copious rainfall, will reduce the danger of the mischief spreading—will, in all probability, much reduce it. There is, however, much scope for reform among us. I alluded in my last to the unsavoury condi- tion of our low-class lodging-houses. I could descant on the reeking condition of many of our drains, on the filth that disfigures many of our streets in connection with the open sewers, of the fetid condition of many of the lower parts of this great me- tropolis. But I forbear. We want a fresh peril to wake us up, and then the mischief is that if the peril passes we go to sleep again. Unhappily our suburbs share in some of the conditions of dangers which prevail in the city. We have suffered the cupidity of land speculators to work so vigorously, and with so little of restraint, that they have gone out to some of our suburbs, secured a grand piece of land, cut it up into the smallest portions with a view to the largest returns, have quietly ignored drainage and proper ventila- tion and many other things, and having pocketed the proceeds of their greed they leave the consequences of that greed to be dealt with by those who come after. And assuredly there will be a great work for those to do who came after. We have many a splendid fever-bed in course of preparation in our suburbs that should have been filled with homes of health and beauty. The matter is one on which I cannot write much without getting angry. We plead in extenuation of the glaring faults of old Sydney that they were the outcome of our circumstances. And yet we have gone and repeated the mischief of old Sydney in new Sydney when we had not the ghost of a reason to urge why this should be done. And so in the absence of a good Suburban Building Act we have in some cases streets which are little better than lanes. With such a focalization here and there of festering nuisances that will as- suredly bring danger before long, with no water supply, no sewage farm, and with a population that is growing so inordinately fast, one wonders what may come out of it. 