CHAPTEB LX. The cold and gloom of the mine agreed with the darkness of Sniggle Snickers' soul. The dripping water, the ogrelike shadows, the mysterious sounds of the miners at work, well accorded with the gloom of this man's thoughts. He found Obadiah sitting, on a piece of quartz, listening to the explanations of the captain of the shift, who was endeavoring to give a lucid description of the 'country,' through which they would have to pass before they came to the reef, Obadiah was smoking a cigar with a supercilious air. In early life he. had neither drank nor smoked, being a staunch teetotaller— for it suited his purpose — but when he became wealthy, he changed Ms mind as to what was lawful; and as smoking a cigar was the correct thing for a millionaire, Obadiah. indulged; and occa sionally he would take . a glass of champagne, for that, also, was the right thing to do. There was a sparkle of pleasure in Sniggle's eye as he noticed this; late itself seemed in his favor. ' You have gone over all the levels where' we are working,' stud he to Obadiah. 'I think you had better come -with me now and examine the old level where, we obtained the great yields. I think if a crosscut were put in. from the find we might strike something.' ' You'd better be careful,' said the captain : of the- shift, 'that there level's where we keep the powder now.' ' Oh ! no danger,' 'said Obadiah jauntily ; 'I aught to know my way about in the mine, for I worked in this claim years enough.' . Obadiah -said this witheringly. He prided -himself upon having, risen from the ranks when, in the company of workmen, and was ever thrusting before them bis perseverance and success— as much as to say that it was their fault they were not as well off as lie. ?' Will I go with you ?' asked the captain. 'No, thank you.' said Obadiah, who thought two were company and three were not when there was a confabulation in prospect. Lighting two candles Obadiah and Sniggle moved along the level, the former admonishing the men to go on with their work. Sniggle led the way. It was well for his scheme that he did, otherwise Obadiah might have detected in his face signs of the fate that was coming. After a good deal of turning and winding they at last came to the opening of a level which had. every appearance of being deserted. The 'setts' of timber were de cayed, the floor covered with slime and water, which flowed down in the centre, red with peroxide of iron. Close to the mouth a large number of kegs of po'wder were stored in a drive above. 'There's no danger. of the powder getting wet?' asked Obadiah in an economical mood. ?? Not the slightest,1 ' replied Sniggle, . ' You leave me alone for that. It's Bate there.1' ' And you are sure it's not wasted?' asked Obadiah. ' Powder's risen you know.' ' Certain,' was the reply, ' I know the amount that should be used to a grain.' After travelling in the slippery, damp level for some time they reached the face — a great excavation narrowing to a point. It was here that the reef had tapered out to nothing. . ' Well,' said Obadiah as they rested, ' there was a lot of gold got out of this, wasn't there? If that fool Jack had only stuck to his share of it he wouldn't be digging now.' ' Indeed,' said Sniggle absently. ' Well, fools will be fools,' said Obadiah in a self- satisfied tone. ' If there weren't fools wise men would not be rich.' A darker shade came across Sniggle's face. He was one of the iools. 'But what do you want me to see here?' asked Obadiah. ??? Well,' was the reply, ' the truth is that I wanted to give you a surprise. You know when the reef gave out so suddenly I had my suspicions that there were something we did not understand. And there was. That con tinued flow of water could not be there unless there was a reef close at hand.' Obadiah was all attention. \- ' Beefs don't give out so suddenly,' con tinued Sniggle in a strange tone. 'When they end in one spot, they generally make again somewhere else. And this reef does.' Obadiah couldhardly speak with excitement. The very idea of the richest reef ever dis covered in Grit being again found, was suffi cient to arouse in bis avaricious mind visions of a mammoth fortune. 'Well, I brooded over it,' continued Sniggle Snickers, 'until at last, after we had abandoned these workings, and turned them into a. pow- der magazine, I came down one Sunday wiih pick and drill and fuse and .worked away at the eastern side of the face. I thought I de tected a lava streak and I followed it. It wasn't long before I came on a vein of stone, and that stone is richer than ever the other part of the reef was.' Obadiah rose in a -delirium of joy. ' Show it to me, Sniggles;' said he, ' Show it to me. Good, good 1 How rich I will be.' Sniggle looked at him with eyes emitting such baleful fire, that if Obadiah were not almost beside himself with joy at the dis covery he would have noticed it. 'You shall have your pay doubled,' said Obadiah,. as if he were rewarding the man above .his deserts. Sniggle shut his teeth fiercely at this; he was afraid his passion would get the better of him, and bis scheme fall stillborn to the ground. He began care fully removing a heap of mullock which was piled against the drive. In a few minutes it had been cleared off, and Sniggle's filled his hat with water. Throwing a few hatf uls of water over the stone, soon revealed a snowy reef, in which could be easily discerned specks and streaks of gold, *ome of them very large. Obadiah gazed on it as if spell-bound. 'See how it widens out,' said Sniggle. ' It's bound to grow as wide as the otker reef.' Obadiah did not reply. He was making a mental calculation. Ten thousand shares at £20 per share, would be £200,000; not to mention the dividends. 'Will I go and fetch a pick, so that we'll get a. few specimens?' asked Sniggle, in a voice that told how' fast his heart was beat ing, Ms whole scheme resting upon the answer. 'Yes, yes,' said Obadiah quickly; 'we'll pick down the sides to see if it bulges out. We mustn't say anything ' about it till I pick up all the shares, and then the men'll be put on to try the old workings, and you'll put in a blast that'll prevent your work being noticed, but will show the reef.1.' He spoke to empty air. Sniggle was gone. So Obadiah began to examine the reef, his frame thrilling with rapture. But did Sniggle go for the pick ? No ; he merely went to the mouth of the level, and turned to the alcove where the powder was stored. His heart was beating wlidly ; his face, hitherto pale, was flushed with the blood that was being driven rapidly through his system. Still he handled the. powder kegs warily, and breaking two of' them, he strewed the contents in a train : leading from the entrance of the level.- After carefully communicating this with the -pile of kegs, he retired a little distance, and taking a newspaper from his pocket, he rolled it up in the manner of a flambeau. He then took his stand close to the train, and putting his hand to his mouth, shouted— ' Mr. Sweetcomfort.' No answer. ' Obadiah Sweetcomfort 1' Only the echoes of the caverns replied. ' Obadiah Sweetcomfort 1' Now Obadiah was heard. 'Yes.' 'Come this way.' Then followed a dead silence, only broken by the dripping of the water as it fell from the roof of the drive, and the faint sound of the miners at work and the creaking and clanking of the cages. But soon Obadiah's light appeared* making darkness visible in the level. ' Stand there !' said Sniggle in a terrific voice, when Obadiah had come within speak ing distance. Obadiah shook with fear. There was some thing so awful in Sniggle's voice, that it seemed to him like the trump of doom. 'What is the matter?' he cried, in a ?quavering tone. ' Matter 1' replied Sniggle. ' Death is the matter ! Don't stir a foot or you are a dead man.' ' Oh, my God !' cried Obadiah. ' Don't call upon God, you hypocrite,' said his enemy sternly. ' Listen to me Obadiah i Sweetcomf ort. You think you are wise; yet you allowed a man whom you know to be poor, who has been injured by you, used as a tool and poorly rewarded, to see that you were the possessor of half the shares in this mine, when that man had known a long time that there was within reach a richer reef than had ever been worked. That's your wisdom.' ' You are mad or joking,' cried Obadiah, his coward heart now betraying itself. ''Oh 1 don't speak to me in that way.' ' I will speak!' cried the other, in a frenzy of passion 1 ' I will speak. Have you not made me your tool and paid me nothing? Have you not humbled me at every oppor tunity? I have brought wealth untold into your purse, yet you never gave mo a farthing except my. wages. Had I done for Jack what I did for you he would have made me a wealthy man. You looked down upon me; you thought me a creature not worthy of at tention ; yet when you were puffed up with pride at your own cleverness I, Sniggle -Snickers,- was laughing at you. - What I was tellinn vou a little while since was a lie. I knew the reef made again that very night -? when you and all the rest thought it had j gone out for ever. I bided my time, and that time has come. Had you rewarded me ' and given me means to buy the shares when they were low this would not have happened. Yon thought you had made me commit ' myself so that I could not turn upon you and : demand my pay. But see what your plotting has done.' Blind with terror, paralysed With fear, Obadiah sank upon his knees. ' Sniggles, my old friend, my dear friend,' he said, 'you won't do anything. I'll give you half my shares, half my money, half of everything. We will share and share alike. ; There will be enough and to spare. O, Sniggles! remember our long acquaintance; what we have done for one another.' ' Yes, I do remember,' said the man who had now become mad with rage and hate. ' I do remember, and it is worse for you. I remember the example you set me when you caused Jack to be buried alive in this very mine. You set me the example; now I only follow your lead. As for your promises, I would. no more heed them than I would the voices of the wind. If I were io give way, the moment we got above ground, you would hand me over to the law, and there would be no mercy. O, I do know you.' ' No, no,' cried Obadiah ; ' as sure as there is a heaven above us, I would not ; save my life, and take everything.' 'You talk about heaven, cried Sniggles, with a sneer;- 'neither you nor I should mention it. Neither of us believe in all that: nonsense, although when you were poor, you made a stalking-horse of religion to mount to higher ground. Who betrayed my wife? Obadiah Sweetcomfort. Who broke up my happy home, and made me a by -word amongst my fellow-miners? Obadiah Sweetcomfort.' Obadiah did not reply ; he cowered ^own upon the ground in abject supplication. 'Pity me, pity me,' he cried, almost in articulately, -jr ^ «' Not if I pity myself,' replied Sniggles ; ' I have your 10,000 scrip, and to- morrow I will be wealthier than ever you were. Prepare to die, Obadiah Sweetcomfort ; prepare to meet the God you have mocked, if there is such a. Being;, get ready to face the souls you have ruined,* at His judgment seat.' And he made a movement to cast the paper, which he had now lighted, into the train. Obadiah uttered an awful cry — one that echoed and re-echoed through the caverns of the mine; phe that rang in his murderer's ears for ever after. But .that cry hastened his fate. Fearing that it might be heard, Sniggles threw ihe flaming paper into the train'of powder and rushed away into the darkness. CHAPTEB LXL When Jack stepped out of the train in Melbourne, at eight o'clock that evening, the platform was alive with, newsboys, who were vociferating, ''Erald, second edition, a penny 1 Horful accident 1 A mine busted up!' Jack bought. a copy; and as he was going down in the omnibus he pulled it out and read the paragraph which nearly every passenger was also scanning. ^ It ran thus : — ' Awful accident 1' ' A mine collapsed !' ' A rich reefer buried alive 1' ' Terrible excitement !' [By special telegram.] ' Grit, six o'clock.' 'A terrible explosion took' place in the Hesperus Extended mine this afternoon. It seems Mr. Obadiah. Sweetcomfort and the manager, Mr. 'Sniggle Snickers, were down examining one of the old drives, where powder is kept, when the latter left his companion for a pick. Mr. Snickers had hardly got out of the drive when a fearful explosion took place, which completely stunned him, and shook the mine to its centre. When the men had re covered themselves, and Mr. Snickers had re gained his. senses, they wSnt back to the old drive which, they found to be completely blocked up with stone. The havoc was tremendous, and will cost thousands to repair. No hopes can be entertained about Mr. Sweet comf ort, as the explosion .must have instan taneously killed him. Even if he were alive, it would take days .to get him out. Mr. Snickers states that Mr. Sweetcomfort asked him to go for a pick in order to test some old stone on the hanging wall. Mr. Sweetcomfort was smoking a cigar, and had a lighted candle. Mr. Snickers warned him to keep away from the ppwder. The supposition is that he was examining the magazine when some sparks from his cigar fell into the powder, or that he dropped his candle. The timber was very much decayed, and must have been swept away by the blast, the collapse 'of the drive immediately following. Mr. Sweetcomfort was the wealthiest mine proprietor on Grit.' i 'It is singular that several years ago. in Grit, a miner named Meldon was buried alive in this mine; but he was rescued, and this gives hope to Mr. Sweetcomfort's friends.' ' \- A mist rose before Jack's eyes. . Obadiah Sweetcomfort dead ! And to meet bis death in so horrible a manner. Jack remembered well the awful peril he himself had escaped. At first a sort of imitation came into his mind, . but he quickly repressed it, for he felt it was unbecoming a man, much less a Christian. . But there was other business in hand, and great as was the impression this had on Jack's mind, he almost forget it in the prospect of meeting Bertha and his father. CHAPTEB LXH. After long years we meet again, Never to part. Sorrow is part, happy fates reign, Heart of my eartl But ihou, poor erring mortal, straying On death and lifes's confine ; Long in the land of life delaying, A different fate is thine 1 Now, God, in mercy and in kindness, Upon thee pity have, .. And pardon thee thy sin and blindness On this side of the grave. With a beating heart Jack found himself in Willow-street. He would once more, see her he loved so dearly ; he would clasp her to his breast, and thenceforward they two would never be parted until death loosed the silver band. How the blood coursed through his veins; how bright visions of happiness in store Tose before him, to vanish like shadows when* the sun of reality shone upon them. But this would not do ; time was passing, and the soul of the guilty man from whom he expected to learn so much might have fled while he was waiting at the door. He had a duty to discharge to Bertha, but he was. also under obligation to the dear dead ; and when all came to all, Jack felt the gentle visitings of tenderness when he thought of his father. He had been a bad man; he had cruelly used Janet and himself ; he had been a drunkard, a gambler, a spendthrift ; yet, after all, was he not his father ? Hardly daring to breathe, Jack knocked at the door. There was a pause. It was not until he knocked again that a step was heard within, and then the door was slowly opened, not by Bertha, however. Her father stood in the doorway, peering out in a childish way. Jack felt shocked when he saw how .greatly altered was the once imperious Mr. White. - Time had wrought great change in others as ; well as in him, and had brought woe to more - than Jack. It was not long before Mr. White , recognised his visitor. An infantile smile of pleasure passed over his face, and extending * his skinny hand, he spoke kindly, as if he had j -frtrcrntfom a31 tViaf; liari TifM^flpd between them. ' Bless me, Jack, is that you ?' .said he. 'What a long time you've been away. Herd- ? ng your flock, no doubt ? And how's . father ; ind mother? Where's Spot? I've not seen aim for a long .time.' Jack looked at him pityingly. He saw at, nice the great calamity which had ruined his : Fortunes had affected his mind. Now it was; that he understood at a glance the trouble and. sorrow of poor Bertha — alone with an idiot, lather. He felt that instead of mooning about : Srit, lamenting his fate, he ought to have put bis hand to the plough, and helped Bertha.! But what was the use of vain regrets for the. past? The future was all he had to look toi now, and. that future would be assured if. human endeavor was of avail. ' Ah,?' satd the old man ; ' you're wonder ing whera Bertha is ! . She's just gone out to look after the flock, and won't be a minute., Come in and sit down. Jack, we've lost: Lassy; she took sick of the. distemper and died. Lassy was a good dog, Jack ; she knew almost as much as I did.' Jack was not of an emotional nature, but it was as much; as he could do to keep down his tears. - He had never expected. to find so terrible a wreck. But, after all, was ? the old man to be pitied? Poor babbling Lear,' was he not at least unconscious of the terrible realities of life ? The handle of the door was now turned. The blood rushed back to Jack's heart ; bis whole being seemed paralysed. There at the door, stood Bertha— Bertha, beautiful as ever 1 Not the grand and glorious goddess of old,1 indeed ; but a lovely, fragile being; sorrow in her face, poverty in her aspect ; but invested with a beauty that was even more irresistible, more touching, than the beauty of the past. She looked at her father first ; then she saw Jack. A short cry, a half- joyous, half startled exclamation, and her head was on bis breast, her hands around his neck, her lips to hisl It was the happiness of -years crowded into the experience of a minute ! He held her in his qrms ; he kissed away the tears that flowed down her pale, languid cheeks. Neither spoke. In these few moments, the misunderstand ings of years, the jealousies, fears, sorrows, of their youth vanished, and were forgotten; Heart was merged into heart; their souls be came one. True and full and perfect love was theirs. As a flash of sunlight clears np the darkness that has long hidden nature, so this gleam .of true love at a stroke dissipated the mists that had so long .prevented perfect union. ^ Blessed moment 1 Happy are those who have, known such an experience; it repays the suffering and anxiety, of years ; it gives a pleasure that otherwise could .not be obtained*. The path to the sweetest extacy is often through sorrow. As he who has thirsted and. hungered long almost thanks his abstinence for anew delight, so did they derive from the bitterness of the past fresh sweetness 1 The old man looked. on in childish delight, rubbing his hands with glee. The busiest part of his life was now a blank, and for him there was no recollection of the trying scenes of his later days. He thought of Bertha and Jack as only a boy and girl, and the idea occurred to bis mind that when they were grown up they ? would make a splendid pair! 'In my happiness, dearest Jack,' said Bertha, ' I had entirely forgotten your poor father. ' His life is fast ebbing, and you must lose no time in seeing him. Evidently he has some dreadful confession to make, and- until he has told you all he will not be at ease.' ' Where is he ?' asked Jack. 'In the next house,' replied. Bertha. ' There is a girl attending him, and Prudence Macinnis is there. I have sent for a minister, too, but your father will not listen to him.' 'Prudence Macinnis,' said Jack, new wonders breaking in upon him. ' I thought she was dead years ago.' ' Sheds still living,' replied Bertha ; ' but it ? is a long- story, and I'll tell it to you to morrow. In the meantime let us make all haste.' 'And taking his hand she led him out. . Jack hardly knew what to think of aU this. In a moment the whole secret of his life seemed unravelled; Bertha was bis; Hector Macinnis was in his hands. What mystery surrounded Prudence's existence ? CHAPTER LXm. 1 Bunakum, npon whom death had now set his indelible stamp, was in the act of draining off a glass of brandy, which had been given him by Prudence, who herself showed evidences of sharing with ' him, when Jack entered. His eye caught sight of his son immediately, and he uttered a strange cry. ; .' Come at last,' said he, as if greatly relieved. 'Come to see the old man die.' ] ' I hope not, father^' said Jack, in a tender tone, for in the presence of death all his anger at bis unnatural parent's past conduct died away. ' I hope not. We will be able to make you strong by-and-bye.' 1 'No fear)' Said the dying man, in his old slangy way ' My time's run ; my shift's up, and I hear the Great Manager calling me to come for my wages. Wages 1' he cried, with a terrible laugh, 'And such wages, tfack, you don't know our manager ; he pays in very hard coin.' ? ' My good man,' said the minister, a grave personage of reverend aspect, ' The wages bi sin is death ; but at the eleventh hour the greatest sinner may return.' ' Pooh,' said Bunakum, who now seemed strong and hearty ; ' don't talk to me that kind of stuff ; I talked too much of it in my old time not to know its value. Do you think when I've been working for the devil every shift during the year, I. can go and claim my wages off the Almighty for a few minutes' spell on New Year's Eve ? Not likely.' The minister and the listeners shuddered. ' You shouldn't talk that way, Bunakum,' said Prudence, whimpering, taking a sip at the same time *, ' it all comes through your not taking another drop.' ' No, no,' said the old man, ' I'll have no more just now. I have something to do. Where's the magistrate ?' ' Here,' said a policeman, who was stand ing by, and a gentleman advanced to the bedside. The policeman took pen and ink. ' Whatever statement you have to make,' said the magistrate, 'be as clear as pos sible.' ' Yes,' said Bunakum, ' Til be clear enough, I warrant, clearer than will be good for some people. Jack, come closer to me.' \- Jack went nearer to his father. The others gathered round in a circle. ' Prudence seized the opportunity to devote herself to the brandy bottle. She argued that Bunakum would require little of it after he had made his con fession. ' Jack,' said Bunakum, ' You remember the night when you fished me out of the creek at Grit, don't you? Well, after you'd left I fell in with a fellow — he was afterwards killed at the Southern Cross Company's mine — and he treated me, which was welcome, seeing the drenching I'd got.' After that somehow or other I wandered down the street. I don't know why I went that way, but I did go; It was a queer night, the moon breaking out of theclouds accasionally, and the winds moaning - through the trees like ghosts talking. When I came opposite where Janet's tent was — you know, Jack — I heard loud talking. I listened, and sure enough, it was your mother and. Hector. They were talking in an excited manner, but as everyone was away, looking after the flood or drinking in honor of the occasion, there was no one to hear them ex sept me. Ann i -man. — J.-wisii i naiini uearu them. It might have been better for us all. But I hated her, in my way, which wasn't much, for so long as I got a glass *of liquor, I cant say I had much bad feeling for anyone. Still I had a sore about the way she'd cut me,: and it gave me a. sort of pleasure to hear her quarrelling with him. I suppose it's natural. So I heard her accusing and threatening him; and bitter words she used, very bitter ; hut, they were truth, and that made them the more galling. Now and then he'd speak, and I shook in my shoes for fear he'd know I was round. I crept a bit closer, and getting be hind a stump, watchad them. He was sitting by the table looking as black as a thunder cloud — you know how black he can look, Prudence?' 'Don't II' was the interrogative reply of Prudence, as she hastily put by the untasted glass. ' ' ' Well, by-and-by, it seemed as if he could stand it no longer. He stood up looking so terrible, that I felt a could sweat breaking out all over me, and I shook like a leaf — as I do now. ? Stop this talk,' said he, ? I've had enough of you and I am resolved never to see you again.. If it wasn't for the law I'd kill you.' ? Do,' says your mother ; ' I'd sooner be dead than five as I do now. But if you leave me, you shall never marry another woman. You've told me your past life, and the world will know it to- morrow.' You aught to have seen him then. If ever I saw a devil in human shape it was Hector at that moment.' . It was terrible to see Jack just then. His face was pale, his eyes flashed with excitement, his breast heaved and fell. At last the long wished for revelation was at hand. ' He stood stock still for a few minutes,' continued Bunukum, ' and then he said bet ween his teeth: 'Fool I was to trust a woman 1' For a bit, he seemed to hesitate; but all at once he made a rush at Janet and caught hold of her by the throat. 0 1 the dreadful things that followed. I heard her give one cry, then there was a sound of struggling.. When I looked again he was kneeling over her. She never moved. He got up and turned his face towards me.' Jack's emotions could not be controlled. He sprang up.his face flushed, his eyes darting fire. ' Peace, peace,' said the minister,.' Delay not the confession that seals the doom of the murderer.' But it was not until Bertha took his hand in hers and soothed him, that Jack .was quieted. Then he sank 'upon a chair and burst into tears. The picture of his mother's murder was more than he could bear. It was as he had so long thought. , ' That face !' pried Bunukum, himself now dreadfully excited, '.I've never forgotten, that face. It was not the face of a living man — it was the face of a corpse. He glanced once more at your mother, and rushed out of the tent. I don't know-how it was ; just then I lost my head and jumped up. He. saw me at once. I felt as if I,d been turned into stone. Up he came, his eyes afire. ' You saw all this ? I couldn't speak ; I dropped down on my knees. ' I will kill you too,' he said in an awful voice, and he caught me by the throat, but I found time to cry out ' Hector, don't kill me ; , Til never say a word about it. I've been your true friend, and I'll always be. You were provoked to do it.' He stopped then, and I pleaded in every way I knew, for when your life's at stake and you see a chance of escaping being euchred, your tongue loosens a bit, and mine was always ready. So, after a while he seemed to change, and especially when I told him I had as much right to be annoyed at Janet as he had.' Jack made a frenzied movement. ' Now, now, my boy,' said Bunakum, ' don't be rash ; consider the peril I was in. God knows I'd never harm Janet ; T never harmed anyone but myself. So he made me swear a terrible oath ; and there and then pro mised never to see me without money. And he's faithfully performed that promise. But I don't want his money now. I've had enough of it. The more I got, the more harm it did me; I never kept it. When I knew death was coming I couldn't rest until I had told all, and to you, Jack. Janet would come every night to my bedside, and there she would remain, until I had promised to speak out. But when the day came I always went back on it. Then she would come with hun dreds of horrible beings and make me promise again. And she's been here to night, up to the very time I finished. Now she is gone, and with her all the horrors. I feel better now, better, better !' It was very easy to see, however, that the temporary excitement which had borne him up was dying away. Imagination had so far tormented him by calling up terrible images, but now that he had lifted a load off his mind she let him rest. 'Is that all down in black* and white?' asked Bunakum, faintly. 'It is,' replied the magistrate. 'Now pign.' . Bunakum signed. It was a strange signa ture. At his best he never pretended to write a good hand|; but the caligraphy on this occasion was more than ordinarily hiero glyphical. ' You've not explained,' said Jack, ' how Bridget O'Began and her husband became mixed up in the affair.' Bunakum winced. , 'Hecter's fears alone made them danger ous,' saidhe; '-Bridget U'Jttegan saw us coming ;from the direction of Janet's place, and of course had she said all she could have said i the circumstantial evidence would have been strong. But you know them times, Jack. We gave 'a good explanation to our friends about Bridget's seeing us and they arranged to give the old couple a few shiners to keep them quiet.' But it was a bad investment ; for they never .ceased to persecute Hector afterwards, and though he told them they knew nothing, yet he always gave them money. About their death I'd sooner say nothing; it's about the only thing that .weighs heavy on me. I could have saved them.' ' I feel so easy now,' said Bunakum, ' and you, Prudence, can bear witness to a great deal more.' 'That I can,' was the ready reply. 'He rehearsed the scene often enough in his dreams by my side. A am all drop old man ?' ' Yes, yes, I'm tired out,' said Bunakum, taking a glass ; but it fell from his nerveless hand. Prudence put another glass to his lips and he drained it off. 'Jack, said .bunakum, in a low voice; ' you're young yet. . Take an old man's ad vice and never taste. a drop of drink. You see what it has brought me down to. You know I might have been rich, respected and happy, only for my fondness for drink. Don't be lazy ; that's the father of all that's bad.' Jack did not reply ; he was thinking of the course he would adopt to bring Hector Macinnis to justice. His lofty position would prova, an obstacle, for who would believe such a terrible - accusation against so eminent a man ; especially when the principal accuser was a half lunatic drunkard. He was aroused from his reverie by a cry from Bunakum. ' I believe I'm going,' said he ; ' it seems as if I was all water, and Fm sure I haven't taken much of that stuff.' ' Shall I pray ?' asked the minister. 'If you like,' said Bunakum. ' The lights are going out fast, and the drive's getting very ' dark. I see a lot of people. There's Harry, and Jim and Joe, all dead years gone by. Look out boys; the old man's going home ta meet yon. He's lived in Grit until everyone's forgotten him. But you know me, old friends, old pals, in the great digging days when gold was plentiful. It's mighty dark, though, and the bar is hard, very hard — all sandstone. Miners of Grit the old man's going home! home! and the tyrant will have it all Ms own way, up in his pleasant palace on the hill. Strike, men of Grit! Strike hard I the rock's going! there's the light of the candles. Ah! Is this the Beef?' And Bunakum was dead. There was one person who did not witness ? his death, Prudence Macinnis had slipped out of the room unobserved. CHAPTER LXIV. A fearful explosion; a blast as of a great furnace ; a sharp and terrible pain — and then followed unconsciousness. When Obadiah woke to life again, it was to find himself cold and damp, surrounded by a thick darkness, the air having a thick sulphureous smell. No sound broke on the ear; there was a terrible stillness. At first the man gazed helplessly into the gloom, as if expecting to see there the awful spectres of another world, and the flames of torment. But gradually his senses awoke to the real situation, and it was with a thrill ing joy that he found himself once more in the land of the living. How he had escaped in that tremendous convulsion he could not think; it was sufficient for him to know that he was saved at least from immediate death. Perhaps, after all, an outlet had been left ; and ' and even if there was an opening, the miners might be able to save him, as they had saved Jack. God might be merciful to him. He would be brought to light again, and then he would visit with swift vengeance the man who had betrayed him. In the prospect of life the fears that had preyed upon him -when he had become conscious, died away, and once more hope, on her golden pinions, hovered around his head. What wealth and power would be his if he once more breathed the air of heaven ! He would never more risk his lif e again in a mine. But who could imagine thm Sniggle Snickers, whom he had^ taken out of the dirt, and raised to the position of manager of the Hesperus Extended, would have turned upon him? In this delirium of hope, he thought he heard the miners picking away at the rock to release him ; but in a few minutes he became convinced it was all imagination. A still more profound and fearful silence followed. The slightest sound would have been a relief, but none was heard. He now tried to raise himself, so that he might search for an opening whereby to escape. But the slight movement he made, caused him to shreik, and the hollow cavern resounded with cries like those of the tor mented in the abode of doom. His legs and arms were broken ! Terror now mastered this wretched being. He tittered cry after cry, scream after scream ; he called and called; he implored mercy, assistance ; he prayed in his agony to heaven, and vowed that if his life were saved he would devote it to the service of the Great Being, whom he had despised. But there was no answer save the echoes which mocked and jeered him. On every side arose the spectres of those he had ruined and wronged, gibing and mocking at him. Could bis face have been seen in that thick gloom what a picture it would have made of that of one of the lost ones in the Hall of Eblis. But no eye could see him, no ear could hear his cries. He was soon unable to cry or move ; the loss of blood had completely exhausted him. For a time, indeed, he gasped out incoherent appeals to heaven, to men, to demons ; pray ing and blaspheming by turns. Then Nature refused to assist him further, and he shrank back into the gutter, where he was lying, a helpless clod. (To be continued.) ? « ? Two millers thin, Called Bone and Skin, Would starve ^is all, or near it ; But be it known To skin and Bone, That flesh and blood can't bear it. — Byron. f~\ fi r~i _^rf 