THE LOST LUCK OF ARGENTON. CHAPTER XII. THE TURN OF THE TIDE. But Jonas Pawney could scarcely believe either his eyes or his ears, and he stood stock still without offering a welcome to Harry. He was completely dazed. Harry saw that he was on the verge of falling, and siezed him by the arm. 'Don't be alarmed Mr Pawney,' he said; 'I am no ghost. I've had a wonder- ful lot of adventures, and been saved from death by a series of miracles for which God be thanked. But I am here strong and well and come to claim Eve for my own.' 'But where have you been all this time?' asked Jonas Pawney. Why have you not written—sent a message— or something. 'All that I will tell you bye-and-bye,' Harry replied ; 'and now you must tell me what to do for the next two or three hours. But first, is Eve pretty well ?' 'Yes pretty well, worn a little. You see you've been so long away.' 'An age it seems to me. But I've come on as quickly as I could, and I could not go home until I had seen her. It is ridiculous perhaps, for me to come here at this hour but I could not help it the yearning was too strong. I inten- ded to get hold of one of the servants and send a message to you, and then we could manage the breaking of the news to her. She believes I am dead of course ?' 'We all believed it.' 'And was she sorry—very sorry.' 'You must not ask questions of me,' said Jonas Pawney with a little acidity in his tone. Being up all night and the shock he had recieved had slightly soured his temper. 'Eve will tell you about it, I daresay. But, my good fellow what sort of a dress is this ?' He might well ask the question, for Harry's attire consisted of a pair of canvas trousers, a torn shirt, a very old jacket, and slouch hat. As far as appar- rel went, he was the beau ideal of an idle tramp. 'Oh ! yes I forgot,' he added laughing; 'my clothes, of course. I've worked my way home and I've tramped all the way from Portsmouth, so, of course, I am not such a swell as I used to be. But you can lend me a coat just to see Eve in, and then I can run over to Tarnagulla and make myself thoroughly respectable.' 'You must be careful how you go, then, for it will be a shock to your mother. Is Herbert with you ?' 'No; poor Herbert is dead,' Harry said. 'But will you not go and prepare Eve to see me ? My heart aches with joy.' 'I suppose I must,' grumbled Jonas Pawney, 'but, with one thing, and another I bid fair to be laid up. You are sure you are Harry Argenton in the flesh and won't melt away while I am gone ?' 'I will go with you,' Harry said; 'smuggle me into your dressing-room by a back door. The servants are stirring I suppose ?' 'They ought to be if they are not.' Harry's programne was duly carried out. Jonas Pawney led him round to the back way, and the housemaids who were sweeping and cleaning were astoun- ded to see the master bring a ragged man who hid his face with his hands, into the house, and lead him up the stairs as if he were a gentleman. That morning Greville Argenton woke from a calm, untroubled sleep. Matters had gone smoothly with him and he had no care. That day he was to have an an- swer from Eve and he was sure what that answer would be. 'If she had fully resolved to refuse me she would have done it yesterday,' he argued; 'but women who hesitate are lost or gained as the case may be. It is curious to observe how they bow before conscience, and the means they employ to soothe it. There never was a woman yet who had not a jesuitical mind, and yet they have credit for so much simpli- city !' Greville had no conscience or if he had he kept it under control. He was dis- satisfied when anything went wrong with him, but up to the present he had known nothing of the prickings of a soul that has sinned. From boyhood he had scotched the common weakness and he believed it to be dead. 'It is a matter of nerves,' he used to think, 'and I do not fancy that I have any that anything of an ordinary nature could ruffle.' He dressed leisurely and carefully, without assistance, having declined the offices of his valet. Every article he put on he studied the effect of, knowing how often trifles affect a great career or spoil a good opportunity. An incongruous necktie has ruined the cause of many a fervent lover. He was in no hurry, for he was sure of his prey. Like a hunter who had set an infalible snare in a place certain of game, he knew his prey would be there when he went in search of it, and he proceeded very leisurely about every thing he did. 'His breakfast he ate fastidiously slow, and he ate well talking to his mother about his wedding, and arranging with her who were to be invited to that im- portant ceremony. 'I should like it to be something unique,' he said for r- wal.: .,,,ine. 'She has a he plied, 'and car under the sea.' 'It is the, po forget such things Greville replied ; 'they know th teresting.' 'I fear Greville that you are not a good judge of women.' 'At all events if Eve had been rea- sonably merry after Harry's death I never could have loved her.' He had never been in a more pleasant mood, had never looked happier or better, but there was something in his manner that jarred upon Lady Argenton. For the first time since he was born she had a peep of the under life that was in him, and it was repulsive to her, although she failed to fully understand it. 'Greville,' she said, 'are you sure of your love for Eve ?' 'As sure as I can be of anything,' he replied. 'And it will be strong enough to battle against the thoughts that she had loved another?' 'He is dead, and why should I think of him?' 'You ought to think of him as a lost brother.' 'In that sense I can never forget him; and I must always mourn for him.' But Lady Argenton was not satisfied. Her doubts had been awakened and she feared Greville was not to be numbered among the best of the line of Argentons. Mother-like she fought against a con- viction that pointed to ill, and refused to entertain it, as he was, moreover, the last ot the three brave, handsome boys, and it was hard that she should be brought to think ill of him. 'But all things are changed,' she thought, 'since the Luck of Argenton was lost.' It chanced that Sir Howard spoke of the ring that morning. Ever since that night when the robbery was discovered he had been unremitting in his endea- vours to recover it. To every country where there was civilization and a police a description had been sent and a hand- some reward offered for its recovery. He had even gone so far as to promise par- don to the thief for all he had taken if he would but return that ring. Efforts to obtain a clue were all in vain. 'I have a letter from Moscow,' he said, as he sat at the table, arriving late, 'and a disappointing one.' 'From the police?' Lady Argenton inquired. 'Yes; they thought they had a clue to the opal, but were mistaken. The one they tracked belonged to a Polish family who have had it for many years. It was stolen from them, and now it is returned.' 'How vexing !' 'More than vexing.' 'But why do you attach so much importance to it?' Greville said. 'What power can a ring have over our destinies?' 'Everything went right before it was lost.' Sir Howard said, and now every- thing goes wrong.' 'Not everything,' Greville said to himself, and smiled. Everything had gone right for him, and he flattered himself he was above attaching any value to a lost ring. After breakfast he sauntered into the park, and smoked a cigar with accus- tomed relish. There was plenty of time. Eve would not expect him before twelve, and he would start about eleven and walk across the fields. (To be continued.) 