Tiie Newcastle Crane .Regulations Difficulty. (TBOK OTO KEWCiBTLE COBBK6PONDENT.} JMEwcastIiE, Wednesday. La. its truest sense, the all-absorbing topic in com mercial and maratiine circles here during the past week has been the badly-timed attempt to reintro duce and foist upon the shipmasters the old and exploded Crane regulations. The public are tolerably well acquainted wuh these, and the cams belli for the present unmitigated expressions of discontent indulged in by captains, agents, and the shipping trfi.de generally. Some years ago a code of regula tions for the guidance of those in charge of cranes was framed, embodying the most stringent stipula tions-— in nine cases out of ten falling with crushing effect upon shipowners, bnt being p oved utterly impracticable, their career was bnt short lived, and by universal consent they were tacitly consigned to limbo. Our late pressure of shipping in Newcastle had one sequence, viz., that wharfage arrangements were thoroughly unlooked-to ; and, in many instances, cases of flagrant injustice to particu lar vessels came prominently into notice. Only on the shipmasters assembling en masse recently.' and passing- a condemnatory resolution, -5id the authori ties take the matter up. As their first etep a man date was issued from the wharfingers' office, signed by Mr. Sheppey, the wharfinger, notifying a certain line of action to be pursued in the future ; which was tantamount to resurrecting a ghost of the departed regulations. By this 'shipmasters' were, to be held penally responsible for delays in loading coal at the respective cranes ; and (a special arrangement having been entered into with the Customs authori ties) were to be debarred from getting their clear ances until armed with a certificate signed by the wharfinger, setting forth that they had paid all fines and penalties for breach of the so-called 'regula- tions.' I emphasize 'shipmasters' inasmuch as they have clearly been made the monkeys to pick the chestnuts from the fire, and are held responsible for delays in getting coal alongside, and into their vessels which the most hair-brained idiot could tell are not within the possible range of their prevention. I have already pretty clearly explained bow this is eo, and in case of point may quote three or four instances that are just now the stock grounds for grumbling. They speak for themselves, and I have the facts from an undeniable source. The ' Jesso mene' was under a certain crane, and was. ordered under another by the wharf authorities. She was drawing 21ft 9rn. Where ordered to there were found, on Bounding, about 18ft. Well, needless to Bay, she could not, and did not. Since then the captain has been served with a claim for about .£10.. ' for breach of the crane regulations.' The cranes alluded to were Nos . 1 and 2 respectively. The captain, further, had received orders to be in readiness to work at night ; had all his trimmers and crew in readiness, and waited patiently. No coal, no 'nothing.' Consequently coal- trimmers, as sensible men, not seeing the joke of wasting time for nothing, cleared out ; and when the black diamonds old come alongside there was no one to load them. Hence the fine ! The barque Veru lam and the French ship France Cheria may also be quoted in point. The former made formal applica tion to work, and moored as ordered. Along comes a steamer, moors astern, and another eoon follows suit by making her lines fast alongside. In course of time one hatch was filled, necessitating re moval to load further aft. Then came the rub : the steamers were deserted, end no men handy to haul them away. Jbrgo, a stoppage naturally ensued; and' then, whoop! comes the mandate, ' Pay down J87 for detaining the cranes, or you'll get no clearance !' The France Cherie's case was still worse. She had only waited 50 days for a chance to berth ; got her notice to load after 4 p.m., too late to make the necessary arrangements, and was quietly mulct in the sum of £7 15s. In both instances the masters openly defied the exaction, and sailed without clearance papers, preferring to fly to sorrows that they knew not of ; rather than put np with a pal pable extortion, or lodge a good round sum. in the ehark-like jaws of a governmental department. 3- he steamer Lindas, I ' hear has likewise followed suit ; -while, among other in stances, it may be remarked that only thin afternoon the fine barque Faith got under a crane, after waiting 50 days ! Some radical and speedy change is needed. Failing this, tba|most damaging results must accrue to all parties concerned. £ havo every confidence, towerer, that we are on the -verge of rectification, and we must be content to leave details to those in power, who are quite able, if they be bnt willing and prompt to give general satisfaction. I have been shown an original letter addressed to one of our leading .shipping firms, from the owners of » vessel over .50 days waiting a ' chance to load here. In it the -writers pithily re mark: 'At Euch iniserabls rates of freight as we are now getting it does not pay to move vessels to Newcastle, owing to the long detention which takes place ; and we do hope efforts will be made for improvement in this respect, as it has deterred us from doing anything with others of our vessels from Newcastle. The delay and detention in getting coal from your end will probably cause us to send them in ballast.' A word to the wise ! 