TURF COSSSP. By Falcon. Had tho wcathor boon loss threatening thoro iwould have been ,-v better attendance nt Gcclbng to witness. the Winter Steeplechase Mooting. Tho rocont cold weather with, tho watery appoaranco of tho sky, indicating . rain, kopt many, persons, away, yot if tlio club did not como out. withany- substantial benefit, it is to bo hoped that, no loss was ? sustained; Theso wintor uathorinzs aro always risky ventures; No. matter how far secretaries may look- forward in other- respects, tho weather may bo such as to upset their calcu lations at the last moment, and to bring about a loss where a sterling success should havo been tho reward, The metropolitans went down in forco, but they woro badly supported by tho lo cal people, who as usual held aloof from tho sports. A'good deal of water might bo soon; lying about in. close proximity, to tho courso, and' the. running, ground-, was sodden. and greasy., This' would, no- doubt affect horses, of. nor vous. or squeamish, dispositions, and. perhaps, bo; a point, in favor of tho young, and light weighted horses.. Although, thoro woro nine-, horses, in the Trot, it found so littlo favor that, j oven the major portion of tho ring preferred; to. ?press their double ovent goods to. watching tho ovent, and many visitors seemed tb think theycould'bottor employ their timo by devoting; it' to satisfying tho cravings ? of tho inward man. Black Diamond went out a favorite- for the Trot; but Prince' proved tho winner, with Neptune second.. Thisovor, tho legitimate bumnuss of. tho day commenced with the Hurdle Raco, four horses only- coming to the post, through the nonap 'poaronco of II andy Andy and Annie Laurie. ?Glenorran was mado a vory strong favorite, G to i. ibeing laid upon his winning, which he did easily, ishowing that ho is a bolter weight carrier than Eros, whoso party thought lie had a. fair show. 'Ho was second, just — and o:ily just — beating Songster, who was well backed, Bunstan being ? tho last horse. I'ow horses have improved moro ;tban Gleuorvan, and his condition was a credit to his' trainer, Joe Morrison. Larpent, who has 'grown into a roraarkably fine animal, and Don :Quixoto wore well supported ; but just prior to. saddling, Littlo Jack, from tho St. Albuns stablo,, came prominently into tho market, being so 'freely hacked that as littlo as 5 to 1 was accepted iabout him at last, and as ho advanced so the others retired and became weaker. Littlo Jack is I by King Colo from Charado; he is a long low colt, 'and looks like going tinder, a light weight. In i condition, too, ho was air that could be wished. [Both ho- and Belmont, in tho same stablo, got I badly away, as also did Don Quixote, and Bui montwas early out of ' the' races Ho is a good' 'looking colt, and. shows duality, and from his Ibhapo imd'.mako Laminclincd to: think, an shall, jsoahun show to greater, advantage in the future.. 1 By King of the King from. Idalia is his lineage,, iliia dam ibeing by, tho imported Tim Whifller from, iMusidora, by the, Premier. Larpent, with 9 st. 21b.,, 'ran.a good race, though without tho ghost of a. {chance of beating the.threo-year-old, who ran tho 'mile and a quarter in 2 min. 19 sec. Don Quixoto j did. not run up to expectation, which may, :bo attributed to tho Btato of tho ground. , Wizard was not at his best, but has grown and' , thickened into a voiy handsome horse, and if all' goes well' with him should havo a future beforo: | him. Ironmaster was of courso not nearly tit, ! tho object of running him being moro with a viow of gotiMij, him accustomed to ran. with, horses in colors than with any hopo or expectation. of win ning. Tho son of Tubal Cain aud Coquette is growing into a fine powerful horse, and bids fair 1 to buoiAr.o.-. cutater of weight. Dougalston looked' well to iii» nyo.and in oxcollont he;Jtli. No of ficial timo w:uj tiikon for this race, outside watches making it s min. 10 sec. A good deal of the in , torcst felt in tho Steeplechase was destroyed' by. tho erasure, ofthonamo of Sarsiiold, who was, however, cio56tu tbe course. Spring was mado a warm favoruo at 5 to i, with Cdllinswood at 2 to 1\. Tlio race ivus stiii further robbed of its- ih- torcst.by, Snrina fallinR at' tho: first fonco, and that vory iikvii outsider- Skipper falling, ovor. him. Aftcjiliii; a'tthssgli woll.pre3sed by Fira Kingand'J'i'--*£a.wk, Collingwood hold the win ning card, ana accomplished his tusk with just a triilo in imiici. Yaultor is a fine horse, and. should make a useful one some day, though he does not appear to have a large nmouut ofpaco. When' thoroughly fit tho T'lemington courso should, suit him best., Had not The. Hawk struck and fnllou. on his quarters, at tlio last f once ho would not havo bcon beaten by very much. The yonng ladwho rodohiin desorvos great-praise for tho way ho stcerod him. 9n coming to.Bcalo Tho. Hawk appoared to be Blightly larao in the. j liitid leg. Scipio won the Soiling llaco, but his ; owner-was run to £130 beforo ho- got him- back | again, tho:cliib making£105; Coriiuio, Dougals ! ton and Eordcrman. weroi all backed in turn for. tho Railway Stakes, and4ho latter just won, with ) Dougalston socond. Tho winner is a son of Bonny iCarltslo; - ; The. annual general meetinc: of tho Victoria. Racing, Club took placo, at Minnies' Hotel on ! Monday last, and was largoly attondod-; Captain \ Blandish ocqupyin; the chair. It was rathor a : stormy mooting; Mr. L, L. Smith objecting to the, scrutineers boing appointed prior to tho business ! of the meeting being proceeded with. Mr. James j Bathe took a curious andnovel' proceeding, ask ling each. of the candidates their views on two ? questions. One was, Aro you in favor of tho ' Totalisntor? to which all roturnod affirmative answorn. Socondly, whothor thoy wero fnvorable I tot increasing second and' third: prizes? This might, bavo. been loft, for tho committoo.to deal ' with, and would liavo como with more grnco as a request than as a question; As a rule, owners 1 objoot to sco tho II rst, prizo cut up.to supplement : seupniVandi third, places. Mr. Leonard wua tho only, man who.wasigamo onough to decline to plodgohimself to. this second question, and quite right, .too. Jfr. J. Wobstor mado an eloquent Epeech; strongly opposing tho action of tho committco ill licensing tho rina, ? no was, howover; alono in his argument. Mr: O'Hiilloran mo.de a very ualty sjicoch, jmd in oxcollcnt tasto, and had Mri L. L'. Smith been' less vigor*, onstliun lio was his: points would; havo bcon.ro coired with-more favor. . Mh D* S., Wallace was returned at, the' head, of tho poll, ,as- ho: desorvodi to. bo. The committco may ho said- to bo a. very jstrong ono ! Tlie following. arc tho stakes paid to winners at' jtho Into Stcoiilochaso Meeting of. tho Gcelong. Racing Clah :— Handicap Trot : Princo, £50 ;? Ndi)tuno, £10.' Handicap Hurdle Uacc; (Jlenor-. .van, £78 ; Eros; £10. Winter Handicap : Littlb- Jack, £110; Lurpcnt; £20.. Stcoplechaeo-:, iGollingwooil, £10i-; I'ire King,£20. Selling Flat iILa'o: Sciiiio, £7u:;. Railway. Stakos : Cordoiv 'man, £(i(i ; DoiiKdlaton, £2. Total stakes, £546.. In. .'inotlior column will ba found tho . woighta ? for tho Victoria^ Amateur Tnrf.Glub Meoting.to/ bo held on Saturday, 19th iiist., The wcights^ara slightly on tho high scale, still, thoro is.ccrtain. to ? lie a very largo acceptance. Handy. Anjy; 12 st,, }7 lb., hoads:tho list for tho.HUrdlb Race, nntjl jRheaus has a, stono more than lio carried' at' Plemington. Tho twomost in favor aro Sports man and Annio Laurio. For tho Grand National' Steeplechase, Collingwood stands at 12 st; 8 lbt,. and Loft: Bower at li: st. 12Mb; Tho horsosi ispottod are Chrysalis, Spring and Sarsficld:; but Stag, Brcocliloader and Jack Wcandal must not: bo lost sight of. Tho, othor races are not. yet touchou. Thoro should bo vory largo fields, and. tho races are most open. It mustbo romoinbcred! that all horses not scratched ontuol/th inst., will be deomedaccoptors, aud:hcld liablo for the sweepstakes. At a meeting of tlio ? committoo of tho V:R.O.',, hold on Tuesday- last, tho following' gocitlemen wero elected for the ensuing year; viz. : — Chair- man, Captain Standish.. Slowards, Messrs., C. B., Fisher, R.. Qoldsbrough, M.. O'Shannsey, R., Power; D-, S. Wallace. Starter,, -J. Watson., Treasurer,. J. C. Walltor. Judge, J. Johnston.. iHaudicanpcr, E: T. Barnard. Secretary, H.'. Byron Moore. Works committee; Q'. Watson, W. Leonard, M. O'Slianassy, D. S, Wallace.' Finance' ; committco, Captain Standish, A; W; Rbbortson? Robert Power. 1 Wizard is scratched for tlio V.A.T.C; Welter Handicap Rnco. i The. Amateur Challengo Cup, tho rjift of, Mr.-. A. S.. Chixneido,, is on viow: at: Walsh Bros;',, i Collins-street, and the Welter Cup, the gift.oE |Mr. Robert Chirusido, may bo seen at Brush and.' Dnimmond'a. Tho following horses declared, forfeit, for tho Molbourno Cup ou Monday : — Sir Joseph, Lady Hampden, Bathurst, Dunodiii; Kal Kal' and' Hilltop. At tho annual' meeting of' the' BendiKO1 Jockey Club, held, on Tuesday, it was- resolved' to allow tho committee to take th'o necessary stors to form a club for tho purpose. of- working a-totalisator. . Mr. J. Cripp3 has. given 81 guineas for tho. hurdle racohorso, Tho British Lion. Tho Adelaide. Racing Club lusld a Winter Moot ing last.wook. Lady Carrington . won tho Selling Hurdlollaco, Rbvongo second. Royal Irishman' took tlio Royal Handicap, Tlio Vagabond' second.. Knnvo of Diamonds sconrcil ' tho Stoeplechase; Ron' O'Moro second. Triplet, won. tho Corin thian Race, beating Matador; and Royal Irishman took the Flutter, Hebrew Bcconcl. Fifty-fivo horses ntill remain in tlio, Mctropoli— tan Stakes, and twelvo Victorian horses- havo i been entered for tho A. J.C. Huvdlo Raco, . and fifteen for the Steeplechase. T.itters.ill's Turf Club Meeting is on this week. It is .not oxpoctod to throw much light upon tho' Spring handicaps. Boolka, Lord Lisgar and Kottledrum are struck out of tho Uawkeabury Handicap, and Lord' Loftus for all engagements. On account of the recent heavy runs, tho trotting matches that wore. to take place to-day, at.Elstornwicsk, ore postponed until 20 instl Sorslicld is said to havo joined T. Wilson's stable nt Dowling. Forest, Wheatear, Sir Oliver, Aco and Morning Star aro scratched for tho Cuullicld Cup. Howie's horses Suwarrow;. Lotlmir, Grand Duchess, Erichthoneous, ICohinoor and. Kanaka, are doing well. in. Sydiioy wherothoy havoar rived; Messrs. Yuillo and Co. roport this iveek, having sold,, on account of Mr. D. S.. Wallace, the mare Tido. to iorbrooder, Mr. A. Smith, Gippsland. iOn account of owner the hurdle racer,, Tho British; Lion, to Mr. J. Cfipps. On account of Mr. Jno. !M6fTat, tho racchorso Scandal, to a well known ? racing man. ' A notice of sale to tako place at tho Agricul-. tural Show Grounds on Wednesday, 16th August, when such colebritiea as Warlock, His- Lordship,, Chesterfield, Good Morning; Orient; Calamia, Tho Marquis and Ai T. will, be. sold.': also. Mr.. Roberts's late importation of trotting horses, con sisting of Len Rose (aBU-o: fromiGovernor Stam ford's Btud in CaUfbrnia), and seven: first, rato marcs, appeitrs in our advertising columns. The Sydney Town and. Country reports tho following training notes :— ' On Thursday Kelso was tho first to open tlio boll' by sending Lordl Orvillb, in company with Twolvo Yo.irs, a fast mile and a half, Silver Anowjoining in. the list fivo furlongs, bnt could not hold his own with Lord Orvillo, who finished up vory strong and well »fior completing ono of tho bosK gallops donetorKomo time.. Gamecock waer sent once iouuu sirong, the: othor3 of Ivory's string — Lord Burghiuy, lOoking.vory well, Vulturb. Jim Tyeott and the Julian 'Ayenal . colt— beibg tent, strong useful work, Shadow, Crownod' Head, Doctorand Molly M'Carty (Into Lily) wore given three times round, comin' hotno fast ; Vestal and Vanquish wore rattled alons'over ttverjrgoodiivo furlongs-, winding up with a -canter over the samo distance; Mr. J. Whito's two-year-olds wero treated to'easyoxoruiso with a ran of a couplo of: fur;, longs, in which Aliddlcuioi'ch.gDt well, away and, caino homo in .front. Tho Yattondon- Preservo and. Wilberforce colta put im serviceable work, and tho same may be said o£ Harry Raynor's youngsters and Duiiedin. Rupert was sent ailono, whilo his atablo. companions,- Stella, Tho OooKnejf and I'rooio3a, .cantered on the- Band 'track1,, tho others of- AIbopp's string going on-, tho courso with the' colora np. Scgouiioo fairly romped homo'in front of .Guat-nycE at tho cm\\- of a- faat milodftor a cantor. Keys sont. Balmoral! and Crevrolin company, withiUarbor; anditlio trio pnt in sumo good work, tho two ? horses coming homo in front; JosBio. did good Borvicoablo . work o£ twice round: tho. inside track,, and. buowb. plenty of. musclo ; her stablo companion,, Cduttnoy., ta coivinc tlio samo, amonat of/work. Hnstitigs (latb Waterloo) was porBcvercd'witli at tho ond'.of a fast onco round;, in company -with Boll'Bird'and another. Hoola, after & iotiu cuntcr; ran- hotno tho lnstlmlE' mile, a class of' work also performed by Morpoth. Garain nras culrabed by Decision at;tboond,of afast.thrM^inaners ofia;mil6:spin, and. tho filly, Morceau had no troublo in keening ' Garry Owon's company ovor iho .. saino. distanooi Lamond, as usual, wound up tho. moraine. with Brunctto nnd J'andajigo, but tho. taslc allottod .. thorn was only a cantor of about thrco miles' and a half.' '?-,''?'. : ' j 