®fa Ibtafcmit Ütomw. THURSDAY, AUGUST S, 1882. AFTER the passage of. the Immigration Bill through committee yesterday, the House went into committee on an equally important measure, the Mineral Lands Bill. Hero again tho absence of party spirit was agreeably displayed, and a discussion raised by the Hon. H. E. King on the repealing clause soon proved that the leading prin- ciple of the bill-the substitution of a lease- hold for the freehold tenure of mineral lands-was almost unanimously approved of. Mr. King's argument that the owner of mineral lands spent larger sums of money upon them than the agriculturist did, and hence that the former was entitled to an equally good tenure with the latter, appeared to carry with it a good deal of force. Yet tho fact that in all the Austra- lian colonies there is a strong objection to part with the fee-simple of the land, and that to the miners of Queensland it is equally repugnant, cannot be ignored. Nor has Queensland experience been of a nature to prove that the possession of the fee-simple is usually a stimulant to mining enterprise. On the contrary, the figures adduced by the Minister for Mines in moving the second reading of the bill, went to prove that alienation rather encouraged dog-in-the manger monopoly than the investment of capital in the pursuit of subterranean wealth. The sentiment against alienation, moreover, ii fonnded upon tho reeorvation by the Crown of all minerais found upon land conveyed by grants to private persons. Mr. King's contention, therefore, met with abso- lutely no support, and, despite the forcible manner in which his arguments were used, they proved quite ineffective. The opinions expressed by the mining members on both sides forbade hopo that they would ever be induced to assent to the holding of mineral lands on a freehold tenure, and therefore Mr. King wisely abandoned his amend- ment. Even Mr. Stubley, whose Parlia- mentary career has hitherto boon charac- terised by unvarying antipathy to the Government and all its works, was con- strained to admit that Mr. Macrossan'« Mining Bill was one with which lie could find no fault, although he liad narrowly scrutinised every clause ; while Mr, M'Lean, who cannot bo suspected of any sympathy with the present Government, volunteered the assurance that ho would give the bill his hearty support. The legal members of the Opposition took advantage of the discussion on the repeal clause to try to extract from Ministère their intention with regard to applications already made under tho Mineral Lands Act of 1872, many of which applications, it was alleged, had been long held in suspense. Ultimately Mr. Macrossan gave tho assurance that such applications would be dealt with on their respectivo merits under the repealed Act, which was deemed satisfactory, but on the motion of Mr. Griffith the clause was amended by adding some words requiring that conree to be followed. On tho seventh clauso Mr. Griffith called atten- tion to the now departure in' legislation-of which, howovor, ho fully approved-pro- hibiting Asiatic or African aliens from holding mining licenses, and consequently from engaging in mining avocations. Several other lion, members also oxpressed their approval of this provision, and it met with no opposition. Tho adoption of this clause is significant, as showing that legal means can be taken to prevent the competition of Chincso and other Asiatics with our own working men, and to confino coloured labour to specified callings in which cheap labour will bo advantageous to the community in general without being injurious lo any class or member of it. In this method of licensing there is nothing to which tho Imperial Government would bo likely to tako objection. So far as wo can sec thoro is no reason why a law should not bo passed requiring every Asiatic to procure a license before engaging in any trado or culling whatever. If this prove to bo the case, the alarm exhibited at the prospect of the colony being overrun by Asiatic labourers ought to lie odeetually allayed, Tn considering olauso 8 of tho bill much (lillii'ulty was experienced by bon. members in dealing with tho provision which made all minet als other than gold found in land held under a mining license, tho property of the licensee. "When gold was found, it was asked, whoso property could it be, nnd by whom would it. bo mined ? It was pointed out that clauso 24 provided for cases in which gold was found " associated " or 1 " combined " with other minerals ; but against this it waa urged thai gold might be found in proximity to .but ¿neither associated nor combined with other, metals. The Premier appeared to be of opinion that the holder of a gold-miner's right would be able to enter upon and work for gold-on land held by virtue of a mining lease under the bill, and that nothing was done by it to in_ any way limit the rights enjoyed by the gold-miner. But to this opinion Mr. Griffith took exception, and we think correctly so ; for the miner's right only gives its holder the privilege of working for gold on Crown lands, whereas areas held by virtue of a license or lease under the Mineral Lands Bill are expressly defined by that bill not to be Crown lands. And this appears to embody a sound principle, for land held under license or lease is in the nature of private property, and no Legislature in Australia has yet sanctioned the intrusion of gold-diggers upon alienated lands. As the leaders on both sides of the House admitted, legislation for mining where gold and other minerals are found in near proximity is complicated by difficult questions. Clause 15, which specifies in very general and rather ambiguous terms the conditions and covenants to be inserted in mining leases, excited a good deal of discussion. Mr. F. A. Cooper had given notice of an amendment requiring land so held to be continuously worked for eight hours a day. Mr. Griffith also objected to the clause, and sketched out several provisions which, in his opinion, ought to be embodied in it. Mr. Macrossan, on the other hand, contended that a wide discretion must be reposed in the Executive, and that the con- ditions and covenants of leases must be settled by regulation, as in the case of goldfields leases. There is much to be said on both sides of the question, but we think that Mr. Griffith is perfectly right in his contention that the principle on which leases are to be granted should be embodied in the Act itself and the details only left to regulations. We have no doubt that by Tuesday next Mr. Griffith will be able to draft a new clause which Ministère can accept, and that thus a con- siderable improvement will be effected in the bill. Indeed, we do not see why a model lease should not be inserted as a schedule to the bill, power being given to vary the form as circumstances require. The day is gone by when the Executive can expect to be granted carte blanche. Par- liament is bound to settle the principles of legislation, and to limit, as for as possible, the ever-increasing powers which the com- plexities of modern civilisation thrust upon the Executive Government. IN the latest news from Egypt there are some satisfactory features, but there is as yet nothing to establish confidence in a speedy settlement of the dilliculty and restoration of peace. One item of news of good promise seems to be immediately counterbalanced by another of ill omen. The banks in Alexandria are reopened, which looks well, and shows that order is restored to a certain extent at least in the city ; that is to say, the sway of the mob is lat an end, and there is security for com- merce and exchange in those quarters where European sentries and patt ola brook no in- terference. Of courso the banks would take the earliest opportunity of resuming work, but business done under such condi- tions has a rather uninviting and precarious look about it. As to tho threatened bombardment of Aboukir castle and fort, whether it take place or not appeai-s as yet to be very doubtful. It would seem that there are still hcattered through Egypt many unhappy Europeans, and Admiral Seymour may think it the wisest and most humane conree not to further imperil their lives by a second bombardment, which would probably eventuate in another mas- sacre. Aboukir has, by the way, a record in British history of a most interesting nature, and which it is very possible has not yet closed. The bay, stretching from the Rosetta mouth of the Nile to Aboukir Point, where the castle stands, is about twenty-two miles across. Eighty-four years ago in that bay Nelson gave battle to the French under De Bruyes. The latter were the more powerful in men and ships, but Nelson, never counting in any of his engagements the apparent superiority of the enemy, drove seven of his ships between the French fleet and the shore, and with other eight opened on them a terrible fire from front and rear. At an early period of the battle -thonceforth known in English history ns the " Victory of the Nile "-the French Admiral was killed, and his flagship L'Orient set on fire, and out of a crew of nearly one thousand men barely a hundred escaped, to become prisoners of the British and perish miserably in British gaols. Only two ships of the French fleet managed to force their way through Nelson's line of battle, though heavily armed shore batteries supported them during the action. Nelson got a title and a pension of ,£3000. The place, however, continued in possession of the French, and in March, 1801, the English fleet and troopships again commonced operations against it. Aboukir Castle and village had meanwhile been strongly fortified and well garrisoned, but on the 8th March Sir Ralph Abercrombie, under cover of the ship's guns, landed a large force, stormed the Frenchmen's posi- tion, and drove them completely out of the town and forts. They retreated on Alex- andria, and seized and fortified the heights in its neighbourhood. Some months later a British force commanded by the samo general again gave- them battlo, and after desperate lighting again defeated them, but at tho loss of his own life and the lives of many hundreds of his mon. Altogether this, according to old associa- tions, is particularly " uncanny" ground for the French, and it is no wonder that they are somewhat^ anxious to clear out of it, though they certainly aro doing so in any- thing but a dignified fashion. To-day they will act in concert with the British at all points ; to-morrow they will divide the work, but tho next day they will do nothing at all-truly the Ropublio under M. do Freycinet does not appear to advantage in this Egyptian business. Ono thing seems certain - namely, that tho English Government recognise tho fact that thero is, or may yet be, plenty of fighting to bo dono, and they are pushing forward all thoir strength for the doing of it. To despatch the Grenadier Guards, tho Coldstream Guards, and House- hold Cavalry to tho scat of war is a stej) which seems warranted, according to former usngo at least, only by a wai' of the most serious and prolonged nature, and thero is as yet nothing on tho surface to justify tho new departure. It is however explainable, possibly, on two difl'e ront grounds. It may bo meant as a "de- monstration" to Europe that England is thoroughly in earnest in this business, and mean« to seo it through at all cost, which would decidedly bo a wholesome impression to mako. Tho othor hypothesis is that Sir Carnot Wolseley'« thoory, that tho anny, without oxception of any regiment or class, should bo roady at call, and oiliciont for active service, 'is^nowreoogniseci 'at the Horse Guards.*-''.The[officers and men of those regimeWa ' would, we believe, desire nothing better than such exercise and test of what material they are made of, and amongst the middle and working classes ~in "Englafid~~any "Sourse of "action that would turn what are irreverently designated "JeatherbetFand "ornamental" soldiers .into soldiers compelled to take long marches, short rations, hard pillows, .and their fair risk of hard knocks, would be most popular, and might even have a good deal of influence in' deciding the next general election in, Great Britain. The English working man, despite radicalism and peace societies, is, when roused, essentially and to the backbone a " jingo" quite as much as any Tory squire or farmer, and if both could only DO porsuaded that Gladstone, while soothing the British lion as long as was possible and discreet, made him roar, at least, to good purpose, the declining in- fluence of the Liberal party would be re- established in all its pristine vigour. THE situation in Egypt is still the topic in which is centered the principal interest of our cable news. The Khedive has given formal authority to the British to occupy the Suez Canal, and every precaution is being taken to ensure its safety. Tho corvette Orion has pro- ceeded to Ismailia, and a considerable body of marines have beon landed at that place, which, from its central position in tho canal, is well situated as the head quarters of a force co-operating with the men-of-war which will guard the entrances of the Canal at Suez and Port Said respectively. The duty of protecting the Canal will apparently devolve entirely upon Great Britain, since France, who was to have shared the task, has now with- drawn her fleet from Egyptian waters. Turkey is making preparations for sending the pro- mised force for the pacification of Egypt. A small war loan is being raised by the Porte, nnd 5000 troops wore to have embarked yester- day. The British Government seems disposed, however, to dispense with the assistance of these doubtful allies unless they are subordi- nated to English authority. Tho embar- kation of troops from England is being pushed rapidly forward. The Grenadier Guards embarked on Monday, the Coldstream Guards were to follow on Tuesday, and the Household Cavalry yesterday, so that a large force, consisting of the flower of tho British army, will soon bo assembled at the seat of war. An engagement, though probably of no great importance, has taken place between the troops remaining loyal to the Khedive and some of Ourabi's forces, in which tho latter were repulsed. Midshipman Dechair, who was captured by the Egyptians a few days ago, has been sent unharmed to Cairo. It is now estimated that the number of Christians mas- sacred at Tantah and other places during the late outbreak of the native population amounts to £550.-The Russian Ambassador, whose re- tirement led to the suspension of the European Conference on Egyptian affairs, has been in- structed to rejoin it, so that the sittings will now probably bo resumed.-The cricket match between the Australian Eleven and the Liver- pool club has had to bo postponed on account of rain.-The harvest prospects in England, though somewhat brighter now than they were a short time ago, aro still unfavourable, and the yield will be below tho average. In America, however, thcro is every prospect of largo returns. THE Legislative Assembly will meet this afternoon at the usual hour, when private members' business will take precedence. The first motion on the paper is by Mr. Allan, for leave to introduce a bill to relieve selectors from certain conditions of the Act of 1876. This is followed by Mr. Buckland's motion for £45,000 to be placed on the next Loan Estimates for the construction of a railway from South Brisbane to Cleveland, via Hemmant and Lytton. Then come the following motions in the order named :- Mr. Norton, affirming the desirableness of appointing a geologist to inspect the southern and central districts ; Mr. Jessop, for a sum to survey a line from Dalby to the Bunya Mountains ; Mr. Jessop, for a monument to the late Sir Joshua P. Bell ; Mr. Kellett, for the printing of papers relative to the dismissal of certain magistrates ; Mr. O'Sullivan, for a grant of land to the representatives of Messrs. Wildash and Hutchison ; Mr. Norton, in favour of circulating the annual departmental reports at as early a date as possible ; Mr. Price for a railway survey from Burrum to Bunda- berg, via Isis ; Mr. Feez for certain papers relating to the Volunteer force ; Mr. Hamil- ton for a railway survey from Gympie to Bris- bane ; and Mr. Miles for the survey of a loop line from Clifton railway station by way of Back Plains, Ellangowan, North Branch, and terminating at Jondaryan or Oakey Creek. TnK caso of Spry v. Mincliinton, heard in the Petty Debts Court yesterday, created moro than usual interest, the court being almost full of listeners. Tho plaintiff claimed £4 19s. for the detention of a butcher-bird; and in support of tho case his son Richard Spry was called, mid stated that a son of the defendant had told him that his father had a butcherbird belonging to Mr. Spry. This, however, was denied by the defendant's son, vvhilo both the defendant and his wifo swore they never hail a butcher-bird in their possession. At tho close of tho case, Mr. J. M'Master, ono of the magistrates on the roster for tho week, and Mr. E. Mac Donnell, another Justice, both stated that they had been sub poanacd by tho plaintiff- that they knew nothing whatever about the case, that they had not boen called to givo evidence, and that they believed they had beon summoned solely in order to koop them off tho bench during the hearing of the matter. Thoy also stated that they in tendod to instruot their solicitors to recover exponaos for the wasto of time, with a view of handing the sum to tho Brisbano Hospital. Colonel Ross, chairman of the bench, said ho considered this a great insult to those gentle- men, and wished to mark his sense of such conduct. A TELEGRAM has beon received by tho Com- missioner of Police announcing that a boy aged 7 years, named Evans, left his homo at Charters Towel's on tho 28th July and has not sinco been heard of. A constablo and tracker, with a largo party, havo been searching the neighbourhood for tho littlo fellow, but without success, and it !s feared he has fallen down an old shaft, A press telegram in another column shows that tho body of the child has sinco been found in a waterhole near his houso. THE Paris correspondent of tho Economist says that tho Panama Company has just re ceived an important piece of novvs from the director of works on tho isthmus. One of the expected difficulties of tho undertaking was tho cutting of a trench, eighty yards deep, for several miles through a range of mountains supposed to bo of rocky formation. Tho borings that hnvo been recently carried on have revealed tho fact that the mountains con- sist of earth throughout, and no rocks exist along tho wholo Uno of tho canal. This dis- covery will shorten considerably the timo re- quired for making the canal, and largoly reduce tho outlay, as the cost of excavating rocks is ten francs per cubic metre, and for earth one franc only. It may, hovvovor, causo a short present delay, as the perforating machines sent out will be useless, and additional plant for cutting the earth will be required. THE ordinary monthly meeting of thoQueons land Medical Society was held in tho rooms of tho Philosophical Society last night, Dr. Ban- croft in the chair. The number of members was increased to tw ty-thrce. The council of the society for tho w-is elected, consisting of-President, Dr, O'Dohcrtyj treasurer nnd secretary, Dr, Snii¿h ; and thrco other mem- bers, Drs. Bañero t, Taylor, and Thomson. Tho annual subscription was fixed at two guineas for town mombors nnd ono for country mombers. It was agreed to hold a special mooting in a fortnight with tho,viovv.of.com- pleting the by-laws of tho society, JUDGING from remarks made yesterday hv the Premier in tho Assembly, wo may soon expect a considerable increase in the number of immigrants coming to this colony. The Pre. mier said that, in addition to the 10,000 immi" grants per annum, with regard to whom the Agcnt-Gencral-had~becn instructed, he-had sent home telegrams within the last month to increase that nümbor. .' He had also instructed the Agent-General,-by telegraph, to engage ships fçr all the availablo immigrants he coidd send at the present time. The increased number would come to the colony not by the mail steamers, butAiy passenger ships. MB. MACROSSAN announced yesterday, dur- ing the debate in committee on the bill relating to mineral lands! that it was intended to have in future, all mining matters under the control of the Mines Department. At present the Lands Department has the management of some of the mining districts, and if only for the sake 'of regularity, Mr. Macrossan's amendment must be deemed welcome. THE opera of " Mignon " was repeated at the theatre last night to a moderately good house. The members of the company who took the principal parts acquitted themselves as satis- factorily as on the previous night, and were as well receivcJ. The opera is very appropriately mounted, and the music, especially t!..u which falls to the lot of Miss Montague, is so beauti ful that it cannot fail to interest those who listen to it. The same opera will be produced to- night. THERE was a very successful performance of the Liliputian Opera Company at t!u- Albert Hall last night, and the funds of the .Dnsbane Hospital wUl doubtless receive a coiwdorablci¿ accretion from the liberality of the manager^, in according this benefit, though the house was not so large as might have been expected. The " Chimes of Normandy" was the piece chosen, and this will be repeated to-night aiU to-mor- row. There is to be a change of programme on Saturday, and it is understood that the com- pany are getting new costumes and eireet» from Sydney for that occasion. HITHERTO I have (says "Endymion") been taught to regard South Australia as the moral colony of the group. A little, perhaps, of Sleepy Hollow about it, but quite correct and respectable. I am sadly afraid that some of those wicked Vic- torians have been working their ill upon the Adelaidians and leading them astray. For South Australia isnow heading us all in Bharp practices. First carne the insurance fraud, now on the heels of that comes the cleverest bit of salting that I have ever heard of. A man named Laytread-ominous nomenclature this -had some property he waa wishful to sell to a gold-mining company. He crushed some stone, and took the amalgam to an assayer. Theil, the Tsly dog that ho was, he quietly put Borne sovereigns into the assay pot, and thus pro duced a splendid yield. Of course the bait took, the ground was purchased, and the buyers thought that they had a good thing. Months afterwards Laytread found that his game has not succeeded. Bulk, wo suppose, was not up to sample. Now ho is in gaol on a charge of attempting to defraud. Had he followed my old motto, "Honesty is the best policy," lie would have kept his sovereigns, and, what i of more importance still, his liberty. ___________________________________ THE ordinary meeting of the Shire of Toowong Council was held at the institute, Toowong, on Tuesday evening last, when thero were present- Councillors White (in the chair), Todd, Mathewson, Stanley, Jones, and Cribb. The following correspondence was read:-To the Minister for Lands, requesting the opening of a road along the north-east ooundary of portion 237, Enoggera ; Thomas Logan, grant- ing him permission to lay a pipe drain under the footpath from his property on Sherwood road ; Booroodabin Divisional Board, acknow- ledging the receipt of their letter re level cross- ings; William Cronin and Timothy Scanlan, informing them that by-law No. 2 requires owners of public vehicles to take out licenses, and should they again infringe the same legal proceedings will bo taken. From tho Under Colonial Secretary, stating that instructions had been given for the survey of the proposed road along the north-east boundary of portion 237\. A petition was received from F. H. Brown and others, drawing the council's atten- tion to tho state of John-street, which was re- ferred to the Improvement Committee, with power to act. The Finance Committee pre- sented their report, recommending payments to tho amount of £70 (is. lid., for day labour, rent of Milton stand pipe, &c; Tho balance sheet for tlie half-year ended 30th June, as printed, was allowed. _______________________________ IT lias been intimated to Mr. J. F. Burns, ' M.P., chairman of the New South Wales com- mittee for the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition, by tho Colonial Secretary, that Hie Agent-General lias written to inform him that out of the second consignment of wine per s.s. Shannon, tlie following wines have been short delivered, namely :-F. J. BoufKer, 1 case ; H. J. Linde- man, 1 case ; A. IS. Davies 3 bottles ; F. J. Bouffier, 1 bottle ; T. V. Ranch, 2 bottles, No. 1 case ; T. V. Ranch, 2 bottles, No. 3 case ; lion. W. Macleay, 10 bott lei. Notice lias been given to the P. and O. Company, by the Agent General, that a claim will be made for the value of tho wine so delivered short. All the w iues were insured at 24s. a dozpn, which will be readily paid by the company ; but thero is no doubt that the miling wines were abstracted after being landed at the docks in London. These losses are much to bo regretted. Every case had been carefully packed and well hooped. -Sydney paper. WnAT has stirred up the Egyptians (asks the Echo) to this pitch of fury, if indeed it is the Egyptians who are moving? They have not been accustomed to regard Europeans as natural prey. White men and women have travelled and traded and dwelt in Egypt as securely as in Germany, free of any fear of outrage or the remotest note of holy war. Is Ourabi Boy the only devil? Had ho no ances- tors? The hands that forged the lances and sharponed the scimitars of Ourabi Boy's fanatic followers, or the scum who follow their own bestial instincts, were those of the Khedive Ismail, and the French and English money- lenders who raised tho mil- lions to satiate his desires. It is Ismail's creditors who aro knocking, not at Ismails door, but at the hearts of all tlie wretched fellaheen who riso with mad enthusiasm at tho ghost of a national cause. It is Ismail s creditors who render Ourabi's mission possible, and give tho dogs who follow fightin? men their chance of prey. No use of talking of it now, perhaps ; shot and steel must finish what rapacious greed and licentious prodigality began ; but it is just as well to remember it ; it aids at least to a proper understanding, if nota righteous judgment of the whole matter. And also let it be carefully remembered that it is not on record that tho national spirit of Egypt has polluted itself with abominable cruelty. Thero ia a scum, a canaille, a devildom, a larrikinism in Egypt as in Sydney or Mel- bourne; and it naturally asserts itself tho moment restraint is unfclt. THE intelligence that Russia contemplatci annexing the Corean peninsula, with tho view of strengthening her position in tho Paoinc. cannot (observes tho Australasian) bo viewed with indifference by the Australian colonies. Any step which will enable a systematically aggressive Power like Russia to increase her naval strength in tho Pacific has a direct bear- ing upon the futuro interests of these colonies. It is notorious that for years Russia has been seeking to establish a naval station on the eastern coast of Asia, which would servo as tue head-quarte»rs of her Pacific squadron'«, and con- stitute a suitable and impregnable base in tue event of war with China, Japan, or Great Bri- tain. Nicolaicvsk proved a complote failure, ana was abandoned in favour of Vladivostock, wlium is some 10' farther south, but this place li not suitablo for a naval station, w tt is name to bo blocked with ico for many months at » time. Tlie Russians have, however, now un- covered the very spot for which they hayo so long sought. About 100 miles south of tne Turnen River, which constitutes the present Russo-Coreau boundary, is Brought on way, ino northern end of which is said to rorm one « the most magnificent harbours in tho "°"": This the Russians have named Port kaioro". and should they determine to »mux it, it«i J give them the command of two of tho north«ii provinces of Corea, and place thom r. I"»8.1"0'} to threaten Pekin and the north, i ovtf." China at will. Corea, although vu.. Va",'" dependent sovereignty, is still non' nail) n. i« datory of China, and its forcible annexa»on would be in etty certain to be resented byrne Celestial Empire, and possibly by Japan, wine» also has somo interests to conservo in tac peninsula. Great Britain would most Hltcjj content herself with à reraonstranço, altnouK«. ultimately, her colonial possessions j» JJ Paciflo may bo dangerously nionaccd tiirougi tho splendid baso of operations which Kimi* will have i ©cured in tho East. -THE death of the well-known Australian poet, - Henry Kendall, Wits announced ni our ele ^nUccolumnaycsterday.uorning./Thc,foUovyJ-, Aunt of his life, fpvvntothe);earIS7 is S "Hcaton's Dièhonary' of -'Dates : »Cn-at Ulladulla, New" South Wales, nt Ifití He was educated privately Commenced "«a writer in I860, in-'the columns of the *£ .« nml continuedtd contribute for that' S'ÍAW »nt» '1863- Iu 18G2 hc Shed »Poems and Son?s " which he sup "rcsscd in 1865, considering it too crude a pro- duction Ho wrote also prose and verse for Xm and Country Journal, Freeman's Journal, "T^dnmi Pwich. In 18G3 he obtained a situa- ron hfu.e LandsDepartmc.it, afterwa^ £olonial'Secrctarv's Department, which alter St he held till I860, when he resigned ?nd went to Melbourne, and wrote for the Australasian, Argus, and Daily Telegraph, tZ Melbourne Pnnch.tirviColomal Monthly ;also fortwosatiricalpapew.ÄtMnteirandTbiicAitoii*. He competed for a prize for the best poem on "n Australian subject, and gained it. He, in conjunction with Charles Edward Horeley, composed the cantata for tho opening of the Melbourne Town Hall. Here, overwork un fortunately led him into intemperate habtts, but in 18T4 he entirely recovered his former excellent reputation, and obtained a situation near Brisbane Water, where he now resides. The following notes concerning the de^ ceased po«t are supplied by a contributor : '? Hcnrv Kendall is dead ! For the mere multi- tude tSesc words have but little signification, but to those who knew the poet and his works lhere is a woird sound of woe in the announce mt The writer spent a delightingland well "cmbcrod day In January, 1878, with lovely inlet of the Pacific and the broken rivulet which falls into it, and known as Little Coogee Bay This stream is clear as crystal, never fails'in any drought, and leaps 8ft. at a time into basins 5ft. deep embowered in ferns and mosses Old Mr. Bennett (then so near his end by an untoward accident) showed no sign of failing vigour, and the way he leaped and clambered over the steep rocks of that vicinity would have shamed many a man fifteen years vouneer. But what has all this to do with Henry Kendall? Simply this,, that the con- versation that day turned chiefly on Rolf Boldrewood, Kendall, and other Australian writers of note. Mr. Bennett knew Kendall well, and had a thorough appreciation of his genius and character, and ably described him to tho writer, of these lines as a rare combination of qualities ; as a bushman, in- stinct with the keen perceptive nerve and oyo of a black aboriginal, who has his name for every blade of grass, frond of fern and bank of moss, for every tree, rock, stream, and moun- tain ; and with all that savago wood-lore deeply woven in his nature, Kendall waa a white man, and a poet of high degree, as his works show. There are plenty of blackfellows, full of the weird superstition and the sylvan woodcraft that the wild bush imparts, but they cannot put it into poetic English ; and there aro poets, too, but ' the bush ' has never talked to them in its own language, nor revealed itself to thora as it did to Kendall, for, to quote the graphio phrase of Mr. Bennett to tho writer on tho occasion referred to, Kendall was all the samo as an ' inspired blackfellow,' which two words give a cluo to the mystic charm that breathes through his verses quite «ni yeneris, and only faintly approached m point of being ' racy of tlie boil' by Reginald Heber in India, and Pringle in South Africa, in their local poems. It may safely be predicted that no second Henry Kendall will, for a century at least, arise to fame in the oíd island continent, which lias withstood tho geologic shocks and change's which long since have metamorphosed the Southern Hemisphere and its rocks." C.ntuiNAL MACCABE has attracted much attention by his steady persistent denunciation of the outrages on life and property which have for some time back been practised in Ireland. When therefore the rumour was set afloat that he had notice of assassination from the Fenian organisation, and that lie had sought police protection, it was telegraphed even to Aus- tralia, and doubtless there were everywhere gobemouches who swallowed it without dif- ficulty. Soon after the Cardinal arrived in Dublin, an address of congratulation on his lately acquired dignity was presented to him. In replying thereto, his Eminence con- cludes as follows :-" Perhaps I might be allowed to say n word in reference to a very extraordinary report that I believe has obtained a very widespread circulation. It lus found its way into Gallanani, and may bo supposed to have been very widely spread, and w as to the effect that some persons hung crape on the knocker of the hall door of my house, and that I received a letter with the representation of a coffin. Now, I wish to give the report the mast complete contradiction. No SUCH thin.; ever occurred. As I said in a more formal answer since I returned home, I have received nothing but the most marked kindness from every class of the people of tho diocese, and, if need be, I would not have tho least fear of walking through tho streets of Dublin at any hour of the night. I think a mistake-well intended, no doubt-was made by the police authorities. I am deeply grateful for their kindness. I found on my arrival that I had the honour of being escorted by four de- tectives. I never had a very high opinion of my own character, but I never knew it was so bad bofore. One detective ought to be able to yatch me. For two or three days after I was followed by detectives ; but I must confess, while I feel deeply grateful-most thankful to the police authorities for their kindness, I felt deeply humiliated. First of all, I do not tlunk I require protection-I think I could more efficiently givo protection. If I were in danger, and anyone wished to take my wretched lue, as I have no control over it, I would not have the smallest difficulty in giving it back to God, if my life could bo of tho smallest advantage to my country. I sent tq the authorities to thank thom for their Kindness, but with an earnest request to with- draw the protection they had given mo. I was anxious to know if they know of anything not to m> advantage, so that if there was any inten- tion to assassinate mo I would make frequent acts of contrition, as wo nil require before poing into the presence of God. The answer aL e authorities vvos that they knew of no danger. Tliey withdrew the protection. That ivas three or four days ago, and you will all, I hope, bear testimony that I ara still living." A FRIGHTFUL double murder was perpetrated tim "1Fahan> "far Gort, county Galway, on nie afternoon of 8th June. Mr. Bourke, of «ahassane Tark, who for some timo past has wen under special protection, was returning Ä' accomPamcd by his bodyguard, a soldier ÄVV? tho Ro>'al Dragoon Guards, when cciiirt i, V-h ,wcrc ,firciLbvsomo Persons con Sia e »nC|-T, ? "51L Thc 8hota took in"n° »nuI hi« uard Up0n b°th Mr" Bourk9 »t"nöwto-dn011' ""'1CaVC8 forMarooonio direct WA,ThhnLYaterT.?olice Court yesterday, before V.ianï n0«' Es"l-. water police-magistrate, des rt(.VlBcUem.cy,Blcadcd guilty to having .« encíif,;on"i,tho ta«»S? Dora Ann, and was Innl1 labour w<>"ths' imprisonment with ter,hvhenn,lp"rCm-0 ?-ourt-, in Insolvency, yes aischSiJ^ application for a certificate of vas S,'" ^.J!'**» of Richard Hutchins, »rtific-SÄ- tlIl.Frld»y (to-morrow), and tho »va, ,Ä,,Uinß.m tho estate of Nils Nilson »Pl'lÄW ÎÎÎ1 thT? 10th instant' on th0 »cn led "ÏÏ t0i 5i,r- Focz- Jo,m Brodl° nt t oi M1 n''for"1i»y Passed his lost examina \T *i Vlvnno Wearing for tho insolvent, torda i«ftt,nB£°,f th? £otty Debts Court yes lock5,; ï^n C,oloncl Ross nnd Mr- J- H. borvimir.J,P-',í? ^defended case of Car pood, »ó ?0-- v- }Y' ° Nc". cla»» Mte. 7d., for »'Jl}'I'ln wWc» t,u> defendant had paid £1 rla'iiuiir'^^VE^yÇ^etwas given for the prother with 8s. Cd. professional costs. s plaintiff and Mr. ca,e ñi'W"'c, ",v "eicnaant.-In the defended I'M fL A PiT v- ,Tob Minchinton, claim £4 Wii'itM. Í, <,Ptent'on of a bird, in which Mr. for rho ,L. '^fendant, a vcrdiot was given ccts V'efendiuit, with 10s. Cd. professional l'on,;» / °A l)lc?' and 5s. witnesses' ox «¡n Öo^dlll"cs.Camphell and Sons sued Cnp rceov"r ti, mnster of the barque Dora Ann, to «* n TUm- of f8 7s' 3*. «'o value ¿f a "'»di lm l lT."1?"0'1 t0 tl,cm (plaintiffB), and »i r.H,, ,.,i aliiod "VO n>'bcforo t'10 vessel arrived '* an Sf; AI'-' PrioJ" ftPPearcd for the plain (1< fence s 1 L ,In>'n?, for tho defendant. Tho Wadra.. nïïîiM1l!,thftt' according to tho bill u-«e vv'"Cltl'cr «»o captain nor ownei-s of tho ,J(»cl àftnv »Trp.onsib,S, for leakage. Tho P^ea\3;(.M?nri"S ej-idenco on oitîicr sido, clWcd with cwts P 8 f01' th° nm0Uní 