? REVIEW OF THE QUARTER'S LESSONS. September 24.—Afteenoon. Golden Text, Luke iv. 32—"His word was with power." Introduction.—It was said of Jesus " Never man epake like this man" (John vii. 46). "He taught as one having authority" (Matt. vii. 29). "He was mighty in deed and word" (Luke xxiv. 19), and in our Golden Text, " His word was with power." If we look carefully over the quarter's lessons we shall find in them— I.—WORDS OF TENDERNESS. faj In the lesson " Christ and the Children*' are those endearing words " Suffer little children to come unto Me," etc. (Mark x. 14). What wonderful power and influence those words had upon the parents and children then surrounding Christ; and what power and influence they have exerted in all ages and countries upon children and the friends of children. This may well be called the children's Magna Charta. (b) In the lesson on " The Rich Young Man" (Mark x. 21) we are told that Jesus beheld and loved the young man, and we are therefore sure that the advice He gave him was in a spirit of love and tenderness—and yet powerful, for it showed liim wherein his own weakness lay. Alas! that he parted from Jesus in sadness and grief rather than give up the idol of his heart—his great possessions. (c) In the lesson on " Blind Bartimeus" what loving and tender words were uttered (Mark x. 46—52). " Go thy way, thy faith hath made thee whole;" and the power of the words was shown in the restoration of his eight. (d) In the lesson on"Prayer," etc. (Mark xi. 24-33) what an encouraging assurance to His disciples that believing prayer will obtain the blessings asked for! Well may the poet sing " His heart is made of tenderness," etc., etc. II.—-WOEDS OF REBUKE. (a) In the lesson on " Suffering and Service" (Mark x. 32-45) He rebuked the great selfishness and ambition of James and John, and taught them that the only way to|obtain honor and distinction was by disinterested service— that there was no glory without suffering, no happiness without trial—and instanced His own life as an example. (b) In the lesson on " The Wicked Husbandmen" (Mark xii. 1—12; the enmity and wickedness of the Jewish nation were admirably rebuked by that beautiful parable, and the power of the rebuke is shown in the twelfth verse. III.—WORDS OF AUTHORITY. (a) In the lesson on " The Triumphal Entry" (Mark xi. l—11) His word of command to the owner of the colt and to the bystanders was so powerful that beth acquiesed in the giving up of the animal for the use of the Saviour. (J) In the lesson on the " Fruitless Tree" (Mark xi. 12—23) the power of His word was shown in the effects produced on the tree; and in the temple next day to the buyers and sellers in a most marked manner. IV.—WORDS OF PRUDENCH. The zeal of the Saviour was great. He could say " The zeal of Thy house hath eaten me up," but nevertheless His prudence was calm and cool. He never " cast peark before swine." (a) In the lesson on the " Pharisees and Sadducees silenced" (Mark xii. 13—27) how carefully and quietly He answered the questions of the Herodians concerning the tribute money, so that they were baffled in their attempt to " catch Him in His words!" In the same careful and prudent way He answered the Sadducees on the doctrine of the resurrection so that tkey could not " entangle Him in His speech." (J) In the lesson on " Love to God and Man " (Mark xii. 28—34) He showed the same prudence and wisdom in the answer to the scribe respecting the commandments. The power of these prudent answers is seen in verse 17, " They marvelled at Him," and especially in verse 34, " No man after that durst ask Him any question." V.—WORDS OF PROPHECY. The prophets of the Old Testament" spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost," and generally prefixed their predictions with '" Thus saith the Lord." But Jesus foretold future events by his own power, for He is God. (а) In the. lesson on "Calamities Foretold" (Mark xiii.l—20) He foretells the terrible calamities which should come upon the Jewish natiou, end the fiery persecutions His disciples should be called to pass through. (б) In the lesson on " Watchfulness Eajoined" (Mark xiii. 21—37) He fortells the manner of His coming to judgment. VI.—WORDS OF WARNIKG. "Take heed, lest any man deceive you" (Mark xiii. 5). " Take heed to yourselves " (Mark xiii. 6). " Take ye heed" (verse 23). "Take ye heed, watch and pray" (verse 33). "Watch ye therefore" (verse 35), And "what I say unto you 1 6ay unto all, Watch" (verso 37). Note.—The power of all his words is emphatically declared in verse 31: " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but Mr word • en all sot pass aw at." Application.—(1) If the words of Jesus have such power and are so important, then ponder well Heb. ii. 1—3, and Heb. xii. 25. (2) Let our words be like Christ's, " full of grace and truth," and then they will have power over othere, " And with words that help and heal Let thy Ufa in mine reveal," K. LSWH 