CBBISTMAS NUMBER OF THE ADELAIDE OBSERVE t. The Christmas Number of the Observer will be an exceedingly interesting one. It will contain a Special Budget of Tales, Sketches, Biddies, Poetiy, &c.;, by English and Colonial Authors, which will be printed in a separate SUPPLEMENT OF SIXTEEN PAGES. Among the principal features will be an entertaining Tale by a local writer, entitled " CADENABBIA a Story of great interest by the eminent English Authoress, Frances Trollope, "DR. TODD'S CHRISTMAS GIFT;" numerous Stories, including "THE BIELYCAN OF GOLD," "THE SACRISTAN'S GRAND- DAUGHTER" (By Selwyn Eyre), "FACE AND FINGER STORIES FOR CHILDREN," "JONES'S MISSUS," "THE CHRISTMAS REEF;" besides Poetiy, Riddles, Chess, and many other features of interest. The Early Edition of the Observer will be published on FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, and the Late Edition on SATURDAY, DECEMBER 23. Orders for extra copies must reach this Office on the Tuesday preceding the days of publication. THEATRICAL AMENITIES. — Christmastide in Adelaide seems a disagreeable time among the dramatic profession. Last Christmas Miss Ada Ward and Mr. Allison were at loggerheads. This season Mr. Allison and his company, it would appear, have quarrelled. It is stated that the oompany having obtained counsel's advice propose to sue the lessee for breach of engagement. If it turns out that no engagement ever existed no breach, of course, can be proved. Absurd as this may seem it is quite a possible contingency. Actors and actresses have bills to pay and babies to feed like other people, but, unlike other people, they often neglect taking safe methods of fulfilling these natural obligations. In other words* they are satisfied with indefinite verbal promises or understandings. They will "take the Ghost's word for a thousand pounds," and fatuously neglect to obtain proper legal agreements. The manager of a theatrefinds that incoming "stars" prefer to bring their own people, or that the persons playing at his will pall on his public. Naturally he may desire to make a change, and it is not surprising if he .takes advantage of the indefinite understanding before referred to to secure a change. Thus we find, for instance, Mr. Allison announcing "Youth" for Christmas with Rignold and an entirely different company, and Sir. Flemming replying that the present company consider themselves engaged to the end of January or the middle of February next. It will be seen that" Mr. Flemming himself can fix no absolutely definite term for the engagement. This is one of many similar cases which have occurred even during the past two years. It is said that so certain were some members of the present company of their continuance in Adelaide that they paid forfeit to avoid engagements elsewhere. While members of the profession so circumstanced may be pitied, they may far more reasonably be blamed. The remedy is with themselves. Let actors and actresses throughout Australia agree that whatever the circumstances may be they will not act for any manager whattvur unless holding that manager's duly witnessed signature to a legally binding agreement. That is all; and with other persons that would form an invariable custom. It is only to call the attention of the profession tc. tlieir culpable neglect of so important a precaution that we notice tlie picce de circmst-anze now being presented, with Messrs. James Allison and Heibert Flemming as the principal perft'imcrs. 