CAULFIELD NOTES. By "Tue Worm." The weather during the past week has been very favourable for work; fine, cool mornings and showery nights have helped to keep the track in very fair order. The work, whidi has not been of a very interesting nature, generally commenced early. The following is a general summary Bince my iftst : — Coomete, having recovered from a dose of physic, bas been doing steady exercise. Toorak, accompanied by Cbivey Chase, a well- grown son of John Ball, bas been doing some varied work over three miles, commencing easy, improving the eecoud, and finishing with a strong mile ; both colts are going well. Timon has fallen away since the spring, hut he is doing steady work, with an occasional Spurt. On Monday bo went with Howe's Archie for 5 furlongs, the pair finishing close together, but I thiuk tbe two-year- old could have cleared out if required. Ho is a well- grnwn coti, and looks big and fit. Zanga lias been doing good usefnl work over Lunlles, which he negotiates iu grand style. Headsman is going along quietly, with some spurting, over a half mile with the youngsters. Old Stockbridge has lost most of his fat, and has also been striding along for half a mile. Queen Elizabeth and Zephyr are both on the big side, while Maudie is incliucd to be tbe opposite. They have been doing steady work. Liddingtoii.-Her Majesty and <'onuois?eur are going easy, the latter being a big useful- looking steeplechaser, but is a bit out of con dition and will require time. Flambeau has been sold to go up country, Colstoun and Zambesi have been doing good exercise over a mile aud a half, aud are both going well. Pilgrim is doing long work, but he has more than once taken his rider by surprise and gone a ronud or two at au improved pace 00 his own account. Calma and Chuckster have done some good striding work together, aud both show a lot of improvement. Dueuna aud St. Lawreuco have been treated to a smart spinortwooverfive furlongs. They are both in grand health. Dhurringhile aud Discount have done some useful preparation over two miles, varied with loug steady exercise. The Yatteudon— Maudragora colt and Self Will have been put through plenty of steady exercise, with au occasional spurt home the last half mile. Hoidee of the Hills and Merry Fenella have done good work over five furlongs, both shapiug well- King's Son has beeo travelling over the same distance io good style. This colt is comiug on well. Don Pedro, looking big and healthy, has doue a lot of long, steady work. Loiterer is doing steady exercise. Sir Joseph pulled up very lame on Monday morniug, apparently badly strained about the hind quarters somewhere. Welcome Jack is doing long, steady w-ork. Bavaria and the Maribyruong-Habena colt are doing nice cantering exercise, with now and again a flutter for half a mile. They are looking fresh aud well. Abdallah, Transferred and old Monitor are looking and going the best of Jones' lot. soreness iu front. Abdallah has been doing good striding work, and looks big and well. Transferred is making ft move on tbe im proving side, and has been kept at long, steady cautering, with an occasional smart run home the last five or six furlongs. Monitor has beeu doing useful work, and is looking and goiug pretty well just now. Amelia, Victoria, Kambrook, Rory and Frou Frou are all going along nicely. 'They have been treated to tbe usual couple of steady founds, witb about two or three spins over half a mile or so. Liberator is going very well, and ha done sorao useful work with K?d Rover aod Pollio. The former is a bit on tbe light side, but other wise healthy and well. The Ghost has been doing some cantering and spurting. Mstasdor nnd Derelin have not put in an ap pearance since Hsmiltin. DiligeDt did good long woik previous to his Kensiugton performances, since which he has been taking It eftsy. FLsh has improved a good deal 6iuce he won in tbe Findon Harriers Gup in October. He bas been dcing long medium work with an occa- stocw scrKifag over iwo taue. Doctor is doing plenty of work. I thought when I first saw him, be" was a little tender on his pins ; but it wears off as he warms to his work. Tamworth bas been striding along for a mile and a quarter, with Maid of the Vale, the pair going freely. Placid has been treated to some cantering and spurting. For the different events to be derided on Boxing-Day toe following are my selections from the lot working here For" the Hurdle Race I like Discount or Pilgrim, and Monitor next best, in the Christmas Handicap, Col stoun is not harshly treated with 6st. 1 lib— I would take him or headsman. Tbe Malvern Handicap— 1 thick Transferred should ran well, and next to him Haidee of the Hills The Steeplechase.— Fish, with 9st. 121b., ought to ne in it up to us necx. Amongst tbe two.year-old9.of which there are about a dozen in work here, I like next to St. Lawrence and Dnenna (two good performers and both very well), Archie and King's Son. 