MABSIE. A wholesome dread of prolixity, tgmpered by d not unnatural desire to secure my read ers' immediate and undivided attention, im pels me to speak out like a man, and confess, without farther reserve or: circumlocution,; that this veracious chronicle is neither more nor less than theorecord of as pretty a' little, love-affair as ever drew sigh from sympathetic bosom; Now, the most interesting person ago in a love-story is, beyond all controversy, its heroine.' And the first duty incumbent upon the narrator of such a story is'that of describing his heroine in the most glowing languago his pen can command. Well, smy heroine's name is Mlabsie. And, asa facetious young lady once informed the select but lim ited social circle in which I have the honour .to revolve, Mabsio is " lha short for MIab." hllis last announce/mnt may seem trivial to tie unobservant, but it is not so ; for it gives me the opportunity of explaining that mypretty MIabsie was really named after the famous little potentate whose coachman was " a small gray-coated gnat." And why not ? No fairy that ever danced in the moonlight, in the good old times when fairies were as plentiful as blackberries, was half so lithe, or half so volatile, or half so delicately fashioned as she. Moreover, the circumstances under which she first became " one of us" were, to say the least of it, unusual, if not exactly romantic; thougsh the scene of their enact ment was just. an ordinary matter-of-fact apartment in the Alexandra Hotel. To my temporary'home in that most pleas ant of metropolitan hostelries I returned, one evening last summer, after a hard day's work in thereading-room of the British Museum, very tired, very much bored by the perusal of a hcap of grimy old MSS., and firmly con vinced that the operation of dining could no longer be postponed without grave dereliction of a very grave duty. Determined toperform that duty to the best of my ability, I knocked at the door of an adjoining chamber; des cribed my condition to a member of my family who seemed to me to be tossing the furniture of her room from side to side with reckless impetuosity ; and paused for a reply.' I received one, immediate, terse, and uttered ,in a tone of unwonted excitement. " Come in, quick I and shut the door." 'I obeyed, of course; and, seeing three chairs and a towl-horse touned upside down'in'bthe uiddledof thl roomirepamrcdto'restoreothems to their normal position: whereupon, a gray, brown,'fiuffy object, with a long, gray, flulffy tail, dashed past me, like a comet, andvanished behind.the wardrobe,. "What, in the name of wonder, is that? I asked; not a little startled by-the apparition and very. much astonished at the suddenness of its disappearance. " That is Mlabsie,' said the member of my family. "Do you think you could catch her 2" I thought I could; andeassayed to move the wardrobe, whlich, however, proved to be so in Conveniently heavy that I reconsidered the matter, and rang for the waiting-maid, who declined to interfere, on the ground that she was " frightened to death of the parrot." The " parrot," indeed I Truly it is high time that board schools were established everywhere. Scorning the aid of so ignorant a domestic, I gave another tug at the ponderous structure and succeeded, aftermuch painful travail, in moving it nearly half a quarter of an inch from the wall; when, straightway, the fluffy mass darted over my lead, looked down upon moe with well-bred curiosity *from the. top of the bedstead, sat for a moment on the handle of the water jug, knocked over a candlestick, and finally settled itself conmfortably on the mantelpiece. Blessing Fate for my opport unity-for Ihave already hinted that I was famishing-I now made a grab at the furry meteor; and was rewarded for my pains with a volley of abusive language which would have left Mark Twain's blue jays nowhere. As suredly, Miss blabsie's education had not stopped short at the " rudiments" of invect The step froeif the mantelpiece to the ;vin dow-frame being a more trifle of soioe ten or twelve feet, or thereabouts, Iabsio accomp lished it at a single bound; and, seated on a convenientoross-bar, watched the movements of the carriages in Hyde Park with manifest interest. Then I bethought me of diplomacy. My friend's open cage stood on a table close by.' I gently moved it to the window, and, while she was engaged in criticising the dress of a severely mesthleti young lady who occupied the seat of honour in a baroucho on the opposite side of theroad, my cautious relative and I succeeded in quietly elbowing her into her normal habitation. I now, for the first time, had an opportunity of observing this remarkable young person at my leisure; and, truly, I no longer marvelled at hier evident disapproval of her usthetio sister's habiliments. Her eown garments were conceived in irreproachable taste, and the form they clothed was perfect. Imagine a littlebody, about as large as that of a fine full grown squirrel, covered with soft fur, in which a thousand tints of gray and black and orange are so.cunningly intermingled with each other that it is impossible to describe the resulting oolour by any generic term. Imagine a wee face, like that of a dear little old lady, who has seen much sorrow, but borne it so bravely that it has in no wise dimmed the flash of her bright brown oyes, though the expression, of certain sad lines around'her pretty' mouth is too pathetic to be misunderstood. Imagine in the middle of this little lady's forelead, a anowwvhite patch, like the batnreaun of a Sister of Charity ; and, on either side ofdler head, a rich black plume, so light that it looks as if a breath would servo to disperse it into infinite space. Finally, imagine, in place of the little lady's hands, two delicate brown paws; in place of her higlh.heeled shoes, two well-formed feet, strong enough to hang by head down wards should occasion render such a proceed ing desirable, or to' sit'upon, or to leap withal over a grand pianoforte, or a Japanese screen, or any other reasonable obstacle you choose to place in their way; in lieu ofther train, pict ure to yourself a tail, longer than' that appertaining to the grandest chat in the chat eau of the Marquis do Cambas, gray at one season of the year, and, at another, marked with alternate rings of black and 'cinnamon. Imagine all this, Isny, and you will be able to form a teolerably correct idea of tufabsio's personal appearance; and will probably be propared to hear that she is a marmoset-not of the common kind usually sold in bird-shops but of a arer, more delicate, and more easily tameablh species, remarkable for the grace of its movements, the gentleness of its disposit. ion, and the modest propriety of its demean. our.(when not provoked to put the blue jays to shame by. the vailince of its eoxora.: stions). Mabsie did not in the least mind being looked at. -fI think sho'rather liked it. When I offered her a 'piece'of cake, she put her right hand'out of the cage and took it, wivh the air of one who was not only privileged to. expect polite attention; but reallydid expet it. And she ate her little morsel as delicately as the' Iesthetio young:lady would have eaten an ice. wafer at a garden party.' There can be no doubt th.thatthat ite of cake cemented our friendship, for good -and all; for we have never, since I offered it to her, had a dispute upon any subject whatever. Indeed; the look I she gave me was as good as a bond of truce; f sealed, signed, and delivered. ' So Mabsie became "one of us."'' And we took her down to our quiet] country]home, re. joicing in the possession of so 'delightful an addition to our family circle. 'Albeit; I regret to saythat herceception by-certain members of that namiable. confraternity was ndot-:al: together such as we could have desired. The truth is, wo-that is to say the member of my family to whom I have more than once had occasion to allude and myself-live underl a zoieraoy. And among the zoeorato are cer. tain dignitaries, who, not having been. con sulted on this matter, took grievous offence at the want of proper respect shown to them by theirinferiors. Miss Topsy, a black-and tan toy terrier of exalted lineage, and such very-exalted- indeed ideas of helr own sovereign rights that a sarcastic friend of mine calls her "fthe home-ruler"-Mhiss Topsy, the beloved,. the petted, the spoiled, would not so much as look at our now, friend. Mistress Chloe,' a princess of the Pug dynasty, did indeed con descend to lookl, and even to sniff; but evi dently with no more friendly 'intention than that of discovering whether or not the mass of fluff was good for food. As for Mr. Rollo, I seeing that ho would have found no difficulty whatever.in svallowing such a dinner, cage and all, at a gulp, I thought it prudent to say nothing to him about'the matter; hoping that in process of time it might be possible to strike out somoline of policy equally agreeable to all parties. " M?Meanwhilo, thinking that Mabsio's limbs looked cramped'after her long journey, I: took t her into the dining-room, and set her free, for a run. A grey-black-and-orange flash darted instantly from the cage door to the window curtain. At the same moment, i .black-and. tan flash darted from under my chair.. By dint t of superhuman alacrity, for which I am not generallyremarkable,I succeeded in hooking my finger into the collar of the last-named flash, for-say half a second. By the time c that half-second had expired, Mabsie was safe on the eurtian-pole, looking down upon' the E world below, with her head on one side,as who should say, 'Dear friend, you really must run faster, if you donot want to lose sight of the i tip of my tail in the distance.' Whereupon, Miss Topsy confessed herself fairly vanquished, I the internecine feud came to an end; and all parties agreed to dwell together in peace and r unity. - SLike most spoiled beauties, Mabsie soon e began to show signs of a temper delightfully capricious. One day, wheen a lady (to whom I had imprudently described her as a paragon of affability) camo to see her, she refused to put as much as the tip of her nose out of bed s until her visitor had departed, when she i immediately exhibited herself at her best-. '(that-is to say; shoeato up a whole banana,-anid Store my favorite pen-wiper to shreds. She will sometimes remain inert all day, and rush I about her cage in the evening like a mad thing or be as lively as a squirrel in the morning, and. retire to rest at noon, to reappear no more until noon the next day. Her claim to s the sovereignty of the curtain-pole remaining undisputed,' she delights in perching herself on its exact centre, and summoning all the other marmosets in. the world to her Court, by means of a cry,.which we at first mistook for u a whistle,, though subsequent observation proved it to proceed directly from the lungs. SThis cry is very remarkable. Though miles above the range of ordinary soprano voices, it Sis a true "chest-note." A great musician 3 Herr Wagner, for instance-would describe it u as the five-times-markedU, the pitch of which is an octavo higher than that of the highest G on the pianoforte I The 'note is always the same, and always 'repeated four times. a Then follows a pause of a minute, or there s abouts; then anothler fourfold cry, followed by another pause, and so on, throughout an i entire afternoon. I am not superstitious. It f taxes my credulity to believe that two and two a make.four. But I do believe that this cry is Masonic, and intelligible only to marmosets of s high intellectual culture; and I lived for a long time in daily hope of hearing some Past s Master of the Higher Initiation reply to it. y Wiser than some of her human sisters, a Mabsio never sings out of tune. When she 'o is "not in good voice" she holds her peace. \- She hold her peace so long last winter that it we began to fear that she must be seriously t- out1ofhealth. So I wrote to an-experienced keeper at the Zoological Gardens, and en . treated him to prescribe for her. He prescribed r sponge-cakes steeped in cream, and hot \- house grapes. BDy dint of perseverance we a succeeded, at that untimely season, in getting s a very few grapes, at the rate of threepence t eah ; and of these, she condescended just to taste aneor two of the best. The cakes and o ereafm were more successful, and have ever sincoremained her favourite food. She likes a a grape occasionally; bfit, if disturbed whlile 1 eating it, droops it instantly, and noever stoops E to pick it up. " We thought, at first, that this was because she did not really care for the a fruit; but may not the habit be traced to a still more natural causoe? A banana, dropped Ein the forest, fails twenty feet at a stretch; t and it would scarcely be worth while to run I down after it, with a dozefi bunches of ripe fruit-hanging witfiin reach. When Habslo s drops a grape, she does not stay to calculate Sthe distance it as fallen, but leaves it to its fate, and holds out her hand for another. Still, there are troubles which neithergrapes nor bananas, nor even cakes and cream can curd. And, before very long, it became so evident that our poor little Mabsie lacked somiething, that woe grow quite uneasy about her. At last, it dawned upon our minds that that something might possibly be a mate. To put the question to the test, we showed her a looking-glass; and her attempts to caress her own reflbetion within it were so piteously touching, that we determined to seek a suit able companion fof her the very next time we found ourselves in London. Alas I there was not even a mnargoset of the common white whiskered species exposed for sale in any shop we visited. In this sore strait, tile friendly keeper suggested a visit to "Jamrach's;" where he told me I was quite " asure tO get my money's worth for my money." So, I wended' my way to the far East-not on the hump of a camel, but on the knife-board of a Blaokwall omnibus-and, in due time, found myself in thle famous naturalist's menagerie, whero I saw all manner of boasts, furred, feathered, shelled, and scaled'; but, not so much as the ghost of a pencil-eared marnmoset. So I was fain to content myself with a promise of the earliestinteiligcncooftan expected consignment. Meanwhile, well hnowing that no vulgar animal was over permitted to set foot withinl the sacred precincts of Mr. Jamrach's vivariumn I intimated my intense desire to make acquain ance with some of its inmates ; whereupon I ewas politely introduced to a blue-bird, a lios, ; an ocolot, a lama, a nongoose, a moclking Sbird, a tiger, a nonpareil, a bonnet-nlonkey, a laughing-jackass, a dorsal squirrel, and a jer boa., It seems invidious to descend to particulars in describing a company so truely select. Yet thire:aro distinctions, even among the crds sde o crdec of tie very best society; and I had not been ilong in the presence of these distinguished representatives of the haute nloblesse, before I found that my ability to re sist their seductions extended only to the first ten members of the august fraternity. To the charms of the remaining two I succumbed thero and then. The jerboa was simply irre sistible, with its pretty hare-like face, its great blackeoyes as round as marbles, its dainty little stilts, and tie black.and-white tuft, like a bundle of silk, at the end of its long lithe tail. And the dorsal squirrel ? Well, its back was covered with soft black velvet, of a rich ness quite unapproachable in these degenerate days, though our great-great-grandmothers mayperhapohavoworn somethingmoroworthy to be compared with it. Its sides were of orange-coloured satin; and in place of a tall it waved above its back a glorious ostrich-fea ther, tinted with black and grey and richest tawny red,in infinite gradations which would have defied the pencil olJ. M; W. Turnerhim self. Yes; to these two cunning enchanters I lost my heart on the spot; and, impatient to effect their ransom, I caused them to be sent that very day, to my room at the Alexandra, where, in due time, I retired to rest, with a cago at each end of my bed. I dreamed thata regiment of. Sappers and Miners from the Knightsbridge Barracka was sawing the house to pieces. Pardon me, O bravo Life Guards, if you can. :There is no limit to the foolishness:of dreams. Being only a lodger, I did not feel myself called upon to interfere, until the noise of some hundred and fifty handsaws was suddenly succeeded by a dead silence. Then I awoke, in some con fusion of mind; and, by the glimmer of my nightlight, beheld a million jerboas skipping about the room in every conceivable direction, Such a multitude of living creatures I never saw before; not even in the beo-hive. How ever, on lighting my candle, I found that I had made a trifling mistake. There was only one jerboa. Blit that one possessed the power of jumping in a million different directions, and staring at me from a million different points of view, at one and the same moment. His movements were so noiseless, and his long springs so inconceivably rapid, that the effect they produced was that of a flickering shadow weaving its network from end to end of the room in chequered lines which crossed and recrossed each other so swiftly that it made one's head feel quite dizzy to watch them. Common sense assured me that five minutes of such exercise as that would suffico to tire out the noblest-born .jerboa that over traced back its descent to the days of Pharaoh Nleso; so I sat down. on the side of my bed, and quietly awaited results. After the lapse of three-quarters of an hour, my faith in common sense began to waver. Twenty minutes later I found it desirable to reject all evidence save that based upon experience ; and, as the re sult I had awaited seemed as. far distant as ever, I endeavoured to propitiate my good fortune by overt nets of interference with the natural course of events. I threw down a piece of cake-some bread-a handful of Indian corn. But my enchantments were in vain. I might as well have offered a slice of cold bacon to Brillat-Savarin. Having pro vided all manner of meats for the entertain moent of my guests, I-was enabled to try the effect of a cabbage- leaf. After taking just one bite at this in passing,, my friend jumped straight into thefender. I did the same; and surprised him so much by my unwonted agility, that h sted still" to Ts-reiatm--e-7. This little act of indiscretion lost him the game. I caught hiim, point blank, and, his - own cage being bitten through and through, J put him into that belonging to tie Dorsal Squirrel. Quite undisturbed by this summary proceeding, he instantly began to devour every scrap of food ihe found in the house, to the infinite disgust of its lawful occupant, who cursed him by his gods in tones quite awful to listen to. It is needless to say that this distressing exhibition of profanity was completely thrown away. Unmoved by the muttered oaths of his irascible neighbour, the bold Egyptian followed up his attack upon the food by proceeding to demolish tihe cage The one task was, clearly, quite as easy to him as the other, and his determination to makoshort work of it was so strongly pro nounced, that I at once recognised the neces sity of keeping avwake all night. It would have been a weary watch for me, had it not been so inexpressibly amusing. But, to my infinite delight, at the first blush of dawn, my tormentor fell fast asleep-and so did I. The next day being Sunday, the impossibility of procuring a stronger cage impressed mo with a feeling very nearly akin to dismay. To wards-eventiid, however, the hotel porter, to . whom I had contided my trouble, was visited with an inspiration. He brought me a huge wire rat-trap, strong enough to have satisfied the gaolers of Potiphar himself; and this, co?ftortably padded with tow, formed a con venient liabitation from which the compatriot of the Pharaohs could in no wise effect his escape. So, that night, I slept in peace, sett ing all the Sappers and Miners in the world at defiance. aTwo days later, I received notice of a small consignment of marmosets, among which I was fortunate enough to find :a Puck who seemed to me ireally worthy of our pretty Mabsie. I I were only just the least little Sbit in the world sentimental-wliolc I am not -I would try to describe the first meeting of the gentle lovers. But, since experience has taught me over. and over again, that my _ien is unequal to the task of depicting anything at all connected with tihe rise and progress of the tender passion, all I can say is, that the interview was most touching, and the success of our matchmaking experiment unbounded The transports-of the honoymoon subsided, in process of time, into a quiet sort of Darby and-Joan affection, exceeding beautiful to be hold; and the happy pair are sitting, at this moment, clo by nido upon teu our-toii polo nodding their heads at ach other with a grave dignity quite undisturbed by the gambols of the jerboa beneath them, and scarcely rulled even by the periodical visits of the dorsal squirrel, who runs up, every five minutes or so, to inquire how they find themselves. I am not quite sure that I have ever seen a fast young couple of the human species behave so courteously in the presence of a troublesome visitor; though I make no doubt that, our grandfathers and grandmothers were every whit as graceful and as dignfied. Wcll I I al fond of dig nity myself, and I confess that iy sympathiies are entirely on the side of our venerable pro genitors, and on that of the two tiny creatures who so prettily remind me of them, and who are conversing together, as I write, with such ineffable politeness, that I protest I fecl quite ashamed of the roughness of my poor human manners. Per Jovnens labsio is putting up her cheek to be patted; and Puck is act unally patting it I iMay they live happily to gether for ever after I w.s. nocsTnao. 