novelist. GRIT.' A Story of tho past and present; of ordi nary man and ordinary things, In ordi nary language, BY DONALD CAHERON. xurooa or " m tub folds-of rns sebteht," " BlLVBSWATBB HSSD," ZTO. "Be Sure thy Bin will find thee out." .". It is a beautiful belief: v That over round our bead Are hovering, on angol wings, . Tho spirits of tuo dead. CHAPTER LXTV.— (Continued). \- Ho know that under any oireumstancos ho could not livo an hour. Tho drain had been too great. Ho remembered, too, tho calcula tions hp had mado when ho contrived ' tho , -hellish plot to immuro Jack alivo in that very mine, -how long a man could breatha in a . lovol when it was seated up. Thcro was a certain quantity of life-giving oxygen in a givan space; whon that was exhausted : the man mast dia a1 horriblo heath. And when his mind had calmed down a littlo, ho could perceive that'tho'air was already thiok, and , impregnated with carbonic acid gas.' It scorned to give no lifo. 0, for ono breath of thapuro and glorious element whioh ho had . breathed' snoh a Bhort timo since. Ho ro- ' momborod how how keen and braoing it was ; how it seemed to infuse fresh lifo and energy into tho organisation. . ' As a man in a dreary dosort of- sand pants for the running' brook, so did this wretched being long for one breath of the air of heaven — the air that blew over \- > the green fields. - But it camo not ; in its placo woro those " blasts of hell," that only dis-, .tressed and suffocated. " Ordinary beings would,' when placed in such a position, have tried to ropontior tho misdeeds, of thoir. lifo, and proparo for tho . great ehange. But Obadiah scorned theso feelings. Whon he' comprehended that thera was no prospect of escape— that death Was inevitable— his soul became filled with ono \- desire — to bo revenged; ori Bnigglo Sniokors. ' _ Ho endurcd tho torments of perdition when he thought of tho manner in whioh this man conid escapo punishment ; how ho could hold tho shares and become wealthier. than over ho was- Tho man absolutely gnashed hiri'teoth when ho thought of the triumph of Jack, tho Bcourity of Hector. Hell itself could not have suoh torment in store as this. Tho " bodily pain ho suffered wits a drop in the ocean to this mental agony and unnatural hato. But Obadiah was fertllo in expedients. Ho bethought him -that ho had in his pooket somo tablets, whioh ho had brought' with him to toko notes of tho work down in' the mine, and ho had; too, a box of matches UBed to \- light his olgars. Trying his hands ho found 1 that tho right was not so injured |>at that ho oonld movo tho wrist about a little. He first folt for tho matches, and alter great trouble, for he was becoming very weak, ho lit ono. What a thrill of pleasure flashed through hiB \- frame whon tho.matoh diffused its weak radi ance. Ho then saw that bo mnst have been hnrled along by. tho explosion into tho very . end where Smokers and ho bad been ex amining tho reef. AH around tho evidences of tho torriblo convulsion woro strmvn, and a glance sufficed to show him that days must elapso boforo tho minors could, reaoh him. \- There was no orossout suoh as had saved Jack's lifo. . Bnt ho soon Baw tha rapidly as . ho was sinking, exhaustion would not bo tho oauso of his death. Tho huge blocks of \- stono had completely blocked: up the level, . and tho wator was rising rapidly. Ho could . - not movo ; so tho fatal stream would Boon riso around him. It was already up to his kneos, although ho had not folt it. His coward heart was again dismayed at this, and ho .... would have rolapsed into a stato of helpless terror woro it not that be was norved by.tho.! torriblo, desire to wreak vongeanco upon his . murderer. Betting the box of matolics on flro . ; ho laid down tho tablets on a picco of rook , and began to write disjointly and priinfully. \- But as ho wrote on, describing tho whole of tho oocurrcnco, liis'fqco lit np with a fiendish glow that mado it appear awtnl in tho fitful glare of tho burning matches, whioh served only to shot? tho hideous gloom of tho vault. : ' Evon In that momont! as ho wroto with groat drops ot agony upon his brow, for tho work of writing pained him terribly, nothing but his devilish will coidd havo forced the maimed \- hand to write; ho saw tho tableau of his zovengo, his livid corpsa confronting tho mur- v doror, tho magiBtrato reading tho tablets, ,tho arrest, tho condemned cell, tho drop, and Bnigglo Snickors hanging between heaven and earth; his vengcanrio (all and complcto. -It almost reconciled him to death. .Ha could writo no more. The matches . woro nearly burned out, and tho energy was dying within him. . Yet, so sclf-possosscd was ho, so strung ap by his rabid desira for rovengo, that ho placed tho tablots .in tho inner pocket of bis vest, so that tho water \- which would llo around 1pm would not affcat -them. And thon ho prepared for death, a lingering, torriblo death; but after all it- was not' a painful ono. For although ha mado pno or two struggles to ralso his head above tho water, nature was so fairly worn out, ho bad . lost so much blood, that ho could not even movo. A few straggles, ono or two feeblo efforts, 'and Obadiah Swcotcomfort lay- a stiffening corpso in tho eold pool, surrounded by darkness and silenco. CHAPTER LXV. Hector Maoinnis had sat down alter making a Bpccch, which ha felt was a failure. The opposition, whiohhad been growing in strength, had attacked him upon somo appointments ho had mada at Grit. Old M'Calvin, alter a long absenco from tho House, had scented tho battlo afar off, and seeing his opportunity had attended that night. Bitting opposite, in his white vest and black clothes, with the ever fragrant bouquet 'in his coat, ho had listened with a oynical smite to tho attempts of Hector's party to explain away tho"littla transactions;" yet ha novcr moved until after Heotor had re plied. Then tho old man gat on his legs, took a glass of water, looked behind him at his supporters, who ohccrcd lustily, and then glanced fiercely on his enemy, who hod thrust his hat over his eyes when he set down, and was moodily watching theso demonstrations. Then tho old man opened out. ' Sentence after scntonca flowed from him— cutting, cruel, slashing. Ho analysed tho charges and the defence, and closed with a fow words so telling that when hcrsat down tho House cheered for several minutes. Ono of tho frothy orators, who woro tho curse of Hector's party, roso to reply. Just then a messenger came up to Hector, nnd cringingly informed bim that a lady was waiting to sea bim. Her namo was Miss White. Hector 'started. Was this girl alter all coming to him ot her own accord? Perhaps sho was in want, and appealed to him as a last resource. "Bha was very pressing, sir," said tho messenger, "and said 11 I mentioned tho namo it would bo cnoagh. Btao looked so poor I wouldn't havo noticed her only for that." "Show her into my private room," was tho reply ; and rising up Hector wont out. Ho pondered in liis own mind about this strange visitation. WcU, oiler all, thought Heotor, if ho could obtain Bertha for whom ho felt his old passion rising, ho could solaco himself in retirement for a while, forgetting his political troubles. Ho knew tho end of lite power was at hand. Motioning tho messenger away, ha walked inside. Thcro was a femalo In tho room— but sho was not Bertha White. Hector gave a. glance at her. lite face became crimson, his head grow dizzy, ho reeled liko a drunken man. Ho had to lean against tbo door for support. " Ay, you may well stagger," oaid Prudence — for it was she. " You thought so sea Bertha, the girl you aro so fond of, and you she Pru dence, tho woman you have wronged and aU but murdered." "Great God I" cried Hector, putting lite, hand to bis brow, "I am sorely dreaming. Tho excitement is too great for mo." " Yon woro never mora in your senses," was tho cold answer, as sho gloated over tho terror and contusion of tho man. "I am Piadonco — no ghost, I can assure you." "But, but," said Heotor, faintly, "you woro reported dead— your body was found." " Stuff," aid tho woman, " I escaped out of tho asylum and tho blundoririg'policeman1 took another's corpse for mine. I hope to livo yet to rovengo myseli.. 'I havo kept out of your road until now, because I had no opportunity How patiently I waited to aeo if, you would marry Bertha that I might havo you arrested and tried as a common folon. Bnt that did not tnko placo, so I have had to wait— and my timo has como at last.',' Heotor sank into a chair, and put his hands over his oyesr-trying to shut out tho horriblo figure that had stepped between him and honor and happiness. At last ho spoke. . "PrUdonco there werowrongS on both sides:' Ask'wliat you like, I wiU givo it, to you." But dia ha speak .this from any. wish to mako ' reparation to this woman for tho ill ho haddono?, Not hoi His desiro was simply to givo her tlio means of freely indulging in tho poison which ho know would soon put an end to hor lifo and rid him of her for aver. " Boforo I say another word Tmust havo a cheque for £1000," said Pruderiob, gravely seating, herself in an elogant chair which seemed polluted by her rags. Hector roBo, and, reaching for a eliequo book, wroto out tho ahequo. Bho glanced at it with rapture. . . . : " WoU, that is right," said sha with a cold laugh. " I wonder if theso laokoys who pushed mo about and seemed to think I wasn't fit for a kcnnol rirould usa ma ill if thoy know. I had this. "Wealth commands attention, docs it I1UI>| JAVUtUl-.f Ho groaned. _ . _ " How that fellow, who went to yon with tho message, stared when I Baid I' must see the Honorablo Hector. A beggar, said ho to him self, no doubt." ' ' " You havo got what yon ' want," said Hector, somo of his old firo returning; " leave mo in pcaoo for a while. ' ''' ".That I will,", replied Prudence, fixing upon him a look of cold hato;' "bat not until I do yon a service. Everything considered- you ! iavo behaved handsomely; so I'll tell you'somo haws. Bunakam is dead I" ' A gleam of suhshino camo into Hector's faco. Thank God, ono of his tormentors was gone— tho ono, indeed tho only ono being ho feared. "You're happy to hoar that," said Pru- donce ; " but don't bo too fast. Boforo he dicdbo had his son Jaok at his bedrido, and ho mado a full nnd open oonfession." Hector started up. His faco bccomo dis torted, his eyes started out of their sockets. Boizing Prudcnco by tho hand ho spoko in a konrso whisper: "Confessed! What? For God's sako tell mo." Coldly, find with almost diabolical concise ness, tbowoman repeated Bunakum's oonfes- sion. Word alter word fell upon Hectors 'cars liko boiling lead. . His fate was scaled. Tho woman aould not bo telling lies No being on earth knew what had transpired except Bunakum. ' "Loavo mo. Prudence," Baid the man, in an unearthly voice. "Loavo mo, if you valuo your lite." Tho fearful tono of his voico had all tho old power in it. The woman started back ap palled, and walked out of tho room, clutching thocbcquo. Bho had hardly gone, whon a mcssongor knooked at the door. " Comb in," said Heotor. " Division, sir," said tho messenger. " I will bo tliore prcsontly." \- Tlio division took placo ; but Heotor Mao innis did not tronblo tbo tellors. It was in liis party's favor; but tlio majority was so slonaer that when tho result was announced tho Opposition aheered heartily. Thoy saw tbo day for possession of tho plunder was not far distant. , CHAPTER LXVL Hector walked out of tbo Parliament Heusointo thoresorvo. ,Tho night was still and beautiful. Tho stays shono brightly in tho deep bluo heavens. The' air was cool and re freshing.' Ab ho passed into tho Fitzroy Gardens the whisporing of tho trees woko him up from tho tranco into whioh ho had fallen. . Arrived on tho heights ho looked down upon tho city whioh it had been_hte ambition to govern. Tho lights sparkled everywhere— tho hum of Bourko-streot reached his ears subdued into a ,' gontlo murmur, tlio rumbling of tbo trains nlono breaking the shall. IIo sighodliorivily. ' ; t" ' ... ;"It is all pvor," Bifid ho, as ho leaned figaiiist tho cold iron' railing. " It is all ovor. neither fame, honor, nor pcaoo left." Ono longing gaze, and -then ho sought tho splendid mansion whero ho had taken np lite abode. Ho walked into his library. Thcro wcro all tho books which ho bad gathorod to gether, and which wcro to him tho greatest of friends. Ha turned them over ono after the other, fondly glancing at tho. familiar titlo pages. Alter a white ho turned away with a start, tho bloodhounds might now be on his track. Ho went hurriedly to one of the drawers, and unlocking it, took out a small phial. Hector Maoinnis looked around him. What bitter feelings wcro in his heart then 1 Ho coald see, plain as tho day, tho diro mistakes that bo had mado.. gratifying his passions at tho expenso of his peace. Oh, if ho had kept free from, sin, what a brilliant lifo would his bo now I "Bo snro thy sin will find thco out 1" But what folly this was I What avail was regret now ? Ho could trace, step by step, the mistakes ho had made Ho coufd seo how ho could have avoided this fato ; but would that help now? Not Reaching a glass ha poured oat a fow drops of tho liquid in tho phis! ; and then, tailing a scat in tho luxurious reading chair, lia swal lowed the potion. For" a whilo ho gazed on tho pioturcs on tho opposita wall; then a deep slumber camo over him. ' llo made un availing efforts to keep awake, to rcalisa liis position; but sloop, tho last sleep of death, camo upon him, and ho passed away gcutlo as a child. 1 CHAPTER LXYU. Jaak was quietly breakfasting at a littlo hotel where ho had taken up lite quarters. He was anxious to seo tho papers ; but an aged and nmiabla individual bad taken unto liim- sclf tho only morning journal subscribed for by tbff host, and it was not until ho readit to tho very lost advertisement, that Jack could get it. Nor did tho old man mako tho slightest discovery of its contents, although thcro was sufficient in tho paper to mako a frozen man speak. No, ho would not do that much to plcaso his fellows. A glance BUlfieed to appriso Jack of tbo awful evont of th6 last night. Ho . saw that by soma means Hcc.tor bad learned that Bunakam bad mada a confession, and that ha had resolved to forestall vengcanoc- At first Jaek could not imagina haw tho infor mation had been conveyed to him; but ho presently remembered tho absenco of Prudcnco, and at onco conjectured wbat had occurred. Tho newspapers set down tho extraordinary qvent, for tbo fact that poison had been taken, was carefully concealed, to thefact that Hector had seen ho wonld lose his position in n short timo, and be relegated to private lifo ; and this had preyed so much upon him that it had brought on a bovcto attack of heart disease, from which lio had for years been Buffering. This, of course, did riot satisfy tbo general publio; and thoy invented namorona talcs to account for Hector's sudden dcatb, which, no doubt, will go down to their children, and assumo the shapa ot portentous legends. _ . ; Alter Jack had fixed Bertha comfortably in a littlo placo at Emerald Hill, ho returned to Grit, to begin tho labor of lifo again, hoping' Fato woald bo kind to him onco more. After the terrible events of tho past few days, and tho death of aU Iris enemies, Jaok felt certain that a brighter fatnra was in store. .' CHAPTER LXVHI. At lest tho glimmering dawn Upon tbo eastern vorg'o oppgnrs. And after night tho mom . Beams on us with its smiles and tears.: Tho shadows of the night Fado in tho radtenco of tlio day ; . And lifo again is bright With joy that shall not fado away. .. Night on Grit! Night Btill and solemn, veiling in her mystic pall the landscape— casting over all a weird and awinl shadow; Tho ordlhing. mills still stamped. and thun dered ;, tho streets woro busy With peoplo ; but in the 'outskirts tho profound peaco of evening hadfallen. Tho birdB had songht tho trees ; naturowas inreposo; ovory creature but man, restless man, had gono' to rest. But man, intelligent man, was still bUBy in pursuit of tho phantoms for which ho Baorificcs soul, and honor, and peace. ' , Soon a gcntla radianco appeared in Ufocast, strengthening until tho cold chdstb moon arose oyer tjio hills and dissipating the gloom of night, cast over .riaturo her own fairy lights and shadows, The moon looked down that night' upon ho stranger sceno than that being enacted at tho Hesperus Extended mine. nuwo uau Hprcuu jar auu wjuu buui. uuutuaii Swcotcomfort's body. had been recovered; so alargo crowd, was gathered. togother. It was. quite an event in Grit. For. years lifo had gone on in a quiet, listless way. .Ever sinco tbo great collapse, the stream of existence had flowed evenly enough. But now thcro was a genuine oxoitemont. Men moved about, and talked of tho day on whioh Jack, was baricd alive, and tho extraordinary ovonts that fol lowed ; and there wore a lew old greyheaded mon who did not forget to pat in a word about the memoroblo night of tho flood when Jariot was murdered, and tho Qritty Gully Trumpet inaugurated. Homo wondered if the great occurrences that had taken placo during tho past fow days were precursors ot a ohango. Why riot? Any great ovent in tho past had always bean followed by a change for the better. Arid it was generally agreed that if Buoh would ocaur, tho torriblo deaths of Hector Maoinnis and Obadirih Swcotcomfort would not bo regretted. Little was heard on behalf of cither. A fow half-wondorlng, hall-pitying words woro dropped about Hector, dead in the prime of his lite, tho hoight of his glory ; hut whatever was said about Obadlali, was the reverse of complimentary , tlio axiom lie mortuie, Ac., notwithstanding. Evcryono'sccmcd glad that tbo rich man had died and gono— well, thera waB a singular Unanimity as to where ho had gone. It was tlio timo for thoso to whom bo had refused a loan, s or upon whom ho had trodden; to. rovengo thomsclvcs, and thoy did it unsparingly. t 1 Jaok and Wiliiam'stood by, noantlio poppot- legs, unnoticed. Jack had faded completely out of momory in the hurry-scurry of lifo ; and tho very men who talked about Iris wonderful escapo, never noticed that tho herb of thoir story was standing by. But Jaok was rather pleased than otherwise at this.. : Ha knew now tho hollowncss'of fa'mo. Standing there in the moonlight, .watohing tho groups of earnest talkers, now arid then glancing ovor tho moonlit Beeno, what, a flood of -memories passed through Jaok's mind, thrilling his heart with emotion after emotion -.rjoyous, sad, gay, nnd gravo. Tho pnstoral scenes of his youth, tlio day whon ho met Wil liam Brown, now standing beside him, and first saw tho metal which had since played so important apart in his lifo ; tbo dream of tho Shining Reef; tho night of horror when his mother died'; tlio hours of cobrtship; the burying alive In this very mino; tho day of his grandeur 'and wealth; tho hour of his fall; tho loss of BorUia ; - tho joyful reconciliation ; tho death of his father! Strange, ovcntful history. What would bo tho end? "If tho old man had been lioro," said a vonorablo digger near Jaok, ".wouldn't ho have glvan us- a fino speech? Ho corild spoakl". ' ' ' ; "Old Bunakum?" said another fogoy. "Ay, that ho - eould. Words camo . to him liko water to a mill ; but ho's' dead now. It's high timo wo went, too.!' " Btrarigo,"-oaid tho other, > that aU the old handsaro dying out j- arid though' thoy wcro. hero in tho good times, thoy leave littlo behind them." : ..... . '"Too fond' of enjoying themselves," said the second speaker. " Tho drop of grog, yon know." - "Ay, ay," was tho reply, accompanied with n shako of tho head. Jack looked at tho men. In tlio spectral light thoy seemed to him as if they wcro the old friends dead and gono, of whom Bunakum had spoken in somo of his last speeches. A sadden movement in the crowd told Jack and William that something had taken place. Tho strange . silence informed them tho body of Obadiah had como to tho surface. With an effort thoy got into tlio front rank. There, in the truck, lay tho corpse of tlio wretched man. Tbo cold, white faco and stony eyes looked np at tlio quiet moon with a horriblo store. It was a sight that hashed tho assemblage into stillness. Not long sinco this man was in tlio fall possession of health and strength and riches; looked np to with tho awe that wealth creates. Ha held tlio destinies of many there in his hands. A word from him, nnd their daily bread was gono— another word and thoy were wealthy for lifo. Now, tho meanest of tho crowd could jeer at him; tho weakest toko that' nerveless hand. In sight of that poor, holpless picco of clay, Jack forgot tho hate and anger of tho past, and almost regretted tho fata that had snatched away this man boforo ho had repented Iris (lcC(u< Jack stood noxt to Bnigglo Snickers. Evcry- ono had noticed during tlio day tlio awful oxoitemont under wirich this man labored; but all had set it down to natural fooling. Obadiah and Bnigglo bad boon great friends, and it was owing to acoidcnt that, as in lifo they had been inseparable, in death they wcro not divided. Bnigglo had hitherto been a sober man ; but on tlris day ho had drank, and drank brandy, and it seemed to linvo no effect upon bim. Only Jack noticed tho ghastly lino of lite faco as ho gazed on tha corpse. As tha moonlight shono apon his distorted faco, it rivalled that of tho dead man in rigidity and ghastlincss. But who was to dream of tha terrible secret that face con cealed? Tbo light being brought forward, thoy searched Obadiab's body, tha magistrates and tha polico standing by. Bnigglo Bnickcrs was amongst tha group, and Jaok was close to him. , 'After a while thoy camo across tlio tablets The officer of polico observed them rind glanced at tho writing. A cold sweat buret forth from every pore of ' Bnigglo Snickers' frame. Was it possiblo that Obadiah had lived long enough' to writo down what had ocoarcd ? Ho mado a movement as if to fly; but his torror and prostration wcreso great, and his limbs seemed to fail him. Tho poliea officer read on ; and thoso near to him could seo "that an expression of tha almost astonishment appeared upon his face. Ho had hardly began to read when ho glanced at Bnigglo Bnickcrs, arid tho wretched man felt as if tlio officer read with ono aye and kept tho other fixed upon him. His knees knooked. together, his faco lit, half by tho moonlight half by tho lanterns, was ghastly white. . Whon tbo officer closed tho tablet — ho had nover taken his cyo off Snickers— lio turned to a trooper. i . "wilqqri," ho said, ; " arrest Mr. Bnigglo Snickers for.tha murder of Obadiah Swcot comfort." Those" who stood oloso to tho shaft of tho Hesperus Extended wcro conscious of some thing fleshing past thorn, and tha vast orowd heard a shriek of horror and dispair whioh thoy never forgot to thoir dying day. Sniggle Sniokors, casting a glance at the glorious moon that was sailing in tho hcavenB,' tho blue sky, the, thousand faces lit by lamp , and moon, threw rip his arms and sprang into tlio shaft. Thoso oloso at hand could hear his corpso as it rebounded from side to side until at last with an awful thud it fell upon tho bottom— :tt thousand foot bolow I , ' -Tho .orowd gathered round tho shaft with confusqdnn.qwo striokon murmurs, and men at" onco got into- the cago and descended Presently it carina up bearing a mass of flesh from which all humanity hod been oruBhed out. .People turned from tho awiul sight. The polico placed tha two corpses on tho ono trestio and bora them away. . : Tho peoplo still crowded round , talking of theso torriblo events, and regaling each othori with- oririnous versions of tho awfal story." But soon it was evident something of ovcri greater and more personal interest was ox- oiting tho inoss. Whispers began to oironlato amongst tho crowd, and intelligcncb was on foot, that overpowered oven this wonderful instance, of hatred boyond death. In Bomo ; manner It- wan nnmrnnnicatcd tlint a now TCef i of surprising richness had been discovered in' the Hesperus Extended mine. Avarico, long latent, , was now- developed, and; soon ;thq orowd was hurrying to and iro seeking. to pick up shares— leaving Obadiah'a corpso '-looked', up in tho ofllco to await tho inquest. . Our'friorids heard tho news; but it wos.of littlo interest: to them. Thoy bad. no monoy. to purchase shares. With a -.weary sigh 'of regret thoy loft tho scene nnd walkcdiriyny to'-, wards thou: homo, tnlking as thoy went of ;tho affairs- of tho day: ,- Neither guessed- tho true solution ot ovents — they only wondered arid speculated. CHAPTER LXIX. . Emily was waiting for tliom, 'and had pre pared a neat littlo repast. Jaolqsighed as ha ..thought that tho littlo money thoy had would soon melt away,, and then what wonld ho do ? As yet ho Baw no way out of his diffi culties. Earnestly as ho desired to- bo united to Bertha there appeared no gleam of hope to oncourago hhri to anticipate tho joyful event. .It scorned, that thoy would caoh. havo'to'toil on. 0, for a fow hundred pounds whorowitli to buy into his old claim I Ho did not spook of this to liis dear friends, but thoy could . oasUy divine his thoughts — indeed thoir av.'u minds woro exercised rin. tha subject'. of the. futuro. But William; spoko hopefully, nnd predicted that tha finding of a rioh root, in tho Hesperus Extended wduld revivify tha district urid would load to plenty of capital boing in troduced and conBoquont work, when thoy might look forward to a brighter futuro. ' If was not long boforo Wiljinm and Emily retired. Jaek Bat reading a worn, out novel. -Bnt ho could get no rcBt. - It sc'cmed as if an Unseen Being was calling upon him to do something.'' Now rind" than tbo ghastly faco of Obadiah scemod to peor out upon him from tho comer, and occasionally :ho thought' ho saw Hector Macinnte standing in tho, moon light at tho door as if beakonuig him. But theso woro only tho phaqtdms of a troubled Presently bo folt an overwhelming desiro lb go up tbo claim and do sonje work. It would not no -tbo fiiBt occasion; for often enough had ho worked until tbo' sriiall hours ot tha morning in his eagerness .to '-find out what tha ground containcd.': Bo taking a candlo and matches ha walked up -tho hill' ahd.da- ccndcd tho shaft. .. It. was. already 100 feet in depth, and they wcro driving a orossqut to tho cast to seo what, thoy could striko. So far tho ground had boon .very" hard, with no wator. Thera was a drill in.on- unfinished, bolo. . Jaok Bet to work on it, glad to , escape from his distressing thoughts. ..Ha noticed, after a while that tha drill was in' quartz and wator began to flow out. ' Tlris norved him to greater oxertions, oven although ha know. that ' tho ground was full of littlo " leoflors,'' but so much ' water did not' conid:' from ."lbadors," Whon tlio holo was sulBoiently, deop ho put in a charge, tamped it, and; setting the fuse alight, retired., into a plaoo ;of riafoty;1 "Soon tho ground shook with ' tho qxplosion, andiwhon . it was over, - Jock walked out, lighted Iris candlo and proceeded to oxamino tho dislodged reek. A glance sent thoblood rushing through his frame. Quartz had been struck— a reel, too, for tho water was flowing from tho face. Ho hardly breatlied, so great was his ex citement. Taking up a picco of quartz ho looked at It. Tho'stono was white, with bluo scams, Hero was galena ; thcro, 0, Great Heavens I gold I beautiful, glittering gold! por- mcatiug tho Btonojnrerywliero: Ho know it. well. It was thotruo Hesperus Extended Iodol Tho event Was too much for him. Ho sank upon tho ground in a faint. , Was it a faint? That moment , tha lovel bccam'o Buffascd with light— not. tho cold phophoreccnt gleam of tho moonbeams but a warm golden light — - such |as he had beheld in tho dreams of tho past. And. hovering abovo him was tlio Itencfieientr Spirit -of other days, a bright smila on her face. In front was a wall of golden rook— tha white and blue and yellow clearly defined. And behind the Spirit, ha thought ho saw his mother — her foco bright and happy— her eyes fixed upon him and beaming with joy. Tho Spirit now waved her hand, and amid a gentle melody, floating liko fairy music in the air; her voice camo to him for tho last timo : " Your's at last : tho Bhining'Ilccf I" 'CHAPTER LXX. Parting is sad nnder any circumstances ; and even when wo havo followed our cha racters to a successful close, and tho reader's imagination can fill aU tho blanks, it ia not unwiso to givo a few closing remarks. Oar characters havo grown apon ns as wo have proceeded, and it is not without a sigh that wo lay down our pen nnd bid them an eternal farewell Prudcnco Macinnte mado so good a use of tile £1000 Ilcctor iiad given her, that before a fortnight after lite death sha was taken to tho Kcw Lnnntlo Asylum— tlris tima really mad ; and cro many weeks sho too followed tho- caravan that in over moving on into eternity. Mr; Clack reformed lite ways and bocamo a model citizen— Bertha's words being touched, his soul and turned him back nt tlio right moment. . - Two tombstones in tlio cemetery ot Grit speak for themselves. ' Tlio inscription on ono reads— BAcnr.D To Tin: nr.siouY or OBADIAH BWEETCOMFORT, ; ' ; wno died on- Erected in remembranco.ol his worth as a citizen, his value as a friend, his cxamnlo as a Christian, nnd his sad nnd awful death. " 0 death I where is thy sting ; 0 gravo I where is thy victory ?" Gilded lio! Tito other inscription is this — JANET MELDON,- MOTHER OF J01IH MELDON, : IIOHN DIED; "To Ilint win) 51! bead was.crowhcd with thorns, - .' Whoso tears of blood wore slied for mo, ' I cling in liumbld 'earnest hope,' - My advocate that lie will bo. . And what remains for us to say ? Nothing I After yoars of pain and misery ; after- stumb ling long in tho paths -of error arid darkness, tbo bright dawn of a now and better lifo ap peared to Bertha and her lover. Tho Shin ing Rbcf, as it was named in accordance with Jaok's extraordinary dreams, turned oat to bo' ovon. richer than tbo Hesperus Extended, :of which", it : was a continuation. Grit, long; down-trodden, roso to oven greater wealth and prosperity than it had ever known. Tho BnBy Boo is onco more tbo scene. of business and. .revelry, tha hundreds who had flown olaowhoro 1 when \ tha : olouda of ' adversity flavored Over it, have nowjroturncdl; and it' is not likely that tho peoplo of Grit, having 're-' ceivcd ono lesson, will allow this opportunity to pass. ' v . Jaok is now a wealthier. man than he was in tho times oftho mania; and next to him is William, who has reaped at last tho reward of Iris patience. To tho latter tho happiness of his dear- Emily is tho greatest of, his .joys. And its Jaok has abjarcd speculation, and is contented and- happy with the lovely partner of, his Hfo. it is not likely that ho wiU ovcr again losa the' fortune ho has amassed -put tof tho Shining Reef, And if there is ono jqsson lib' inouloates to' his'' ohlldron more '.than another; it is that solemn ono ot Scripture, burnt into hte mind by tho history Y>f the ,pasf— . i i ... '"Bo Buro thy sin wiU find tbco out." ; . TIIK END. . ." ' : ; ' J ' : I 