I llasli. IN the seventeenth century, one Captain Stow, of Boston, for abusing a magistrate by calling him a " justass," was fined £100 and ^ prohibited coming within the patent without tho Governor's leave, upon pain of death. ' In the nineteenth century the Chief Magis , trate of New York city is called a liar and a sneak, and the offender goes scot free. How we have improved upon our ancestors. A FEW days ago, jost before the rainfall, i Mr. Thomas Heme and his bi other were out I in the bush shooting, in the neighbourhood i of Conibeiton Grange. They came upon a ' muddy water hole in a blind creek, and were much astonished ut B eing a number of mud eels, winch it contained, now and then , wriggling np mi to the dry land. Upon ap proaching cloner tlie Messrs. Herne observed that a number of black i nukes, ¡iud a large carpet 6nake, were in the pool, evidently seeking to make the eel« their prey. Both Inen discharged their pieces at snakes so on their woy to the hole, and in a iuie a dozen of thc black reptiles were and one carpet snake, measuring ten : inches. Mr. Herne states, that st ie, armed as he and his brother were, lt dubious about thc ßaiety of their n, for in every direction they looked he bush near the hole, they could see either approaching- or retiring. At was thought that the dry weather was IBO of the snakes swarming to the bole h extraordinary numbers, bul seeing ere was plcuty of water not far distant, i without having tho eels confined in conveniently unali space, hence the s reptiles must have been preying upon ¡ruy aquatic phototype. »1UE8T was hearing confessions one ay, and a boy came to him and said bo rale bad sin on his mind. 1 Well, mc oy, come on wid il,' said his reverence, ve all must bo forgiven ; so what is it 'Augb den your riverence, I do be sayin', ' Be ibo Holy Father.' ' You that's very bad. me boy. Now, how o you be sayin' that ? Do you say it a day V , ' Uh, begor, 1 do, an' more, riverence.' ' Do yon say it twenty i day, me good boy ?' ' Augb i begor o, an' more than forty times a day, vernice!' 'This is very bad indeed, iod boy. Go home, cow,' said the ' an, get your sister to make you an' hang it round your neck ; ery time yow say, ' Be the iloly ?,' drop a little stone in it, )mo here to inc, thie day week.' hat doy week his riverence was lieariu' al in bis box, an' he beard un awful n the church, so he looked out ov the nu' what docs lie pee but his penitent, dragpin' u sack, up thc body ov tho ! 1 ' Tady Mnlloy,' says lie, what do ye De 6ich cunduck us that in the church ? y er riverence,' says the fellow, ' dose the ' Be de Holy Father's,' an' de rest B outside in thc dray !'-Hoyan M,P. tiuv, the Whitehall bnrg'lar, now in mora prison, says the small barking dog most formidable obstacle to success that ¡rs of his profession are compelled to en r. While electric alarms, patent fast and such devices r.te thoroughly under and nvatled by burglar*, who always in the guise ol pedlars. bc'Kginn tramps day examination of the premises to ho d at night, the little eanine that will ider the sofas' bureau», and other fur triture and buk continuously, ie the one sen tinel that never slumbers and cannot be bribed. Be advises every family therefore lo keep a small terrier or rat dog, and train him from puppy hood to bark whenever a stranger ap pears on the premises. SOME curious staieuients ure appearing in reference toa" warning," alleged to have the death of Loid Airlie out West. In the Airlie family the death token ¡6 the beating of a drum, and this signal has frequently been heard by reputable witnesses. The late Dr. Norman Macleod, the famous editor of (rood Words, lent tho weight of his testi mony to some extent to it. Others declare that just before the death of Lord Airlie's father, in 1849, they were staying at Airlie Castle, in Forfarsuire, and heard the mys terious music Jong before they were aware that he was dring in London, lt ie also reported that the ghostly drummer-boy was again heard just before the death of the late peer in Colorado. One of the servants heard it tiret in the corridor, and it is said that the sounds also reached the room of Lady Airlie, whose great prostration was partly caused by this dreadful visitor. The affair has given rise to considerable correspondence on the subjects of ghosts, wraiths, and second sight. TBE King of Bavaria has disappeared, aod left no trace of his whereabouts. The direc tion, duration, and purpose of bis journey are, we are told, equally unknown ; even the highest circles are left in the dark. Here is matter for speculation. A young man of 86, unmarried, highly cultured, and a sovereign ruler to boot, is on his wanderings. Is he, like Prince Charles, when he made bis romentic journey into Spain, in search of a bride ? Or is he travelling merely to inform himself of the ways of men as they present themselves to ordinary eyes ? Perhaps, after all, Louis has not left Bavaria, and is now living in some hut among the mountains. But then, again, perhaps he is in Paris, or in London. The sudden disappearance of a King without leaving a clue with anybody as to where he ia to be found, ia not a daily or yearly occurrence For some time to come eligible young ladies should pay close atten tion to any strange gentleman of romantic appearance who may be introduced to them. TUE census in England always affords food for fun, but that which bas been lately taken of our fellow-subjects in the East has a drollery about it that is quite pantomimic. Among the Engltsli-speakiug community in Burmah, exclusive of " four Scotchmen who speak Gaelic," are 698 painters, ie., tat tooers, one poet, one " scientific person," one dog poisoner (who, we will hope, knows something of science) 41 idol-makers, one independent man, 26 swindlers and cock fighters, and 16 wizards. The whole popu lation is 10,000. In England, though art is getting to be auch a public nuisance, our painters, thank Heaven, are not yet 7 ppr cent, of the nation, while, on the other band, wo have a much larger proportion of " con jurors," or, at all events, of people who think themselves such. PROFESSOR FERRIER has been able to find by experiment upon animals, especially upon monkeys, that the skull can he safely opened where necessary, the bruin abscess or other trouble relieved, and the wound, so made, dressed and healed, and the patient cured. Wᴇ must go away from home for news and in this respect we are indebted to an American journal for the following information with regard to a gentleman well known to all of us:—“Sir Henry Parkes, Prime minister of New South Wales, who is now on a visit to this country, was British Minister to Japan at the time of the abdication of the Tycoon and during the rebellion in Japan in 1868\. He led the British troops to the mountains back of Hiogo, to follow the forces of Prince Bizen, who had attacked foreigners in the streets of Hiogo, thus making necessary the landing of the American, British, French, and German naval forces to protect their countries’ interests on shore. Sir Harry was instrumental in securing the beheading of Prince Bizen for ordering his troops to ﬁre upon the foreign sailors.” The mistake into which the journal fell was corrected on the following day. A THIEF thus wrote to the editor of the New Yoik Tribune:-"Sir,-Please advise your rcadeis always to leave their uamee and addresses in their pocket bool;8. lt frequently happens in our business that we come into possession of portemonnaiee containing private papers and photographs, which we would gladly return ; but we have (to means of doing so. It is dangerous to carry them abjut, so we arc forced tc destroy them. I remember an instance when I met with serious trouble, because 1 could not make up my mind to destroy a picture of a baby, which I bad found is the pocket- book of a gentleman, whicl: came into my hands in the way o business, the Third Avenue Road. 1 had lost a baby myself the year before of the same age as this one, and wonk have given all I bad for such a picture There was no name in the rocket-book, ant no way of finding out who was the owner so, like a fool, I advertised it, and go shadowed by the police. Tell your readeri to give us a fair show to be decent, ant always leave their addressed in their pocket book. We want to live and let live.-Youri truly, a Pickpocket. THE relatives of tho late Earl of Crawfon and balcarres, whose body was stolen fron the family mausoleum at Dunecht, are em ploying clairvoyants in order to discover th' body of the late Earl, which is reported to b intact. TUE Weekly Bulletin (S. F. paper) has th following regarding Sir Henry Purkcs's mis sion :-Among the passengers on board th steamer Australia, which arrived at this poi on the 24th ultimo from Sydney, Australit was Sir Heury Parke?, K.C.M.G., Premie and Colonial Secretary fur New South Walei Ho may be said to be the most promineti man that the Australian colonie» have prc duced, having commenced life in Now Soul Wales as a mechanic, and from that risen t I his present high position. He is about 6ixt years of age, tall, erect, with white hair an handsome appearance, a good speaker, an thoroughly familiar with nil questions beal lng on the welfare of the colony of. which he is the Prime Minister. NEWS has been received of a terrible earth quake at Costa Rica, the southernmost state of Central America. Thc shocks extended : over a large tract of country, and were felt I with great violence in the vicinity of Ala gnlla. Four towns wore coinplotely de stroyed, and terrible loss of life occurred. Several thousands of persons hare perished, and many more have been rendered home less. IN a letter addressed by the Queen to Sir W. Vernon Harcourt, the Home Secretry, in reply to numerous addresses, her Majesty says that she ÍB deeply touched by the en thusiastic loyally, affection, and devotion of her people, and expresses her heartiest and warmest thanks to all, from tba highest to the humblest, and says she will continue un ceasing iu her efforts to uphold the honour Bud glory of ber dear old country, aud for the prosperity and happiness nf the people. THE Ulster Echo is responsible for a curious story in connection with the Tyrone election. It states that when Mr. Parnell and his candidate, and the members of Parlia ment who gave such vigourous help in the canvass, saw that all was over they consoled themselves by retiring into a room of their hotel and dividing among them " a pile of crisp bank notes and a heap of gold " sup plied from the Land League exchequer. The Rev. Harold Ry lett is described as a person of '* grim visage," but when asked, after this partition, whether he was satisfied with his fortnight's work, his countenance lighted up, and, " pressing with exultation his plethoric pocket-book," he replied that he was " perfectly satisfied." " Six guineas a-day per man and expenses " is the fee sat down as going to the staff, along with the perquisites of " driving about in waggonettes and pairs," " snpplying themselves with bands of music, bonfires," etc., and " floating to bed at night on billows of champagne." General charges of mercenary motives may j robably bf prudently despised by Land Leaguers as they are by other people ; but a specific allegation by a responsible newspaper, with place, date, aud circumstances complete, admits of easy contradiction or explanation. According to the latest intelligence from New Lebanon in New York, tiie Shaker community is fast going the way of ail similar attempts to realise the Communistic ideal. At one time it seemed as if it were likely to escape the fate of its predecsesors. 