TtiE RELIGrIOUS CARD-PLAYER: ,~Aturiaxt?the following skeic?6 is old, it is well worth repeating :-A private oldier, by the name of Richard Lee, was 'taken before'the ;Magistrates of Glasgiowi for pla;iing cards during divine services. A sergeant led the soldier totlie English Church,; ndd when the minister had read the p:ayerShetodk the tqet. '- hosewho had Bibles took them out; , biut this'soi dier had - nither Bible nor: Commonu Prayer Baok, and pulling out a -pack, of cards he spread them before him.": He: looked at one card and then at aniother~ The sergeant of the 'companiy saw'hi` and said i;; ichard, put up the cards; this- isno place for)tlhem. . : 'Never 'niind that, said Richard " When theservice was over the constable itodli flichlird a prisoneri and brought him before the Magistrate.. .-~ ' Well ,';aid-tlie -Bailie, what have you rbrought the soldier hereto6r.?' ,?r;i ?,.: \- For playing cards in the' hiurchi / '.Well, soldiee, iwhat have ~y'oi to `say for 'ourself?' . ;' " I ..;. . ery good, ,if .not,. will punish you .'I have been,' said the soldier, 'about s ixkweekis'on the march. I have neither Bible:nor Common Prayer Book. I :trve~nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope,-to satisfyi y0ur ,;wiorship. ;oa 'ithe purity,of myfintention.u; "Then,;spreading the cards before the Bailie, he began with the ai&., Whlienz I sece the ace it reminds nme that there is but one God. When.I see tbeoduce, it reminds me of :the Father and Son. When I see the three it reminds me of the Father Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached-Matthew, Mark, 2 -Luke.-and .John. When I see the: five. it reminds ine of the five wise virgiri?tliat trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but &ive; -were wise and five foolish; and were shut out. When I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven cand-earth. When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work He had'made, and hallowed it. When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteous persons that yvere saved when God destroyed the world i viz,, ,Noah . and -his wife, hiel firee:sons dnd their wives. When I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine leapers that were cleansed by :our Saviour. There were nine out of ten. that never returned thanks. When I s?ee the ten, it- reminds me of the Ten: Coniimandments which God handed. dowPn' to', Moses on the tables of stone. When I see the king, it reminds rme of -the Great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. When I see the queen, it remiuds me of the Queen of iheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise. a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed 'iu,boys apparel, for King Solo mon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbow, the boys to the wrist; so- King Solomon told them by that.' -' Well,' said the Magistrate, ' you have described every card in the pack except. -one.' 'What is that ?' 'The Knave,' said the Bailie.. '-I will give your honor a descriptio' i of that too, if you will not.be angry, -.-- . S'I will not said the Bailie, "if you do not term me to be the knave.' \- The greatest knave I know of ias the constable that brought me here.' 'I do not know,' said the Bailie, 'if he is the greatest knave, butt I know he is the greatest fool.' ' When I count all the spots there:a-e. in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty five-as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack, -I find fifty two--the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack; re presenting the number of months ind ? year; and on counting the tricks, I find thirteen-the number of weeks in a quarter. So, you see, a pack of cards serves for a Bible, an almanac, and a Common Prayer Book.' - 