METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. fBv the correspondent of Uie Ararat Advertise A gendeman vjio has jast returned from the Keiiy coan'ry states that he never aaw it more peaceful. All the ycong backs ban cleared oat to iiirer.ua for the shearibg. Kia traveller states that from ltbat be has heard the spirit of resistance to tin- law b&a; by llo mews died oat, and he fa Is of opinion that the police must keep double watch vlu n th - young men return from the shwnring with Lti seventy rod wbirfey. My informant gave me a WjT of a remarkable «ong he beard sung at a hrlieen shop one night, it contains about fifty v^rMfl, detailing the daring deeda of the Kelly tn.p, th, burden being a sort of lament for the defunct Ned. Mr Fiber's Gaming Bill is a veritable Fisher's ghost to the numerals clan of Oracles, orients, Adgmaslan, and the like, who think their occupation mil be gone. X notice! a lot of these present when the bill wss discussed, and already they are cattT&s;»xhg -members. They dnsayiba&vliortawftl; be made to "perHnade-a majority of the House, and one "swedpiat" has declared no each bill will be caiTied while be hasa' tb J "" it." However, I thibk tbe bill being carried. Mr Dowie continues his campaign against tbe 0:d Gentlemen and the whisky mills, but he met v;tb a rather disagreeable aaventure the other evening. He was holding forth in front of a pub and admonishing the licensee to abjure liis-oecape- tioa and to be bom ni'ain, when be was suddenly •trenched with a pailful of ditty water Irom an upper window. Ur Dowie and his band beat a tasty retreat, and spent the eveninz io drying thetnselres. Ksveralhotelkeepers are getting thdir nose in order with a View to baptise tbe enthusiasts. - The troubles in ireland are felt elsewhere than in that country. For yean a widow lady and .Her daughters lived in comparative comfort in Melbourne. on the rents of a small property in Ireland which belonged to the deceased busbsaa and tether. Since tbe begicniqg of tha land league agitation, the family taaverecervtd little, if any, tent, and the e-raequance is. that three refined and gentle ladies bare become destitute, and are'compelled to eke people of Ireland, and what right have the tenants t>u«e their property-and » pay Slotting lor ttl X call it robbery • f the groesest character. We an mill in the Bible what will become of those who oppress a d defraud the widow and the fatherless, aid I doubt nut tbe GreH Judge will in good time deal out nfaibatiw justice. (By the correspondent of tbe BamSUan Spectato The Ministry have to placate not a compact party In tbe Bouse and the constituencies, but the" whole eightygentlemen who constitute the Assembly, mad also tha Legialative Council, though tbe latter take too brood a view of tsatten to be amenable to the influence of localisms and the like. Tbe result uf all this is the extravagance and placatioo that and to which there seems to be no end. Tbe fact is that tbe Assembly has loot in respect and fnaige, owing to Its reddess proceedings and utter disregard of common decency in regard to the Ballway ifitl and the interests of the nation. Liberals and Conservatises now look to the Council to save the country. Disappointed members, sach as Sir John O'Sbsnassy and Ur Frauds, an already worktug among the memben of tbe Upper flotue, and as theWestem district is so largely represented in tist CJUmber, I would not be ai all surprised to see Wannamtoal, Bellait, and Hamilton jet . have • good show. The poIitLal arena at ineeuit fa • scene of miserable sanabMes and intrigues, averrwne striving to "best" tne other nnless be will help roll bis log. Tbe worst days of party Government were not so bad as these tlnna. An employment-institutekasper informs tae ofa practice whdeh baa grown np which it is hoped, will be nipped in tbe hod, and wmch can only have - •stertained by monsters. A. wetl^Ireased genasman calls at tha offiae sod applies for a servant or housekeeper. Saving seen sefenl, be snakes appointments at divers places, and then when he meeia the women he proceeds to make <iiagr»cftlul proposals to them. In some cases, I am told, the fie&ds; have succeeded. They have probably adopted dLtgaisss. Tbls nsed oooe to be a practice in Puis. Tbe detecuvesysn oo tbe look-out for two of tbase enterprising and " hi " ion made a fine witty If. P. this sreekto * rather vain of himself. " indeed,* leligbted, "wbei * was lbs reply. r 