STHE ILLAWARRA RAILWAY. Mut. Surveyor Hardio is now nearing the Figtreo with the permnsanont survey of the railway line, the finalpegs being already put down to opposite Mr. Clarke's Mount Keira Hotel. As stated in p previous issue,.the 47th mile peg is a few chains north of where the line crosses the Bulli Road and Mount. Pleasant tramway at Fairy Meadow. From that point the line trends westward, forming a curve Swhichl extends to where it enters Mr. A. Rllbinson's land, .opposite Mr. Bode's Royal Victoria Hotel. Thence it proceeds in a straight line a distance of 44 chains, or upwards of half a iile, before tlie iext curve commences, near the Mount Keire Railway, in the direction of the Cross Roads. Some people think it not improb. able that the railway aethoritiea intend or will be likely to fix the station about the middle of this straight run of over half a mile whi l hes between the Mount Keira and Mou4Pleasant lines. In that event, the site oFhe station would be at the rear of Mr. Roinson's residence, just north of the belt of trees along Gwynn's Lane. Altogether te straight piece of line re forred to extends front opposite Mr. Bode's Hotel to within nine chains of the Mount Keira railway, which is just three chains south of the 48th mile peg. Immediately after crossing the said railway, the line passes over a <crock, and then runs nearly parallel with the same on the south side of Mr. Robson's residence, at the Cross Roads, is reached, In crossing the ridge traversed by the Mount Keira Road, the line turns pretty sharply to the south, intersecting that road four or five chains south of a cottage in the locality. Thence it passes down Mr. John Stewart's pad dock, just on the north slope of a slight hollow which runs between two rising arounds. there, Orosaihg the said hollow about opposite halfway down Geard's Hill, the 49th mile peg is reached, From this point the line proceeds southward, crossing the watercourse a short distance above Ghost Bridge. The main road is then followed very closely, as far as the permanent survey has yet proceeded, the line evidently being likely to pass close to Mr. Spence's residence and Sthe Figtree Post Olfico, very near which will be the P0th mile peg from the Elvelefgh Station, at Redfern. The man cutting the furrow of lockepit between the chain pega along the line is now at work about half a ,nile north of tt.e Mount I:eira Road, or near what is knownt as Woollard's vineyard, off which the rail. wny will out the lower end. The line being kept on the north side of the main road as far an the Figtreoo, it is not likely to cross that road for some considerable distasceo gouthwards. But should the mnovemoni now being carried on in Wollongong to have the railway along the oest side of the town succeed, it will alter this state of thines, so far as between Fairy Meadow and Unanderra may be con corned. And in all probability a good deal of trial surveying will have to be 'done between the Macquarie locality and Kiama before a route shall have been finally doe :oided? upon for that part of the railway. 'I'he inhabitants of Jamberoo will be anxious for the line to pass through that portion of the district, whlilst the Shell. harbour folk will not be losea desirous to hhave it on their side of Terragoog Swamp, Taking all circumstances into consideration, Government should well consider the claims of each of the localities mentioned before deciding which route shall be taken by the rail from the M1acquario Rivor to tinalms.--Friday's Illawarra Mercury." 