CHESS COLUMN. USEFUL HINTS FOB STUDENTS. (Continued from July 29.) BY PAWN. It is important for a chess player to-be able to foresee and calculate half-a- ddsen more* ahead ; therefore you should endeavor to acquire that ability as soon as possible. Consider how your adversary may reply to your move, and what answer you can make in return, and so on. By doing so you not. only improve your memory, but alBO learn those very valuable qualities of the mind—foresight, circumspection, and caution —which arc so useful in the course of human life. Never allow yourself to be flurried when you are attacked, but quietly look around you to sec which is the best move available for your dcfeuce. If you do not do so you will no doubt have cau.-« to regret it afterwards. The writer remembers onoe seeing a young player in a tournament, lose a prize through getting flurried when his king was checked. Without due consideration of the position he parried the check by inl ing a piece, whereas if he had quietly' around and shifted his king, insti covering, he would have left bis opp without the ghost of a chance As the most important stratcgems in playing i« tbe art of gaining time upon! opponent, do not play a piece t<> any from which it can be easily driven, do, you not only lose * move, but, _ allow the attack to pass ont of your hands into yoar opponent's. If an opportunity is afforded you to gain one of your opponent's pieces or pawns you should examine the, position very closely to see if there is a trap' laid for you. aud consider whether you will compromise your game by capturing the piece or pawn. It is well to have a pet opening, but do not always adhere to the sam \ Rather endeavor to make yourself arquai.i+ed with all the openings that chess is suscc ihle of. When you see a chess column 1.1 a newspaper or magazine always make it 4 {>.>iiit to read it, for if yon do not* you will lose the opportunity of perusing a great many games that are well worthy of your study, and besides missing other items of importance to a chess-player. Play your pawns so that they shall afford an opening to your pieces, and at the same time hinder the development of your oppoaent's, but do not push them for forward till you see on which side your opponent castles. In the early part of the game your pawns are safer at the fourth rank than farther on wards, and ron must beware of advancing them too far : without sufficient support. When pawns are united they are very strong, hut when they ;l>ecoine separated they are extremely weak. A double pawn is mostly weak, and if on a >k's file it is generally useless. When you have castled, you must be careful not to advance the pawns in front of your king without good reason, as you thereby often expose your monarch to a dangerous- attack. Itefore commencing an attack place your king in security by castling, and see that your pieces are well developed, for unless they arc so you will not be able to establish an enduriug attack. (To be contitivfd.) 