BREVITIES. (Compiled from our Exchanges.) At the hiring of the immigrants per Samuel Plimsoll there were 103 applicants for four women waiting engagements. A young ruffian named William Randell, has been fined £10 at Melbourne, with the . alternative of three months in gaol, forb'rutallyassaultmg bis mother, a decrepit old woman. He was also sentenced to three months for assaulting tbe police, who went to protect his mother from violence. Mr. W. H. J. Slee, Government Inspector of Mines, has been busy since his arrival on Temora, in inspecting the underground workings of a number of quartz and alluvial claims, and so .far expresses himself as well satisfied with the precautions taken against accidents. Sir Henry, in concluding a speech made at Plymouth on the eve of embarkment, hinted that the separation of the Australian colonies from Great Britain was a possible contingency. The police in that highly moral and respectable, though rather dirty city of Sydney, will not suffer people to bathe, get shaved, or buy fruit—let alone a cigar, on the "Lord's Day." All the poor apple women in St. Mary's-road have been summoned to court, and a hairdresser has been fined 10/- for improving a. dirty citizen's personal appearance on a Sunday. At the Melbourne sessions, whilst Mr, Purves was cross-examining a female witness, one of the jury desired to protest against the insolent way in which councu was handling the witness, and remarked that they considered his conduct most unmanly. There is a growing feeling amongst members f the Victorian Legislative Assembly in favour of abolishing the duty on live stock. As one of tbe effects of the long drought in ltiverina sheep are scarce there, and now that grass is becoming abundant, the runs are understocked, Tbe show of hands at the East Macquarie nomination was in favour of Mr. Thompson. A poll was demanded by Mr. Sydney Smith, the other candidate. • South Australian statistics show that the average yield of wheat for the past 11 years was 7f bushels per acre. The average price was 5/3; deducting 6d, for bringing to market, it left the farmer 4/9. The cost ol producing was 28/, showing a profit to the farmers of 7/7, per acre per annum. A very valuable discovery of ironstone is reported from Lake Macquarie. Coal-miners, while tunnelling on the Warner estate, suddenly came upon a seam 2 feet 6 inches thick. The "match-box trick" was done to great -advantage last Monday in Sydney, the victim losing the sum of £150, which he had staked as a bet at a single swoop. The manipulator is in custody. It was stated at the meeting of the State Children's Relief Board that the Attorney. General had expressed an opinion that State children could not be placed out with their own mothers. A man was sentenced to be imprisoned until the rising of tho Central Pohce Court on Monday for refusing to pay for two drink6 with which lie had been served by a publican. The Court rose a quarter of an hour after sentence was pronounced. The fare by coach between Albury and Wodonga has been raised from 1/- to .2/6. A flock of 2389 sheep passed through Gun- dagai on Monday from the mountains for Mr. James Gibb of Berthong. A son of Gambrel's, a farmer near Port Pirie (Adelaide), aged 5 years, procured some matches during its mother's temporary absence, and went into the pigstye and in some unfortunate manner he set fire to the straw in the stye, and failing to escape, was burnt to death. Last Saturday nearly £30,000 was laid out (in cash) on land in Sydney and suburbs. Mr. W. Forster has been addressing his constituents at Gundagai, and was well received. When the Ministerial train arrived at Groontufetor of one of the deeping oars,'named al,_pn the Hay extension, on Tuesday,, a con- Joseph Parsons, got out, arid was running towards the Governor's oarriago, intending to do Borne duty in connection with that vehicle, when he tripped, and,' falling, received some severe injury to his shoulder. A Slim of£9 10/- was subscribed for limi by the passengers. The average rate of speed by the Ministerial train from Hay, on the occasion of the extension opening, was 29 miles per hour. Wow has been resumed at tho Borehole (A.A. Company's) at Newcastle. The strike is virtually at.an end. The miners were anxious to go into the pit, though the arbitration award had not been signed. Distinct new vein of quartz • has been struck iu the Crosscut at the 85ft. level, in the Queen of the Mount claim, Mount McDonald. It is fully 2ft. wide, and carrying very good,golc|„ r A rich copper lode has been di"- overe<j one mile and a half noyth-% st 0£ the Milburn Creek SWelting ; ue<k The width is about 4£t. mue and green carbonate. , Several 40-acro blocks have been pegged out and applied for already. Five handsome pearls were found in an oyster opened at Blackwell's oyster saloon, Hunterstreet, Newcastle, feri Tuesday. • , Flour is so scarce in Cobar that one of tho two bakers is cleared out of his stock, and the oflier'« supply is nearly used up. Half ; a. ton of flour has been senton'by KiJgour 'froin Tindary station to feed the, township. Slaughtered sheep are selling at 10/- per head; During the recent festivities'.'at Hay, the hotelkeepers there charged 5/- for a cup of tea and a bit of.bread. Dinners were 10/6. '. . ' f . ' Mr. P.' Hartigan of Yass, Hay and com dealer, and Mr. J. B. IQaa^be^jhiu^axessw^:^ also of Yass, have received notice of_ action, in the .Supreme Court from Mr. Wilkinson, ^ojicitor, onljehaif of Mr. J. J. McDonagh, for forcibly ejecting hi™ from .St. Augustine s Church,, Yass, on Sunday, tho 2nd instants OPENING .OF'TEE RAILWA-E TO HAY.—Hay, Wednesday.—Over.500 person's attended the banquet" last: -evening; 1 tHis<'Excelleno^'the" Governor was amongst the guests. There were also present Sir Alfred-Stephen, Sir John-Hay, Sir John Robertson, the Hon. John Lackey, the Hon. F- B. Suitor; the Hon. Robert Wisdom; the Hon. J. B. Watt; the Hon. S. A. Joseph; tbe Bishop of Goulburn ; Majors Murphy and. 'Airey; Mr. Wilkinson, Government Geologist • and Sir. W. V. Read," Traffic Manager. Thb German Rand assisted in enlivening thej)roceedings with some excellent music. L6rd Augustus Loftus expressed pleasure at the presence of so many ladies, as they had a good effect on an audience, He expressed confidence that the next 10 yearB would see greater progress made than;ever in NSw South -Walts, 818,000,000 hal been spent on railways, andSQ a reduction of the tariff was intended by A e Government. He would like to see more agricultural settlement, and federation was sure™ come when communication was pcrtectea OPtweenthe colonies from Brisbane to AdeUiae. Sir John Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, M.P.. and . b ' r John Robertson spoke of what radways JiM. done and would do for the colony. The lawer gentleman promised a bold aud ample poucy would be brought forward by the Government, whether the Premier returned or -not. ine Mayor of Hay, Mr. Lakeman, made the best speech of the meeting. Ho said that the railway should have been made before all the land had been sold. There was no land, he said, available now in the district, and yet there were no people settled, independent of Bquatters, between Narandera and Hay. He maintained that Hay had progressed in spite ot tne Government, bad management, and want of foresight, but land was wanted now to ; increase the population. The few selec. tors ;iii the district were doing well, lhe feeling of the meeting was with the Mayor on the railway and land operations. Mr. Laclfey confirmed the statement of the Governor regarding the reduction of the tariff, and promised a scheme of cheap railways, which would connect the outlying districs with the lines nowmade ; a' system which would pay and meet the requirements of the colony- The public money held could not be better expended. The increase iu tho revenue he attributed largely to the connecting of the outlying districts with the capital, end the diversion of trade which formerly went to the other colonies.—Telegram to Evening News. ^HOOTING AFFKAY NEAB OAROOAB.—Tuesday. —A serious affray occurred near Green Gully, It appiars tbat a man named William Sopp and his eon and etepaon were drinking at a neighbouring public-house. Sopp'a son went home, and the father, who was drunk, went with the stepson and demanded admission to the but, but being refused, went baok to the hut, where three or four persons were S'aading, when the efcpson, Jack Bourke, told him to stand back at he would ahout him. 1 The vrorda were not long uttered when Bourbe fired, shooting Sopp below the knee, Bourke ia now In custody, Mortlfi. cition set in and Sopp Is in the hospital. Dr. Smith amputates the, limb to-day. The prisoner is remanded for eight dayB,—Telegram to Echo, [Sopp died on WedbeBday.] " : INSURANCE AND SUICIDE.—The Supreme Court (nays the S. A. Register) has reversed the ver. diet given in the case of Wood v. the National Mutual Life'Association of Australasia, Limited, and tho insurance money whioh the man Ernest Nevillo endeavoured to secure to his oredltors by the strange device of committing suicide, will not be paid by tlie association after all. It will perhaps startle some people to learn that the Supreme Court possesses tbe power to reverse the verdict of a jury upon a question of fact, as it has done in this oase. One of the chief mattrrs to be decided was with regard to the insanity of the insured, a point which the Attorney. General contended was amply proved by, his having professed a belief in spiritism, indulged in the practice of drawing strange pictures under the influence of some hallucination, and asserted that be had seen a ghost. The jury had found that the evidence proved Neville to bs insane, and the Judge bad therefore dirt cted a verdict for the plaintiff, who Bued for the amount of the policy. Bis Honor the Obief Juatioe Bald, In reference to the action whioh the Oouit is now taking, that it-appeared to blm that it was not overriding the Supreme Court Aot, inasmuoh as the proceeding waa sanctioned by the rules of Court, and those rules, according to the Act o( 1878, are entitled to have the foroe of law, be. cause they h<tve been laid on the table of both HouseB of the Legislature, and have not bees disallowed by them. THE DABLING HABSOUB CASE.—The case in which the Hon. John Lucas, M.L.C., claimed from the Government £76,945 as compensation for the resumption of one acre and one rood of quarry land, leased by hirn at Darling Harbour, was brought to a conclusion on Wednesday afternoon by the jury returning a unanimous verdict for the Crown, and fixing the amount of compensation to be paid. to the plaintiff at £4500. The amount is £1000 more than tho sum which Mr. Salomons in his address .colled upon the jury to give, but it is £1176 less than the Government valuation, and £72,445 below the sum which. Mr. Lucas claimed. A' largo proportion of the £4500 it is said will halve to be expended in paying the costs in the case, which must be very heavy, for the trial lasted ten days, there was a very large number of witnesses, and it was arranged that the jury should receive two guineas a day up to Friday last, and three guineas a day from Monday. MT. Lucas therefore will receive for 'himself but a very small amount compared with the sum representing his claim.—Echo. '. AN EXTBAOBDINABY CASE.—At the Water Pohce Court, Sydney, 6th inst., a case of an extraordinary kind was brought to a termination. Two men named Albert Hyman and James Cook were brought up on a charge of stealing files, screws, and tactB, value £20, the property of Eliza Tinsley. The evidence adduced showed that the prosecutors, Charles Theophilus Tinsley and Evers, cany on a hardware business at premises between Pitt-street and Charlotte-placo, under the nam', and style of Eliza Tinsjey. They had in their employment a young clerk named Charles Hibble, aged 15 years and 6 month" B^twaan Slitef * 0 -on the business of a H^ S ' * ' Newtown, and from that if vl ™ fortnight ago he was in the habit Y y «"-ing Hyam's place daily. The evidence for the prosecution showed, that Hyam got this boy playing cards until he was in'Ins (Hyam's) debt, and then in order to clear off the debt in- duced him to steal samples of goods stated in the information and give them to him (Hyam) in payment thereof. After the debt had been cleared off Hyam threatened Hibble that unless ho got him some more goods from jthe 'store He would expose, him, and the .boy, dreading this, apparently did whatever Hyam warited,' hini to do. He admitted that he had himself stolen .'over £100 worth of goodsbut as the value*>f the whole of the goods taken is . stated jby the manager, Mr. Charles Tindale,- ito < be •over £200, it is believed ,that Hyatu got a, duplicate, key, ..having, it ..is sup. posed, obtained an impression from- the ,one •always carried by Hibble, 'and'wenti into the place and helped himself. Hyman and Cook sold the goods to several of the leading ironmongers in the city, besides othersin the suburbs. Hibble, who received an excellent pharacter from Mr, Tindale,-pleaded guilty, to stealing a cask of files, and also confessed'to the whole 6f the transactions between "him. self, and the. prisoners. The evidence. pointed to the fact that he had been led astray bv -the. prisoners. Mr. Buohanan, S.M., who ? a , 60 ' commented in severe terms upon the f'.ficndish conduot'' of Hyman, and committed both prisoners for trial. Cook was-admittedto bail, himself m£150, and twosurtties ot £100 each. All application. for bail for Hyam was postponed for consideration.—^Echo. • PINE SCBUB IN THE LACHLAN AND WOL- LING-TON DisTBicrs.—A deputation, consisting of nearly 50 squatters, waited on Sir John-Robertson, at Hay, on Tuesday evening,- to urge npon him the desirableness -of stepBibeing taken toarro6t-the -spread of'pine 6Crub.'' A-pfetitddn was -presented, wpixjsentingS^at the of pine scrub was, in portioris wWBbo-fl witt"Wellington districts, increasing to an alarming extent, and threatened to render valueless for pastoral, or indeed for any useful 'purpose, lar^s teacts' of' land.^ B.iraf ;suggested r jjjjjg 'he localities in which pine scrub flourished, and report as to the extent of the evil. During ..the interview which Hie deputation had with the.Minister, one of the gentlemen urged that one, tiling that was desired was that greater ^eeurity of tenure should lie given to the lessees, «5s it was useless for them to incur an expense •of 2/6 an acre in clearing their land, and at the same time to liave to run the risk of having their land taken away directly it had been freed of scrub. He suggested that the land upon which the scrub grew should be closed from selection for a period of fifteen years; and that the question M to what land should be so dealt with should be decided by an officer appointed by the Government. The Acting Colonial Secretary said the subject was some time ago discussed in the Cabinet, but they were unable 1 to agree as to the manner in which the evil complained of should be remedied. He thought it would prove objectionable to close lands against the selector for fifteen years; and that-possibly lands partially affected with the scrub might, if the suggestion which had been made were adopted, be closcd for that period, when -Steven years would be ample to enable them to be cleared of scrub, lie subject wotild be considered again. 