Farming in Dakota. THE WHOPPING STORIES BY WHICH TIME WAS BEGUILED FOR AN IMAGINARY COMPANY DOWN EAST. "YES, sir," resumed the Dakota men, as the crowd of agriculturists drew back from the bar and seated themselves around a little table, " Yes, Bir, we do things on a rather sizable scale. I've seen a man on one of our big farms start out in the spring and plough a straight furrow until fall Then he turned round and harvested baok." " Carry his grub with him 1" asked a Brooklyn farmer, who raises cabbages on the outskirts. " No, sir. They follow him up with a steam hotel, and have relays of men to change ploughs for him. We have some big f arum up there, gentle men. A friend of mine owned one on whioh he had to give a mortgage, and, I pledge you my word, the mortgage was due on one end before they could get it recorded at the other. You see, it was laid off in counties." There was a murmur of astonishment, and the Dakota man continued : " I got a letter from a man who lives in my orchard, just before I left home, and it had been three weeks getting to the dwelling-house, though it travelled day and night." "Distances are pretty wide up there, ain't they V inquired a New Utrecht agriculturist " Reasonably, reasonably," replied the Dakota man. " And the wont of it is it breaks up fami lies so. Two years ago I saw whole families prostrated with grief. Women yelling, children howling, and dogs barking. One of my men had his camp truck packed on seven four-mule team*, and he was around bidding everybody good-bye," " Where wai he going ?" asked a Gravejsend Tr»n r "He was going half-way aoroaa the farm to feed the pigs," replied the Dakota man. " Did he ever get back to his family ?" "It iin't time for him yet," returned the Dakota gentleman. "Up there we send young married couplet to milk the cows, and their children bring home the milk." " I understand you have mines up that way," ventured a Jamaica turnip planter. " Tea, but we only use the quartz for fencing," said the Dakota man, testing the blades of bis knife with his thumb, preparatory to whetting it on his boot "It wouldn't pay to crush it, because we can make more money on wheat. I put in 8900 townships of wheat last spring." " How many acres would that be ?" "We don't count by acres. We count by townshipsandoounties. My yield was $68,000,000 on wheat alone, and I'm thinking of breaking up from eighty to a hundred more counties next season." " How do you get the help for such extensive operations ?" asked the New Utrecht man. " Oh, labour is cheap," replied the Dakota man. " You can get all you want for from twenty- nine to forty-seven dollars a day. In fact, I never paid over forty-eight dollars." "Island cheap?" " No, land is high. NoPthat it oosts anything, for it don't; but under the laws of the Territory you have got to take so much or none. I was in luck. I had a friend at Tankton who got a bill through the Legislature, allowing me 420,000 square miles, which is the smallest farm there, though it is—" "Look here," said the barkeeper, as the Eastern husbandmen strolled out in a bunch to consider the statement, " is all this thing you've been telling true I" "Certainly," responded the Western man; "at least it is a modification of whabl saw in a Dakota paper that was wrapped around a pair of shoes last night I didn't dare to put it as strong as the paper did, for no one would believe it Tou can slate that last round of drinks, and I'll pay in the morning. I live right here on Myrtle avenue."— Brooklyn Eagle. A SnraoxAß Ghost Stoby.—ln the Telegraph (London) lately appeared the following letter signed "W. H." :—fi Previous to 7th November, 1869,1 always laughed at the bare idea of ghosts. I was staying in Brighton on the day mentioned with some friends who were about to prooeed abroad. Two ladies, a cousin, and myself went out to dine at Kemptown. It being a most charming moonlight night, I told my friends I should prefer walking home to Brunswick- square (the other end of the town). I aoeordinglypro ceeded on the sea aide of the Esplanade. When just opposite the Bedford Hotel a carriage and pair drew up alongside the rails with two men on the box and an elderly lady inside. I was greatly startled, as the wheels made no noise; but at once I took about half a dozen steps towards the carriage to see what it meant, when I distinctly recognised the occupant as my grand mother, whom I had left perfectly well at Cheltenham a few days before ; also her coach* man and footman on the box. lat once vaulted orer the rails opposite the carriage. At the same moment it struck me as most out of the way that an old lady of eighty-three should bring all her belongings from Cheltenham to Brighton, with out informing her relations of the move. As I touched the ground I made one step forward to greet her, when to my horror the whole thing vanished. When I recovered myself I went straight home and told the whole dreumstanoes of the case. Of course, everyone laughed at me, and told me that it was fortunate there were witnesses who could speak to my perfect sobriety. I was very put oat, and hardly slept all night Early next morning we received a telegram that my poor old grandmother had been found dead in her bed at naif-past 7 that morning." A Clever Hbdokhoo.—A gentleman writes to a Kentish paper about a rather curious fact which has just come under his own personal observation. He is the rector of a country parish, and his churchwarden, who is also the chief farmer in the place, possesses a small herd of milch Hereford*, The cows generally give an abundance of milk, but latterly their owner remarked that one of them, when milking time came, proved an exception to the rule, giving none at all. His natural suspicion was that the animal was meddled with during the night, and in order to discover the guilty party he sent latterly for the neighbouring policeman, who, with his own cowman, was requested to keep a strict watch during the whole of one night near the meadow in which the herd was kept Nothing, however, occurred to corroborate the farmer's suspicions that he was being robbed of bis milk, and the mystery would probably have remained one had not the cowman, about 3 o'clock in the morning, paid a visit to the cow in questiop, which was lying down in the meadow with the rest. The man roused her up, and the thief was discovered, but the offender was not one that the policeman could well take into oustody, the nocturnal pilferer turning out to be a hedgehog which was caught in the very act of Milking the cow. Eligible Bachelor Rstbbat.—A correspon dent of a contemporary recalls a good story which created much amusement among auctioneers many years ago. A starched and dignified old gentleman, who had been a stockbroker, but had reoently retired to enjoy his otium cum dignitate, was anxiously endeavouring to buy a suburban residence suitable for a bachelor of means. Many weary journeys were made, but with out effect; and the old gentleman began to despair of finding a house which, in his eyes at any rate, had not some fatal defect. Just when he was plunged in the profoundest disappoint ment, he one morning took refuge in the auction mart from a shower. Shortly after he entered, the auctioneer put up a property which at once attracted the attention of the hard-to-please stockbroker. It was described in glowing periods as "an elegant and substantially-built stone residence on the banks of the Thames, atStaines, with right of fishing in the river, and commonage rights on Runnymede." The houie was repre sented to be in ao perfect a Btate of repair that nothing would require to be done to it for the next ten yean. The liitenera were repeatedly reminded of the associations of the property— " King John and Hagna Charts, and the Britiih Constitution." The biddings started at £160, and the hero of the tale, fired with the ambition of becoming a freeholder and ending hia days in so eligible a bachelor retreat in the midst of auob. charming surrounding*, began to bid with energy ■ until at last he was declared the purchaser at £700. Delighted to be at the end of all his anxieties, he hurried down to Staines, oongmtu lating himself upon his exceptional good fortune. When his destination was reached, however, he was filled with rage and mortification to discover that the bachelor elysium for which he had bid with so light a heart was the abandoned toll house at Staines Bridge! Amusing Story of Edison.—-A correspondent of a contemporary, in the course of an interesting article on Mr. Edison, his method of work and his discoveries, relates the following story told him by an enthusiastic admirer of the American inventor, and the truth of which several of the latter's friends attest:—Ganders, as rural folk well know, flog with their wings children who show themselves disposed to interfere with hatching geese. When Edison was a boy of seven or eight, and still wearing petticoats boys' clothing being thought by his people too dear—it was observed by them at the farm in Michigan where he was brought up that his bare legs were often badly beaten by the gander. He was told to keep out of that bird's way, and to let the geese alone. The next spring hostilities were again declared between him and the gander. One fine morning Edison disappeared. It was ascertained that he took with him a store of food* As he was still missing at night great uneasiness) was felt A search was begun next day. The child was found in a wood, sitting down and holding out his skirts over a sort of straw neat that he had made and filled with eggs which he had taken from under an incubating goose. He wanted to see whether he could not hatch just as well as that bird. The idea had set him in a fever twelve months previously, and he had not abandoned it Unphuosophical parents whipped and scolded him. An acquaintance to whom • Michigan farmer had told this curious anecdote went to Edison and BBked whether it was not fabulous. " No, it is quite true," he replied. " I was terribly disappointed when they pulled me off my nest, and had not the courage to try again. But if I went now to hatch those goose's eggs I should succeed. I have more perseverance/ 1 