PLAYING THE WRONG CARD. (Concluded. ) CHAPTER IV. MR. STYLES eat silent and stupefied aftc thc departure of his colleague. The pipe lia gone out and was now rekindled ; while th jug of beer, which had' given point to th sarcasm of Charley-as ho still called him i his reverie- remained untouched at kÍB elbow Tho situation was indeed a serious one for th unlucky Professor. He had been buoyed u by the prospect of this unexpected windfall ho had seen his way to taking larger halls, an ' working ' larger towns for the next week o two at anyrate, with its help ; and now i had utterly vanished, plunging him, as i matter of course, as deep into despair as it prospect had raised him into hope. He hai sent the baggage-man and the properties on t< Bingledon, where he was announced to opel the noxt night ; a deposit was paid on th large room at the Town Hall ; bills by thi time were circulated, his posters had been ou for some days. And now all this trouble wai lost ; his outlay was forfeited. He could no open by himself. Even if a musician could bi found m Bingledon, a thing hardly likely ii so sedate and prim a town-such a muaiciai as would suit him-what was he to do with out Lucile ? Her loss was utterly fatal to thi speculation ; in fact, her loss would be fatal t< his business altogether. His slender resource) would not, could not, hold out until he had replaced her. His properties would bc seized, and he should be ruined. ' My hcalth'e a-going,' he muttered, as he roached this stage of his reverie ; ' and I shall have to go to thc workhouse. I little thought wben I took old Ben Boley half-a-crown and a pound of tea last year, that I should so soon come to be where I saw him ; but it's what I am comiug to." A tremendous knock at the street door interrupted and startled him. He listened with a foreboding of some fresh evil ; but ere he could determine who was his visitor, the door of his room waa thrown open, and Mr Ignatius Hythe came hurriedly and excitedly in. ' Here's a pretty go 1' exclaimed that gentleman, who could scarcely gasp out the words-'here's a pretty gol Where's that confounded foreign scoundrel 1 He has done it I A nico thing I have made of it by employing bim.' 'What bas he done? I should reaUy be glad if you would tell me,' returned Stylos ; 'for he has been here talking in a crazy stylo about being revenged, and says he is actually the person we employed him to represent.' ' So he ie I' cried Hythe. ' The vagabond Was just the last man in the world we ought to have spoken to. He has nearly killed my brother, and has entirely ruined me.' 'What has he done?' exclaimed Styles, who was partly excited and partly frightened, as his visitor plunged frantically about the room. ' How has he killed your brother ? How has he ruined you ?' ' He has given my brother a shock from which he will never recover,' said Mr Ignatius ; ' he has had a fit in consequence, and in his weak state it will be fatal. But he has actually seen his daughter I This abominable foreign musician, or whatever you choose to call him, is her nncle. He showed her to Maurice. Ho took her away with a threat that Maurice should never see her again. What is the consequence? My brother now knows that she is alive, while previously he only dreamed it. His conscience, which was morbid and troublesome enough before, is now irresistible. He means to telegraph for his solicitor to-morrow. He will alter his will in favour of bis child, BO that now we shall get nothing at all ! If she had remained here, it would not have mattered, os he would have been oontent with providing for her, and \- compensating by kindness for any wrong he had done ; but he regards what has now happened as a judgment, and that on . account of it he ÍB bound to mortify himself and all his friends.-And by Jove, sir, it in mortifying 1' concluded Mr Hythe, with an abrupt chonge of tone. ' Well, what are you going to do ? What do you want me to do ?' asked Styles. ' He has entirely broken up my tour. I have billed my two next towna, paid a deposit on the hall at Bingledon ; and hero I am without a chance of giving the Bbow, and hardly enough rooney left for my railway fare.' ' Ob I hero's some money ; take it ; I want your help,' exclaimed Hythe, throwing a number of sovereigns on the table. With sparkling eyes, thc Professor scrambled them up. 'Well, what help do you want from me ?' he asked. ' We must find this follow ; we muBt get back the girl I' returned Mr Hythe. ' Con- found him 1 He has no right to keep her (rom nor parent. It's unnatural- it's atrocious. If I can, get hold of her, I have not the least doubt' from what I know of my brother, that we can manage him very well. So we will follow this foreign scoundrel, and catch him if we can. I will claim the girl, and call in the police if necessary. Gad, if it's necessary, I will seize ber by foroe, and you mnst back mc np f * Oh 1' ejaculated StyleB, with a perceptible ! lengthening nf his visage ; ' I don't altogether like that idea. He's a dangerous fellow, and he earlies the ugliest knife you ever saw out of a butcher's shop.' ' I don't caro for hiB knives or any of his foreign tricks I exclaimed the desperate Igna- tius. ' I'll knock him down with my stick, if we really come to a fight. But for the matter of that, I would just as Boon be run through thc body as not, if we don't' get thc girl back.' 'Ah! but I wouldn't,' said the cautious Styles; 'and I give you fair warning that while I will do all I can in the way of persuasion, or will back you up in case wc fetch a police, if it cornea to lighting-keep me out 1 ' I'll do that part of the business,' said his resolute visitor. ' Bather than not keep my brother from altering his will, I would face twenty foreigners with twenty knives apiece. -Now, come on. How shall wo get on his trail ?' ' That won't be very difficult to begin with, at anyrate,' said Styles. ' He must have gone by rail, if he has gone at all ; and a little gossiping place like this bas one advautage everybody koowa everybody ; and I'll defy such conspicuous characters os Charley and Lucite to take tickets without their being known and their destination remembered. Wc are right for the first stage, I am certain.' 'Then on with your coat, and off wc go,' continued Hythe. 'If there's a train any time to-night in tho direction they have taken, wc follow. ' But about Bingledon ?'-began Styles. ' Let Bingledon shift for itself ! The people at Bingledon can do without you I daresay. Telegraph in the morning, or do what you like ; but let ne lose no time now.' ThuB urged, Mr Styles had no option but to j comply. The sovereigns that had !>eeu so ' lavishly thrust upon bim softened in a wonderful way-his feelings regarding thc dis appointment of the good people of Bingled»n. In a few minutes they bad loft tho house, and were at the railway station, where thc correctness of Mr Styles' judgment was at once made manifest. The clerk and porter eaoh recollected the departure of Mr. Joinville, as th oy called hi in, accompanied by Mademoiselle Tuscano, and recollected also that they had taken tickets for a station Damed Bushfield. The night-mail due in about an hour and a half, stopped at that station. ' He will change there, and go across to Stumpley, which is on the South- Western linc,' said Hythe. 1 He means to go to Southampton, and tako a steamer for America ; that's his game.' ' But I don't think he hos enough money ' said Styles. ' Oh I there's never any telling with these foreigners,' interrupted Hythe. ' He may have been screwing and Baving up ever since he has been with you. ' Mr. Stylesmado no reply to this suggestion ; but by an expressive frown and shake of the head, he might have been of opinion that 'Charley,' as fae still called him, was not likely to have saved much while in his company. To follow their journeyings in qucBt of the fugitives would only weary the reader. Suffice it, therefore, to note that Mr Hythe and Styles at length found themselves-cn route for Southampton-at Bushfield Junction. The junction was at a very lonely spot ; a straggling village was tho nearest approach to a town for several miles ; while out on the bare downs beyond, or in the narrow dull lanes which served as byroads, there were but few cottages to be seen, and still fewer buildings that deserved the name of farm- houses. So there was little to invite any one to go strolling abont in the quiet light of the sinking sun, which was now just visible above the low bills which bounded the view to the west. Thus argued Styles ; but Hythe was of a different opinion. Luckily, however, he did not deem it necessary ts insist on thc Professor accompanying him in his ramble ; aud so, comfortably ensconced in the village inn, with thc London paper to read, hit legs resting on the long seat, the oft deferred meal at lEBt served, Styles awaited his companion's return withont impatience. Mr. Hythe, restless as before, soon got beyond the limits of tho village, and crossed the wide common which lies immediately beyond. He then turned to retrace his steps, as twilight had set in ; and the occasional barking of the dogs reminded him that it might be unpleasant to find his way back after dark. Passing one of the few houses which were of somewhat better grade than thc poorest labourers' cottages, he Baw a woman standing at the door, who looked so earnestly at him, that he thought she was about to speak. Slackening his pace he looked fixedly at her in turn. Thc woman noticing it, said apologetically, and dropping a ruBtic courtesy, as she spoke : ' I thought, sir, you might bo Dr. Camm, or some one from him ; that's what I was looking out for sir.' 11 am sorry you are disappointed,' replied Hythe. 'Ihope you have no eoriouscause for wishing to see a doctor.' 'Indeed, 1 have sir,' said the woman; ' and I am afraid Davy-that's my boy, sir, hasn't found Dr. Camm at home, he has been so long gone.' ' I have been a doctor, although now rctirod from the profession,' said Hythe. ' If I can bo of any service till your doctor comes ' ' You are vory kind sir,' replied the woman, os Hytbo pauBcd ; 'and if you would not mind looking in, I should be a great deal easier in my mind. We have had a gentleman 'and little girl staying hero for a day or two.' 'Eh ? a gentleman and little girl 1' repeated Hythe, roused into tho keenest attention at once. 'Yes, sir,' she continued. 'They are foreigners, I think ; and he ÍB mortal bad to- day. I think bo is going ont of his mind, as well as being dreadful ill sir ; and the little girl is so frightened. ' Whore is he V exclaimed Hythe, in a decided tone, ' I will sec him at once' 'I don't know, sir,' said the woman hesita- tingly, ' whether he has got any money ; and we are too poor ' 'Oh that is of no consequence,' returned Hythe, with a readiness which at once impressed the poor woman with a sense of his generosity. ' Just show me the room.' Tho woman turned, and led thc stranger into the front-room, which meanly furnished os it was, was evidently the best parlour of tho house, A low moaning sound was audablc as lie entered. 'That is the poor gentleman, sir,' she continued. ' He is in the back-room. I will go and soe if he ¡8 sensible.-This man is a doctor, my dear, and will cure your uncle.' This last phrase was addressed to a girl who sat cowering and shy in the darkcBt corner of tho apartment. Hythe had not seen ber nntil be followed the direction of the woman's eyes. ' Ah 1 it's all right 1 I have her now,' was his mental ejaculation. The girl looked up at him with- out any recognition in her eyes.-'This is a strange place for you, my dear,' Baid Hythe. * I know from your landlady that you have not been herc long. Wore you about to settle in this village ?' 'Nol I think not sir,' roplied the girl. 'I hardly know what Mr. Charles was going to do ; I think he meant to go back to America. 'I was not far out in my guess, then,' thought Hythe. The return of the woman stopped further conversation ; and he accompanied her to the bed-room, where, restlessly turning on his couch, lay thc man whom he had sought. As would have been the case with every other doctor, personal feelings, likings, and dielikings, all ideas of danger to himself from this man, were instantly banished, and Hythe saw in him ouly a suffering patient. ' His brain is dreadfully affected, and he is in great danger,' said he to thc landlady presently. ' I think it is more than probable that he will die herc.' ' O dear me ; deary me I' exclaimed the poor soul, wringing her hands. ' Whatever shall wc do ? My husband has been out of work these four weeks with a bad hand.' 'I will wait until I sec your local doctor,' continued Hythe ; ' and will ask him to send a nurse down to assist you. As it strangely happens that I know this man, I will bc responsible for all expenses, and will take the girl to her friends. There is a person waiting for mc at thc Half Moon Inn at Bushfield, to whom thc little girl is well known. Can you I scud for him ?' 'Oyes, sir!' exclaimed thc woman,whose face had brightened considerably. ' I do think 1 hoar our Davy outside now. He will She was correct. Davy came in with the news that bc had been waiting until Dr. Comm returned ; that he had Been that gentle- man, who had promised tn follow him in a quarter of an hour. Stimulated hy thc promise of a Bhillinc;, Davy lost no time in hurrying back to Bushfield as fast as his heavy, clay-clogged boots would carry him, bearing Mr. Hythc's card, with a request for the immediate attendance of StylcB. The doctor arrived first, and promptly coincided with tbs opinion already expressed hy Hythe as to thc fatal nature of thc illness. He readily agreed to find thc nurse, and took charge of a few ponnds which Hythe left in his hands for current expenses. AB he did so a little bustle was heard in thc parlour, followed by an exclamation of delight and surprise from thc girl. With a word of apology for his abruptness. Hythe hurried to thc room, where be Baw, as expected, the girl clinging round Styles's neck in a trauBport of delight. ' Have you come to take me back}' eaid the child, * I do not love Mr Charlu as I love yon.' (She had been taught to speak of him always as ' Mr. diaries ' in the company.) ' lie does not love mo at all. Do not send mo away again !' ' No, Lucile, never ; you shall never leave me again,' said Styles ; 'thatis,'he added, as he recollected the claims of Mr. Maurice Hythe, ' you shall never go anywhere but where you please, and where you are happy.-She always took to me, you know,' he continued in a low tone to Mr. Hythe. ' We have been together those two years, and I always considered ber as my daughter.' The girl would not part from Styles ; and so, holding his hand, she preseutly set out to walk to the junction. Hythe followed closely, after a final consultation with the surgeon, who promised to let him know by telegraph the patient's state in thc morning-if bc laBtcd till then ; but unless some unlooked-for change took place, he probably would not hold out. Catching an early train thc three reached Fieldenham by midnight, where, under pretence of not disturbing their landlady, and after repeated promises from S ty les to call for her the next day, the girl consented to go to Myrtle Villa to sleep, and there met with a warm reception, Mrs Hythe being quite as much alive to tho importance of her restoration as was her husband. In the morning Styles came round punctually ; and as he came to the gate, there arrived aleo a telegraph messenger, whose tidings were brief, but final- Vilada was dead. There was an unavoidable Bhock in hearing this ; but both Hythe and Styles were secretly conscious of a feeling of relief. Lucile-we shall for the brief remainder of our story preserve her old name-who had no idea of his danger, was not told of his death for some days. burly in tbe forenoon, as may be supposed, Mr. Hythe took thc girl round to his brother, who was now so weak that he could not stand, and was lying on a couch which faced the window ; but the interview which followed shall be outlined in the description given of it by Mr. Ignatius to his wife. ' It was like a resurrection, Maria ; If you had seen a ghost, you would not have been more frightened than at seeing that panting, hollow-eyed fellow rise up with a sort of scream.-But she wasn't frightened 1 not a bit. How she knew he did not mean her any harm, I can't say, but she took to him directly. He says ho Bhall get welt now ; and I believe he will.-I had a long talk with him, and it will bc all right Maria.' It was all right from Myrtle Villa point of view. Delighted at the restoration of his daughter ; thankful for the opportunity of undoing his wrong in part, at least, Maurice Hythe became a new man ; and never forgetful that it was to his brother's energy and wonderful sagacity he owned these boons, his lawyer was again summoned, and the will was this time altered in a manner which gave general satisfaction, A very handsome present to thc poor woman at Bushfield Common raised her to the seventh heaven of delight, as it did also ber husband, who had tho bad hand, and ' Davy ' the messenger ; while Mr Styles- But be also shall speak of himself, He often did speak of himself. He often did speak of him- self as he sat over his glass of grog in the select parlour of the Three Blind Mice at Kentish Town, N. \V" which hostel stands at the corner of the street in which were situated Mr Styles' apartments. ' And that's how it was, sir,'he would say, when finish- ing tho oft-repeated narrative. 'The tour which I thought was going to bo a complete bust-up for mc, was the making of me. The JOBS of my dancer and my pianist, which made me think of the workhouse, was the only thing, ns it turned, which could have kept me from it, I never went a tour again, and never shall now, and I don't want to. She don't forget the old man, sir ; and if I ain't rich, I ain't poor, and I can jog on quiet and comfortable, as I've got breath to do it. This is thc only time, sir, I ever knew by playing the wrong card, which was what wo certainly did when wo put Charley ou the business.'-From Cliambcr's Journal. 