Body Snatching. A mysterious affair (says an Ameri can paper) occurred at Syracuse; n the United States, the' other day. Dr. llervey Kendall, a well-known physician of that city, was found early in the morning of the 18th of May lying in a meadow adjacent to the burial-ground of •the, poor-house with a bullet hole in the- centre "of his forehead. Near his body wcro lvin * two shovels and a satchel. Under his left leg was a revolver, all six chambers of which had been recently fired off. r He was still aliva when discorerod, and was taken to the County Building, when, on divesting him of his outer wraps, a belt with two pistol- holsters was found buckled round his waist. One of •iho holsters wai empty, but the other contained a revolvor fully charged, with tho ex coption of one cartridge. In the satchel was found a full kit of tools used by resurrectionists —consisting of .a dark lantern, a cart hook, a brace and bit, a keyhole saw, a bowie knife, a piece of rope, and a bottle of whisky. Ho died on tho following day, but although at times conscious before his death, made no revelation oE the mystery. There is no doubt, however, that when he met hii death he was" preparing to rob a grave ; in the cemetery; for on tho previous oren ing Dr. Kurtz,-of Syracuso, called on him, and was surprised to find him in a rough suit of clothes, with all his body snatching implements piled ready for use. In explanation, he informed Dr. Kurtz that ho was going that night to get what he playfully termed a " bod." , Dr. Kendall had long been known as a profeesional gravcrobber. Soveral cemeteries haro repeatedly been des poiled by him. He was in the habit of taking large doses of morphine. Some persons supposed that under the influence of that druz he des troyed himself on seeing, or imagining that he saw, a ghost. Others hold the theory that ho was shot by an organised band of avengers, who were determined to put a stop to his grave robbing proceedings. He had a large practice, but is not likely to be much regretted by his patients. , . , 