LADIES' NEWSLETTER. IBy a Laj-y.1 London, February 10. The Duchess of Connaught, not progressing quite so satisfactorily after her accouchement as was desired, and looking aboutforthe cause, it was discovered that the drainage of Bag shot Park was not so perfect as it might be, and change of residence was deemed advisa ble by Her Grace's physicians ; on hearing1 which the -Queen,- -with whom the duchess is greatfavoritej at onceplaced Windsor Castleat herroval dauehter-in-law'sdisnosal. andsince her removal thither the duchess has improved rapidly,, and now is almost convalescent again. It is said Claremont, the future home' of Prince Leopold and his bride, is likewise by no means so well drained as could foe desired. What an- unfortunate prince it is ! He spramed his tinkle whilst making ready to fetch' iris lady-love, w-ho is going to purchase her trousseau in London and Paris, in consequence . of whieh misfortune the journey has been temporarily postponed. It is said the Grand Dake of Hesse, widower of the- late Princess Alice, sug gested the sister of the Queen of Holland sis a suitable wife for Prince Leopold. She is very robust, has extremely simple tastes, and as report goes it was considered that she would be equally ready to live in seclusion in attendance on her royal spouse if he re quired her services in. the capacity of nuvse as she Mould be to share a inoi-e brilliant place m society did her royal husband's health so improve as to enable him to take a more active part in those scenes of court life from which hitherto he his been almost entirely absent ; leading, in fact, the life of a recluse rather than that of a royal prince. Some while back society, indeed the English world in general, was very ma A exercised in its mind to inow wherefore tha Queen's youngest son, who has never reserved even the pretence of a military education, should now becreated a ' coldneL' A veason has been offered to the^public, and one which must I think be taken with a grain of salt ; still, it may be the real reason after ,alL The Prince, previous to military elevation, would be entitled to wear on his wed ding day a peer's robe or the Trinity House uniform, but neither of these are esteemed, suitable as a marriage 'dress, and as all Prince Leopold's brothers have been wedded in their soldier's dress it was thought that a colonel's' uniform ;wpuld be a fitting suit for a prince to be married in ; plain clothes was an infringement of custom not to be thonght of. In con sequence of some great financial-loss, it is said the husband of the great Swedish vocalist' has lost his reason, and his mental condition is such as to cause the greatest dis tress to his amiable -wife, -who has now become ill through anxiety, and is herself confined to her room. Everybody hopes that Madame Nillson and her husband will shortly be restored to their normal condition of health. The latest thing told of Oscar Wylde's sayings in America is that he considers Sarah Bernhardt his own ideal of perfect beauty, the realisation of all his aesthetic dream*, and that he would ask no greater earthly delight than to sit on -the steps of her house and guard it-while she sleeps ! On another occasion this much-satirised man parodied the old saying that hypocrisy is the homage which virtue pays to vice; he announced that in his estimation ''satire is the homage which ignorance pays togenius;' and. there is some thing Carlylese in the expression of the fol lowing sentiment :— ' To disagree -with three fourths of all England on every point is one of the first elements of sanity.' One of the unssthetic names which the transatlantics have bestowed on Mr. Wylde is that of ' England's Sick Calf.' The daughters of the Duke of Argyll have none of them -made what we style brilliant ?matches. They are many, and have small dowries, besides not - being favorites of nature in respect of good looks. Among the forthcoming matrimonial engagements an nounced at this season is that of Lady 'Violet Campbell, youngest daughter of the duke, -to Mr. Hallam Tennyson, son and secretary of the poet laureate ; and another alliance spoken of is that between the son o? Professor Huxley and the niece of Mi\ Mathew Arnold, therefore grandchild of the late Dr.- Arnold of Rugby. What prodigies of wisdom, learning, and goodness may not result from such a union? Writing of Huxley reminds me of the following: — Wordsworth, in one of bis poems, tells us of a certain Peter Bell whose perceptions were rather obtuse, and gives in illustration of his mental obfuscstion and the narrow limits set to his power of imagination and associa tion, tjjat— ' A primrose on the river's brim, A yellow primrose, -was to him, And it was nothing more.' Doubtless most of us consider ourselves very superior to that unsentimental ? unre reflecting youth, but according to -Huxley/, a primrose on a river's brim is evensomefching more than we wiseacres, as we think our selves, suppose it to be. Professor Huxley ? says the simple -floweret is ' a corolliflora-l dicotyledonous-oxygen, with a nonapetalous and a central plaoentation.' I am -sure I never supposed a primrose was all that b3 fore, and think it very_ kind' of someone to suggest that if wearcin a very great hurry to express ourselves we may simply term it a primrose instead, a hint that many people with any desire to be correct, and as unlike Peter Bell as possible, will be glad -to avail themselves of. There 'comes a weird? rumor from St. Petersburg that the unquiet spirit of the murdered Czar haunts the Cathedral C asarie in that city. One of the chief dignitaries of the church, desirous of disproving what- he considered -mere superstitious fancy, under took to watch for the apparition, and had already arrived at what he considered a con firmation of his opinions, when suddenly at that place of entrance to the edifice known as the ' Emperor's door' the form of the dead Czar appeared, dressed in the uniform in which he was buried. The bishop ad vanced to assoil his Lite sovereign, but the Emperor waived him back, and proceeded till he reached the high altar, where he prostrated himself before a figure of the Virgin, and remaining %-me time in that attitude of devotion he afterwards retired by the -way by which he came. It is said any ' persons in or about those places where the spirit is supposed to appear, and who may by chance see it, have been strictly forbidden to address the imperial ghost. Her Majesty the Queen is not in very good health, and her physicians having ordered rest and quiet as the best restoratives Her Majesty has gone to Mentone, where she will remain three weeks, returning, as now arranged, before Easter. 