TUE WHITE WOMAN OF SLAITH. By Miss. G. LirrN.nus BANKS. I Superstition dies bard, and who shall say that whcu superstition dies, his twin sister, Veneration, will not droop and languish over his bier ? But nowhere does suspicion linger longer than among the fisher-folk of the far north. The men who 4 go down to the sea in ships, and occupy their business in great waters,' not only 4 see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep,' but they leave behind them ashore women sensitive as barometers to every change of wind or weather, keenly susceptible of all that may affect their husbands and fathers and ' brothers who risk their lives j that they and others may live. And they also leave behind them children to be influenced by all they hear and see, and to catch tip and transmit every eerie whisper that may fall from their elders. oo trotn generation to generation the wind has had voices for the fisher-folk the trading townsman could not hear, and the wreathing mist has held shapes the city matron could not see : voices and shapes of awe and mystery, powerful to bless or ban. Such may bave been the ' White Woman of the Wreck,' of whom the hardy fisher-wives of Slaith to this day speak in undertones, lest the very utterance of her name should bring the ill-omened spirit amongst them. Yet only once has she been seen within living memory, and a grey-haired woman keeps the record in her heart. Far back, when this time and grief bowed Hilda Sanderson's grandfather was a hoy, when the fisherman's huts were not perched here and there upon the rocks to be out of reach of the tide, but looked out from beneath the cliffs on a fair expanse of saud and shingle and a land- locked bay, was the White Woman seen for the first time, and in the Jksk Rude and uncultivated as are the fisher-folk of Slaith in these our times, civilization is yet making its mark on the young ; but in those bygone days the dwellers on too many of our coasts looked upuu au spuus ui tuc ocean aa uicu icg-i- iinate right. So at Slaith when a fierce north-easter ravaged the coast and kept yawls and cobles at home, the storm would bring as sure a harvest as was won from the deep on those moonlight nights when the herring-boats were out And notwithstanding the abundance of coal in the wild region around, freqaent wrecks made wood the common fuel : it was plentiful, and cost nothing but the gathering and. stowing away. Never had come storm to Slaith at once so productive, or so disastrous, as that which spread its Inrid banners over the sky one September evening more than a century ago, warning the bnsy fishcr-men to pat back and haul their craft high and dry npon the beach for safety. Only one boat, which had set sail in advance of its fellows, disregarded the storm-signals of the sky aud pursued its coarse, whether in recklessness or confidence is not known. The purple clowds gathered over the crimson glare, the wiud came howling np, driving blacker masses of enmuli before ir, aud night set pirmatnrely in over land aud sea. The village, sheltered on the north and west by a steep, stern ironstone cliff which spread its protecting arm out to s< a in a formidable reef or ' neb,' was all astir. Men and women gathered on the teach intent on hauling up the boats, securing nets and tackle, and speculating what luck the sea had in store for them, as it broke in foam and froth on the hard rocks and ran in almost to their feet. Yet, mingling with the crowd and these speculations, came one short-skirted fishwife to the beach with wildly anxious eyes, and bands pressed on her throbbing breast, for Robert Blackburn's boat had not come back with the rest, and it held her husband aud her boys. Only the youngest clung to her woollen skirt, and added, with his questions, to her fears and agony. \- As the waves leapt up to meet the vivid ligbtuing darting from the clouds and danciDg on their crests, she could discern through the blinding rain a disabled auijs uuiiu bum wmunuj ««« f-.-lt how little hope there was for her husband's coble in a gale before which so large a vessel was driven to destruc tion. Yes, driving helplessly on towards the Neb and never a boat or' a hand put forth td the rescue, though the minute gun boomed in solemn appeal above the roar of the elements ; though shrieks and cries for help were borne in by the wind as the doomed vessel was hurried nearer aud nearer to its fate ; and thongh the lightning flashes revealed the white figure of a woman lashed to the broken main mast, and hapless sailors clinging to the bowsprit and rigging. Nearer ran the ship to the outlying reef, and nearer to a crowd of stalwart men who knew the coast, were inured to danger, and lacked neither strength nor courage to risk life or limb in Baving life — but only the will. True, the danger was imminent, the risk great, the men had families dependent on their lives, and — if none were left to tell the story of the wreck, better lock would be for the village. So cries and shrieks fell on deaf ears. Not even the piteous adjuration 'Fur God's sake! which caine with strange distinctness across die waters as tbe vessel struck, had power to move a man. Maggy Blackburn ran from one to another beseeching pity for the lady aud tile helpless crew, as they might hope fur aid in like straits, as her linsband and sons might be needing aid even then ! Sullen silence, or gruff admonitions to mind her owu business were the only response. Even the women turned away,- tnp (rrooi) nf rrain thh ltnno nf CfVltl VTA. QWU) WJW «A "I— '1 stronger than womanhood. Morning dawned on a cold, gray sky, a receding tide, a placid sea, a fishing village nestling under ragged cliffs, with a long reach of smooth sand between the Cottages and the narrow strip of boulders and shingle, and the outstretched arm of the Neb, looking innocent as any other benevolent protector. It dawned aiso on smoke uprising from cottage fires .kept alive during all tile storm and tumult ; on a sea and beach strewn with, wreckage ; on men and wo men wadinginto tbe surf to brine ashore boxes and bales within reach of arms or boathooks ; ou boats, well manned, steering among the rocks and shallows, or even into deeper currents around the I Neb, to pick np jetsam and flotsam) before the coastguard or the lord of the l manor shonld come on the scene with a legal claim. It dawned on the half-naked bodies of drowned sailors swaying hither and thither with the undulating waves, or lying disfigured among the rocks, among weeds and tangle; and inquisitive lobsters black as undertakers. It dawned, too, on a tall, slim woman in a white cling ing garment, her head and sboolders wrapped in a black shawl, from beneath which her fair hair had flattered and lay in wet, loosened tresses on the sand, where the tide bad landed ber and the broken mast together. Landed only to lie there unnoted and unregarded, al though when the sun kissed the pale lips and eyes they opened to the light and warmth, and perchance a hope of deliver ance thrilled through the half insensate form. It came .not nnttl ton la to "M"a rrfTTT Blackburn and her boy retreating to their hat when the ship struck, had spent tbe intervening hours in weeping for the dear ones they never expected to ehold again ; and not until the snn was fairly np, and the boy had cried himself to sleep, did she venture forth to see the devastation night and storm and pitiless men had to answer for. Far along the beach, away from the busy knots of wreckers, she found tbe White Woman lying to all appearance dead. A compassionate tear fell on the pale upturned face, and a word or two of pity dropped from the rongh fishwife's lips — in her own grief sympathetic. As she spoke, a pair of lovely bine eyes slowly unclosed and rested for an instant on her own inmate thanksgiving. With a cry of surprise, Maggy strove to loosen the bonds which held the frail form to the mast. In vain 1 loving hands had tied tbess too securely, and the wetted cordage would not yield. She had no knife. Rising to her feet she pat her hands to ber mouth aud sent a loud halloo across the sands for help. Again and again she called. Her call was disregarded. A large cask was being rolled over the grating shingles. At length an answer, prefaced by an oath, was shouted back. ' Mind thy own business, Maggy Blackburn, an' let th' woman be.' Bat Maggy, tender in the hoar of her own dreaded bereavement, stooped to whisper, in ears which might or might not be conscious, the nature of her errand ; and ignoring the belief that ill- lack follows the restoration of the ship wrecked to life, she sped along the sweep of sand to her own home for a knife, lest a churlish refusal might meet ber on the beach, where knives were in active use. Blackburn's cottage was mounted on a ledge of rock above the rest of tbe village and was less accessible, and, though Msggy was strong and swift of foot, swifter-footed Death ontran her. He had severed invisible cords, released the Btrnggling spirit It only remained for Maggy to release a stiffening corpse, bear it reverently beyond reach of the tide, and compose the dead limbs for bnrial, woefully wondering the whiie who wonld perform the like office for her Robert and his boys. Intent on her melancholy occupation, absorbed in her own anguish, she heeded not the noisy group near the Neb quar relling over their spoil, until a load < Halloo' arrested her attention. Turn ing round, she saw a yonng fisherman's hand pointing seawards, and some inst inct prompted her to fall on her knees with uplifted voioe and hands. She felt rather than knew the distant sail for their own. Robert Blackburn and bis sons were safe, thongh their boat had sustained some damage. They bad fouud a haven close at band on the first outbreak of tbe tempest. But what of the good ship that had gone to pieces on the Neb ? What the billows had spared tbe wreckers had industriously stowed away in secret caves and cellarage, till scarcely a spar remained afloat to tell tbe mourn ful story. And after the White Woman and the sailors washed, ashore were buried in the sands there was rejoicing and carousal. ' That was a lucky day for Slaith,' they said, as they sat rouDd fires supplied from the timber of tbe wreck ; 4 drowned folk were not likely to dispute possession of their harvest, and no man living had pnt in a claim.' And aB the ' last Incky day ' it was remembered and spoken of with regret as the winter nights drew in ; and of all the good ships lost on our northern coasts not one went ashore at Slairh that had not sailed from it No more lack of the kind came in their way. Even the fake of fish grew scanty and precarious ; and a rumour got about that a tall wo man in a long white clinging robe, whose head was mnffied in a black shawl, was sure to stand like a beacon on the utter most point of the Neb whenever a storm was brewing, and with the motion of her white arms in tbe air warn approaching vessels of their danger ; and that she had been seen to finger the nets as they hnng outside the buts to dry, when they wonld break like tow and let the fish es cape. Certainly the nets were always under repair, and the boats ; and when the weird white figure was seen on the Neb, like a wreath of mist or spray, there wonld he apprehensive whispers in the milage of the White Women of the Wreck, and a sense of ill-lock spread its gloom and discontent over Slaith. It made itself feltin envious antagonism to the Blackbnrns, who somehow seemed to prosper when others failed, and to be thriving better, without a share of the great wreck's cargo, than any of those whose cellars had been filled with her merchandise and stores. Silks had mil dewed, casks had leaked, and frnits had been damaged by the sea- water. Vnfliinre Iionrntrar coorVIMI fn Aivsuaug, uvnt.(v(, p" wrong with the Blackbnrns,' was said with a grumble, not only at the firesides, bnt openly to Maggy and Robert both j end they were so often twitted with being 'above their neighbours' in more than their dwelling, that as the ill-feeling spread, whilst the seasons went their round, the elder and the younger Black bnrns alike ceased to grnmble at the extra distance and ragged path to their abode, since it kept them apart from ill neigh bours. A year had almost gone by since the day of the great wreck, when Robert Blackburn lamed his foot stumbling over a coil of cable oh the beach, at the same time that his two upgrown eons ley ' tossing on their pillows in the burning I arms of fever. I A sad and anxious week, this, for I Maggy, watching her sick, with only Cuthbert, a lad of thirteen, to ran to and from the distant apothecary, hew her wood, or draw her water. His brothers had been three days in bed when he was sent in the early morn ing for water from the beck-spring. The village lay asleep at the foot of the rock ; the boats, which had not been ont over night, were banled np high on the beach — that beach which seemed to bave narrowed so considerably ; and a thick haze rested on the sightly heaving sea. Something of this crossed the boy's mind as he came down the hill with his pail, and noted tbe high water- mark left by the receding tide. Suddenly he beheld — as if she came ont of the very miBt — the White Woman of the Wreck glide over the sands and ahingle, and touch the stern of every boat as aha ntUMAil. until nnc nmisfimn tfiat. nf his father ; and then, with a sweep of her long arm towards the line of cottages, glide away silently as she came, leaving Cnthbert so dazed he could scarcely find words to tell his mother what be had seen. 4 Not a word to them inside !' she said, as she met him on the threshold. She too had seen the White Woman from her own door, and her heart Bank lest Betty Rae's ill- savoured words shonld be true, and their, own lack Indeed be on the turn. What if the omen should be to them, and her sons be taken from her t Private forebodings did not, however, stifle her goodwill to others. Cuthbert was despatched to the awakening village with the intelligence, and a word of ad vice for the men not to go to sea that day. Her messenger was greeted with iscrednlity and scorn. The Blackbnrns were not in favour, Maggy's motives were suspected, her story disbelieved. ' Are our wives to have empty creels because Maggy Blackburn's men-folk are laid by and canna work!' asked Peter Rae, the man who twelvemonths before had bade Maggy 4 Let the woman be !' Cathbert went back with a langh ringing in his ears, and a hint that his mother had picked a convenient time for ghost-seeing. Nevertheless her message had not been wholly thrown away, however much her motive might be suspected. There was an absence of ordinary alacrity in pre paring the boats for sea, and a disposition to talk rather than work. One old fisherman, with a weather-beaten face, whose name was Sanderson, declared that neither he nor bis sons wonld put ont to sea that day. 4 Better lose a take of fish than a' onr lives, an' there's no kenning what mischiefs afloat if th' White Womeu has been seen.' There was a sneer at the Sandersons. Nevertheless, one or two yonng fellows held back at the laBt, and a yawl or two sailed without the full compliment of. hands — the Uaes' for one. It was a memorable day for Slaith. When the sun reached its meridian, sea and sky were all aglow like molten gold, and the women on the shore, led by Betty Rae, laughed the stay-at-homes to scorn as they themselves went about their househeld ways panting with the un precedented heat. Maggy was thankful when a brer-ze came landward with the returning tide, and through the open door to fan tbe flashed cheeks of fever aud not she only. Bat with the breeze came a little cloud out of the distant wave, and deepened and darkened and spread as tbe breeze swelled and mounted to a gale, and the long rollers of tbe advanciug tide swept in on the Bhore, mounting higher aud higher, and breaking on the Neb as though trying their strength on the rock, and disputing its right to bar their pro gress. The Sandersons said they saw th White Woman on the shore waving her long arms and beckoning to the waves. Calling all bands to help, they drew their own coble and the Blackbnrns' higher and higher up the beach, now alive with frightened fishwives wading in the surf to secure cables and tackle, nets and creels, hitherto supposed to lie beyond the high est tide. Bnt on came the rushing water, on and on as the daylight went, on an on in tbe darkness of night, white-lipped and roarine. Then there was a sudden stir within the cottages, as the water crawled in at the open doors and pnt out fires on the hearth. A sudden stir, with glancing lanterns and flaring torches, to bear the infant and its cradle, the grandmother in her chair, and household goods anyhow up the rocky pathways to security a stir all too late and too hurried in the darkness to save all of life or property. The whole shore was invaded by the sea. Morning broke on desolation. Weep ing women and children up on the cliffs looked in vain for their homes down below. The village had been swept from the sands. The two cobels had held to their moor ings and were bnt little damaged ; of the picturesquely grouped cottages only ruins mingled with weeds and tangle were visible. No four walls were stand ing that were not, like the Blackbnrns', perched on the cliff There ran at list a shuddering re minder through the shelterless crowd that it was the anniversaiy of the "great wreck," as Betty Rae was missed from their mi 'st, and a bundle of blue and red that bad once been a woman was found amidst the debris of Rae's dwell ing. And. as hour after hour, and day after day went by, and never yawl or coble came back to tell the secrets of the. night or of the devastating storm, tbe homeless women, whose orphaned child ren clung wailing to their skirts, in their own agony envied the lot of Maggy Blackburn, whose men-folk were spared to her. And not a few remem bered that, of all the village, she alone had shown compassion towards the White Woman of the Wreck. Slaith — the original Slaith — was gone; homes and ' people : and the White Woman was seen no more by that gener ation. IL A new Slaith arose. Not immediately and not on the sands. In spring and antnmn tbe sea had possession of the old site at flood-tide. Of the bereaved families who had found refuge in holes and caves among the rocks, some wandered inland ; others, who had means or a man left, began to build cabins here and there ou tbe irregular hillside. Buxom or ener- guic widows attracted husbands from other stations on the coast There were marriages and intermarriages, notably between the Blackburns and the Sauder- sous. Even ltae's only surviving son (the one who had stayed ashore), having wherewith to purchase a new boat — secret spoil of the great wreck — had not far to seek a wife, who scouted the suggestion of ill-luck. The new village rose under other auspices. The patriarchs of Slaith would have no wreckers in their midst tbe awful visitation of the White Woman of the Wreck serving as a deter rent so long as an eye-witness remained to verify the story he handed down to , future generations. So long as Cuthbert Blackburn, tbe last survivor of the great storm, sat in the chimney nook, and related to his listening grandchildren how, with bis own yonng eyes, had seen the white woman with the black shawl cat away from the broken mast to be harried ; atirl llAtt a ttoov nftav An Ok Jam Ita karl w" « JVOI atvnif tU <U U<J) aiv beheld the shadowy form of the dead and hurried woman glide over the sands, Bhake a threatening band at the village, and touch the stem of every foredoomed boat ; the listening children would edge closer to each other, look fearfully aronnd, and hold their breaths with awe. And so long as the old man could totter about, with the wiud playing amongst his grey locks, never a Black burn or a Sanderson was known to bring other than a legitimate cargo ashore, although smuggling waB openly connived at by peopte of note and respectability on the coast and inland. Bat when the old grandfather was laid to rest, the White Woman might bave been laid to rest also. She had relapsed into the airy region of tradition, and, in the daily duties and anxieties of fishermen's lives, tbe very awe her name had inspired was fast dying onr. And no wonder. Seventy years bad almost rouDded their circuit since the sea made its obliterating inroad upon Slaith. Cuthbert's youngest grandchild, Hilda Sanderson, was a blooming maiden of eighteen — golden haired, fresh coloured, firm of foot, and round of limb — as ready to wade in the surf as a water nymph; and she carried on her shoulders the wicker fish creel, snspended by its strap across her forehead, with a grace peculiarly her own. Eighteen. And nine years had gone since she, her grandfather's pet, had, for the last time, wandered with him on the shore, and drnuk in his never-failing recited, as, with his stick, be pointed to the end of the Neb where tbe ship went down ; marked out, as on a map, every detail of tbe scenes he bad witnessed ; and cantioned her, as She hoped to pros per, never to form a friendship or have any dealings with a Baa Eighteen — and the youngest represen tative of the Rae's had come a wooiDg to her ! During his lifetime Cathbert Black burn's own children, in obedience to his behest, had held aloof from the Raes. But bis grandchildren had felt this interdict a hardship ; since avoidance of the Raes meant (to the lads at least) exclusion from companionship and from such sports and games as called for numbers, and of which one or other of the two Raes was almost sure to be the leader. Certainly Hilda's brothers had held out the right band of fellowship to Stephen Rae almostover her grandfather's grave, but surreptitiously, aud no one at home was the wiser. Hilda, seeing the lads together, put in a protest in memory of her grandfather, and their cousin, Robert Blackburn, set his face against the new friendship ; but all to no purpose. He himself had in time, to go with the stream or to be left in a minority. And even Hilda, when she grew old enough and strong enmmh to be spilt to the beck for water, was m>t sorry to find a stronger arm ready to carry the fall pail down the hill in her stead. Tbe Blackburns' cottage no longer looked down from an elevation on tbe village. Tt now stood with the Sander sons', almost in tbe front rank, with a sea wall as a protection at the edge of the rock On a higher level the Raes had built, and their footpath to tbe beech skirted the tumbling mountain stream ; and so 1 b tialllc duuui tuavj wtutuuu ucaigu j Stephen was so often at hand to do a service. That he proffered his services might be due to her pretty face ; that she accepted them might be set down as much to the careless, matter-of-fact, yet raasterfnl manner in which he had possessed him self of ber pail in the first instance, as to his black eyes and enrly head. He was five years her eenior, and the girl of fifteen, taken by surprise, submit ted with something akin to fear in her breast, following him down the steep path with an eerie misgiving of evil to come, and answering his few brief remarks with mere monosyllables. She scarcely said ' Thank you' as he set down tbe pail almost at her own door, and, withont waiting even for those curt thanks, proceeded on his way with a net over his shoulder, whistling as he weut. His shaddow darkened the cottage window as he stopped to set down the pail. 4 Who is that I' asked Maggie Sander son, looking up from her wash-tub. 4 Stephen Rae, mother,' she answered, half afraid of a rebuke: 4 And what brought thee with Ste phen Rae 1 Tby gronfeyther Blackburn wonld have given thee a word of a sort bad be seen tbee wf one o' them folk, for a they be better off than ourselves.' Hilda was conscious of this. 'I could not help it, mother. He took np the backet, and was on with it down the hill before I could get ont a word.' ' Weel, lass, it was but neighbourly ; j an' if thou didn't throw thyself in the I lad'e nrav t.fimi'rfc ainfln to blame.' And ! the energetic woman made the soap-mds fly as she rubbed away at a blue enern- sey, and went on saying : 4 Will and Cuddy say we fas' no right to cast up to Peter and Steve what their great gron feyther was, an' that thy groufey- ther's tale was half superstition, an' half prejudice, an' that its time old animosi ties died ont. May be it is. Me an' thy feytfaer bave talked" it over rnony a time ; an' though it did look like a judgment when old Peter was drowned' as his forbears were afore him, thy feyther said that, forbye a bit o' smug gling, nobody knew aught against him. An' it's noan Chriatian-like to tarn a cold shoaldsr to tbe lads, seeing they're so good to the poor mother, though they do come of a bad stock. But, surely lass, thou needn't still while I talk. You might have them potatoes peeled by this time, an' ready for the pot.' The bustling matron's reproof was not ill- timed. Hilda's knife "went round the roots somewhat mechanically and slowly. She was thinking more of her mother's speech than of her occupation.. It was a tolerant reversal of all preconceived notions and old beliefs — a doubt thrown on Grandfather Blackburn's theory of ill- luck as the White Woman's legacy to the Raes — a blow struck at the roots of pre judice and superstitious fear. She hurried over tbe potatoes ; set them to boil, and with them a dish of silvery fresh herrings, then carried the basket of newly-washed clothes to the beacb, and spread them out on a shingle to dry, strewing pebbles over them to keep them down. Bnt all the while her mother's speech w«w aaa uci uiiuuj ouu WUBCt|UCUtlj Stephen Rae ; a conjunction Maggy Sanderson bad scarcely contemplated. When next she, on her way from the spring, in her pink half-gown and bine woollen petticoat, was overtaken by Stephen, much of her eerie dread had disappeared, and something of girlish shyness, which kept her tongue-tied, had taken its place. Whatever her mood, if be "chanced to overtake her on the way from the spring, he was certain to possess himself of her pail, and carry it down the hill, no matter what other burden he might have, and he was seldom empty- handed. And he always stepped od briskly in advance, as if to show that, thongh willing to serve her, he had no desire to obtrude in the way of conversation. After a time she caught herself admiring tbe manliness of his bearing, the careless ease with whichhe bore the brimming pail down the ragged path, nor spilled a drop, thungh, it might be a cable or a net was slung across his shoulder ; and she was prone to contrast his black curls witb her brothers' red locks At such times she wonld take herself to task and resolve to avoid him as her dead grand father had enjoined. But she could neither shot "her eyes nor her ears, and she found herself looking and listening for his step, and when he was not there feeling a sense "of disappointment which made her angry with herself Her brothers had long rallied her on her sweetheart, heedless of her angry disclaimer, and her cousin, Robert Blackbnrn, had provoked her even to tears with his bitter tannts of barefaced impropriety in running after one of the Raes. But neither her brother nor Robert would accept Iter challenge to fetch water in her stead. - Robert tried it for a week or ten days, bnt be soon fonnd the task incompatible with his daily dnty. She was nearly seventeen before she would admit to herself that Stephen was more to ber than a friend, and quite seventeen before he claimed a higher privilege. He bad watched her step by step on her way to womanhood, noted ber modesty, her industry, and made himself sure of a place in her heart before he asked for it Nay, he might have waited longer still had he not seen Robert Blackburn haunting ber like a shadow, with all the facilities which cousinship aud adjoiniug dwellings could give. She had now to take her part with the women on the narrowed beacb in unloading and preparing tbe fish for market and the. curing-bouse : and as he saw red-baired Robert always at her side to lighten ber labours, and was conscious she had avoided hiin of late, he had a salutary remainder that he might dally a little too long," Accordingly he loitered on the path by tbe bench, and saw more than one damsel fill her pail and cast coquettish glances bis way ; but Hilda came not. He saw her busy on the beach, or leaning over the sea-wall in conversation with her brothers or Robert ; but she scarcely looked towards him, aud only nodded when he called to her. \- In fact, she was avoiding bim, fetch ing water when tbe boats were out or preparing to sail, haviug taken herself to task with a will. Stephen was not easily baffled. He bad gODe down to the shore in his sea- boots and sailing gear, and was helping Peter to make all trim about the yawl, with an eye on Sanderson's cottage, when he suddenly professed to bave left some thing at home, and eet off in a hurry, leaving Peter, the two meD, and the boy to get all right and tight withont him. He did not slacken Lis pace until he was fairly out of sight ; then he stepped along at leisure and, where practicable, on the soft turf Hilda was some paces in advance, toiling along in the hot snn with her empty pail as wearily as if it had been filled to tbe brim with lead. Tbe spring gushed cold and clear from the rock in a sheltered nook among heather and hart's- tongue fera, a few paces from the beck to which it was trib utary, and here Hilda seated herself on a stone in a drooping attitude, sighed heavily, and clasped her knees with both hands as if forgetful of her errand . A hand upon her shonlder made her start. She turned, aud met tbe gaze of Stephen with eyes that sank before the new light in his. ' Where have you hid yonrself, Hilda, tbe last fortnight 1 I had a fairing for you, and bad never a chance to offer it.' . ' I do not want a Hiring. I — I wonld rather not bave it,' faltered she, going alternately cold and hot, as he pulled a gay silk kerchief from his pocket and pro ceeded to tie it under her chin, saying as he did so, 'Yes, you do, and will give me a kiss for it' And holding her face he' ween his two band9, as if to look how her new head-gear became her, he lifted it np to meet the kiss he had ready for her lips. Her modesty took fright. Never be- fore had he by act or word overstepped the bounds of propriety. She straggled \- to free herself. - Ilis arm was around her, bnt the clasp was that of teuderness, not power. 4 Nay, Hilda,' said he, ' I bave bronght yon something more than a fairing. I have bronght yon a true heart and honest love, and I want yours in" return. And now, my lass, how is it to baY, Hilda was not a fine lady to "swoon in her lover's arms, bntsbehad been caught in a melancholy mood, and she certainly grew sick and dizzy, , half doubting her happiness, half dreading the evils her grandsire had prognosticated. She was, however, too honest to keep him very long in doubt, and had coyly given him back his kiss, when a load halloo farther down the beck reminded him that the tide was on the torn, and that Hilda's pail was still empty. Home went Hilda in a sort of dream, to be taken sharply to task for loitering ; bat Hilda's ears were impervious to sharp words since the magical sweetness of love had been breathed into them. It was not until the bright kerchief on her bead attracted her mother's eye that she was awakened from her trance of new delishb ' Where did thee get that thing 1' " There was not a colour in the silken square so brilliant as that which flushed her face as, with a sadden flash of recol lection, her . hand went np to her head. She had forgotten her adornment in thinking of the giver. There was no longer hope of conceal ment. 4 Steve Rae gave it me for a fairing,' she faltered. 4 An' what business had thon to take fairings from Steve Rae. Pull the thing off this minute. What wonld Robert aay if he saw thee wearing aught that had come through Steve's fingers J' ' It's naught to Robert what I wear,' jerked ont Hilda, conscious that her cou sin had assumed a right of dictatorship not conceded by herself ; bnt she removed the offending head-gear nevertheless. When the "boats came in the next morning with a great take of fish, the good wife was too busy to think of thy 'fairing.' And by the time Magge uauunwu unutuugus w vtxmbu wn tuna- ter to her good man, as he smoked hiB long pipe in the nook, their two sons were in Steve's confidence and prepared to do battle in hie behalf. It was not so tough a contest as Hilda had expected. Her father puffed away, asked for a sight of the handkerchief, turned it over, held it to the light, felt its texture, and with the air of a connoisseur decided 4 that were noan bonght at a fair, and it's never been smuggled in thy time or mine, Maggy.' 4 1 only hope he came by it honestly,' suggested Maggy, with an expressive jerk of the head. ' That I'm sare he did !' not in Hilda promptly, resenting the impeachment of her sweetheart. So am I,' supplemented Cuthbert. 4 Peter and Steve overhauled everything' when their father was drowned, and they came across lots of queer things stowed away in a sort of cellar in the rock, that had never seen daylight in their memory, or their mother's either — a monldy box of women's tackle amongst the rest. It fell to pieces as they moved it, the fasten ings were so eaten away with rust. They thought it had been in the water. I'll be bonnd the handkercher came ont o' that' 4 Mebbe so, Caddy. When I wore a lad, folks told qneer tales of the old Raes and what they had in biding-holes. But I've heard naught again the lads, though they do come of a bad crew. And as for Steve, if it were not for Robert Here both Cuddy and Will launched out in praise of Steve ; the end being- tacit permission for Hilda to retain pos session of her fairing, and to wear it openly with her best clothes on Sundays, greatly to the chagrin of Robert Black- barn, who counted over his savings with a rueful preception of their inadequacy to compete with Stephen Rae in way of love-gifts. Certainly a countess might have envied Hilda that Oriental kerchief worn by the fisher- maid in all simplicity, its valne to her being only estimable as a token of Stephen's love. Had she known whence it came, or by whom it had been worn, she would have cast it from her with a shudder. Bliss fully ignorant, she walked from church, with Stephen by her side, in a flutter of pride and joy, damped — but only for the moment — by the sight of Robert Black burn's mournful aspect as he leaned over the low parapet wall, looking drearily out to sea. 4 Happy the wooing that's not long a doing ! When's it to be, Hilda, lass % There's our Peter married, and bet — it's quite time thee and roe were spliced.' Steve was lyiug at full length, chest downwards, on the shingle, as be spoke ; his elbows buried in the smooth pebbles ; his upturned chin resting on his brown nalmo leva nvM fivnl An t"flA foMi of Hilda as she — the week's work over — leaned against the stern of a boat turned keel uppermost. ' I don't know,' answered Hilda irreso lutely. ' Mother says there's no room under Peter's roof for me. Two sons' wives and their mother on one hearth would make it too hot for the men.' 'Aye, aye, like enough. But there'd be room enough for thee and me on our own hearth, dearie. I know where there's a snug cottage to be had, so yon've only to say the word, and by the time the banns are out, there shall be a home ready for us. What dost say 1 Shall I- put up the banns next week V 4 Ask father. I don't mind,' replied Hilda shyly. 4 Do yon mind trying on these i You see, Hilda, when a fellow has made up his mind it's best to have everything ready,' and he held up a massive wedding ring and keeper, the latter of carious work manship, thongh neither was new. He had her hand in his clasp had slipped both rings npon her finger, and was raising himself to snatch a kiss,' when she suddenly started to her feet, with her eyes" fixed on the point of the Neb, and the startled, cry, 4 What's that 1' The evening shades had been deepening unheeded whilst they lingered on the beach, but there on the summit of the bleak promontory she beheld a shadowy shape which thrilled her soul with fear. ' What is that f she repeated in a whis per, pointing with her finger as she spoke. 4 What ? Where ?' questioned Stephen, in nerolexitv. 4 That figure on the Neb !' 4 T see nothing bnt the mist and spray. We'd best go in. Tbe wind's rising, and we're like to have a rongh night of it' A rongh night it was, bnt Stephen lanshed at her belief that she bad seen the white woman, and he eaid he knew the thing had never been, more than mist and foam and fancy ; he thonght she had had more sense than to believe old women's tales. His masterful manner kept her silent, but she could not conquer her impres sions ; and thongh she carried the two gold rings sown in her bodice, and loved him, if possible, with deeperandtfronger - affection, she pnt off the actual date of her marriage from time to time as if afraid to venture. Robert Blackburn had something to do with this. Never a stormy night came bnt he protested he saw the White Woman hovering about the Neb, but as 4 nothing came of it,' and no one else saw more than a wreath of mist, the village laughed him to scorn, until he held his peace and kept Ms previsions to himself: Yet neither Hilda Sanderson nor Hilda's mother joined the coarse mirth at bis expense. Steve had taken a pretty cottage, had fitted it up to receive his bride, not only with common appliances, but with one or two rare old things bronght from some secret hoard, a carved oak coffer among the rest ; had put up tbe banns and waited impatiently for ber to fix the day. And as she put it off and put it off from time to time, for no earthly reason bnt that she 4 was afraid,' he began to grow jeaious oi xtooert Blackburn and his influence. On Peter's marriage there had been some talk about having a new yawl bnfit ; and now it lay at its moorings on the beach ; the finest and largest craft that had ever belonged to Slaitb. In proof of good will, and the better to bring Hilda to reason, tbe Rae brothers offered to take the Sanderson brothers into partnership, an offer Cuddy and Willy were only to glad too accept, hav ing long aspired to something beyond their father's coble. Their generosity overpowered Hilda ; b&DUhfid; MAmrv'a Isuaf. nfiiar«li/in fVi a wedding-day was fixed ; they were to be married on Sunday. On the previous Thursday the yawl called the 4 United Brothers' was to make its trial trip, an extra man and boy completing the crew, with Peter as mas- ter. That morning early Hilda wakened with a sMver. She had dreamed that Stephen placed the wedding ring and its keeper on her finger, when the White Woman came between them and plocked it off There waB no more chance of sleep. The very moonlight streaming through her lattice seemed to mock her. For the first time the atmosphere of the narro w room seemed to stifle her. To breathe more freely and shake off her fears Bhe lifted the latch of the front door and stepped across the path to tbe sea wall. Was she still dreaming, or had her fancy conjured up a ghost to hannt her ? There in tbe pale moonlight the tall, ethereal form of a woman robed in white, with a hood or shawl of densest black, was slowly making the circuit of the ' United Brothers,' one shadowy hand gliding over the smooth surface of the hull. Too much appalled to scream, Hilda gasped for breath. Her head swam. She clntched the low wall for support. Another moment and the weird figure was gone. Back to her bed she crept, stunned and terrified. A sort of stupor bound her senses. Then she slept so heavily, that the shrill voice of her mother rebuking lazi ness could scarcely rouse her. Once awake, all tbeterrors of the night came back to her. Her first impulse was to seek her brothers and Steve, tell them all she had dreamed and seen, and ituplore them not to launch the new yawl that day. Her brothers listened and looked one at another in doubt Peter Rae frowned, and asked her how fishermen were to live and keep their families if they stayed ashore when their wives had bad dreams. He scouted tbe idea that it was anything more than a dream. Her appeal bad more effect on Steve to whom she clung in entreaty, though he,» too, held that she was the dupe of her own fancy. Her pale face and tearful eyes un nerved him. He was half inclined to bold back, and induce the others to put off the trial of the new boat until after the wedding. She saw her advantage, and to clinch her argument reminded him that Robert Blackburn had seen the White Woman, more than once. Jealous Steve set his teeth sternly. 4 Oh! Robert Blackbnrn! There, that's enough, my lass. I want none of Robert Blackburn's hand on our tiller ; and shall not wait his breath for a fair wind. You'd best go up to our house and have all nut to riehts for the wed- ding ; and remember you're mistress there till I come back — or, if I never come back.' He said this with his ordinary lightness ; drew from his pocket a carious necklet, with a heart- shaped locket, clasped it round her throat as a wedding gift, and with a hearty kiss said she was to wear it for his sake. But he wonld hear no more of keeping back the boat, either for Robert Black burn or the White Woman, whilst the tide was clear, and wind and tide in their favour. Wind and tide in their favour. The 'United Brothers' slipped her cable, set ber helm, spread her brown sails to the breeze, and with all her nets in readiness, breasted the dancing waves as if proud that tbe antipathies of generations were at an end, and she bore the proof. nina ana ziae in tneir tavoar. A. peaceful twilight. A promising night fall. Only a low mist creeping over the waters. Women and children eleeping calmly as the waves. What is that t The invisible hand of a hurricane shaking the windows and doors of Slaith. Billows battering and breaking over tbe sea-wall in foam. A blacker midnight never roused a population to wait iu fear and trembling for the morn. Aud there, ou the extreme point of the Neb, tbe only thing distinctly visible in tbe darkness, clearly outlined, stood tbe White Woman, slowly and majestically waving her arms as if in exaltation. \- Other eyes than Hilda's saw, other hearts than Hilda's sank with apprehen sion. The swift storm was over ; the turbu- lent wreck-strewn sea was at rest. One by one the fishing boats came home some laden, some empty ; all In sorry plight, and all late. All ? No, not all. Robert Blackburn had piloted old Sanderson's coble safely mid the rocks and shallows. But what of the 4 United Brothers ?' There was never a wedding day for Hilda. Brothers and betrothed had sailed together and sunk together, and with them had perished all her hopes. Gray-haired aa her own mother, she wept as she recalled, too late, her grand father Cuthbert's warning for all of his honest kit and kin to 4 steer clear of the Raes,' and bitterly reiterated that her 4 dream had indeed come true — the White Woman ha 1 torn ber wedding-ring from her finger !' 4 Aye, and wrecked the last of the Raes and those who dared to claim brotherhood with tbem,' cried Robert Blackbnrn remorselessly. 4 Yon knew the White woman's silent curse lay on those who let her die unaided, and the good ship go down with eveiy human soul for the sake of spoil. Yet yon suffered Steve Rae to adorn you with finely from tbe wreck, and bind you to himself with the rings his forbear Peter Kae cat trom tue aeaa woman s nngers. Yon did not know it % You knew that they were never honest gains, and tbe Raes were a bad lot. You bad better have been content with a poorer mate and a good name.' 4 1 Bhall never mate. Poor or rich, good or bad, I shall take no man's name,' said Hilda with a shudder. She kept her word, and, keeping it, lino Iranf alifffl fllA rlrpod nf tflA IVhitA Woman of the Wreck among the fisher- folk of Slaith. 