THE BAY OF SEVEN ISLANDS. The skipper sailed out of the harbormouth, Xiearing the apple-bloom of the South For the ice of the Eastern seas, In his fishing schooner Breeze. Handsome and brave and young was he, And the maidens of Newbury sighed to Bee His lessening white sail fall Under the sea's blue walL Through the Northern Golf and the misty screen Of the isles of Mingm and Madeleine, St. Paul's and Blanc Sablon, The little Breeze sailed on Backward and forward along the shore ?i~it ^nll3 A Till tXckorArkil* T »*»T%1*O di'W . And found at last her tray To the seren Islands Bay. The little hamlet, nestling below Great hills -white with lingering snow, With its tin-roofed chapel stood Half hid in the dwarf spruce wood ; Green-turfed flower-sown, the last outpost Of summer upon the dreary coast, With its gardens small and spare, ' Sad in the frosty air. Hard by where the skipper's schooner lay, A fisherman's cottage looked away Over isle and bay, and behind On mountains dim-defined. And there twin sisters, fair and young, Laughed with their stranger guest, and 6nng In their native tongue the lays Of the old Provencal days. Alike were they' save the faint outline Of a scar on Sozett's forehead fine ; And both, it so befell, Loved the heretic stranger well. Both were pleasant to look upon, But the heart of the skipper clare to one ; Though less by bis eye than heart He knew the twain apart. . Despite of alien race and creed, Well did liis wooing of Marguerite speed ; And the mother's wrath was vain As the sister's jealous pain. The shrill-tongued mistress her house forbade, ' And solemn warning was sternly said TOw 4-1* a 1v1«h1*- *-a1*aj3 «mai4- m-l*An*t Htn«4 As law the hamlet heard. But half by voice and half by signs The skipper said, ' A warm sun shines On the green banked Merrimac ; Wait, watch, till I come back. ' And_ when you see, from my mast head, The signal fly of a; kerchief red, My boat on the shore shall wait ; Come, when the night is late.' Ah ! weighed with childhood's haunts and friends, And all that the home sky overbends, Did ever young love' fail To turn the trembling scale ? Tinder the night, on the wet sea sands, Slowly unclasped their plighted hands : One to the cottage hearth, And one to his sailor's berth. What was it the patting lovers heard ? Nor leaf, nor ripple, nor wing of bird, But a listener's stealthy tread On the rock-moss, crisp and dead. He weighed his anchor, and fished once more By the black coast-line of Labrador ; And by love and the north wind driven, , Sailed back to the Islands Seven. In the sunset's glow the sisters twain Saw the Breeze come sailing in again ; Said Suzette, 'Mother dear, , The heretic's sail is here.' ' Go, Marguerite, to your room and hide ; Your door shall be bolted 1' the mother cried : While Suzette, ill at ease, Watched the red sign of the Breeze. At midnight, down to the waiting skiff She stole in the shadow of the clxff; And out of the Bay's mouth ran The Schooner with maid and man. And all night long, on a restless bed, Her prayers to the Virgin Marguerite said ; And thought of her lover's pain Waiting for her in vain. ' Did he pace the sands ? Did he pause to hear The sound of her light step drawing near ? And, as the slow hours passed, Would Be doubt her faith at last,? But when she?saw, through the misty pane, The morning break on- a sea of rain, * Could even her love avail To follow bis vanished sail ? Meantime the Breeze, with favoring wind, Left the ragged Moisic hills behind, And heard from an unseen shore The falls of Manitou roar. On the morrow'sjmorn, in the thick, gray weather They sat on the reeling deck together, Lover and counterfeit, Of hapless Marguerite. With a lover's hand, from her forehead fair He smoothed away her jet-black hair. 'What was it bis fond eyes met ? The Bear of the false Suzette! Fiercely he shouted : 'Bear away East by north for seven Isles Bay !' The maiden wept and prayed. But the ship her helm obeyed. Once more the Bay of the Isles they found : They heard the bell of the Chapel sound, And the chant of the dying sung 1 In the harsh, wild Tndikn tongue. A feeling of mystery, change, and awe Was in all they heard and all they saw : Spell-bound the hamlet lay In the hush of its lonely bay And when they came to the cottage door, The mother rose up from her weeping sore, And with angry gestures met fChe scared look of Suzette. *' Here is your daughter,' the skipper said : ' Give me the one I love instead.' But the woman sternlv spake : ' ' Go, see if the dead will wake !' He looked Her sweet face still and white And strange in the noonday taper light,' She lay on her little bed, With the cross at her feet and head. In a passion of grief the strong man bent Down to her face,-and, kissing it, went Back to the waiting Breeze, ? Back to the mournful seas. Never again to the Merrimac And Newbury's homes that bark came back. Whether her fate she met On the shores of Curvaquette . Miscou, or Tracadie, who can say? But even yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told the ghostly tale Of a weird, unspoken sail. In the pale, 6ad light of the ^Northern day Seen by the blanketed Hontagnals ; Of squaw, in her small kyack, Crossing the spectre's track. On the deck a maiden -wrings her hands : Her likeness kneels on the gray coast sands ; One in. her wild despair, And one in the trance of prayer. She flies before no earthly blast. With the red sign fluttering from her mast, . Over the solemn seas, The ghost of the schooner Breeze. —John Greeideaf WhiMier. 