VICTORIA AS SHE IS. "Oh, for a lodge in some vast solitude, Soma boundless contiguity of sliadr, Where rumor of oppression and deceit— Of unsuccessful or successful war— Might never reach me." Well might Cowper so aspirate had he lived in these times. " Latest from the. seat of war." *' Advance of Sir Garnet Wolseley. Strategic demonstration by Arabi. Firing heard in the direction of El Watulik. Reconnoissance in the Valley of Ebgabbloura." Then an animated controversy in the daily papers as to whether the ghost in Hamlet should wear " complete steel" all through, or change to a domestic dress varying from a " night gowne" to a suit of snuff color, with buckles and bagwig. Then we have the Football Association permanently sitting and discussing the various brutal asssault cases (common as blackberries) of the season—a sort of picaninny Parliament on football, inflicting fines, &c..; on various clubs. Then there's the pleasant, ever-recurring rumor of somebody having peculated in one or other of the Government departments, and the never- ending squabbles in the Kailways is thoroughly distracting, and makes one wish to retreat for a time to some community,the members of which leading lives of usefullness and peace would indeed be the consummation so devoutly to be longed for. Peace, peace at any price ! The indefatigable Peter Campbell seems to be one of those persons whom Swift described as " having just religion enough to make them hate, and not enough to make them love one another." He is now going for the Irish generally —and the Roman Catholics in particular. At Sandhurst he had an audience of 30, including 6 policemen and a number of reporters, and, accepting the lengthy report of his speech from the local journals, it was a tirade of foul abuse against Roman Catholicism, the Irish, and the Government, the most incendiary language being made use of, and it says much for the good sense of the community that the loyalist lecturer got away with whole bones, but apparently they treated the witless, flippant utterances with the contempt they deserve—the obvious intent to stir up discord and dissension in the community is, however, a rather serious matter, and it is questionable whether the law will not yet put a bridle on the licentious tongue of this person, would very respectfully commend to this agitator now entering on a dangerous career lines by M. Taine in reference to revolutions:—" The Press of the time (1791) shows the same passion for notoriety, the same exuberance of irresponsible garrulity, but teaches us that modern society is a vast and complex thing, the inference being that to needlessly disturb its working is a blunder as well as a crime." The inquiry into the alleged " borrowing money" from a publican by Superintendent Winch has resulted in Rowe, the publican, denying that he had lent the money (£2) to Mr. Winch—" it must have been a mistake and should have been Linch." On being questioned he said he thought Linch was "a miner, living at Sandhurst." Now, here we have a specimen of the liberality ofa publican who lends £2 to a man who he knows so little about that he only "thinks" he is a miner at Sandhurst. Mr. Rowe is really far less careful as a money lender than any I ordinarily meet with; but it is a singular fact that in the same book a debit of jQi was found against Sub-Inspector Larner (which he admitted), and we can only put it down as a strange coincidence; and what is still more singular is that Rowe and Winch knew one another in Castlemaine, both having a partiality for game iowls. I am inclined to believe more will be heard of it yet. A smart robbery was effected on board the R.M.S. Rome on Saturday. Mr. Tolson, a passenger, left in his cabin, his outfit, some jewellery, and a draft for ^500, and, returning, he found some thief had re- fitted himself —leaving his old clothes behind him— and had gone off in company with pretty much eveiything portable, inter alia the bank draft, which, being negotiable in London only, Mr. T. has " wired " to stop payment. The death is reported—in an American paper—of a giant, one Colonel Orr, who was 7ft. 8in. in height, and excellently proportioned. Although 'Kurnell," he was performing with a Lilliputian troupe in "Jack the Giant Killer," and I suppose now they'll have to run another piece, as without him, it would be " Hamlet without the Prince of Denmark." The Government do not see their way to interfere with the action of the publicans in " boycotting " the Federal Bank notes, and I am inclined to believe that it is pretty much a brufurn fttltnai after all, for I find that—at any rate some—publicans won't refuse to do business so long as the paper is negotiable. Football, as far as casualties are concerned, is looking up ; Saturday's play furnished a broken leg in one case, and a broken arm in the other. In the matter of defences, the Government have purchased the Gatling gun—exhibited at the Melbourne Exhibition—and sent it on board the Cerberus, so all fears of any possible invasion are now cast to the wind. The action of the Rev. Crawford in advocating attendance at theatres has •as might have been expected— brought down the fire of the unco-guid, and sermons full of fire and fury have been preached on the subject, and the 7th or 17th phial of wrath has been poured over Mr. — Crawford. For myself, while I admire the broad liberality of Mr. Crawford's views, I must think it would have been more judicious to have exercised a little more reticence in a matter in which he was by no means called upon to express an opinion. A very tidy fight is now to the fore, as all the nonconforming ministers will no doubt have a gird at the Church of England man. It now assumes a distinct heading: " The Church and the Stage." The recruiting for the Permanent Artillery Force does not appear to be a success—in the provinces, at least— Bendigo furnished nine applicants, of whom only three vr§rp accepted, while at Castleraaine ,only two offered, and one being below the standard height— 5ft. 8in.—was declined, and the other apparently " funked" on military service and did not roll up to be enrolled. A singular coincidence occurs in this case. The medical officer (Dr. Fulton) who attended to " pass" any recruits was, some few years since, a draper's assistant there (at Froome's shop) but dropped the scissors for the scalpel, and Horrock's calicoes for the pharmacopoeia, and is now one of the medical lights of Collins-street east Three hundred pounds sterling a-year, and "perquisites" do not go a-begging in Victoria, and there will he a tidy pcramhle at the next general election. E». gratia— One electoial district, that of Mandurang, will be "gone for" by 13 candidates for tb« three seats in Parliament, and no doubt other places will he in like proportion. It is said that Hansom, the inventor of the Hansom cab, sold the right of his invention—the patent—for £10,000 ; but he never got the money. Another instance of " handsome is that Hansom does! " The Sontlion Board has awarded £500 to Ninths, the man in whose house the girl Southon fell ill with small- pox; £400 to the Southons ; £200 each to mother and daughter, and £10 to the servant girl. Our border douaniers have lately Beized some buggies coming across the line of fiscal demarcation, and a line of £50 was inflicted; this was at Echuca, but I am credibly informed that is spite of all the watchful care of the customs or excise officers stationed at various parts of the river, the contrabandista still " run" large or small cargoes successfully, i.e. evasively of the duty. I observe that the ultra pious are getting alarmed at tlie spread of intelligent freethought, which some of these wrctched-fanatical-ignorant shoe shop deserters term "infidelity" and one preacher advocates 11 sort of general local preaching to meet the difficulty; and, really, when we find educated church men looking through the darkness of old time superstition, and advocating rational amusement, recreations, and pleasures of a legitimate character, in lieu of the traditional sackcloth and ashes, it does look as if we were likely to " change all tliut," and throw aside the cold, canting happiness-forbidding form of religion for a condition of enjoying morality and heartfelt reverence. At a celebration of a church anniversary the other evening (St. Silas, Albert Park) amongst tlie pleasantries of the evening— songs (secular and sacred)—was a 10 minutes lecture, " Two Worlds are Ours," and the auditoiy were agreeably surprised that it was not <; of the dismals dismal" but inculcative of how by the aid of "books and music" we might live " well" and happily, a very pretty and effective little homily. More of this kind of thing, and less of the maundering about "mis'rable sinners" will make— happier—better men and women. I shonld back one well conducted broad— viewed newspaper, against a whole crowd of blatant expounders of Scripture. I must give you a good illustration of this kind of thing and its sequential indecorous lewd controversy. A person in some little blind-gully con- venticle saw fit to select as a theme, " Remember Lot's wife,*' and incidentally set forth that the body only was transformed into salt, bnt that her soul remained intact —thereupon one of his auditory " wires into" the Rev. gentleman, accusing him of " false teaching," &c.; Now, I would not care how much these two worthies knocked one another " about the sconce " by letter, but the chances are that the ittention of the young will be directed to this story of Lot, with very questionable moral benefit. One of the members of the Sydney Legislature (Mr. Buchanan) has a notice on the paper " that the practice of conferring titles on persons in this country is inconsistent with democratic institutions and should be discontinued. 1 ' Well, in view of the tremendous increase, in titular distinctions amongst our colonial celebrities lately, I am with Mr. Buchanan, for really we shall all he Knights of St. Bubble and Squeak, or Companions of St. Biases, just as in America every other man is a " kurnel " or a " generel" ; we I think " slop over" about mnjors most till they are as plenty as blackberries. The fact of it is that although we, as the marchioness said, " make believe a good deal" that we are democratic, we " dearly love a lord" and the approaches to such aristocratic eminence. It is always pleasant to see taste made the handmaiden of utility, and an instance of this occurs to me in a very pretty piece of silversmith's work I have just seen in Collins-street—a tea Bervice, termed " eesthetic," made from emu eggs, pearled in silver, the handles being of the Grecian character, and even assuming such a costly little equipage, was but seldom used ; they are unique and tasty enough to make them valuable in the eyes or these who admire articles of taste and vertu. A cool thing in priggery comes to light in that liveliest spot of all the earth— Geelong. One of the (always) unemployed, named West, having annexed a coat, aold it to a dealer, and the said dealer having hung it outside of his hand- me down shop, Mr. West saw it, and went head foremost through the decalogue, coveted it, and stole it—re-stole it! Fate was against him, and—he is in gaol. At a meeting at Clifton the other night, to determine the route of one of our suburban railways, a Minister got into a fight, and tha Minister's son chipping in, the church militant became the church military for the time, and the rev. gentleman will exhibit tlie truths of the Gospel in connection with an ecchymosed eye, and a bulged nose. Air. Henry Maunder (Castlemaine) has been doing a smart bit of business, viz., opening as account with a Melbourne bank on a number of forged cheques on Castlemaine residents; the fraud, however, was quickly discovered, and the unfortunate man mil, in all probability, not have a chance of operating on his newlyopened account for a few years. Victoria is 00 tlie stump, flapping her wings, cock-a-doodle-doing largely over the lost cricket match victory. KELP. 