A FASHIONABLE BRIBE. The time appointed for the marriage cere mony in the church was 3 o'clock in the after noon. Borealis Brown, the bridegroom, and Aurora White, the bride, were in a close carriage 10 blocks away, at sis minutes before 3. “ We shall gat there right on time,” said he, looking'at his watch.; Now, it is dreadfully unfashionable to get to the church promptly,' and Aurora would have felt just like dropping through the floor, don’t you know) if ahe had walked up to' the aisle on time. "Don’t you think, my dear, it would be better to be ten mintites late,” said she leaning against him in a kind of harmless hug. \- “ No; I pride myself on punctuality.” “ Five minutes, then «” ‘ “ Now, my darling, don't coax." “ Just as you say.” She put her hand carelessly on his shoulder, and then let it drop slowly along down over his coat to a small pocket set in at the waist seam, where it lingered for a few seconds. *• You have the ring where you can find it readily ?” she remarked, lying placidly back in her seat. “ Thera is nothing so awkward as to fumble for tbe ring at the altar, you know.” “ Oh, I've made sure on that point, as I told you,” he said confidently. “ I slipped the ring right into this handy little pocket, where I— goad Lord in heavens 1" “ What, Borealis, what ?’’ " The ring is lost.” Ha thrust his fingers into the pocket madly, again and again; but the ring surely was not there. He made wild conjectures, felt in all his other pockets, and concluded he must have left it at Aurora's residence. He ordered the coachman to turn about. When they had gone back almost to tbe houae, a public clock struck three. “ W.hat is that ?” said, Aurora, pointing to the bottom of tbe carriage. ■The ring lay glittering in the corner, , 11 1 must have dropped it,” said Borealis, picking it up, " but I'll swear I looked in that very spot two minutes ago;” He had looked there, as a matter of fact, just before Aurora threw the ring doom. - .“ Well," he remarked, looking at his watch again, “you will have your way after all. We can’t get to church before ten minutes late anyhow.” ' "To besure.”. , . : -rAcute ..-presence of- mind is characteristic of brides. They may blush, but they know what they are about. ; Their eyes may be dim with tears, but they can see a misplaced thread in ■the dress. Two'blocks from the church Aurora expressed a fear that she was as pale as a ghost. . ■ . Say as fair as alabaster,”. Handsome sug gested. _ . “ ‘‘ Now, my dear," she retorted, " this is no time for compliments. Is there the leaat bit : of colour in my face ?” \- 11 Well, ho, but' ■ ” “ X must look ghastly.” “ Would you like to blush as you go in ?” “ Yes,” * He threw his arms arms around her, drew •her to his breast with the grip of a wrestler- B “d kissed her loud and long. He was through with it just as the carriage door was opened by an usher, and she walked' into church with a satisfactory amount of pink on her face. - ‘ While a_ landlady watched the empty trunk of a suspicious boarder at Jackson, Mich, be escaped with all bis extra wardrobe in’his pockets and high hat. She overhauled him at the railroad station, pulled off his hat and amussd the spectators by taking therefrom a a pair of socks and some collars, 