WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY SER VICES. The anniversary services of the Wesleyan Sabbath School were celebrated on Sunday last, when the Rev. R. Fitcher preached morning and evening to crowded congrega tions. In the morning the text was from Proverbs1 11 Train up a child in the way that he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.” In the evening the subject was from Job, “ Man dieth and wasteth away, yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?” In the former discourse, the preacher in a most effective manner, shewed parents the need of training up their children by precept, example and prayer, to tread the narrow way that leadeth to life, or by their natural proneness to evil, they would run the greatest risk of following the broad way that leadeth to destruction. In the evening the discourse hinged principally upon the facts, that as all men must die, it was wisdom to be prepared for that close of our probation. That where a man was while alive, gave a sufficient answer to the query, Where is he t If his desires and companion ships here were heavenwards and holy, then we might be sure he was there, but on the other hand, if the nature were ‘'carnal, sensual, devilish," then to meet companion ship he would be sure to go. The death scenes of the Rev. Mr Draper on board the London, when wrecked, and some others were depicted with graphic force, as leaving no doubt of their ultimate end, and in dark contra distinction, the close of some lives, " Christless, Godless, hopeless,” were des cribed, in which no gleam of light could be observed. An afternoon service was also held, when addresses were delivered by several gentlemen connected with the school. On Tuesday evening the schoolroom was beautifully decorated for the tea meeting, which was so largely attended that the supplies were scarcely adequate to the num bers. After tea, one of the most successful meetings ever held in Williamstown took place, the Rev. S. Williams in the chair, when songs, recitations, duets, concerted pieces, and music by the whole choir, followed each other in rapid succession, the length of the programme, prevents our giving a detailed notice. Many of the singers displayed great natural ability, good voices, and excellent training, for which special thanks were given to Mr Richardson. It would be invidious to notice one where all did so well, but perhaps the duet, •" Good night,” by the Misses Hunt, and the recitation, “ Mary Queen of Scots,” by Miss Smith, deserve more especial- notice The income of the school for last year, was over £60, and the results of the anniversary will reach nearly £40. 