TWICE BURIED ALIVE. A woman iu Snicarfe, Mason county, III., to all appearance, died. But a few weeks previous to this she had given birth to a child, and was anparently well, with the exception of a nursing sore mouth, from the effects of which she had grown quite weak ; so much so that her husband thought it was necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insist ing upon wailiug a few days longer, thinking she could manage the affection without the aid of a physician. Soon afterwards she very suddenly sank away, and to all appearances gave up the ghost. The body was kept till the next day, about 2 p.m., when it was enclosed in a coffin and taken to the graveyard, fol lowed by a great many mournful friends. In laying her ont her arms were tied together above tho elbows with a strip of cloth, bo that her hands would retain a natural position across her breast. At the grave some of her friends wished to view her remains, and the coffin was opened that they might do so. On re moving the lid over the glass they could not see through the moisture on it, and it was then seen that one of her hands had been torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were as limber as those of one alive. The circumstances bore upon the minds of several present, but still they could not en tertain any notion but that she was dead. Her hands were again placed in posiiion across her breast and relied with the same strip of cloth, and she was buried. After returning to their homes several of the parties who had noticed the singular ap pearance of the corpse commenced to talk it over, and they soon raised a doubt iu their minds that she was not dead. About 5 o'clock the same evening several went to the grave and took the body up. On opening the coffin they found freBh moisture on the glass of the coffin lid, and her hands were again broken from the strip of cloth that bound them, and they were both lying by her side, and instead of her limbs being in the least rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Notwith standing all this, they could not convince themselves but that she was dead, aud she was re-buried. The matter was gener ally discussed in the neighborhood, and by the following SnDday the excitement had grown so intense that it was decided to re-exhume her the following day. The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod for four days and nights, she was again resurrected aud taken to her home, where she has been slowly bat gradually improving. Her friends en tertain the strongest hopes -of her recovery, which, if she does, will be a remarkable occurrence, long to be re membered by the people of Snicarte. The way in which this affair was man aged was, to say the least, very singular. — American paper. 