Though the speakers at the Town Hall on Friday afternoon did not allude in so many words to the cancerous growth of corruption which has made the present Parliament stink in the nostrils of all honest and respectable people, it was only because they were kept from doing so by that sense of politeness which prevents a well bred company from noticing the cesspool that is seething and festering under their noses. There is a tacit agreement in polite society that certain nuisances should be borne in patience, which it would be a breach of good manners to refer to. As they had met together for the ostensible purpose of discussing the Railway accident, and the lessons of policy and administration that it has taught us, the citizens naturally shrank from vulgarising the subject by treating it in connection with disgusting and repulsive topics. But notwithstanding the appeal to their instincts of propriety, the temptation proved too strong for Sir Archibald Michie to pass over the extraordinary disclosures that have been made in relation to Mr. Bent's dealings with Mr. John Woods and his brake. If Mr. Woods's brake had not been in the field, and if Mr. Woods himself had not been a member of Parliament with a voice and a vote to give, it is morally certain that the trains which collided on the Hawthorn line would have been fitted with a continuous brake of some kind, and that there would have been no collision, no loss of life and limb, and no heavy tax upon tbe public purse to compensate the sufferers. After the costly experience furnished by the Jolimont accident, no Minister would have dared to neglect or ignore the directions of the Parliamentary Committee that inquired into its causes except under the pressure of some exceptionally strong and commanding motive. Mr. Bent says that he is no longer a shareholder in the Woods invention, but be cannot deny that he not so very long ago denounced Mr. Woods as "a rogue," and his brake as "a job," and that notwithstanding this he is now negotiating for its purchase, and is willing to recommend Parliament to buy it. If the brake is a job, and if in January, 1880, Mr. Woods was "roguing the colony," by seeking to palm it off on tbe Railway department, how is it that Mr. Bent is now on such excellent terms of amity with the jobber that he can always make sure of his vote whenever the Government wants it? How came Mr. Bent to change his opinion about the rogue! And how is it that Mr. Woods, though a Liberal and sitting in Opposition, is the stanchest supporter that Mr. Bent has in the House? This is a mystery that a House with a particle of moral sense about it would not leave uuexplained for a moment longer than it would take to institute a rigid inquiry into it. An Assembly which was not utterly indifferent about the good opinion of tbe community would see at a glance tbe suspicious circumstances with which tbe affair is surrounded, and would feel tbe terrible responsibility of leaving the public to suffer the consequences of its neglect. It would argue that Mr. Bent had no right to barter away the lives and limbs of his follow creatures in return for the support of any politician under heaven ; and if it can be shown that tbe late accident might have been avoided by the use of the brake or the block system recommended by the Jolimont Committee, it would pronounce him guilty of criminal negligence, and send him to clear his character before the coroner's jury. But this is not the only mystery that hangs like a cloud over the reputation of the Assembly. We do not expect that it will take any notice of the paradoxical relations between Mr. Bent and Mr. Woods, because its own career has been a moral paradox from beginning to end. Why should it trouble its conscience over his sudden change of front to his friends or his foes, when it accepted his wholesale bribery bill without a single murmur? Is not Mr. Francis a highly respectable member of society, of honorable, repute, and credited with the principles of his class, and with sufficient independence of character to carry them out in the face of all temptations to the contrary; and. did not Mr. Francis vote for the said bill almost in tbe same breath that he described it as a bill for purchasing the support of his fellow members? Still later, when the Loan Bill was before the House, did not this same Mr. Francis publicly declare that he did not believe in it ; that tho credit of the country was imperilled by it; but that he nevertheless he would help to pass it rather than that the seats of tbe Government should be endangered by his resistance? If so prim and precise a politician can say and do these things without offence to bis conscience, why should " rogues " like Mr. Woods entertain any qualms? We do not know what answer Mr. Francis himself would give to the question ; but of the assist ance that he lias lent to the cause of corruption in the present Parliament by his example we have not the slightest doubt. The tone of a company is set by the best men in it. If they have a low moral standard, the general tone will be low. When Mr. Francis deliberately placed expe diency above principle, lie invited every man of inferior nature about him to do the same. If, instead of putting his private convictions in his pocket, he had resolutely refused to have anything to do with tbe bribers, and bad urged upon the honest men on both sides of the House to rescue its character out of the destroying clutch of Mr. Bent and his colleagues, not only would the attempt to debauch it on that par ticular occasion have failed, but there would have been no further attempts to play fast and loose with its moral seuse. The other chamber would have been spared the necessity of doing the As sembly's business for it ; and it is just possible that- Mr. Bent, seeing that he could no longer trifle with his respon sibilities, would have set to work to carry out the instructions of the Jolimont Committee without consulting Mr. Woods's pleasure or interest. Unfor tunately, other counsels prevailed. Mr. Francishad his privatepiques andgrudges to satisfy ; and by his example be opened tbe floodgates of corruption, and lowered tbe Assembly in public estimation to the moral and social level of that infamous class of pawn shops in which goods are bought and no ques tions are asked. Suck is the contagious effect of the general apathy and indif ference to appearances that even osten sible Liberals like Mr. A. T. Clark, Mr. Fisher and Mr. Macgregor put their reputation in pledge and openly vote against their principles and their party day after day without the ghost of an excuse that tho public can divine, except it bo that Mr. Bent's secret influences have been at work, and have proved too much for them. If they have a direct per sonal interest in maintaining that gentle man in his office at Spencer-street, they have so far been more fortunate than Mr. Woods in being able to keep it dark. In conclusion, we commend the con duct of the suspects, not only to their constituencies, but to the closo and anxious scrutiny of tho whole com munity. For there is uot an adult in it, whether Liberal or Conservative, who is not deeply interested in having a pure, honest, and independent Assembly. At this particular juncture, when so much weight and influence has been given to the Council by the Reform Bill, it is more than ever important that what the Council gaius the Assembly should not voluntarily part with. There are wise men who say that patronage is the rock on -which Democracy must eventually split ; and a Government which openly brings in bribery bills, and traffics in land, and railway brakes, and gravel pits and such like, is doing its best to hasten on the catastrophe. Such a Government is as dangerous to public liberty as tbe veriest tyranny that ever was set up, because it can afford, for a time at least, to set public opinion at defiance. It is dangerous to the morality of tbe commu nity, bccauso it leads men to bocome lucre trading politicians, to sot up a low standard of public life, to look with indulgence upon tho laxest surrender of principlo, and to find ready ox- enses for acquiescing in tho most nefa rious jobs, even though they involvo tho waste of public money, and the slaughter of meu, women and children. It is a grivous mistako to suppose that a weak and votial Government cannot do as much mischief as one that depends for its existence upon an iron hand and an iron will. Wo have had a Government of the latter sort in Victoria, and while it lasted representative institutions were virtually suspended. But at no time was the Assembly in tho .bauds of Sir James M'Culloch and his " gaggers " ever so thoroughly an object of public con tempt as Sir Bryan O'Loghlon and his " jobbers " have made it. We know what became of the gaggers when the people got hold of them, aud we can not conceive a worse misfortune than that the jobbers should escape with an easier fate. What all honest men of all denominations should insist is that Par liament should be dissolved at once, before they have time to do any more mischief. The frieuds of Mr. Bent are playing their own little game by keeping his Government in power. Mr. Francis's conduct proves clearly enough what their object is. They have not the slightest objection to tbe country being plundered, so long as the plun derers are of correct principles. One of the very few measures which have been passed by the Assembly dur ing the present session is that for legal ising trades' unions. Under the common law of England these associations were of questionable legality, inasmuch, it was argued, as they were in restraint of trade ; and although it might have been impossible to induce any jury to convict a defendant of conspiracy, simply be cause be was a member of a trade union, yet these bodies suffered in many re spects from tbe fact that they were in a certain manner outside the law. It was very doubtful whether they could hold property, whether they could enforce contracts ; and upon several occasions absconding and defaulting treasurers, secretaries and committeemen were enabled to evade punishment on account of the doubtful legal position of the society which they had plundered. Of course nothing could be more unjust or absurd tbau to placo the unions of workmen for tbe purpose of conserving their trade interests in an exceptional position. A society of. carpenters , or engineers, formed partly to enable its members to ' make a provision against tbe effects of illness and old age, and partly to prevent em ployers from improperly reducing wages, lengthening the hours of labor, or flooding the market with apprentices, is in exactly the same position as an as sociation of employers to protect them selves from the demands of their work men, of a medical society which denounces unprofessional conduct, including small fees, on the part of physicians . and sur geons, or an Inn of Court which would probably disbar a barrister who took his honorarium without the intervention of an attorney. The trades' unions of the nineteenth century differ iu form rather than in spirit from the guilds and companies of the middle ages ; and in the course of a few generations, when the Amalgamated Society of Engineers becomes as wealthy and important as the Goldsmiths' or the Fishmongers' Com pany, the world will see noble lords and right honorable gentlemen as proud of becoming engineers as they aro at the present day of obtaining the freedom of the goldsmiths, the fishmongers or the merchant tailors. The only thing against trades' unions was that they were un fashionable. Their abuses were dwelt upon by novelists and politicians, but not a word was said about their many uses, aud a large number of the middle and upper classes formed their opinions about these most inoffeusive bodies from what they read in the pages of Sybil and in the evidence taken before the Sheffield committee. But of late years the object of trade unions has been better understood, and an Act has passed the Imperial Parlia ment which places them in exactly the same position as other friendly societies, by enabling them to sue and be sued, to acquire property, to appoint trustees, and to exercise some sort of discipline over their officers and members. And above all the Act declares in one clause that " the purpose of any trade union " shall not by reason merely that they are " in restraint of trade be deemed to be " unlawfulso as to render any member of " such trade union liable to criminal " prosecution for conspiracy or otherwise. " Another clause enacts " that the pur- " poses of any trade union shall not by " reason merely that they are in restraint " of trade be unlawful so as to render " void or voidable any agreement of trust." The new English law is so reasonable that no valid argument can be advanced against its provisions being extended to Victoria. A bill which is as nearly as possible a transcript was introduced into the Assembly in the early part of the session by Mr. Richardson, Mr. Munro and Mr. W. Collard Smith, aud has been passed through all its stages with little or no opposition from any section of the House. An attempt has, however, been made in the Council, not to defeat tbe measure, but . to introduce penal clauses which have nothing what ever to do with the object of the bill. Dr. Hearn appears to think the present a favorable opportunity for ventilating a portion of his penal code, and he has accordingly given notice of his intention to intro duce in committee three sections, one of which would make an unlawful act done in restraint of trade a misdemeanor, punishable on summary conviction by three months' imprisonment, while the second would inflict a similar penalty upon men employed upon railways, or in gas and waterworks, who leave their employment under circumstances which " either endangc-r human life, " cause serious bodily injury, or " expose valuable property to destruc- " tion or serious injur'." Another por- tiou of the same section would make what is termed during strikes "picket- " ing" a punishable offence. Now, our objections to the course j>rp- posed'by Dn lleurn are twofold. In the first place, the practice of including in a bill matters utterly foreign to its scope and intention is most objectionable. The penal code prepared by the. learned professor should be discussed on its merits. No portion sbonld be enacted by a side wind. The object of codifying the criminal law is that it may all be found within the limits of a single Act of Parliament. This purpose will bB entirely defeated if clauses im posing punishments aud penalties are to be found scattered amongst tbe pro visions of scores of statutes. The action which Dr. Hcarn .proposes would doprive his pcuai code of all its usefulness, since if his example were generally followed, aud the punish ment for outrages committed during strikes were mixed up with the law , legalising aud regulating trades' unions, the same system might be extended, and codification thereby rendered useless. But our antagonism to the new clauses is not merely that they are introduced in opportunely. They are unnecessary and improper. The present law is quite strong enough to protect the public against any improper conduct on the part of workmen. Indeed, the Masters and Servants Act of this colony is so severe in some of its provisions that we wonder they we're not .modified mauy years ago, since' they are 'rather applicable to a community of convicts than of free men and free women. The laws against workmen should be ren dered less stringent and not more so. It is undoubtedly wrong and improper for a workman to leave his work unfinished, or for a nurse to throw up her situation sit an inconvenient moment — a railway porter whose neglect . of duty caused injury to life or limb ' could, under tbe existing law, be punished criminally. But is it worse for a workman or a workwoman to leave his or her employer without proper warning than for a master to turn his servant out of his house at a moment's notice, quite heedless as to whether he or she could obtain shelter for the night? And there is no more necessity for invoking the aid of the criminal law in the one case than in tho other. The strike of the Lon don cabmen exposed a population of 4,000,000 persons to considerable in convenience ; tbe recent action of the ' Sydney lumpers has proved most disas trous to the shipping trade of that port ; and the effectsof the-sJtikeof the Sydney sailors against the introduction of China men into the A. S. N. steamers must be fresh in tho recollection of everybody. But no person doubts that the men had tbe right to do what they did, al though the policy of their acts is open to question. They were free ' agents, to work or not to work as they chose; just as a doctor is not compelled to prescribe for a patient, .even although the life of the latter may be imperilled by his refusal. The present law goes quite far enough, if not too far; an 4 we certainly object to any special legislation being directed against breach of con tract on the part of . workmen which is not extended to their employers. If a civil remedy is sufficient in the one case, it seems harsh and unnecessary to threaten the unfortunate workman and servant with fine and imprisonment, especially since the justices who would have to administer the law are recruited exclusively from the ranks of the em ployers. 