A Story—Tlie Signal- Man. (Concluded from our issue of December 23.) (BY CHARLES DICKENS.) A DISAGREEABLE shudder crept over me, but I did my best against it. It was not to be denied, I rejoined, that this was a remarkable coincidence, calculated deeply to impress his mind. But it was unquestionable that remarkable coincidences did continually occur, and they must be taken into account in dealing with such a subject. Though to be sure I must admit, I added (for I thought I saw that he was going to bring the objection to bear upon me), men of common sense did not allow much for coincidences in making the ordinal* calculations of life. He again begged to remark that he had not finished. I again begged his pardon for being betrayed into interruptions. "This," he said, again laying his hand upon my arm, and glancing over his shoulder with hollow eyes, " was just a. year ago. Six or seven months passed, and I had recovered from the surprise and shock, when, one morning, as the day was breaking, I, standing at the door, looked towards the red light, and saw the spectre again." He stopped, with a fixed look at me. " Did it crv out ?" " No. It w'as silent," " Did it wave its arm ?" "No. It leaned against the shaft of the light, with both hands before the face. Like this." Once more I followed his action with m\\- eyes. It Avas an action of mourning. I have seen such an attitude in stone figures 011 tombs. " Did you go up to it ?" " I came in and sat down, partly to collect my thoughts, partly because it had tunnel m'e faint. When 1 went to the door again, daylight was above me, and the ghost was gone." " But nothing followed ? Nothing came of this?" He touched me on the arm with his forefinger twice or thrice, giving a ghastly nod each time:— " That very day, as a train came out of the tunnel, I noticed, at a carriage window O11 my side, what looked like a confusion of hands and heads, and something waved. I saw it just in time to signal the driver, Stop ! He shut off, and put his break on, but the train drifted past here a hundred and fifty vards or more. I ran after it. and, as I went aloim - , heard terrible screams and cries. A beautiful young lady had died instantaneously in one of the compartments, and was brought in here, and laid down on this floor between us." Involuntarily I pushed my chair bank, as I looked from the boards at which he pointed to himself. "True, sir. True. Precisely as it happened, so I toll it you." I could think of nothing to sav, to any purpose, and my mouth was very dry. The wind and the wires took up the story with a long lamenting wail. He resumed. " Now, sir, mark this, and judge how my mind is troubled. The spectre camo back a week ago. Ever since,^ it has been there, now and again, by fits and starts." " At the light- ?" " At the Danger light." " What does it seem to do ?" He repeated, if possible with increased passion and vehemence, that former gesticulation of, " For God's sake, clear the way!" Then he went 011. " I have 110 peace or rest for it. It calls to me, for many minutes together, in an agonised manner,' below there ! Look out! Look out!' It stands waving to me. It rings my little bell—" I caught at that. " Did it ring your hell yesterday evening when I w T as here, and you went to the door ?" "Twice." " Why, see," said I, "how your imagination misleads you. My eyes were on the bell, and my ears were open to the bell, and if I am a living man, it did NOT ring at those times. No, nor at any other time, except when it .was rung in the natural course of physical things by the station with you." He shook his head. " I have never made a mistake as to that yet, sir. I have never confused the spectre's ring with the man's. The ghost's ring is a strange vibration in the bell that it derives from nothing else, and I have not asserted that the bell stirs to the eye, I don't wonder thqt you failed to hear it. But / heard it." And did the spectre seem to be there, when you looked out'?" " It was there." "Both times?" He repeated firmly: " Both times." " Will you come to the door with me, and look for it now?" He bit his under lip as though he were somewhat unwilling, but arose. I opened the door, and stood on the step, while he stood in the doorway. There was the Danger-light. There was the dismal mouth of the tunnel. There were the high, wet stone walls of the cutting. There were the stars above them. " Do you see it?" I asked him, taking particular note of his face. His eves were prominent and strained, but not very much more so, perhaps, than my own had been when I had directed them earnestly tow T ards the same spot. " No," lie answered. It is not there." " Agreed," said I. AVe w T ent in again, shut the door, and resumed, our seats. I was thinking howbest to improve this advantage, if it might be called one, when he took up the conversation in such a matter-of- course way, so assuming that there could be 110 serious* question of fact between us, that I felt myself placed in the weakest of positions. " By this time you will fully understand, sir," he said, "that what troubles me so dreadfully is the question, What does the spectre mean ?" I was not sure, I told him. that I did fully understand. " What is its warning against?" he said, ruminating, with his eyes 011 the fire, and only by times turning them 0111110. " What is the danger?' Where is the danger? There is danger overhanging s imewhere on the Line. Some dreadful calamity will happen. It is not to be doubted this third time, after what has gone before. But surelv this is a cruel haunting of me. What can / do ?" He pulled out his hankorchief, and wiped the drops from his heated forehead. " If 1 telegraph Danger, 011 either side of me, or 011 both. I can give no reason for it," he went on, wiping the palms of his hands. " I should get into trouble, and do no good. They would think I was mad. This is the way" it would work,—Message : ' Danger! Take care!' Answer: ' W T hat Danger? Where ?' Message: 4 Don't know. But, for Grod's sake, take care!' They would displace me. What else could they do ?" His pain of mind was most pitiable to see. It was the mental torture of a conscientious man. oppressed beyond endurance by an unintelligible responsibility involving life. " When it first stood under the Dangerlight," he went on, putting his dark hair ba.uk from his head, and drawing his hands outward across and across his temples in an extremity of feverish distress, " why not tell me where that accident was to happen, —if it must happen ? Why not tellnie how it could be averted,—if it could have been averted ? When on its second coming it hid its face, why not tell me, instead, ' She is going to die. Let them keep her at home' ? If it came, 011 tho.se two occasions, only to show me that its warnings were true, and so to prepare me for the third, why not warn me plainly now? Audi, Lord help me ! A mere poor signal- man 011 this solitary station! Why not go to somebody with credit to be believed, and power to act?" When I saw him in this state, I saw- that for the poor man's sake, as well as for the public safety, what I had to do for the time was to compose his mind. Therefore, setting aside all question of reality or unreality between us, I represented to him that whoever thoroughly discharged his duty must do well, and that at least it wss his comfort that he understood his duty, though he did not understand these confounding Appearances. In this effort. I succeeded far better than in the attempt to reason him out of his conviction. He became calm; the occupations incidental to his post as the night advanced began to make larger demands on his attention: and I left him at two in the morning. I had offered to stay through the night, but he would not hear of it, That I more than once looked back at the red light as I ascended the pathway, that I did not like? the red light, and that I should ha.e slept but poorly if my bed had been under it, I see 110 reason to conceal. Nor did I like the two sequences of the accident and tho dead girl. I see no reason to conceal either. But what ran most in 1113' thoughts was the consideratian how (night I to act, having become the recipient of this disclosure ? I had proved the man io bo intelligent, vigilant, painstaking, and exact; but how long might he remain so, in his state of mind ? Though in a subordinate position, still lie held a most important trust, and would I (for instance) like to stake my own life 011 the chances of his continuing to execute it witli precision ? Unable to overcome a feeling that there would be something treacherous in my communicating what he had told me to his superiors in the Company, without first being piain with himself and proposing a middle course to him, I ultimately resolved to offer to accompany him (otherwise keeping his secret for the present) to the wisest, medical practitioner we could hear of in those parts, and to take his opinion. A change in his time of duty would eomo round next night, he had apprised me, ami he would be off an hour or two after sunrise, and on again soon after sunset. I had appointed to retnrn accordingly. Next evening was a lovely evening, and I walked out early to enjoy it. The sun was not yet quite down when I traversed tho field-path near the top of tho deep cutting. 1 would extend my walk for an hour, I said to myself, half an hour on and half an hour back, and it would then bo time to go to my signal-man's box. Before pursuing my stroll, I stepped to tho brink, and mechanically looked down, from the point from which I had first seen him. I cannot describe the thrill that seized upon me, when, close at the mouth of the tunnel, I saw the appearance of a man, with his left sleeve across his eyes, passionately waving his right arm. The nameless horror that oppressed mo passed in a moment, for in a moment I sawthat this appearance of a man w r as a man indeed, and that there was a little group of other men, standing at a short distance, to whom he seemed to be rehearsing the gesture he made. The Danger-light was not yet lighted. Against its shaft, a little low hut, entirely new to me, had been made of some wooden supports and tarpaulin. It looked 110 bigger than a bed. " What is the matter ?" I asked the men. "Signal-man killed this morning, sir." " Not the man belonging to that box?" " Yes, sir." "Not the man I know?" " You will recognise him, sir, if you new- him," said the man who spoke for tho others, solemnly uncovering his own head, and raising an end of the tarpaulin, " for his face is quite composed." " 0, how-did this happen, how did this happen?" I askod, turning from one to another as the hut closed in again. " He was cut downi by an eujine, sir. No man in England knew his work better. But somehow he was not clear of the outer rail. It yvas just at broad day. Ho had struck the light, and had the lamp in his hand. As the engine came out of the tunnel, his back was towards her, and sho cut him down. That man drove her, and was showing how it happened. Show tho gentleman, Tom." The man, who wore a rough dark dress, stepped back to- his former place at tho mouth of the tunnel. " Coming round tho curve in tho tunnel, sir," he said, "I saw him at tho end, like as if I saw liini down a perspective-glass. There was 110 time to check speed, and J. knew him to bo very careful. As he didn't seem to take heed of the wliistl^, 1 shut it off when we were running down upon him, and called to him as loud as I could call." " What, did you say ?" " I said, ' below there! Look out.! Look out! For God's sake, clear the way !' " 1 started. "Ah! it was a dreadful time, sir. I never loft off calling to him. 1 put this arm before my eyes not to see, 'and I waved this arm to the last; but I was 110 use." Without prolonging tlie narrative to dwell 011 any one of its curious circumstances more than 011 an}- other, I may, in closing it, point out tho coincidence that the warning of the Engine-Driver included, not only the words which the unfortunate Signal-man had repeated to me as haunting him, hut also the words which I myself— not he—had attached, and that only in my own mind, to the gesticulation he had imitated. 