; ... STEPHEN: THE DEACON AND MAETTB. BY THN BB V. H. P. LIDDON, D.D. | ; í i » « And when he had said this, he.foll asleep." ACTS vii., 60. * ; .Tilia was the dose of tho last scene in a brief but ' íjreat oareer. Stoyhon, the iirst of Christian deacons I ' -the first of Christian martyrs-had Raid his last I '.word-had heaved his last sigh-and, as far aa this .world waa concerned, all was ovor. He fell aslpop. .'Death, which oannever, for any human boing, bel ...meaningless, was in his caso uiarkod by the highest j . significance, for as ho breathed his last, outside tho j walls of Jerusalem, ho, first among tho worshippers 'of Christ, completed tho now ideal of lifo whioh our 'Lord had given to tho world. " Ho foll asloop." It . ' was, I say, a solemn and triumphant moruont, not for ? himself only, but for his associates and his country- ' jfor tho futuro of the ohurch of God. j Lot us recall what tho author of tho Acts of tho ? Apostles tolla us about him. Stephen was originally « o Hoilonistio Jow. Of his conversion to the faith of Christ wo know nothing. Ho is first mentionod whon 1 ho is chosen as ono of tho seven deaeons. Tho church of Jerusalem, you will remember, in tho earliost apos- | tolio ago, liad a common fund into which, at their con- | ; Torsion, all ita members throw their porsonul property ?fl: and out of which aU wore supported according to ! ¿their several needs. Tho administration of this fund j . must havo come to a very Horious and complicated -business, oven within a few months from its first osta- ' Ihlishraent ; and, as the higher ministries of tho! " church wore founded, not with a view to carrying on . an engrossing work of this kind, but for tho eonver 'eion and sanctification of souls, it was natural that, .with the many calls upon their time which the apostlos . »had to.meet, the finaiiue and rosourc03 of tho church ; should occasionally fall into confusion. And BO it ?was that before many months had passod thoro arose ¿» murmuring of tho Grecians against tho Hebrews-? ^hat is to say of tho Holloniatio against tho Jowish Tcpnvorts to Christianity-becauso their widows wore ^neglected in tho daily ministration. Probably those widows or their friends may have boon somewhat ex acting ; but tho apostles felt that thoir time ought not to bo spont on dobaiL? of this kind. Tho twolvo .they were all of them still in Jerusalem-tho twolvo assoinblod tho wholo body of tho faithful and desired thom to elect sovon mou of honest report, full of tho "Holy Ghost and of wisdom, to bo entrusted as .deacons with tho Buporintendonco of tho funds and charities of tho ohuroh ¡ soven persons wore accord ingly chosen, and, at thoir hoad, Stephen, described . as a man full of faith and of tho Holy Ghost. Theso i seven woro ordainod by tho laying on of tho apostles' hands just as deacons are ordained in tho Christian church at this hour ; and tho consequence of this now '?i appointment was that the number of disciplos multi ?.pliod in Jerusalem greatly, and a great company of 'tHo Jewish priests wer o obedient to tho faith. ? Of St. Stephen's exertions in the organisation and ' direction of tho public charity wo hear nothing, although we must suppose that this part of Ids duty was not negleotod. Wo aro told that Stophen, full . of faith .and powor, did great wonders and miracles among tho peoplo. No details aro given, but tho fact ,-must not be lost sight of in our estimate of tho causes .?'?"of his success. His iirat scone of labour seems to havo boen in "tho synagogue," or rather group of syna gogues, " of tho Libortines and Cyrenians and Alex andrians, and of thom of Cilioia and of Asia." It was vamong these Jews from abroad that Stophon opened .what, in modern language, wo should call a mission. He had moro pointa of oontact with theso men of Grcok speech and habits and thought than had tho v twolvo. Ho engaged in a scries of public disputa ; tiona, and although ho was almost unbofriended, .and represented a vory unpopular cause, his oppo nents, we aro told, wore not able to resist tho spirit and tho wisdom with -which hs spake. As has often ;.'hoon the case since, what could not bo dono by argu ment thoy thought thoy might do by denunciation L and clamour ; and by getting soma fatso witnesses to ' ewoar that in their hearing Stephen had spoken ; blasphemous words against Moses and against God, -they combined against him tho jealousy of tho upper . classes and tho projudicos of tho lower, aud they brought him to trial for blasphemy beforo tho great ; Jewish court, tho Sanhodrim. , Brothron, overy one of us, probably, if wo only know it, has some ono work which God means us es , pecially to do boforo wo dio. What that work is we ' do not know at tho timo. Wo cannot, each ono of us, ' for himself, Bee our lire» spread out like a map, so as . to discorn tho relative importance of their soveral in cidents. But if wo could seo things as God sees them . wo Bhould probably see that ein the divine pre . destination all loads up to, or radiatos from, some groat work or aomo groat snfforing.^ And 'if- we do not know what this is, it is that . we may throw our wholo hear L and energy in all that wo do, lest, porchanco, wo should miss the criti cal moment of existence. But looking back acrosfi 'tho centuries wo can preceivo clearly in St. Stophon's . caso what we may bo unable to soo in our own. Tho great work of Stophon's lifo was tho speech ho mada in his dofonce boforo tho oounoil. That spooch took him, porhaps, half an hour or rather moro to malee, but its effects are very for indood from having spent "thomselves now at a distance of eighteen centuries. ' In that speech Stophen tacitly admits that ho had impugnod the popular Jewish belief about tho temple, ? and, accordingly, in his review of Jewish history, ho shows, at length, that tho proannce of God had not . in past ages beon at all confined to tho Holy Land or to tho Jowish templo'. Ho shows that Mesopotamia, 'Egypt, Midian, Sinai, bad boon favoured by heavenly . .visions. Ho shows that ages passod before tho toui Íjlo was built, and that, after it was built, prophets, iko Isaiah,' had taught tho lesson of a world-wido worship just aa our Lord taught it to tho womn-n of .Samaria. In that speech, too, Stophon Fhows how '"tho Hamo bitter spirit which wa3 porfoouting him to 'death had boon tho curso of his countrymen ftt all the ' stago-i of thoir history-how thoy had reboiled j against their greatest benefactors-against Joseph, ;against 'M030B-how, oven in tho wilderness, thoy had long neglected tho imo worship of thoir God. HÍ3 audienco probably listonod at first in contemp tuous silence to what they regardod as the ravings of a fanatic,'or as a more dry, historical dissertation, of which thoy had not caught tho drift. But thoy bogan now dimly to BOO what ho roally meant. Ho waB Bpeaking, they felt, not only of tho past but of tho prosont-of all that happened in JoruHalom and on Mount Calvary in the spring of thatvory year. Liko 1 their forefather*, Stephen Raid, bia hearers, too, resisted thaHuly Ghost. The Jews of earlier genera tions had pMMcuted tho prophets who foretold the Just One : the Jews of this generation had murdered that Just Ono Avhoa the prophets foretold. At this point their impatience knew no bounds. " Thoy were out to the heart," says tho sacred narrative : " they gnashed upon him with their teeth." As their oountonanoes Hashed anger-aa the Btorm of wild irrepreaaible passion rose in ita surging fury around him- Stephen know that his work waa done. But before he left the court he spoke-he would speak ono last word. He looked upwards and lo! at that Bupromo moment tho higher world waa oponed to his gaze in its transcendent bliss and glory. The glory of God, nay, Jesus Himself, was visible, and that, not seated in His wonted majesty on the throne of Heaven, but standing as if ready to assist His suffer ing sorvant ; and Stephen in his ecstasy describes what ho saw there beforo his judges-" Behold, I seo the Heavens opened and the Son of man standing on tho right hand of God." " The Son of man." It was tho familiar designación of our Lord which Ho had used of Himself so constantly-which, in this place alone in the Now Testament, is used of Him by any other. " Tho Son of man"-it brought back with unwelcome vividness the languago, the prosence, of : tho Crucified to tho minds of his judges, and hore j waa a disciple who claimed to see the Crucified in tho realms of glory. It was moro than they could bear. Stephen knew that his work was done and that a sterner scono must follow. And they would liston no longer; they stopped their oars ; they ran upon him with one accord ; thoy cast him out of tho city. They woro too angry to reflect that tho vongoanco which they meditated required tho sanction of tho Boman government. They could not wait for a doubtful verdict. Stephen must die at ouoe, as tho law ordered that a blasphemer should die. Tho wild rush of tho mob-tho judges, tho populace, the wit nesses with thoir victim:-through tho streets of Jerusalon was soon accomplished. They were with out tho walls on the side opposito tho Mount of Olives. There waa a pause during'which tho wit nesses who had denounood him and; who wore bound hy tho Mosaic law to take,the load in his, execution, . stripped themselves that thoy might tho bettor perform their dreadful task. . Tho young man 'named Saul guarded their clothes,. and then they led tho way, and the multitude.followed.As tho'stones fell thick.and heavily on the dying"marhyr ho entreated'our Lord, whom ho had just seen in the Heavens,1 to récëiyo his spirit. Another volloy foliowod ; and another prayor -tho last-was uttered in tho spirit of the first of tho Bevon words upon tho cross : " Lord, lay not this sin to their charge." And now all was over. To tho oyo of sonso it seemed a hideous butchery in which a Euro and noble lifo was crushod out of a young man y horrible torturo; but, as Stophon sank in doath upon tho ground, tho Bible simply says, "When ho had said this, he fell asleep." Stephen was thus tho first martyr. " That holy martyr, Stophen," is the expression of St. Paul at a later time. Tho idoa of martyrdom as tho highest form of moral courage-aa the crowning achievement of a noble life, is a creation of Christianity. It grew directly out of tho idea of tho inviolate sanctity of truth, and this again was based on the conviction that God had really spoken to men by His Son, and that, in consequence, men roally possessed a truth which is worth costly sacrifices. Bofore this, if wo except the Jewish people, there was no idea abroad in tho world of tho obligations, or oven of the existence, of truth as Christians understand it. Tho Iniinan mind was worn out by tho importunities of innu merable guesses at truth, many of thurn quite contra dictory of each other, and Luits despair liad exclaimed again and again with Pilato " What is truth?" It Boomed that nothing was so certain as to bo worth living for, much loss that anything was so cortaiu as to be worth dying for. It was the glory of St. Stophon, first of all, to illustrate by his porsonal ex ample the vigour of that now sense that it was nothing loss than tho truth which waa making its way among redeemed men. Eight months beforo, he know, per haps . ho had witnessed-tho price paid for truth on Mount Calvary. " To this end was I born," said the Divino sufferer, " »nd for this cause came I into the world, that I might bear witness uuto tho truth." AndHowhohad said this said also, "Ye shall bewit nesees unto Mo, both m Jerusalem and in Samaria and in tho uttermost parts of the earth." And this witness waa to be borne partly by touching, partly by action, partly-in those days chiefly-by suffering. If action is moro oloquent than language suffering is moro oloquent than action. Many a man can talk well who cannot actconsisteritly. Many aman canact with tolerable consistency who yet shrinks from silent, nnrepinnig onduranco for tho sake of what ho knows to bo truth and goodness. Stephen did all three : ho taught well and much ; ho acted vigor ously and consistently with what ho taught ; and when tho time carno he suffered. If tho speech be foro the Sanhedrim was the groat work of his lifo, his death did more than his greatest work. Then, an in later times, again and agaiu, tho blood of tho Christian martyrs, rather than tho eloquence of tho Christian toaehor, was tho soedof tho church. And observo hore, brethren, that whero Stephen ia greatest ho is mo^t easy of imitation. None of us, it scorns, now can work his miracles or present truth with tho clearness and authority which belonged to him ; but, in our measuro, wo can ail of us suffer snffor something, howevor comparatively trivial, for the Divine cause among men. And this oapacity for suffering is tho true force of tho ohtiroh : it ia the re Bcrvo force on which aho falls back in times of trial and discouragement. Tho eloquence of endurance ia tho most persuasivo, as it is the most lasting, of her gifts, and evory man, woman, or ohild, who ia a ser vant of Christ, may, by God's grace, havo a sharo in it. Throo short reflections in conclusion. Many persons think and say that they could do much for the causo of truth and goodness if only thoy could command a long term of years. They are, aa it is, young, or thoy havo not much timo at their disposal ; and tho consequence is that they do little or nothing. Itoflocfc, brethren, that Stephen was pro bably a young man-that ho was a Christian only for a few months. About oighb months, it seems, had passed sinco tho crucifixion,' when Stophon'H great work was already done-when ho closed a ministry, rioh in its best resulta, by a martyr's death. In all that ^touches tho human soul timo counfcß for much loss than men think. Fifty years may easily bo passel withont anyrc¡vl growth or work, whilo a few weeks, or days, or oven a few hours, may decido tho most momontoua issued--may decide an eternity. Concentration of aila-inti-nsifcy of thought and will ' -these make time to be of little or no account ; and ¡ a young mun who throw.* himself with shiglo hen.rt oilnoss of purpose into a cause or work which ho , knows to bo dosorving of his boab onergies may do j almost anything. History is full of tho lives of j thoso who havo dono tho work of a long lifo in a few I yoars, and havo diod young. Statesmen liko Pitt,, musicians like Mozart, philanthropists, liko Edward Denison,' missionaries hkb Martyn and Pattssoa-. thoae have taught tho world in their Beveral placea and degrees that hoar hairs and length of days aro not a necessary condition of doing offectivo work. They have taught the lesson of St. Stephen who waa still a young inan, and seemed to have before him a Ufo pregnant with possibilities of greatne*« whoa he lay down to die outside the walls of Jerusalem. Again. Many men think that if only they wore m Borne higher and more influéntÍAl position than they are, they could do som« real work for God. If that lieutenant wera only a general, or at the Hore« Guarda, how far better would it be for the army. If this publie writer were only in the Cabinet, how much bolder and wiser would be the policy of the oountry. If suoh and euch a clergyman were only a bishop, how different would bo the oiroumatanoea of tho church. St. Stophen, observe, wa« not in a po sition of influence-at least, of conunanding influence. He waa only a deaoon, and his main business for tho time waa to attend to the equitable distribution of alms. Above him were the sacred twelve, chosen by our Lord Himself-eleven of them during His earthly JUfe-one from Heaven teince the ascension. In the eyes of all true beüevers they held a foremost plaoe.^They corresponded to tho twelve patriarchs of Israel. Upon them, as on the twelve prophets as a foundation, was built, says the apostle, the church of God. But the deacons were of no special considera tion. Tho church had existed some months without them ; and their humble but useful labours were not indispensable to her existence or progress. And yet Stephen does a work which ia greater than that of any save tho throe leading apostles and St. Paul, so far as wo can gather from the report in the New Testament. Por a whilo in tho narrative of tho Acts -(you must all of you have observod itaa youread) wo lose sight of St. Peter altogether, ana St. Paul has not yet como upon tho scene. Tho one dominant iigure, full of interest-of moral, spiritual, tragic interest-is tho deacon Stephen. His labours, his teaching, hiß last agonios, his moral and spiritual triumph over death, oclipso, for tho time boing, all bosides. No, brethren, this habit of thinking that you would do a great deal of good, if you were something else than what you aro, is fatal to your doing what you might do whoro you aro. Aa a rulo, men who do little in a lower position would do lesa in a highor. Tho man who, wasting tho ono talent, made tho one talent tho excuse, would havo wasted tho five. A life which is spent in dreaming of what might bo under other circumstances io lost to acting for tho best under tho prosent circumstances. If Stephen had said "If I wore only in the place of Peter, I would disputo with the Hellenists, I would address tho Sanhedrim ; I would die, if need be, aa a martyr for Christ," ho never would havo done any ono of thoso things. Ho did what he could, whoro, and boing what, ho waa. His real greatness was alto gether independent of bia position. Pray, brethren, that wo may daily bo renewed by tho Holy Spirit, so that for us, aa for St. Stephen, and for Stephen's groator pupil, to livo may bo Christ, and to die our gain. »"».''» ? ' 1 II II i i ---at 