W&il; mh Smueuk, Bosom friends — Sbirt-studa. Underground work — An earthquake. Can a shepherd's crook be termed a ram rod? A bad fix — Repairing a broken window ?with an old hat. Not quite the cheese — The article sold' under that name by some grocers. ' I wouldn't care to be the prettiest girl alive!' simpered a swain as he sat in a drawing-room the other day. ' Indeed ! Why not?' was the response. 'Because,' said he, ' I'd rather be next to her.' At a trial of a criminal case the prisoner entered a plea of not guilty, when oiie of the jurymen at once stood up. The judge in formed him that he could not leave until the case was tried. ' Tried?' repeated the juror in astonishment. ' Why, he acknowledges, that he is not guilty.' ' Go into the room and bring that cake ofE the table,' said an Austin mother to her son. 'It's too dark; I'm afraid to go into the room.' ' Go right into that room this instant, or I'll go in and bring out the strap.' ' If — you bring— out the — strap,' replied the boy sobbing, ' bring the — cake along, too.' A -wild-eyed stranger suddenly appeared on 'Change in Peoria the other day, aud. tossing Ms coat on the floor, spat on his hands and fiercely exclaimed, 'Gents, I'm after that duck that was out to Central-park with my wife last Sunday !' And twenty-three married men and eight or nine of the boys suddenly dived under the tables and -shouted, 'Don't shoot.' 'There is not,' wrote the editor of the Deadwood Daily Champion, ' a quieter, more peaceful, well-regulated, and orderly com munity in the whole western country.' And then, as the office-boy entered to say that somebody wanted to see him, lie took his fcowie between his teeth, put a Colt's new pattern, seven-shooter ou the desk in front of bini, and said, ' Jim, get out another coffin — plain pine one this time — and let the son of a gun in !' Dr. Louis, of New Orleans, who is some thing of a wag, called on a colored minister and propounded a few puzzling questions. ' Why is it,' said he, ' that you are not able to do the miracles that the apostles did? They were protected against all poisons aad all kinds of perils ; how is it that you are not protected in the same way?' The colored brother responded promptly, 'Don't know about that, doctor ; I s'pect I is ; I've taken a mighty bight of strong medicine from you, and I is alive yet.' ' I am a peaceable man,' said the intruder, grasping his club with both his hands, ' but if you don't come down with seventeen dol lars fifty cents damages for my lacerated feelings the bombardment will begin at once.' The owner of the dog paid the money, as he was afraid the other fellow might exas perate him if he Mt him with a club of that size. The owner of the dog also said that he was sorry that the dog had bitten the in truder's son. ' Why, he ain't my son '.' said the intruder. 'Whose son is lie, then?' asked the astonished oinier of the dc.j. ' He is the son of a friend of mine who owed me seventeen dollars fifty cents, but he is poor, and the only available assets he had was these dog-bites on Ms body, which he turned over to me for collection. ' Well, I'll be shot 1' ' Oh, you needn't complain ; you are getting off dog-cheap. I ought to make you pay in advance for the next time that boy is going to be bit.' Bill Nye gives the following suggestions about etiquette : — ' If by writing this we can induce one man who now wipes his hands on the tablecloth to come up and take higher ground, and wipe them on his pants, we shall feel amply re_paid. If you cannot accept an in vitation to dinner do not write your regrets on the back of apoolcheckwith a blue peuciL Thia is regarded as ricochet. A simple note to your host, informing him that your washerwoman, refused to relent is sufficient. On seating your self at the table draw off your gloves and put them in your lap under your napkin. Do not put them in the gravy, as it would ruin, the gloves and cast a gloom over the gravy. If you have just cleaned your gloves with benzine you might leave them out in the front yard. Stones in cherries and -other fruit should not be placed upon the table cloth, but slid quietly and unostentatiously into the pocket of your neighbor, or noise lessly tossed under the table. Ladies should take but one glass of wine at dinner. Other wise there might be difficulty in steering the g male portion of the procession home. Do -^ notmake remarks about the amount your com panion has eaten. If the lady who is your company at table, whether she be your wife or the wife of some one else, should eat quite heartily, do not offer to pay your host for his loss or say to her :— ' Great Scott ! I hope you will not kill yourself because you have the opportunity,' but be polite and gentle manly, even though the food supply be cut off for a week.' A celebrated spiritualist went to lecture at little Rock, and stated that before giving a public entertainment he would give a seance, ?where any member of a small invited circle could call up the spirits of their friends and converse with them. By mistake a man from down the river was admitted, a man whose reputation for deeds of violence would not place his spirit above par in the soul market. After listening awhile to rapping;, hornblow ing, and gauze veil materialisation, the bad man arose and said : — -'Say, cap'n, whar's the old man's ghost?' 'What old man?' asked the medium. 'My old man, the governor; call Tii-m up.' ' What is hia name ?' ' Tom Bealickicallhimup.' 'I don't think we are in communication with nim to - night.' 'What's the matter, wire down ?' ' ' No, the old gentleman is off on a visit. ' ' Now, here, jest shut tip your wardrobe and turn on your light. If you don't give the old man's ghost a show, the thing shan't run.' 'Wait; I'll see if he'll come,' said the spiritualist. ' If he raps three times he is willing; if only once, he has other engage ments.' A sharp rap sounded. *' He is un willing,' continued the spiritualist. 'Now, here,' said the bad man, 'that wa'n't my ole man's knock. Why, ef he'd Mt that table he'd splintered it. Call hirn up.' And, drawing a revolver, the affectionate son cast a severe look on the medium. ' To tell the truth, I can't call -nm up.' ' Tell Mm that I want to see him. That'll fetch Min.' 'No; he won't come ; but I beg of you to be patient. Wait ; ah, he will come presently. He is here and desires to tailr with you. He says that he is perfectly happy, and that he longs for the time -when you will be with him. He is one of the rulers in the spirit land.' ' Cap'n, you're the infernallest liar in Arkansas.' 'Why so, sir ?' ' Because the old man is in. the city prison, drunk as a fool.' 