EV ROUTE FOR NEW MEXICO. (Concluded.) Saturday, June 10. — M and self drive up to the Stoneroads about 10 miles N.W. from our camp for the purpose of gaining information about the boundanes, met there a Mr. C from New Zealand who was looking with liis men for some of his cattle. He owns a run about 20 miles east of the S.E. corner of the crank His holding is of the 1G0 acre style be- fore referred to. He did not speak well of the country as a sheep country, but said that cattle pud. He had about 3500 head. Indeed sheep farming, there can be little doubt, has not hitherto been a success in New Marco, be the cause what it may. Mr. C made me a present of the rattle of a rattlesnake. This they have at tiie end of their tails. Monday, June 12. — We start for Fajarite, the S.E. corner of Beck's grant. It is some 15 or 18 miles dis tant. However, we do not take quite the right course, steering too much to the east. In a caAon not far born a Mexican cottage we find A A. A _I4A Lw lTmk « good Wfito, «IU Will WUH. » nice little pool to bathe in. The country ia similar in character, cactus and stunted pine being still prevalent. I rode ont as usual with M to see and bear what we could. Met first a Mdriczn driving a team of bullocks. He directs ns to a raucbe about i! trifles distant where be tells ns some Americanos live. The bullock bows here are, by the way, wooden. At the first house we came to, there was no one. I got off and looked in at the window, and the second bring the same, we came to tbe conclu sion tbat everybody must be away for (possibly) the laces. However, we shortly came across a house near which were some men digging a well. Tlie diameter of the well was about Iff feet, and they had got down about 18 feet. We were asked into a snsbtaatially built etore-honse, with flat root A young American, who was either partner or manager for the owners, was civil, end told us his experience, which was dead against sheep, and in favour of cattle. Hp could not give any opinion es to how sheep would do inpaddaeks, as be 'hod never seen it tried. C (above referred to) is of opinion fhst if the eheep were run in paddocks, and tbe liotrt (dogs) got rid of, sheep would pay. Pad- d coking sheep, such es we do, has not been tried by anyone in this part of America. We afterwards ride round in search of survey stones at the S.E. corner, but find none. However, there is good water here— as compared with Australia. The counbryon the whole is well- watered. Much, however, will bare to to done to -"ha it sufficiently watered. In the morning T end. self .walk ; across to the Mexican cottage ho set some mUL. They have not got the milk ready- We are asked into the cottage, where at four or five - men - on the ground, _ sitting on eheepelrinB eating their breakfast. About one plate to two - znen reetns the fashion. We are given a plate each of curdy milky looking stuff. Formy part.Iam rather frightened of notbeingable to eat it, nnd so not showing appreciation ofthrarhospitity. However, it turns out quite palatable. We then go out to the yard which is dose by, and oou- jtiining about fiOhwd W eaWo, lire ormx of whl(are!mllf,t»ehff jpeatom<»grel than the three men hare lassoos, they throw them round tbe legs, as a rule catching the two hind legs together, and then throw the rope round tbe neck. I notice however, that they also throw tbe rope round the neck, and haul them up to a post in the middle of the yard, and there throw and brand them; this, I understand is the usual way. The cattle are as quiet as the quietest milkers. There is only one yard, and it Is mirie of posts let into the ground close together, and braced together with hide or wire. These men appear little above Maoris in their manner of living, or perhaps I should say in their position as a people on the globe. We get our milk, go back to camp, and after breakfast we start back again N. W. for our last camp. We have frequently seen antelopes, bnt seldom been within shot of them, except once or twice when we had no rifle. I have no doubt they coold be stalked, if we took the time, I gave chase to a young one, one day, and found him about a match for my horse, not a smart one, and so gave him best." Tbe prairie dogs are fanny little fellows, they live in holes, anumberbeiug together, and when anybody goesby barkat them , bobbing down into their h oles if they think there is any danger. I don't know that they are any relation to the dog. Their cry is half like the bark of a pup, half like the note of a bird. G when riding the other day saw an eagle carrying one off. He shouted, and the bird dropped its prey. It was freshly killed. He secured the skin to add to his treasures, of which he is getting quite a collection — snake rattles, toad skins, butterflies, rabbit skins, hare skins, skunk skins, iguana skins (little green wretches tbat run like the "deuce"), besides eggB of different sorts. These dogs, by the way, have owls which live with them as companions. On Saturday, June 17, hearing the dogs bark, I went out to give them a thrashing. I notice a dark thing flyingbefore me. I at first take it to be one of the horses, frightened at my ghost-like appearance. "By Jove! it's the buggy-hood which was taken off to-day." I go in for a pair of boots, the cactuses bring too numerous about here for bare feet. When I come out there is no sign of the buggy -hood and I think that I must be mistaken, and that after all it's not tbe buggy-hood. But a further search round the tent shows me it is certainly gone. Well, I must find and secure it, or it wUl he in Texas before morning. After a long search I found it down at the bottom of a canon. I nlaeed a few stones in it to ston its further progress, and made my way back to the tent. I was met by a crouching figure at the opening with rifle iaband and cartridges ready to put in. I was a little startled. He (G ) did not intend to shoot me, hut became suspicious at my being so long away.. We _ were sleeping the other night in the open air, it bring a beautiful night, and something woke me. " How on earth did that hole come iu the tent I never noticed it before." The hole was a star, the tent, the sky. On Monday, June 18, M — self, and man (Smith) leave for Las Vegas, I. and G. stopping at the camp. We do not reach Antoncbico tliat night, and so camp out some miles from it. At ten next morning we reach the township, which is of <he usual Mexican type. There is a good deal of irrigation carried on here by tbe Mexicans. One or two of the houses are of the American kind. There is a flour mill worked by water power. It is Mexi can, and does not grind much in a day. We had not time to examine it. There is a good sized church here, which, being an adobe, has a rather venerable appearance. The landlord of the inn we stop at is a German. He was taken prisoner by the Southerners during tbe WAr. I notice among bis books, German, French and Spanish dictionaiy, some French novels, a German mathematical book, and Prep of Day. Our mules get a feed of lucerne, for which they do not care much, and we start again for 1 as Vegas. We pass on the road about 20 young Durham bulls, owned by a man who has a ranche down the Pccos. We do not reach Lab Vegas until about 10 at night, and so I have come at last towards the end of my letter ; but I have not finished yet. M— and 6elf have just come from A.— ®s place. It is about three hours by train from here— a walk of a mile from the station, at which you get out, brings you to sue nancue. mere is a nice wooden cottage, and a good stable. Part of their ground is fenced, and tbey have some fencing about tbe bouse, wire and post. It is very nice-looking country, thicker grassed than tfie country we are in, but about 1000ft higher. It is rather a pretty country, and in it are one or two charm ing views. One of them A— calls " The plains of Heaven," is as beautiful view of the kind, as I have ever seen. From a sloping hill looking over a low pine forest you catch a view of the Rocky Mountains, tipped with snow, and between the wood end the mount tins lies a large extent of the ranche md other country, some of which is timbered, some well-grasscd undulating plains. This with a beautiful dear blue sky to set it off, makes a pretty picture. It is a well-watered country, and has better fencing timber than much of the land down our way. There are some flats about the river Motia, by winch the house stands, which are available for irrigation. This Motia is a small clear stream. From it water is run into the sheep-dip, a well- forroed one, a In Augtrali<u P.S.Let it not be interred from anything I have said that there is not mouey to be made by sheep or cattle here. I have pointed out certain disadvantages— all countries have some. We are not subject to the severe droughts of Aus tralia, and ought to have a surer market for cattle. I do not see that the wool here is any higher. The man who bought A-s sheep expects to nett here about lOld per lb for his merino ewe wool. Mucli of the wool is as coarse as first-cross wool, though merino in appearance. Tliey (the ewes) will cut Iwlwcra 7 anil 8 lbs of wool with Limbs at foot, lambs not shorn. 