I ' l".' I" OV>eIi0to D A Story.oftho Past rind Fyesent ; of Ordl- I nary xqon and Ordinary things,' in Qrdl- nary ltuunuuro, BY DONALD CAMERON. , A croon o?" firms voLts ov-tiir bhiifeht," . " SILVKUWATKUj US SD lire. ! . I "iBo'euro tliy eiri will, find theo out. I . ' llt ls a bcautiful belief: : ' > I . ' That 'oyer rtrandpur .brail I Are hovering on angel wings;. - -- ' > : Tho spirits of tho dead. " bliss White," she continued, 11 is1 now in very great 'dangor. . Poor and; alone in a vast city, ' with ahelplees father dopendirig oil her,' sho is harassed by enbmie'sj whd try to take ndvantago Ot her unfortunate' position;" : . Jaok's faco 'flushed orimBon, his hands B clonohed. ', ' : !"':"v:'! '' B " Iwill Seohea: righted 1" ho oricdina rage." I Then tho remembrance of his liolpMSs Btato 1 cama to him, and despair took possession of I. Us:Hjti«t.-"'> ;ti -WZ -jf,1;"'/!' ' I ' " Miss White, hqWbver," 5oht|hued 'Maggie, | I has not. sent- motif, appeal, for help;; that 1 1 | havo ventured ; to 'do myself/ ' Hoir meSBiige is I different;. Your father, Mr; MeldOnj' llbs>in I tho noxt cottage to MiSs White's;, dying;" 'Ho I is crying out for yqii,' arid Irishes to seo 'you- I before lie dips,' for ho has'soinb'gyeat siiorot toi n reveal." . : - - . I Jaolt started, and joy Again invaded' hia! I hoart, Wns it josslblo that Bunakum ltnowj I aught of thatfircad secret whicli'had almost I esodplii. tho lips/of: Bridget : CFRcgan .before. I thoy.worb stlUeii indeath?! "Would'ho yefc bo I able to sheet tlio orimo homo to tho mfarderorl. I ol his ipother ? ! .; His' train ' bboitme 'oriel used.: I Now hopes, noW'aSph(atloris'.begbn to rise! '' : | i "Don't' delay," taidv'Mbggio'j " tako ' the I sltembon train to thocityiclso youmay never I sbe'ywnr tatfistttln'itgBUi.'" Jack turned- round to Williani in a holplcsa way! Hb hod "no mondy, "and:ho oould nof think of asking anything out of tho few' pounds that Bad bfbu raisedioriiimly's'lioirlooriii''T. William divined hid feelings. " ."iti . ,1 ( " Yes, d'aclt," Said hp', 'you must gb."1 "But,'.' 'skid ,D(abk; "J hAVa' rib hionoy, arid t couldnot.thirik"'' " ! idmn: i4i' "Now, that' will'do," sajd MTillla'pi j,'" don't speak of itv Yoh' riipst.e. fcatlrijuiditq tho whiilomatter.'! >; '' V, " Yosl,',' Boid |EiiUy;iohroHailyV'''vv'o mitBt not stpp to. think wlien a fathor Is dying. Ha has boon o' .bojl parority hut :ypu 'pannot bo absent'nb.wi"..-' ".. ' I . i'. . ; JaoK kriehr riot what, to soy. Oh, that ho wero nhlq to reward' tho lbvo andfriondship of, thia glbrioua iririn And woman: : > ' . . OHAPTEli LVHI.' At this momont a cab drpvo rip, rind out of it riprung lOhadiah Swcotcomf ort and Bnigglo Bniokors. Tho former( I6okcd at thb gronp with withoring ' obntcmpt,' 1 merited' as ' ho appoared jto think, for was ho not dresbpd' in superlhio' bloth, arid they in ' thb 'Meanest' shoddy ?, .Yet withal, this doughty ngAri kept a Sharp oyo oil iTaok, for, ho kniow how strong was hU hand, rind hb was1 riot, 'byorsripoTio might not : uso- it."' Tito |twb. tbbk out 'of tho cab sonto pegs and n'n aro. Wilhrim rind jack . at 'onebBaiV through thoir.lritoritlon. imd thb latter vyps about to make for. Obadiah, whan lVilliarii stoppodhlm. , ' " '" " Quiet, Joek," said hb, soothingly ; " you arc not fit to, deal with' theso morij yorir passions , Would overobnio you." ' "Tho dog," said Jriok, who was red with1 fury ; ho follows, movon horo.". ' '.'Nbvbrmlndy'said WlUlaii, with a'sorcas. tlo'smQb ori hls facb j' ''Icavo them olpno. ' I'll' soonsbUla,thom." And ho wqlkod down to tho two " juinpors" vory loisnroly; " " Good riioriiing, genUcmon," said Willlrim, costing a glanco at therii,. stlbh '.Sa a mah would bestow upon two brawling roptUos. 1 "Good morning," was tho surly .out. some what frightened reply.' " What aro yori doirig ?" askod WilUam. ' ' ,r ' ' 1 .. '.' " Merely pegging out a claim," replied Olrailiulv uriggafiyv ' ' ' "But this Is riiy ground," "rimllbd Williain'.' ' J "Oh,'"' said 'ObidiaHi 'offerisivoly wo'll: scoabbut'tliat:" "1:" '. . ' ' ' » '' ' , But srirelyj lfi.;SiiiMtoimilbr,.<'/wid Wil- ; liam, with a bitter sarcasm in his'tono;/" so benovolent a gentleman as yourself j and . one so rioh ; ' orib"whd' owri 1 hundreds" of ' ooreS," .would not take my littla olaim. , It is riot like ,you,,'Mr.'; Ob'adlafi Bwcotcomfort. you .tvbnld' yiot ropeht thb' parablo of th'e'prophot an the poor man's owo, lamb." , ' . .1 This rillrisiph string.- Obadiah flushed 'rip. . .VI- don't caro about your spoochcs, Mr. Brown," ho said; "I havo tho law. on niy :side,and I'll haVo my rights'.". 1 ' i i " Perfoetly , Correct," said ' William, sttU satirically,;' "but aro you" euro' tho law's 'on. yoursido?"' ; " " Yes," replied, Obadiah: . V You. ought to hove hod two mori workirig 'on' this' claim, and yon'vb only had '.one' for 'some timo." ' "That's all very woll, Sweoteomfbrt'," Said Williarn ; " but if you go into tho riiiriing ' registrar's' otllco in' Grit,' yon'll Arid that tho Owners of this claim applied for and obtained an exemption for- threo months ,'only" two ' 'weeks ogoF' ' < Obadiah started book with a frown. - I OH I' that won't do," said ho, at last; in tho torio of a disappoiritbd bully. : " Woll," sold William, tabling on his heel ; "rill I havo to 'say is; that Von'hod better' cxamino tho .records of 'tho Warden's Court ; and at tho sAina tima sboreh ' tho scriptures, where you'll porhapa find a few precepts which won't cocofort yon over much. And I, givo yon notice IU have yon prosecuted as trespassers If you peg out." And ho tnrncd away. 1 Obadiah stood for a minute: his face whito with suppressed roga nnd disappointed hato. Suddenly ho noticed Joek, to whom William bod narrated , what had taken place, 'moko a move as if ho were coming down thb hill. Tlio celerity with which Obapiah and Snlokers got Into tho cab wari wonderful.' Thoy disap peared in tho twinkling of an oye, leaving' their pegs on tho ground, and tho cob drove away at great speed, " Why did you stop mo ?" said Jack ;' " I'd havo rovengod tho insults of years on that wretch. Ho offerod mo monoy when I was weak and broken down,' purposely to Insult mo." ' i "Nevbr mind, Jack," sold William; your day will comb. Make hasto now and ehaoga your clothes, tako your dinner, and start for Molbourno. I'll dig into, that sandstono bar. I bollevo there's a reef below it; perhaps 111 'find Itbeforo yon como back." ' .. " William, you aro a king Amongst mori," said Joek, his eyes becoming moist; "your wifo is an angel.' 01 that I. could repay you." v " Wo do our duty," said' William, quiotly, " and that repays us.'' " r . Maggio'riow beckoned to her cabman, and after giving Bririha's address entered tho .con- voyanco, gently refusing Emily's pressing in vitation to Btop for dinner. .80 sho was driven away to Gritwhilb Jack began to preparo for hisjonrpoy. . 'I In a faw hours ho wbnld bo hi tho arms of hor ho loved so wall, and thoirs would be pcaco' and joy; forever, wbilo sho, liko a strioken hart, wbrild havo to'seok a'quiot spot whoro sho'eonld weoji'in sebroti 'SHo wris driven to tho.Fatriot Hotel, bnceBuritikam's, whorO wo saw her first: There'' shb 'w.as 'showri' tb a room' whidh' overlooked the busy thoroughfare .arid tho' Park whero she had often wandered with Japk'whbri.'ih'o in'obri hridbegitto1 riied. hor 'beaips ripon the obrthl'No 'brio rceogriisbd in Ihb .voiled'riribtorb' lady 'tho" pribo 'gay arid VolAtllb Maggio," ' i '1 1 1 . But, after all that was tho turning point' of her 'destiny. ' , '; " 'j CHAPTER LIX. ' 1.'" Obadiali drove, away from.tho seorio; of his diflcomfitrirbiin a„vory, ayii and,.allagrinbd frame ' of mind. Thatia. man, .cL.hjs ' cpn- scquencaand wealth ;Bhorild bb qompblled' to .fly from so'dcspicabls a being as Jocki who had neithsr; property, or mqnoyr-not oven a decent suit'of. clothes 1 Obridimi ground,1 his. tooth when I10 thought of the many unavailing attempts ho.had mado to get rid of thisfellow. Yet with all this ho, was ovor turning up, and throwing his best laid.planA. into confusion. Whilo thocab.waB being drivbriibapk to', Grit,; '.Obadiah resolved'Sohemo after eehomb in hie J mind, but cast thopi, away one after the othor as of no .utility. Ho could think' of nothing! at present that would hnpiblo this man.' . For: the first time he co'nfessod that his wealth end ; position -were ;valuelcss v they, oould .riot . givo him royonge.' . .. . ' ; It wae a beautiful day, Tho , air was blear -and'oold, fresh and bracing, tho. sky as blue' .oa.lapis';laznIi,, yot to Obadiah nature- gave no ploasuro. Ho fe'.t liko .a' baffled doinon.; But what puzzled him most of all was n' strange pnacooun table, fcoling of.sadncse end despondency that obmo ovor liiiri— a presonti- mout of ovfl to como, whioh ho oould not ex plain — a fooling that all was vanity of vapitics.i Perhaps th'is'. &birio; of .mind wiis brought' uhoutby th'o'ebyoro wound his Vanity had re ceived.' . Ho 'might haVo h'ebii greatly- ohoored; had hie carriage boon waiting so that ho could 'drive! dbjyijiNtho mAiri etreot in all tho glory of aeh'aribt arid' four; huriibling the pride Of tho inhabitarits oGrit, and Miowing to tibsm hie oicocdirigrilory. But oven tliis was wanting.'- Hb 'drove through in a common oab. Still it was soma balm to his vanity to find that every ono tdriiba round arid stared at thb sucoebsful .rocfor.: Bat. had ho hggrd tho unkind and etnthirig reriiarlcS thut sverc riiado, hisprido would havo reeoived anotlior wound. ' Bnigglo Sniokorp harfily spokoaword during tho'.jo'nrriey;;.; His. gazo; was '.steadfastly fixed 1 llpon',' ynbarioy,' and', 'now rind1 'th'on!i;wlth a etrangobxprceslon of faco ho would lnugh to himself, . .Had, Obadiah riot been so. ocbugied wnth his oym.thoughfa ho vvould have -noticed this'.: "Brit Who was niggle . Snfokbrs that Obadiah" Swcotoomfort v ehould ' trouble his mighty soul about him I , Tliere. wns tho ncoustomod : bustlo nt tho HchpbrUs Extended.'- - , The stampers, were rattling nhd:orushing,'snd the etbam engines pufllngrind.' eriortlng. < Obadiah and Snigglo Snlokers went into tho oihco, qnd1 tho former thrbw off hie ooat preparatory, to donning garmonts Baited - for trio mino. Snigglo began oponing tho lottora. ' ' " I wisfi," said ho, when . Obadiah wae equipped for tho underground trip, that you , would do without me for a littlo wbilo, I find thsro is a lot 0! work to bo done.' Tho under ground boss will show- you round' and 171' bo down in a' quarter of an honr," 1 "Oh 1' as for that," Bnid Obadiah; "thorns no-nood for you to go down nt 1 all, excopt tp show me tho noweat .indications ; I think. I: know as muohvibout thomino as yon do. Bnt hero is my pooket-riook ; it coritauiB tho Hea- porus Extended sorlp. ' Look it in tho sofo, for fear it may bo stolen." , , , " Thoro is no danger of that," said Bnfgglo qniotly, but with a strango glitter in his oyes. . "However, I'll put it in." And ho throw tho pookct-book into tho soro rind 'looked It. Obadiah wallied out, and to a fow ratoutos tho, signal hammer told ho ' wis deseondtog thomino; . ' But did Bnigglo ' Bnickcra work ? -No. Tho moment Obadiah loft, ho placod his elbows on tho table,' and burying his faco in his hands, remainod for sovorai minutes in :dcep thought, occoeionally -muttering to himsolf.' r Whon ho raised his loco at times, it was ovidont a 'torriblo struggle'- was taking placo in his mind. ' A deep groan would now andthon esoapo him.': ''Presently. I10 rose, anu took out'Obadlah's pooket-book. ' It was vory ' .!. A-1 " . bulky; Snigglo! drew brick- tlib clastic, Aid laid hold of tho great roll ofscripthobbok. cpntainod. Ono byjiflMho'turiiod thorn over, .carefully; glanoing ot their numbers and - the riariies of tho originul holders. £Not one share wos iri Obadiah'e name; ' . ' . ' A wild exaltation Appeared in tho man's face. Ho walked baekwardeifand forwards, stopping oScaSlonriliyas if to think. At times it seemed that 1 ho waverod in, whatever pnrposo ho had ' formed, but .tho moment he 'looked at tho seripj irresolution vanished : After a' while, his- face becamo grim and determined; tho blood vanished from his 'countcnanco ; it .becams ashy polo, and tho ewes bloodshot. ' Ho put tho book book into ; tho snfo, locked it, and then giving ono or two glariries ronnd the- oflico, walked ont and shut thbdoor." y, 1 ' ' : A' ehuddering camo over liim when ho stood without, and gazed npori tho beautiful panorama of Nature;'' It was winter, and tho earth was' covered with tender grass, of a beautiful green— for verdurowas only vouch safed oven fo Grit at this season. The blue sky, tho amorald earth,- with bero and thoro a doep brown or a rusty red as' a contrast, the fresh' breeze Boomed to bring back bitter thoughts. But'tho revulsion was momen tary; With a smothered curse, ho walked to tho shaft _ whero a cngo was -' waiting,- and stepping into it,- noislessly descended 'into the depth's of tho earth, tho vorduro, tho sky Vanishing from his gazo as peaco departed for- ovor from his mind, . " ' ' CHAPTER LX. ; Trio cold and gloom of tho mino agreed with tho darkness of Snigglo Bnickcra' soul. Tho dripping water, tho ogrcliko shadows, tho mysterious sounds of tho miners at work, well, accorded with tho gloom of this man's thoughts. Ho found Obadiah sitting on a piece 'of quartz, listening to the explanations of tho captain of tho shift, who was endeavoring to givo a lueld description of tho "country," through which thoy would havo topass before thoy camo to tho reef. Obadiah was smoking a cigar with a suporcilions air. In early life ho had neither drnuk nor smoked, being a steunoh teetotaller— for it suited liis pnrposo — bat when ho becamo wealthy, ho changed his mind as to what was ktwfal; and as smoking a cigar was the correct thing for a millionaire, Obadiah indulged; and occa sionally ho wonliktoka a glass of champagne, for that, also, was tho right thing to do. . There was a sporkio of pleasure in Bnigglo's oyo as ho noticed this; fato itself seemed in hlsfavor. "You have gono over all tho lovols where wo are working," said ho to Obadiah. " I think you had bettor como with mo now and cxamino tho old lovel whoro wo obtained tho great yiolda. I think if a crosscut wore put in tram tho end wo might striko something." "You'd bettor bo careful," said tho captain of tho shift, " that there iovel's whore wo keep the powder now." ' "Oh! no danger," said Obadiah jauntily ; "I aught to khow my way about in tho mthe, for I worked to this olalm years enough-lV . . Obadiah' said this Withortogly. . Ho 'prided himsolf upon .having -risen fronk ihoiyanks when in tho company- of workmen!' and was .over thrusting before them -Ms - persovtsrenco arid succcBS—ns muoh as to say that : it was their fault tliey wero not as well off as ho. ' " Will I go with yon ?" asked tho oaptainl "No, thank yon," said Obadiah, who thought two wore company and three were not : when there' wae a confabulation in prospeot. . ' Lighting two candles ObAdish and Snigglo moved along tho level, tho formor admonishing th'omento go on- with their work; Sniggle led the way.- It was welt for his sahome that he did, . .otherwise Obadiah' might! 'have' dctooted in his faoo signs of trio fate that, was; coming. Aftor ji- good deal . of trirriing and windingthey ot.lqet oqmo to ths.opening of ri. level Which had eivery/ajlpeararico of. being, deserted. Tho "setts" of timber wero de cayed, tho floor covered with slime and water,' whioh 'flowed down to' tho centra,' 'ted with; porpxide of iron. - . Close to tho mouth a-largri; numbor of : kegs of -powder woro stored in a drive abovo.'1,' :' , - p There's rio danger, of! tho ppwder ; getting wet ?'! asked Obadiah m an'coonomical mood. , " Not-tho elightest," replied; Snigglo, ."You Teavo mri nlono for that. It's safe there." < ! "And yon lira sure it's riot wasted?" asked Obsdiph. " Powder's risen you know."' ' " Certain,", ras tho reply, I know tho amount, that should be uecd to a grain." : Altor travelltog'iri tho Slippery, damp level for somo timo they reached tho faco— a great .excavation narrowing tori point.- It washero that thorcef had tapored out to nothing.' " Well/' said Obadiah as thoy reeted, " there was a'lot of'gold'gofoatj'of this, wasn't there? If that, fool' jack nad only etuok to hie share of itho wouldn't bodlgging now." ': " Irideod," Said Sriiggjo absently. "' ".Well, fools- will be fools," .said Obadiali in a solf-satisficd tone, "If there woreri't fools wise men would not he rich." '— Ho was' ono of tho fools; . : 1 " But what do you want mo to soo horo ?" 'risked Obadiah. . " Woll," was the reply, 11 tho truth is that, I waritcd'to givo. you: a uarpriso. You-, know whon tho reef gavo orit so Biiddonly -I- had niy suepioions that thore woro something we did not understand. Arid,triore was. - - That' con tinucd'flow of water eolUd'iiot bo thoro unless there was a roof olosa at hand." ' ' Obadiah was all attontiqn, . " Beefs doh't givo out so suddorily," oon- ttouod Snigglq in a strqngo tone; ".When' thoy 'end to brio spot; ' thoy goneraily -niako 'agam somowhore else. Aria this reef docs." - Obadiah could hardly Speak with oxoitemcnt. Tho voiy idea 'of ' tho' riohost' reef Ovor dis- ebvored iri'Gfit boing again 'found, was euQl- ciont to aroiiBp in his avariolhus mirid . visions of a mnmtnbth fortune. .." Well, I brooded over it,'!,oontihucd Snigglo \- Snlckerflf.'funtil atlSAt,aftc'rwohad'abahdbned iheap wbijktogs. aridturned them into a.poivr dor inagazihe, I. camo dowfi ono Sunday with pick and drill and fus'o -and wbrkod' riway 'at tho eastern side of tho faco.- , I tliought I de- tcotod a' ,IaVa' - streak - and' I' followed' it; ' ' It .wasn't long boforo I caiho on a vein of stono, nnd that stpqo'is riohor than over tho other: part of tlio reef wae." . - : Obadiah rose in ;"a' delirium of joy. ' " i " Show it to mo: Sniggles," said no, " Show it to mo. Good, gbod 1 .How rioh I wiU'.bo." Snigglo looked at hiiri- with eyes emitting auoli baleful fire, that if Obadiah 'were not almost besldo himself with joy at tho dis covery ho wouldh'avo 'noticed it. "Yon Bhall hairo your pay, doubled,", said Obadiah, ae if he were rewarding , tho man' abovo his deserts. Snigglo shut his ;tcetli fiercely at this ; ha , was afraid riis , passion - would got tho .hotter of him,, and his, sohemo fall stillborn to tho groimd.:,!Ho began core-- fully removing A heap of muliook whioh wria piled agalnBt tlio drivo.; In a fow minutes it had been olearod off, and Snlgglo'a filled his hat with water. .Throwing a fow hatfiils of water oyer tho stone, soon revealed a snowy reef, in whioh could bo easily discerned specks and'stroaks of gold, somo of them vory large! Obadiah ghzed on it as if spoil-bound. "Sco how it widons out," aald Snigglo, "It's bound, to grow as wido. as tho other reef." ' . . ! Obadiah did not reply. Ho was making a -mental calculation. . Ton triousarid eharee at £20 per, share, would bo £200,000; -riot to montion tho dividonds. , . "Will I go and fetch a plok.' so that we'll got, a few Bpeotoione?" oeked Sniggle, -to a voico that told how fast liis heart was beat ing, . his , wholo sohemo resting npon too S. enswer. . - " "Yes, yes, I' said Obadiah qniakly; "wo'U pick down trio sides to ,sco if it bulges out. Wo mustn't- sayonything about it till I pick .up all too shares, and then too inen'll bo put pn to try too old workings, and you'll put in a blast that'll prevent - your work beuig noticed, but will show too reef.",; Ho spolto to empty air. . . Snigglo was gono. So Obadiah began . to examine the reel,, his framo thrilling with rapturp. Bat did Snigglo go for tho piok ? « No; ho'mcrely wont to too mouth of too level, nnd turned, to trio .nlco'vo whoro tho powder was stored. Mis hcartGrras heating wlidly; bis faco, hitherto, pale, woe flashed with tlio blood that . was being driven rapidly through his system. - Still ha, .handled tho powder kegs warily, arid breaking two of thorn, ho . strcwcdho: cpntontq in a train leading from too ontrarico of too level. After carefully communicating this with too pilo of kogs, ho retired 'a littlo distance,' land taking a nowspapcr from his pocket, he rolled it np in tho manner of ri flambeau.' Ho tlicn took his stand oloso to too train, and patting his hand to his month, shonted — , Mr, Swcotcoirifort." No answer. . " " Obadiali Swcotcomforl I" ' Only tho echoes of tho caverns replied. " Obadiah Sweoteomfbrt 1" ' Now. Obadiah was heard. "Yes." _ !' "Como this way." '. ' Then followed a dead siicnco, only broken by, tho dripping of tha water as it fell from too roof of too drivo, and tho faint sound of tho miners at work and tho creaking and olanking of tho cages. But soon Obadiali's light appeared, making darkness viBiblo in tho level. " Stand there I" said Snigblo in a terriflo voice, when Obadiah had como within speak ing distance. Obadiah shook with fear. There was some thing so awful in Snigglo'e voico, that It seemed to him like too'trnmp ot doom. "What is tho matter?" ho cried, in a quavering tone. " Matter I" replied Sniggle. " Death is tho matter I Don't stir a toot or you arq a dead man." " Oh, my God I" oriod Obadiah. "Don't call upon God, you hypocrite," said his enemy sternly. ".Idtien tome Obadiah Swcetenmfort. You think you are wiso ; yot you allowed, a man whim you know to bo poor, who has been injured by you, -used as a tool and poorly rewarded, to bco that you were tho possessor of half tho shares in this mino, when that man had known a long timo that there was within reach a rielicr reef than . bad ever been- worked. That's your wisdom." " You are mad or joking," cried Obadiah, his coward heart now betraying itself. " Oh I don't speak to mo in that way." " I will speak I" cried too other, in a frenzy of passion J ". I will i|cak. Havo yon not mado mo' your tool and paid mo nothing ? Have you not humbled mo ab every oppor tunity? I . havo br aright wealth untold into your purso, yet you hover gavo ma a farthing oxcept my wagesi Had I dono for Jack what I did for, you- ho would havo mado mo a .wealthy man. You looked 'down upon mo;, you thought mo a areatUro not worthy of at tention ; yot when you were pulled np with pride .at your, own ..clovernesa I, Snigglo: iniokore, was laughing at you. ' What I was: tailing you a littlowhilc- sinco.wis a lie. I know ..too - r6of .' madoiig6iii , toot very ' night when you rind' rill 'the -rest thought it hitd; gone oufcfor ever. , I hided my time, and that- timo has c'pmev Had you rewarded rim and gi von me .means to' buy the shares when they wore low. this worild not bava happened-! Yon thought you had .raado' mo commit myself so" that I conld not turn ripon Yon arid demand my pAy. . But seo what your plotting has done." ' ... . Blind with terror, parrilyeod yito foar, Obadiah sank upon his kneoe. ': " Sniggles, my old! friend, my dear friend," ho said,' "ypu won't do.aiiything. -I'll givo you half my shares, hall my inonoy, half of overything. - Wo will shara' And share alike. There will bo enough . and to - spare. O, Sniggles 1 remember o.ur long acquaintance; what we havo dono for one another." ' "Yes, I do remombpr, V said toe men who had now hreomo mad with rago and hate. " I do remember, -and itlivworeo -for you. I remember the oxampIoVyou set mo when you oaused Jaok to be buried alivo in toiB very mirio. . You: eot mo thp joxamplo ; now I only follow your -lead; ' AB.'lor! your promises, I would no more heod' therii to'anlwould the voices of tho wind. H-Xwore to givo way, tho momont wo got above ground, you would hand mo over to too law, amLtooro would bo no moroy. 0, 1 do know -you." ' " No,no,"oricd Obndiah ;."as snfo as thore ie a heaven above us, Y. would not; eavo my life, and take ovorytoirigj" 'r. ! . "You talk! abont. heaven," cried Bniggloa, with- a sneer; "neither: you rior I shotjU nonseriri!, although wl;pn you were jmor, you mado a etalking-horeo of religion to, mount 1 6 highor ground. Who b'otrayed my wifo? Obadiah Sweetoomfort; Who broko up my happy homo, and riiado mo a by-word amongst my fellow-miners? Obadiali- Sweetoomfort." ' -.Obadiah did not reply ; ho cowered down upon the ground in abieot eupplication. . "Pity lnov pity mo, !:ho oncd, almoet in- ortioulatoly. '. ' , , : ' " Not if I pity rayBclf," ropliod Sniggles ; " I havo your 10,000 eori-riria, td-mortuw I will bo woaltliior than ovori-ybu woro. Prepare to die, Obadiah Sweotoomfprt j preparo to meet too God yon havo mdSkod, if fhero ia sueh a Being; get ready to face toe souls you have- ruinod, at His judgment feoaf." And lie iriado a movement to cast toe paper, whioh. ho had now. ilightod;- into the. trairi. Obadiah uttered on- awful, ory— ono . that echoed and rc-reho'ed-.through tho caverns of too mino ;; ono toatjntklfj'.iiii his murdorer's ears for ovor alter. BntVt)i'at ory hastened hie, fato; ' Fearing that itriilght be heard, Sniggles 'threw tho ilaming piper into too train of powder and xuabM-'itik'iiito 'toe'.tkiriauao, CHAPTER LXL ' - Whon Jack stopped out of too trairi in Mclbourno, at eight o'clock that ovoriing, too !platforin was alivo with, newsboys, who wero vociferating, " 'Braid, ecoond edition," a penny! Horfnl accident! .A mino busted up l" Jriok, bought a 'copy ; and as ho' wrio going down 'iri thoomnibua ho pulled it.oat .and read too paragraph whioh nearly overy passenger wno also scanning,' It reri'tous; — ! "Awful acoidentl" . ' ' ",A mino collapsed 1" . . " Arieh roefpr Duricd alivo !" . ." Torriblo oxoltoment I" ,' By speobl telegram. , ! " Grit, six o'olook;" ' "A torriblo explosion took placo in too Hesperus Extended mino this afternoon.', -It seems Mr. Obadiah Sweoteomfort and. too 'manager,' Mr. Snigglo Snlokers, wmrri down examining ono of tho old drives, whoro powder is ltopt, when tho latter left his. companion for . A piok. Mr. Sniokara had hardly got ont of tho' drivo whim a fearful explosion took. placo, \jrhich completely stunned him, and shook too mino to its centre. When' too hum had 're- covored themsolves, and' Mr. Snlokora had ro- gaincd his''Beriscs, thoy went baok to tho old. drivo whioh' thoy ' found . to . Irid : completely blocked .rip with stpno. . Tho havpo was tremobdous.'and will cOBt toorisandB to ropriir;' No hopos can bo entertained, about Mr. Swcot-' oorpfort, as too oxplOBion must havo instan- tanepuely killed him. Even|f ho were ahvo,- it would, tako days ' to. get liirn'out." Mr. Buickars states that Mr. Swoetcomfort aelicd liim to go for a piok iri order to .tcet some old Btone on too hanging wall. Mr. Sweetoomfort .was smoking ri oigar, and bad a righted oandle. Mr. Snickers warned him to keep away from tlio powder. The supposition is that ho was examining the mrigaziria when somo sparks from his cigar fell into too powder, or.that ho dropped his candle. Tho timber was very much .decayed, and mast have been swopt away by tho blast, too collapse of too drivo immediately following. Mr. Sweoteomfort was too wealthiest mino proprietor on Grit." "It is singular that several years ago in Grit, a minor named Meldori was bnricd alivo in this ririno; bat ho was rescued, and this gives hope to Mr. Swectcorafort's friorids." . : A mist roso before Jack's oyes. , Obadiah Sweetoomfort dead 1 And to meet his death in so horrible a manner. Jook remembered well the awful peril be himself had. escaped. At first a sort of oxultation camo into his mind,- |>at ho aniokly repressed it, for ha felt it was unbecoming a man, much less a Christian. But there was other business in hand, and great as was tho impression this had on Jaok's mind, ho almost forgot it in too prospect o( meeting Bertha and his father. . CHAPTER LXH. \- AMIcr long yesrs we meet sgsiit, . Never to part. Sorrow Is past, happy fates reign, Heart of my cart! Bnt then, poor erring mortal, itrajing On daat(i and lifca a eonfino ; Long in tlio land of llfo delaying, A different fato is tliino 1 Now, God, in mercy and in kindness, Upon thro pity hare, And pardon tnee thy sin and blindness On this sldo of tno grave. With a beating heart Jack found himself in WUlow-street. Ho would onco more see hor he loved so dearly ; ho would clasp her to his breast, and thenceforward thoy two would novot bo parted until death loosed tho silver band. How tlio blood coursed through his vohis; how bright visions of happiness in store roso before him, to vanish "ko shadows when too sun of reality sliono npon them. But this would not do; tima was passing, and tho sonl of tho guilty man from whom ho oxpeeted to learn so much might havo fled wliUo ho was waiting at tho door. Ho hod a duty to disehargo to Bertha, but ho was also under obligation to tho dear dood ; and when all camo to all, Joek folt tho gcntlo visitings of tenderness when ho thought ot his father. Ho lmd been a bad man; ho had crnolly used Janet and himself ; bo had been a drunkard, a gambler, a spendthrift ; yet, after all, was bo not his father? Hardly daring to breatho, Jack knocked at tho door. There was a panse. It was not until ho knoeked again that a step was heard, within, and then tho. door was slowly opened,: not by Berths, howsvor. Her father stood in- tho doorway, peering out in a childish way.; Jock felt, shocked whon ho saw how greatly: altered was too onco imperious Mr. White.: Timo had'wrought great change in others as: well as in him, and had brought wos to more than Jook. It was not long boforo Mr. Whito recognised his visitor. An infantile smilo of pleasure passed ovor hie faco, 'and extending his skinny hand, ho spako kindly, as if ho had forgotten all that had passed between them, i \- "Bless me, Jaok, is that yon?" said he. "What a long time you've been away., Hord ing your flook, rib doubt ? And how's father and mother? - Where's Spot? I'va not eoeri him for a long time."' : ! v Jaok looked at him pityingly. - Ho saw at once the great calamity 'whioh had' ruined his fortunes had affcoted his inindi Now, it was that ho understood at a glanoo the trouble and sorrow of poor Bertha— alone with 'on ldiot father. Hefelttoatinsteadof mooning about 'Grit, lamenting his fate; ho ought to have- put; his hand to the plough, and helped Bertha: But' what was the use of vain regrets' for ' the past? Tho future was all ho him to look to nowj. and/that future wpuld bo assured if human endeavor was of avail. - - ' "Ah,"- said too old man ; "you're wonder ing where Berths is I ' She's just gono out to look after the flook, and won't bo a minute. Come iri and sit down. Jaok, wo'vo. lost Lossy; sho took siak of too distemper ; and died. Lossy woe a good dog, Jaok'; eno know almost ae much as I did,'! 1 ; Jack was riot Of .an emotional nature, but it wae ae muoh as ho could do to keep dawn-bis tears. Ho had never oxpeeted tai- find -so torriblo a wreok. ; Bnt;- after all, vvas too' old man to bo pitied? Foor 'bdbbling' Lear, was ho notot least nnconseious of too terriblo realities of life?- ; y : - s ; : Tho handle of toe door was- 'now; turned. The blood rashed baok tO'-'Jaok's heart.; his whole being seemed paralysed. There at too door stood Bertha— Borthn, beautiful as ever ! Not the grand ' and glorious goddess of - old,, indeed ; hut a lovely, fragilo being ; sorrow in- ner lace, poverty in nor aspect ; ; one investor with a beauty that.wae oven'moro irresistible,' more touohing, than .too. beauty of too .past, Sho looked at her fatbor first ; then too saw Jack. A - short ory, a half-joyous, half- startlod exclamation, and hor head wob on his brraBt,-ber hands around his ncek, her lips to -his! - I ; It was too happiness of years orowdod into . too oxporioneo of a miiiuto l . 1 , , . Ho held her iri his arms ; ho kissed away too 'tears that .fiowad down hor polo, languid, ohcoks.' Neither spoke. !. ' In these few inoriients tho misunderstand ings of years,' too jealousies, fears, sorrows,: ol their youth' vsnitoed, and were, fe'rgotten. ' Heart was merged'into heart ; their souls be-; camo one. True and full'arid perfect love was' 'theirs. , As a flash of sunlight clears rip the darkness that has long hidden nature, so this gleam of true love at A atroko dissipatoJ too mists that had so long pfaveritoa 'perfebt nniori. . ' : i Blessod' moment I Happy are those who havo kriown .s'noh an oxperioneo; it repays tho sufforirig arid anxiety of yoars ;- it givos a' ploasrire that otherwise could riot bo obtained. Tho :pato to too sweetest oxtaoy is'olton through sorrow. As ho wlio has thirsted arid hungered long almost thanks his abstinonca for a new debght, so did thoy dorivo from too bitterness of too past frcslikiqietncss I \- Tho old man looked on in childish delight,, rubbing his handB with glbd. : Tho ' busiest- part of his lifo was now a blank, and for him thoro was no rccollcation of thq faying scenes of hls.latoqdays. Ho thought of Beran aud jaok as only A boy and girl, and toa idea occurred to his mind that: when they ware' grown up . thoy would make' A splendid pair I. . . " '' . "Iri my -happiness,' dearest Jaok,". said Bortha, " Ihad entirely forgotten yonr popr lather. His life is fABt ebbing, and you must loBono tlmoin fleeing him. Evidently hohas Bomo dreadful confession to make, anil 'until bo haa told yon -all ho will not bo at easo." i M Wherofeho?" nSkcd Jaok. "In - too 'noxt honso," ropliod Bertha. " Thoro is a girl Attending him, and FrudoricA Maoinnis is there. I haVo sont lor a minister, too, but yorir father will not listen to hhn.": " Prudoneo Maoinnis," said Jack,- mow wonders breaking in upon him. "I thought sh'o was dead years ago." ' ' ' " Sho is still living," replied Bortha ; q bnt it- is.'a long store,. and IlrtolT it to- you to; morrow. In too mcantfano let us mako.all; haste." ' ; . 7 . ' " -And taktng his hAnd too led hiiri' nnt. : 1 ' Jaok hardly know what to think of all tins. In a' moment tho wholo soorot of Ills Ufa socmcd pnravollod; Bertha was his; Hootor Maoinnis was in his hands. What mystery surronrided Frudonco'a existonco? ; : .. CHAPTER LXIH. . ' Brinaknm, upon whom death had now set his indelible stamp,- was in tho 'act of draining pit a glass of brandy, which' had boon given liim by Prudence, who horself showed evidences of sharing with him, when Jock entered. His. oyo caught Bight of his son immediately, and ho uttered a strange ory. ,' i q Como at laBt," . said he, as if greatly rcliovcd. " Como to sco tho old man die." " I hope not, father," said Jack, in a tender tono, for in tooprcsenco of death all his anger at his unnatural parent's post conduct died away. "Ihoponot. Wo will bo abla to mako you strong by-ond-byo." : "No foar l",said tho dying man; inhis old slangy way, " My time's run ; my shift's np, and I hear too Great Manager calling me to como for my wages. .Wagesi'.' Us cried, with a terrible laugh, "And such wages. Jack, yon don't know our manager ; ho pays in very hard coin." " My good man," Bold too minister, a grave personage of reverend aspect, " Tho wages of sin is death ; bat at too eleventh hour too greatest Binnar may return." " Pooh," said Bnnakum, who now scorned strong and hearty; " don't talk to mo that kind o( stuff ; I talked too much of it in my old timo not to know its value. Do you think when I'va been working for tlio dovit every shift during tho year, I can go and claim my wages off tho Almighty for a fow ririnutcs' Bpcll on New Year's Evo ? Not likely." Tho minister and tho listeners shriadorcd. " Yon shouldn't talk that way, Bunakum," said Prudoneo, whimpering, taking a sip at the samo timo; "it ail comes through your not taking another drop." " No, no," said too old man, " 111 havo no more last now. I havo something to do. Where s too magistrate ?" " Hero," said a policeman, who was stand ing by, and. a gentleman advanced to tho bedsiuo. Tho policeman took pen and ink. " Whatever statement you havo to make," said tho magistrate, "bo as olear as pos- Bible." "Yes,"- said Banakum, "111 bo clear enough, I warrant, clearer than will bo good for somo pcoplo. Jock, como closer to mo," Jaok went nearer to hie father. Tho others gathered round in a oirclo. Prudcnco seized too opportunity to dovoto herself to the brandy bottle. She argued that Bunakum wonld require littlo of it after ho hpd mado his con fession. " Jaok," said Bnnakam, " Yon remember toa night when yon fished mo out of too creek at Grit, don't yon? Well, after you'd left I foil in with a fellow— ho was afterwards killed at tho Southorn Cross Company's mino— and ho treated mo, whioh was welcome, seeing the drenohing I'd got. Alter that Bomohow or other I wandered down too strcot. I don't know trhy I went that way, but I did go. It was a.qucer night, tho moon breaking out of thoclouds occasionally, and toe winds moaning through toa trees liko ghosts talking, Whon I camo opposite where Janot's tent 'wash- yon know, Jack— I heard loud talking. I listened, and Bute enough, it was your iriothor and Hector. They wore talking in An oxoitcd mannor, bat as avoryoria .was away;- looking after too flood or drinking in honor, of too occasion, there was no one to hhar-thciri ox- cept mo. . And I wish— I wish T.hadri't heard them.- It mighthoqe been bettor for ns all; But I hated her, iri my wAy,', which wasn't much, for so long sb Igpt A glass, of liqrior,1.! oant say I had muoh -bad feoling.for anyonol 'Stilll hada sore.about too(wAy sho'd outmoj- and.it gavo ma a sort. qf pleasure to hear her quarrelling wito'him. .-.I supposoit'e natural: So I heard.hor.acousiug and threatening him; .and bitter .'words .sho used, ,veiy .bitter ; but they were, .truth';; and that - riiado. them the more.galling, i Now! and- then ho'd speak, and I shook in my shoes for .fesx ho'd know I was round, I, crept a bit closer, And getting ho! hind a stump! watohad thom. Ho .wae Bitting by - the table .looking . as blaok as -a thurider- :oforid— you. liriow 'howlblaok ho 'can look, -Prudence?" i !.:,' " ' \- ; " Don't I t!', was too interrogative reply ' of Prudence, as she hastily put by too untested -glass, . .. . ' :i ".WeU,-by.And-hy, it Boomed as if ho could stand it no longer. He stood up looking so torriblo, Chat I felt a conld ewedt breaking pat all aver .me, .'and I- shook liko a leaf— as I do, riom 'Stop this talk,' sahXho.'.M'vo-hAq enough of you audi am resolved never to see yon afioin. , If it waBri't for toe law I'd'kill you.' ' 1 Do,', says . yonr mother ; , ' I'd: soonor be dead than Uvo os I do now. Butlf you .lcavo me, you , shall never mnjciy '.another woman. You're told mo your past Ufo, and ;tho world- will .toiow it. to-morrow.', ' You aught to have soon him then. If ever ;I saw a devil: in human shape it was Hector at that momont." , . .'.-i-; . r:" V I ' It was. terrible to see Jaok just. thori.' . 'His facowas palo, his eyes flashed with oxaitcment; His- Breast neavoa , ana icu, . At last trie long: wished for revelation was at hand. . ; ; " Ho stood Btook; still for A few, minutes,!': continued Bunukum, " and then ha said hot-- ween his ..teeth:.! 'Fool' I was to trust a woman I' ..For a bitrhe soemed to.jiositato; but oil at onco ho mado a rush at. Janot And caught .hold, of her .by too- throat. 0 1 tho dreadful things .that followed. >1 hoard : hqr .givo one cry, toon, thoro waa, A sound ' of struggling.' When I looked again ho was kneeling over her. ! She havoc . moved. , He got up nnd trirnod.his faco, towards mo." V ' ; , Jack's omotionB: oould not ' bo controlled. 'He sprang up, his face fluehed,his eyes darting fire. ( / . '' , ' ' ! " Peaco, peace,'! said tho minister, q Ddey riot the confcssiori itoat seals too doom of too murderer." ,- - - But it.waa riot until Bertha took his band in. hers and soothed . him, that.: Jack., was . quieted. . . : Then ho sank upon a chair and buret into tears. The piottiro of his mother's murder wob more than ho oould hear. It was as he had so loug thought. ! .: . . : < >'.' That faoo I" orfed Bunukum, himself no-w dreadfully oxoited, !' I'vo riovor forgotten that faco. It.was not too faco of a living man— it was the faco of a corpse. ' Ho glanocd orico raoro at yonr mother, and rushod out ot too tent. - I don't know how it was ; just tlion I lost my hoad and jumped up. Ha saw mo at onco. I felt as if I;d been turned into storio. Up ho camo, his oyoe , oflro. ' Yon Baw ell -this? I couldn't speak ;. I dropped: down, on my knees. 'I wiUkillyou too,- lie sgid in an awful voice, and he caught mo by tho.thrpet, but I fonud -time to ory. out'.' Hector, don't kill mo ;. I'll novcr Bay a word about it. I've been your true'friend; and I'll always bo! You woro provoked to do it.' Ho Btoppcd then,' and I pleaded in' every way I knew, for. when your life's at stako and yousCa achanco of asoaping bolng cuohred, yonr tonguoloosone a bit, and mino wae always ready. 80, after a whilo ho. seemed to eh'ango, and especially when I told lum I hod aa much right to bo annoyed at Jonot as ho had." : Jook mode a frenzied movomont. ' " Now, now, , my boy," said" Bunakum, don't bo rash ; consldor tho peril I was in. God knoWB I'd never harm Janet; I novcr harmed auyond hut myself. Bo ho' niado mo swear a torriblo oath; and there and then pro mised nover to seo mo without monoy:1 And ho'e faithfully porformad that promise: But I don't want' Jfls money now. I'vo Jiad enough Of it, Tho'niora I got, too more harm it did mo; I nevor kept it. When I know . dnatli wan coming i couldn't met until -I had- told all; and to you, Jaok. - Janet would come ovory ; niglit to my bedsido, and there sho would remoin, Until I had ptomlicd to speak out. But when too day camo I always wont baok on it. Thon she would come with hun- . drcds 'of horrible beings and make ma promiso again. And Bho's been horo to night, np to too very time I finished.. Now alio is gone, and with her all tho horrors, ' I " feel better now, better, better !" ' 1 It;, was very. easy to see, however, that too _ temporary excitement whioh had borno him up was, dying away. ' Imagination, had so far, tormented him by, calling up terrible images', but now that ho had lifted a load off his mind . sho let him rest. . " Is that all down in black and wMto?" - asked Bunakum, faintly. "It is," replied the k magistrate. "Now sign." Bunakum signed. R was a strange signa ture. At his best ha never pretended' to . . write a good handj; but too caligraphy on this - occasion, was mora tliaa brdinarily liioro- glyphical. ! ' . ' . - 'You've not explained, said Jack, "how! ' Bridget O'itcgan and her husband became , , mixed up in tho affair." . Bunakum winced. "Hector's. fears alone mado thorn danger: ous,"saidhe; "Bridgottl'Ilegan saw us coming ! from too dirccticq; of Janet's place, and of course had sho said all sho could havo said tho circumstantial ovidonco would havo been / strong.. But you know-them times, Jock. \Vh gavo a good ezplanation.to our friends about Bridget's seeing us and thoy arranged , to givo toe old couplo a few snincre to keep tbcm quiet. But it was a bad investment; for thoy never ceased to persecute Hector afterwards, and though ho told them thoy know nothing', yet no always gavo, them money. Abont their death, I'd sooner say nothing; it's about tho only thing that weighs heavy on mo. I conld havo saved them." " I feel so easy now," saidBanaknm, "and you, Prudence, can- bear witness to a great deal more." " That I can," was the ready reply. "Ho rehearsed too sccno often enough in his ' dreams by my side. A small drop old man?" " Yes, yes, I'm tired out," said Bunaknm, ' taking a glass ; but it fell from his nerveless hand. Prudoneo put another glass to his lips and ho drained if off. "Jack," said Bunakum, In a low voico; "yon'ro young yet. Tako an old man's sd- vico and novcr taste a drop of drink. You sco what it has brought mo down to. ,Yoa know I might havo bran rich, respected, and happy, only for my fondness for drink. Don't bo lazy ; that's too father ot all that's bad." Jack did not reply ; ho waa thinking of too courao ho would adopt to bring Hector Macinnla to justice. Hib lofty position would provo an obstacle, for who woala bcliavo such a terrible accusation against so eminent "a man ; especially when tho principal accuser ' was a naif lunatio drunkard. Ho was - aroused from bis revcrio by a cry from Bunakum. " I boliova I'm going," said ho ; " it seems as if I was oil water, and I'm sura I haven't taken much ol that stuff." :.. " Bhall I pray ?" asked the minister. ... "H yon like," said Banakum. . VXho lights are. going oat fast, and the ; drive's Rotting very. dark. I see a lot of people. There's Harry, and Jim and Joe,\0U dead, years. gono by.. Look, 'ont boys; thoqold ( man's going homo to meet you. He's lived in Grit until everyone's forgotten htm. Bat : r : , yon .know mo, old frionds, old pals, in- too - - great digging. days when gold was plentiful, . It's mighty dsriq though|..'and .too bar, is -. hard, very hard— all sandstone. Miners of Grit too oilman's goinghomel homel andtha. 1 tyrant will havo it all his owil way; np inhis . i- ..r pleasant palace on; too hill. Strike, men of Grit IStriko hard I the rock's going I, thore the - light , of too eoridlcs. Ah I la . tots , too Beof?" , Arid, Banakum was dead. . There wps ono person who did not .witness - his death, Prudence iMecinms had- shpped -- out of tho room unobserved. \- CHAPTER LXIV. : ' A foarful explosion; a blast aa of a great n furnace; a dharp and torriblepam — ond tlien v followed nneonsoiousness. - When Obodtoh woko to lifo again, it was to find himself cold: Arid damp, surrounded by a thick darkness,- .tho air haying athiok sulphureous smell. No - sound broko on too: ear ; there was a terrible : Stillness, At first too man gazed . helplessly ' - : into tho gloom, aa ifoxpootlng to seo thoro tho, \- 'awful spoofxos of afaotoer world; and too flames : of torment: But gradually Ins senses awoko / - ' to'tho real situation; ond'it was with: a tordl- ing joy that he found -himself onco > more in - tho land of ifho living. - How ho hod escaped ' in : that tremendous convulsion ha conld not : . think; -It w|s suffloient for-him to know that he was saved at leaBt from immediate 'death. Perhaps, aftorall.anoutlothadboonilolt; and . , 'arid even if thefc was an opening, too nuners might bonblo to savo him, ns they had saved, - Jack. God might' bo merciful to him. Ho would1 bo brought to light agam, and then T10 would visit with owift vongoanoo too man who . . had betrayed hiin. In'toa.prespect of lifo too feara that had preyed upon him when ho bad . bccomo'oonsoious, filed away, and onco more - , hope, on' her golden pinioriB, hovorcd oronnd his head. What. wcalttoarid powor would: bo . his if ho onco moro breathed too air of hoavan I : . ' Ho would 'novur more risk hia lifo again in a mine. But' who could -imagine that Snigglo . . j Sniokcrs, whom ho had' takon-out of too dret, - and raised to:thc position of manager of -thq/ ; - Hcsparus Extended, '.wpald- have turnod upon him? . .- ;.. In this, delirium of hopo, ho thought ho , heard too miners pioking nway.at toe rook to . - rolcaso him; hat in a taw minutes ho became corivinoed it was' all- imagination;: A, still . , more profonnd and fearful silenoo followed. - Tho 'slightest sound would havo boon a relief, - but nono was heard. - Ho now tried to raise himSoll, so that ha .might eearoh tor -oh qpomng whoroby to csoapc. Bnt too slight mpvomcnt ho,mado, oausod hiin to shreik, and too hollow oavorn resorinded with cries liko-toosa of too.tor-. mcntod in the ahodo of doom. : His legs and arms wore broken I f Terror now mastered this wrelclicd being. Ho uttered cry after cry, Bcrcam after sorcam ; 1 ho celled and called;, ha implored- moroy, \- assistance ; ho prayed in bis agony to qcavcn, / . and vowed that if his lifo wero saved ho woald dovoto it to too scrvioo of too Great. Being, wliotri lie hod- despised.: Bnt toero waa no - answer, oavo too eohocs - whioh m poked and . ' jeered him; On ovory eido arosoo spcotroa . of those ho had roined-and wronged, gibing and meoking at him. - Conld hie face have been eoen in that tolok' gloom what-a picture . it would havo mndo of that of oho Of /tha lost , - ones in too Hall ot Ehlis.-' But no oya oould .. sco him, no cor oould hear his crios; . Ho-wos soon unable to ory or move; too loss of blood bad completely exhausted htm. For a timo,' indeed, he gasped out incoherent ' appeals to -heaven, to mon, to demons ; praw, ing and blaspheming by turns. Then Nat" \ — -1 refused to assist him iurtocr, and ho shrank 1 back into too gutter, where ho. was lying, a helpless plod. ; ! ' (To be cohtinucd.) . - > Two millers thin, 1 Oallod Bono arid Bkin,- . Would starvo us Ml, or near it ; : . . - \- Butboitknown / ; \- To skin and Bono, 1 : : . . .. That flesh and blood can't hoar it. . < , , —Byron, 