Turf Talk' By Nemo. The committee of the Australian Jockey Club have been engaged for Borne time past revising the proposed new rules, with a view to federation. By onr English files we learn of the death of the cele brated stallion, Adventurer. He waa by Newminster from Palma, by Emilias, and was the sire of the following high class performers : — Apology, Pretender, Ishmael, Plunger, and 'Wheel of Fortune. At the V. A. T. C. Meeting to be held on the 19th of Aueust, the principal event will be the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase of 200 sovereigns. The South Aurstralinn Jockey Clnb Spring Meeting will commence on the 16th of September, instead of on the 23rd, as previously intended. The A. R. C. and the S. A. J. C. are Btill at war. Entries for the Wagga Cup, &c.;, will fall due on the 7th of next month. Sportsman is first favourite for the V. R. C. Maiden Eurdle Race, at 3 and 4 to 1 ; Lady Hampden, for the Grand National Hurdle Race, at 4 to 1 ; and Great Western for the Grand National Steeplechase, at about the same figure. Jack in the Green, a very promising two-year-old, that ran fairly well at the V. R. C. Spring Meeting, has been sent to India ; and so has the speedy Gonzago. Kingsworth and Creswick is the favourite double for the Hawkesbury Handicap and the Metropolitan Stakes. Tillimby and Sportsman were hdded to the list of scratch ings at 4.20 p.m. on Wednesday laBt. ' Centaur's Index ' for 1882 has made its appearance, and can be purchased at J. C. Ross's, tobacconist, 100, Market- street, for le. Hesperian, Saionara, and the others of Tom Brown's team are doing well at the Hawkesbury. Capital entries have been made for the Maryborough (Q.) Turf Club Races, wMch are to come off on the 20th and 21st of this month. Proctor, the gallant son of Warlike, continues to carry all before him in Queensland ; but the penalties thus earned since the publication of weights are likely to put out his chanccB for the Hawkesbury Handicap ana the Metropolitan Stakes. Crystal, who recently changed hands, has gone into Mr. Filgate's stable. He arrived safely at Melbourne from Adelaide this week. The Ghost was heavily backed for tho Ladies' Trophy, run at Caulfield laBt week, but he failed to get a place, ana cut up as badly as he did in the Newmarket Handicap, when he was backed for a fortune. The EaeLwood bounds did not meet on -Saturday last, owing to the inclemency of the weather. Their next ' merry meeting' will take place to-day. Owners and trainers are cautioned against employing a lad named Patrick Farrell, who has absconded from his employers, Mr. A. Bradshaw, the well-known owner of racehorses. J. Williams, who rode The Ghost for the Ladies' Trophy was reported by the starter, Mr. G. Watson, to the stewards for disobedience, and was suspended from riding for three months. Letting on the A. J. C. Derby is at a standstill ; but Segenhoe holds his own in the market for the Victorian ' Blue Ribbon' at 4 to 1 , and Gudarz and The Gem appear to he the most fancied for the Melbourne Cup. Mr. C. S. Guest, the energetic secretary of -the Hawkes bury Race Club, has favoured us with a neatly printed pamphlet containing the complete nominations for the Hawkesbury Guineas, Mares' Produce Stakes, and Hawkes bury Grand Handicap, as well as the full programme for the 'ensuing August Meeting. Advance, who fell and broke his leg when running for the Ladies' Trophy, had to be destroyed. He was the Droperty of Mr. Weeks, and was by the imported horse Gang forward from Etta (imp.), by Parmesan. Coolsbah was scratched for the Great Metropolitan Stakes at 9.30 on Saturday. Stella was scratched for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap at 12.30 on Friday, the 7th instant. The mare was mafln first favourite when the weights appeared, and considerable euiprite has been caused by the pen having been drawn through her name. The imported mare Willow Wren was withdrawn from the Great Metropolitan Stakes at 7.10 a.m. on the same day, so that 96 still remain in for that impor tant event. The City Corporation has granted a piece of land to the Adelaide Racing Club in order that the club may have a straight five furlongs. A man named Murphy had a dispute with a book maker at Grafton wMch he settled with the butt end of a , rifle. The bookmaker is recovering, and Murphy is com mitfed for trial. Disputed wagers should always be referred to Tatteraall's Club, and not to either end of a gun. ' Kingsworth is now first favourite^ for the Howkeebury Handicap at 100 to 7; and Creswick holds the «hm honourable position at the same figure tor the Great Metropolitan Stakes. Larpent has been scratched for the V. R. C. Flat Race, which is to come off at the Steeplechase Meeting on Satur day next, Don Giovanni, full brother to Don Joan, who won the MelfcournejDup in 1873, is for sale in Victoria. Navigator's supporters are very quiet, but it is said that he is doing good work. The Sydney Tnrf Club will hold its Winter Meeting at Bandwick on Thnreday, the 10th of August ; and entrances, one sov. for each event, are to close with Mr. T. S.Clibborn at 4 p.m. on Wednesday, the 2nd of August. J. Griffen, who had his leg broken by a fall from Pioneer in the open steeplechase at Caulfield, is progressing favour ablv. Very little credit is given to Prometheus for his recent win at Adelaide, for it is said that he got five lengths the best of the start, and then only won by three-quarters of a length from a moderate field. Several reputed ' judges ' have, thus early, made the assertion that Segenhoe, like Monmouth, will bring his family into disrepute. . The following bookmakers have been approved of by the committee of the Victorian Racing Club, and have paid the license fee of £25, which entitles them to the privilege of plying their vocation at Flemington E. N. Abrahams, G. Alderaon, Benjamin Allen, Isaac Allen, William Branch, Oscar Barnett, Lewis Barnard, Israel Barnard, Reuben Barnard, John Barnard, Michael Cohen, John Colman, Samuel G. Cook, John Cowen, B. Coleman, Leon Cohen, Henry Coleman, Thomas Coker, Denis Fountain, Charles J. Fleming, Philip Glenister, John H. Giles, Louis Green, Joseph Gray, Samuel Grimwood, Henry Goldspink, Harry Raines, Nathaniel D. Herman, Alfred Harper, Joseph Harper, A. Halinbourg, John Hausman, William Harper, Aehur Hart, Samuel Isaacs, Moss Isaacs, S. T. Jacobs, E. E. Jones, Morris Jacobs, Alfred Joseph, George King, John Leek, Henry Lyon, Joseph Levey, Joseph Davis Marks, H. Moses, James J. Miller, W. H. M'Millan, John Martin, H. Oxenham, T. P. O'Brien, G. A. Patterson, - Henrv H. Prince, Joseph Raphael, Austin Saqui, J. 1. Saquf, Theodore Sampson, Mish Solomons, William Sayer, Joseph Solomons, Henry Thompson, Joseph Thompson, B. 8\. Thompson. John Thompson, James Herbert White, Laurence Zucker. The weather was beautifully fine and clear at Rand wick on Tuesday morning, but rather cold. Mr. Ivory was out a little earlier than usual, and treated his team to useful work. The youngsters belonging to. the various strings were sent their usual studies, and amongst them are some that should be equal if not superior to any that have stripped at Randwick during past . years. Lord Loftus and Postcard went a fast gallop to gether, and the former is coming on well, and if his brittle hoofs do not interfere with him, should have a word or two to say in the classic races of the coming season. Jems and Courtenav did about a mile and a half Btaadily, aad then rattled along for a little more than half a mile. Both shaped remarkably well, and the Derby filly, who really enjoys the fun, promises to be in great buckle by September, Onr old friend Courtenay never looked better, ana it is to be regretted that he is not engaged in one or more of th& important handicaps tbat are now attracting attention. The Drummer, Sardonyx, and Vaucluse put in a strong two miles and a half, and the trio are, just abont in the right sort of condition for the time. Ross rattled Kerolite and Belvedere twice round to a merry tune, and the former is beginning to look a trifle light. Rupert, Stella, and the others of Allsop's string went nice com fortable work. It would appear that Rupert has not the best constitution in the world, and the more kindly he ie treated ,in his preparation the better he will be when the colours are donned. Stella moved freely and well, and: it is difficult to assign a reason for her withdrawal from the Hawkesbury Handicap; still her owner and trainer are entitled to the thanks of the specu lative public for having drawn the pen through her name at such an early date. Hecla, who continues to im prove, went a servicable couple of turns and ran homo smartly. Lord Orville and Silver Arrow did twice round in good form, and the former may have a good outside show for the Metropolitan. Segenhoe and Dunedin cantered, and then brushed along for about three-quarters of a mile, and the Derby favourite continues to do well. Creswick performed a nice working gallop alone ; and so did Childers. Wheatear, Trumpet Major and Sir Oliver were sent twice round at a medium pace, and then came home pretty fast Brunette and Fandango went twice round, and the former iB a sweet, pretty goer. Morpeth, Gostwyck, Garryowen, and a few others aid average work. Mr. E. E. Jones intends to give a cup, value 25 guineas, to the Hunter River Amateur Turf Club for a cross country steeplechase, to be ridden by gentlemen who have followed the hounds during the season, and it is probable that the race will come off at West Maitland about the end of next month. Miss Nash, daughter of Dr. NaBh, of Wallsend, who was so seriously injured a few days ago by a fall from the hurdle racer Darby the Blast, is progressing favourable Our Bourke correspondent telegraphs that a match for £40 a side, 1 mile, came off between Mr. Hope's Diver, winner of several races here, and Mr. Bull's Elk, resulting in an easy win for the former. A cricket match— England v. Australians— played here waB won by the latter in one innings and 12 runs. The event occasioned considerable ex citement locally. The Eastwood Hounds had a severe run of nine or tne miles after a dingo at East Maitland on Wednesday week. Amongst those present were Mr. E. Terry on Lord of the Forest, Mr. Reddett on The Pirate, Mr. John Bales, jun., on Faust, Mr. Williams on Robin Hood, Mr, South on Gaffir, Mr. Walter Reynolds on Wanda, Mr. Logan on Amateur, Mr. Harris on Nellie, Mr. A. Roles on Grey Tommy, Mr. W. Ealea on The Duke of Buckingham, Hicks on Mark, one or two others, and the whips, H. Lodge on Lady Power and J. M'Carthy on Myrtle. In addition to those mentioned, abont 20 ' locals ' took part in the first part of the run, and some of them went well till want of condition told on their horses. The_ hounds staited from near the West Maitland Railway Station, and crossed the Morpeth railway line, up a big hill, and past the residence of Mr. A. Brown into timber country, where several sets of the rails had to be negotiated. A double in and out of a rood brought them to the slaughter-house, where a big pig-proof fence was thrown behind by most of the straight goers, and after a rattling five miles, a check took place. A 6hort spell was then granted, and after casting about for a little while, the scent was again taken up, and a stiff three fail fence at the top of a steep hill was jumped with scarcely a rap by the favoured few that had the honour of being at tbe front. A dried-up swamp, some rough going, and excellent jumping over a lot of fair fences fol lowed, and then the dingo, heading straight for Morpeth, created a sensation in that quiet township, by running straight through one of the principal streets. Being ham pressed, he jumped into the river, and, the hounds follow ing, the horsemen bad to wait on the bank to watch the issue of affairs. After having bad a pretty long swim, the dingo returned to the bank, and the hounds were beaten off, and so ended one of the best runs of the season, in which tbe Pirate, Myrtle, Robin Hood, Amateur, and Grey Tommy showed to advantage. At the Rockhsmpton races on the 7th, the weather was fine, and the attendance of spectators very good. Sub joined are the results Mares' Produce Stakes : Muriel 1\. Corinthian Cup: Silverhair 1, Liberty 2, Kelso 3. Publicans' Puree: All Fours 1, Chester 2. Rockhampton Handicap: Proctor 1, Centurion 2, Nabocklish 3. (Six started. A great race home was won by a neck, Nabock lish 10 lengths away. Time, 3 minutes 44 seconds.) Selling Race: Steamboat 1. Wind- up- Race : Silverhair 1 , Kelso 2, Adamantea 3. The Townsville races were continued on the 8th, with the following results: — Railway Handicap : Argufl Scandal 1, ' Drummer Boy 2. Hurdle Race : Pompev 1, Chancellor 2. Club Handicap : Mirabeau 1, Fair Jane 2, Ace 3. Mem bers' Cup: Sleepy 1, Callingal 2. Eoroed' Handicap: Ace 1, Crazy Jane 2, Argue Scandal 3. At Bocknsmpton, the match arranged between Rioter' j and Hilltop was withdrawn. A hurdle race waagpt up on Saturday, which was won by King of the Ring, Buccaneer j being second. ' i 