CONSECRATION OF THE RIGHT REV, DR. (JANE, FIRST CATHOLIC BISHOP OF ROCKHAMPTON. [FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] Sydney, May 2-2. On Sunday last an event of very great importance to the Catholic residents of Queensland, and in which an unusual amount of interest has been manifested, took place at St. Mary's pro-Cathedral, Sydney namely, the consecra- tion of the Right Rev. Dr. Cam, who was recently appointed by his Holiness the Pope to the position of Bishop of the newly-estab- lished, diocese of Rockhampton. The consecration of a Bishop is one of the most interesting and solemn of the ceremonies of the Catholic Church, and the whole proceedings at St Mary's on Sunday were carried out with much solemnity by and ecclesiastical grandeur. It was not till half-past 11 that the service commenced, but long before that time the spacious building was filled in every part, and anon; an ornate and brilliant appearance. The entire sanctuary was artistically draped with bright coloured silks and damages, while the Archi- episcopal throne was covered by an elegant canopy of white satin. The high altar was adorned with Church ornaments and flowers, and as the light through the windows was subdued by the heavy draperies the appearance of the sanctuary was made the more imposing by that " dim religious light " which heightens the effect and adds so much to the impressiveness of all Church ceremonies. In the right aisle of the pro-cathedral a chapel was fitted up for the Bishop elect, and on the altar in this chapel there were vases of flowers and lighted tapers. The ecclesiastics who were to take part in the ceremonial assembled at the presbytery about 11 o'clock, and there the con- secrating prelate (Archbishop Vaughan), the assistant Bishops, the Bishop elect, and the officiating priests were attired in the proper vestments. Under the direction of the master of ceremonies (the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer a procession was formed, and after marching through the cathedral grounds the ecclesiastics and acolytes entered the church by the door near the choir. First came the acolytes in their picturesque costumes, preceded by cross and torch bearers ; then a number of priests attired in cassocks and surplices, after whom walked their lordships the Right Rev. Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland), Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan (Bishop of Goulburn), Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani (Bishop of Armidale), and the Bishop elect, and their respective chaplains; then the archiepiscopal cross bearer ; next the deacons of the mass and throne and last of all the Archbishop and his attendants. As soon as the sacerdotal procession entered the building the choir burst forth in the anthem "Ecce Sacerdos Magnus." As chief celebrant and consecrating prelate Dr. Vaughan was arrayed in full pontifical, mitre on head and crozier in hand, and the attendant deacons wore elegent vestments of white and gold richly ornamented. The Bishop elect wore a magnificent cope and a small black Biretta, wine the Bishops of Maitland and Goulburn, in addition to copes and mitres of white silk, wore rockets, dances, and stores. When the procession reached the sanctuary all who had taken part in it were conducted to the places allotted them. Archbishop Vaughan was escorted to his " toadstool" near the High Altar, and the assistant Bishops and Bishop elect were accommodated with seats immediately in front of him, facing the altar. Dr. Torreggiani, who did not take an active part in the ceremonies, retired to a place prepared for him on the epistle side of the sanctuary. In addition to the Bishops the following clergy- men were present Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, V. G., assistant priest ; Very Rev. Dean Dwyer and Rev. J. Fleming, masters of care- monies ; Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick and Rev. C. F. P. Collingridge, deacons of the mass ; Rev. J. J. Garvey and Rev. J. M. Garavel, deacons of the throne; Very Rev. Father Dalton, S.J.; Hew W. J. Kelly, S.J.; Very Rev. Pere Joly, S.M.; Rev. P. J. Mahon ; Rev. Father Ecnycr, S.M.; Very Rev. Dr. Byrne, of Bathurst ; Rev. A. Ambrosoli, and Rev. B. Callachor. Dr. Byrne acted as chaplain to the Bishop of Maitland and Father Ambrosoli as chaplain to the Bishop of Goulburn, while Father Callachor attended on the Bishop elect. The proceedings were commenced by the assistant Bishops bringing up the Bishop elect and. presenting him with respectful obeisance to the Archbishop, after which they resumed their seats. - The senior assisting Bishop (Dr. Murray then said :-.' Most Reverend Father Our Holy Mother the Church demands of you to promote the priest here present to the office of a Bishop." To this the consecration replied, "Have you the apostolic mandate?" The senior assistant Bishop said, " We have," whereupon Pure Joly, S.M., acting as notary to the presiding Bishop, read the mandate. After this somewhat lengthy document had been read Dr. Cani, kneeling before the con- secrating probate, pronounced the prescribed oath. The Bishop elect, in the words of the office, declared that with his whole heart he desired in everything to act in conformity with the Holy Scriptures. He also promised to teach by word and by example to the people over whom he was to be set whatever things he had learned out of the Holy Scriptures. He promised also that he would reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers, and the decretals, and constitutions of the holy and apostolic sec. He likewise promised canonical obedience to Pope Leo XIII, as the representative of St. Peter that he would so order his personal conduct as to avoid all that was evil, and with God's assistance would follow after all that was good; that he would teach and practice the cardinal virtues that he would as much as possible avoid secular affairs, and forbear to seek after worldly gain, and that he would practise and touch the virtues of humility and patience and lastly, that he would, for the Lord's sake, be kind to strangers and be pitiful to the poor. After all the questions had been satisfactorily answered, the consecrating prelate said "' Most beloved brother in Christ, may this thy faith be increased by the Lord until thou shalt come to true and eternal happiness." All in the sanctuary answered " Amen !" and then the Bishop elect was conducted to his chapel, where he divested himself of his cope, and was vested with chasuble and simple, stole, tunic, dramatic, pectoral cross, and sandals. Pontifical High Mass was commenced by Archbishop Vaughan and Dr. Cani, and the assistant Bishops at the special altar in the chapel recited the serviced the mass in unison with the consecrating prelate at the High Altar. The epistle and tact beingunislicd, the Bishop elect proceeded to the sanctuary, accompanied by Dr. Lanigan and Dr. Murray, when the consecration briefly instructed him on the duties of his episcopal office. The consecrates then called upon the congregation to pray for the newly- appointed prelate, that his episcopate might be for the benefit of the Church, and then followed the Litanies with special suffrages for the elect. Then the book of Gospels was placed on the shoulders of the Bishop elect, and after that the consecrated and assisting Bishops solemnly laid their hands on his head, saying the sacramental words, "Accipe Spiriluin Sandton" (Receive thou the Holy Ghost). The consecrated having laid aside his mitre, offered up the prayer propitiate domine, etc, and so passed on to the Susan Coats. The beautiful hymn, . "Veni Creator Spiritus," was subsequently begun by the Archbishop, and completed by the assembled clergy, with Fntheirf Fitzpatrick and Garavel as the principal chanters. Whilst the hymn was being rendered the presiding prelate anointed the head of tbenewBishopwith chrism, saying the duly-appointed words, "Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of high priest by heavenly benediction, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." The hands of the now Bishop were next anointed, and having done that the Consecrated said, " Be these hands anointed with sacred oil and the chasm of sanctification ; as Samuel anointed David to be king and prophet, so so they anointed and consecrated. In the name of God the Father, and of God the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour the Lord Jesus Christ, who redeemed us from death and obtained for us the kingdom of heaven." Pi ayers were then offered for the check at the conclusion of which the consecration blessed and gave the new Bishop his crozier or pastoral stall', which was of brightly burnished silver ; his episcopal ring, the book of Holy Gospels and lastly, with the other prelates he greeted him with the fraternal kiss of peace according to the ancient custom of the Catholic Church. When placing the ring on Dr. Carr's finger- the consecrated said, "Receive this ring the pledge of silence, that, being adorned with the token of untainted fidelity, thou mayest guard with honour incorrect The practise of God, His Holy Church." On handing him the crozier he said " Receive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice- thou mayest employ severity with kindness,,' and exercise judgment without auger, and that in cherishing virtue thou mayest soothe the minds of th dear sis without neglecting faith peacefulness, the severity of i em off, and on presenting him with the Book of Gospels, "lîcceivothe Gospels, and go forth and pi each it to the people committed to thee, for God powerful to augment His grace to those, who noth and reigneth world without end " The iicmIv con secured Bishop this returned to his chapel, and went on with the mass as fu as their top when heagainpiocccded to the sanctuary), this time for the purpose of presenting the con seciating prelate with two mix. carries two loaves of Ward, and two miniature casks of wine Both the house and the wine tasks were covered with gold and silver, and bore the crests of the new Bishop and the consecration, as also did the candles After the presentation the Bishop of Rockhampton proceeded to the side of the High Vit u, and said and did all that pet tuned to the pontifical office of the nuns, in unison with the most reverend celebrant 'There were special prayers- appointed and in cited during the remainder of the service both in the canon and post communion, and at the conclusion of the mass the consecrating prelate blessed and placed the mitre on the head of the consecrated Bishop, and, having conducted him to his seat, placed the crozier in his hand, and then bow into the alt n, intoned the opening of the 'lo Demil Whilst the In man of joy was being 31mg by the guests, the Right Rev Dr Cam, supported on either side by one of the assisting Bishops, proceeded round the church, giving his blessing to the congregation as he passed along On the estimate the sanctuary the consecrating and nesting pi states, without mitres, stood it the Gospel side and the new Bishop went to the centre of the altar and pronounced the pond Heal benediction At the blessing the site tuary presented a most imposing appeal meet the richly vested pi relates md deacons, the number of scailctiobed acolytes, the assem- blage of guests in black and white robes the handsome di openers, and the High Alt n dazzling with lights and Howes, made up a scene never before equalled in these colonies The music is jim tion of the service consisted of selections from Haydn's 16th Mass and Van Bi eos No 1 Mrs Frank Bl owed, His Gilfoyle, Mr James Finch), Mr J H Blythe, and Mr M Fitzpatrick, were the soloists Herr Sussmilch conducted, and Mr Thos Bulks presided at the organ On the whole the performance of the effort was a creditable one Father William Kelly), S J, who delivered an address some short time since in St Stephens, Brisbane, was the preacher of the day, and the sermon was deity ei ed immediately after the Gospel Taking for his text the wotds-"ThoPastoi and Bishop of j our souls ," 1st Epistle St Peter 2 ch sp 23th v , 1 Father Kelly) delivered a hi silently eloquent and pro founded interesting discourse on the episcopal office, its origin and meaning, and the duties and responsibilities of the spiritual pastor to God and to his flock The office of a Bishop was one of unflagging labour, endless care, and constant watchfulness, and the difficulties and trials were increased when a Bishop was placed in a diocese such is the one to which Dr Carr had been appointed The new Bishop had cheerfully entered upon his apostolic 1 thomas, and had declared himself ready to sacrifice his health and strength and to lay down his life if necessary. for the glory of God and the advancement of religion He (Father Kelly) had had the happiness of meeting Dr Cam on three occasions fEast at the council held in Mel- bourne at which Bishops and guests from all parts of Australasia attended, and Dr Cim, who attended that council as a Doctor of Divinity, as the theologian of his reverend and beloved Bishop, and as the sect star v of an as part int i religious congi eg ition, displayed great ability in the debates The second time was in on the occasion of a visit to Brisbane, and then he found him e laid on a great work, labouring unceasingly, and with love and self do not, to bring to a completion the cathedral at St Stephen Di Cam spent his days and lights in a mere novel under the shadow of the temple that was slow Ij glowing and attaining its grand proportions, and he appeared to live only for the cathedral, so great was his zeal and so strong his love for the glory of the House of God the third time was when he visited Brisbane to take part in the solemn commemoration service for the late lamented Bishop, and he was then administrator of the diocese While holding this responsible position, and in the midst of all his c ues mci troubles, he expressed a hope that he might be fortunate enough to secure the services of a missionary of the, in order that he might travel to the extreme limits of the extensive diocese and came with him the consolation and blessings of i e ligion He would not in that place make am more than a passing reference to his labors s He had now been placed as the Bishop over large and interesting i calms md he (Patrick Kelly) asked all present to pray fit it blessing-, may descend upon him and fill his heart with so and consolation, and to meet with the G'fuueli in her prayer that the days and the labours of the first Bishop of Rockhampton in to be long, and it met at, md felicitous The solemn jet brilliant ceremonies were brought to a close with the mutual constitute tions of the newly consecrated Bishop on his consecration and the Assistant Bishops prelates, priests and acolytes then formed a procession and moved through the chief chas they had entered, the of games played,. an inspiriting match from the pro Cathedral the procession proceeded through the grounds to the presbytery) the Archbishop and Dr Cum blessing the people who " either ed around as it passed along At the presbytery the new Bishop was entertained at i b merit It was near 1) 2 o'clock before the Church ceremonies were crushed beneath) the whole of the congi eg iron i remained till the last During his stay in Sydney the Bishop of Rockhampton has been the guest of Archbishop A Hughan, at St John's College, 