[?] Henry Kendall. At the close of one of Coleridge's ' Sibylline Leaves ' \- — the poem of ' The Three Graves, a Fragment of a Sexton's Tale ' — the poet abruptly passes out of the fearful and disturbing dream of his genius, and sorrow fully exclaims, ' Carmen reliquum infutumm tempus relegatum,' To-morrow! and to-morrow! and to -morrow ! ! The lines might form, no unfitting epitaph for the grave that has just been opened to reoeive the body of Henry Kendall. The song that he hoped one day to sing will never more be sung — in his own ?now tearfully affecting wordB : ' The song that once I dreamed about, The tender, touching thing, As radiant as the rose without, The love of wind and wing ; The perfect verses, to the tune I Of woodland music set, j As beautiful as afternoon, Remain unwritten yet.' , -Not the least of his many claims upon our tender sym pathy — upon our pity for a dawn of such bright , promise so Boon obscured — was his own ever-modest -and critically delicate perception that he had not neared the object of his aspirations ; that he at all times sadly and humbly enough confessed that his sweetest songs yrete but the ' broken words of blind occasions;' and that he could not pretend to having that magic talisman of mighty power — a poet's wide possession of the earth. Be may have more than once offended, by what a man of a superb imaginative faculty (who was alike cut off in the very flower of his age) has described as the wanton and tangled wilfulness of a beautiful pre cooity and a beautiful immaturity ; but it will not, we think, be found by the most curious and least sympa thetic student of his brief life that he was at any time insensible of his imperfections, or that he offended by a «rftnt of that sweet humility which after all is, to borrow the phrase of the Theologians, one of the undoubted ' notes ' of genius. Before such a life, however broken, however incomplete, however dis appointing, -tJie severest criticism is softened ?«nd«-sentiment of compassion is inspired. The ex \»ession of the fastidious sense of disappointment which some of us may experience standing round this grave of a poor gifted creature of imagination seems so strangely, so grotesquely superfluous, when we con eider that he who lies there in sound, perfect peace was himself much more dissatisfied with his own perform ance than even the subtlest and severest of his hyper critical survivors. And in place of a feeling of this kind, we shall tenderly cherish the memory of so muoh luui, uuuur uiBuuuragmg uuuuwswtiiueB una wita a b&q.; -environment of di faculties and distresses, was actually .-accomplished. Whether in the highest sense he to whom so much was denied as well as so much was given enjoyed the anticipated delights of the Poet's Portion as they have been sung with such exquisite .pathos by one whose brave, pure life was also one of -flufferingand disease is doubtful — whether he was blest to see the flower in its seed before its leafy presence — 4o taste rich honey ere the bees are busy with the broomB, or, ere another knew the flrst of sunlight was abroad, to gee its golden 'flection of the topmost trees, we know cot.EE e lias told U6 in perhaps the maturest effort of ; iiis genius, the noble poem of dedication of his last volume, that in the contemplation o£ Nature in her forms of awful majesty and seductive beauty he felt caught away by flames of inspiration, but that the vvrords sufficient for the story of his dreams were far *too splendid for poor human lips. And it is not with out a humility in estimating his own powers at least -as touching as the melancholy of the thought that he ^claims and hopes for no more than that ' certain sounds ..Of strong, authentic sorrow in this book TMav have the sob of upland torrents, ?t&ndthat; ...... these, And only these may touch the great world's heart,' /In these columns some Id months eince we cordially -welcomed the publication of the laBt of Mr. Ken dall's collections of poems j and in quoting the remarks \- of an English critic in the pageB of the Athene/sum in 1866, advising the then youthful singer to leave all imitative efforts behind, and frankly recognise the advantages as well as the disadvantages of his distant ! sphere of life and action, we presumed respectfully to ; question whether he was literally accurate in picturing ilia isolation from all the refining influences of literature, and, so to speak, deprecating the severity of criticism on his originality of conception and treatment ;o£ various subjects. We then obeexved, as we now believe erroneously : ' He is not in his lonely home so far ' Away from men, and books and all the schools' .as not to have read, for example, 'Atalanta in Caly ?don' and 'Chastelard,' the dramatic lyrics of Browning and LaSaisiac, the ' Two Poets of Croieic,' or, later still, EchetloB,Pietro of Abano,Clive, and Pan and Luna.' -In other words, that he did not want, though ' endow'd I 'with highest gifts, the vision and the faculty divine,' ' -those 'advantages which Wordsworth in the celebrated passage in the ' Excursion ' speaks of &8 ' culture, and '? ike inspiring aidof books,' and being ' led by circum I stances to take into the height the measure of oneself,' I and that even in his latest work could be discovered | the traces of an inspiration not born of the contempla | lion of the silent faces of the clouds and Btars — not | drunk in by his spirit — needing nor sound nor any (Toioe of joy, bnt manifestly springing out of the loving study o£ forms of beauty which brain and hand had given to the world, 'Not long after that remark was made we were satisfied &&t; it had, so far at least as the second series of Browning's Dramatic Idylls was ooncerned, no foundation whatever in fact — that Mr. Kendall had, indeed, never seen the book until his attention was called to it by the suggestion. And it may be observed that his opportunities of becoming acquainted with the finer examples of . contemporary literature were sufficiently scanty. He was living for some years (up to a period a little later than the appearance of his last volume) at a plaoe remote from all possibility of intercourse with the world, and under circumstances inconsistent with the means of brightening his loneliness by the posses sion of new books. It is not only fair to remember his solitude and his poverty in considering his work, but it is absolutely essential to a just estimate of what he did. If as, with equal pathos and dignity he pleads for a tender remembrance of his disadvantages that he ' sings no song of mighty compass,' that he has ' worn his singing robes' but in stolen moments, and that all his days have been the ' days of a laborious life,' he will not—he cannot — be judged in the same way as one whose sole dedication to the lofty ends and objects of literature has been made easy by fortune and circumstance, sweetened by domestic happiness, un disturbed by infirmity of purpose, or unclouded by sorrow. He was not one of the favoured children of genius and bright fortunes, serene in the contemplation of widespread happiness, of a nature meek and pure as womanhood, and upon whose path 'was shed the tranquil light of a grateful acceptance and enjoyment of Heaven's choicest blessings. It is of the least possible im portance to inquire whether a stronger and a braver man would have met difficulties and sorrows with a nobler endurance, and challenged our admiration of his heroic resistance and final victory. It may and it doubtless is a very hard thing — as hard, indeed, as to ask them to believe in heroic virtue — for comfortable, prosperous, eminently respectable people who have hap pily been saved from the agonising sensibilities of genius to understand or pity the victims of its tempta tions. To such people even the pitiful confessions of the dreamer of ' Kubla Khan ' of his own childish helplessness, of what he called his ' strengthlessness,' are but the perishable drivellings of a drunkard; and yet that man, of a sanctity as genuine as his genius, declared before God — with what an awful and affecting solemnity and fervour ! — that the curse and slavery of his life did not commence in any low craving for sensation, in any desire or wish to stimulate or exhilarate himself, but wholly in raBhness, delusion, and at last in pure terror. The curse of suoh liyeB as often belongs, as in Coleridge's case, to a dominating imaginative faculty creating for itself a world of its own and demanding for the maintenance of its empire the day-by-day ex hausted revenues of force and will, and ending in the supreme necessity of a fatal stimulation of all resources, physical as well as intellectual. Or as Kendall unconsciously paints the curse in the opening lines of one of his poems : ' Phantom streams were in the distance, mocking lights of lake and pool — Ghosts of trees of soft green lustre— groves of shadows deep and cool! Tea, some devil ran before them changing skies of brass to blue; Setting bloom where curse is planted— where a grass blade never grew.' A few words are all that it is now necessary to say on the work that he has done. In this country it is, or ought to be, thoroughly well understood. There is no home, however humble or however distant, which some of his pieces have not reached and brightened But it is not here that his plaoe among poets (if it is to be taken at all) will be fixed. While he was with ub we had indeed a peculiar right of enjoyment and admiration of his genius. Now that he has left us, we shall perpetuate that enjoyment by affectionately cherishing his memory, and by pressing in the leaves of the book of our loving thoughts the wild flowers of hiB delicate fancies, which he gathered for us on the lordly mountain slopes, and in the valleys of the moss and myrtle, and the glimmering watgrpool. It may, indeed, be that he will not be recognised among the peers of those bards whose . . . . ' fame-lit laurels glance, Darkening the wreaths of all that would advance.' But each of us may and ought to think of him as one who in the heart-sorrowing tenderness of the lines in one of Shakspeare's Bonnets was thus addressed : \-- Hail my friend s muse grown with this growing age, A dearer birth than this his love had brought, To march in ranks of better equipage ; But Bince*he died, and poets better prove. Theirs for their style 1 11 read : his for his love.' It may, perhaps, not unfairly be said of him that his marvellous command of language impaired rather than helped his work of imagination. He was least suc cessful in his most ambitious efforts ; and his thought was not unfrequently too poor for the splendour of its apparel. Macaulay says in one of his critical pieces that it is a mistake to suppose that the progress of language necessarily aids the imagination; and points out that, though at first favourable, it at last becomes fatal to it, and, instead of compensating for the decay of the imagination, accelerates that decay and renders it more obvious. And Mb illustration is that of the ad venturer in the Arabian tale who, by anointing one of his eyes with the contents of the magical box, had all -the riches and splendour of the world revealed to his sight, but that blindness was the penalty of anointing both eyee. He goes on to say that what the enchanted elixir was to the bodily eyes language is to the eyes of the imagination. At first it calls up a world of glorious illusions, but when it becomes too copious it altogether destroys the visual power. We shall make but one or two extracts from lus.last volume ; and in the following one we select a piece which is free from the defect to which we have adverted, and which we should have been unable to quote had he not now met again for ever the object of his worldly love and imperishable sorrow. As an example of hiB sweetness and tenderness, of his pathos rendered sacred by Buffering and poverty* and of a pictured sorrow and resignation so deep and yet so fflim that, in Coleridge's words on the midnight slumber of his cradled infant at his side, . 'it disturbs And vexes meditation with its strange And extreme silentnesB,' we quote thiR poem on the grave of his child:— ' ' Akaxtjen. ?' Take this rose and very gently place it on the tender, asBp , Mosses where our little darling Aralueu lies asleep. Put the blossom close to baby— kneel with me, my love, ana We must 'leave the bird we've buried— say good-bye to her to-day. In the shadow of our trouble, we must go to other lands ; And the flowers we have fostered will be left toother hands. Other eyes will watch them growing' — other feet will softly tread Where two hearts are nearly breaking : where so many tearc are shed. Bitter is the world we live in ; life and love are miml with pun— We will never see these daisies : never water them again. 'Ah, the saddest thought in leaving baby in this bush alone Is that we have not been able on her grave to place a stone ! We have been too poor to do it ; but, my darling, never mind ! God is in the gracious heavens, and His sun and rain are kind. They will dress the spot with beauty, they will make the grasses grow : Many winds will lull our birdie — many songs will come and go Here the blue-eyed Spring will linger— here the shining month will stay Like a friend by Araluen, when we two are far away ; But, beyond the wild wide waters, we will tread another shore : We will never watch this blossom— never see it any more. I ' Girl, whose hand at God'shigh altar in the dear dead year i I pressed, Lean your stneken head upon me : this is still your lover's breast ! She who sleeps was first and sweetest — none we have to take her place ! Empty is the little cradle, absent is the little face. Gther children may be given ; but this rose beyond recall — But this garland of your girlhood will be dearest of them all. None will ever, Araluen, nestle where you used to be, In my heart of hearts, you darling, when the world was new to me. We were young when you were with us. Life and Love were happy things To your father and your mother ere the angels gave you wings. You that sit and sob beside me-you upon whose golden head Many rains of many sorrows have from day to day been shed— Who, because your love was noble, faced with me the lot austere Ever pressing with its hardship on the man of letters here — Let me feel that you are near me ; lay your hand within I mine own, You are all I nave to live tor, now that we are left alone. | Three there were, but one has vanished. Sins of mine i have made you weep ; But forgive your baby's father now that baby is asleep. Let us go, for night is falling— leave the darling with her flowers : Other hands will come and tend them— other friends, in other hours. We shall say but a word or two on another aspect of his genius. It may be that he endeavoured to follow the-advice and profit by the counsel of his English critic who recom mended him to seek in the great life around him those human forms of humour and pathos, and to use his local colouring to illustrate truths which are universal, by writing the distinctively humourous pieces which were compared at the time with Bret Harte's pictures of life in 'The Luck of Roaring Camp,' 'The Outcasts of Poker 'Flat,' oi the poems from 'Nye's Ford, Stanislaus,' descriptive of men and women and ' Life at Bow's Flat,' or with ' Thompson of Angels,' ' Heiress of Red Dog,' or ' Roger Cartoon's Friend.' His field was indeed a much narrower one than that of the brilliant American humourist who in 1879 offered his collection of eketohes to the English public with one of the briefest, most modest, and graceful of prefaces. The latter indeed, in breathing the balsamio breath of the vast forests of pines, had about him an active, passionate human life — in quaintest contrast the awful majesty of nature in her grandest forms and the grotesque drama of feverish greed of gain, repulsive depravity, occasional glimpses of splendid self-sacrifice, a hateful defiance of the con ventionalities, And a tender reverence for the real charities of life. And in the story of this strange society, upon which we seem to look sometimes by the blaze of flaring pine torches and at others by thepurelight of heaven, the humourous poet preserves that passionless serenity which is as strange and affecting as the con trast in some of our elder dramatists between the horrors and terrors of the plots and the unruffled calmness of their dialogue, Mr. Kendall had no such scenes and circumstances and actors. Not for him the Sierrean foot-hills, with peace and plenty smiling on them from their highest sunny upland to the trailing falda of wild oats and poppies, nor the sensational society which now and then relieved the intolerable monotony of existence by such pastimes as those which are described by the aid of an Australian image in one of the stanzas of Thompson of Angels : — ' As on its native plains the kangaroo, startled by hunters, Leaps with successive bounds, and hurries away to the thickets. So leaped the crested hawk, and quietly hopping behind him Ban and oeoasmially shot that bald-headed snipejof the I valley.' We have already, in passing, pointed out how ' Jim the Splitter of WoUombL' may have had a humorous kin ship with Jim Wild of Stanislaus ; and, as an example of Mr. Kendall's power aB the painter of such characters, we quote the poem at length. It was per haps not without a melancholy sense of the groteequesly humorous in the composition that even in the very arrangement of his songs for publication he placed the record of the exploits of the hero 'in ynplpplfin and kip, with a jumper and snake-buckle belt on ' immediately after the exquisite poem — pure and tender as a child's prayer — of her who 'Turned her eyes towards the sea line— saw beyond the fairy crest, Floating over waves of jasper, fair Hy- Brasil in the West.*' It may shock the taste of tbe fastidiously delicate to pass from «' Hy-Brasil ' to 'Jim the Splitter;' but the rapid transition is not without the^ warranty of imperial genius in our own older dramatic literature, nor, alas ! without the commonest experience of the everyday world about us. ' Jim the Splitter. ' The bard who is singing of Wollombi Jim Is hardly just now in the requisite trim To Bit on his Pegasus fairly ; Besides, be is bluntly informed by the Muse That Jim is a subject no silver should choose, For Jim is poetical rarefy. « But being fall up of the myths that are Greek— Of the classic and 'noble and nude and antique,' Which means, not a rag but the pelt on. This poet intends to give Daphne the slip, For the sake of a hero in moleskin and kip, With a jumper and snake-hackle belt oa. ' No party is Jim of the Pericles type i He is modern right up from the toe to the pipe; And, being no reader or roamer, He hasn't Euripides much in the head ; Andjlet it be carefully, tenderly said, He never has analysed Homer. n He can roar out a song of the twopenny kind ; But, knowing the beggar so well, I'm inclined To believe that a V par ' about Kelly, The rascal who skulked under shadow of curse, Ib more in his line than the happiest verse Oa the glittering pages of Shelley. ' You mustn't, however, adjudge him in haste ' '&? Because a red robber is more to his tests ? _ Than Buskin, Rossetti, or Dante ! You see he was bred in a bangalow wood. And bangalow pith was the principal fowl L His mother served out in her shanty. - ~ ' His knowledge is this— he can tell in the dark What timber will split, by the feel of the bark ; ' ' And, rough as his manner of speech is, ilis wits to the fore he can readily bring In passing off ash as the genuine thing, « When scarce in the forest the beech is. * ' In ' girthing' a tree that he sells * in the round/ . He assumes as a rule that its body is sound, And measures-^ forgetting to bark it ! He may be a ninny ; but still the old dog Can plug to perfection the pipe of a log - And * peum it ' away on the market. ' He splits a fair shingle; but holds ta the rule ™Mher'fl. ®od haply his grandfather's; school— „r. Which means that he never has blundered, When tying his shingles, by slinging m more 1 nan tbe recognised number of ninety and four To the bundle he sells for a hundred ! '' When asked by the market for ironbark red. It always occurs to the Wollombi 'lfwi To do a * mahogany ' swindle. . In forests where never the ironbark grew, When Jim is at work, it would flabbergast you To see how the ' ironbarks' dwindle !. ' He can stick to the saddle can Wollombi Jim ; And when a buckjumper dispenses with him The leather goes off with the rider. And, as to a team, over gully and hill He can travel with twelve on the breadth of a quill. And boss tiie unlucky ? offsider.' ' He shines at his best at the tiller of saw. On the top of the pit, where hiB whisper iB law To the gentleman working below him. | When the pair of them pause in a circle-of- dost, Like a monarch he poses exalted, august — There's nothing this planet can show him ! ' For a man is a man who can ' sharpen ' and 'set;' And he is the only thing masculine yet, According to sawyer and splitter — Or rather according to Wollombi Jim.! And nothing will tempt me to differ with him, For Jim is a bit of a hitter. ' But, being full up, we'll allow him. to rip, Alone- with his lingo, his saw, and- his whip — He isn't the classical 'notion And, after a night in his ' humpy,' you see, A person of orthodox habits would be Refreshed by a dip in the ocean. ' To tot him right up from the heel to the head, He isn't the Grecian of whom we have read : His face is a trifle too shady. The nvmph in green valleys of Thesgaly dim Would never 'jack up ' her old lover for him, For site has the tastes of a lady. ' So much lor our hero T A statuesque toot Would suffer by wearing that heavy-nailed boot; Its owner is hardly Achilles ! However, he's happy. He cuts a great 1 fig;' , In the land where a coat is no part of the ' rig In the country of damper and ' billies.' ' As we take our leave of him whose sight was so near to his fair morning, we may listen once again to his own tender farewell — to his too truthful prophecy o £ his own early departure, and to hi& melancholy musing* over opportunities lost for ever: — I ' After Many Years, ' The song that once I dreamed about, The tender, touching thing, As radiant as the rose without The love of wind and wing The perfect verses, to the tuns . ^ Of woodland music set, As beautiful as afternoon, Remain unwritten yet, ' It is too late to write them now, The ancient fire is cold : No ardent lights illume the brow As in the days of old. I cannot dream the dream again ; But, when the happy birds Are singing in the sunny rain, I think I hear its words. ' I think I hear the echo still Of long forgotten tones, When evening winds are on the hill, And sunset fires the cones. But only in the hours supreme With songs of land and sea, } The lyrics of the leaf and stream, This echo comes to me. -( No longer doth the earth reveal Her gracious green and gold : I sit where youth was once, and feel That I am growing old. The lustra from the face of things Is wearing all away : Like one who halts with tired wings, I rest and muse to-day. ' There is a river in the range I love to think about : Perhaps the searching feet of change Have never found it out. Ah ! oftentimes I used to look Upon its banks, and long To steal the beauty of that brook 1 And put it in a song. ' I wonder if the slopes of moss In dreams so dear to me — The falls of flower and flower-like floss — Ate as they used to be ! I' wonder if the waterfalls, The singers far and fair That gleamed between the wet green walls. Are still the marvels there ! ' Ah ! let me hope that in that place The old familiar things To which I turn a wistful faoe Have never taken wings. Let me retain the fancy stall That, past the lordly range, There always shines, in folds of hill, One spot secure from change ! ' I trust that yet the tender screen That shades a certain nook Remains, with all its gold and green, The glory of the brook ! It hides a secret, to the birds And waters only known — The letters of two lovely words : A' poem on a stone. ' Perhaps the lady of the past Upon these lines may light : The purest verses and the last That I may ever write. , She need not fear a word of blame; Her tale the flowers keep ; The wind that heaid me breathe her nams ?Has been for years asleep. w But, in the night, and when the run The troubled torrent fills, X often think I see again The river in the hills. And when the day is very near, And birds are on the wing, j My spirit fancies it canlie&r; 9 The song I cannot sing.' . Sutton Fojefst, August 4, 1882. W« v 1 