HAWKSNEST: A Love Story. by a t h a . CHAPTER IY. /T/jj1ra)R0M that time a change came over Oscar Uv, Bent. He did not cease his visits to -Tr Jk Hawksnest, or show any different feelings to Myra, save that he was less attentive than of yore, but more courteous in his demeanour when they met. The change lay in his general mode of action. Hitherto he had been the prince of idlers, now he became vigorously active. Swimming, boating, and fishing became his sole study. An old fisherman, who lived alone amongst the crags of Mount Tangahiti. and who knew every shoal and rock along the coast, was the young fellow's coach and tutor, and he found in Oscar a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to note the change in him. His present mode of living conveyed the impression to her womanly soul, a deep and lasting regret for his mis conduct, and not that alone, but this very distraction from his previous pursuits appeared only as a means whereby he sought to forget his love. If such was the case, Oscar had succeeded to perfection, for the girl readily forgave him and returned to her old way in his company. The change had its effect also upon Myra's father and his friend. By degrees the prejudice felt by those twain against him melted away. He was so hearty and genial to both, that, thinking they had hastily mis judged the man, they were all the more ready to extend the hand of friendship. Meanwhile Myra and Harry were drawn together, with the inevitable result. Their hearts had long beat in sympathy, and their lips could not withhold the secret. He proposed in his honest, straightforward fashion, and was accepted. She loved him, and why should she be prudish and assume a doubt when no doubt existed ? So she said, " Yes," and there was great rejoicing at Hawksnest. Oscar Bent was very warm in his congratulation. He told Myra that he was pleased at her choice in spite of what had happened, and to Harry he said that of all men in New Zealand, he would have chosen him to marry his " sister Myra." Harry thanked him and replied that he would endeavour to make her happy. He purchased a block of land near the Villa, and gave orders for the erection of a substantial dwelling thereon. As Oscar showed some architectural taste, he was often consulted about the work going on. He gave his advice cheerfully and seemed as anxious about the house as if it had been his own. While all these preparations were going forward, Oscar and Harry spent much of the time together in the former's sailing boat cruising about the rocky coast. Harry was very fond of the water, and Oscar's cutter was a wonder in the way of boat-building. It wanted just a week to the all important day, that was to see Myra and Harry man and wife, when Oscar and Maydale went out for a day's sail. It was a late autumn day, rather cold, with a chopping wind knocking about the sea. Tom Wildelove helped them to get the boat ready, and advised them to keep well in shore. " There is no knowing what such a morning may bring forth in the way of a gale ere night, ' he said. "We are not going far, sir," answered Oscar, then turning to Harry he added, " If you think there's any thing to fear, pray don't go.'' Harry laughed. " I've been used to a rough life, and therefore don't mind rough weather. Besides you can manage your boat to perfection." " No man better, I'll go bail," ejaculated Jack Cod, the old Fisherman, who stood by, smoking a short black cutty. They ran the boat down and leaped in as she shot into the sea. The square mainsail and foresail were set, with a reef in the former, and Oscar took the helm. " I think we will run out by the Tanga Reef, we get less wind there," he said. " I understood the Tanga rocks were dangerous," replied Harry. " To those who have not studrcdjjemjio doubt they are," responded his companion, " butcher©., is no real pleasure without a trifle of danger to give ; it , zest. I know every foot of this coast, and ca|spistol shot of the reef. You shall see." --.v As the boat got out into the trough f the short waves he was in high spirits, and his manner was more t like that of a school- boy let loose for a holiday \than a man out for an hour's enjoyment. \ " You are gay this morning," Oscar. \ " Very gay, mon cher. You shall witness somel Hailing this day, if the wind only holds." \ " It will hold, I think." \ c " I hope so. Besides I have a surprise in store \ you, Maydale." \ " What is it ? " \ " You shall see presently." \u The Tanga rocks lay about two miles and a half to the east of the cliff at Eldonbury, and they were worthy of being termed dangerous. Biack in appearance, and fatal to any vessel, large or small, that chance might cast in their vicinity. At high tide they peeped no more than a few feet above the waves on a calm day, and when the wind was high foam alone marked their whereabouts. At low tide they were still surrounded by water, for they were ugly, razor-backed masses of stone, that had their foundation in the sand fully fifty fathoms down. On this day, and at the hour the boat started, the tide was almost at its highest point, and nothing but foam about them could be seen. As they drew nearer, Harry, who had some little knowledge of seamanship, saw that the place presented one huge bar of white curling breakers in front, and to right and left of them, with not so much as the ghost of a passage for the boat, which was now madly plung ing right in amongst them. " It is madness to attempt a passage there," he shouted. " Put up the uelm ! " " You coward, be quiet," cried his companion, laughing hoarsely. " I told you I was going to surprise you, so I am." " Put up your helm, or by the " Do you threaten me, and here ? " interrupted Oscar, with an oath, his face suddenly assuming the ferocity of a tiger-cat. Harry saw the change, and knew what it meant. He had seen many dangerous men during his wanderings, and he saw that he had one to deal with now. " Put up the helm," he cried, as he dashed from his seat in the bow towards his companion. " H — 11 seize you," yelled the now infuriated Oscar. " Keep back from me. The sight of you is poison to my soul. For months I've played my game and fooled you all. I've brought you to your fate, and yonder white-faced cat at home may mew for your coming „ until the trump of doom." Before he could utter another word, Harry threw himself upon him, and a furious struggle took place for the possession of the tiller. They were both strong men, one with a latent devil in him fighting for revenge, the other battling for his life. Do all he could, Harry Maydale could not move his antagonist from his grip of the helm, until the frail vessel crashed upon the rocks. u TTnrrah ! This whall hp. vnnr wpHrHncy-rlfl.v " j w — " w o ? shrieked Oscar, and the next moment the sea and the rocks rent the craft to pieces, and both men went down. They were locked together as the waves cast them up again to the surface, and Oscar, being nearest to the sharp-cutting reefs, received a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to release his hold upon his rival. Harry was a strong swimmer, but he was half stunned and blinded by the spray. He felt that the chances of escape were small, but the thought of Myra nerved him to make the effort. How long he fought with the whirling eddies, and the seething cauldron, into which he had been cast, he never could estimate. A man will fight hard for his life, and especially a man on the eve of being married. After much buffeting, and when his strength was well- nigh gone, Harry Maydale found himself in smoother water. Even here he was tossed and tumbled about like a worthless cork, until suddenly a far-off voice reached his ears — " Ahoy, mate ! This way ; " and the exhausted swimmer knew it was the voice of Jack Cod, the fisher man. By- and-by a boat approached, and a rope was cast close to him, which he seized and held. " I saw your danger, my lad, and put out after ye," cried the old salt, as he hauled Harry into the smack. " But, I say, what has become of Mr. Oscar ? " " Where is he ? " gasped Harry. There was a pause for a moment, and then Jack cried out — " Ah, there he is, in the whirlpool of the Tanga ! " " Steer for him. Fifty pounds if you save him ! '' The fisherman steered, but it was. too late. Oscar Bent, like his antagonist, was completely exhausted. Just at the moment when he saw his hated rival safe in the boat, a huge wave lifted him bodily up, and dashed him a mangled corpse on the reef. " A dangerous man, Harry. You had a narrow squeak for it, boy," said Tom Wildelove. " I had indeed, sir," said the young fellow, doffing his hat, with a feeling of reverence and gratitude. The two were walking the little garden-path before the Villa, a week after the tragic affair at the Tanga rocks. . " It was wise of you to keep the affair to yourself, Harry." - , . " Aye, sir. Better bear it than let Myra know' what "'m in her old playmate." -"e, lad. Your wedding will have to be three months ; that will be w the secret of that / 