Mrs and J Mtlncs. PLAYING THE WRONG CARD. (Continued.) The host of the King's Anns was as good as his word ; in a eery few minutes sapper was ready ; and, moreover, it was a supper which did the King's Anna credit. Tbe next day the larder being unusually well stocked ; while the presence and guarantee of Mr. Hythe of Myrtle Villa was certainly a reason for drawiru? udod the best of that larder's resources. John and William, the well-known first and second waiters, were In attendance ; bnt on Mr. Hythe expressing his wish to that effect, they retired, and the party began sopping in earnest. As might be expected, there was bnt little conversation at first, what little there was being contributed by the founder of the feast, even his remarks unking after a while to a very low key, and then chiefly addressed to the Professor. Civility of course demanded an assenting monosyllable now and again ; but it was plain that the Professor's attention was mainly directed to his supper ; yet a change came over him anon ; he looked uneasily at tbe speaker, glanced meaningly at his com panions ; then laying down bis knife and fork, be said, in as low a tone as he had been addressed : ' If you will be good enough to wait a few minutes, sir, until we get rid of the child, I think it will be better. I understand you pretty well-1 Mr. Hythe nodded assent ; and the Professor resumed his meal, although with a more troubled aspect than, before. His com panions looked wonderingly on during this whispered colloquy, without speaking, until presently the Professor said : * Now, sir ; with your permission, I vQl give Mademoiselle Xjicfle one glass of champagne, and then call for, as you will readily guess, we do not put op at the King's Arms ; and I do not care about her keeping very late hours.' 1 If you prefer it, I will order her a room here.1 said Hvthe in an undertone. ' She will surely be very dull in going to a strange house bybersetf— wfllbeneivoua.' ' Oh, she don't mind !' exclaimed Regaldini with a smile, tboogh there was sadness in it. * In out life, air, children soon grow out of the nervous fancies yon are tlifnlffpg about. The real hardships of life kill the fanciful ones, and they get enoogb of tfem, poor creatures !' So the attendant was summoned, and was directed to take tbe little girl to Mrs. Blimmy'e, Back Church Row ; a very different address from the Market Place or High-street. 'When he had fairly gone, Hythe desired the others to select their wine, light their cigars, and make themselves comfortable. * And that yon may be more at ease, in a business point of view * he continued, * I will make up your losses of to-day, on your giving me a fair statement ; as I have always been * supporter of — of music and the drama, I suppose I must ?ay.' 1 You are verygood, sir; indeedldonotknow bow to thank yon,' said the Professor; 'for this most awful frost— I mean this failure — has fairly broken us. How we should have reached the next town, I don't know ; or how we should have opened when we got there, I don't koow either.' 'Have you settled {or the room? began Hythe. The other interrupted him with a laugh. * Settled ! I should think we bad, sir/ he said. ' Yon don't think the landlord here would run anv risk ' I wanted him to appoint some one to take the money, and so pay himself ; but be said that was not in his line. He knew the town ; / didn't. — Bat, sir, yon were speaking of some business in which you thonght I could serve you. 'Sow the child Is gone, yon may speak ont.' 'Bat— you see it was private,' began Hythe. 'And so it will be now, I guarantee,' interposed the Professor. * I will answer for Charley — that's my friend — and so would you, if you knew him. Besides. I fancy the Hythe hesitated a few seconds, as though rather disconcerted at having to confide in two persons instead of one ; but shaking off this reluctance, began: 'Seeing the ease with which yoa assumed character after character, each 60 widely differing from the others, Mr. Re-galdini, and the wonderful manner in which yo i concealed your identity, it occurred to me that you might, at little trouble to yourself, do a great service to a near relative of my own. who is gradually sinking into fixed melancholy, if not insanity, by dwelling on a fiied idea— a delusion. Now, there wUl not be tbe slightest risk to yourself, as you will see, and you will be well paid for yonr kindness ; I on^ht, perhaps, to say 'for your talent,' as 1 have no doubt your kindly feeling would prompt yoa to serve an unfortunate gentleman disinterestedly. I have a, brother, Mr, Begaldini' ? ' Excuse me, sir,1 interrupted the Professor ; should take it aa a favour if you would call me 'Styles,' which is my name, the other being only professional.' ?Certainly, Mr. Styles,' assented Hythe. 'And your friend V ' Well, he really is a foreigner,1 said Styles ; ' bat not with each s name as we have given him. If yoa call him Mr. Charles, that will do, and* indeed that's what his name mfatin ? Now, gir. we are at your service. ' The musician had scarcely spoken a single word in Mr. Hythe'e hearing, bat bad listened intently. * My brother, gentlemen,' proceeded Mr. Hythe, * labours tinder an increasing remorse for a wrong which he thinks be did many years ago ; and despite of all argument to prove how unavailing this morbid regret and self-reproach now is, he gives way to it more and more. Nay. so completely has the feeling possessed him, that be will alienate his property from hia real family, or at any rate postpone their possession of it for many years, and even then they will only share it with some charitable institution. My children and I are the family I refer to, gentlemen. Yon see I treat yon with perfect frankness, as I am not a man to do things by halves ; and baring said this, you will not wonder when I say it is worth my while to give a twenty pound note, in. addition to alt expenses and losses, which latter I will settle at once, in order to get the bnsiness, to which I allude done, and well done.' The attention of the listeners became keener after this sentence, and Mr, Styles involuntarily hitched bis rih*\r a little closer to the speaker as though anxious not to lose a word. * My brother '—Mr. Hythe hesitated a little here, aa though he knew that this was the keystone of his communication — 'my brother, early in life, while on his travels, was entangled, as n&ny; young men. before hint hare been, by a. certain intimacy. He says now that he was married ; but that I believe to be a delusion. However, to adopt his own fancy, he was abroad with his wife, and becoming ashamed. I suppose of the con nection, he— he left her ; left her with one child. He was under another name at the time ; there is no doubt of that : but be heard of his father's death while he was abroad, and property, and not anxious, as you may suppose, to bring home the half-bred foreigner — a Brazilian, or Bolivian, or something of that kind. So he left her. —Yoa follow me so farr * Yes, sir ; aU right V said Styles. ' Yes, sir ; there is no mistake about what your brother did, ; eaid the musician, speaking for the first time. He spoke with a strong foreign accent, which slightly distorted his words, bnt he spoke readily enough. ' Serve the foreign person right, for being such a fooL* 'Ah! well, I won't say exactly that,' returned Hythe, speaking compassionately on behalf of the foreigner. * It was not hand some on bis part ; bnt there was great excuse for him. He left her all the money he could spare. But after he came home, his previous infatuation returned, and acted npon him so strongly that he positively went back to where he had left her— New Orleans/ ' New Orleans !' echoed the musician. * I beg your pardon, sir, but I follow yon with great interest.' So he probably did, for his , thin, eager face was thrust forward, and his iunken eyes gleamed so brightly under tbe ragged hair which hung over his forehead and around his head, that Hythe felt almost uncomfortable when he encountered their glance. * Bnt he could not find her,' resumed Hythe ; 'yet he heard of her, unfortunately. He heard a great deal of exaggeration, no doubt, about her despair at being left ; bnt that would not have mattered so much, only that he heard also of her having been robbed by those around her, and left with ber child almost penniless. She had gone away from New Orleans ; and it was supposed she had tried to reach her friends — an attempt almost hopeless, as they were said to live hundreds of miles away ; where, my brother never exactly knew. His mind perhaps was a little affected by some irregularities and exciting adventures in which he had been a partaker. Whatever the cause, this incident preyed on him greatly. He returned to England, led the life of a hermit, kept ont of society, and made no secret to me that he did not consider himself at liberty to marry, having a belief that his wife — as he called her — was still alive. We — I—well, his family were naturally satisfied with this arrangement ; bnt a few years ago he had a dream — he talks of it as a vision, a revelation — in which he saw his wife and child1 ? 'This chila— was it a girl or a boy r asked tbe musician. ' A girl,' replied Hythe. ' Well he thonght he saw them, and they told him the child was still alive, and would live to see him. On the strength of this dream, he has altered his will to the detriment of his friends, as I have told you ; and as a delusion gets the stronger the longer it is indulged in, you will not be in the least surprised to hear that he has bad the dream again very recently indeed, and to the same effect.' 4 But how do you wish us to help yoa f asked Mr. Styles, as the speaker paused. 'I think yon said ' ? Hythe ; * bnt it was necessary to enter upon this ratber lengthy preamble, that you might understand precisely bow things were. I want some one to personate & relative of this young woman ; her brother indeed. I have told yon she was a foreigner ; consequently her relatives were foreigners also ; and coming republic, or some such out-of-the- way place, there is not likely to be any one in England who *?t- say you are or are not ber brother. I have by me a photograph of the young fellow. 1 had copies taken, unknown to my brother, from one in his possession, as I thonght it might come in bandy some day. Now, making yonreelf np as much like this man as you can, allowing of coarse for the lapse of ten or a dozen years, you wait npon Mr. Manriee Hythe, say yoa have come over to England on other business, bat called to deliver » message yoa had held in charge for several years ' ? ' Pardon, sir/ interrupted the musician ; ' bat yon have tell ns that this gentleman was under another name, a name of assumption. If that is so, be will say, quite natural, bow do yon know where I lire — how do yon know me at all f * Ham !— yes ; that's true/ returned Hytbe thoughtfully. *I must think it over. But I fancy I see a way ont of the difficulty ; bo we will proceed. When yoa have introduced yourself, yon tnnat speak to him of your sister ; say that when he left her, she sought refuge with an old lover to whom Bhe was greatly attached, and telling him that she was left a widow, induced him to marry her ; that she lived with him several years, until both she and her daughter died of fever, or cholera, or something.' 'Very good, sir; most good,1 said the musician, as Hythe paused to pour ont a glass df wine. f The idea is excellent. It will be easy to defame her character. Besides, being dead, and only a foolish girl when alive, why, it does not matter.' Hythe cast a donbtful look at the speaker, as though there was something in this mode of support which jarred npon him. * This communication,' be continued, ?which I have no hesitation in saying knowing my brother's character — will be implicitly received as authentic, will at once and for ever settle all this delirium abont * I have heard of some such plan, when a man thought himself haunted by a ghost.7 eaid Styles ; 'they got some one to represent the ghost, and* ? ' Ah ? this is not at all like that,' hastily interrupted Hythe. 'My brother does not believe himself haunted, and you will not have to personate any one he has ever seen. You can come with me to my house to-night, Mr. Styles, and I will give you the portrait of the man you are to personate.' ' I can't do it, sir — I can't indeed,' said Styles ; ' my nerves are gone, sir. What with continual 31-luck, and 6ve-and-thirty years of this life, and — I must own — some hard drinking of late, I haven't the nerves for such work. That's why I told you to take Charley into consultation. He is wonderful good at all disguises, and I don't beleive he's afraid of anybody or anything in the world.1 'But £ was so struck by your cleverness to-night,' nrged Hytbe, 'that I thonght you were just the man ; wh3e Mr. Charles here, if that be his name, cannot have had much experience,' ' Bless, you, sir !' returned Styles, with a melancholy smile, ' what yon saw me do, is mere habit and knack. All the tricks are handed down from one showman to another ; there's not a spark of originality in the business. As for Charley's experience I if he chooses to do it, sir, he can alter bis face while he is sitting there, so that you could hardly know him.— Couldn't yon, Charley?' bowed tiiw head for a moment, ran his hand hastily through bis wild hair, altered bifi necktie, then suddenly lifting bis face, thrust it forward towards Mr. Hytbe with so fearful a grin, and so terrible an expression in hia eyes, that the gentleman half leaped from his oh a*1* with an exclamation of alarm. * Aha V cried Styles ; * has he changed his * Changed his expression !' echoed Mr. Hythe. ' I never was so startled in my life. I would sooner have found myself face to face with a mad wolf or a tiger. — I do not know whether yon will take it as a^compliment, Mr. Charles, but I assure yon I never saw so hideous a face on human shonlders before. I don't want any further proof of your power. ' Styles laughed at this speech ; so did Charley ; but whether the latter intended the grin to be in keeping with his wolfish aspect or not, it certainly made Hythe shudder again, and cast a second look, to assure himself that the musician had not gone suddenly mad. ' Yon are satisfied then, sir?' asked Styles. ' I can tell yon there is not a man in the profession who could have made such a change without paint or dress, as Charley has just done. ' *I should think not,' said Hythe, with emphasis ; * I may almost say I hope not. I should have preferred you, I must own, Mr. Styles ; but after what you have eaid, I have no choice except to take Mr. Charles. — It will be as well, sir *— addressing the musician — ' to come with me at once to my house, which is only on the outskirts of the town, and I will give you the photograph.' 'We will both go,' struck in Styles; 'a walk will do me good, and Lucfle is asleep by this time.1 ' Then your daughter's name is really what you call it,' said Hythe. with a smile. ' I did not feel certain of that, as I most say yon allow yourself a good deal of latitude in yonr selection of names.' ' The pnblic will have it, sir,' replied Styles, very Beriously. ' If we were to keep to oar own names, or were particular about countries and propriety, and all that, we should not draw a penny. But Mademoiselle is not my daughter ; she is not related to me ; she is a relative of Charley's,' be continued, dropping coat at the further end of tbe room. ' He does not like to talk about ber before strangers, yet he dotes upon her, though be don't show it, and would kill anybody, or himself, or her either, rather than she should come to any harm. He is a strange fellow, he * ? The musician coming towards them at this moment, Mr. Styles abruptly checked himself, and after a brief conversation bearing npon the financial result of the entertainment, the three left the King's Anna in company. Very little was spoken among them on the road to Myrtle VflU ; Hythe and 'Mr. Charles ' were evidently absorbed in re flection ; while Styles, who would possibly have been more loquacious H left to himself, was overawed by the silence of his companions, and cooscions perhaps of having drunk sufficient wine to render log oxaty dangerous. Tbe inmates of Myrtle Villa bad retired ; bnt Mr. Hythe opened tbe front-door with bis key, and took the others into what was apparently hra own room. Here he unlocked a desk, and taking from it a packet of photographs, selected one which he threw towards Charles. * You will find bis name on the back of it,' be said — 'Don Something. Ton of conrae pretend to be him. Bo you think yon can ' make np ' anything in his style? 'That he can !' exclaimed Styles, who wa^— looking at the picture over the musician^ shoulder ; ' he will do it to perfection, for be has just got the face for it— Charley, my boy ! if the part had been written for you, it could Lot have suited you better.' 'There is one thing, Mr. Hythe, which we mutt not at all forget,1 said the musician ; he was Btill looking at the portrait, and be spoke in so low a voice that, his head being bowed, be could hardly be heard ; ' I cannot arrange without knowing this gentleman's other name. How can I go and see Mr. Hythe, when yon tell me he travelled as Mr. Somebody- else? You said you would think over that. There is no other way but telling me this name.' ?No— I suppose not,' slowly returned Hythe, ' I Aa« been turning it over in my mind a good deal since we spoke, and I see it would be absurd for you to go on such an errand and not know his assumed name. However, I expect he will be too excited to ask bow yoa found him ont. S»y, wiD you undertake the business ? Ton understand the pay.' ' I will undertake it, sir/ said the musician, lifting his head suddenly. His dark, sallow face was almost of an ashy paleness, and although the vicioos tiger-like expression was not there, there was something so unearthly in his look, that Mr. Hythe recoiled with an ejaculation which was almost of terror. 'I will undertake it, sir,' said Charles ; 'and shall be quite satisfied to leave aU question of pay to yourself. I trust you will say I have done my work thoroughly, when that work is finished. I shall be ready to-morrow. Will that en it ?' 'Yes the sooner the better,' returned Mr. Hytbe. * Yoa are sure to find him at home — that is one comfort.1 A short consultation then took place, in which Hythe gave some further advice as to the proceedings of Mr. Charles, and then the two professionals took their departure. ' A clever man, no doubt, and will just suit the business,' muttered Hythe, standing at his door, while he watched his confederates as they crossed a patch of moonlight and then disappeared in the shadow of some bnHdings. ' A very clever man ; but I think if I had known as much of him when I began as I know now, I would not have had anything to do with him. A foolish prejudice, I daresay ; but it seems as if I were in partnership with a hyena.' (To be continued next issue.) 