TOEaiVE¥ Chapter I. The old, old story, and a very old scene tor it to be told in. A narrow lane, just now blocked up by a hay-cart which has come to grief, and has been deserted by men and horses; overarching trees, through which the evening sunshine of late June is streaming ; a little brook, gurgling in its narrow channel under the hedge, where the ferns dip down into; it, and the long primrose leaves hide here and there a belated little blos som, ashamed of its own audacity in daring the summer glories; and an old feUed trunk, mossed over, on which sits a girl, wreathing her hat with fern leaves. A boy is not ,far off, you may be sure—no farther, indeed, than the other end of the log—the space between being heaped with a tangle of honeysuckle, which he has just been clamber ing for. Everythingwas sweet that evening; the air was fragrant with hay, the full scent of the honeysuckle seemed like a sort of in cense-cloud enveloping him, and the sweetest thing of all, that girlish face. Not a very beautiful face—girls never are beautiful at fifteen—but very winning, with its truthful grey eyes, and a mouth that could laugh one moment and be almost stern the next, and then go curving away at the corners with de licious dimples which you longed to kiss. Randolph Wandersclough longed to kiss them very much, for he had just discovered how sweet they were, but he dared not try again so soon. Muriel was a little shy—not very, for she was too simple and straightforward; but the boy was a gentleman, ana knew in stinctively how far he could go without hurt ing the new-born womanly consciousness which flushed the girl's fair cheek, and held her eyes fast to her wreath. At last, he quickly cleared away the honeysuckle, moved a little nearer to her, and said— " Muriel, you are in earnest, aren't you?" With a sudden movement she threw dewn her hat, turned round, and looked in his eyes, and;answered, "Yes, I am in earnest." "You love me; you will be my wife by-and bye?" Her eyes dropped again, and it was almost in a whisper that she said, " Yes, if you want me." " My darling, if! So now I want you to wear this until I can get you a really pretty ring that will, not weigh down your little finger. You need not be ashamed of it mean time ; it was in my mother's family for 200 years, and I rather like the ruby the better for its market value being spoilt." The ring, which he took ofE his little finger and slipped on to her third .was a small signet-ring. The setting was. old and beauti fully worked, and so delicate that the whole looked merely quaint and not cumbrous on a lady's hand; the stone was a large and perfect ruby, cut with no crest or monogram, but simply an incised cross. " I shall never want a better ring," Muriel said, looking into the depths of the jewel. " I hate turquoises—nasty blind things, with no light in them ; and pearls are trumpery compared with this. There is a meaning ana -a symbol here—though not a very cheerful one," she added, growing grave. "Now if you are going to be superstitious about it I shall take it away, and bring you the biggest turquoise in London. Do you .think I am going to give you crosses to carry, child? If there is anything of that sort -knocking round I shall do the porter business ;my3elf; I'm sure my back is broad enough." . "Randolph, I think you're irreverent." \- " I don't mean to be," said the boy, " but I mean what I say. Hallo, they're going at that abominable cart, I do believe; I hoped it was to stay, here until morning—I'm sure I'm willing to." " But I'm not," said Muriel, getting up and putiing 011 her hat. "Besides, what about papa's tea ? And Bobby will come back from his fishing simply ravenous." "And all the fat will be in the fire if you're not there ? "Well, come along; what must be must. What a queer little coon that Bobby of yours is, by-the-bye .1 Going off fishing by himself, and sitting dangling his absurd little legs over a stream for hours together, waiting for a minnow, with nothing better to do than to look at his worms wriggling." " I tell you he really does catch fish—big enough to eat, too; and he always likes quiet amusements best. He fancies the fairies come and talk to him, and brings me endless stories of what they say. He has been really quite strong this summer; only I wish he were not so fanciful." " Oh, he wants it shaken out of him, and he'll get it done, too, when he goes to school; he won't find any. fairies there. Now, darling, I must say good- bye, or I shall be encounter ing your respected pater; and I don't want to be caught stealing apples, so to speak. I'll 'come and discourse him in the properest fashion in the world to-morrow morning. Good-bye, my own. Mayn't I? Well, f must have two to make up for it next time." • And he was over a gate into another field, and half-way across it, before Muriel had made up her mind to look round after him. If it could ever be possible for a young gentleman at the mature age of .eighteen to propose for a young lady three years his junior with any propriety at all, and any prospect of success, it was in the present case. Bandolph Wandersclough was an orphan; his father, originally of a good yeoman family, had been a first-rate man of business, and made a very large fortune as a bullion merchant, combining his business with successful transactions in stock, quite large enough to warrant him in aspiring to the hand of the granddaughter of a French emigre, noble. Thus my hero was fairly sup plied with ancestors, and more than fairly supplied with money; he was good-looking enough, and a thorough gentleman—his Eng ligb honesty and kindheartedness having a polish on them inherited with that quarter of his blood which had been trained under the ancien regime. Whether some French pas sionate sensibilities had not been inherited too, there had hitherto been little oportunity of guessing; he had led the life of a thorough English hoy, and was one to all intents and purposes. Minute study of character was not at all the line of Captain Aylmer, Muriel's father; it was hard work to live on his half-pay and his own £150 per annum ; it would be harder still to educate Bobby, when he should he old enough and strong enough for school; and before the unknown future expenses of Muriel's toilette, when she should be grown up, his masculine spirit quailed. The prospect of a rich marriage for her with a. fine young fellow against whom there was not a word to be said had long been dancing i ' before the anxious father's eyes ; and he only waited to be asked before going through a prelude of head- shaking and consideration, preliminary to the concluding of an imme diate engagement, to be followed by marriage at Bandolph's majority. -Bandolph was not conceited, but a boy cannot spend eight years at Harrow without learning something of the _ advantages of wealth; he knew that Captain Aylmer was always very kind to him; and he had no fears of any opposition on his part. So the world hardly held a happier creature than he was when he went along the lanes to his guardian's house that. night. To be eighteen, rich, independent, healthy, passionately in love and successful in your wooing : Is there anything wanting to felicity ? Bandolph was a boy still, ana felt as if he wanted to do something wild; he whistled every now and then, cut a sort of wild caper, and at last catching sight of a bird's nest in the top of a remarkably difficult tree went straight up for it. Going up for it proved tolerably easy, but coming down with a pocketful of eggs was a different matter; and finally he ended a cautious descent by a sudden crash, half leap, half fall, through the lower branches-and the thick foliage of the hedge which masked the trunk. A shrill squeal greeted his unexpected appearance on terra firma, and he found himself close to. Muriel's little brother Bobby, who had dropped all his fishing tackle with the start, and stood looking frightened to death. "You little lunatic, 'said Bandolph, "don't stand there looking like a shape of blanc mange ; go home to tea, or you won't get any. "What sort of a man will you be if you can't stand a fellow's jumping through a hedge. I'll tell you what ; you just must get over that sort of nonsense, or you'll be a molly- coddle to the end of your days." Bobby picked, up his odds and ends in an annihilated fashion, and pursued his way meekly, but shaking all over with sheer ner vousness in a way which would have softened the heart of his mentor if he could have seen or understood it, But what hoy could ever understand nervousness 1 And the boy was very much qpjperihost in Bandolph Wanders clough that mght. So he began thinking of how good a thing it ' ' ' " o _ would be to cure that littie "goose of his nonsense, and show Mm that there were no such things as fairies or ghosts, until he went back to thinking of Muriel, and how sweet she was, and how when they were married she should wear no more shabby holland frocks but be always beautifully dressed; and now they wo aid travel all about the world together; and so on, and so on, until sound sleep came aver him in the middle of an admirable speech de signed to convince Captain Aylmer of his manliness, good sense, and general suitability to be the guardian of his daughter. {To be continued.) i 