A MODEL FATHER Br I)Avm CinasttE Moerat. GftMTEB XTV. In Hie year 1879, at tho Mndpool Hall of ' Thespis, Mr. Pelham Vane appeared in a round of Shakspcarian characters, and at tracted some attention among the local.play- goers. There were Mudpcolians who had been to Bondon, and there were some of these who had seen the great actors of the present and the 'past. At tho Mndpool Hotel these gentlemen discossed the style of Mr. Pelham Vane, and had various opinions as to the school to which that tragedian holonged. He reminded ono or two of Macready — it was generally conceded that his manner was 'mel lower than that of Mr. Phelps — and reminded others Of the great Montgomery Bassett. Mr. Pelham Vane when seen off the boards was elderly nnd seedy. He was attired in black: broadcloth, greasy at the shoulders and white at the seams, nnd liis linen was- com monly dingy enough to justify its owner's desire to shroud it in obscurity. His lips looked: bibulous, and his noso was of a 'pur plish: red, whilst liis checks and chin were of a dirtjr plum color with many years of olose ; shaving. Ho had a very deep bass voioe, and a pompous manner, and lie talked a groat deal about the better days ho had seen. It was evident that he was a person of some education, and when he had a little too much to drink, he would brag of tho groat ac quaintances he had owned upon® time, and the 'triumphs he liatl achieved upon the Tkmdon boards. There were people in Mndpool, as there, had been elsewhere who hail faith iu these legends, and there were people who had not. Parfy feeling ran more than commonlyhigli on the Saturday night which saw Mr. Pelham Vaiio's lost performance of " Macbeth" in the townof Mudpool. Tliingshadbeensopro3peiouB during tho past fortnight that not merely did the theatrical ghost walk on that particular evening, but the manager (who was honest ac cording to his lights and -means) paid up some portion of old arrears. Mr. Pelham Vane walked" ponderously into the bar parlor at a quarter to eleven o'clock, buttoned to the chin, and wearing a-bat of sus- r-picious' gloss. . " Good evening, gentlemen," said Mr. Vane. ."The company murmured a respectful answer, the faces of the guests wore a vacant air, and their eyes looked anywhere rather than at Mr. Van a. That gentleman's-arrival had put a .sudden finish to an animated discussion upon his artistic style, hi3 personal bearing and his antecedents, and for the moment the Mud- pooliann, who wero not a rapid . people, had no other topic ready. Riper, the miller, a sober man enough as a rule, had somewhat exceeded in his potations, and in those circumstances was apt to play the hard-headed fellow, not to bo put down by clamor, and determined to express his own -convictions. His compeers had been content -to Jet him talk noisily to himself in a corner until now, and Riper, observing the loll, bat being too far gone to take cognisance of its cause, addressed the conclave. " Now you'll listen to Teason," said tho miller, with a coricscrew motion of tho thnmh. " Bashot 1 He's no more like 'Gomeiy Basket than I am — no more like than chalk's like eheeBe." Mr. Pelham Vnno turned and surveyed the speaker with a startled look, and it was plain 'to everybody except tho-dnmken miller that the actor recognised himself as the subject of discourse. " 'Gomery Bashet," pursued Mr. Riper, re joicing in the silence, and feeling that be hud 'at lost secured an audience, "was the very finest actor ever lived. That's what he was. -.And-da forthis feller, why—" Mr. Story, -'the ironmonger, drove qn "accidental elbow into the miller's ribs, and Mr. Riper, who was quarrelsome in his cups, changed his theme, "and heaped abuse upon his neighbor. The onlookers breathed more freely. There was at tbe Mndpool Hotel, -as there generally is in these cases, a carious mixture of contempt and reverence in the mental attitude of the hnbituds towards Mz. Pelham Vane. There was something, beyond doubt, of the vagabond nud the nomad about him, and the Mudpoolinna knew well enough why he buttoned his coat so closely. And yet there was a divinity that hedged him, and in a dim sort of Way they looked on him as an artist. He was not wholly respectable, bnt he could do something which they could not do, and he had had experiences beyond their narrow sphere, and something of the glamor of the parts he played still hung about him, seedy as he was. "Scotch whisky hot, Mr. Povey, if yon please," said the tragedian,- in tones that filled the room, and left a mellow tinkle among the glasses on the shelves. There was silence again, and the magnificent, shabby man turned to the miller. "I believe I heard yon make a very complimentary-reference just now to my old friend Montgomery Bassett, sir," he said. " May I ask where you saw -him play ?' " I don't know what that's got to do with you," returned the miller. ' I beg your pardon, sir," said the player. " I was under the impression that I addressed : a gentleman." "That serves you right, Riper," said -the ironmonger, and an - affirming murmur went round tho room. "Hot as I mind answering the question," said the miller, feeling himself in a marked minority. I seen -liim in Southampton the lost time he pkyed there. And I say again — meaning no offence to anybody — he was the best actor as ever lived, bar none. And what / say, I stick to." Hqw there was in this on intentional and obvious insult to the player, and one of the company tried an emollient. " Present company is always excepted." " I don't except nobody, past nor present," Said the miller, obstinately. " What I s:,y is, the late 'Gomery Bashet was finest actor evcr was in the.world." " I am. prond to hear yon. say so, sir," cried theplnycrin liis ponderous tones. "Bassett was my dearest friend" The miller looked at him with scornful incredulity. " I am proud to hear you say so, sir," said the. player again. "Another Scotch hot, if you please, Mr. Povey." When one came to look at Mr. Pelham Vane, one found signs of wreckage by drink upon him. When he lifted bis glass to his lips his hand shook terribly, and his eyes gloated on tbe glass, before be drank it, with a whisky- and- watery gleaui. "Gomery Bashet," said the disagreeable miller, "was a gentleman." "He was, sir," assented tbe player. "One. of nature's noblemen." " He'd have scorned to have come anear a place like this," said the miller. " He could ha' kep' his carriages and his horses if he'd ha' minded to." "He had a soul above ostentation," said Mr. Pelham Vane. " He'd got a soul above you," said the drunken miller. " 1'ok a friend o' 'Gomery Baahef s ? Why, ho wouldn't ha' looked at yon." The player made a step forward, with liis right hand clawing at tho breast of his tight buttoned, thread-bare coat. " This is the first occasion," he said in his Blowerolling, noble tones, " on which I havo heard poverty and misfortune insulted in tho presence of an assemblage of Rnglish gsntlemen." "Riper," said Sir. Bonner, the linen-draper, -Pablisliod by special orraugeuiooiswitlitboaathor. Air rights reserved. "if you don't knew how to behave yourself' there's them as does." Gall tbe Boddler stated audibly that ho blushed for Riper. " And I hope, sir," said i Mr. Gall, addressing the player, " that you'll havo one with me, sir, if it's only to take the taste out of your mouth." "I thank you, sir," said the play- actor. " Scotch hot, Mr. Povey, if you please. I have the pleasure of taking it at this gentle man's expense." The host handed him the mixture, and he bowed round, glass in hand. " Gentlomen," he said, " I hope, as sweet Will has it, that we shall drink down ail tmkindness. So far as I am concerned, J. can assure that no praise of my dear old friend Bassett can offend me. I knew him, gentleman, in his boyhood. I watched his dawning genius. I stood by him in tho hoar of his success; and to Use alono is entrusted tbe secret of bis retreat. T was, and Am, so poor as yon see me, liis bosom friend." "Look here. I don't care," cried tbo drnnken miller, rising and straggling with the.friendsTvho endeavored, to keep him dowD. "Smtnotra-going to sit atill all night long and- hear this feller bounce and brag and talic uflc- aense. Him-'a 'friend of Basket's? I toll yon toyonrfiheej" ho cried, shaking liis fist at the player, "ho wouldn't ha' looked at you, or spoke toyon, or anything like you. Don't tell me." ... Mr. Pelham Vane saw that the general feeling of the assemblage was with him, and against the miller. He felt that it would cost bnt little to be courageous. "It would ill become a friond of Mont gomery Bas3ett's, gentlemen," he said there fore, " to wrangle in his name in the parlor of a -public hoatelry. Scotoh hot, Mr. Povey, if you please." A bond was laid upon bim from behind. "Thanks, dear boy. At this gentle man's expense, Mr. Povey." A commercial gentleman from London, a young -man of -mttoh experience of life, aud highly respected in Mndpool for his business nnd his social qualities, was seen at this junc ture to draw forth a memorandum book and to scrawl a line upon a blank page. This ho tore out, and having folded it, threw it across to the drnnkea miller. " Can't make it. out," said the miller to his neighbor. " Wass ho say?" The neighbor, with raised eyebrows, gazed at "the brief scroll and whistled. Then ho whispered behind- his hand to the miller, and the miller laughed scornfully. " I -say, mister," he cried, reaching ont a hand towards the player, "perhaps you'll say you are Basket in a minute. There's a cove in the room to back you." The actor glanced round swiftly, and for a' moment his watery glance rested on tbo young man from London, but he said nothing. " That Bashet" cried the miller. " Look at him." Por once in his life Mr. Riper created a sensation, and every man in the room stared from the actor to him, and from him to tho actor. Mr. Pelham Vane, adding a little cold water to his grog to reduce its temperature, took it at a gulp and pushed the glass towards the landlord. It was noticed afterwards how pale he grew, and how his hand shook at this juncture, "That's Montgomery Bassett, is it," cried the miller jecringly, with his head cfaned over tho table in the direction of the commercial man from London. " 103, sir," thundered the player's voioe; "I am Montgomery Bassett. Myself am ' Haples. Ruined by the devices of my only child, cast forth so low that wrens make prey where eagles, dared not perch ! I thought my spirits were stronger tban my shame3, but I am vanquished." Aud the great tragedian, turning, flung his . arms on the mantelpiece, and dropped his . head upon them, scattering a pot or two, and making havoewith a dozen of long church wardens. The company cat and stared at all this with a look at onco amazed and guilty. The saddler was the first to recover, nnd he, rising from his ' seat, put his hand in his pocket,, and with drawing it, dropped something with a jingle in the landlord's palm. Then he cost his head, with a shamefaced, sideway nod in the direc tion of the fireplace, over which Mr. Mont gomery Bassett leaned with heaving shoulders, and with auother shamefaced jerk, directed to the company at large, he took himself out of the room. The ironmonger rose also, and from his pocket drew a something which jingled into the landlord's palm. Tiien arose the drunken miller and went thrdngh tho same pantomime, and in a minute or two the room was clear of everybody bnt Mr, Montgomery Bassett and his landlord. Mr. Bassett's shoulders wero still heaving convulsively, and -liis head was still resting on the mantelpiece amid the debris of the long churchwardens, when the landlord touched him on. the arm, ' and the actor, slowly gathering himself into an erectpostnro, picked up liis hat, and with ono hand covering his eyes began to grope his way from tho room. "Before you go, sir," said the landlord, foel- . ingly; "it's an inappropriate moment, sir, but it may be tbe only one, and tbe gentlemen of tbo town, sir, who have seen yonr performances, sir, desired to present yon with a little testi monial, sir. The sums are here as I received them, and perhaps if yon will buy for yourself, sir, some little remembrance of the place — a pin, or a ring, or anything of that sort that may please you — you will fulfil the intentions of the subscribers, sir." The landlord had never been so quick witted in liis life before, and the little false hood might not be charged very heavily in tho account against him. Mr. Montgomery Bassett's ontstretched hand accepted the money the landlord slipped into' it, and a minute later he was gone. Mndpool saw him no more, and if his landlord found the little bundle of sailed linen a poor payment for a fortnight's rent, why, everybody knew how disturbed Jibe grest tragedian had Been by bis unexpected recognition, and nobody thought very ill of bis forgetfulness. CitATTiin XV. " Go light, ye thief," said Mr. Cassidy, Ad dressing Mr. Hogan, " or else yell week tho beeby. Tho campaigning ways stick to ye still, and yo disturb the harmony of married loife with no more compunction, be Jingo, than ye'd feel on walking into a den-of wild bachelors. What's the news ?" " There's nothing particular," said Mr. Hogan, eeating himself, " ban-in' that I've got the model I tonldyeof. I was down in the Diata yesterday to see the Colonial Bishop, and tho late captain in the Life Guards. What liars they are, to he sure ! If a man comes down in the world, he's always been a real swell before his falL The man that's coming to sit to-nfght is the Reverend Stanley Vyvyan, the ; Lc-rd be good to us. He had a rami deanery in Yorkshire, he says, aud the Colonial .Bishop swears he knows him, and so does the late captain In the Guards." "It's a queer nest you've loighted-on, any way," raid Cassidy. " Queer?' returned Hogan, "I believe yon J They're not so squalid as you'd fancy, living in a den like that, and they're all men of some ednkeetion, me boy. Tiie Bishop knows tbe Greek alphabet— -that was nsi&T; 03 1 could test him — but his Latin's extremely shaky. The Roverend Stanley Vyvyan doesn't know what arma rimmnur. cone means, and for a Rural Dean thaf s singular. But he'll be bere at eight this evening, and if ye don't foind him tho identical man ye want, I'm mistaken." " We'll see," said Cassidy. "'Twas a great oydaya, 'Cassidy's evening life class 1' I've 20 pupils already, 'and it helps to keep the pot boiling. Camerorfs ccming ronnd to-night to sea how we're gc-ttin on ; and bis wife will bo up to compare the boys. When ar e you going to bo married, Ilogan 1" "At the beginning of the Grcok kalend," said llogan. " With these shining examples of domestic felicity before ye?" demanded Cassidy. " Who'll be that at the door ?' A pause and then a tap. " Come in." "Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, sir," said the maid. "Welcome, me boy. Mrs. Cameron, ye baven't forgotten Hogan. Jane, ask Mrs. Cassidy to come here. And how are you. Jack junior? How the boy grows, Mra. Cameron ! Ob, ye're here, Matilda. Just send upstairs .for Horace Cassidy, Bsqnoiro, wiilyo? Ye'll take it neetive in tbe pewter, won't. ye, Jack? Go on smokin', Hoian. Both the Ladies are smoke-dried." Mrs. Cassidy, having welcomed tho guests, ran upstairs, nnd returned presently with her eldest son, who wore a prodigious rolled curl upon Ids forehead, and was absurdly like hia father. " Shake hand3 with Jack, Horace, me hoy," cried tiie proud parent. " I hope ye'll he as good friends as yonr fathei'3 were before ye. Bnt ye'll be getting too big a swell to know us much longer, Cameron, though maybe when you're in the Forty yon'll put in a word for a daub of poor ould Cnssidy's now and tbon, nnd . get the Committee to bang mo where I can bo seen." " Rely upon my influence," snid Cameron, wit!: n lordly air. At that everybody laughed, and tho three men sat down to-smoke, while the ladies talked millinery. Even when love is crowned by happy mar riage, Indies do sometimes talk millinery and husbands smoke apart the while, and the world goes on very much as if nothing of any first rate importance had happened. But surely it was a pleasant thing far tho two old friends to sit together will, tiie two wivos beside nnd the two iittlo fellows playing about the room. A sense, subdued yet present, of sorrows ended nnd flown, was with them both, and tho present smiled the sweeter for the stormy past. ' Who should wo meet on our way here this afternoon," Baid Cameron, " but your great father-in-law, renowned Leverett ! I told bim that we were goiDg to turn up this evening to look at the life class, and he promised that he'd look in." " We're going to have a swell model to- night," said Cassidy. " Hogan found him, and proclaims him tbe most picturesquo old blackguard in the world." "He's a beard this long," said Hogan, stretching his-arms abroad, "andaSne high, bold forehead, and barring that he's a trifle red about tho nose, he'd be a wonderful John tbe Baptist." "Well," said Jnok, " wollcomc and look at bim." There was the .faintest memory in the,- world of an old limp in his gait a3 he aroso and orossed over to liis wife. " Come along, little woman, or we shall be lato for dinner. You won't forgot to-morrow's dinner, Mrs. Cassidy ? That'B chiefly what wo called for. Wo know, where -yonr head fails yon, Bill. Ho memory." "How, that's unfair," cricd-Cassidy. "D'ye know what's that about, Hogan? I asked Mrs. Cameron and Jack to dinner last week, and they came just as Bd forgotten all about the invitation, and got the boy and tho bebby to bed, and left them in care o' tho maid, and had taken the wifo ont to a quiet little dinner by .ourselves, and a box at tbo Oberon. I'll never hear the loBt of it. Ye'll stop hero and dine, Hogan. It's just a cut of mutton, nnd no more, bnt there's a very reasonable clnr't in the cellar — ronnd the corner — and I'll have it np in honor of yonr visit." Cameron and his wife went away, taking their hoy with them, and Mrs. Cassidy retired to look after tho dinner. " They're a.happy couple, Bill," said Hogan when the two men sat alone again. " They are, then," retarnod Cassidy, " and so they onght to be, to make np for ail their troubles. There's only one thing on tho dear girl's mind atoll, aud that's hsr blackguard of a father. Ho's been heard of once or twice since their marriage, and I believe sbo'd for- givo him now if Bhe could foind him. But I fancy he's gone under long ago, nnd I could bear to think that without wantin' to give a very large order for black clothes, oyther." " I'm not dyin' to see liim," said Hogan, pulling placidly at his pipo, "if only half I've lieard of him's true." " 'Twas a pity ye forgot.the letter I wroto to Jack," said Cassidy. "If that had reached him he'd have been back in time to save tho old beggar turning her out of doors, any way. And the world's not so virtuous that a crime prevented doesn't count for something." " I'm sorry I forgot it, tew," raid Hogan. "I'm not a marryin' man meself, Bill, but' 'twas pretty to see them down at Scutari' when ho was comin' ronnd. Tho way she'd support him with her shoulder, and the way she'd look at 'm when they walked about by them cypresses. D'ye remember ?" " Remember 1 Mo own wife was jealons of me, I talked about her so when I camo home. But here's dinner going to be laid, and I'll just go round and give the orders to the bntler." 