The Budget. When Mr. Watson rose to make his financial statement last night, he was met with a rebuff which must have slightly; astonished him. In accordance with, a custom 'wiiieh the practice of other Treasurers on similar occasions has estab lished, he commenced to rend his speech from a document lie held in liis haniL Mr. .T. P. A-anrvrr ? was at once on the warpath9 and hurled JVIat at the head of the astonished Mr. Watscto- with considerable force. The llxeasurer confessed to be taken by surprise, and jit must be admitted that he had reason to be. The debate .that fol lowed Mr. Abbott's sudden attack, armed with Sir T. Ebskdtb Mat's fearfully and wonder fully made book, was qot'of a very edifying character. Mr. Stuabt, ;Mr. LiiOT©, Kir JohkJ Eobebtsok, and others tt£lo had had experience I as Treasurers, while admitting tJiat Mr. Abbott's objection was quite in accordance with the strict rules and practice of Parliament, sub mitted, that as reading . ;a Budget speech had become established by the (practice of the past ten years, an extempore deli wary of it was a custom more honoured in the breach' than in the observ ance. Mr. Abbott, though appealed to, declined : to withdraw his objection -y the law allowedltj and Mr. Cameron, as the court, reluctantly awarded: it, and virtually told Mr. -Watson that he must remember every figure inj his statement ; or, at all events, that he was noi to read his speech. It is to be regretted that tne debate did not result in some more definite expression of opinion. However, the subject may be considered Here after. It would be very inconvenient- tibat members generally shonid read their speeches, j The infliction such, a prijvilege would bring upon suffering humanity is top appalling to contem plate. Eeside3in some cases it might not always be convenient for honourable members to adopt the practice. It is possible that some of them might be called upon to acquire a new accom plishment. But as regains the Tsbasdbeb, it ap pears to us that an exception might properly be made — with this -diSereace, that the speeehniigh't be printed, taken as read, and distributed. Much, valuable time would, by. the adoption of such a course, 1-q saved. : After Me Cameron's adm onition not to do it again, Mr. 'Watson made, a show of not reading hia speech,, but he read it ail the same, 'and to do him justice he read it extremely well.' He had a pleasant tele to tell, and naturally it was listened. to with much interest by his hearers in the House, and will be heard with still greater interest by that much larger audience who are scattered throughout the length and breadth ot the land. But however sweet the pot oft oint ment may be to the majority of. tie. people of this country, the Colonial Treasurer discovers a fly in it. Onr prosperity is becoming monotonous. Mr- Watsojt's soul yearns- for the ' day of deficits, the revelation of which used to give more than ordinary interest to financial statements.' These days, he admlte- are happily passed away, but It is to berfeared that he takes his pleasure' sadly ; and witti a sweet sorrow laments that he can discover no ^new. featdre relating to tine isubject vivBm* with to relieve the aomewhat dry and! lengthy details.' We are thn. left to the conclusion that Mr. Watbok f-refera a deficit to a eurpluB, or at- all eyent* would like the former lor a change. TMa ajfimwnd. AT.^-wnpB-, he Jbnga for new worlds in the Bealing of finance tocoriauer. It io a cjufau feetfag to oonfees. 'does iiot dvBjnisndas^iM iJ^iinjjfipftiijM^ t^**' tei ''''?* 1~~W~\ .''*-'- T' * ' '' ' ' it' this instance he does not mean all- that he Bays. . Since 1878 the revenue of ' the country has increased nearly two millions and a quarter — that is from about five millions in 1878 to nearly seven millions and a quarter in 1882\. The Treasurer takes the opportunity of pointing out that this large increase has taken plate since the present Government has been in office. After the adroit allusion to the fact, Mr. Watson says he does noi do so. in a boastful spirit, but rather prefers to point out the great and satisfactory progress the country has made daring the tune referred to. That the increase in the national prosperity Bhould have been concurrent with the existence of the present Government is merely a coinci dence, he modestly suggests. It is one, however, of such an interesting character that, of course, he could not help alluding to it ; and equally of course, it was a mere accident that he should have suggestively placed the existence of the Govern ment in the first place, and mentioned the national progress after ; and both so nearty together that the second natu rally appeared the consequence of the first. Nearly a third of the revenue for 1882 has been derived from the sale of land ; but as there has only been an increase of some .£35,000 in this respect during the last four years, Mr. Watsot disposes of the two millions nearly, re ceived from this source with an airy lightness peculiarly bis own. But if our revenue receipts have increased our expenditure has also been growing considerably larger. Whether it has beeen so necsssary as Mr. Watson says it has will have to he considered Liter. The actual amount available for the Treasurer with whioh to meet the expenditure of 1881 was ?£8,819,014 Is 5d, which however was made up, in addition to the net revenue named, -£t5,7O7,963, of -£2,110,051 unexpended balances from previous years. The Treasurer expects that when all the accounts are in that the revenue will be by far the largest collected in the colony in any previous year. But it is to be surpassed if all goes well by that of 1883. In view of this extraordinary prosperity of the country, the Treasurer does not propose' to impose additional taxation, al though he has, he announces, several schemes ready to submit in the event of bis estimate of receipts failing. He is likely to commence the new year with a substantial surplus, which, how ever, is to be fully expended, much of it in new works — usually constructed out of loans — and the increase of necessary services. We are glad to note that the police force is to be en larged, and the pay of the men increased. Altogether, Mr. Watson's statement presented everything in a very rosy light. Whether it has a more sombre shadow has yet to be seen. There is, however, satisfaction in knowing that the country, notwithstanding the vicissitudes of droughts, is making not only sure, but rapid progress in wealth and substantial prosperity. The Fire Brigades Bill passed its second reading last night. The criticism which it met with was with few exceptions fair and apparently well con sidered. Honourable members on tbe Opposi tion as well aa on the Government benches, were tolerably unanimous hi recognising the import ance of the proposals submitted to their consideration by the Premier, and in i dealing with them on their merits, irrespective iof the other issues which they miarht possibly 'have involved. Not indeed that tbe Bill in question could for a moment be supposed to be :one to which — whatever might be its fate — any political significance could be attached. But ?still it afforded some tempting opportunities of administering one of those rebukes which, the Government have of Lite been startled to receive from a hitherto quiescent if not alto gether obsequious majority. In common justice ?' to the former it, however, must be admitted ] that there was little in the provisions of the measure introduced by Sir Henry to provoke invidious or captious comments. There was still less to justify an ungenerous estimate of the general principles on which it had been framed. Accordingly there was, from both sides of the House, exhibited an earnest desire to bring to the discussion of the provisions enumerated in the Fire Brigades Bill that temperance and that conciliatory spirit which, as affecting the general weal, it demanded. Sir Henry Parkes intimated that in the course of hia recent travels he had paid particular attention to the organisation of fire* brigades- in other countries. The result of his observations had been to convince him — as may be inferred — that the system which had obtained in this colony was about as bad as Bad could be. There certainly needed no ghost to come from the grave to re mind us of the latter fact. Its truth, is impressed on us too frequently to require any additional confirmation. Experience of tie workings of j the fire brigade companies in this city has clearly demonstrated the necessity of a radical change in that direction. That the first step to wards this desirable end willhave been taken, when all the brigades are brought under the control of one responsible officer, no person who has given the subject any serious thought will be likely to dispute. It is, therefore, not surprising that the leader of the Opposition should have ex pressed his entire approval of the Premier's proposal to appoint a superintendent of fire brigades, who should be invested with very ex tensive authority. With regard to the condi tionsunderwhich it is contemplated to re-establish the fire brigades of Sydney, we have no remarks to make,, as the changes in that respect may be safely entrusted to the wisdom of the Legislature. And a gratifying assurance of the common sense and practical spirit which they have brought to thiB task is afforded by the contempt with which they treated Mr. M'Laughlin's ridi culous, suggestions to the effect that the fire brigades should be permitted to elect their own superintendent. Whatever ex ception may be taken to the other clauses of the Bill, that which relates to the appointment of the official just mentioned is certainly one ?which, must be regarded with general satisfaction. To borrow the not particularly novel phrase in which Mr. Stuart characterised it, that at least may be regarded as ' a step in the right direc tion.' 