SHANDON BELLS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "Macleod of Dare," &c.;, &c.; Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIV.—Two Letters. " To My Trusty and Well-Beloved Coulin, These It is quite true, my dear Willie, that my letters to you have been very short lately; but you have no idea how I have been bothered and worried in' coming to terms about that other tour in the south, and then I have had to try and pacify papa. He has taken it into his head that he ought to know more about you, and our 'prospects.' Isn't that a horrid word ? It is like 4 matrimony,' or ' nuptial settlements,' or something in a lawyer's otiice. I tell him that we are not going to do anything rash; that I for one am quite content to be as I am; and when he writes long letters about the importance of being settled in life and the posibility of his not being long in the world, what can I do but gently remind him that I have earned my own living for a good many years, and have no great fear of being unable to do so 1 Poor dear papa, he is very kind, but he worries dreadfully. And really I don't know what to say to him. If you were still the sub-editor of that poor defunct magazine, that would be something definite. Shall I tell him you are private secretary to ajgreat lady? Of course, I too wish you had something more settled; but do not imagine, dear Willie, that I am grumbling; for after all are we not just as well off in every respect as we were before we ever 3aw each other, and why should we not be quite content with things as they are ? I hate writing like this. It is like drawing out a marriage contract. If you were here just for two minutes—I can imagine your coming in at the door over there, and looking round to see that Miss Patience was not in the room —we should understand each other at once. And if you were at the open door now, do you think I would be long at this table? Don't you think I might meet you halfway, even if the ink bottle were to be sent spinning across the floor? And you to talk of the coldness of my letters ! " Besides all that worry I have been hard at work with Professor ; and fancy the difficulty of doing that by correspondence! He sets tuc the most terrible tasks; and as it is all science and no sound, it is not very lively. But really when you look at some of the songs that are most popular now in drawing-rooms—the air some common phrase, or perhaps borrowed, and of course changing to minor in the second part, and the accompaniment a few simple chords, only fit for children's practising—it seems possible for one to do something a little better. And then shouldn't I like to be able to set one of your songs to music—I mean something like proper music; I think I should not grumble over studying the coun terpoint of that accompaniment. Do you think I would charge my Coulin a heavy royalty for singing thai song? There, now; why don't you gentlemen of the press set to work and crush that royalty system? It is most mischievous; and the very best singers are giving in to it now, and of course the greater stupid the composer is the most eager i3 he to make the royalty on the sales big. Then the public are stupid, and don't re member that a good singer can make even the singing of scales pathetic; and any kind of song sounds as if it were line if a good singer takes trouble with it. But you are not interested. I can see you are very nearly throwing my poor letter in the Are. But supposing that I put it this way, that A (this sounds like the pro fessor, but I'm not going to teach ymc har mony), who can sing a little, marries B, who is very fond of singing and music generally. Then they grow older; or A's voice gives out —is there to be no more music ? On the con trary, A having been a good little girl, and i having devoted a fearful amount of time to ! the study of music and to practising, can still i play B to sleep after dinner. More than that, j if they get into trouble, can she not give music ; lessons ! I believe this is a clear case of 1 Q. E. D.—is it not, Master Willie ? ' " But everything in this letter is pure non- ! sense, and not to be heeded, except the tre- j mendous fact that in ten days 1 shall be in i Cork again i Think of it?—the very same ' rooms, too; and the same old piano, and the same little iron gate outside, which used to give such a queer rust y growl anil squeak as a sort of friendly good-night to Master Willie and a hint to come early the next morning, if there' were any blue-bells and campions to be looked for out in the woods. Alas! there will.be no blue-bells or anything else now—mud; J suppose; and I shall sit at the rainy window, and not stir out until it is time to go away down into the smoky town. There will be nobody there now to make all the place wild and romantic; and to stuff people's head full of dreams; and to make a poor girl think she never saw auything so lovely as a street in Cork when it was pouring wet—and the rain from the umbrella all the time running down her left shoulder and arm, because her companion was so careless. And there won't be anybody to say nice things about her in the Cork Chronicle; or to walk home with her up the steep hill; or to stop and talk just for a minute or a half-hour or so at the little gate. And what is Inisheen like now?—I suppose the sea dashing all over the shore; the villas shut up; the town a puddle. Sure 'tis not to Inisheen that I'm going! The only comfort would be that the ghosts and pixies of the neighborhood would have goue. What do the fairies do when it is wet? It must be most uncomfortable up in that glen, with all the branches dripping, and no leaves on the trees, and everything damp, and cold, and miserable. I never heard of fairies in winter. "But about Inisheen, dear Willie, seriously. I wish you would let me know a little more clearly about that promise you made me give you. 1 have heard that in Scotland if two people only say before other people that they are man and wife, that is enough, and they are married ! I have never been in Scotland, and I don't know; but I should think people might be too quick and then repent. I want to know if the promise we made that night (wasn't it a beautiful night too!) is anything more than a promise ? I have been wondering whether it might be the way young people used to get married when their parents were against it, or the priests perhaps, Situated as we are, sometimes I think it was scarcely wise to bind ourselves like that—and then again I say 'Bother these doubts and troubles; it'3 all because Professor 5s conundrums are too difficult.' And I am not going to bother you with them, dear Willie; for you must have enough to think of; and I meant this to be the longest and kindest letter ever written, after what you said about my not caring. I do care. You had no right to say that I don't—and. if you were, here I would prove it, even to your satisfaction. There now, So don't say another word about not caring; but •write me a long, nice, pleasant letter, professing yourself quite contented with everything that Providence and I have done for you, and telling me of all the news of what you are doing, and how you occupy your tune, and whether you ever think of poor banished me. You are very ungrateful; you have not the slightest notion of liow good I am to you—to be sitting up writing to you like this, when every sensible creature in Bel fast is in bed. The lire has gone out; and the room is dreadfully cold ; yet here I am writing away with still lingers, and the difficulty is to know how to stop. Eor I do ;mnt you to believe that I did not mean my letters to he cold; I think it was the weather that got into them: and if you wait till a thaw comes, and read them over again, you will find them quite different. This is all at present from 1 Your loving Kii 'i'V.' "P.S. Miss Patience is very kind to me just now. She wrote a letter, which she showed me, to the Northern Jfiff here the other day, about the number of beggars in the streets; and as sure as ever was, the very next morning there was an article in the newspaper beginning ' Prom the number of letters which we receive complaining of the mendicity in this town,' &c.; Oh, my! At tirst she was so lofty she would scarcely speak to me, for she considers me a frivolous kind of creature, but afterwards she grew more gracious, and has been quite compassionately kind to me ever since. Last night she made me wear her gloves on the way home, for I had forgotten mine, and it vjas cold. She even said that your verses in Chambers's Journal, which I showed her, were written with much taste, though she added that 3he thought this was scarcely a time for writing poetry, con sidering the serious state of public affairs. Kever mind, Willie; there is one person at least who knows better than that; and you need not be afraid that she does not appre ciate your poetry, as the world will some day. " Good-night, good-night!—K." Many and many a time did Master Willie read over this letter, wondering to which to attach the more importance—the obvious out ward cheerfulness or the curious half-sug gested little admissions of trouble and doubt. He was so anxious that Kitty should not be anxious ! And it was hard on Kitty to be away in those towns, practically, alone—for that fool of a creature who was supposed to be her companion, apparently lived only for the pestering of editors—and not hearing very definite news of her lover's success. The space that separated them seemed great enough. But it was the thought of the time that might separate them that he was afraid would weigh on Kitty's spirits. And so, in answering her, he resolved to take 110 notice of these involuntary backslidings of hers ; but to assume that she still had the hope and high courage that possessed her when he and she parted at Inislieen. " My darling Kitty," he wrote—" You are all wrong about Inisheen. It is far more beautiful now than in summer; this is the time it is worth living in—not when idle and fashionable young ladies come down to the little villas and show off their finery along the sands, neglecting their music, and becoming impertinent to their companions. You should see the real Inisheen when the frosty sun shines red through the thin fog; and you get a touch of the red on the shallow waters of the harbor, and the heavy craft are lying high and dry on the yellow mud. Just now, my dear Kitty, you would find the sun setting behind the sea, not away up behind the land, and the cliffs looking splendid. Then at night—think of the moon on the frost-hardened moor, with the ice-ponds quite silvery here and there; that is the time for the duck, I can tell you. You think the people are depressed now'! Why, this is the sociable time of the year; when you come home stiff with cold to a blazing fire with a warm room, and then you get your dinner over, and people come in, and you have whisky put on the table (that's for you, Miss Kitty, not for me) and the kettle steaming on the lire, and then the jokes and stories begin. Then you want to know where the fairies go to in the winter ? I can tell you all about that. Mind you, the glen you speak of is quite lovely just now, with red berries and dark green bramble-stems and lots of color you don't find at all in the monotonous summer-green; but that docs not matter; for I confess that the fairies at this time do spend the most of their feasting and singing and dancing in tlie great lialls within the moun tains, though tney have scout3 sent out from time to time . to see what is going on. There was a great banquet given by fDon Fierna on the night of Tuesday last in the hall that- comes nearest to the hill-side' above the well that you knew.: It was a very splendid affair; the vast cavern was all lit up by millions or glowworms placed along the rocks; but besides that there were innumerable will-o'-the-wisps moving through the air, so that you could sec the colors of the various costumes quite well, although most of the light fell on the. long banquet board, and that again lit up the smiling faces of the ladies and their knights. ■ At the head of the long table Don Fierna sat in state; a terrible, huge person, nearly two feet in height, with a prodigious black moustache and heavy eyebrows; he wore a Spanish hat of black velvet, a scarlet cloak, and on his breast hung his thick gold chain of office, all glittering with precious stones. On his right sat the boy-king "of the fairies (who is his heir-apparent), but lie was a very beautiful little king, with large blue eyes and golden hair, and he wore a cloak of purple velvet clasped at the neck with gold, and also a crown of pure gold starred with sapphires. Opposite him — that is on Don Fierna's left—sat the boy-king's bride; she was more like a fairy than any of them, she was so slight and fair and deli cate, and she wore a cloak of cream white velvet, which had a scarlet flower where that was clasped, and her crown was not of gold, but of pure silver, with scarlet berries' set into it. The other knights and ladies were in all sorts of different costumes and colors; and so were the servitors, who were hurrying this way and that with the materials of the feast. Oh, did I tell you that in the distance you could hear nightin galesFor this is where the nightingales retire to in the winter; but they would be too noisy : so they are shut up in an adjoin ing cave, and you can only hear their singing like a sort of continuous waterfall. Well, you know, Kitty, I need not tell you all the things they had at the banquet; fortliewiswu was rather long; only this, that the wine they drank was made of the honey that you get in the heads of pink clover, and tint whereas the lords and ladies drank out of acorn-enps, Don Fierna's flagon consisted of the shell of a plover's egg set in a handle of bog-oak. Well, when they had got down to the end of the list, Don Fierna rose; and the moment they saw him rise, each lord and lady struck a small silver gong in front of them, so that instantly there was a sort of soft tingling music rising from the whole table and filling the cave; and this imme diately hushed the servitors to silence. "'Your Majesties, my noble lords and gracious ladies,' said Don Fierna, ' before we proceed to the dance, I have a question to ask. What is the name of the mortal who was last at the Well of Vow ?' "All the eyes of the assemblage were now turned to the lower end of the cavern, where, near the immense gate, and half-hidden in the dusk, was a rather tall soldier-looking fairy, dressed entirely in blue, with a blue feather in his cap, and a long silver sword by his side. "' Catherine, my liege,' he said. (It's a curious fact, lvitty, but the fairies always call mortals by their Christian _ names. I don't know why it is ; perhaps it is in imita tion of the church; or perhaps they found that human beings were always changing their surname). "'Say, where is this Catherine?' Don Fierna continued—and you could hear his voice through the whole place, though he did not speak so loudly either. But everybody was listening intently. '"In the north, my liege. It is under stood she is coming to your Higliness's city of Cork. " 'She has been observed?' " 'Assuredly, my liege.' "' She remains faithful to her vow ?' "At this all the ladies lowered their eyes, and looked at each other wondering. "' She does, my liege.' ' 'The words were pronounced with emphasis ; and no sooner were they heard than the whole assemblage once more struck the little silver gongs, and it was as if the hollows of the cavern overhead were all filled with the singing of birds. "' Your Majesties, my lords and ladies,' said Don Fierna, ' we may despatch this piece of business before the revels begin. This faithful one must be rewarded. When she comes to our royal city of Cork, you will assure to her sweet sleep, sweet dreams. You will instruct your attendants. You will banish from her idle fears; you -will guard her from the phantoms of the night; the dark and sleep shall he as sweet to her as the day.' "With that, all down the table there was a continuous 'Yes,' 'Yes,' 'Yes,' so that the sound was just like the wind in summer stir ring through the beech- trees. Don Fierna then gave his hand to the young queen in white velvet; and the king, her sweetheart, turned to the noble dame who was next him; and so the whole company went away two-and two down the great hall (but leaving enough space between the couples for the ladies' trains to he fairly seen). And then, when the lord and ladies had disappeared into the ballroom, the servitors, in their green jackets and grey hose, forthwith jumped into the chaii-3 of their masters and mistresses; and there was such a noise of laughing and feasting that the very nightingales could no longer make themselves heard. "And so you see, my dear Kitty, that so far from having anything to fear from Don Fierna and the fairies and the elves of .'Lnislicen, thc-y really have you under their protection : and it is not the least use your worrying about what you promised at the well,'and imagining dark things, for indeed, promise or no promise, the result will be the same. Only, it seems to me, it would he base ingratitude on our part for all the kindness of the invisible world of Don Fierna if we were not to make that pilgrimage. And only once in seven years too! Dear Kitty, think what a trip that will be. Of course, in mar ried life, if what every one says is true, and if we should prove to be only like other people, one's views of things must naturally get changed; and no doubt the romance of love may get a little tempered down , by familiarity and custom; and you can not have such a lot of things to talk over as two people who only meet from time to time and have all their future to settle. But just think what a reopening of the past that will be to us two; how we shall seem to see ourselves' again standing there as we were seven years before; and if we have had our quarrels or mis understandings surely that will be the place to make everything up. My darling, don't look on your promise of that night as some-. tiling terrible, something to haunt yon, but rather as a bit of romance added to the facts of your life—something that you can recall in after days with a kind of smile, perhaps, but yet with a tender smile, and something that will remind you through possibly more prosaic years of what you and I were thinking once. Is that not sensible, sweet eyes ? "About your father: you must let him understand, my darling, that I am as anxious as he can be that I should have something definite and settled; but Rome was not built in a day; aud if you and I are content to wait for a while, I suppose that is our own business. Do you know, Kitty, that you are very profuse in your assurances that you are content with things as they are. I am not; not at all. I try to imagine what our life will be when we are together: and of course that makes me very impatient when I find another stumbling block in my way. How ever, there is no reason for grumbling. Plenty of people have come to London to try to earn a living, and been worse served than I have been. I have one hundred pounds a year certain ; I have nearly all my time my own; and I am writing so much and offering it in so many quarters that I must in time find out what the newspapers and magazines would wish to have, or what it is they object to. Mind you, I have my own ideals; and when the chance serves, I work atthem ; but in this absolute fight for life, I have got to make just such bricks as the builder will buy. Some day, Kitty, when you and I can plan together—after the fight is over, and we have won the fortress—then I shall be able to work in my own way, careless t,of everybody, who knows but that one might then ' strike for honest fame ?' I shall look in your eyes; the old days at Inislxeen will come back; that will be inspiration enough. "In the meantime, dear Kitty, if I can't tell you of anything definite and settled as regards my literary work, this at least will please you. I have been thinking over a series of papers describing the nonsense that is talked about politics and political men in tavern parlors and the like—some of it being exquisitely absurd; and I wrote one paper and sent it to the Hyde, Park Journal. To my astonishment (and a bit of delight) it ap pears in this evening's edition; and I send you a copy, though it won't interest you much. Kow the Byde Park is a very good paper; and if they will only continue the series, it will be an excellent thing for me, for the varieties of human folly, especially public-house poli tics folly, are endless. So you see things are not so bad; and you are a good girl to be working so hard—so good that I am not going to talk any more to you about wretched news papers' and my scribbling, and hopes and dis appointments. Don't forget that I love you. I shall be glad to hear of you beiDg in Cork, for then Don I'ierna will have his little scouts looking after you and protecting you. Do not forget that I love you." (To be continued.) 