The Brisbane Courier FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1882. Tun resolution carried l>y Mr. Gladstone in the Coimnons, condemning the action of the Lords in appointing a commission of in- quiry into tho working of the Irish Land Act, seems as if it would bring about a serious coiiatitutional crisis in the mother country. Lords and Commons have been left facing cadi other in such a way that neither can escape from a contest without losa of dignity, while a victory for one side I or other must result in a serious loss of 1 prestige to the vanquished side. The anta- gonism lias passed beyond the range of party differences, for although tho Conservatives voted as a party against Mr. Gladstone's motion, yet vvlien carried it became the expression of the opinion of the House of Commons, and the lesser question of party divergences has merged in the greater necessity of maintaining the position of the elective Chamber. It is now Commons against Lords, not Liberals against Conser- vatives. At least, if the difficulty does not assume this shape it will be because a very radical chango has taken place in the politi- cal habits of the mother-country. It would seem by their action that the Lords miss the cool clear head of Lord Beaconsfield, for, under his guidance, they would never have taken up their present position. It was well known that when the Irish Land Bill was before them last session the majority of the Peers would have wil- lingly thrown it out if they dared. As it was they carried some material alterations, among others the excision of the clause sus- pending proceedings for eviction from the passage of the bill, in order to give time to tenants to apply to the new land courts for protection. But though they displayed manifest reluctance to accept the bill, they did pass it, and thus as- sumed their share of responsibility for its operation. Now they have apparently repented of their pliability, and would fain undo what they have done, But it is not often given to men to retrace their steps either in their public or their private career. The Land Act is doing what it might have been inferred from the Land Bill that it would do. If the Lords had not the per- spicuity to foresee its consequences, so much the worse for them. The admission of their failure in this respect rellects on their capability as legislators. It is an almost unprecedented thing for a Legislature to pass a law one year, and then to adopt a resolution hostile to it in the very next ses- sion. For there seems very little doubt that the resolution appointing the committee was directed against the Act, Its members are to inquire into its working certainly, but from the manner of their appointment it is quite certain that they will examine it with unfriendly eyes. If (lie branch of a colonial Legislature did such a thing it would be generally condemned, for it betrays the politically unpardonable fault of vacil- lation. If the Lords regarded the Land Act as an evil why did they permit it lo become law-why did they not, manfully maintaining their convictions, use their con- stitutional power of rejecting it 1 If they had done this-if they had caused the Government to go back to the country on the question-and had then been obliged to yield, they would have at least saved their prestige and compelled respect for their high sense of public duty. As it is they propose to do that which will embarrass the Execu- tive in the battle they ave waging with the lawlessness rampant in Ireland, by en- couraging the people to regard a law just passed by tho three estates of tho realm as something to be thwarted and nullified rather than enforced and obeyed. To the House of Lords the loss of prestige snell as they are now risking is a very serious matter, for it is nothing less than a loss of vitality. The hereditary legislators exist more by virtue of what (hey have been than what they are ; they represent mainly an historic tradition. If the people of Great Britain were asked Hie »imple question whether the House of Lords should or should not continue to exist in its present shape, an aflinnative answer would probably be given by a large majo- rity. But if it were put to the people whether its existence was absolutely necessary to the national well-being, the aflinnative majority could not be reckoned upon. England has gone on and past its House of Lords. In saying this we do" no"t~ underrate the Peers, Their forefathers filled'a place in the Con- stitution for which we cannot find an equi- valent in any other country, and performed services which cannot be too highly esti- mated. Unlike the nobility of other conn tries, who were careful only to retain their own personal privileges and wealth, the Peers of Britain, as a class, never shrank from the onerous duties which were at- tached to their position. They ever stood between the Crown and the Commons, and it is mainly due to their patriotism and high sense j>f publie duty that the. English Constitution did not .drift into absolutism, as was the fate of the great Continental States. It would have gone ill with the Commons during the reign of the Stuarts if the nobles had all sided with the Crown, .or like the Frondeurs of France resisted its aggression solely for their own selfish ends. They were the leaders in the fight which ended in constitutional victory, and for a long time tiley virtually ruled the country they had rescued from absolutism. It was for this reason, because the Commons ob- tained gradually-a little this generation, a little more the next-the power they now enjoy, that constitutional freedom is so firmly rooted in Great Britain. When a king is driven suddenly from his seat, and the reins of power are flung into the gutter to be scrambled for by masses of people never before accustomed to self-rule, the inevitable result is disorganisation and a series of catastrophes. The Peers have in great measure secured for their country the fruits of a .successful revolution without its evils. But their work is done or nearly done. Political power has nearly »lipped out of their hands, merely because they have almost accomplished theirtnskof training the Commons to govern themselves. The only useful function apparently left to them is lo act as a check on hasty legislation. But is the splendid machinery of an historic Chamber in which the descendants of the poweiful peerage which) alone in Europe, maintained the popular liberties against the Crown needed for that ? Is there not some degradation in setting the House of Lords to perform a task îeft-to the mere mechanical arrangement by which Ave put a drag on the political -wheel in these colonies? It is as if some famous general were in his old age left to teach raw recruits their goose step. We may rest assured that if tho people of GrcatBritain were tobring themselves to con- ceive of tlie House of Lords in this light, its days Avould be numbered. It exists'and main- tains.its position because the glamour of its past achievements hides the true nature of . its actual work. It liA-es, in short, as Ave before said, by its prestige and the reluct- ance of Englishmen to disturb a portion of their Constitution which is dignified by so many splendid associations. But the senti- ment Avili not withstand the shock of an angry conflict between the two branches of tlie Legislature. An old castle may stand for centuries, venerable in its decay, and preservingan appearance of massive strength*, in spite of crumbling brickwork and rotten beams. But let it be again put to the rude test of Avar, ¡mci it will speedily sink into a mere cumbersome heap of ruins. THE two speeches taken from a report of the recent banquet given to Mr. .Robert Tooth at Maryborough, published iii another column, are of great interest. Mr. Tooth speaks for himself. He is a man with a positive genius for projecting enter- prises, and his fertile brain is ever at Avork devising means for improving existing in- dustries or establishing HOAV ones. Men of his stamp are public benefactors every- where, for they open paths by which, the more timid multitude adA'ance to fortune ; and in a colony like ours, where vast natural resources exist, which must be utilised under quite novel conditions, they are simply invaluable. The Maryborough ban- quet Avas a Ax- ell-deserved tribute to a gentle- man who has done much to advance the interests not only of the district of Wide Bay, but of the colony of Queensland. Mr. Tooth was appropriately surrounded on that occasion by men whose fortunes he may be baid to have made. The Mr. P. O'Kelly wliose speech we reproduce was himself a farmer who, if the process of sugar manu- facture had not been satisfactorily dissociated from cane-growing by the establishment of Yengarie, Avould probably have been a com- paratively poor man to-day. Like others who sat at tlie same banquet table, he had begun as a general cultivator of tlie soil witli a limited capital. Tho introduction of cane growing opened out to them a prospect of prosperity which so many farmers have found illusory. The cane grew well enough, but the process of sugar-making required the expenditure of more capital than they could command, and no satisfactory plan of selling cane to the mills under tlie old system Ai*as ever deA*ised. But Yengarie became a sugar manufactory, and processes were introduced by which each grower was enabled by tlie use of inexpensive appliances to turn his cane into a juice for which lie received the full value. This turned the scale. Cane-growers like Mr. O'Kelly became substantial and prosperous men, and a class of small planters, intermediate be- tween the large wholesale cultivators and the ordinary farmers, established themselves on the Mary. Noxx*, without doing any injus- tice to the large capitalist planters, we may say that the establishment of such a class of substantial middle men is a clear gain to the community. This is the result of the Yen- garie system, and, according to Mr. Tooth, is likely to be even more markedly the effect of tlie new process he is about to in- troduce. We can only hope that he Avili succeed, and, while spreading the well-being which results from the establishment of a lucratÎA'o industry like sugar-groAving through a large section of the community, he may himself profit by his enterprise and perseverance. IT has been remarked that, though Aus- tralia can now boast of a fair supply of big guns and a tolerable stock of ammunition, xve have no manufactory of gunpoAvder. The question arises-if it was necessary to set to Avork making gunpowder, Avhere should Ave obtain the charcoal suitable for the purpose ? Our natÍAre xx'Oods would not supply it-at least, so Dr. Bennett, of Sydney, says, and he recommends the planting of willoAvs. Both the Avood of the willow and the budlea aro very suitable for the purpose, and they are both of them very ornamental trees, easily propagated, and fast growers. Anyone AVIIO has been at Toowoomba must remember the magnificent willow at the entrance to the railway station yard. ' That willow can scarcely be more than thirty years old. And then in growing Avillows along our watercourses there is not only their ultimate destination which Dr. Bennett seems to contemplate, but there is the shade and protection it affords to the water itself from the fierce exhausting sun. Then the cricketer, too, ought to groAv his own willow wands. Think of the effect a war Avould have on cricket and the supply of cricket bats. The loss of gunpoAvder itself, Avith all its beneficent and protecting qualities, would hardly be felt more acutely than the ? loss of the friendly cricket bat. Everything points to the establishment of I a society to promote the growth of the willow. Let any man Avho grows an acre of Avillow, or even one willoAV as big as our friend of the Too- woomba yard, let any such man have fifty acres of Crown lands ; or let any land grant company which makes a good waterhole, plants it with WÜIOAVS, and matures them, let any such company, for each waterhole so formed and planted, be presented Avith a A-ote of thanks by Parliament. If this is not' considered a sufficient inducement, then let us have a Government department es- tablished for the growth of willow, and the manufacture of gunpowder. Mu. BIUDLAUGU, M.P.,spealàngat Accring ton, said his motion in favour of an inquiry iuto perpetual pensions had been so favourably re- ceived by the country that already 1012 peti- tions, representing 270,000 signatures, had been presented to Parliament, a larger number than had ever supported an independent member in any similar motion. If the money paid in pensions had been invested at the usual interest paid to Government stock, it would liavo amounted to £4,(300,000,000. THE Illustrated SpoHiny caul Dramatic Hews of 7th January con tains a very kindly notice of tlie late Sir J. P. Bell, accompanied by a good portrait. The notice is from the pen of " Red Spinner," xvho contributes another article to the same issue on the congenial subject of schnapper fishing. It is in the xx- riter's best style, and gives English readers an excellent idea of the fun enjoyed on these occasions. The article is xvell illustrated. There are txvo views-one of the line of fishermen hauling up their prizes over the ship's side ; the other showing tlie confusion created by the capture of a lively shark, which is fighting hard for its life and sweeping all the lines near it into in- extricable confusion. There are also good illustrations of the schnapper and jew fish, and a little sketch showing " The Fishing Ground." Our colony is being brought under the notice of the English public in many xvays now, and the little descriptions of Queensland life and Queensland sport which "Red Spinner" is scattering through a number of English periodicals is probably as effective an adver- tisement as wc can have. A MEMORAN'DUM from the Electric Telegraph Oftice states that in future when two or more steamers arrive at this port ia the same position at night a white light will be shown nbsve the signals denoting their movements. The arrival of royal mail steamers nt night will also ho signalled by a single green light when entering' at Cape Moreton, and green over green when anchored at the Bar. A COltUEsroNDENT telegraphs from Thargo- mindah that the reports of losses from Hoods in that district recently published were con- siderably exaggerated, the destruction of stock from this cause not being nearly so great as at first stated. THE rehearing of the case against Michael John Minnis, charged with the murder of Wil- liam Pillinger, has now occupied the Supreme Court for a week, and will probably not be finished till Monday or Tuesday next. The case for the prosecution closed at dinner-time yesterday, but the remainder of the sitting was occupied in taking the evidence of Mrs. Pillinger, widow of the deceased, who was ordered to be called, and was asked a number of questions by the Judge. At a quarter-past 4 p.m., while being examined by the Attorney- General, this witness was taken with a fit, and after a delay of a quarter of an hour, during which she partially recovered, the court was adjourned till the following (this) morning. The case for the defence will, in all probability, be finished to-day, and it is likely that the jury will visit the scene of the murder to-morrow. The addresses of counsel and the summing up of the Judge will then have to follow, and it is hardly likely that these will be got through in one day. IT will be seen from an advertisement in another column that thecntcrtainmenlgiven by tho Grammar School boys on Tuesday last will he repeated on. Friday night next, the 10th instant. This decision has been arrived at in consequence of many of the former Grammar School boys and others who aro unable to attend an entertainment in the daytime having expressed a desire thatthe performance may be repeated at night. The scenic effects and dresses will appear to far greater advantage by gaslight than in the daytime, and there is every probability of the entertainment being witnessed by a large number of people. The programme will be the same, and the proceeds will, as on the former occasion, go toward* the fund for establishing a Girls' Grammar School. Mit. MACALLUM'S benefit takes place at the theatre to-night. A good house is anticipated, and it is to lje hoped that the anticipation will be fulfilled. IN our advertising columns will he found a programme for the celebration of St. Patrick's night It seems that a ball will he the chief affair of the evening, but will be preceded by a concert of Irish national music, most of the principal musical amateurs gi ving their services on the occasion. The committee is a good one for improvising and carrying out a lively and befitting célébration of St. Patrick's Day, and we feel sure that neither trouble nor money will be spared by them on this occasion. Those who have passed the time for ballroom festivity, or whose inclinations docs not lie that way, will have in the concert a treat which they cannot fail to appreciate. Good Irish ramie well rendered cannot fail to please everybody, and is to most Irishmen and women a pleasure which words can scarcely describe. A VERY pleasant afternoon's amusement was enjoyed at the Ithaca School of Arts yesterday by the parents and friends of the pupils of Mr*, and Miss Russell, music teachers, of the Oval, Kelvin Grove and Waterworks-road. These ladies, who have followed this profession for many years, had invited all their pupils to give a recital of music at the place mentioned, and issued invitations to their parents and friends. The concert commenced shortly after 3 o'clock, the audience numbering about seventy persons. The pupils, of whom there were thirty, were very tastefully dressed, and presented a very pleasing appearance on the stage. The recital lasted nearly two hours, and must have given much gratification to parents and teachers, for each child distin- guished herself in some particular, down to tho little woman, ii years old, who played with wonderful accuracy " Home, Sweet Home." Several solos were snug with a sweetness and accuracy that told well for the good training and instruction received. There were also duets and solos played with a softness of touch and precision very rare among children of the age of these young people ; and as each child left her scat sho was greeted "with hearty ap- plause. Miss Russell, who possesses a very sweet voice, sang with much pathos "The Good-bye at the door," which was ovidcutly much appreciated. "Under the Willow," in the chorus of which all the pupils joined, then followed, and Mrs. Russell, after thanking the visitors for their attendance, dismissed the" little folk. THOUGH the audience at the circus last night was not as largo as on the pre- vious one, there was a very good attend- ance, and the various performances were very successfully carried out. The acrobats performed some very clever somersaults, and their daring and sensational feats on the ropes were well worthy of being witnessed. The per- formance of the man on tho polo was particu- larly good ; and a song given by a young lady was, considering the height to which the voice had to be pitched, very fairly rendered. The sensation caused hy a galloping horse and its ridor was not the least interesting feature of the amusements, and the laughable remarks and various bon mots of the clown were well appreciated. A performance for children will be given to-morrow afternoon, tho admission to all parts of the tent being only sixpence. SOME surprise having been expressed at the silt from the dredge employed at the Dry Dock being deposited in the river off the old powder magazine, wo have made inquiries into the mutter, and learn from an official source that the material so deposited is nearly all stone, that the river nt the spot is not less than ten fathoms deep, and that in the opinion of the Engineer for Harbours and Rivers no possible injury to the river channel can accrue from the deposition. The total quantity of silt to be removed from the dock outrance will be about 2000 tons, and the cost of carrying it down the river would involve a very heavy expense. A SPÉCIAL general meeting of the Brisbane City Ice Company was held on Wednesday last at the Temperance Hall, Edward-street, Mr. J. Burns in the chair. The provisional directors presented a report to the effect that the whole of the shares had been allotted. The articles of association, drawn up by Mr. J. R. Baxter Bruce, were read and approved of, on the motion of. Mr. 31. Daly, seconded by Mr. Anderson. The following gentlemen were elected directors of the company .--Messrs. A. Banniger, J. Burns, O. Gardner, J. R. Taylor, J. Greaves, and W. Gray. Messrs. Horsley and Morrow were appointed auditors, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. , REVEURIKO to the recent gift of the Wolve- rene by the Admiralty to Sydney, the Broad Arroto sincerely trusts that she will hold toge gcther until she is wanted, but very much fears that unless wanted very soon she will be of little service to her new owners. If Sydney wants a harbour defence vessel-and there can be no doubt that all our colonial ports are in that position - our military contemporary taiuks she had better buy a decent ironclad, for " it is questionable if good ships are likely to he given away by the British Admiralty at a time when they arc badly in want of the same commodity themselves." THE cotton season will commence (says the Queensland Timts), as far as the ginning goes, some time in the month of April. Messrs. Cribb and Foote have overhauled their admir- able machinery and arc now in a position to com- mence operations. The crop is a very fair one. Those who occupy low-lying lands will do well, but the drought has plnyed great havoc with those who have cultivated on the higher por- tions of the country. On tho whole the chances arc that the machines, which are now working most smoothly, will be kept pretty busy. Tlic industry is increasing in value every year, and has in this district arrived at quite au important pitch. ProiLSSOK PEITER'S cnteitninment at the Albeit H ill last night was full j equal to that given on any prcMous occasion, and the audience x\ as far laigei than on the pi eccdine night H' o-vociiment'i m elcctucity weit very successfully earned out ann tno teat he accomplished of lifting an non xi eight of sex eral pounds by means of a connmiativch small magnet xx ns witnessed xi ith niuch mtei est The photographic choiamis of xanous places n» Amonen, England, and Queensland xxeievei y much ndnined, and full} dcseixed the lout! applause xxith xxhich the appeal mee of each succcssix e one AX as gi eetcd Pi obnblj the most mt« estin{, pait of theonteitauiment xxastlie appearance of the celebiated "ghost' m the stoiyof "Pygmalion and Galatea," audthepei foi manee of the "ghost' on this occasion isas gcneinlly pionounccd tobesupenoi to that of any past night Tho "ghost illusion' in tlie " Specti e of Udolpho s Castle also affoi dod the audience much enjoyment, as well as the othei items in the programme The piofessoi s last cnteitainment xi ill take place to night xihcn it is to be hoped he wall be fax oui ed with i laico audience THE Boko goes to the Bay to moiioxx at 2 o clock sharp ' Mit R D Git VH VAI xi ill it is said, he a can didatc foi the repiesentation of Rosewood THE Alexandra, foi Cooktoxxn xxiii leave at 7 a ni to monow, instead of S p ni as foi mci lv advertised THF Queensland Cncl ct Association meet this evening at the Globe Hotel to aiuingoa match hctxxeen Combined Boxxi s vnd Bnsbaiic teams IN Roma and the Western count-v generally the people and the cattle nie su ft ung «exeiely since the late rams fi oin fix blisht AMiatK the beat lcmedy foi the blight Some binn minean piobiblj ansxxci IN the Courier of jcslciihj i ccitifieate of discharge m insolvency v.as lopwted to have been granted to "J G Pcai s or Tonitiulc Villey, labouier ' This x\as m erior The ccitifieate xx is granted to John t coi ge Petas of Fortitude Vallev cal ponte i ' A FltirNDLY sculling match fin i tiophy lias been definitely ai i anged to take place on the 1st Amil between Mi T OSullixan and Air H H Lvnch, ni xxa^ei boats The race xvill be lowed eithei f i oin the di j dock to the Regatta Hotel or in the oppisilednection ne touting to the tide it haxmg boen decided to pull xx lth the euri ent Timers ilso some talk of i '?cullin", match neu Buukftst Cieek to monoxv afternoon, between tlnce xxell known medical gentlemen of this city Ar the City Police Comt jesterdaj, befoie Mr W H Day and Mcssis Illidge, Clark. Hubbaid Jones, Poxxci Admis Spiy, Love, and Skmnei, J J P 1 Hen newman for drunkenness, was fined 10s xxitli the alterna ti\e of twentj foin horn s in the cells, and Priscilla Leggett, for a »milln offence was fined 20s , or forty ei"ht houi s imprisonment in default James C irtci fji disordcilj con duct, «as fined 10s oi txuntj foul horns m the cells and foi as aultinj, tin police he was sentenced to seven dajs lnipusnnment without the option of a fine Patnck Povxei foi u nig ob cone language xi as fined fc-2 oi one month s niipilsonment m default The bojs Isaac Dax is and John Gibson eli u gul xxitli lining stolen aquantitvof grapes uni ] liieapplesfrom a gai den it AVcst End, xxeip disc iar(,ed xvhen then fithcis had been xx un d to look bett«, aftci them m f utui e Mi 1) i -. nd it xx as a "icat pity that the sins of the cluldicn coulci not be xisited upon the p n cuts and thought that three months lmpiisoimunt would da Davis xxho had ahead} two cluldicn at the lcfoimatory school, good us it piobablj would linxe the effect of making lum t ike better care of his childi en Ar the sittings of the Petty Debts Court jesteiday befoie Alt AV H Dij and Messis*. Illidge Claik, Hubbaul, Jones Powei, Admis, Spiv, Loxe, and Sknnici JJ P m the de fended case of H Paikei v Cobb and Co, claim £1 17s , money paid on account of a bleach of contract bj the defendants Air. Chamhci s appeal ed foi the plimtiff and Air. Mein foi the defendants 'J be pi imtirf cave evidence to the etfect that on the 2nd of Jimmy he pin chased two tickets at 2» each fiom Cobb and Co 's agent at Beenleigh foi txxo bo\ seats on then coach to Bnsbane. When the coach was about to stai t next morn mg it xv as full of passengeis, both outside and in, and the agent told linn (xxitness) he had made a mistake in selling him the tickets. The plaintiff was offeied a seat foi himself anti fnond inside the coach, but theie xxas no room unless txxo passengcis had given up their scats Hcicfnscd to take the scats offeied and was tend« ed back the money foi tho tickets He afteixxaids engaged a buggy xxhich cost him £1 17s and dioxc into toxvn Mi Mein called no exidcncc foi the defence but submitted the defendant should bax e taken seats on the next coach that left that day and as he had not made an attempt to do that he h id placed him- self out of court bj his unicLsonablo conduct. The bench gave a vcidict foi the defendant", with 2= cost of plea THE wet xveathei has lciidoi ed it impossible (savs the P D 2 eley) am of IStb ultimo) foi vehicles to travel oxer the blick soil of the Downs betwcen Emeiaid and Gleimont Oui stoiekeepeis nie thoicfore pi evented from i cooning their usual consignments We heat that not moro than a few pounds of flom can bo obtained at an> of the stoics foi loxcoi. money Should lain set in airain, it will be impossible to say hoxv long tins unsatisfactoij) state of affan» may last AVith a weeks fine xxeathet it might be possible to get light loadf tlnough AVhat state the Doxxns aie m may ho judDeil from the fact that Mi Ch u les Lax al could not ti ax el last week with an empty dray. AVe arc infoi mod that a couti act for the cal inge of a load of Houi fiora Emei aid to Clei mont (only sixty two miles) has been nn le at il2 pelton With cama"e it such a hgine, Mi Bloome may vieil want Sd a loaf The completion of the branch railxx nj w ill at lea«t lebcxe Us fiom Hour famines Til* pai ty of sin \cj oi s who have been cn« gaged tijingtofinda piacticvble route foi a railway fiom Muckadilla to Cunnamulla came into town on Mondav with then camp equip monts horses v.c Tlie man in cliaige left for Biisbaneby Monday nichts train AAeliaxe not learnt how fai the paitj Oot on the wax to the AVancgo but they aie sup) osed to nave ciosscd the "Alaranoa Rix er somewhere in the ncighhomliood of leeswntci It i» reported the fuither prosecution of the «uixej has been ibandoneil by the Government -Wtsta n ¿ï«r, 1st Alai cb JxoiwiTHsTXNniNC that the di ought has been scveie m this district the flint crop is tin nmg out both abundant and of excellent qu ibtj sax e and except in fhos \ ino} aids and orchaids xxhich unfortunatilv were in the tiack of the lnilstoi m that ra -ed ox el Roma onFndaj, 11th Noxembei The grapes nave gencnlly been excellent, xxell tri own and of hne flax oui, and lal gc quantities lnxe been sold in Busbane and in other toxxn rloxni the line. The peaches are noxv just ripening on the trees, and they are found to be «iqcuor to any groxxaiheie foi seme time Tin distncthas not jet asserted itself as reguds its suitable- ness foi tlie growth of apple It will do sO befoie long Mr Cottell the other day bl ought into toxvn a clustei cf thiee apple» all on one twig, winch he had cut fiom a young tiee in an orchaid on a selection at Lirttli? Cieek rhej were fine and round, and looked exceedingly well AVe think om settler» may congratulate themselxcs on haxang both soil and chínate that is admiiablj adapted foi the gi ow th of almost anj thing man i eqiures i\ en the di oughts aie beneficial, m isntucln» t hey mellow the land and pi ex ent its being xxorked and exhausted until it becomes stonie li this subtropical countiy had too much ram the land would be covered with a jungle as dense ns that xxhich so effectually impedes settlement m Biazil -If estera Star TiltP D Telegram of ISth ultimo «ajs - Old i esidents on the xx estei n «ide of the Di uni mond Bange decíale they liad not expcnenccci such heavy lam dining sixteen yeal« ¿ne Bel} ando fecdeis pom ed out a deluge xx men spiead itself foi miles on either side of tnc minn channel Fencing, «labs, audioes xx ere xx ashed along for gre it distances AVe nave not heai c1 of anj hxe» being lost, andtru twe may have none of such events to record uau dehxenesxxere of course impossible, and lioin allquaitei» \xerc raoie oi less dehvjod lie mail fi oin Emerald, aftci a xxoekssiiapen ion of communication aimed on Thuisday morn ing AVe are infoimed the bags xxeie tromea along the now blanch hne as fai a» Jheresa Ci eek They w ei e thence bl ouçht on to oiei mont in a light buggj .lent for the occanon DXJ Mes is J-risei and Al Donald the J-u^ay contractors But foi tins timclj a'»-st,an5° bj rail and buggj, we might jet have been without om newspapers Heavj night «ex*.s should betoken a toniporarx withdraxxal of tne xxateiyforces So fal we have had no ram since Sunday Grass is now abundant, ana as the ground appeals to be thoroughly soaked, tiieie should be feed enough whçre it was most wanted to carry our stock for a icw months Vi liv little has lately been henul (says the }v<ite>n Slat) of the pioieeted meat fice/iii^ compiui} m Koma, hut it is pleasing to lind it is making satisfictoiy piogie«s foi all tint Inquines come in f i otu vanous places, and theio «is a meeting of the piovisionil dncc toi s on Mond ty ifteinoon to deal with this coi i cspondcncc and othci mattcis It v\as st itid it the meeting that, pi ev lons to going out into the distncts west of Koma, Ali lu ino would \isit Bush mc, and he wns authoiiscd to ictus tiavcllmg hiolcci foi the company m the niions towns between heie and the mctiopolis 'Hie «ecictniy (Mi Cottell) lcpoikd that he hal íeceived lettcis fiom loowoombi and Wai wuk. mquning if in the event uf a cert mi nunibci of sliucs biiii^ taken up by the resi dents ot those towns they would be em poweied to elect a locil duectoi, and if so wliatnumbei of shines would entitle them to cxeiciso th it pi tv liege It tianspncd that, fioin the inf01 ni ition to hand it is vciy pio b ibli th it a lai gc muiibci of shin es will be ap plied foi fi oin lesidcnts of those two places md a lesolution was adopted to the effeit that the lesidcnts of mj lonlity »ubsci iban, foi 1000 »haies shall bo entitled to appoint a duectoi lu the discussion that niose it ap pen ed to be the gcnoial opinion tint is the public hud now hld ibuudancc of time to u i iv o it i fan ly good estimate of the prospects of thcpiojectcd company an effoit should be made to eel the comp mi foimed without delaj, and it is behoved that in the com se of tinco weeks oi a month the piovisional duectoi s will be m a powtion to announce that it has been successfully floated. 