Mr. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. Mr. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsome bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, being a very handsome man; lobked well in it. It a sometimes ocoured to Mrs. Bixby that she Ssould.bo quite as well pleased'if this were lot hl so, and ift she did not so often hear'of his fig. uring in the crowd of.bathers, who pla ypc the mermaid at' Splashtown beach, morning nd PI afternion. an Mrs. Bixby was sure he 'was not so fond of m duckingheri under the waves.' On those rare occasions when she did "go in,"' he allowed r5 her to bob 'up had down, Clutching at the l rope for a while, and then asked her, very ii curtly, if she " wasn't tired of it ?" II She generally erwas' t tell the truth. Under I1 such circumstances who would not have been? U MrlBixbywas one of thosebeaut-mmen whogen erally sinub their 'female relatives, and keep their charms for society; but, besides this, a heobore his wife a particular grudge: She was.the niece of seven very old aunts and n uncles, all immensely rich,and all "very fond of Matilda." But 'perhaps they were not as ca fond of. Matilda's husband, for since their ti marriage six.of them had died, without leav- - ing her a penny.. With each. demise Mr. 1 Bixby grew less affectionate. "He married' me for my expectations, no it doubt,' poor Matilda thought to herself, as ti ,she regarded' in the 'inirror, a' countenance' h tht. had no .particularly fine features; and h she, too, thought of the thousands that might I haye been hers, if she had married some one P more agreeable to her family. She sat on the porch alone, thlispleasantJuly day, after Mr.'Bixby had gone gallantly away si seaward, with'the little waterproof satchel in 'd which he carried his bathing-suit, and Turkish t 'towels, and thought of.many things, and fell Ci ainto such a deep brown study,' that when some one addressed her with: "Ybur letters, r Mrs. Bixby," she' started, and gave a little b cry. "Did I frighten you?" said the voice of a fellowiboarder. '' I didn't know you were nervous. I am dreadfully, but you are al ways so-composed. It is only to give you your letters.' ' I. brought them from the ofll e." l . " Thank you," said Mrs. Bixby.' " I think 0 I musthave been asleep," and as the other lady passed on, she turned the missives overin her a lap. Therewer five of them; one, a letter with a black seal,' Mrs. Bixby tore' it open.` ,It was as sho had expected. Her Uncle Jedediab, aged ninety, was dead. That Was n SMrs. lixby took out her handkereliief, and read on. Her' unle had left all his money to I the' Asyolum for Attobinys' Orphans. This I .was eadder'still. The handkerchif 'was wet 1 in an instant, and as her tears foill, Mr. Bin. by's voice fell ounh'er'ear. ' I've come back; Tilly. Ipromisod to wait for somo dno.who is going to thebeach. You have letters?" " ? Mrs. Bixb' wiped hter 'eyes, and gave hini' lthose owithi.hes name o.upoithir .envcldpoi; . l.He simply held the,' sthrisdi 'at the black I edged paper in her hand.": "'!How you llketo'toroi- ent"te,'Tilly,, he said at lhist "'what nws' hav?yeou?" ' SUncle is dead, she answered " t'Well'?" ' He has left his money to'ea charity," sobl bed Mrs. Bixby. . Mr. Bixby muttered an oaith, and 'marhed ,away. . . In tihe hall of the hotel a lady of fascinac ting air, and little' pencilled lines uide?i hei liandsomo eyes, met him -pobably by acei-' elit:. Tle two went toeward the'beach to t gethor; talking earnmestl.', .: " t"Certainly, he married me for my enpe p tatlons," said Mrs. Bixby apnd wont to her room to weep with' more freedom. ,Shb did not oven go dlown to dinner that evening, and Mrc;.Bixby:.'dd not come up to ask eliy I About midn?ight thies' wan consternation In' ,. the hotel. Mrs. Bixby was maling inquiries it about Mr. Bixby, and th' last seen of him was in the water.' Vaiious" perons niiow of s. his entering it in his handrome bathing dress. It Nobody had seen him come out; 'There, was n great excitement with the coming idawn. e Various young ladies reportedhim as "swim r uing beautifully" at five o'clock, lie had is tried to teach one to swim.. S. It was evident that he was, drowned, Mrs. it Bixby was going from one room into another p upstairs, and calling on her ,dcar,.darling, lovely Augustus,ito forgive her her coldness. id Sympathetic ladies .filled the room, doctors d were calld in, and reportrs were jotting down n paragraphs. ' n I Menwhile another letter, with a blaolseal; to addressed to Mrs. Bixby, arrived at. the hotel. When she was able to read it,.sho did:.so, It it. was from her lawyers. A, later iwill of her sy, Unael Jedediah's/had been discovered. .He. my, had taken a.dislike to one of the trustees ofl "the!' Attorneys' Orphans," and had left all his fortune to his ," dear niece, Matilda 'Dix. "f poor. August?i ha'd buitlived to share 'it," sobbe dthe,wdidow. ':', ' .Bpt after all, it was'a'consolationi. SSh' remained at th hotel ;al! winter, visited 'by 'grave IcgIal.'gentlcmon' and'.w' enring tlihe .deepest weeds. pIn Sp.n she, bbught, a aot tage near the beacl, furmishedit luxuriously and' became' a regular summer resident. Wealthy, flattered, courted, she became quite handsome. Attentions were. showered uponi her. Serious offers were'made for her hand. 'At lengthi Jenkins; the reporter, mentioned; in a long-winded paragraph, the facts of her "loinantio History "'how her fortune had! eei'' left -her 'when s'he was plunged; in agonies of grief, how much her'"resideice" was worth, ald what her crapo' cot a yard. 'And one suitor,' more persistent than the others, wound himself about her heart. She had'determined to remain a widow, but, she was very lonely.' ShB' had vowed 'to marry no handsomb 'mai.-: ThisLman whom she' preferred was not hanidsome;. he had one crossed eye and a club foot; but Matilda be lieved that she should bo perfectlyhappy with 'him: Her mourning faded into lilac silk and vio lets, white tullo and pansies; And onoday sho walked upon the beach, slowly making up her mind as to the form in which her accept ance of a written offer, Which she had re ceived, should bd couched,'wlhen, looking'out upon the sea, her eyes met an object which petrified her with amazement. 'It' was simply a 'swimmer, who, having gained a spot where the water was only up to his waist, was advancing toward her; but the surprising point in this otherwise very ordi nary object was that it wore Mr. Bixby's bath ing costume. 'His -wifo knew ittoo well to be mistaken. Had she not.embroidered that pattern on the collar herself ? Was not that raid made to order? Were not the buttons some which had- descended froim the past? Real gold buttons-too good, Mrs. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing suit.. The widow turned faint as she gazed, for not only did sho know the dress, but the handsome head above it. She know that it was Mr. Bixby's ghost. Her limbs faile(her. She .sat 'down uon the sand, and hid her face in her trembling hands. But now. a splashing sound of feet treading the damp beach roused her., She looked up.. The spectre stood beside her, looking very solid, indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke; and said: "'Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am your own Augus tus. Look up, love. Look up." And fell exhausted-or so it seemed to Matilda-at her side. Matilda shrieked, clasped him in her arms, wet as he was;: sobbed that the joy of that moment wouldi be too much for her, and never thought for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had diseippeared in the sea should walk out of it alive and unharmed a year Iafterward. But Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. He had swam out too far, and been picked up 'by a boat attached to a whaling: vessel-the Sea Gull, Captain Brown-he was careful to ex plain; had been ill and delirious forweeks, and only recovered to find the ship driving before a fearful gale, which wrecked her in mid-ocean. . With seven others he took to a raft, and was cast on a deserted island, where he had since lived tn his bathing suit, subsist ing on shell-fish and berries. And how at last, knowing himself to be a good swimmer, he had resolved to make a bold stroke for life. " And here I am' added Mr. Bixby. Poor Matilda, crediting every word .of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. " And what must have been your struggles, my poor wife ?" sighed the the husband. Then Matilda astonished him by an ac. count of her legacy, and conducted him home, to the amazement of every one who met them -joy in her eyes and in her poor, honest 'heart. . Left alone in his apartment while the faith ful wife prepared beef tea and. other rostora tives, for the individual she had recently been in the habit of alluding to as "her sainted husband," Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing fits of silent laughter, and several times re peated to himself: "HangitI was there ever such a fool as Tilly ?" and a tramp who wandered on the shore was at the same time overjoyed by, the *discovory of a rather seedy suit of clothes, in the pockets of which, besides several reproach ful pink notes, .signed Rosalie, he Ifound a Chicago ioewspaper in which the enterprising reporter's account of Mrs. Bixby's "romantic history," her good fortune, and her seaside mansion had been faithfully copied. However, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal in her power, was not as often snubbed in the future as she had been in the past. Her hus band no longer flirted in her presence, and she considers herself, an exceedingly happy wo man, and is very. ond of repeating the story of Mr. Bixby's adventures, which she has no doubt the whole world believes as thorouglly as she does. 