NOT DEAD BUT GONE BEFORE. Jli Squill. The little seaport town of Bampton, North Queensland, lay bathed in tlic warming rays of an autumn sun, and a pretly enough little place was Bampton, with its row of painted houses facing the sea, some perhaps tco new and glar ing to be altogether picturesque, but this defi ciency in the scene was made up for by the other houses that were nestled in the deep foli age ot tneir luxuriant ssnu-us ; nuui; i»a ,i back-ground to all, and quite hemming in the little town, ran a steep range, near enough for one to distinguish the deeper shades of pine scrub from the lighter couutry. Further biek Btill rose the distant mountains of the great dividing range, with a perpetual haze ov.r them, while often its summit would lie cure loped in blue hnzy clouds. Altogether Bampton wjtfl a very romantic spot, and at the time of which we speak, the scene was rendered more attractive by the crowds of people that in their own small way were imitating the lackartaisieal customs of more populous and fashionable | southern towns by turning out lo do the ' block ' Some were walking up and down the promenade dial ran round the little bay and harbor, between the sea aud houses ; others were roving about the rocks on the edge of the water; others again took .advantage of the seats that hero and there offered therasdves to the weary passer Amongst these last, on a i scat by himself and with evident satisfaction at things in general, and in particular at tiie fragrance of a cigar lie was smoking, sat Claude Neville Cellaire, whom it would be as well to introduce at once, for though he can hardly be classed as a hero, he is the leading character in this story, and iu introducing bim, let us look a little into bis antecedents. Surely looking at t im as he lolls in the scat, with such very correct clothing setting off an evidently fine figure wilh a handsome face, one | would not be astonished to hear that he was some impoverished nobleman, who, unable any , longer to surround the dignity and lustre of j bis escutcheon and its belongings with fitting j splendour, bad brought himself down from his j wonted haunts among ' (looks' and eails to walk with common mortal^ ; and at the same time for reasons of convenience, had allowed the glitter of his erstwhile illustrious patrony mic to sink into the vulgar usage of a plain surname with a 'Mr.' attached to il. But such surmises would bo quite incorrect in the j case of our friend. True, as lie said himself, his , ' ma' was a Mrs, Bellairc, and the Bellairce, you know, were of a dreadfully old stock, dnt- j ing somewhere about tie coal-period, and more over from time immemorial tbey had at great expens kept up a family vault and ghost. But by Bellaire's account the reasons muBt have been very painful that caused a fond mother— and sbe a love-lorn widow— to part with her only child. The old lady bad said he ? her son— had never quite got over a late attack of the measles, the effects of which seemed at one time to be bringing him down to an early grave, when as a forlorn hope and on the advice of Sir Magnus Gullall, M.P,, the eminent court physician, he went for a voyage. Sir M. Gullall, M.D., one 0/ thos-f to whom you pay 3 guineas t0 in 1881, in 14 innings, he averaged 12 runs, and in 447*2 overs, ho bowled 200 maidens and took 31 wickets. For his county (Middlesex) hie bowling and batting cannot be overrated. In the right, sitting with his leggings on, is the portrait of Mr. G. B. Studd, who also is of | Eton and Trinity (Cambridge) repute. This player is a very pretty bat, a smart field and neat throwcr-in ; in fact his style may be classed throughout as cleau and finished. For the University, ho averaged 46*1 runs for 14 in nings. He also playod for Middlesex with advantage to the county. In tho fore part of the picture on the left is Mr. A. G. Steel, wearing the I Zingari club cap. | This player, though a perfect master with the , bat, and decidedly good anywhere in tho field, is the pick of tho team in bowling, I as indcod he would be in almost any eleven in England, being considered only second j to Pcato, tho professional, while he cxccis all amateurs in this line. Ho is from Marlborough I and Trinity Hall (Cambridge). In 582*1 overs lie bowled 226 maidens, and took 48 wickots. His services arc also, when in England, at the ; disposal of county of Lancashire. Standing with his hands behind his back, ' wearing his Oxford colors, and furthest on the ? left, is placed Mr. C. F. H. Leslie, who began his 1 wait on three hours in a receiving room together , wilh a heterogeneous mass of sickly but awfully j high-born babies anil invalids, then to be ! ushered in by a ponderous llunky before tlii j grot man. Arrive 1 iu his presence he pro ceeds lo business at once wilh a familiar jerk i of your chin, a hurried look at the tongue, j a soft spougy pressure of the wrist and a few ? questions about the ' inenls' followed by an i abstracted gaze iuto the air, evidently intende 1 j to convey an i lea of deep thought, but which j inworinMu r»rv?c in n enrf- nf ranging ihrough black draughts, poultices, sul phur bailis, trips on the Mediterranean, and | long sea voyages, after which lie takes your money an 1 you walk your chalks with a press- : invitation ' lo come again, soon,' ringing in [ your ears. It seems that this last odvice was particularly urged by Sir Mangus, for our delicate friend. | And, as a voyage out to and a stay in Australia 1 was recommended, out he cauic, and three . years ago anyone to see his robust appearance ' on arrival, would havo thought the healthre storing objcct had been obtained by the voyage alone. But me, gentle reader, (F suppose you're not . over savage) may, by time-honored custom, be permitted to peep behind the scenes, and a short glance will discover that our charming Claude camc out, not so much consulting his ; own wishes, or health, but rather the good of his couutry as it is called; for, at one time, j commou sense, before it was too late, had 6aid J lo him, ' You have boon put iuto a jwaition of ! trust, aud have beeu fouad wanting, very i much so, ' At least, so your book show, to the i tune of 6on)C six bundled pounds, you ba-1 I better ? git,' or else stay and await a cheap, but | not over brilliant, mode of transportation,' and j so he ' pt.' I Personally, Claude was a most charming fel- . low, with very pleasing manner; take for | instance his shake of the hand, he had a way j of rushing to meet you and then almost at the , point of grasping your hand he would draw | bimfclf up in a manner that plainly said '1 ! must calm my feelings on this happy occasion, , bat the effort is great ' ; then lie would seize ! your hand with a faint grip— not too cold, you | know, yet without the slightest taint of gush, j and oh 1 with such a warm welcoming smile | pervading his face. His dancing was perfect, j be could sing and p'ay beautifully, and bis con versation was lit up with choicc quotations from foreign languages, which no one but him self could understand. Ho lived mostly on his prospects, the vas'nesf of which was hinted at by an ever and constant displ »y {of cheque book the butt end of which hung from his coat ? and as he was an old hand at the game he managed with an occassional remittance bullied i out of his unfortunate mother at home, to scrape ; through life. Besides he set himself up as a i landscape painter for which he had quite a passion, (be was a high-souled one untainted j with cither taste or talent). Thus it was that scarcely had he fixed himself at Baxter's hotel, andone bis portmanteau, and let it be known th\t he was a landscape painter, seeking to fill np bis idle time with art, open lo employment in sketching suburban residences and the like, when orders poured in upon him, and, in a word, be was at once ' Hail fellow well met ' with the best in the town ; the idol of the ladies aud the envy of aspiring males. And as we eoe him now, he had just received a request crickcting career at Rugby, and brought his skill in prominence atOricl College, Oxford. Ho may bo described as a batsman with able defence, and great punishing powers ; a fine field and thrower froui long leg. He averaged for his Uni versity 51*2 runs for 11 innings. His batting is his chief point, and he is one of the best iu tho Middlesex team. To tho left of Mr. C. T. Studd stands Mr. G-. F. Vernon, of early Rugby notoriety, and lat terly one of the most effective bats in the Middlesex team. He hits with vigour, and scorcs very fast. In fielding he is smart at catching, and is in every way a serviceable man. For his county in 1881, lie averaged 22*9 runs for 14 innings. Next to Ivo Bligh sits another Oxford man, as his coat and cap betokens. This arch wiekct-keep, Mr. E. F. S. Tylccotc, needs no words to remind students of the biographies of players of his brisk and plucky performances behind the wicket. In batting he is good, and can look well after his wickets. He and C. T. Studd were tho only two who scorod centuries against tho Australian eleven in England. Tylccote was educated at Clifton and Oxford, and now plays for Kent by residence. His average last yoar for 5 innings (Kent only) was I 35.1. Tylecotc can bowl a very good change. ' from a Mr. A.aron Jacobs, one of the great gun s in the town, to comc ovor and take a sketch of the a'U Park. JIc ha I just thrown away his cigar, and was rising w'len he was addressed '? Pardon mc, RIr. Bellairc, 1 believe ?*' not I receiving any contradiction to this supposit'oa the stranger continued, 'I must introluce-l myself. Mr. Aaron Jacobs, sir, at your service; j you have, I hope, receive 1 my uotc expressing i a hope that you would fiud linn to give I us a visit, and take a sketch of my 'ousc aui f grounds.' j ' It was my intention,' said Bellairc, ' lo go ovor to-morrow and sec you, and, if possible, j begin on the work at once,' i u Oh, that will suit remarkably well; you j must take pot luck with us, such as an old m:in j and his daughter living in a humpy can be cxpectcd to give ; you cau take it rougb, I dare say.' ?'As to th^t,' said Bellairc, 'judging froiu report, visitors at the Hill have little to com plain of as to th'.'ir treatment.' 44 Well, we plriil cspeet you to-morrow for dinner at 8 sh irp ; it's ouly two miles along the coast rotd, but if you like 1 will send in the hujrsy for you.' ' Oh ! no, thanks. I could not think of put ting you to so much trouble, besides I love I walks by the sad salt water.' j And with this they parted. Claude gently ; smiling to himself as ho walked away. j The Hall was, as its name might indicate, not I quite the destitute habitation that its humble- I minded owner had depicted. Here from yeara end to years end rpsided Mr. Aaron Jacobs and , his fair daughter ; oxccpt indeed for an occa sional trip to Iho South for a change ; when, it must be noticed, Mr. Jacobs always avoided the scones of his earlier life in Syducy. For, though Mr. A. Jacobs was now very much surrounded with the dignities that sur- i round a successful career, being as he was, a j magistrate of the territory and twice Mayor of i B-ampton, yet report— mischief m iking dame i that 6hc ever is — !md sai I that there tv*s a time when be styled himself a 44 confidential finan cier' and indeed that 8'jlfs:ime report went further and added that he once occupie 1 an in significcnt house in an equally insignificant street in Sydney, from which abo le there hung three most sygnificant bills, gilded, and at an angle that left the lonely orphan and friendless oaes no doubt that within dwell one who was ever ready to fill the post of a confiding rela tive. Knowing this the reader might be ex pected to guess that the pawnbroki ng line wa« not altogether ''unknown' to thi worthy Aaron. But let us bury the past. At the time wc speik of, things wisre difljrcut, rayther so, bis open haudc I generosity was the talk of the place. What hospital, club, charity, mission, or an}' good work that published a subscription list, but had the name of Aaron Jacobs figuring at its head with a goo 1 round sum ? With till this — for having done so oncc may wc not ag iin lift the curtain aud look behind the sccucs— ? there was a back-door hard .hearted ncss that would kick the hungry, unappcased, from the house, and with the hand that bad but just roughly closed the door on the needy he would unhesitatingly fork out a round dollar iu aid of the 'Charitable Institution for providing Su perannuated CSovern -sses with warm Under clothing for the Winter,' or the like, Bcll.iirc | had resided under Mr. Jacob's roof but a few I days when he mauc it understood to hist hojt Mr. W. W. Head, in the picturc, eits next to Mr. Leslie. This gentleman plays for Surrey, for which county eleven he is assistant secretary . He is a very fine bat, his play being st raight and his hits clean, though his action is not always graceful. He cau bowl lobs- which arc found cffectivc on certain stickers. His average for 26 innings is 31*22, while in one innings lie put together 100 runs against a couuty team. First, and fittingly so, among the professionals of the team let us mention R. G. Barlow, ono of England's veteran all round players. A good and safe bat, gifted with extraordinary patience and talent for measuring the bowling. A fino medium pace left-handed bowler ; an excellent point. He was one of Shaw's Australian team in 18S1. For 22 innings he averaged 26'19 runs, his greatest total that year in a match being 10l-. His bowling uvorngo is also good, being 403*1 overs, 256 maidens, 071 runs, und G3 wickets, being un average of 9*4 runs for each wicket. W. Barnes, the safe and cITcctivo batsman, good field und troublosomo opponent and useful I friond pretty well all round is to be seen in the ' far right of tho picture with his hand resting on his kneo. Xhis eminent player was eagerly sccurcd to rcproscnt his couutry against Amcrica in 1879 and in tho former visit of the Aus that, far from cxpccting any return for his | painting, a work of ait that w.is procicding but at a very slow rate, he consi lcrcd it more than an equivalent to bs til's guest of such a man and his daughter, an I before long a course of drawing lessous wis b^gun for the lait'r, which bid fair to make his stay atrctch f.ir beyond the time intended. Byc-and-bye IJel laire began to s'.rjw a violent attachment for Mis? Julia, and as he had tnk n no small trouble to give hints that his exp;ctations were great, though the precise sum was n iver men tioncl, it thus left only a vague idei of the magnificent to be githcred. So th-j fither rather encouraged this state of things than otherwise, and even when at times our delicate friend founl it necessary to apply for a loan of a 4- poncy' or two until letters from ho.n^, etc. Why, old Jacobs came up to the scratch like a brick. 'For,' sii 1 ho to himself, ' if he do'!S fe d the want of money now and thcu, want of that? If ihe oil lady, his mother, do-.^s pull the strings a little tight at times, all will turn up right in the en I when the gou i la ly's, mu:h to be lamented oT course, death does occur why, must be coming in for, how much w is it he said ? Well I really forget, but it must be something prodigious.' an 1 th'jn he would tuusc o i ' tlic dear girl will t ike me home to dwell in ohanb-'rs at the anecstral castle an 1 I shall be suiTJundel with gran {children whose aristocratic parentage will eas' quite a patrivian air over m \ and s aeh a pedigree loo.' H twjvcr this ini^ht I c i ue. and luc borrow ing wont on, and sis for the latier sotn : lar/e sums aud sojic small until the loan increased to a pretty considerable sum and as time advanced still further repeated calls for fresh supplies combined with an evident fondness for gamb ling and a rather too unuustakcablc farsight at whist caused it to be noticeable that our friend, some how, didn't scorn to be quite so inuch in the esteemed regard of the quondam 'financier,' as formerly. Iu vain an extra display of cheque book, in vain the courtly smile, the doubts of the old gontloman, und sad to relate of those ' demnod' tradosmcn look an unfortunate turn for the invalid. Else why an ulster coit in the middle of the day unless it was that his nether garments lacked superannuation merely for the want of a successor. And so it was that one morning as Bellairc was about to leave his room a id saunt'.T, as usual. coinToriably to bieakfast he had a no'c j pnt into his hand informing hiui that as the | picture was finished and visitors were expected j shortly, Mr. Jacobs hoped he would vacate his j room for s-me o'hers outside, of the 1* irk j grounds ; the epistle finished up cxpres-ing a ' wish, sh iped perhaps in rather a peremptory tone, that all presents and letters reedved from his daugh'cr, should be returned ; though no mcn'ion was. made th it P.ellaire should hi the recipient of lii.s in like pibition- Mr. Aaron Jacobs felt perhaps toat as he ha I p tid for both, he might as welt save all he could from the wrcck. And what said the fallen one? Cdm and unmovel he demanded and obtained an audicncc from his late host, 44 Sir,' he began,' ''You little guess the mounds of affiiciion under which, apart f*om the insults lately received from you, I am too utterly crushed. I am far too full of o.bcr t'ials to speak of the smaller matter Ih-it lie between curselvce. I shall leave you aud all Iralians io tho old country was decidedly all there. Barnes average for 5 innings for his county Nott's uvcragcd 27*3 runs in 1881. Both his .batting and bowling sincc then havo much improved. Barnes and Maurice ltcad by their magnificent batting in the match Pluyera v. Australians this year were wholly responsible for the defeat of tho Australians ; tho most crushing defeat the colonials experienced during their tour. W. Bates is one of tho loading Yorkshire professionals, aged 27 years, height, 5ft. lOin. He visited Australia with Shaw's team last yoar, and proved one of the finest bats in that redoubtable team, scoring heavily against tho best Australian bowling. Lillywbitc describes him as ono of tho very best slow round-arm bowler3 of|tho day. For Yorkshire, his country, in 1881, Butcs played 25 innings, and averaged 22 runs per inning*, his best innings being 108 runs. Frederick Morloy, fourth and last profes bioual, 32 years of age, is one of the crack bowlers of the old country. JliB unerring left arm has swept destruction in many a big mn'cb. Lillywhite wri'es tint Morley is without n superior as a f ..st bowler. A left-handed ba's mnn, and iu that respect his play is very like Ibat of our local Lord Harris. iu this town shortly, but shall not do so before first of all fully sitisfying you.' And with faltering steps and one hand over his brow to conceal hiseuntion, the stricken one left the house muttering, amidst ill-suppressed sobs, h ?art-rending adieux to Ju-Jul-Juli i. Billairc lull recuse 1 letters from the old country, b it not of su-.di a distressing nature as his injliucholy actions would juipl.v; iu f-ict ra'lior the rcv.rie ; f- r by every means from abject begging io bulhing, he had managed to extract from bis mother a sullhient sum of nn lev lo enable hi n (unusual pass as it was wilh him, but still as it silked his purpose) to return the suns he had b irrowcd fromold Jacob's and of coursi vwy much tilled thitgenilc min'smind wi'h nsto'ds'inicnt, as he received a cheque th it s;im - morning ; and moreover, it hardly serve 1 to lcssm his won lor that the cheque was rea lily c isho 1 at th ? bank. For the second tinu tor uiiny weeks, Mr. Jacobs and his daughter sit at bn akfast alone. It was S iturday, and the father wa* taking a thorough real of the Hampton MWklj/ Scivcn ffcr, whil; his daughter peifonn 'A her rued by i lly nibbling toist, taking in coll-e and Usen ingtoany stny news tint her fither mi;ht from time to tim* give her ashar.tof. S io wis just iu the act of fi idling a delicate morsel be tween her lips when, compellc I by a shout that came from her father, followed by a soft whistle from him that ran u;- t'ic sea1', note by note until it roached a height that caused tin old gentlcin m's face to look like a football, she ina Ivertantly lot it fall on bcr plate. 'Gool He umus, father?' s'.e exeliim :d, ' Nothing wrong iu the share is there 'No, dear,' but. wnoM li,a\e «h)uglit it, Claude's mother is dead, .and here is the account of the sad occurr.juco iu tin; ' death's' column, I'll read it you.' On tii3 1st of A -ril at S o ievbangtnn House, Thame, Englan I, Uarbar.i, relic of the late 0. Bellaire, uf bronchi is, ag'd GS. Fjiends please accept thi* intim I'.iou R I, P. Oh, how sweco that she at las', Finds refuge from life's stormy bhut, ? Her sorrows buried in the past. Anic , 'Julia,' he continue 1, dropping his paper, wc must do something in this matter, la! ways said the young in ui w»s g - id at b ittoiu, md I have b;cu regretting ever since the harsh m u surcs wc took witn him; cannot,' I12 ad led, with a In licrous imitation of the woeful, 'your heart dictate s-ra Jibing that eta be done by us to makj atouem-jnt for ou ? past want -if feeling.' ' O'l, Claud-*, Claude,' moaned t'ie now weeping Julia, ' how cau I ho(-e, iu your pre sent state of bitter affliction, t- receive one thought of forgiven ?ss.' 44 Have a shot anyhow,', said the fa'her; ''write a b :eoniing note, siying how dj^ply you feci for him, and ho.v fully I join iu wita you. TeU liirn, if he can forg it the pv«t.. th ? H dl will still be as opun as ever to him. Tncrc ' he added, 'dry tbosi cro:o iile tears for a f.iture time when they will be of more Birvice. You and I fully understanl each otlcr. and time, my dear, may slip by with its chance-', so sit down at once uai fire away to him about snapped heartstrings and wells of love, a id all that sort of t.iing.' Late that same morning at his hole!, Claude Bellairc was sitting over the remains of toe ro s t- that partook more of the nature of aa early lunch than a breakfast, when the door opened, arid the landlord obsequiously handed him a pink note, saying, From the Hall, sir,' and retired. A p-rusal of the envelope before opening it, caused a me niog smile to come owr Bellaire's face, which bye-nnd-byc i changed into a roar of laughter as l»c read tho epistle, which ran thus : — Dearest Claude,— We have jast read the dis tressing news of your mother's death ; both father and I were deeply touehed at the tcr liblc blow that Heaven has thougt fit to visit you with. Your mai tyrlike forbearance, under thcciroumstanccswliich wein such a ludc — nay brutal m inner, placed you, is the only hope wc have (for father fully joins io with me) that you will forgive and forgei;and should you wish for quiet retirement to get over the first agony of desolation, then come to usns of yore, \cs, come and lift the burden of reproach that every moment of your absence trebly intensi fies ; a proof of which sorrow you can obtain bv the sight of Your distracted Julia.' l'»S.— ? How truly noble was the poetical tri bute o*id by you to your mother's memory, leather roams the bouse repeating it o'er and o'er ; I can hear him now in the balh-room, he's got to ' slormy blast.' Two days was sufficient for Claude to recover from his bereavement and leaving his couch of tears he sallied forth towards tho Jacobcan domain. Interostingly craped and with a suf ficiency of black garments lo last him t hrough a succession of sad events— but nlas that were impossible, poor Claude was now an oruhan boy— he oncc more pulled tho hall belf and simultaneously fell into the arms of Julia and her symyathctic parent. Silently Ihcy led him into a room; silently they all three squatted down on a sofa, nor was the quiet, of mingled feelings broken for some time, savo by an occa sional heart- rung sob. There they saf, Claude in the centre with one hand clasped in those of his Julie, while the other roamed forgivingly over the bnld pate and grev hairs of tho repen tant father. It would he linrd to say how Ion' this state of things would havo lasted' or to what pitch of lender commiseration their feelings would have brought them to, when dinner blessed reliever of many an awkward position was announced, and the Ihree partook of a ineal which, to pay the least, seemed hardly in keep ing with the usual appetitos of those whose feel ings arc overcome by anguish. Short n? it took our friend to find his way to tho hall, shorter still was the time that ho took to settle down into the old state. Finally, it was fully announced lliut, some time elapsing, the marriage of Claude Neville Bcllairo with Miei Julia Aaron should take piano; though somewhat hurriedly for the Bampton 'Mrs. Grundy,' who considered that Bellairc should rest for a while on his funereal wreaths. But beforo theccremony, arrangements had to bo made, niurmgo settlements and all that sort of thing. Mr. Jacobs himself came down with the 'ready' very handsome; while Bellaire, on the strength of his future blissful state, managed to borrow from an aceomo.odnt.ing gentleman down south enough to carry him through ; while another gentleman, an old Irieiid, managed to obtain for him documents of the most, ancient character, from lawyers and others, concerning his vast estates in England. Amongst tho lawyer letters were somo entreat ing him lo come home and cec afUT his pro perty, and a petition from hi.s tenants who promised him every welcome if lie would oomo among them once more ; all of which woro so ingeniously planned that doulits on the purL of Mr. Jacobs as to the safe position of hid future Mjii-in-law were set on one bide. The happy event, ejime ofT— But here our story eoinnionecs its sad end, for Claude, with a view of getting everything ready in the old country to receive his bride, as »oon as the honeunooii was over, obligingly packed all his wife's aud fat.herm law'a things and took them with him ho up, ho had said, to save all the fun; and hut her of too tnuoh luggage when they were coming with him; and he also took a heavj order from M r. Jacobs to huy a quiet little snuggery near the dwelling of hii children, that the old gentleman might dwell in poaoe surrounded by those he lovcd.° ^ lev, he left for Knglund to arrange things for his wife's reception, and, what is more, has never been heard of since. That he reached the home of hi.s ancestors is not. even certain ; for it. was known that having a severe attack of some! hing or other (the old complaint, perhaps) lie left the steamer at one of the |-orts of call. The only conclusion is that, again searching for air to restore his shattered constitution, ho must havo visited and eventually died on ono of thoso tropical islands where tho natives bury the dead and their portable property to gether. Evidently the unhappy father-in-law look some such view of the case as this, for he hohas since been heard to use certain cmphntic language cxprcssivo of his wishes as to the f uturo abodo of his son-in-law, and judging from t he healed tenor of the words, if these wishes were carried out the objcct of them would dwell man even lemperatureof not less thanMOFahr., though unfortunately without the opportunity of gett ing away for change of air. Mrs. Claude Bellairc now calls herself a widow, lmt it re mains lo he seen whether the ghost of the ' lalo lamented' may not, on tho death of her father, haunt her in bodily shape oncc more if only on a visit for change of air. 