IMPOTTNDINGS. (From tho Gocernmcnt QazeiU.) IPSWICH. — From the park. Driving. 4d. : • damages, 2s. Gd.Strawberry cow, Jike WS6 off rump-^whito bull calf at foot, unbranded. Also, from-. Ono-inile Bridge. Damages, 2s. 6d.:—Yellow and white steer, like F9R oil loin. To be sold on the 23th: July.—M. Fitzgerald, Poundkeeper. • ' CLERMON T.—From Craven, on tho 18th Jane, by : order of B. E. Davidson. Driving, 103. 4d,:—Bay gelding, star and snip, hind feet whito, white patch on wither and back, collar-marked, like FA over 6 near shoulder, like P3Z on off shoulder (the Z high > np, out of line, and indistinct). To be sold on the 28th July. C. ArrLUTOX, Poundkeeper. ESK.—From Colintou, on the 4th Jnly, by order of W. G. Whito. Driving, 4s. Gd. per head; damages, 2s. Gd. per headBay horse, like Z SI near shoulder; ' bay horse, white face, like blotch M6 near shoulder; brown mare, like COC over like J2T near shoulder; black horse, like 3HN near shoulder; grey colt, like blotch near shoulder. To he sold on the 28th July. —D. B. MThersox, Poundkeeper. GAYlfDAH.—From Ideraway, by order of J. J, Cadell. Driving, 2s.;—Buy horse, 0 over 21 near , shoulder, O near thigh, hind foot whito. Also, from . Boobijan, by order or L. Pyoo ; driving, 5sBrown r horse, A near shoulder, star. To bo sold on the 25th • July.—James Mortlemax, Poundkeeper. . . TOOWOOMBA.—From enclosed lands. Spring Creek, on the 3rd July, by Mr. John Finnio. Dam a-'' ges and driving, 2a. Gd.;—Chosnut horse, HO over W near shoulder, star and snip, sore back, off fore and : hind foot white. To be sola on the 1st August. H.. Llotd, Pouudtteeper. LEYBURN.—From the enclosed lauds of Felton, on the 22nd Jane, by order of James Tyson (corrected . brands);—Bay horse, like Mnr near shoulder over blotch brand, blaze, hind feet white; bar filly, like NB5 off shoulder. To be sold on thel8th Jaly.-»jAs;* Lewis, Poundkeeper. GAT.YDAH.—From Degilbo, by order of G. Hooper; driving, 5s. 6d. Bay horse, DJ near , shoulder, collar-marked, oil hind foot white, star; bay mare, PSB (registered brand) near thigh, 7K0 (registered brand) off thigh. To be sold on the 8th ; August.—Jamss Mortlemax, Poundkeeper. MITCHELL.—From Forest Vale, on the 6th day of July, by order of Messrs. Elliot, Lothbridgo, and Elliot. Driving, 8s. 4<1\. each:—Bay gelding, RI)3 (registered brand) near thigh; cbesnufc gelding, run mug star ond snip down face, C over F off shoulder, , S over K (the K reversed) near shoulder, WIT (re. gistered brand) near thigh. To be sold on the 1st August. W. Barox Lethbridqe, Poundkeeper. Sale of Huns.—A supplement to the Gazette contains particulars of sale of runs at Martin's Auction Booms, Brisbane, on August 16. Revision Coubt.—The court for the quarterly revision of the electoral lists aud the registra tion of names for the division of Oxley was con cluded at the Police Court ou Saturday before Messrs. A. Radcliffe and 11. Lnoock, JJ.P, Sight new names were entered on the register. Tub "Wood Insduancb Case—The Supreme Court (says the S. A. Register) has reversed the verdict given in the oaso Wood v. the National Mutual Life Association of Austra lasia, Limited, and the insurance money which ' the man, Ernest Neville, endeavoured to secure to his creditors by the strange device of com* mitting suicido, will not be paid by the associa tion after all. It will perhaps startlo some people to learn that tho Supreme Court posses ses the power to reverse the verdict of a jury upon a question of fact, as it has done in this case. One of the chief nmttors to he decided was with regard to tho iusanity of tho insured, a pointwbiohtho Attorney- Qeneraloontended was amply proved by bis having professed & belief in spiritism, indulged iu tho practioo of drawing strange pictures undor tho influence of somo hallucination, and nseertod that he had seen a ghost. The jury had found that the ovldonco proved Neville to bo insane, and tho judge had , therefore directed a vcrdiot for tho plaintiff j who sued for tho amouut of tho policy. His Honour tho Chief Justico said, in referenoo to tho action which tho court is now tAkiog, that it appeared to him that it y/hb not overriding the Supremo Quart Act, inasmuch an tho pro i coediug was e motioned by tho rules of court, ! and thuso rulos, according to tlio Act of 1878, nro entitled to havo tho force of law because thoy havo beou laid on tho tablo ofboth Houses of the Legislature, aud havo not boon dis allowed by thom." 