HAMILTON ASSIZE COURT- Saturday, 25th February (Before His Honor Mr. Justice Williams.) Civil, jurisdiction. JWJJonald r. Svgha (administratrix.) — Mr. Molesworth. instructed by Messrs. Macgregor, Ramsay, and Brahe, for plaintiff ; lie. Madden aud Mr. Frank Gavan Duffy, instructed by Messrs. Duffy and Wilkinson, for defendant The jury was struck as under, viz., Messra. James Ferrier (foreman), C. Walker, A. Cone, J. F. Jones. W. Scarbnck. and C TavW Tlje hearing of this ease was resumed, the opening address of Mr. Molesworth, already re ported, being the only portion ql tile rate heard on Friday. Mrs, M'Donald, wife of plaintiff, deposed that tiie late Mrs. Cameron bad told her on witness' firat visit to her boose, that in consequence of a quarrel with her relations she had no one to rely npon to conduct her affairs, and would like her (witness') husband to assist her. A telecram was accordingly despatched to Mr. M'Donald at Glen Roy, and in obedience to it he saw Mrs. Cameron at Portland. At that interview Mrs. Cameron had stated that toe estate was worth £100,000, that half the commission was to come to ifer audit would be given to tbe plaintiff. At a future 'interview tee deqeasqd stated that that amount would not be a'sOfflaeut recompense for all his trouble, and she would give him in addi tion, two or three thousand pounds. After some demur plaintiff accepted the offer, and after transacting some business in connection with the estate he returned to Glen Roy. Another telegram dated the 7th June, was sent to Mr M'Donald by Mrs. Cameron's direction, worded Return, at once, if you can, all welL" This as the deceased wai greatly troubted abmjt eom letters . which nettled attention. Plaintiff in obedlenee thereto Irnd to vrsit Hilgay station, Casterton, fcc. In December 1879, saw a document which was an authority signed by Mrs. Cameron empowering tee husbanq of witness to manage her affairs; dement inelealrtpom at Oross-Esamiued by Dr, Madden ; Whenever M Donald went away be waa in the habit of giving up this authority to Mrs. Cameron. Wit ness saw Mrs. Cameron put the paper into tee drawer in her bedroom, and tee seldom went in or out of tee bedroom without witness accom panying her. After witness last -saw tire authority Mr. M'Donald did numbers of things connected with Mrs. Cameron's business. -Was aware that the document was in her husband's firat document's to Hie following hAm .ir McDonald wept ; -three times to Melbourne on MfS| StlBSFortJJWnessj sqto Qeelong, Port- lani enf oteey risgss. Jqsteaof MTDBrndd mmmdoating dir«tti.Sdl,! « the: casB. might .JMH tee couhT not de left . alone away., Ohequefor£« pro. morning writing letters, hecause Mrs. (hnenm was too nervous to go to bed. M Donald wrote many letters to Mrs. Cameron on bustness, all of which were left at Oakbank. There were one or two of these tetters every week- Heard Mrs. Cameron tell Mr. Buoldand, the Geelong eolici- tor at Oakbank thatMr. M'Donald was a very Valuable friend, and tee wished him to oontmoe the whole management of her business. Ee-cross-examinedbyDr. Madden: Was swaer that Mrs. Cameron was wealthy. Knew there was a quarrel between the late Mr. Cameron and his wife's relations, and that tire. Cameron shared in this antipathy to the said relations. M'Donald. the husband of witness, was first cousin to Cameron. Mrs. Hensley was sister to witness, and theHensleys advised Mra.Camerob to employ Mr, Buckland and get nd of BIr. "WRmott. her former solicitor. Mtb. CSsmeron V?i8 so driic&te; and . nervous that she woukl not go outside without somebody to support her, and she could not Bend a telegram hersrif. IPPhail was 7>t>riagirig both stations before hit. Cameron's death. Angus Cameron was after wards appointed by the executors to be manager of Oakbank. M'Donald bad to superintend both, and his instructions were conveyed to them. Did not actually see or hear her husband give instructions to M'Phail, but was aware that he often did, as Mrs. Cameron told witness so. Was not" aware whether M'Donald ever kept oopjpjt of the business letters he wrote. He got a reply to every letter he wrote, but he would iumselz Do able to s&y; wnetoer qb mux nu.v these letters now. In a great number of cases, Mrs. Cameron did send replies. Witness sup posed her husband got the money for the cheques produced. , grmaiil M'Donald, the plaintiff, was then sworn. Resided at Glen Roy, South Australia 140 miles from Portland. The late Donald Cameron was first couBin to witness. In May, 1879, got a telegram asking witness to come down to Portland. Started the following day. His -wife had gone to Portland previously, having received the letter produced, inviting her to come. Found Mrs. Cameron at Mac's Hotel in Portland. On the day after Ms arrival Mrs. Cameron told witness her lonely' state, that she had been left a large fortune, but had no one to look after her interests ; that she had no intercourse with -her own relations, and could not communicate with them ; that she was beirnr continually asked by Mr. Shevill and' Mr. Wilinott to make a will, and leave them her executors ; that they ad vised her to leave the property for charitable purposes. Mrs. Cameron said it signified little to her what became of the property, as there would be enough to last her life-time, but after receiving a letter of condolence from the wife of witness, she Mid she found she was not desti tute of a Mend. Witness asked Mrs. Cameron who was her lawyer? She said Mr. Wilmott. Witness asked, "Would you like to continue him?" She said 'Ho, as he is too intimate with Mr. Shevill. ? Witness then mentioned the names of several lawyers in the district as well as that of Mr. Bnckland of Geelong, when she said Mr. Buckland would do very welL Wit ness saw Mr. Shevill in reference to the bank deposit receipts, Mrs. Cameron having told wit ness that Shevill had taken them. Went with Father M'N&b; to the bank to see that the re- oeipts were there. Witness had to leave to at tend to his own business, bat on the 7th June witness was again summoned by telegram to meet Mr. Cameron at. Portland. Came down, and Mrs. Cameron then told witness Shevill had been to see her about taking out letters of administration, and had given. Mr. Lindsay Clarice £175 to value the property without saying anything to her. Mrs. Cameron also complained that Shevill had sent a man up to parade about Oakbank to protect it, and bad raised MThail's salary without consulting her. She said she would certainly require witness to attend to her affairs, and at her request witness went to get a copy of tbe will from ShevilL Hot being able to see ShevQl, witness went to Mr. Lyne and got a copy of the will Next day, in pursuance of instructions Bom Mrs. Cameron, witness went to Geelong to eee Mr. Buckland. Before leaving, Mrs. Cameron gave a written authority for witness to manage her business. Whilst in Portland witness was destroying a number of letters, and this authority being written on black-edged paper like the letters, was inadvertently burnt with them. The document contained the words : — " I authorise my dearfriend, Ronald M'Donald, Esq., of Glen Roy, South Aastralia, to transact all business matters connected with my estate." She said she would handsomely remunerate witness for his trouble and pay all expenses. Ascertained from Shevill that the amount of the property would be about £100,000, aud tbe com mission on that at 5 per cent, would be £5000, of which sum she, Mrs. Cameron, would be entitled to one-half. She said witness should receive her half of the commission, and she would give him a.gre&t; deal more, as she would not place' him on the same level with SbevilL Witness then went to Melbourne on Mrs. Cameron's business, and returned to Portland. Next went to Oakbank to search for papers, but did not find any. After that retained to Port land and inspected several lots of land belong ing to the estate, to see who was in possession of them, or whether they required fencing. It was then that the authority to act for Mrs. Cameron was accidentally destroyed. Shortly aRerwanls Mrs. Cameron, at Oakbank, gave witness a second authority to act for her. Wit ness had the custody of it, except at times when he left it with other papers in charge of Mrs. Cameron. la February, 18S0, witness fave up this document to Mrs. Cameron, and id not see it afterwards. She took it with other papers into her bedroom. It bore the words " I authorise B. M'Donald, Esq., of Glen Roy, to transact all business matters con nectod urithiqy estate;" Showed this authority to Sir. Archer, manager of the Bank of Vic toria in Portland, at which bank the station accounts were kept. The authority was aleo seen by the trustees of the Portland Cemetery, who required to see it before allowing tbe body of the deceased Mr. Cameron to be removed or a monument to be erected over the grave. Made the following journeys on business for lire. C imeron Glen Roy to Portland, Port land to Oakbank and back twice, Portlaud to Melbourne, Portland to Hamilton, Coleraine, Casterton and Hilgay, Portland to Melbourne selecting a monument ; frequently went back wards and forwards between Portland „nd Oakbank, and, lastly, went a third time to Melbourne. Travelled sltogether 5000 miles on Mrs. Cameron's business. (His Honor : " Tbe glaim qujoquts to £1 per mile.") Was engaged nine months managing fqr Mrs. Cameron, during which time his own business suffered considerably. Amongst other things witness suggested to M'Phail It HOgay, lavements at a dam, at the woolshed, and to the fencing. Mrs. Cameron told witness that M'Phail would rather deal with her direct than through wit ness. Therefore she used to write to M'Phail. Mrs. Cameron, in presence of witness, told Angus Cameron, the overseer at Oakbank, to receree his instructions from witness. Amongst other land transactions for the benefit of Mrs. Cameron, witness went to Hamilton and arranged-witij Mr. B. Horwifc and Mr. Thirkell to pay £10 a fey ' pmt - fqr some tend occupied as sale-yards. Also let other allot- menta for her A man named Bell had a lawsuit with Mr. Cameroq about a 'deputed bmudaty, and witness finally arrange the litigation after considerable trouble. Witness arranged with Mr. Woods in PortW about tbe shipping of the wool from her stations, and made all the arrangements ahnnt /xsUns « ceivrng, lighterage, insurance, Ac. Witness sold in Portland a lot of hides and small lots that it was not considered advisable foteip to England. Corresponded with Mr; Abraham Scott; wool merohan of London, and produced press copies Also produced a number of other letters relating to Mrs. Cameron's business . «cervea'by_W There were between 200 and 309 lqttere written by witness find hit wife on Mrs. Cameron's business during the "nine" months engaged for lier. Made a memo, of eveiy journey and expense incurred. The total outtey for oash out of pocket was £94 10s. -8d. tisri given credit for £83 cash received on account of these expenses. Cross-examined by Dr. Madden— Came to Mrs- Cameron in May, 1879. It was in Decern: 5S-! ®LWt tee executors, having fulfilled then-fimfcfaOns, handed over ZL to Mrs. Cameron. Mrs. Cameron died injW, 1880. TYAA canbtnfa mSAt. 41.. L «, ' wrt McmTH Z W«15»U1 hlUb ne WAS TO £2,500 and great deal more." Mrs. rrt?on ®f„teer. times said she would give him £?,?qg, ffhUstocoationallj she oftpn said "he teould grt ££00l> or ££QQQ.- Tads' was Yb be given as remuneration until tee estate"; wound up. Never iu Mrs- Cameron's lifetime applied to her for any commission or for pay ment on aooount Witness was considerably overdrawn at his bank dnring the nine months he was acting for Mis. Cameron. If Mrs. Cameron had died the day after the promise made to him, wauld consider himself entitled ness manager for Mrs. Cameron. The coach teS OKoywasadsud Stated Mrs. Cameron to Melbourne to chonsea Bfre. Gstnenm £1 vpsa acting as exeoncor. and irltaus snnDossd Jta«i tuteorityto dealwith tee pre£2ty : delegated by-toe eLaltrii ' Witness did not reomve the rent of the premises ere<Ut of the estate. f???-,, O'd.not faiow why neither Mr." Bnbldand SQf Jpg Sfecwoid 'tof kslNeltbii " wb>b> iwnnolif to gfre bvideute. '- Believed tee iulre « SjfWtetisfciS&ESS;!1 to see whether the tend corresponded with u. descriptions in toe titles, whether ttew "Copied, and whether there were anv hrtti"1 onthem. It was by Mrs. Camerou'IS® wrtnessmadetoe inspection. Wouldltie swrer that witness gave positive inst.!; MlPhail about tejlam, the draftiuH the wool-shed at HOgnv. Amms td more of a bonndaiy rider than a nC" Oakbank. Witness gave Angus CamSSf-' structions about the fencing, also ,n » tee hides, sheepskins, and lold CfcyPag?l' of the letters written at Oakbank bv were left there because it was the prowTrf®® for them to be. Witness tit mi correspondence to Oakbank, inetediiw\\. of tetters he had directed £ ?pie5 Glen Roy. Mrs. Cameron did not replies to letters sent her bv wii but the wife of witness answered them Knew something about a difficulty concern;?' dishonored cheque for some skimTaa1 Suggested that rations should be got frnj u Woods, and that woolpacks should be oh?,; i there also, as they could be deUvered3dches??? than buying them in Coleraine. Mm. c bn?P usually drew a cheque for the wages of thfw."11 and M'Phail got the cheque changed. fS to get the copies of letters at Glen Rov altlS he heard at the last trial that it w,,. — important that they Bhouid be produced, w never in Airs. Cameron's hnnu 188\. Never told Angus Cameron witness S like to get Hilgay at a rental of £1200 a v£? Never told him witness was borrowing m from tee bank at high interest, and wontiiaJ to get £4000 from Mrs. Cameron at less intent Remembered Angus Cameron driving witnST the teat occasion he went to Oakbank Tji Angus that Mr. Buckland advised Mis. Canra to make a will, but that she would do notS unless driven into it, and unless sometWvrS done the property would go in an Imtla: direction to waere ner nusbaaa wished if Witness was referring to a Mie? Hayes who » staying al Oakbank, aud it was mentioned ttS she was a frightened creature. Witness that if somebody covered himself with a she? dragged a chain along the verandah,- S5 mattered something about Mrs. Camenmfalfn? iog her hudjand's wishes ; there would he aome, thingto be frightened at. Angus Caiueroa X not reply, " It would kill tbe woman." t£ several cheques producedfwere all received W Mrs. Cameron, and cashed by witness. Wito did not think he-got a£15 cheque (Dotprnw! but mentioned in the block of the chequs-bS as having been drawn in bis favor. ThecWff for £26 (prodnoed) was cashed by witoSfoL Mr. Cameron's own use. He had endoned that cheque because it was the practice in SmS Australia when receiving payment The hied of the cheque-book contains one entry midsted I for a cheque of £20, as pud to witness fat I travelling, but witness never got that cheque. He had given credit for every item received? Re-examined: On some occasions witness hti I lent Mrs. Cameron money for hoasdtold qk. Had given Mrs. Cameron credit for a sum of £3 beyond what he had been BTnYmi about It was not true that witness ceased to be on terms with Mrs. Cameron in March 1£80 u d received a letter from Miss Hayes on her behalf since that date, and shortly before Hq, j Cameron's death. Understood Mr. Shevill r. ceived £1050 commission on the estate. About August 18S0, after Mrs. Cameron's death witness instructed his solicitors, HeurLlr Gregor Ramsay and Brahe, to make a claim far the remuneration due to him. Remembered at the last trial when the judge said the evidence of those parties who had seen his authority fa act for Mrs. Cameron, should have been pro- I duced, that Dr. Madden then argued that m such authority was in existence. Edward ' Atkinson, Town Clerk of PortlM aud Secretary to the trustees of the Porfchnd Cemetery, produced the application, dsfag 25th November 1879, in reference to the 1 interment of the late Donald q, 1 December 17th saw a document anthoriso? Mr. M'Donald to manage the ousiness of Mrs. | Caxneron, which document had been enclosed to | witness by M'Donald with his application fe II permission to erect a monument. | James B. Woods, commission agent, At, Portland, proved that M'Donald arraogedtifa him as to the shipping of the wool from Oik- I bank. jj Cross-examined by Dr. Madden : "Witota | adopted the usual course of sending a copy of i the weights to Mr. M'Phail, tbe manager of tk j estate, and another copy to Hi. Cantata I Dr. Madden ad Iressed the jury, referring jl the plaintiff's case as a cock-and-bull sto$ | There wis nothing outside the evidence of I M'Donaldnnd bis wife to shew that any ama fl meut sncb as had been represented, had ben jl made. He called on the jury as business net jl to consider the probabilities of the era. | M'Donald from his demeanour in the boi vk 8 evidently a man well able to take care of him- i self, and was it likely be would be content wrth I so vague a definition of the remuneration he vu fl to receive, as the £2509, £3000. £4000, or £5063 J he had sworn to, and that too, when the wocuc fi for whom he claimed to beacting, was ins highly | nervous and helpless state, not expected to live fl for any length of time ? No person wouldpur- | chase a pig on so loose an arrangement, and ft a was not credible that a transaction invoking U thousands of pounds could take place without | anything more definite being known aboat it | than was represented by the plaintiff. Ifa it fl reasonable to suppose that if such a cosine! fl existed the only evidence of it> existence should I be in the first instance carelessly burned bj I M'Donald, and when a second authority ns 9 supplied, that it should have been given op? II 1 there had been 200 or 300 letters uritteo by fl M'Donald ou Mrs. Cameron's buon«, I was it not strange that not a toce fl of them was forthcoming now ? The I fact that the fonr witnesses who were «ud 1 to have been shown the authority of Ma I Cameron, had not been called, although the 1 judge of the last court had said th it such proof 1 was indispensable, was very significant Ml I Buckland was M'Douald's own solicitor ap- I pointed on his recommeud<\tion, and wliy was be j not called to speak- to th3 document which I M'Donald said he had shown to him? On the 1 face of it the bargain was absurd, for would tbe n jury believe that Mr. M'Donald might been- 'j gaged one day, and that if Mrs. Cameron died j tbe next day, he was to receive £5000? Hb I own testimony went to show that he was not a I the position of an agent entitled to a comos- I sion, foi he was in the habit of giving back to I Mrs. Cameron the authority to act, whenever j he was not using it. If he were an agent, this I authority was- his own property, and hevotid I keep it as the only basis of his claim. His gir- j ihg up this document every now aud then to I Mrs. Cameron broved that she was the pcopn I owner of the document M'Donald according I to his own showing, had a heavy overdraft attbe I bank, and yet he had neTer asked for his MO | mission or any payment on account, sua I nothing was heard of any claim I til long after the death of Mrs. Cameron. I For a business man these actions of Jh- I M'Donald were most extraordinary, and eKepj I as a business man he had not a leg to sumd I upon in putting forward his claim to this uuor- I jnous remuneration. The hypothesis of tti I Idaziied oorunsel u-as -that the M'Don-Jf- trartal I to ingratiate thete selves With Mrs. CanieroB.'in I the expectation that she would rememher then I in her will ; but, finding that the ladf ves t® I disposed to vn.lre a erill. had objected to sja"® I money on loan, and had refused to rent HhSJ I to M'Donald at a prioe below its value, waste's I terrified into doing what he wanted : ana when l at last all these expedients had failed this wet" I moos claim was made after her death, lte® I was no doubt that M'Donald had merell M® I acting as a friend, aud that Mrs. Cameron h» I liberally paid him £80 or £90 for the espeaHs incurred, besided giving his wife a watch costin, I £40 I Thomas Daniel Hughes examined hy ta- Duffy Qn'tbe day after Mrs. CdmerM idiea witness went to Oakbank and took pcsse®onffl I all the papers. No authority from Mrs- Ton to jjr. MrQonald as amongst' the I and tee only letters were the two how prodnew. Peter W. Shevill, merchant, Portland, « I executor, under Mr. Donald Cameron s I On or about toe Gtb June Ronald MToj'® I called on witness, saying he had I Cameron, who was anxious witness shown employ him as a valuator, in conjunction «t» I Mr. Stewart, of Lyne Station, to yalue the pre- I pfertite , it 'Oakbailk jtnd'i Hilgay. wtn® I demurred to this; as'M'Donald was a relstire « I the deceased, and witness desired to P " I indepehdent valuator. The same ermirg r: I fsterqed and said Mrs- Camej-on still pera?tn I whereupqii ffitiiess replied' -Let it he I Nothing came of u, however, for M'fwr« I never valued the pro|«rty. JIThad, I manager of Hilgay, was working under_ w 1 directions of witness. .In. 10l r. I M'Donald came aud asked if witness wouU I give permission to have the remains of J"- I Cameron removed, but witness reiured, f' I , dy Lad been buried in' too' spot where a ceased had desibed. ' The next visit was towaia> the 'end of December, 1S79, when he sp»ke I teont the matter of toe executors' co®,nfS I Witness referred him to Mr. Lyne, the sohciW | for the estate. The nett income of the t«« | stations for the year in which Mr. Cif"511 I died was £2069 4s Sd. , I Crifss fctiamined Ire Mr. ' Molesworth. - W I JSteUWt of rponqy oS deposit in the bank «. I 009.and witnoas arranged for nu ovetdrd of £1,500. ' Had'no't cUimed £2,500 for I an overdraft of £1,500 when there wis I oath deposjtei "%triess m»de himseli T«rW®" I ally reapoosihle for fee overdraft, because he | ooald oof; touch a pennyof thedeposit receipt® a I wantea cast to vJcrk 'the estate. The monef I was deposited hi different banks. TTitnessP" I £L050 commisrion.. fl . % Br. MMdeu.— The commission » « fl Qned by a dteree of Qdurt. Bertram Horwitz, e'omtniasion and lnsnrf"; tgent, Hainilt6n, reihembefed having an m'S' fl TOW witbyMr. MfDonald in January, I Witneas oocapied tome ralereards' upon I TOgrag te,MK Oirot8 estate. fl Wd he waa aqting in a friendly way for Mrs | OameVoa Jfod warteff B rent fixed for the ynrds | ffe ernd he would give witness the collecting &e; rents of Mrs. Oamerim's properties » HamUton, fl H Angus Cameron, overseer at Oakbank atatiou, H deposed to seeing McDonald, his wife, and H faniUv at Oakbank. Sirs. Cameron stayed some H considerable time there, and M'Donald sisited i)ie station seven or eight times. M'Phafl and H Mrs. Cameron directed witness in tbe perfqr- H mance of his duties. McDonald never gave H any directions whatever. Did not remember Mza. B Cameron telling witness to take his instructions from M'Donald. It might have been B M'Donald said he was acting as a friend to Mrs. H Cameron. Mrs. Cameron in presence of witness told M'Donald she hoped he was not neglecting H own business, and he replied " No, " that his 9 Son could manage it for him. M'Donald on one occasion said be was going to try and rent S Hilgav, and as the lust tenant paid £1300 a year H he thought that quite enough. Mrs. .Cameron fl consulted M'Phaii and witness about this matter, s. B the result was that Mrs. Cameron declined JH f j let it. M'Donald then said if he could get 9 \ phail removed from Hilgay it would be easy S fori him to get tbe station. Another time ! H M'Donald said he was going to borrow £4000 i B from Mrs. Cameron, as he was paying high interest to the bank. The last time M'Donald at Oakbank witness drove him. Witness H asked if he was going to succeed in getting the H money from Mrs. Cameron. He said "No, she j will do nothing unless she is frightened, and I don't know how it can be done unless you put 1 H a sheet over you and drag a chain along the ' H verandah, saying in a muttrring way that nnl««g glie carries out her husband's intentions some- H thing will happen.75 Witness said "It would kill tbe woman-" M'Donald replied "No fear, I will back you up." Witness reported thia matter to Mrs. Cameron, and M'Donald never H Came to the station again. Cross-examined by Air. Molesworth : To tbe H best of witness's knowledge M'Donald did not m come again after that. Witness was now in the employ of Mr. Hughes, at Oakbank. believe that last October he swore that he had do business communications with M'DonalA (Five letters were here produced.) Admitted m xbese letters were written by witness to jm M'Donald now that his memory was refreshed. jB Mi1. Hughes was the manager at Oakbank now, and_ witness was a sort of boundary rider. >iel M'Phail, sworn : TTas manager of Hilgay station. AI'Donnld never directed witness IB in the management of the station, and had H nothing to do with witness. \Yitness had put up drafting yards and other improvements, out H he himself nioke to Mrs. Cameron about them. S £2000 would not be an adequate rental for B Hilgay. H Cross-examined by Mr. Molesworth : M'Donald H visited Hilgay on July 6, 1679, saying he wanted H to sec the run. He spoke about the dam, and H told witness to put on all the improvements he H could. Mftness' salary was increased by £100 H by Mr. Slieviil anu Mrs. Cameron. H F. TT. Sbei-ill, recalled : In X879 Oakbank H was worked at a loss, so that tiie profits witness H had spoken of came chiefly from Hfigay. H Tbe Connsel on both sides again addressed H the jury. m His Honor in summing up called the atten- H tioa of the jury to the ruling of the Master of H the Kolls and other learned Judges, that in the H case of actions by a living person against the JM estate cf a deceased person, tiie jury must Jh satisfy themselves most clearly that the H of the plaintiff is a good one and supported by B the strictest proof, more particularly if no H has been made in the life time of the deceased He regretted that several little points and H collateral issues had been imported into the case which had nothing to do with the matter 9 in hand. If they believed defendant's view of H the case, it was that they did not deny that B M'Dooald had done some work, but that he .B had been paid for it ; and if he chose to go and 9 make himself useful to a wealthy relative in 9 the expectation that she wouldleavehimalegacy 9 which expectation was not fulfilled, why then he |9 would simply have made a bad speculation, and B would not be entitled to claim anything. The jH chief point to consider was whether B promise was made by Mrs. Cameron in her life- B time that if M'Donald conducted her affairs B she would handsomely remunerate him, 9 there any scrap of writing or other evidence 19 . coutirming the existence of suoh a promise, and jB v whiit were the probabilities of the case? His Honor then alluded to several circumstances de- B tailed in evidence, such as the great solicitude B m.inifested by everybody, that Mrs. Cameron B should make a will ; which seemed to show that 39 tbose who were always dreading that the H property would go to the Hughes family, had B certain expectations under a wilL It was 9 curious that there was no reference in any letter B from Sirs. Cameron or anybody else implying B that M'Donald was to be rewarded. M'Donald 9 assumed to be a business man in the manage 9 ment of large station properties, and it hardly 9 lay in his mouth to say that he did not have the fl alleged agreement with Mrs. Cameron put into 9B writing, because ho was not a business ni«ri Hit jn conduct in not keeping copies of letter , or pre- 9 sening documents wliich formed the sole basis |H of his claim, was very mibusiness-like. Assuming H 'iat the authority to act for Mm. Cameron had 9 been given, and that tbe words of it had been T correctly stated, " I authorise my dear friend, B Honald M'Donald, to transact everything in B connection with my business"— this did not B imply that be was employed ss a paid agent. The B document the plaintiff had been fighting so B strongly to prove, rather told against himthan 9 otherwise, for it used tbe words, " dear friend" |B instead of setting forth that M'Donald was to B be a "paid agent." This document was entirolv B ®eside the case, therefore, for it wouid have to 9 be fcnveD» "y matter whether M'Donald was actmg gra:uiumly as a friend, or in the caiiacity B or ilU aoeu® titled to a commission. It was B sigmlicant that M'Donald went to Sbevill to ask B his permission to remove Mr. Cameron's body, B reiusei it probable that B M Donald thereupon went to Mrs. Cameron and B from her an authority, sufficing to $atisfr the B emeter3r J' SiDd e'lvz for that special B purpose ouly . The visits of M'Donald to Mel- B boum«» Hamdton, and other places were B m keeping with the supposition that B 4)e Twiacnys ff a friena. It was important B JilthougU M Donald s business transactions B ceased m the mouth of Starch at the time of <B> las hist visit to Oakbank, yet that he made no fl\ claim whatever for payment for his services nptil <B some time after Mrs. Cameron was dead. If B tbe jury believed the evidence of Angus B t.uueroD. the plaintiff's case would probably be B couteit out of court, for according to that evi- B dunce M'Donald said Mrs. Cameron wonld do B n jthm» unless she was frightened into it His B Houor read over this portion of the evidence 9 and sad M'Donald was evidently expecting B under the will — that is to sayTmoking B bis reward in that direction. When asked B about the ghost story, M 'Donald did not deny it, B b.sLuted its application to another person, by B saying it referred to Miss feyes. Anpi B Cameron denied there was any reference to B find he went further, for he B answered that it would kill Mrs. Cameron, and B eventually told that lady all about M'Donald's 9 jirojiosal to bring the ghost on the ecene. The B f Angus Cameron's evidenoo seemed to B horoe out by the fact tiiat M'DonaM did not B sfee Mrg. Cameron any more after that. The B evidence M'Donald had to produce to show B l" fnendjy relations between himstif end B Cameron had ho t h&en; disturi Was' 'a B lener sent by MUe Hayes' as imanuentia'for B Cameron in reply to one feom' M'Donald. B more chilling production than tins from Miss 9 SlST'ii6 neX®r to tte effert thai B en Mis. Cameron desired Mr. M'Donald's B assistance she wonld let him know. If toe jurv B thought the promise had been made, they would B C jnsider how much toe plaintiff was entitled to. B Or if toey liked to give a verdict on toe second B count they wonld consider whether toe £83 ack- B nowledged by M'Donald to have been received -B 0111 hlrs. Cameron was sufficient to oover toe B expenses be had been put to, Or whetllfr his fall claim for £94 10s 8d foriexpenses' orit of pocket jB siiould be allowed. Or lastly, toey could return B h general verdict, and assess the' dsmskes wito- |B on reference to counts; ' about an hour's consultation tw diet for plaintiff, damages £700, H j "'' coucludej tne business of toe sessions, B 111(1 the Uuurt adjourned tine die. 