WARLIKE PREPARATIONS IN TONQUIN. Hostilities on an cxtensivo scale between the French and the Chinese ia the province of Tonquin are imminent.. The French Parliament has voted- nine million francs for an expedition to complete the subjugation of the country and establish a protectorate; while the Chinese Government ,i3 now dispatching an army of : 14^000' men with the object of enforcing the recognition of Chinese suzerain rights over the same place. Tho question in dispute is a tolerably simple ono, but to understand tlie exact relations of the various Governments involved it ia neces sary to review tho history of tho past few years in Tonquin. Thero is a tinge of romance in the story, which is well told by a writer in the November number of the Contemporary JRcvitw. It cannot exactly be paralleled by anything which has happened among European nations, but reminds the reader rather of the ^tories of adventure and daring which signalize the history of tho Spaniards in America. Tonquin is a province of Anam, tha kingdom which fringes tho eastern coast of tho Indo-Chinese Peninsula, and i3 a dependency of the great Chinese Empire. In tho southern part of the peninsula the French possess the rich and extensive colony of Saigon, which -was obtained by treaty in 1860 exactly in. the same manner as the French are now endeavouring to acquire possessions in. Madagascar. Tonquin ia troubled with a Beries of representatives of aa ancient dynasty, descended from Le, who once ruled over tho country. For several centuries before the extinction of this line of kings the real power was in the hands of 'regents,' who, however, became weakened and slighted in their turn. One of these deputy kings 'during the reign of Louis XVI., finding himself hard pressed by the Chinese, sought the assistance of the French, winch was gladly given, and which, in fact, led to the opening up of commercial relations with the natives. Meanwhile, however, tho power of both kings and regents having become practically extinct, Tonquin fell under the sway of tho Kings of Anam, who ruled at Hue, being only tributary to China. In 1859 serious difficulties arose in the southern portion of the Anam dominions, and the French having dis patched an expedition defeated tho Chinese army which was sent to defend it, and next year formed the country into a colony under a French Governor. For a time the foreigners were satisfied with the possession of Saigon. But the dis covery in 18G8 of a large stream, the Red River, flowing from tho rich metalli ferous district of Yunnan, in China, and; passing through Tonquin, immediately roused the spirit of commercial adven* ture. A traveller named Dupuis pro ceeded to Hongkong, and having purchase 1 two discarded British gunboats and several smaller craft, boldly Bailed to the mouth of the river, and, after some parleying, passed up the stream and disposed of his cargo. The Governor of Tonquin, although he did not forcibly oppose the progress of the foreigners, protested warmly, com plaini/ig that the French had broken-, a promise which they had made that they would prohibit any of their traders from joing into the interior beyond the Iimit3 of Saigon. On the next trip M. Dupuis/ Found his progress barred by chains thrown across the river, and bJ3 pro mising enterprise fell to the ground.. During the time of the Franco- Prussian - war and the subsequent troubles he tried in vain to indues the Government to take my interest in his projects. The nest adventurer on whom interest centred was a man named Francis Garnier, who had been one of tho exploring party, which disclosed the commercial value of the Red River, and who subsequently wrote a narrative of tho journey of dis covery. Strange a3 it may appear, this Frenchman ventured on tho attempt to subjugate a country having millions o£: inhabitants with a force of only 212 men' and nine guns ; and for a time he wa3 completely successful. Sailing to the port of Hanoi, he demanded per mission to ascend the river, and having issued several proclamations on his own authority and found that they produced no effect, he forthwith attacked; the citadel, carried it by storm, and oc cupied the city. Town after town sub mitted to him, and the armies of native soldiery fled before his handful of men as if they feared something supernatural about them, until at length the whole of the fertile delta oi' the river was in his hands. In a very short time, however, he had to deal with a class of soldiers whose bravery he had not reckoned upon. These were the 'Black Flags,' a host of wandering freelances who owed their existence to the many dissensions of the country, and had latterly been prac ticaHy in the pay of the King of Anam. Instead of awaiting the attack of the invader they marched to meet him. Gamier rashly exposed himself to danger, and in defending a town which was at tacked he slipped and fell at a critical moment. In an instant he was surrounded andstahhedto death, andhis head beingcut from his body sei --ed as a trophy to rouse the flagging spirits of the natives. M. Balny d'Avricourt, the successor of Gamier, met with no better fortune, for after a few ineffectual skirmishes he was likewise killed. Having trained possession of the chief town the French were still in an advan tageous position to dictate terms, even after the occurrence of these disaster. They exacted a treaty conceding not only the right of trading on the river, hut stipulating for large powers for French Consuls who were to he Btationed] in the various ports, and allowing the French officials to deal as they chose with foreigners of all other nationalities. The Government of Tonquin, after having recovered possession of Hanoi, took little pains to carry out the first pre visions of this Convention ; and as for the clause relating to foreigners, they were prevented by the indignant protests of foreign Governments from paying any at tention to such an extraordinary requisi tion. About two years ago a French expedition appeared at Hanoi, and exacted full retribution for the disregard of the treaty. The city was bombarded and taken by storm. The Viceroy and military Commandant killed themselves in despair of offering a resistance likely to be effectual, and the place became for a time a French dependency. Such was the position of affairs when the Marquis Tseng, the Chinese Ambassador at Paris, took the matter up and de manded the evacuation of Hanoi. After some delay the demand was complied with, but the general feeling among the French in Saigon is that that step was a mistake. Nothing short of a protectorate will satisfy them, and as the possession of Tonquin would leave the whole of Anam at their mercy by cutting it off from China, it is evident that what is aimed at is the acquisi tion of the whole country from Saigon to the Chinese boundary. It is not to be expected that the Pekin Government will allow this to take place without a struggle, and it is therefore probable that the French expedition will meet with a very hostile reception when it arrives at Tonquin. Fabeweh Demonstration to Sir W. F. D. Jeevois. — A meeting is to be held in the Mayor's Reception-room tliLi after noon of colonists desirous of co-operating in a farewell demonstration to the Governor, prior to his departure for New Zealand. It is both fitting and desirable that where, as in this case, the relations between Governor and people have been of the most satisfactory, and we might fairly say cordial, character, the severance of those relation ships- by the exigencies of the service should be marked by a distinctive demon stration. Loyal citizens will, of course, have an opportunity of attending the farewell levee ? of the Governor, and in that way testifying their esteem for Hi3 Excellency personally as well as in his official capacity as Her Majesty's representative. But a levee is of necessity formal in its character, and what is wanted is some occasion on which the loyalty and good feeling of the colonists, as well as the cordiality of their sentiments, towards Sir William Jervois may be permitted free and full expression. We do not know what suggestions it is intended to submit for 'consideration this after noon, but. we trust that whatever form the demonstration may assume it will be of such a nature as will admit of all sections of colonists taking part in it. We do not propose to write a panegyric upon Sir William Jervois, but it will be readily acknowledged by all that His Excellency, by the readiness he has shown to co- operate in every move ment having for its object the advance ment of the colony in any of its interests, has earned the gratitude of the public, and has laid South Australia under lading obligations to him. The r6le of Gover nor is not an easy one to fill ; and it may without exaggeration be said that the official and social duties pertain ing to the position have been admirably discharged by Sir William Jervois. Any public recognition of the severance of the relations which have existed between the Governor and South Australia, while not ignoring the strictly ofSci.il work of His Excellency, will of necessity derive its inspiration chiefly from the recollection of the liberal and discriminating manner in which Sir William Jervois has discharged the social obligations devolving upon him. Apart from the personal considerations which in the present instance will give a stimulus to the proceedings, there are one or two special reasons why a farewell demonstration is to be desired. By his official position a Governor is prevented from speaking too freely during his term of office upon questions of public policy. When he is resigning the reins of Government he is no longer hindered by that restriction, and it is an undoubted advantage that a keen and intelligent observer of public affairs, who has had exceptional facilities for getting at the real facts, and whose position is a guarantee that his con clusions are not warped by party interests, should have an oppor tunity of giving the public the benefit of his observations. A farewell assemblage' is a most suitable occasion for ? the purpose. The Queen's regulations ? very properly prohibit Governors from re ceiving valuable testimonials without ex press leave ; but we trust, whatever else may be decided upon, the precedent set on a former occasion may be followed in the case of Sir William Jervois. Colonists will beglad to havefortheArt Gallery, or for one of the public institutions, a portrait of the Governor, and it would be a graceful act to present a duplicate of the painting to His Excellency. Indeed, it is to be hoped that an effort will be made to Becure portraits of all the past Governors, as in years to come such a collection will have an historic value, and will serve to remind successive genera tions of the several link* in the chain which, formally binds the province by the presence of the Queen's representative to the throne of England. It would be hardly fair to forestall the de liberations of the meeting this afternoon, but we may venture to predict that, though there may bs a difference of opinion as to the precise form which the demonstration shall take, there will be a hearty and unanimous desire that it may be such as will admit of ample expression being given to the respect and esteem in which His Excellency is held by all classes of the community. -The Bijbsihg-- of-Kctgotown. — The- town of Kingstown, thecapital of Jamaica, the entire business portion of which has been destroyed by fire, contains about half as many inhabitants as Adelaide. Its situation is in some respects similar to the site on which this city is built, being a gentle slope or plain backed by the chain of the Blue Mountains, and leading up to some rising ground on which are built the villas and suburban residences of the tewn. Although mainly composed of brick, the houses are not in many quarters sufficiently protected against the spread of fire. The custom in building has always been to shade the lower part of the house with a broad verandah, while the upper story is pro tected by a kind of gallery. Where the shops and houses are contiguous to one another this arrangement i3 a very pleasant one for the foot passenger, who can walk for a Jong distance in the Kingstown streets without leav ing the shelter of a verandah. But it is obvious that the presence of connected woodwork in the front of all the edifices in a street must afford a very dangerous opportunity for the spread of a fire from one house to another. The total loss frhich has been incurred is stated at sis million dollars, or more than that of the ireat fire which has just taken place in London. The building3 destroyed in the jreat metropolis will scarcely be missed, but the entire destruction of the busi ness part of Kingstown will be a very serious blow to Jamaica — as serious in its way as was the loss of Chicago eleven years ago to the State of Illinois. The destruction of the latter city, which entailed a loss of $190,000,000, was dis tinctly proved to have been due to defects in the prevailing style of building, which rendered it almost £ertain that a large fire under favouring circumstances of wind and weather would spread to an unlimited extent. The destruction of Kingstown will probably be found to have been rendered possible by similar defects. Theatrical Amenities. — Christmas tide in Adelaide seems a disagreeable time among the dramatic profession. Last Christmas Miss Ada Ward and Mr. Allison were at loggerheads. This season Mr. Allison and his company, it would appear, have quarrelled. It is stated that the company having obtained counsel's advice propose to sue the lessee for breach of engagement. If it .turns out that no engagement ever existed no breach, of course, can be proved. Absurd as this may seem it is quite a possible con tingency. Actors and actresses have bills to pay and babies to feed like other people, but, unlike other people, they often neglect taking safe methods of fulfilling these natural obligations. In other words, they are satisfied with indefinite verbal promises or understandings. They will 'take the Ghost's word for a thousand pounds,' and fatuously neglect to obtain proper legal agreements. The manager of a theatre finds that incoming 'stars' prefer to bring their own people, or that the persons playing at his will pall on his public. [Naturally he may desire to make a change, and it is not surprising if he take3 advantage of the indefinite under standing before referred to to secure a change. Thus we find, for instance, Mr. Allison announcing 'Youth' for Christmas with Rignold and an entirely different company, and Mr. Flemming replying that the present company con sider themselves engaged to the end of January or the middle of February next. It will be seen that Mr. Flemming himself can fix no absolutely definite term for the engage ment. This is one of many similar cases which have occurred even during the past two yeara. It is said that so certain were some members of the present company of their continuance in Adelaide that they paid forfeit to avoid engagements else where. While members of the profession so circumstanced may be pitied, they may far more reasonably be blamed. The remedy is with themselves. Let actors and actresses throughout Australia agree that whatever the circumstances may be they will not act for any manager what ever unless holding that manager's duly witnessed signature to a legally binding agreement. That is all ; and with other persons that would form an invariable custom. It is only to call the attention of the profession to their culpabl j neglect of so important a precaution that we notice the piice de drconstanx now being presented, with Messrs. James Allison and Herbert Flemming as the principsl per formers. ^^^^^^^^^^^^ The Bishop of Adelaide.— One of the clergy has received a letter from Archdeacoa Farr, stating that Bishop Kennion and Mrs. Kennion will pay a visit to Six James Fer gusson at Bombay en route for South Aus tralia, and that, therefore, their arrival here will be delayed tOl the beginning of Fe bruary. The C031MISS10XER of Crown Lands.— The Chief Secretary has received a telegram from the Commissioner of Crown Lands stating that he has arranged with the Minister of Lands that rabbit parties should be placed on the Border immediately by the Victorian Government. He adds that lie is just starting for New South Wales to examine Waugh's excavator. CommescialMarineInsurance Compaq. —From the half-yearly report of this Com pany we gather that the income has amounted to £9,014, and the losses, paid and estimated, and expenditure to £8,623. The balance at the credit of the profit and less account amounts to £2,864, which the Directors pro pose to carry forward. The balance-sheet shows amongst the liabilities that unadjusted losses and sundry creditora amount to £3,277, and on the asset side appears loans on mort gage £17,175, and fixed deposits £3,000. Land for School Purposes.— The Govern ment have purchased an acre of land situated at the corner of Currio and Gray streets for Echool purposes, at £35 per foot. Geological Survey of Woodside Dis trict. — A short time since a deputation, con sisting of Messrs. R. Kees, M.P., J. U. F. Johnson, and C. M. Smith, waited on the Chief Secretary and urged him to allow Mr. Henry Brownj Government Geological Sur vevor, to inspect and report upon the mines at 'Woodside' at as early a date as possible. Mr. Bray, in reply, told the deputation that Mr. Brown had arranged to go to the South East, but as soon as circumstances would permit he should visit the district and report upon it as desired. Ocean Steamers at Port Victor.— Victor HarLqur is to have the distinction conferred upon it of being made the calling-place of an ocean steamer. Messrs. Dalgety, Biackwood, and Co. announce that the Aberdeen, a vessel of 3,61G toes, which leaves Melbourne earlv in January, is to call at Port Victor for wool for the February sales. The steamship Eastern Monarch is to visit the same port We may mention that a large quantity of wool is coming down the river, and that a considerable proportion of it is being con signed to Port Victor. H.M.S. Nelson.— We understand that this war vessel will change her anchorage from Gknelg to the Semaphore on Sunday morn ing next. Criminal Sittings. —The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Tuesday. The Hamley Bridge murder case was adjourned till Monday next. Charles De Brenni, convicted of stealing from the person, was sentenced to two yeara and six months imprisonment with hard labour. Nearly the whole of the day was taken up with the trial of John McCarthy, on a charge of obtaining £550 by false pretences, and the case for the prosecution had only just closed when the Court adjourned till next day. The cases of Henry Paie, manslaughter, Elizabeth Tregikas, biearny, Samuel Reeves, embezzlement, and William Millman, rape, will be token to-day if possible. Public Schools Picnic at the Grange.— Through the kindness of Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., this picnic will be held on Friday, De cember 15. The children will be conveved from Adelaide by train to the Grange. The schools will be kept separate, p.nd the chil dren will be distinguished by colours, that for the Central Model School being red : Xorth Adelaide, dark blue; East Adelaide, lisht blue ; Whitmore square, pink : Franklin street, pink-and-white. The children arc to be at the Station a quarter of an hour before the time of starting, and the juveniles will be dispatched in four batches, returning in the same order. Lunch will be at 12 noon, and tea at 4 p.m. A long programme of sports for prizes given by members of the Boards of Advice and other gcctlemen is prc nded-bqtli f-r boys and girls. Explicit printed instructions have been issued for teachers and scholars, and all possible pre parations seem to have been made to guard against accident, and to enable the children to spend a happy day. Ball at Glenxlg.— There was quite an unusual stir at Glenelg on Wednesday evening, consequent on a complimentary ball being tendered to the Commodore and officers of H.M.S. Nelson and Miranda. The ball began at about half-past 8, but previous to that there iva3 a grand display of fireworks from the jetty, the announcement of which in the daily papers served to draw a large crowd to the premier watering-place, and the admiration expressed by the spectators at the display proved that it was a success. His Excellency the Governor was to have been present at the ball, but owing to in disposition he was unable to attend, and signified such by telegram to the committee. The East Adelaide, West Adelaide, Hind marsh, and Glenelg Companies of the Adelaide Rifles were stationed outside of the Institute as a guard of honour on the arrival of Commodore Erskine of the Nelson, but tho Commodore managed to slip tmssen into the ballroom, and it was not till some time afterwards that the Military Band pealed forth the strains of 'Rule Britannia' and 'The Song of Aus tra'ia.' The large room of the Institute, which is on the first floor, constituted the dancing room, and it was gaily decorated with, flags and evergreens. Dancing was kept up till early morn. The Private Secre tary to the Governor (Major Eccles) was ' present, as also were the Chief Justice Hon. S. J. Way), Justice Boucaut, Messrs. King, M.P., Symon, M.P., and with the CJoromodore the following officers : — Commander Henderson, Lieutenants Powell, Fenton. Tillnrd, Knight, and Drake, Secre tary Warren, Assistant Paymasters Miall and Greenwood, Chief Engineer Giles, En gineers Slade and Edmond, Dr. Knott, Mid Ehipmen Cator, Smith, Walters, Hale, Robinson, and Warren. The supper, which was prepared in an elegant manner by Mr. Beach, was laid on the ground floor and heartily partaken of by the guests, number ing altogether over 200. The success of the gathering is largely due to the energetic manner in which the Secretary and his assistant, Mr. Holman, carried out their duties. Banquet to tiie Hon. T. Playford and Me. E. T. Smith. — On Wednesday evening, December 13, a select number of representa tives of the electors of the District of East Torrens entertained their members, the Hon. T. Playford, M.P., and Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., at a banquet in the Town Hall, Nor wcod. Both these gentlemen leave in a few days for a visit to England, and tho engage ment of Wednesday night was in token of esteem for them personally and of apprecia tion for their services as Parliamentary re presentatives during many yeara. The pro ceedings were of a very cordial character. Mr. K. St. Barbe-Miller (Mayor of Nor wood and Kensington) presided, and several members of bothHouses, including the Treasurer, were amongst the company. The principal speakers, besides the guests of the evening, were the Hon. W. Morgan, M.L.C., the Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C., and the Hon. L. Glyde (Treasurer). There was not made any statement bearing political significance, though Mr. Morgan, Mr. Play ford, and the Treasurer indulged in some banter upon the vital question whether tho present Ministry have adopted the policy of their predecessors or have formulated an original one. The necessity for immigration was strongly enforced by nearly .all who spoke. Messrs. Smith and Playford expect to be back in the colony by the end of July. Wharf at Wells Creek.— On Tuesday, December 12, a memorial from seventy Eeven residents in the Hundreds of Cunning ham, Maitland, Tipara, and Clinton was presented to the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. G. Ramsay) praying that the Government would take immediate steps to enlarge the wharf and embankment at Wells Creek, or lease water frontages on either side of it, as at present the available space of reclaimed land was far too limited to rermit a loaded wagon to turn round. Mr. Ramsay, in reply, promised to have the place examined, and if it were found neces sary he would have the wharf widened. The Largs Bay and Semaphore Steam launch and Boating Company, Limited.— The first general meeting of shareholders in this Company was held at the Exchange Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday after noon, December 13. There were 3,045 shares represented in thfi room. Mr. W. Everard was elected Chairman. The memorandum and articles of association were submitted and adonted with a few additions and altera tions. One of the additions gives the Com pany power to amalgamate with any other Company. The following gentlemen were elected Directors : — Captain W. Wells, Messrs. A. L. Harrold, William Russell, Josiah Boothby, C.M.G., and George Ander son, the remuneration being fixed at £1 Is. each Director for meetings attended. Tramway Extension.— The Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company have begun the work of constructing the extension of their lines along Dequettville-terrace and the Kensington-road to Burnside. Kangaroo Island. — A correspondent writes frcm -Menzies, Kangaroo Island, on December 4: — 'The crops in this hundred are looking first-rate — quite beyond the expectation of the selectors. From 20 to 50 bushels are expected to be reaped, and some ot that from ground that was pronounced by several persons not to be worth the seed that was sown on it. Next year I expect there will be a large area sown. What with rolling and chopping the scrub down, and with the aid of the stump-jumping plough, corn will be growing where a few years ago it was almost impossible to get through. Messrs. Partridge and Sanders have just got a large iron roller down from Adelaide. I am told it answers well ; if so, others no doubt will follow their example. A post-office has been opened at Wessenger, which is a boon to the neighbourhood : but if something is not done to the road before next winter it will be almost impossible to get there with the mail, as its condition was something fearful last winter.' A Generous Gift.— Some few months aeo a tombstone in the Milang Cemetery, erected to the memory of four little children, named Rogers, was maliciously broken to pieces. A rr.an, named Crispin, was arrested on sus picion, and although censured.by the Magis trate before whom he was brought, he could cot be convicted on the evidence then pro duced. The stone was purchased fron Mr. H. Fraser'n marble works, who has shown the sympathy he /eels for the parents by ge nerously presenting them with a marble stone tlie facsimile of the one which was de sti oyed. Ball on Board the Hesperus.— Captain Harry and the officers of the Hesperus entertained a large number of their friends on board at Port Adelaide on Tuesday even ing, the 12th inst. The ship was tastefully decoratedwithnumerous flagaanu evergreens, and the supper-table was laid the whole length of her magnificent saloon. About 200 guests availed themselves of Captain Harry's kind hospitality, and this popular officer found himself surrounded by many who have had the pleasure of making voyages in this favourite ship. XXX Morphett Vale Post-Office and Tele graph Station. — A well-attended meeting was held at Morphett Vale on Monday, the 11th inst., Mr. S. Myles, J.P., the District Chairman, presiding, for the purpose of securing an eligible site for the new Post Office and Telegraph Station, for the erection of which the sum of £750 now stands on the Estimates. Dr. Morier, J.P.. briefly re capitulated the history of the buildings about to be erected. A deputation waited on the Hon. T. King, the Minister of Education, about two years ago, asking for the erection of the buildings, to which a most favourable answer was returned, indeed, what the de putation, in their ignorance of diplomacy, understood to be a distinct pledge to carry out their wishes. Subsequently opposition arose at Reynella, and when the matter was fairly put to him in the House, the above-named hon. gentleman repudiated in toto any promise of the kind. On the accession of the present Ministry another deputation waited on the Hon. Mr. Parsons with the same object, and they also received a favourable reply, but that Minister meant what he said, and showed it by very shortly afterwards instructing Mr. Todd to come out and select a fitting site for the proposed buildings. This was done and a bargain made with the proprietor of the ground chosen, but who, when called upon to send in his deeds for the necessary transfer, demanded more money. This meeting was advertised as one to select a site, but that was a matter for the decision of the Minister of Education and the Post master-General. A site had been offered in every way as suitable, and in some respects more so than that selected by Mr. Todd, although practically the same, being situated on the other side of a narrow road, 18 feet from that originally chosen. > He proposed a cordial vote of thanks to the Hon. Mr. Parsons as representing the present Government in this matter, for the manner in which he had acted towards the inhabi tants of Morphett Vale. Seconded by Mr. W. Bain and carried. Mr. James Clark, J. P., in supporting the resolution, observed that the whole of the Trustees of the Baptist Church Manse were unanimous in the matter, I f.r.d suggested that the Chairman, Dr. j JIoritr^andMr. R. Taylor be a committee to r.irther the objects of the meeting:. Agreed to. Dr. Morier proposed a vote of thanks to the Managing Committee of the Baptist Church for their having so kindly placed the quarter-acre site— within a few feet of the one originally approved by Government at the disposal of the public at so low a price. Seconded by Mr. Bell, J.P., and carried. Mr. R. Taylor thought the meeting should record their sense of the exertions made on behalf of the district by their members, Messrs. Colton and Atkinson. He v?ould therefore move a cordial vote of thanks t3 them. Seconded by Mr. John Bell, J.P., anl carried. In responding to a vote of thanks, Dr. Morier thanked his friends for their kind appreciation of his efforts in endeavour ing to press on Government the necessity for supplying an undoubted requirement in Morphett Vale. The usual acknowledgment having been accorded to the Chairman, on the motion of Mr. O'Sullivan, Mr. Myles assured the meeting of his entire sympathy with the object for which it was convened. Trinity Young Men's Society.— The last meeting of the session of this Society was held on Tuesday evening, December 12, the special business being the presentation of awards for the prizes won during the previous month for the best competitive essay and also recitation. The Rev. W. S. Moore (Senior VicePresi dent) presided, and delivered a short but practical address on the aim and benefits of such Societies, and the aspirations that ought \ to actuate every member belonging to them; also adding a few well-chosen remarks as he presented the prizes to the successful com petitors. The subject selected by the Presi dent for the essay wa3 as follows : — ' The ancient mode of writing contrasted with that of the present day, and the influence for good or evil exerted by the printing press.' Mr. W. Shakespeare was awarded the first prize, and Mr. J. W. Lockwood the second. As regards the competitive recitation, each member was allowed to render his own selection, and Mr. Shakespeare was again successful in carrying off the first prize, whilst Mr. W. T. Smith was awarded the second. Before the meeting closed one or two of the members referred to the con templated visit of the Chairman to England, and expressed the hope that the rest and change of clime and scenery would have the desired effect of recruiting hia health, and that he might be permitted to return with renewed strength and vigour to the land of his adoption, where he had done so much for ihe education of the rising generation. Mr. Moore, in replying, assured the members that he felt a great interest in their mental and moral advancement, and trusted that next session there would be a greater number of members and heartier zeal and earnestness shown in the work decided upon. Tonnage Dues. — Messrs. Furner and Beaglehole, members for Wallaroo, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Tues day, December 12, to bring under his notice the injustice of charging tonnage dues at the Wallaroo Jetty, these dues not being charged at otherjetties. The Commissioner promised to look into the whole matter of jetty charges, with a view of having a reasonable' and uni form charge adopted. Dancing Reunion. — On Wednesday evening, December 13, tho pupils of the MeEsieurs Roberts held their first annual reunion in the Town Hall. The night being cool and suited for dancing there were present two hundred couples, comprisiug pupils and friends. The costume3 were divided between evening and fancy dre3s, and some of the latter were certainly very handsome, the most prominent, perhaps, Icing four young ladies representing Lady Teazle, a Fairy, Maritina, and Cupid, while the most attractive amongst the young gentlemen were Don Coesar, and an Italian bandit. Dancing was commenced at 8 o'clock, and the first part of the programme was completed by midnight, when thejuyeniles retired. The elders then continued till an early hour in the moining. The dancing on the whole was very good, and Mr. Roberts deserves great credit for the trouble he has taken with his pupils, who went through some difficult manoeuvres in excellent style. The music, which was contributed by the Adelaide Orchestra, under the couductorship of Mr. Charles Cawthorne, it is needless to say, was everything that oould be desired. The proceeds of admission are in aid of the Samaritan Fund. During the evening a pre sentation of a- framed collection of portraits of ladies practising calisthenic exercises was presented to Mr. Roberts by his pupils for his tutorship during the past season. The programme of dances— a very lengthy one — was not concluded till early morn. Meeting at Roseworthy.— On Wednes day evening a meeting was held at Steed's Hotel, Roseworthy, to consider the question of water supply for the summer. Many of the farmers are put of water, and the ques tion of cartage is becoming a very serioug one, as the distance is so great that some farmers have to cart the water. Mr. M. Wake was voted to the chair, and said they had to consider the best means of getting the Government to lay tho water on at Willaston. He thought they ought to get up a requisition signed by all the residents interested, and present it to the Govern ment. It would be a great saving to those who had to carry water, as it would save them one mile and a half each way. He had no doubt one of tho publicans at Willaston would undertake to look after the staudpiiie at a nominal fee and hand in the returns to the Government. Mr. H. Heinjus said he had to go into Gawler twice a week for water, and if the rjipe was placed at Willaston it would save him six miles. He moved—' That it is desirable that a staudpipe in connection with tho Gawler waterworks be erected at the north end of Willaston for the convenience of the farmers in the districts of Mudla Wirra, North and South, and Nuriootpa.' Mr. F. E. Konzeg seconded the proposition, which was carried. Mr. Both proposed and Mr. Faesche seconded, 'That a deputation consisting of Messrs. Wake, Steed, Heinjus, Flett, Konzeg, D. Kerr, E. Lawson, Nottle, Dahlitz, Dingle, and Both, wait upon the Commissioner of Public Works 'asking that the concession might bo granted, and that the members for the District of Light (Messrs. Coles, Moyle, and Dixson) be asked to accompany the deputa tion.' The resolution was carried. Theatre Royal.— The previous night's bill was repeated on Wednesday evening at this place of amusement to a fair audience. Faiiewell to the Governor.— A meeting to arrange for a farewell demonstration to His Excel lency Sir \Y. F. D. Jervoia. on Ills departure from the colony for New Zealand, will be held at tho Mayor's Boom this afternoon. New Hebrides Mission'.— The Rev. J. G. Paton, the well-known missionary from the New Hebrides, is now in Adelaide, and will conduct services in Chalmers Church and Flinders-street Church on Sunday. Marsden's Patent Pulverizer.— Gentlemen in terested in mining and improvements in mining machinery will have an opportunity to-day of wit nessing Slarsden's patent pulverizer in motion. Some of the quartz to bo crushed cornea from the Northern Territory, some from McCormack Heef, and some from the ilount Torrens District. The pulverizer will be at work from 11 to 12 and from i to 5 o'clock, at tho yard of Messrs. Francis Clark and Son, Blyth-strwt. Bazaar anh Chess Tournament.— We have been desired to direct attention to an announcement in our advertising columns to the elfect that in con nection with the North Adelaide Congregational Church Bazaar, to be held in tha Town Hall on December 20, 21, 22, and 23, a grand ches3 tourna ment will bo played in the afternoon of tho opening day. The game— a short but brilliant one— will bo played with living characters taking the place of the pieces, the kings, queens, knights, castles, bishops, and pawns all being in full costume. The dis tinguishing coloura an) to be cardinal and blue. A game was recently played before the nobility in one of the connties in England, and it was such a great success it had to be twice repeated. We learn that the tournament will take place under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and somo of our leading citizens. PrLTENEV-STREET SCHOOL.— An adjourned meet ing, to arrange for a farewell to tho Eev. W. S. Moore, will be held at Jackman's Booms this evening. South Australian Auxiliary Bible Society. —The annual meeting vrill be held in Stow Lecture Hall this evening. Kensington Cricket Ci.ce.— A meeting will be held this evening at the Prince Alfred Hotel. 'Scottish Characteristics.'— The Rev. J. Y. Simpson will lecture on this subject in St. Andrew's Hall this evening. Glenelg Grammar School.— The annual prize distribution will take place in the Glenelg Institute this evening. Entertainment.— An entertainment will be given in the North Adelaide Temperance Hall by tho Eicelfior Lifeboat Crew this evening. Cricket.— A match willbeplayed at Glenelg this afternoon between a team from the Nelson v. Rail way Employes. 51ETR0P0LITAN STBEET-TRAMWAY COMPANT.— In oar advertising columns appears the prospectus of a Company which is projected with the object of constructingtramways in various streets of the city not already accommodated with tramlines, and to obtain power to ran over all existing lines within South Adelaide, thereby affording the maximum amount of convenience to passengers wishing to get from one part of the city to another. Government Tenders. — The following tenders for Government worts were received on Monday morning, viz. :— Fngineer-in-Chief s Department. — Bepairs to Port Lincoln Jetty (3). J. Garricfe and Sons. Architect-in-Chiefs Department.— Quarters for Secretary Adelaide Hospital, not declared ; Moonta School, repairs, &-:., one only ; Moocta Mines School, repairs, &c; one only; Kapunda School, repaira, 4c, one only ; Grote-street Model School, repairs, &c.; (2), T. Burnett; Adelaide Hospital, outpatients' dispensary (3), T. Burnett ; Port Adelaide School, repairs, sc, one only; Kadir.a School, repairs, -tc. (2), J. E, Dobson; Poit Eiliot Court Ilonse, repairs, 4c, one only; Wallaroo School, repairs, &. (2), R. F Skuce; Wallaroo Mines School, repairs, &c; (2), J. E. Dobson. Largs Bay Eegatta a*d Sports.— A meeting of thu committee was held at the Exchange Hotel, Port, on Wednesday afternoon. A programme was acreedrcpon, to incJnde a fcetch and other sailing ami 1'iilliiiK rco-s, besides numerous other events both for lar.d and water competition. A snbcom roittce, consisting cf Messrs Quin, Randall. Rcsaell, Woclrjoi'-gb, ami the Eon. Secretary (W. h. Dickson), was appointed to arrange ijetails. 