POLICE STORIES. By W.W. WOMAN'S PERSEVERANCE. 1 Tf thoro is ono habit more detrimental to the dignity, (if I may use the word in connection with snch an humble member of society) of a policeman it is thatofgosaipping with them am- . bers of familieson his beat, especially with the < female members; and if I had personally any authority in the force, I should put a stop to itin toto. Still thoro are coses in which a constable may harmlessly indulge himself in a fow minutes' relaxation in this way, as I used myself to do witbont any hesitation in Ncwry etreet, when the following -odd circumstances occurred. About half-way down this bye4street were two small cottages under ono roof, and ' presenting together, save for the low railing I that dividod tho front gardon plot, the op- ' pearanco of only one houso. Ono verandah j ran along the front of the little building from J end to end, and, contrary to tho usual stylo in ! Buch cottages, tho two windows Wore in tho j centre and the doors at eithor end. With ono of the occupants of these humble j little tenements I got pretty intimate when i -on night duty. Ho was a middlo-agodjsingle j man, of quiet habits, and was second violinist ' in the orchestra of one of the theatres. This | decent man, whoso namo was Neidpath, lived | entirely alone, and as his work was night/work ho seldom wont oat save for necessary pur - chases during the day. Nevertheless, Neidpathamusedhimself in the way most pleasing to himsolf,apd also themost profitable. He practised on his instrument almost every hour that was not devoted to rest, save only on Sunday, for he was a re gular and steady ohurch-goer, and an observer of the one in seven days4 rest from alt amuse ment as well as labor. Many a pause I was wont to mako near Noidpath's fence when I was on duty, for he was an exceptionally (rood violinist, and rendered his pieces with an ex pression and feeling that told. his own qxpori- once of their soveral beauties. "To let" had been for some time exhibited cm the premises attached to Ncidpath4s— that is to 'say, the other end of tho tenement was empty; < but one evening, when I walked post, X ob- j eervod that it was once more tenanted, and, as it would appear, by a single .woman. | It is a strange fact that nature herself seems f to put some invariable stamp on hor dis- . obedient children that tho world has yclept < old maidB. I at least can pick one out of a hundred married or widowed women. And no f one could mistake the new tenant— she de- ' j cidcdlybelongod to that unenviable fraternity. ( As I waa slowly passing she was most deter- minedly exhibiting ber person and activity by J skipping affectedly abont the little front garden; and while feigning to be trimming up the few green plants and creepers that decorated it j managed to watch tho street up and down, aye, ; and the nxofc door premises also, with a per- : sistenco calculated to leave the impression on | my mind that she was watching and .waiting I for some particular object. umy uiac ic 10 impossiDie to sancy a nop-o my-thumb bird with a wrinkled face and a half dozen of little false carls swaying ovor its peeping oycs,n should say Chat the now tenant reminded me of a twitering sparrow that could not rest upon one leg for two minutes together. Her affected juvenility of dress, hor fluttering ribbons, and her screwed in waist, not to spoak of the flat chest and pro- minont bones, must have formed the raoBt ad mirable of objects in the maid's own esti mation, for every movemont was by way of displaying !them and her extreme agility. '1 From leaf to leaf she skipped likea butterfly, ! and made sndden tittle pirouettes on her' high heels, and turnod her dyed and ringleted head from ride to side in snch a double-jointed \ manner that it was quite impossible Co , weight . hor with tho fifty ycare!s her old phiz declared . her to be. Bnt this especial activity in move- j meat I bavo ' observed to be an invariable ' accomplishment of ladies anxious to create an ; impression of youth in the minds of credulous beholders. . | 44 Good eveningxonstablo," this fair lady ; said to mo as I was passing, and sho said it | with a primaffectation and such a screw in of ' her withered lips that I felt tike laughing in her old face. 44 Ah i I see you don't know me. I only moved in here to-day. I am Miss : Hubbartz. Fray what kind of neighborhood is . this? Is it ono that is likely to be congenial to ' —a single lady ? He-he- ho t" I 4Yery congenial indeed, ma'm,uI replied to ' this giggle, "especially so far as your next \ door noighbdnr is conoerned.IMr Neidpath is a .very nice gentleman, indeed, and to my certain knowledge he Is on the lookout for a wife." "Mr Neidpath tOh. I have the pleasure of knowiog him. He-he-he ! He's a musician isn't ho? Oh 1 it is eo. pleasant to have soma one you know in the vidnlty." 44 Yes, indeed, eo you'd better see and keep . Mr Neidpath in your vicinity always," I ob served with as littlo respect as I felt; yet Iwan rewarded by a gigglo and toss of the false little curls that ought to have been irresistible. | It so happened that Neidpath bad been out ' that evening on his now neighbor's arrival,aad I bad the pleasure of communicating to b m the interesting news that he bad got a neigh bor in the doable cottage. " I congratulate yon," I said, as I met him returning home, "you've got a neighbor -at last, and a most interesting sne. But I. am forgetting, she told me sho was acquainted with you ?" ' " A neighbor?" ho questioned. "Intfo othor end of tho cottago is it? Acquainted with mo ? .Good Lord 1 it's not Miss Hub1- bartz." "That is tho name the lady gave me, cer- . toinly," I replied, with a laugh at poor Neid path's evident consternation. 44 But why do yon seem so horrified? She appeared delighted with her neighbor." "Aye, that's just it," ho'returhed, with# groan, as he took his handkerchief out of Hi bht, and wipod the perspiration off his fact! with a trembling hand. "In the name o£ : heaven, what am I to do B— ? That desperate woman baa already driven mo oat of a snug' .houso threo times. Ami to bo sent from this to a lunatic asylum V " Is it so bad ? What does eho'do ?" "Do? Sho's determined to. marry me; ' that's all ! Novor was an oMortunatr man huntod down as I baYe boon. 'Sho's a devj!,; that's what' she is,1 the 'wxotoh ! She knows' that I tit n a naturally quiet man, arid ' willing ' to put up with ni good deal for peateo soke, butj ' i'zn-not going -to tie poisoned by Miss Hub bartz, or married either." x "Foissncdl" "Yes, I have been nearly at my wit's endto cacupo what sho calls her little offorings; some- times it's a tittle cake and somotimes a littlo > pio./Somotimos sho has a Welsh rare-bit ready - for me when I come homo in the middle o£ : tho night and she'll stand and call out in loud whispers Meoster Neodpath ! Mcoster Need- path !' until every head in tho neighborhood is over fences to see our meeting. She makes perfume sachets for me, and tries to put flowers / in my bntton hole when I'm going out. So I'll have to leave at once and .live undor 9 railway-bridgei" It was impossible to help laughing at tho poor man's woefnl appearanoo as ho gave this list of his grievances at the amatory old maid's bond, yet his distress was so evidently genuino that I pitied him. I 44 Bah!"I said; 44that fair dame's mlomay bo - made.to work both ways. Make her olearout," " It isn't in tho power of living man!" ho ' cried; "that woman will stick to mo tike a : barr so long as my being riaglo gives ber tho .< , ghost of a chance," , "Remain single no longer then," I od vised/ " Get married with as tittlo delay as ovor yon can." "Never! Tho Woman I would sacrifice my peace and comfort tc will never be born! No, £ - must go and look out for a railway-bridge." ' At that instant a funny idea suggested itself to me, and I lost no timo in making it known ; to Neidpatb. He was a vory oautioas man» " and although ho smiled at the idea and eaidf . his young brother was tho "very chap to carry it out and enjoy it, h" declared he must consider ovor it ; hut if ho had uot considered favorably of it, thiB story would never have boon told. " I leavo it all to you?" ho cried desperately tho sextsime I sow him, "That horrid woman has been handing me cakes and pies over tho fence all. day, and grinning at me in a way " that mode my blood run cold ! I'll tell hor to, tlay, and we'll arrange all about it." .And we arranged all about it— so -effectually tlmt it was with a sensation of delight at my. part in tho plot, I saw Miss Hubbartz skip ping up and down her gardon and popping to and fro on the verandah as I went on duty that some evening. Aalneared tho cottage she hung ever the fence and affected tho greatest . anxiety of watch up the etroet in tho direction in which Neidpath generally appeared. "I wish I was the happy man yon -were waiting for," I tied as I paused opposite the 'flattered old maid. 44Ho-he-he? I'm only on the look-out for Mr Neidpath; he's suoh on old friend you know, and I confess, he-he-ho, that I feel anxious about him ; he's not been at home all day, and / that is most unusual with him." "Mr Neidpath I Good gracious, don't you , know; lias he really left you, of all people in' the world, in ignorance after all your kindness ' to him ?" and Iaffected tho greatest astonish- ' mcnt. "In ignorance of what— whatever -ore you alluding to Constable B— ?" 44 Why, that Neidpath was'to Be married .to day ! Indeed, ho aBked me to the wedding, hut : duty prevented my going." Toseo that poor old withered, yet would-be' young faco, with all its barefaced attempts at vivacious youth dropping oat 'of sight 'at' once; to watch the perked np chin fall, and tbo ' stiffened bock bend into tho stoop natnrol to ' the age which hod never been owned; to sea the flaccid cbeoks grow yollow' and the veryr false ringlets lose their artificial carl, was some- ' thing to bo remembered, until you meet with' something better to be recorded. "Oh, you must be mistaken !"sho gasped as soon as the shock permitted her. 44 Not at all Miss Hubbartz; I saw thorn to' the church this morning." " Tliis morning ! Oh, the vilo false deceiver I This very morning I presented him '.with a , lovoly button hole— a /rose-bud and two violets." "Yes, I'saw It; ho wore tfiem going to1 church, and charmingly appropriate they1 looked, and so liko a lady's taste, Miss Hubbartz." " " The wretch 1" and the poor Woman ap plied the corner of her apron to her eyes. "Who," she asked, as soonosonef eye was' clear, " Who has the villain married ?" "A fine strappinggirl, nearly six feet high, but a tartar, Mi'rb Hubbartz; and I wouldn't advise yon to let her hear you call Neidpatb oitlier a villianor a wretch, for she'd think no' more of tearing all your beautiful curls off ' than she would of eating her dinner." > " I hope she'll tear evory hair out of hie head, " sho cried viciously, 44 and it will servo him right." 1 41 Oh, not she ; she's quite wrapped up in- Neidpatb, and woo be it to the woman that looks at him now he's her property. Indeed, Miss Hubbartz, I think tho wisest thing yoo can do will bo to move at once, for it would . be very unpleasant for you if Mrs Neidpatb took it into her bead that there had been -any thing between you and him previous to tho marriage." " I'm a lane, persecuted woman?" sobbed the old laxly, and as flesh and blood could en dure tho ridiculous 110 longer without laughter, I turned away, promising myself a rare treat on the morrow. And the morrow Came, Fortunately tor my enjoyment of the fun It so happened that on that day I changed day for night duty, and took caro to be in Newry street whon Neidpath and his bride arrived in a cab. Ho, as theprintipai actor, looked excessively foolish, a hot unusual thing in connection with a man in his position; hut the hardihood of tho lady he handed out. made up, in axtonso, for Neidpath own'haah- . fnlhesB. I had not exaggerated the bride's unusual height— eho might have been : a grenadier; and the hand with which shb gripped a blue, silk parasol would have dono no 'injustice to the hilt of a sword. So farfroni hastening out of right tho self-possessed lady waved tho parasol toward Miss Hnbhartz'o dwelling, and Spoke loud enough for till tho onlookers to hear her, 44 That's where she fcongsjout, is it, Neidpath? Oh, well yon may leavo her to mo ; 111 tako care sho doesn't throw horsolf at your head anymore." Now, poor Miss Hubbartz had beeh unable to resist bor curiosity, and indeed may Havo detected tho difficulty- 1 bod in refraining from laughter whon I gave her the unwelcome tid- ingsand she disbelieved them. At all events sho ' had planted herself bohind hor curtain and toft tho window open, so that she : heard every word uttered by hor rival. I was "On ' thfc .. 'watch too, and saw her old weasenod face dis. tinctly, and how it was drawn back in shainD when tho words wore uttorod. . 1 -Knowing there was another scono. to' bo dqacted, I hong at tho fonoo until tho cab bad driven away end the onlookers had dispersed, when the old mud appeared at hor. cautiously .: opened door, and bockonodto me. , I jouiod . box at once, when, with clasped hands and - trembling tips, ehooppeale tome. : "For the lore of mercy, get mo a pab; Con stable B-rf,'. until! get &i;?ay > from.tbat hoq . riblo woman." 1 . .. , - j T "Oh don't go in such ' a' hurry Miss fitub rbartz; gct a van and toho your things propwtyt : Mrs Neidpath won't intorforo with you so soouj 4\. will Bond you up n van « you like." Not intorforo, indeed! Ab poocMissHubbarts, inspiradiwith confidence by my vioinity ventured to step out on the verandah something that looked like a bit of light colored leather, but ivas in reality a small dried up pancake, flew so close to the top of her head tint it struck the mass of little dancing curls, broke the elastic that securod them in place, and dnsbod tho old maid's wig to tho ground. Nor had she timo to stoop for it and fly oro a cold custard W03 dashed against her window, and an apple pie made squash of against a p ost of the verandah. Scent sacliots, ornomontod Svith mottoes in bonds, Welsjr rarebits, and tadod button-hole bouquets rained on the disappointed lady's promisor ; while with them showorod uncomplimentary Words in the swoot tones of the bride of Noidpath. She stood in tho attitude of an Amazon— and to toll tho truth thore was more than a suspicion of a monstacho on hor uppor lips— and abusod tho unhappy old maid with a Bpito and presovorance worthy of hor sex. '.Talk of courting indeed! 'Twos tho women that courted in your young'days, ma'am, and the old women at that 1 How hard up you are for a husband, old lady! There's a bouquot for you. .Faugh, it . smells, of old bones ! And look at your pies, do you think my man would oat tho like of that ? Shoo ! no wonder you runj but jmst lot rao get my olaws on you and you'll run foster?" .. In the dead of that night Miss Hubbartz . And her household gods disappeared from Newry street And now I supposo you think my story is ' finished, but it is not quite. Thero is a prologne, or an epilogue, or whatover you call it, and hero it is, in a paragraph by it self. One day barely a fortnight after Miss Hub- bartz's discomfiture I met Neidpath striding past Jolimont with his violin caso under his arte.'ahd hie hat pulled down over his eyes, in- a style very unusual to him. His face was palo and stern, his vest unbuttoned and .his coat torn at the sleeve, as though it had been dragged on in a violent hurry, Although I knew him to be an exceptionally sober man, I concluded on this occasion that ho must havo been drinking and stopped him. "Whatovcr's up with you, Neidpath ? Where are you going in that disordered state ?" He stood in front of me, and stared into my loco with a harrowing look of desperation. "What's up with mo ? That awful woman's up with me. She's found out that my wifo was Joe, and she's back again." "What ! Miss Hubbartz ?" '"Yes, she's Bhiftod into thecottage ogain.bag and baggage, this morning." "But where are you going? Look at your ciothee,man.". "My clothes are good enough for' a railway bridge, and I'm going to look for one," ho re plied doggedly, as he hitched his violin caso higher under his arm, and tramped away in the direction of tho Yarro. I have never seen him since," 