'HAMLET.' Tub performance at thd Theatre Eoyal laBt night vres roumrk&bio; as introducing Miss Pomoroy in tho oharactor of Samlet. We do not hold with thoaa oritios who declare that in seeing thia aotresa in tho part of the Prince of Denmark, it in impossible to forgot that it i» a woman who in playing it.. On the contrary, it is Vfcrv easv to divest one's salf of tha idoa th«(-. i woman, and not a man, ia taking the oharactor, whioh, moreover ig, where it requires it, ptuyed with a great deal of jiniwar. It iB decidedly not nooossary that Samlet should be a ' robustious, perriwigged-pated fellow' — quito the contrary. And horo lot us say that eomo of Miss Pomoroy's declamatory ptiGsngea were given with a force that net many strong men could surpass. Wo much regret that th9 opace at our disposal will uot allow of our giving mora th»n a cursory notice of Miss l'omeroy'H undoubtedly fine, and, in m&uy; respects, original performance. That Miss Pomerqy has deeply studied the character is quite evident. She does not miss a point, and her readings nro always intelligent, and, .is we have ssid often, new. She takes our view of the oharaoter of Samlet. He iB only mad 'nor'. nor'- west,' and tho motives formal! ho does arn rnuda sbnndantly intel ligible to tho audience. Ono of her best tft'jrto was in the ' pluy ' scene, which wns well conceived and carried out. Where Mias Pome roy might have boon excused for failure —in tho duel scone— she was exeelipnt, there being nothing womanish in the manner in which Bhe inide piny with hor small-sword. She was f jequently applauded id the courBB of tho evening, and tibo rccoivod n recall nt tho end ef every act. On Wish Jenyn's Ophelia we have nothing but prnioo to bostovr. It was a charm ing psrformanoe, and hor mad Boeno was high art, the sensibililias of the audience being moht auiiuet'sfully appealed to. Kbver hivo wu Keen abettor Ghost thun that of II*. Holloway laat nighty Ke t'poke liia lines moat impressively, and his appearanoa, with tho aid Of the lime light, was sutficinnUy aup.ttnutural. Misn Kttto Arden wai excellent as The Queen. Wo expoofed more humour from Mr. Carey, as Polonius ; as the first Grave Digger, however, ho was capitnl. Mr. Elliott made u vory satis factory Zacrlcs, octing with considerable power in tho latter scenes. Mr. Medoalfo's Soratio was it good performance, and indoed the cant, generally, w»s Batinfaotory. 'Hamlet' will be repeated this evening. 