FIFTY LASHES. By 4 Atha.' Written for 4 The Weekly Times.' Chapter I. A full summer moon overhead, casting bars of soft light athwart the trees in the public domain. Auckland, New Zealand. On a rustic bench beneath the wide- spread- ing brancnes of a giant Kauri pine sac a caii- caste Maori girl, and by her aide a tall, handsome youth wearing the dark-blue uniform of 4 Caversham's Horse.' No Spanish gipsy could boast . a more resplendent beauty of face and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother, daughter of the old Maori chieftain Te Puke, fell in love, with one Tom Selby, a sergeant in the 6th Begiment, and with her hand came many broad acres in the most fertile valleys of the Waikato, which the old soldier soon con verted into a good payable estate. While Kiora was yet a child her mother died, whereupon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside the city, and. sent his daughter to a boarding-school until she beoame old enough to take charge of his household. 4 And so you are going to- morrow, Charlie ?' she aBks, timidly, at the same time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. ;Must it really be j to- morrow V I Really and truly, Kicra,' he answers. 4 The horses were put aboard earij this evening, and we sail to-morrow at daylight. | How dreadful tills war Is/ she says in a . low tone. j 4 Ay, dreadful, indeed, my darling ; bat we mast not stand idly by and see those mad fanatics the rebels murder and plunder innocent people. Since Rewi was driven ont of the Waikato the Government have done all in their power' to induce the dissatisfied ; Maoris to lay down their arms and live at peace with their pakeha neighbours, but you i see it is of noavaiL Tipore and hia crazy brother have roused the Taranaki tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfor tunately prevented one Claries Stanton from enjoying his Christmas dinner nnder the same roof as Kiora Selby.' 'Dear Charlie, no one can regret that misfortune more than poor Kioia,' she answers softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then stoops down ward until his moustache reaches Kiora's ripe red lips, and — well, the moon only knows what took place, for she was watching them. Her moonship sees many things that lovers wot not of. On this lovely evening there was no exception to the rale, and she observed, close by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other, tbe form _ of a man crouching low down behind a thick shrub, which completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching — a man with a pale, vile-looking face, which peered out at them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eavesdropper was similar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that he had three narrow golden stripes UDon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non-commissioned officer. Daring a A long chat such as lovers usually indulge, the watcher never stirred v from his bent position, but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was only born of deep and absorbing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to depart that he drew further into the shade, and in so doing made a nois3 which attracted the girl's attention. 4 What was that, Charlie?' she cried, nest ling herself -close to the side of her lover, and gazing round in alarm. 4 Whftt is the matter, dear?' 4 Did you not hear a rustling noise? it sounded olose by that bush thereshe said. 4 Sweet Kiora, you are filled with strange fancies to-night V he Baid, gaily. First it was a shooting-star big with evil portent for us ; now it is a noise as of some lurking assassin. Pooh ! my girl; there is nothing, save, perchance, a grasshopper looking for its mate.' 4 Oh, Charlie, I would give all I possess in the world to prevent yon going to Taranaki,' she said, with sudden energy. 4 Nonsense; why?' 4 Because I have one morbid faney that when we part to-night it will be for ever.' 4 My darling, I ' 4 Listen to mq, Charlie. Do yoa believe in dreams?' 4 Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams, nothing more.' The maiden nestled her small head — crowned with a coronet of thick raven hair — closer to his breast, and looking np at him with her large eyes, said : . 'I had a terrible dream the night before last — a dream in which I saw what took place as plain as I can see those trees before me now.' 4 What did yoa see, Kiora ?' An encampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and surrounded on every hand by high ragged hills, treeless and barren in the extreme,' she responded, in a low hushed tone. 4 Beyond the tents, on a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a olid square of glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three poBts standing upright. On those crael stakes a man was being tied hand and foot to be flogged like a slave. My God, it was terrible.' The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for she had began to shiver like one in an ague fit. 4 Did you recognise the features of the nnf a tal mnr n F wiammIaa 9' La UULUA luuoso AW wn AH iuu biiaugigo ; uo asked presently. 4 1 did.' 4 And yoa knew him?' 4 Yes. 4 Who was he, Kiora ?' 4 Yourself, Charlie ! Oh, the unutterable anguish depicted there ! Oh, the misery and the despair, and the sickening, dreadful blows that fell upon my ears like some shuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear 1 Yet I was compelled to gaze until the dread ful work WUs ended. Then I heard a loud ehout away towards the cliffs, and lookiug thence beheld a great horde of Maori war riors rush like a mighty avalanohe upon the square of armed men and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chaos and confusion, intermingled with shouts and cries, and a vision of the man who had been degraded mounted on a saddle and bridleless horse, his bare and bloody back glistening conspicuously above the crowded mel€e , until tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw it no more.' Charlie Stanton stood silent for a moment. A feeling of some nameless dread began to ste$l over him at Kiora's recital, but he shook it off and replied in a bantering way, 4 Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. Indeed, it has been said by certain crusty old bachelors that dreams are like ladies, they follow the rule-of contrary. Comje, hold up your head, my dove, I shall return to you ere the new year is many weeks old, with all my honours thick upon me.' I fervently trust you may, dear Charlie,' she replied. Then suddenly lifting her head, Charlie, I want you to make me a promise — a solenjn promise.' 4 Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to promise ?' That yoa will refrain from taking one drop of intoxicating liqaor until yoa return to Auckland.' 4 You little tyrant,' he cried, laughingly. 4 You would like to set a trap for me. You have your tea without stint — which the doctors say is rank poison — and yet one is to be deprived of his glass of grog simply because that giddy head of yours has been running too much on wars and rumours of wars. Tut ! sweet Kiora ; let us change this subject. How lovely the night is.' They went out into the soft glare arm-in ami, she pleading for his gpnt,8> that seemedTo swallow them tip and leave no trace behind. By-and-bye the lurking figure came orth from his lair and stood up in the full light of the moon. A tall, dark man, about thirty years of age, face sallow „aiid closely shaven, disotosing a wide sensual month and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. 4 Bo here yon are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy 1 he muttered, apostrophising himself, a sinister gleam in his eyer the while. 4 Why, who would have thought the ringdoves would select this spot for their senseless chatter? almost under my nose. Humph! My limbs are racked with cramp. Confound them both 1 What the devil can there be about this weak puling dandy that she must prefer him to a better man — ay, and one who cares more for her than he does ? He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. There ye go, Charlie Stanton, with the w£ l£> hand of me ; but take care, my lad, I don't checkmate you. For tea years you and I have been what modern society calls friends, Charlie; but modern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It h&B; robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, even the love of this prond wench, who haB thought fit to treat my advances with soorn and insult since you have taken the field, Charlie, man cher. Well, well, I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I have the cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard bat I will use it to advantage when opportunity offers.' He followed in the wake of the lovers with & slow and meditative step, his head bent and his hands clasped behind his back. 4 If my friend Stanton has one pet vioe above another, that vice is drink,' he muttered, pausing in his walk. 4 Not a sot who loves to tipple alone until he is speechless — oh, dear, no— but one of your gentlemanly social souls who cannot say nay when it is placed under his nose. Let him promise if he will, he cannot resist it. I have studied the man. Twice has he risen to the rank of sergeant since the corps was formed, and -each time degraded to the ranks again through his love of good liquor. So, so, Charlie ; all's fair in love and war ; therefore I'll bait my line and angle for you, my friend. Once landed, I see' my way to la belle Kiora and her broad acres.' Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's Horse, quickened his pace, crossed the park, and entered Parnell. From thence his walk became slower, until he reached Shortland Place. Here he halted, and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. There must have been something very attractive here to engage the sergeant's attention, for he remained on the spot close j upon two hoars. He was still waiting ancL watching when a young man issued from the house hamming a avourite opera air. 4 Holloa, Charlie! well met, dear boy. Where have you been?' cried Exley, in a surprised, yet pleasant tone. 4 Just ran over to bid the Selbys good-bye,' replied Stanton. - 4 But what are yon doing down this way, Exley ?' 4 Oh, taking a' walk under the moon to view the city. I guess we shan't hmre another opportunity of viewing the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met you.' 4 Why ?' 0 4 Because I was just making my way to the 4 Albion,1 where I've promised to meet one or two jolly fellows to take a parting glass. Yoa will join me, of ooarse?' 4 My dear Exley, nothing would give me greater pleasure, but ' 4 But what ?' 4 The truth is,' stammered Charlie, 1 1 have made a promise not to tooch liquor of any kind until I return from Taranaki.' i AL. #_ < ri - jTiiow i wuitsiicu buc oergetuit ; - x m sorry for that, inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of the best punch and one or two of the most comic dogs in New Zealand. Good-night. Sergeant Exley turned npon his heel, but Stanton caught him by the arm. 4 Hold hard, Exley ! We sail early in the morning. It's almost morning already, therefore I'm with you. I can accompany you without breaking my word, eh.' 4 Certainly. And the angler went in with his intended dupe, and brought him forth in the grey light of the dawning day, staggering, up roarious, and with his promise shattered to the winds. Chatter H. There are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly ragged than the Ohau Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the volunteers had formed their bivouac on the 24th December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time - night — a calm, lovely night, with moon and stairs studding the dark Blue canopy of heaven, as on the night of the advent of the MASTER nearly nineteen hundred years ago. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caversham's Horse. - The latter had pitched their tents on a bm&li; hill, adjacent towhere the commissariat stores had been piled, and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men comprising the troop ten of their number had- been told off as guar a, unaer cue cn&rge; or Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisions was only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep w&toh; and ward over , them. There were six quarter-casks of ram standing in a row flanking the stores— a terrible temp, tation, and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge- in the still' dead night, with no eye looking on. TkiB idea appeared to have taken "posses sion of the sergeant, for he called the guard together abont the watch-fire and said : 4 Comrades, I need hardly remind yon of the general order itsued this morning. We are nhder martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a vary striot officer, and will punish the slightest! negleot or carelessness with severity. that. And, above all, remember that any man found tipBy while on duty will You under- jpiy, afittilliyBerstwhlvexy well that jfrnfilrattiess w€|M -he punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards the ram puncheons and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to conoern himself about their web fare. There were others around the fire who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad, shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra jirma, if one ought judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and, while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a . camp-pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water-spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered to the nam de plume of Sanfly, was one of that gender known as & camp fag and general knockabout amongst the troopers. He could speak English pretty well — so far as lying went — and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen eafet wind, whioh made the air biting cold, and eet the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts nnder the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling round lor some place of shelter for the night, found a snog corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned until only two persons remained seated by it — Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain. Yet no two men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusillanimity ; tbe other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How came those opposites to be friends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the Btorming of the Maori Etronghold, Te Banga, Bob Gable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench from a severe gash in his side, received in the attack. The vclunteers were repulsed, hot, at the risk of his life, Charlie Stanton walked coolly out to the trench and brought in the wounded man npon his back amidst a perfect hail storm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable good-night, and answers, Hoe.' It is his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the ramp, save for the wild screech of the pelu out yonder by the lake. Sanfly, coached under the friendly cover of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his roBy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannican in his hand talking to the sentry in a low, earnest tone. 4 Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking a glass of grog on such a cold night. We are not in town, where it could be easily obtained, therefore one most get it by stealth. Of course, you are on sentry, but I must say a small half pint out of one of these casks would never be missed.' 4 Perhaps not, answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly. Pray flo as you please. You have command of - the guard. But, I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us J AMJIahm A M J O.A 1 AHfll xooirco&iiig; geiimtti oiutus auu vwwuw Bartopp's stern discipline ?' The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, 4 Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie; then adopt my plan. One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fnss and humbug put forth in orders- general or otherwise. ,Bed tape and bunkum, bunkum and red tape, to the end of tbe chapter: I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watch through the -leng night in this sharp wind, not wet our whistle when it is here ready at our hand ?' 'Bravo, Exley! Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddie witn the commissariat except the quarter-master; but, I repeat, yon are my superior officer, and — there are the casks.' 4 Good. This fellow here seems a little apoplectic. We will bleed him.' 4 With all my heart ; bat bow jvill you do it? through his bung-hole?' cried Charlie, laughing. 4 No ; only a bungler would goto work that way. Sra here. I have a gimlet. So, keep gpod watch while I spile this fellow's frontispiece.' Clement Exley east a triumphant look at hie companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good- natured, inconstant dupe Been that look he would kave thought twiee before hobnobbing with the subtle and craftv scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring the mat by his own standard, saw nothing in it saus a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his ser geant's stripes for k. Crawling from his lair as silently as a serpent, Sanfly beheld Exley holding tbe pannican over a thin stream issuing from one of the casks. 'How tbe liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into the pot I Wheh tbs utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to tha hole until the sergeant plugged, k again. — Now, comrade, take a nip.' 4 After yon,' said Charlie, modestly. ; 4 The girls we left behind us,' ahd tbe ser geant pat the liquor to his lips, Mt he did not drink any. - riTgjye that, pledge with all1 my heart responded Charlie, In piroot of which faehhliOB emptied the p&nnioanata; draught. It;tobk nwsy hie breach for the nonce ; bat that Mas fpthing, the night Was cold. 4 What do you say ? shall we re-fill the yiblet, 'Stanton V 4 By all means, Exley.' And the pot was giplenished. I did not expect we were going to liave etch a jolly time on guard,' said the Bentry, eating himself on one of the puncheons, with lie oan of rum between his knees. 4 Come, Gem., take a sip and pass the decanter.' ' In a short time the measure was again empty, and onoe more re-filled. The fiery spirit Was at least 20deg. overproof, and soon began to tell upon the trooper. 4 We must De careful, comrado , -and not rouse the sleeping guard,' said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. 4 It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visiting officer before 4 o'clock.' 4 Oh, bother the visiting officer. Pass the nappy, Clem.' 4 1 suppose you don't mind my relieving yon when your twchours are up, Charlie ?' 4 Not at all. I am eontent to remain here until daylight providing yon leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem., and may yon live to be a general. The sergeant watohed him with glistening eyes. 4 Steady, comrade ; you will be tipBy,' he said. I ! nonsense. Here, hold my carbine: the pot is empty.' One p.m. by the sergeant's watch — and the sergeant's companion growing thick of speech, and rather prosy. In another half- hour the poor dope is staggering abont, moralising to the empty air — like one of Congreve's heroes. Ha will have another sip of the liquor, and he has his way, for he is beyond reason now. The rum has mastered him completely. Anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity — his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking wildly euoh rubbish and ribaldry that the sergeant grows disgusted, and leaves him alone in his glory. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At 3 a.m. the commissariat guard tamed oat at bis sum mons, and was dismissed as correet. 4 How many sentries have yon, Sergeant Exley?' 1 Only one, captain.' 4 1 will visit him.' It was usual for two men of the guard, and the non-commissioned officer in charge to aoeempany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores ; hut of course there was no one to challenge their approach. 'Hats !' cried the officer. 4 How's this? Where is your man, sergeant ?' he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding and pointed out the dark, inert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched npon the ground test asleep. A light was brought from the tent, and they tried to rouse him, bnt in vain. There appeared no need to inquire how the man got drunk on his post . The leaking cask, the gimlet, and the pantrican half full of liquor on the gronnd beside him, told their own tale lainly. ' This is a very unfortnnate matter,' cried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. 4 What is to be done, sir?' 4 Done ! Why your duty, Sergeant Exley, of course,' responded the captain. 4 Carry ovil fn fVio rrna ril fant ann mnaf another man in his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my retnrn. Good night.' Morning came, with its rosy blush tinging the hilltops, and kissing the sleeping enoampment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent; where bis unfortnnate victim lay slumbering off tbe fumes of intoxication. ( Is this but the prelude to her dream ?' he muttered. 4 Gad ! it would seem so. Here is the circle of hills around, bare and tree less, overlooking the valley below. Yonder the Qhan Lake gleaming in the early sun like a burnished shield. What more ? 'Shall the curtain rise to- day npon the first act of the dream— the formed square and the man tied to the triangles ? We shall see, Charles Stanton. It wonld have been well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch ! sleep on. When thoirWakest thou wilt see the cat ready. And now to snatch an hoar's est.' He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sanfly was heard calling for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tentoooupied by Bob Cable. (TO BE COXTKCED.) 