THE Q'CARROLLS OF CLOUGHRUE. ' A TALE OF -QUEEN ANNE'S TIME IN IRELAND. Chapter 'XXXVI. {Continued.) 'But still I did what rnammie bade mo, went on Nora, not heeding Jones's interrup tion, ' and brushed the corridor of all the rubbish and bits of stick which had collected there in the course of the search, and I had the great dustpan full when I got to the foot of. the stairs. By the time this was done I was tired, and, as I have already confessed, a little cross, so instead of taking it into the yard as I should have done,' she continued with a roguish look at her mother-in-law, ' I threw its contents hastily on the hearth of tne Dig iutcuen, ana as l aia so neara some thing jingle lightly on tho flag, but I did not mind that until, while resting in a chair opposite the desolate fire-place, I saw some thing glisten in the dust ; when, connecting; the two things together, I darted over hoping it might be one of the guineas we were look ing for. Bat it was not— il was a small bright key, with a bit of parchment attached to it, the same arc the master had fastened to all his keys. It must have slipped off the ring, I suppose, and the label was written on it, ' Little locker in closet,' and then in a minute it flashed upon me like lightning that when Miss Oonagk and I were children we used run in and out to Mr. O 'Carroll while he finished dressing in the closet near his bed room, and that, although it had completely gone out of my memory until that very in stant, ouce or twice I saw a locker under the window-seat there open, which, when closed was so low down and fitted so exactly into the pannelling of the wainscot that one would come and go for ever without noticing it.' ' Master Owen was right,' remarked Dick here. ' He always maintained that his uncle neither buried his money nor hid it like a miser ; and you see it was in a very simple place after all.' ' A very simple place, and I was very stupid to forget about it,' acknowledged his little wife. ' I thought to run up myself at once and open it,' she continued 'but my heart was beating so last and my lingers trembled so much that I could not do go, but ran in to mammie instead, and, pressing the Icey into her hand, whispered — 1 do not know what I whispered now, I was so confused ; but it was then she said about tho ghost and took me ont. And, oh ! mother,' she con cluded, again excited a little, and taking her own mother's hand, 'it was mamraio herself went upstairs as cool as she is now and found the money, and the diamonds along with it, in the little locker ; and they were soon smuggled down stairs and you were sont for by us, as you knew you were to be whenever we were ready with the proper quality butter and not before ; and everything is right now, for Master Owen has at any rate a part of bis own, and there need be no more delay to his marriage with Miss Oonagh.' ' How did you get rid of the man sent to watch you ?' asked Mrs. Iv.yan. ' When ever I was above, one or oilier of them seemed to me never to take his eyes off you all.1 'Oh! we had that provided for too,' re plied the delighted Bit o' Beauty, ' Dick brought out the supper things purposely to the big kitchen, and then mammio told the man it would be well if'he eat a bit oE what was there while it was -hot— well for us I suppose she meant,' exclaimed . Nora, laugh-, ing — ' for with the kitchen and dairy doors both open I suppose the man thought he mi^ht venture to go eat a bit when she in vited him— and it was while'he did so, within two or three yards of us, that we got what we wanted to hide into the firkins, though our hearts were trembling; all rthe while/ ...'-.'. J'L ' Yea, it was so,' remarked the Quakeress demurely ; ' nor can I say I felt at ease; even- until I saw them passed through the gate by the man Weston himself, who little knew what; had been in bis charge for so many hours af ter I had given up the key of the.dairy to, him the night before.' * ? ' Why, Bess, Bess,' cried the amused shoe maker, ' I said you were a Jesuit, but I think a robber would be a truer name for you after all you are confessing to.' ' Nay, not so, husband,' was her smiling answer. ' It is laid down in higherlaw than that of this world that we are to give him whom you call Owen O 'Carroll his, although I never saw him.' _' At any rate I am sorry for one thing,' said the Clonmcl man, speaking again, 'and that is that I never laughed more heartily in my life than I did when I saw the trooper walk back so pompously and with such self satisfaction after having locked out and sent on their way the priest and the money he was so anxious to put his finger and thumb on.' ' It was a touch-and- go affair from first to last,' put m Dick. ' Only I got a word with Mr. Jackson the morning of the funeral he would have gone off to the major's with the others; instead of staying with us to help us in our plan so effectively.' Well, thank God you succeeded in it,' said Andy Ryan, ' but, as I hope to be saved, I never spent such a time in my life — ashamed to lift my head when I met a neighbour, for* I saw plainly that they thought weVere all a parcel of mean schemers, who were selling; the old for the new ; and the wife and I were afraid at the same time that that rascal! would come upon the money wherever it was, and destroy Master Owen completely/ ' There was not much chance of that,' re plied his son-in-law. We kept him entirely to the places we knew to have been already searched by Mr. Jackson and the major, and only made dashes at other places during the very rare moments we could divert his atten tion elsewhere.' ' It was the major took the master's keys with him,' said Nora reflectively, ' and I sup-* pose it was he let the one I found slip off the1 ring ; for I saw him twisting it upon his finger while he was thinking where the money couldj possibly be concealed.' '?? She was right — that was the way the loss; that turned out to be such a gain was sus tained so fortunately. : ' Well, it is safe out of the harbour by tliis; time,' said Mr. Ryan, in a tone of relief.; ' The wind was fair, and as our goods were; the last to go on board she had no delay buti to sail.' I ' How did von manarre to have them taken ?' asked the elder Jones. ' Oh ! I had nothing to do with that,' re plied the woman. ' Mr. Jackson's friend' whom he used to visit in Cork sometimes managed that for him. He is a merchant and a Protestant, I believe ; but I do not know his name.' ' Bravo, Protestant merchant!' cried the Clonmel man, clapping his hands applaud ingly. 'You see, Andy Ryan, it does not follow that because a man is a Protestant he is also a robber and a persecutor. Believe me it is not their faith but their grants that make many of them brawl, as they do so loudly, for the Church and the Crown.' ' But what follows nest ?' asked the Quake ress quietly. ' Thee knows husband that we must return home without more delay.' ' The first thing to do is to go to Clare with the grand news,' exclaimed Andy trium phantly, 'and ho one shall do that but my self, or tell a single word of the story.' ' Well done indeed,' replied his wife, laugh ing. ' What claim have you to tell it, T should like to know P I think it is Dick, or Dick's father, or myself, not to speak of Nora or Mrs. Jones, who ought to do that, instead of you that did nothing but stop here at home and abuse me morning, noon, and night about everything.' ' Tut, woman !' replied Andy, again flourish ing his knife over his head in lieu of the blackthorn. ' Was it not I who hunted the trooper out of Dhrohid, and sent him scamper ing up the hill without ever letting him set foot upon the floor of it?' ' So you did, Andy, gallantly,' exclaimed the shoemaker, once more laughing heartily at the recollection of the whole scene, ' and. you are justty entitled to having the first of the information. Bess and I start for Clon mel to-morrow/ he added : ' so you might as well join us part of the way at any rate, and we will wish you all good luck with the rest of it and a pleasant telling of your tale.' 'Well, I do not care if I do go part of tho way with you,' consented Andy condescend ingly, ' for you deserve well from us ; but I must tell the great news to Miss Oonagh and the major and madam' ; but as he spoke the last words he checked himself with a sudden recollection of poor madam's deep and hope less sorrow, when, striking the table with his hand, he added, bitterly, 'but, what am I thinking of ! Poor madam ! Oh, that ever, I should live to see this day !' : And then a silence, even in the midst of their .triumph, fell upon them, and the two mothers in particular felt each a great fount of pity well up within her bosom for that other unhappy mother whose miserable .con solation now lay in- the fact that he; her pnly: son-^andshe was a widow— had so' soon escaped from the disgrace into which he had ; been entrapped, even though it had been into the cold, dark refuge of the grave. ; /.B.ut^Dick;' wbisperesd; Nora to her hus band appealingly, breaking the stillnes first, and liftinga pair of tearful eyes to his — 'oh, Dick! Miss Oonagh will soon now be leaving Ireland ,for ever, and. we were such happy little children together not so long ago. And oh, Dick! Dick! won't you promise to let me see her before she goes ?' ' To be sure I will,' replied Dick heartily. ' When your father returns he' will tell us what the arrangements are for her departure, and to whatever port she embarks from you may depend upon it I will take you, that you may see your' dear young mistress and play mate, and say good-bye to her for the last time.' ? ! , ' And now,,' said the, Clonmel man, pushing back his chair, and ? breaking up the circle,: ' early to bed and early to rise is my present motto ; for we must be off from this atdawn.( I long to have my little Sophy reminding me; to say grace and foaming my ale for me once; more, for I have taken' on the head of this; money, as you must all confess, far and away! more than ' a shoemaker's holiday.' ' i (To le, continued.) , : 