SHANDON BELLS. By WILLIAM BLACK, AUTHOR OF "MACLEOD OF DARE," &C.;, &C.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chatter XX.—Some Correspondence. Yes; there was no doubt of it; during the months that had elapsed since his hurried visit to Cork, Kitty's letters had grown much more cold, or a least much more reserved and matter-of-fact; while now and again there was a tone of dissappointment running through them, which he had striven to over look at the moment. Now, as he re-read them, with this glorious prospect—this near and shining future—before him, he sought for reasonable explanations and excuses, and easily found them. The spring had been wet and boisterous, and Kitty's spirits were readily affected by the weather and its discom forts. Then she had had a good deal of travel ling, and that would account for the curtness of some of the notes, Kitty being ordinarily a most profuse letter writer. And then again the news that he had it in his power to send her was not of the most cheering description —though he had tried to put the best face possible on matters. Altogether, looking over these letters again, and regarding them by this new light, he could find nothing disquieting in them; on the contrary, they were cpiite natural in the circumstances : the question w as, how would Kitty write now ? He could not doubt how she would answer his appeal. The summer was coming on with all its beautiful new hopes, new desires, new possibilities. During that winter Kitty had again and again, and not at all to his sorrow, pretty plainly hinted that she was dissatisfied with her present way of living. It had become distressingly monotonous. There were no am bitious hopes to lure her on. Only once had she expressed herself as being pleasedjjwith her surroundings, and that was on aj pro fessional visit to Dublin, where, instead of having to go to the usual lodgings, she had been the guest, along with Miss Patience, of the wife of a manager of a theatre there; and that lady had introduced Kitty to a number of people, and made her life a little more cheer ful for a time. Then she had to return to the provinces, and to miserable rooms, and the fatigues of travelling; and, as the weather happened to be exceptionally bad, it was no wondershe should growtired or even querulous at times. And when people are disheartened, they do not write any long playful letters, full of pretty sentiment and pleasant humor. How could Kitty be cheerful and amusing with her fingers benumbed with the cold, hex feet wet, and adverse winds blowing the smoke down the chimney? But now all this would be altered. There would be no more need for letters. Kitty herself would be there to talk to, to talk, and submit to be teased. And what happy excur sions would there be on the clear summer mornings, wandering about Chelsea to fix on their future and permanent home. As for himself, he would not choose, even in imagina tion, until Kitty should come over. She ought to have her share of the responsibility. And what her eyes approved, he did not think he should find much fault with. That anxiously awaited letter was a long while in coming, many and many a time, when he heard the postman ascending the stair outside, had his heart beat quick only to be disappointed. But at last it came, and to his astonishment he found on the back of the envelope the name of a Killarney hotel. He hastily opened it—the letter was written on hotel paper—in fact, there was an engraving of Lough Leane at the head of the page! How had Kitty got there ? She had not said a word of any such intention. Breathlessly he ran his eyes over the various sheets—for this time Kitty had written at length—hoping to find some phrase decisive of her reply. She had got his letter evidently; but nowhere was there any positive acquiescence or positive refusal so far as he could gather from that hurried and uncertain glance. And so—with more dread of disappointment than actual disap pointment—and still with some trembling hope—he forced himself to read the letter systematically through. "My dear Willie—Your letter has fol lowed me here, and I will never forgive you for not having driven me to go to Killarney many a day ago. I suppose it was all because of your jealousy; you wanted to bring me here yourself, as if the place belonged to you! And the idea of my having been many a time at Limerick, and Mallow, and Cork; the idea of my having had to sing the Killarney song in the panorama without even having been to this paradise ! I suppose I thought it was too familiar because I know all the places in the photographs in the windows ; but neither they nor the panorama, nor any thing else could have tola me of the charm of this beautiful neighborhood. We were out last night in a boat, there was no moon, but the stars were lovely. We rowed to Innis fallcc, and I sung one or two songs—the sound was so strange when we got near the island, I was wondering whether the ghosts in the abbey would hear. What a beautiful night it was. Of course you are asking what brought me here. Well, dear Willie, I have had a great deal of bother, and some hard work of late, and I had thought I had earned a little holi day ; and everybody said we ought to go to Killarney in the spring, and Miss Patience and I have done it as cheaply as we could. Where in the world could we have come to for such perfect peace and rest? Tliis hotel is nearly empty ; when we went to Muckross Abbey and the Tore Cascade and all round there, we were quite by ourselves, and when we go out on the lake there are no tourists anywhere. The day we arrived, however, there was a fearful tempest. I said to myself, Goodnessgraciou3, is this Killarney ?_ I thought Killarney was always quite still, with moon light on it (as it was in the panorama). The wind and the rain were dreadful, the moun tains were quite black except when the clouds crossed and hid them, and the waves on the lake smashed on the rocks at Innisfallen and sprung up in foam just like the sea. But now everything is quiet and lovely, and I feel as if this was the Vale of Avoca that I should like to rest in, with the friends I love best; only I suppose there never i3 rest like that for everybody, trouble is the police man that steps in and orders you to move on. "Dear Willie, I feel quite afraid to begin and try to answer your letter, for I know you won't understand what I mean about it. I entirely agree with you about a private life—it has been the wish of my heart for many a day; I am quite tired of the annoyances of my public one People think it a fine easy thing to earn your living by merely singing songs; I wish they knew what hard work and uncertain work it is. Of course one's vanity is pleased some times, when you have nice things said to you, or when the audience is very enthusiastic; but what a temporary thing that is! When I stayed with Mrs. _Milroy in Dublin I was quite delighted with the little occupations and visits, and amusements with which they passed the time ; and I know that would suit me; and as for your suggestion that I might some day regret giving up this kind of life, you might have saved yourself all the arguing against it; it is the last thing I Jcnow that will ever occur to me, and I should be ready this minute to give it up if I could do so safely. "People never do get what they want, I suppose; and I suppose it is better for them in the long run. And for you to think, just now, when you are making a path for your self that will lead to future fame, of hamper ing yourself in the way you propose—well, I can understand your dreaming of it, for you were always so romantic and strange in your notions, but I have got worldly wisdom enough for both of us, and I can see what a pity it would be. When you want a clear way for your genius, you tie all this domestic anxiety round your neck! Consider how pre carious you would be. That old lady might die at any moment, and then ! I am afraid, dear Willie, that your literary pros pects by themselves wouldn't warrant you in doing as you propose; and do you know I, for one, am not so sorry there should be such difficulty and hard work, for if there was not wouldn't everybody be at it, and where would be the glory of making a name for yourself if everybody could step in and do it? I know you distrust your powers; I don't, and I should think myself mean and unscrupulous if I allowed my private wishes to interfere with your future. I know some day you will have reason to thank me. Was it not me who sent you away from that miserable little office in Cork to take the place that your genius entitles you to. I as good as said— Go wliere glory waits tliee, But while Fame elates thee, Oh! still remember me ! When the praise thou meetest To thine ear is sweetest, Oh! then remember me! I know you always laugh at my poetry, but I like poetry that one can understand, that has common sense in it; and there i3 common sense in that. I expect great things of you; and so would the world if it knew as much as I did; and it seems to me that with gifts such as yours you have no right to throw up your career, or at least seriously hamper it for the mere gratification of a piece of romance. But that was always like you, Willie. You look at things in such a strange way. You don't seem to value things as other people do; and you don't appeal1 to consider it is your duty to get on in the world and make money and security for your old age. I have seen what money can do; what good you can do with it; how independent it makes you. I believe if it had not been forme you would have kept on in Cork, simply because you had the chance of living a half-sailor, half-gamekeeper life at Inislieen; and you would never have thought of the time when you would no longer be able to go after rock-pigeon. And so, dear Willie, you must try and be a little less romantic in the meantime, and do justice to the gifts you have; and by-and-by you will thank me and say that everything has been for the best. "Kow I know you have misunderstood me —and you are angry, in your wild way, and accuse me of being mercenary—me! I have never had enough money to know what mer cenariness was—and of course you are im patient that everything can't come about just as if it were a story-book. Alas! I wish it could; and everybody be satisfied; but there is always trouble, even to those who make the strongest fight against the inclinations of their heart, and try to do the best for every one around them. Just imagine me lecturing you like this! And yet you know, dear Willie, that you are too poetical, and so I must be the commonplace person—even here, with Killarney before me. There was a dreadful accident to the coach as we were coming. There is a steep hill some miles before you get here, and one of the two horses fell, and the force of the coach dragged it along, and the poor beast's knees were horrible to look at. It just managed to walk the distance, though I thought every moment it would go down. But what a fine thing it must be to have a carriage and one's own horses, and drive all through these beautiful places, quite at your leisure, and without a thought for the future. Just fancy not having to care a farthing whether June or August is near or far off; nothing but to enjoy the pre sent moment; and drive from one hotel to another, irrespective of time and without a thought about the cost. I think people who can have such happiness to themselves ought to he very kind to other people. I know I should try to be. I can imagine myself driving through the country like that; and if there was any trouble, it would be the thought that I could not make all the poor people one might meet just as contented as oneself. One might meet, who knows, some young fellow going away from his sweetheart, forced by fate, and very much troubled about his prospects; and a letter of introduction or something might save misery. But these are all idle dreams; and one must take the world as it is. " I am so glad that that kind old lady has again befriended you; and hope that some thing substantial and permanent may come of her friendship for you; but even if these hopes are disappointed, I am convinced you did right in going away to London. Genius such as yours is_a trust. You had no right to waste your time fishing and boating and shooting. Even if it were to be decided by fate that you and I were never to meet again, do you not think I should watch your career, of which I am far more certain than you are ?. Of course, I don't say that success is to come all at once. I do believe you are working your best; though I don't think from what you say that that Scotch artist—I thought the Scotch were so practical—does you any good. I suppose he thinks it would be romantic to live in a garret: and if I was a bare foot lassie perhaps it would; but now again you will accuse me of mercenariness just because I have to talk common sense. I don't believe there's anybody in the world cares less for money than 1 do; but I see what money can do, and how it gives people time to be thoughtful and kind to those around them ; and in any case I am not going to be the one to wreck such a career as you have before you, Scotchman or no Scotch man. " I have been so much occupied here that I forget whether I thanked you for the volume of political speeches that you sent Miss Patience; but at all events I was asked, and intended to do so, with her best compliments. The book seems to be highly appreciated; she has scarcely stirred out since we came here. As ;for our stay here, that is quite un certain ; but I am in love with the scenery it is far prettier and not as grand or wild as I expected, and you know I prefer quietness to Alpine terrors), and I shall tear myself away with great regret. We make our way on to Limerick, where I have four concerts—the old mill-wheel again after this paradise. So, dear Willie, you need not write here if you are writing, but to the post office, Limerick, and I shall expect a letter saying that you know I am acting in the best kindness, and laying myself open to the (charge of being a money-grasping young woman (which is ab surd you know, for if I was, where is there any to grasp?) when all I want is to act prudently for you and for me. Good-bye, dear Willie, if there's any one wishes you a speedily secure position and great fame and reputation such as you deserve, there's no one wishes that more heartily than your affectionate "Kitty. " P.S.—Thursday morning. Dearest Willie, this letter does read so business- like that I am ashamed of it; and yet I can't burn it, and have to go all over the arguments again. It quite wore out my small brain last night; and there were such difficulties too—such in terruptions—that it seems all confused. I meant it to be so kind; and it reads like a school-book, Sever mind, Willie, you know I am not mercenary; and tiiat no one wishes you to get on more heartily than I do. I meant the letter to be very kuid indeed; and at least you will be pleased that I am delighted with Killarney. Good-bye. The morning is lovely, and we are just going out for a row." "Going out for a row?" he repeated mechanically to himself. Who were going out for a row ? Miss Patience, according to Kitty's own showing, scarcely stirred out of the hotel at all. And what were they doing there ? How had he heard nothing about it ? What did all this mean—about the trouble of the world, and the sacrifice of one's inclina tions, and a future for him of which she was the distant spectator? He read the letter over again, in a bewildered sort of way. It was not like Kitty—it was not like the wilful, petulant, loving and teasing Kitty at all. It is true that her letters had for some time past been reserved—occasionally hurried and curt; but here was a long rambling letter laying bare all her thoughts, and it did not sound as if it was Kitty who was speaking. And was she laying bare all her thoughts 1 he asked himself. Was it her great regard for his future fame that caused her to refuse liis appeal—an appeal that seemed to him to be so simple and natural and opportune ? Then he eagerly grasped at the notion that perhaps his abrupt proposal had startled her. This was but maiden coyness. She had been alarmed by the definite request that she should come over and be married and occupy these humble apartments until a more suitable dwelling could be chosen. These rambling arguments of hers were a mere girlish trick of fence. Modesty was sheltering itself be hind the guise of prudence. And he could have laughed at Kitty's imploring him to be lieve that she was was not mercenary—as if it were likely he could suspect her of that. Still there was something very strange and disquieting in the tone of this letter; and when he sat down to answer he experienced the novel sensation of being afraid. Afraid of Kitty ! If he could have caught her by both hands he would not have been afraid. But that was the mischief of it—the great distance between them. That was why he was afraid—afraid of the misunderstandings that letters cause. He wrote hurriedly; he seemed to have so much to say and wished to say it all at once, and moreover he muct needs write in good spirits if he would drive away her despondency. "My darling Kitty—I have received your extraordinary letter. It does not sound as if you had written it at all. Why are you so serious? What has frightened you? Are you the same Kitty that when I first came to London used to write every day nearly, 'Make liastc—make haste; for I love you so J' And now there is not a word of love in this long letter; but a great deal of down-hearted ness and fear and political economy and Ben jamin Franklin sort of wisdom. And then, my pretty-eyed philosopher, your facts area little askew. You accuse me of being too poetical; and if to love you is to be romantic and poetical, I will admit the charge. But if you mean that I allow poetry or anything else to interfere with my care for the future, you are all wrong. You don't know how rigidly I've saved up every possible penny since I came to London. I don't go taking holidays at Killarney; when I have to go for a journey it's all because of a wicked young woman who won't be reasonable and sensible and come and be married at once. And really and seriously, Kitty, what have you to fear ? I have £110 saved; and £200 a year is quite enough to make a start with in a quiet way; and if things go better, won't you be rather glad in after life that you and I were to gether in the poorer time ? You talk about my being precarious (your English, Miss Kitty, has not been improved by the Killarney air), but is not everything and everybody more or less so ? You are like Miss Patience, thinking that literature is so pre carious a profession because a tile might fall on your head, from a roof. No doubt this old lady might die; but so might you, or I; and surely, since life is so uncertain, common sense would counsel you to make the best of it while you may. Life is not such a very long thing; youth is still shorter; and surely when two people love each other, and have a little faith in the future, and a reasonable security in the present, even Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard, Catherine Romayne, and similar philosophers might admit that it would be unwise to throw away a certain happiness on the chance of some good to come. It seems so strange to have to talk to you like this, Kitty, even as a joke. I can scarcely believe this letter of yours to be serious. Who was it who declared that she could live on nothing; who implored me never to leave her; who asked me to 'live in her heart, and pay no rent?' And all that happened little more than a year ago. What has changed her so in so short a time ? "I know. They say that once in every seven years on a beautiful summer morning, just at sunrise, the O'Donoghue of the Lakes comes down from his magic home in the mountains, riding a white horse, and accom panied by fairies. He rides across Lough Leane, and wherever he goes on the dry land all his old possessions and splendor appear again; and when he has seen that everything is right he sets out home again. Now no doubt you have heard that, if you have courage enough, you can go with him, and cross Lough Leane dry shod, and accom pany him to his home in the mountains, where, before bidding you good-by, he will present you with part of his buried treasure. Have I found you out Miss Kitty ? Are you watching for the O'Donoghue of the Lakes ? Is that why your small head is stuffed with 'mercenariness?' Are you so anxious to be rich and drive through the country with a carriage and pair that you get up every morning at that hotel before sunrise and wander away down to the lake side and look across and watch for the white horse and its rider ? Is that the peculiar charm you have found in Killarney ? And of course the want of sleep and the going about so much alone, and the witchery of the whole thing have dazed you a little and made you apprehen sive, so that I can scarcely believe that it is you who are speaking to me. " My dearest Kitty, you must really throw aside these unreasonable fears—you, who used to be so fearless, too! If you are afraid to take such a decisive step as coming to London by yourself, I will come over and fetch you. I am entitled to a long holiday. Dearest Kitty, how would it do for me to come over and meet you at Limerick, and stay there long enough to be married, and go back over the Killarney route? Iam confident I could take you to beautiful places you are nob likely to find on the ordinary tourist route. Write — no, telegraph one word— 1 Yes'—that can't take up much of your time, and I will come over at once. And then, you see, as one must be practical and busi ness- like in order to please you, getting mar ried in that quiet way would be very inex pensive ; you would have no white silk gown to buy, and I should have no lockets to get for the bridesmaids. Now, Kitty, take heart of grace, and telegraph at once. If you telegraph from Killarney, I will go right on to Limerick and wait for you there. Don't think about it, do it; if yousit down and begin to make out all sorts of calculations, as if you were the secretary of a life insurance com pany, of course you will arrive at no decision at all, but only plunge yourself in gloom. What a trip that will be if you only say 'Yes !' If you went by Bandon and Dunmanwaywewillcome backbylnchigeelah, and of course we shall go down to Inisheen— and perhaps to the stream there some moon light night, just to let Don Pierna and the rest of them know that you had not quite for gotten. You have not quite forgotton, Kitty ? I had the date engraved on the ring you gave me, and then I grudged the expense, for it was useless. There are some things that are graven on my heart; they become a part of you—you can put them away from you only when you put life away, and I do not think that either of us is likely to forget the vow of that night. "Well, now, Kitty, the inhuman wretch who occupies the quaint small house by the river that I told you of still remains in it; I often take a turn round that way to see if there is not a board up: but no, the wretched limpet still clings to his shell. Never mind; we shall have plenty of time to walk about and pick out a comfortable little place for ourselves; for, you see, I can always use the fine mornings for walking out, and shift on my work to the time of rain. And then, , when we give ourselves a whole holiday, Kitty, there is no end to the beautiful, quiet places one can get to from this neighborhood. I have explored them all; and_ the whole time I was thinking, ' I know Kitty will be charmed with this place; and I am certain she never could have been here before. Scarcely anybody knows what beautiful se questered spots there are in Richmond Park alone. Then, you see, Kitty, by taking those furnished rooms to begin with, you will be able to fall into housekeeping ways by de grees ; and we shall taxe plenty of time to choose a pretty small house, and put things into it just as we want them. You will be surprised at the knowledge I have acquired of the prices of tables and chairs and carpets; and Ross—that is your Scotch friend—has promised, when the great time comes, to present you with a tea service of old black Wedgwood that he picked up some where in, Surrey, anc\ that is about the only thing of value that he po33C33cs. Juat fancy your sitting in state at your own tea-table ia your own house. 4 Will you have another cup of tea, Mr. Ross V 4 No, thank you, my dear Mrs. Fitzgerald, but if you would sins another of those Irish songs, that is what I would like to have.' Then you go to the piano ; of course we must hire a piano the very first thing, for you are not going to forget your music, Miss Kitty, when you enter upon domestic slavery. And what about' The Minstrel Boy' for our Scotchman ? Or will you make him cry with 4 Silent, oh, Moyle!' Or do you think he will care as much for 4 The bells of Shandon' as we do ? I think not. He does not know cer tain associations. He cannot recall the white Sunday mornings; and the quietude of the country walks; and Kitty declaring that she should never have the courage to marry any body, and that her proper role in life was to be an old maid. 44 Come now, Kitty! You have a tremen dous courage when you like. Pull yourself together. If Miss Patience is preaching political economy tell her to go to the mis chief. I am thinking of your eyes when you meet me—at Limerick. Will you be shy and coquettish? Or will you be imperious and riding the high horse! I know you can be in any mood you choose; and the mood I would have you choose is that of the Kitty of the old, beautiful, love-sweetened days, not this timid, fearing business-like Kitty whom I don't know a bit. Who wrote, 4 Just tell them there's a poor girl in Ireland who is breaking her heart for your sake!' I know whatever troubles you may be thinking of now every thing will look quite bright and hopeful when I get hold of your shoulders and chal lenge your eyes to do anything but smile. So no more of your despondency, you pretty black-eyed tiny sweetheart; but one word, and the expenditure of one shilling; and then don't bother your head any more about it until you see me at Limerick. Then I will take command of you, and be responsible for you; and we will together make short work of your economical fears. 4 4 This from one who knows you and loves you far too well to believe in your want of courage; and who sends no other messages, or kisses, or anything of the kind—for he is bringing them. 44 W. F." He went out, and walked rapidly to the pillar letter-box, and posted the letter; there seemed so little time to lose. And then he walked back more slowly, wondering if he had said everything likely to entice Kitty to a decision. Just as he was entering the courtyard the postman came along with the second morning delivery, and he had two letters for Fitz gerald. Master Willie took them with little interest (for he was still thinking of the phrases he had used in the appeal sent over the sea), and opened them leisurely as he was going up the stair. And yet the first of these read oddly enough— 44 Dear Mr. Fitzgerald—I wonder if you could spare me a few minutes- to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, before you leave the house. Or, if that is inconvenient, any other evening will do; but to-morrow evening I am. 3ure to be at home. I only want a few minutes' talk with you.—Yours faithfully, "Maky Chetwyxd." He could not imagine what Miss Chetwynd could have to say to him; but as nothing further was to be made out of the letter, he put it in his pocket. The next that he opened was written on the notepaper of an hotel in Venice. 44 Dear Fitz—It is an age since I heard anything of you; and I have seen so few English periodicals that I have no means of telling how you are getting on. Well, I hope; you have enthusiasm; good health; and an insatiable thirst for work. Pactolus will flow your way sooner or later. The beast of a stream doesn't flow my way—quite the re verse ; it flies at my approach—hence these tears. The fact is I am temporarily very hard up, and awkwardly situated, as well. I can't explain, but you may guess; and so, to get out of these embarrassments, I have taken a liberty which I know you won't mind, for it can't cause you any inconvenience. I have drawn a bill on you at three months for £150; and if you would have the goodnature to accept it on presentation, you would do me a great service; and of course you will suffer no harm, for it will be taken up long before that. It is merely the use of your signature for a few weeks that I want; and I shan't forget your friendliness; on connai I'ami au besoin. 44 How is the Lady Irmingarde; and how are the little ringlets round her ears ? Be a good boy, and marry the young damsel de cently and honorably before the jides pudica— I do not write Punica and mean no such, thing—begins to show the strain of time and distance; and then you will settle down into proper domestic ways, and run no risk of fetting into scrapes either at home or abroad. hope Gifford gives you plenty to do; two guineas are much too little; but I suppose you make it help. Scobell has turned out to be a mean fellow ; I always suspected guinea pigs. -Yours faithfully, " Hiltox Clarice." He went down the steps again and knocked at Ross's door. " Come in." He entered and found the Scotchman smoking an after-breakfast pipe, seated oppo site a picture and staring "at it, but with neither brushes nor palette in his hand. "There!" said Fitzgerald, triumphantly handing him the letter. "Didn't I tell you so ?" Ross read the letter through deliberately, and handed it back. " Well ?" said he, "I always thought him a scoundrel. Now I think him an impudent scoundrel. What more ?" " I tell you he is nothing of the kind," said Fitzgerald, indignantly. "Don't you see from that letter that he does not think he has done me any injury ? I told you so. I told you there were people who otherwise might be admirable enough, but who simply wanted that sixth sense about money matters "That sixth sense," saidB.033, angrily. "And did not I tell you not to go and confuse things by calling common honesty a sixth sense ? If a scoundrel in the street picks my pocket, I do not think about any sixth sense; I give him into the hands of the nearest policeman." " But you Scotchmen are too literal, and so exacting. You won't believe in a man having any virtues unless he has them all. Now thi3 man was exceedingly good-natured; he was very friendly to me; I am certain he does not think at this minute that he did me any wrong; he simply has no conscientiousness on that one point " " It's a want of conscientiousness that has landed many a poor wretch in gaol, who had far greater excuses than that idling selfish creature," said John Boss. " Man, I thought he had opened your een. I thought it was the one good turn he had done ye. I thought he had given ye a lesson. And now I suppose ye'll go and sign this bill; and you'll believe he'll pay it; and the end will be—ten pounds to one is the bet I will put on it—I'm saying I will bet ten pounds to five shillings—that not one farthing of that money will come out of anybody's pocket but your own if ye put your name on the back of the paper." He knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and continued, still more angrily— " Man, ye do not deserve to have a young lass waiting for ye—away over there in Ireland, waiting for ye—and you to talk about throwing away your money on a scoundrel like that——" " But wait a minute, Boss; I'm not going to do anything of the kind. I would not accept a bill, or back it—the fact is I don't know what the proper phrase is—for any human being. I've seen results of it over in our district; the Coursing Club showed me that. And indeed," added Fitzgerald, going forward to look at the picture, " I may soon have need of all the money I can get. There is just a—a—possibility of my setting up house in a small way by-and-bye." "Ay? Well, that's better news. That's sensible. But don't turn the mill too hard. You were at work early this morning." "At work?" said Fitzgerald, staring; "I have not been at work at all. I haven't had any breakfast yet, by the way." "Then what was all that stumping up and down for ?—I thought ye were hammering out an epic poem." " Oh," said Fitzgerald, vaguely remember ing that he might have paced up and down the room in his eagerness to get persuasive phrases. " I was only writing a letter." "It must have been a terrible business," said the other grimly. "So it is," said Fitzgerald, perhaps a trifle absently, " to convince one who is at a great distance from you, in a letter. It is difficult— and disheartening at times." Boss glanced at him keenly. " Things are not going quite right, then?" said he. "Oh yes," answered Fitzgerald, with a forced cheerfulness, " Oh, yes. Quite right. Oh, yes, I think "everything is going quite right; and by-and-bye I hope you will have theaopportunity for presenting the Wedgwood tea-cups with a pretty speech. Of course, letter writing is a roundabout kind of way of arranging anything; it is difficult to explain, and to persuade, and one is so apt to tako wrong impressions from a letter. Especially a girh you see, who is nervous and anxiam and afraid to trust her own judgment in taking a5 decided step. Any one can under stand that". Then—then—then it is very hard and difficult to write, ycu see; for if you are too serious, she may think you are alarmed, and she may prefer the safety of remaining as she is; and again, if you are too cheerful in trying to raise her spirits, she may think thac the immediate necessity for coming to a decision eannot possibly be near. It is so much better to see the—the person. But this time, Boss—I don't mind telling you—I have made a very definite proposal. I should not wonder if I were to leave London this very week—and come back with a wife." " Good luck to ye, then. Bow I can under stand, there's no fear o' your letting that fellow have any more o' your money." " Of course," said Fitzgerald, handing him the other letter, " that may have something to do with it." Boss glanced over Miss Chetwynd's brief note. "Whatever the matter is, it is important," said Fitzgerald. " She has never asked me to see her like that before. Perhaps they are tired of the present arrangement. Perhaps they think it costs too much; or they may want to have some one else. Well, well," he said more cheerfully, "if it is so, let it be so. One can live somehow. I am not going to break my heart about that." " Are ye coming out for a stroll, then ?" " Indeed no. I am going to get some breakfast, and then set to work on another article on the Irish Ballads. It's wonderful with what heart you work when you know the work is going to he paid for." " It's no common experience wi' me," said Boss, drily. Fitzgerald was whistling to himself as he went up the steps again. It was not the pos sibility of his losing that chief means of livilihood that would daunt him. Bow his mind was full of far other concerns, and he was forcing himself to believe the best. When was the white day to come. At Limerick, at Inchigeelab, on the Black water, on the Shannon, he and she together would think hut little of what had happened or might happen in London. Might they not find a four-leaved shamrock somewhere in the still summer woods 1 He worked away at this essay ou the Irish ballads with great apparent cheerfulness. When he stamped up and down, as was his wont, sometimes he hummed the air of one or ether of the old songs he was transcribing. But when he came to Kathleen O'More— "My own little Kathleen, my poor little Kathleen, my Kathleen O'More"—he did not get on so quickly. Perhaps there was some chance association—or the bit of likeness be tween the names; hut it seemed difficult to him to copy these lines. And at last the pen was pushed aside, and his head fell forward on his clasped hands. Why was Kitty at Killamey; and why was she so cold, and speaking in a voice that seemed far away and strange, and not close, and tender, and familiar as in the old and bappy time ? She could not have forgotten Inisheen! (To be continued.) 