SPORTING NOTES. By "Newmarket." In our ndvertismg eolnmns will be seen toe programme of the Y.R.G. Spring Meeting, a notice of which Appeared in a previous issue, the only alteration beinfe: to&t; the Melbourne Cup will be run for on the, 31st of October, instead of early in November, as heretofore. The unceriaean weather ho doubt prevented mhy from attendixig toe race meeting, which was held on Saturday last, at Kensington' Park, therefore _ the attendance was only moderate. Businere commenced with the Hurdle Raoe, which attraoted a field of five hordes, and was won by Mr. A. Saqni's Red Light, with Mr. F. Xieng's Baladin second, and Mr. J. Parson's Flying Jim third. The contest for the Pony Handicap Hurdle Race was perhaps one of the most interesting events ever witnessed, toe result being in dembt from toe fall of toe flag until toe bear- ing of toe judge's fiat,' which was that " Jo , had won by a hose from Blue Bonnet." So fay woe these pair from the xest of the field, that none of the otherfi were placed. Miss'1 Jane was made a fa vourite for the May Handicap at 7 to 4 on her, bnt although she tried hard at the finish, she had to give way to Rebeoca, who won by a good length, Jjckjhinvar being, a poor third. Sally, wlio was made a hot - favourite for toe Galloway Handicap; by sheer pluck' managed to beat her most for midable opponent, JSstheta, by half a length, sftet a hEmS-to'bhUtl ms-to fill toe wtfy fip 1 the straight, Burveyor being a poor third. Out of thirty horses entered for the Free Handicap, only three came to the post ; but though the number contesting was small, the interest waB well sustained throughout, toe finish between Master Gox, on Miss Jane, and Master Heywood, on Rebecea,- being one of the greatest treats of the Reason, Master Cox just managing to squeeze Miss jane past the winning-post in toe fost stride by a bare head. Too much praise cannot be accorded to Master Cox, who, by his resolute riding, just managed to snatch the Victory from Rebecca, much to the surprise of all present. Thus concluded one of the ; best meetings held at Kensington Park for some tirmw Satisfactory entries have been received for the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting, to be held on the 24th met. .The Hurdle Race has eleven horses engaged. The Queen's Birth day Stakes has the large entry of twenty-seven, including . toe names of Laxpent, The Ghost, and the Western district mare Duelleter, and should pro duce a close and interesting finish. For the Steeplechase seven horses have been entered, all of which are likely to face toe' starter. Otoe Corinthian Race has an entry of eleven, and will, enabled some of our amateurs to distinguish themselves in the pigskin The Selling Race has seven en gaged, while twenty-six are in the Flying Stakes j so, therefore, there is every reason to expect a capital day's sport on Her Majesty's next birthday. The Victorian Trotting Club have prudently withdrawn their programme, which was fixed for the 3rd of June, the committee fearing that the newly-prepared ground would not be in good condition for trotting at midwinter. In doing so, I think that the committee have, acted wisely, as the ground requires time to solidify. The next programme, which will be competed for some time in January next, will contain one of the largest -prizes ever offered for a trotting race out of America, when it is expected that horses will be attracted from the land of the stars and stripes to com- pete for toe V. T. Club's Mastodon Free for All. The sum of £3,523 passed through the totalisator on the first day of the South Australian Jockey Club's Autumn Meeting, which was held on Saturday last, all of which, less 2 J per cent, commission, goes back into the public purse, instead of into the pockets of a few bookmakers, thus show ing the wisdom of legalising the totalisator. Out of the total, £612,' which passed through the "recorder" for toe Hurdle Race, only seven were on toe winner, each investor of a single pound receiving £80 173., or odds of over 79 to 1. Again in toe South Australian Stakes, the machine was patronised to the extent of £877, and investors received £10 2s,, or odds of over 9 to 1, which was more than donfole toe odds to be obtained from the bookmakers. For. the St. Leger, there was £1,057 in the totalisator, shareholders re ceiving £1 19s. Of the £977 in the totali sator for toe Flying .Handicap, backers of Baron von Mueller, the winner, received £4 13s. for each pound invested. W. Solly, the jcpkey who rode Satellite in toe Hurdle Race run at5 the late Sydney Turf Club Meeting, was fined 40s. and costs at the Water Police-court for unmercifully using the whip when Satellite refused to jump, being the first case of the kind that Las come under the iiotice of the Court. The presiding magistrates acted "with leniency, but the next offence of the kind will be met with severe punishment. The long-talked-of trotting match between Mr. Kelso's New Chimt and Mr. Gannon's Paddy took dace on toB Randwick race course on Saturday last . The distance was three miles, and toe stake £1,000, New Cham, who was allowed 200 yards start, showed marked superiority over Paddy, and won easily by about 150 yards, ip 3mi|su 47sec. So much interest centered m the contest, that over 2,000 persons were present. Mr. Kelso steered his own horse, and Paddy wa3 ridden by Yeomans. Another match, both to start level, is spoken of. The sale of the Grange Queensland) horses, conducted by. Mr. Noyes, was not near so successful as was antibimted, The Brisbane . Telegraph says ;— "-Legerdemain, by Epigram — Legend, was bought in at £475. Lot after lot was passed in until lot 27 — Sunderland, by Laureate — Sundial— was reached, and he was knocked down to Messrs. Elliot, Leth- bridge, and Elliot for 120 guineas, i Felix, Index, and I&mbo; were then sold for 43/ 47, and 20 guineas to Messrs. Tuckett, W. Logan, and W. White respectively. After several other lots were passed in, Iris, by Epigram — Irene, went for 51 guineas to Mr. G. T. Bell. Foxiana, a fine bay fiUy. by Melbourne — Foxglove, was sold to Mr. Turner for 61 guineas. Clarinda, a brown filly, by Mel- ,<bourne — Clara, went cheap to Mr. H. Barker ! for 31 guineas ; as also a brown filly . by Mel- ! bourne — Skittles, to Mr. White, for 25 guineas. Two mares that had been before passed in were now again brought out, one of which, by Kelpie — Irene, was sold to Mr. White for 55 guineas ; and the other, who is by Laureate— Cornelia, went to Mr. Moore for 160 guineas. This concluded the sile,and,we under Stand, the remainder will be sold privately. Xiaureate was then brought forward, but .failed to find a purchaser, andi was passed in at 600 guineas. We understand that 1,000 guineas is his reserved price. A' number of mareS; fiHies, ete., from Buaraba, were then offered, and„most of them changed hands at very fair prices." Mr. J. Abrahams has become the owner of Saunterer, who trill; in future, be under the f ostering care of J. Cook, of Clarendon. The Western Grazier writing of toe Wil- cannia meeting, states that an incident occurred during toe recent races which showed that tori irregularities are put a stop to in Wilcannia with a firmness that is not always exhibited elsewhere. Previously to too meeting, the stewards had been led to helieve that toe bay gelding Andrew, described jot a maiden by Mr. J. Q'Loughian in his entry for toe two principal events, the Wil cannia Handicap and toe W.J.G. Handicap, was Dot really the animal he was represented to be. Acting on this suspicion, the owner of the registered brand which the horse bore was communicated with, fwith the result that the horse was clearly proved to identical vrith Bulgaria, by Bulgimbar, a winner in numerous previous events. When called tfj&n; for an fixpfoKiBhs, Mr. OIfcfcgmtfn , o - . mifcted toe horse to be Bulgaria, bnt slated that he had been bought on his behalf by his brother, and that he himself bad been un aware until that very morning ! that an incorrect description ,had feeen given when the entry was made. The stewards, how ever, decided that the eyidento as to Mr. O'Loughlah's want of ;)fege on the subject wps ansa tisfaetoiy, ano therefore dis qualified him for ever from entering, riding, or training horses on the. Wilcannia course. "waB also permanently disqualified. ; .T"e owner of Charcoal, not being gaiisfied with the manner in which his horse was ridden by Floyd in the S.A. J.C. Hurdle Race on Saturday last, requested toef stewards to investigate the matter, and on Monday that body met and considered the complaint, and came to toe .conciusion that though they thought the horse was ridden injudiciously, there was no proof of fraudulent intent, therefore Floyd was let off with a caution. Uharcoal is a peculiar animal, and requires to be ridden according to s certain method to have a chance to win.- Mr. Bradshaw, the owner, knowing tola, gave Floyd in- etractions how to pilot his horse In toe race, and these orders were most palpably dis obeyed. Owners of horses incur great risks and heavy expenses In training ana travelling their horses, and therefore they should com mand strict obedience from the jockeys, whom they pay well for their services. Last week I was compelled to record toe breaking down of Progress and Duchess, and now another celebrated turf hero has to be added to the list, old Melbourne, by Panto Myth, the winner of the V.R.C. Derby and St. Leger, 1874-5, and many other races, having broken down badly while running for the Warwick Club Handicap, at Queensland. Cremorne, by Oliver Twist, the winner of the Novel Selling Race at the S.A.J.C. Meeting, was purchased by Mr. C. H. Hart for 145 guineas, and will in future be quartered in Adelaide. Mr. C. J. Coates has been made a " life member of the S. A J.C., in recognition of hia many past services in toe interests of sport m that colony. "Nemo," in the Sydney Mail of last Saturday, observes that in order to prevent oonfnsion among backers, it may . be stated that Jessie hSs not been nominated for th« V.R.C. Derby, and also that Elastic is not eligible for nomination for toe next Mel bourne Cu£ Messrs. William G. Yuille and Co. report having said, on account of Mr. Samuel Gardiner, to Mr. R. Kelly Maitland, of India, the. Champion Race winner, _ Gorio- lanqs, by Tubal Gain from Pauline, by -Panic from Kathleen, by Warhawk from Grana wheile (imported),, by Stockwell; also, on account of the same gentleman, to the Rajah of Paikpara, the two-year-old filly Sunny- loeks, by Tubal Gain from thn well-known race mare Sunbeam ; and, on account of Mr. D. S. Wallace, the two- year-old colt K&lo;, by Yattendon from Gipsy Girl," to go abroad. Blue Peter, toe hurdleracer, has been with drawn from Howie's -charge, - and joins M'Phail'e string, at Miners' Rest. The Sydney Turf Club have succeeded in obtaining the use of the Randwick coarse, on the 24th May, and intend holding an anni versary race meeting. The annual meeting of toe ' Bach lan Race Club took place on Friday last. The weather was fine, toe attendance fairly numerous, and the racing good. Sport com menced with toe Maiden Plate, which was won easily by Hermitage, with Glauous second, and Shanghai third. The Hurdle Race (two miles) attracted a good field, and was won by Red Rover (IQst 6lb), Clare .1 ad (10st 41b) being second, and Doolan (lOsfe 71b) third. Heroine, by Hercules — Prestige, landed the Two-j ear-old Race, after a splen did struggle with Queen of Hearts, who was second, and Leo third. The Hfilston Handi cap was won comfortably by Gqy Faux (8st 51b), Evidence (8st 21b) obtaining second place.' with Sauyignon (7st 31b) third ; Touchwood winding up the day's sport by winning the Hurry Scurry. On the second day, the weather was even more enjoyable than on the first, the attend ance also being . better. Guy Faux opened proceedings by winning the "Queen's Plate, John Peel and Sweet Briar respectively filling the places. The Hurdle Race was won by Clare Lad, with Countess second, and Doolan third. The next event ' had the extraordinary name of the Rain Race Handi cap, and was won by Evidence, Contraband and Hector filling the places. The Maiden Plate winner, Hermitage, was again to the fore in the Selling Race, Shanghai a-nd Gratis fighting it \placesi The last . race of the meeting resulted in a splendid struggle between SaVignon, Contraband,' and Hector. The former, lasting longest, won by " a head, Contraband heating Hector by a similar distance for second place. X learn by a Sydney telegram that toe renowned sire Kelpie is now no mere, he having died en; Saturday last at Tocal, where he has been quartered for some considerable time. Kelpie, who was twenty-seven, years , old; was the sire of many winners, including Fireworks, Janitor, Kaled, (te huraoe mare), Secundus, aiL Jessie ; the latter has the distinction of having defeated Navigator, one of the grandest colts of the season. Crfeswick, who is engaged in toe A.R.G. Birthday Cup at 8st 41b, arrived overland from Sydney on Tuesday, and left on Wednesday by the eteamfihip South Austra lian for Adelaide. Mr. A. Davis tooh over Handy Andy, who is engaged in the Hurdle Race at 12st and Birthday Cup at 91b. Mr. T. Wilson was. also a passenger . with the Caulfield Steeplechase winner, Reform, who is entered for both Hurdle Races and the Steeplechase, and if this son of Panic goes as Etraight in Adelaide as he did at Caulfield, he should be about the worst horse to beat in either raee. % fhrksOhyK, who ' had toe misfortuneto put ifis foot "into a hole and wrench one of his fetlocks dome months ago, and has since been enjoying a spell, has been pat Into work dgafo tindet the watcb-< fnl eye of J. Monaghan, and if all goes well, we shall see Mr. Wentworth's gay little. chesnut amohgsfc toe starters for our <bup »» ! October next. ' - . - - \ By all that's high andmigfyvJfow fob should like to know, - tralia will develop toe s has a diamond. mine concealed aaraenfoera about his person. Fetsuch fancy prices are easily obtainable in America. The fimf Qf the Fftus rays:— "Bis ahnoonoRa that Mr. & J. Mwy, of Chicago, has acrid to « flfttHMT TAwij ceWntai trotting etalFwm PwIumwI, by Aimnwtt jhm ibg, Eloggwi, by ifimhmo Chief. The price was 30,000doL fiwimont was of fie most eocohmJoI ituttera of 1SS1, winning toe siallmn nee at Chicago, in which he" beat Santa GlaoB, Bobert IPGvegar, and others, ami also winning all the races in the 8il class ol fie Grand Circuit in which he started. except at Hart ford, where lie was detested by Edwin He was a prime favourite for the B&lch; stallion race, but was not in con dition, and was obliged to snrcnmb to Santa (Hans. Hie mare Happy Dream by Happy Medium was ateo sold to Governor Stanford, and will be bred, ft is stated, to Electioneer." A taofeting match came ofi at BaBarst on Tuesday morning- between Mr. Gbrrse bit Bobby D&zzler; and Mr. Furbers ch m Blossom, at it. Brazuaocos Gatlle-yards, Inn Paddocks m the presence of about 900 peisois. Oviu to the superior condition of Bobbie Dazzler, he beat the mare with comparative esse, al though she was only a length behind at the frmdh, on. sufferance. Xt is probable that another match wiQ be arranged, as_ nritoer owner satisfied with the outcome of this triaL As Ehowing Dm growing value of trotting stock in Victoria, Mr. J. Monday, of Geeiong, has purchased a eolt foal, four months old, by Ton Mioltke, fonr. (imp.), from Polly, for 100 sots. The Sydney Sportsman says: — " Mr. W. H. Kent las sold privately to Mr. J. P. Joet the two-year-old My Legacy, by Epigram — Legend, at a figure approaching £600. Legacy is engsgad in Hie Queensland Turf Clubs Sires" and Mares Produce Stakes, and Hie Ganlneid Guineas, and should well repay her purchase. " The Geeiong B&cing; Ciob will shortly issn the programme for their annnal winter meeting, which will take place either cm Hie hh or osh of August, shortly after the Grand Kation&l; Meeting held at Fiemington. Tnat papular American sportsman, Dr. Weir, leaves for San Francisco on Thursday next to purchase eight of the bet trotting hares; to be obtained in the land of Stars and Steipes," for some sporting gentlemen resident in Melbourne. If all goes well, the doctor will return with the bosses m about six months' time, thus enabling Ids pur chases to take part in Hie next Victorian Trotting Club Meeting. The disqualification of Mr. Cox's horse Phantom for twelve months, and his jockey, T. Thompson, far three years, by Hie' stewards of the Deniiiqom Jockey Club, Wb been endorsed by the Hay Jockey (Hub. The second day of the RAJ.C. Autumn Meeting passed off socaessfally on Thursday last, and, although the weather was dull and threatening, the attendance on the course was large and enthusiastic. The totafisator was extensively patronised, over £6,500 pas sing through " the infallible record " the day. Hie struggle for the (Hip ended in one of the best finishes ever seen in Aus tralia. The race, which was run at a ding- dong pace flmragbou t, was won by a neck by Euclid (by Panic from Proposition), with Commotion, Pollio, and BeQadrum so 1 close together' that the judge was unable to j separate them; then «HWP Topax and First - Wats, the time— 41mm. Sfifsee. — being fairly good. Two casualties occurred in the raee-- ! Bainbow ran against a post, and threw t Cradmril, hie rider, who was rendered insen- 1 sible fox some time ; and last yearns Cup winner, Totalisatar, broke down. His | Kvrritewy Sir William Jervois presented the I Cup, a handsome gold trophy, the gift of Sir I Thomas Elder, to Mr. H. Ffoinpg, the owns ! of Euclid, amid tumultuous diwrin spec tators eniltmg in the victory of one of the favourites. « I have received a areolar containing particulars of Hie proposed Sportsman's (Hob, under whose direction ir is intended to work the totalizator patented by Mr. S. Fr sneks. Hie rules of the dab can be inspected at £7 Elizabeth street. The amount fim? far the half- yearly subscription is only trifling. An English jockey named Saundezscm was ' a passenger by as. Orient, which arrived I from London on Saturday last. Saunderson. > who can scale about 7st, had been employed - in one of Hie leading stables in Yorkshire, - and is said to lave been t&ngbt; the art of ' riding. If so, he will prove a welcome addition to our list of good light- weights. A speculative American horse-dealer con- : signed twenty high-class trotters, together " with sulkies, waggons, horse-clothing, boots, j and other trotting paraphernalia to Honolulu, f thinking that place offered a good market for | the disposal of his lot, but en arrival it was f found that there was some circuity in obtaining even first cost far the animals, thaefoze the owns has written to a friend here asking the advisability of coming on to Australia with His shipment. If the reply Is favourable, they may be expected here in a few weeks time. A sculling mafeh ft to take place on flw Tees on the 3rd at July between Boyd, the Tjue scalier, and Ellas Xnyeook, of Kev South Wales. On Hie 17lh of June the solkre Lorgan and Pearce will contend for supremacy over fie ueuiI on fi VliBwuy. 