SPORTING. A good deal of discussion was occasioned in sporting circles on Friday night, owing to the rumor that the S.A.J.C. had imposed a penalty of 3 lbs. on Rainbow for the Adelaide ?Cup for winning, the A. JC. Corinthian Race, ?and 71ba. on Fictitious in the Goodwood Handicap*, for her victory at Onkapacmga, In Bainbow's case his owner, Mr. Abrahams, .contends that he only won £99, having' to deduct his entrance, 1 sot. from the stake, and in the case of Fictitious, Afr. Aldridge states that he only received £94 after de ?dveti?g hit entjEKoce *od acceptance fees. The S.A.J.C. rule 463) as to theoafcunating of the valueof a prize, sajw—" In estimating the nine of any priie no deduction shall be made, ?except of the-winner's own stake, and of any twtTn s>r ffi" T"g rivi"iri"^ by thff to be paid to other horses in die race out of the itafrip " The Engji* role says— *' In estima ting' the value of a race, there shall be de ducted die amount of the winner's own stake ami entrance, and- any money payable to other horses or out of the stakes by the con ditions of the race, or by the general condf tkmaoC.'the meeting, except discount, clerks' feea, BtaWlmiritTifc, and *nrighing fees." As ihereiras no swepstakes in question, it appears .as&ongh; the committee had affind at ?a ?e&oneons; decision in this inatter, astiie Kqg> Ink ink h specific enough *? mean that there .shall be *t?eu action of the sinner's stake 9%e new AfiiwM9iFcniisSieduoujiic were pre* teutonbotfa*beOidCom?e?ndtt?jiew on Friday, ana the Horses irate Riven a little ex ?reiae. bat did nothing .worthy of special mention. Ordinary work was done by the local *—**"?. and being a fine day both train ing track? presented a scene of activity that vw be repeated with increasing interest ?on mnminff during the ensuing week. TWV, .Alfen^tne manager of the Gtenelg railways, baa agreed toMr. Barnard's sugges tion thattrains shall stop at the Morphett yri?e Coarse ior tfee convenience of trainers and others, on week days, at the following limes line—Dors, 6 aum., 5??!?.,245S ??!?.,245 p.m-; up,&so; jam.. 9.30 a.nu, 4 P.BL ;Korth-terrace liner-Down, 6.53 a.m.; Melt and The Ghost have beea scratchedjforaU A3JC. engagements. Mr. Sterner h? made to the ?rder of the S.AJO, the Adelaide Gold Cap for the jyjtwi^g Anfaip^n 3>^fM?lJ?g l ?nfl hmt tuff |xl pftt Obe cap is of Greek design, claret-shaped, ?and almost without ornamentation, present ing" a substantial and chaste appearance as it stands on its pedestal, some sixteen ?n<-hy* liigh, and enclosed with a glass case. The <3orinttiiaa jCnp, to be presented at tbe same n?—<?*?£, is alio from the -atelier of Mr. Snatner,And is in the form of a very hand some apexgxu? made in AAijaiAm for the Sklboarae Exhibition. It is of sterling alrer, twenty-six inches hiA, anfl represeutii two Arabs and* a camel seek ifegfibeMer from-the rays of the son beneath Ihe foliage of a spreading palm. It is a very -treditaMework of art and is also a valuable -one in a monetary sense. Of tbe "Victorian horses who arrived on ?Thursday, Morrisson's team — Tbe Czar, ?Commotion, Hyacinth, Besiilt, andTrevallyn axe. located at the Broadway Hotel, Kew x^—gig. BaudrawmndCremotne asexttbe Srftam?a xTotd ; Hereford ?Say, Mistaken, and Etoyal Maid are at the Tort Hotel, Park sde; andlntzeoid and Acrobat at Watson's stables, on the Bay-wad. There was not mnch change in the battm; ?on Friday, but the Car has become a firmer favorite for the Adelaide Cap, and Chrysalis and Lacy are the favorites for the Steeple, 