THAT PARROT. \Vould I mind taking my friend's parrot home as a present to his aunt ? Would I have left a single bird in the New World, if his aunt had wanted jthem all ? The parrot was instantly established in a large cage m my own cabin, and care cast itsshadow over me coinuidently. There was nothing remarkable, good or bad, about the bird itself, as distinctive from tire rest of his species in progress of domosti. cationo; he had no salient points, and indeed played rather the passive part of first cause or principle in the abstract tlran an active one in the troubles which overtook me later. Of course he capsized his bath over my papers, and screamed at night; ofcourse he bit caress. ing fingers (not mine, because I had taken home a parrot before); of course he got out of his cage and was with difficulty recaptured threse things areincidental and inevitable to parrots. - Conscientiously did Ilabour to teach him to speak, spending hours, upon hour in monotonous repetition of ' Pretty Polly." Occasionally t'e .idi.tn solemnity of his eyes wouldlightenrr for a mmuret into something akin to scorn, as indicative of having heard thire sentiinent before and not thinking much of it but the only thing he ever attempted to learn was, anathema and I once-only once upon my honour-ihurled at him in exaspera tion at the futility of my efforts at tuition. This he caught directly, and would practise it in an imperfect form at intervals afterwardsl often guiltily and in a ghost-like manner at ttre dead of night, till discouraged by a hair. brush, slipper or other meteor. That bhe should have commenced to moult on nearing land, so that on hris arrival, When it wasldesir. able that he shtould looki at hris best, he pre sented the appearance of having been pre pared for the table, is also a theme for no special astonishment, since all birds that are taken liome as presents invariably do so, and reach tlieir destination in a raw condition rwhichr excites thire recipent's inrdignation. But it was not until we were actually in port that the real nature of the calamity he was about to prove to me became apparent, I had lost the address. Somewhere in Queen Victoria street I remember, but I had entirely forgotten the number of the house and name of the agent; the aunts name I had never known. 1 had torn up the letter .wvith a lot of others as being of no moment one hot sleepy afternoon as we lay off Barbadoes, never remembering to make note of the essential part of the contents, MIy'position was really something more than ludicrousandembarrassing. I?eanwhile I again sailed on the Brazil route, but I' didn't tale the parrot with me. No. I left him at home in charge of some relatives, who have since quarrelled with me.-All the Year Rdunrd. 