Lenten Lectures by the Arehbigbr p of Sydney. SIXTH AND LAST LECTURE. {From, thr F.rj) rr.s.s.) His Grace delivered Iu’h sixth lecture in the Pro-Cathedral on Sunday evening' (7tli in slant). The sacred edifice was more, erowdeu than at any of the previous lectures. Tli< Sanctuary was full of gentlemen who were unable to get accommodation in the body o:f the church. The Archbishop took for his text the words, “1 have believed that Thou, art Christ the Son of the living God who art come into the world,” [Luke xi., 27,] and said :—■ I have now come to the last, of my [.emeu lectures on the? Divinity of Christ and on ihc supernatural character of Ilis < 'Imrch. As representing the highest and most respected Gnglish thought amongst deniers ■>!' our Lord’s Divinity, L have chosen, as being far beyond all others of bis class in logical clear ness and controversial fairness, John Stuart Mill as my antagonist. As representing a. growing school of infidelity I, therefore, selected him to join issue with, because 1 felt that if T could prove, to your satisfaction that that, great philosopher is absolutely untrust worthy when laying down the law on a funda mental question of religion, you would then, perhaps, not be so easily da//,led in future, or upset, when other gentlemen of far less mental power, like Tyndal, or Huxley, or Spenser, or Stephen, and .such like scientists, deny the supernatural, and, without accord ing a patient hearing to the theologian, eon demn his conclusions, and treat them with that sort of superciliousness which indicates that they have never condescended to examine them, having taken it for granted, as a fore gone conclusion, that they were beneath the contempt of an enlightened and educated man. There is nothing to me so unaccount able, or, at least, so astonishing, as the dog matic and even fierce bigotry of men whose beast it is that logic and verification are the two great instruments for the discovery of truth, and that passion and prejudice arc two of truth’s greatest enemies. However, so it is ; and those same scientists are, at the pre sent day, ruling the world to a very great ex tent ; for the world seeing that they are really eminent in their own special calling, accept their dicta on the subject-matter of that calling as a kind of gospel which it would be folly to oppose and which must be accepted by all enlightened minds. Having thus gained, and often justly gained, a high reputation in one department of knowledge, the world— which is continually being taken in—forgets that that is no guarantee whatever that these gentlemen are eminent in quite another department of knowledge. It does not see that their eminence in one department is, on the contrary, rather than otherwise, an impediment to real eminence in another. To be eminent in any one science in these days 'requires the deep and constant application of a life-time ; if, then, it takes so much out of a man’s life to be great, for instance, in natu ral science, what time would be have left to become really profound in the deepest of all studies—the study of religion? As we have seen Mr. Mill was a great philosopher, a deep thinker, a fair and candid opponent, a man of the highest eminence in his own special fine : but, for all that, when he presumed to lay •down the law on religion, he cut his own throat, and opened himself out to logical annihilation, not from want of logic, but on account of his bolding in contempt views and convictions the basis of which be could not have patiently and seriously set himself to study. Now I consider it very important that these brilliant scientists, who exert so vast a power at the present day, should be dis possessed of that mysterious influence which seems to hang about their every word. They should be shoved back into their proper place: and have only that amount of credit accorded to them which is in keeping with the especial study in which they are really strong. Hr. Word, in one of bis recent essays, gives a startling example of the waj7 in which these men tyrannise over, I will not say the minds —anyhow, the imaginations, of excellent in dividuals. He refers to a friend of his, a High-Chureh Anglican, who, whilst repudi ating the authority of the Catholic Church, pinned his faith to the dicta of •‘illustrious thinkers,”—like those whose names I have mentioned—and absolutely denied the exist ence of God on their authority. “ Who am I,” he asked, “ that I should oppose my own personal prepossessions to the declaration of those great men?” Dr. Ward, speaking of Theism, combats the. wisdom of thus being led blindfold by gentlemen who, having a high name for one tiling, need in no way have a high name for another. His words are so weighty that. I will read them to you, simply substi tuting “Divinity of Christ” for “Theism” all through the passage. He says :—“ Firstly, it is manifest that—however conclusive and irresistible the arguments for Christ’s Divinity may be in themselves—there is no practical possibility for any denier-of itheing convinced by them unless he brings to their study a patient sustained struggle of attention ; and unless lie energetically labours to remove the mountain of prejudice, which must, otherwise intercept from him their view. Secondly, it is no less manifest to any man of ordinary knowledge ami education who will exercise the simplest common sense and common observation, that these ‘illustrious thinkers’ do nothing of the kind. On the contrary, they consistently preserve the most supercilious and disdainful attitude towards the doctrine of Christ’s Divinity ; nor do they show the faintest trace of a notion, that they are under any kind of disadvantage in religious investigations. Never, were there men more densely pre judiced, or more densely unaware of the circumstance. From the mere fact, therefore, that they account the arguments for Christ’s Divinity worthless, there arises not the faintest presumption that those arguments may not be (as we, of course, are convinced they are) entirely irrefragable.” Those amongst you who may have been somewhat surprised that Air. Mill should have so glaringly committed himself with regard to onr Lord's Divinity—should have denied point blank a patent and absolutely un deniable fact—I mean our Lord’s claim to be the Son of God equal to the Father,—those who have thus been naturally startled will now see how such an upsetting blunder came to be made. And if: the greatest leading philosophers and masters in natural science are proved to be quite unsafe guides, what are we to say to the small fry who follow them, and whilst excessively inferior to them in every mental quality that solicits respect, out heroded Herod in their disgusting dogmatism and in the miserable narrowness and shallow ness of their views ? Having thus disposed of the empty tinsel and glitter which seems to give a sort of factitious brilliancy to an}7’ nonsense scientific men may talk, T will proceed to touch upon the Parable which I have chosen for this evening’s consideration —that of the five Wise and five Foolish Virgins. Here it will become evident that our Master is not only the King of Mercy and Compassion, but also the King of Just Judgment, who, though an all-merciful Friend and Saviour, will not be trilled with beyond a certain point ; and who, finally, will measure out to each child of Adam according to his deserts—reward to the good, punishment to the bad. Allow me to read to you’the Parable from the twenty-fifth chapter of St. Matthew :—■ Then shall the Kingdom of Heaven be like to ten virgins, who taking their lamps went out to meet the bridegroom and the bride. And five of them were foolish, and five wise. But the five foolish, having faken their lamps, did not take oil with them. But the wise took oil in their vessels with the lamps. And the bridegroom tarrying, they all slumbered and slept." And at midnight there was a cry made : Behold the bridegroom cometh, go ye forth to meet him. Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps. And the foolish said to the wise : Give us of your oil, for our lamps are gone out. The wise answered, saying : Lest perhaps there be not enough for us and for you, go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves. Now whilst they went to buy, the "bridegroom came : and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage, and the door was shut. But at last came also the other virgins, saying : Lord, Lord, open to us. But He answering, said : Arnon I say to you, I know you not. Watch ye, therefore, you know not tire day nor the hour." Here our Saviour gives an account of an Eastern marriage. There seems to have been little change in the Eastern ceremonial since the time of our blessed Lord. Trench quotes a recent traveller in the East who gives the following account of what lie saw : “ Wo went to view the nocturnal procession which always accompanies the bridegroom in escort ing his betrothed spouse from the paternal roof to that of her future husband. This con sisted of nearly one hundred of the first per sons in Joannina, with a great crowd of torch- bearers, and a band of music. After having received the lady they returned, but were joined by an equal number of ladies, who paid this compliment to the bride.” So it would seem that the ten virgins spoken of by our Saviour correspond to the “ equal number of ladies,” who seem to have joined the bridal procession at some convenient spot. We may suppose in the present instance that the bridegroom had already set out with his retinue and his friends for the house in which the bride dwelt—most probably her father’s house—in order that when night drew on he might escort her with torches and music and triumph and joy to the great banquet which he had prepared at his own house for her and her friends and for his own goodly company. Whilst the bridegroom was thus engaged in the. house of the bride, ten virgins — and ten form a company according to Jewish ritual—had taken their lamps, and were wait ing for the first sound and the first sight, through the darkening night, of the joyous bridal procession, in order that they might fall in with it, anil, finally, take part in the splendid banquet that is always prepared on such occasions. Of these virgins, five were foolish, and five were wise. All brought lamps, but all did not bring- with the lamps the necessary vessels of oil to replenish them with. The five who were wise did so, the foolish live omitted to do so. Possibly, if the bridegroom had left the bride’s house at the ordinary hour, the five foolish virgins’ lamps might have sufficed without replenish ing. They- were foolish in taking for granted that he would not tarry. They acted as if they thought that he would not delay. And this was just the very thing that the bride groom did. Indeed, be tarried so long, that both the wise and the foolish virgins fell into a profound sleep whilst waiting for him, “ they all slumbered and slept.” They slept a long deep sleep till twelve o’clock at night. At that midnight hour, friends most likely who had preceded the main procession heralded the coming of the jojmus happy pair. “ At midnight ”—whilst the virgins were all asleep there was a cry made—“ Be hold the bridegroom cometh, go ye forth to meet him ?” At once the ten young women burst out of their lethargy, and, as was very naural at that time of night, began at once to turn to their lamps. Now the hand lamps which were used on these occasions were small, and not capable of holding a large quantity of oil. so that it would soon fall short unless a supply were carried in a separate vessel. Attached to these hand lamps by a line chain were two little instru ments, one pointed, to trim the wick, and another hooked, for putting out anything that might have got into the oil or about the wick. Immediately on waking the ten virgins got up, and began, as T said, to look at their lamps, which were not giving a very steady or brilliant light. To trim them was the iirst thing to do. Even those without oil trimmed, or, at least, prepared their lamps, so that they should be ready for oil if any should be forthcoming. They, no doubt, saw their live wise companions, each with their little cruise of oil, replenishing the nearly-finished oil in their respective lamps. They saw the flame burn up, bright and steady, as the wick was adjusted, and as everything about it was placed in perfect working order. As for their own lamps, the more they- "went on trimming them, so much the more evident signs did they give, by their dickering and grow ing dullness, of a lack of that one thing necessary without which all trimming and preparing is in vain. Having given up in. despair every hope of doing any good with their lamps, the foolish virgins turned to their companions and implored them for help, “ Give ns of your oil for our lamps [are going* or,] have gone out.” The wise virgins answered them : “ Lest perhaps there he not enough for us and for you, go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.’* Finding that there was no hope from this quar ter, the foolish virgins hurried off to buy a little oil for themselves. Meanwhile the Bridegroom and his happy bride and joyful company approaches the place where the virgins are, the lice wise virgins mingle in the procession, bearing their bright-shining lamps ; and entering into the bridegroom’s mansion take their part in the splendid ban quet prepared for the welcomed guests. When the last footstep had passed the threshold and the party had sat down to the feast, the doors were closed to keep all intru ders out. By this time the foolish virgins had procured the necessary oil for their ex tinguished lamps, and they wished to he ad mitted—to have the closed door opened to them. And, as if to indicate that they were intimate friends of the bridal party who, by some unforeseen accident, had come a little late, they knock at the door, and call upon the Bridegroom himself to let them in : 11 Lord, Lord, open to us !” And he said to them : “ Amen 1 say to you, I know you not. Watch yc, therefore, because you know not the day not the hour!” What a frightful re buff those foolish virgins had to suffer with their bright lamps burning in their hands. Whilst all was joy and music and feasting and merriment and light within, these five women were out in the dark, cold, and com fortless night; and had received the dagger thrust of the Bridegroom : “ Amen I sav to you, 1 know you not!” in response to their impatient and caressing petition of “ Lord, Lord, open to us !” It was just too late ; all was over before them ; they were ignored, or, rather, roughly treated as strange and im pertinent intruders, who had no right or claim to notice or recognition of any sort. “ Amen, I say to yon, I know you not!” Now what does this parable signify V First, Christ is the Bridegroom ; second, the ten virgins are the children of men; third, the “cry” at mid night is the sound of the trumpet at the gene ral judgment, when the Judge shall corneas a thief in the night when men least expect Him ; fourth, the banquet is the everlasting reward of the just ; fifth, the “Amen, I say to you, l know jmu not!” is the sentence of reprobation on the wicked. The foolish virgins were rejected because they had not enough oil; the wise were accepted because they were sufficiently furnished. The former trusted to chance, were careless and indif ferent, and were, therefore, thoroughly taken by surprise.. The ten of them slept ; but live, before sleeping, knew that they had oil for an emergency ; the others do not seem to have taken much trouble about the oil till it was all too late. The oil is the grace of God, that which lie alone, and not a man—however much grace he may have himself—can bestow upon the rational creature. The (lame pro duced by the burning represents the good thoughts, words, and deeds of a man’s life, which, whilst shining before men. glorify God, without whose grace they would be un acceptable. Thus, the wise virgins did not. because they could not, give their oil to others. Ifaich individual man or woman will be judged singly. Man will be judged according to bis own works, not according to the works of others. lie must go to God for oil, be must trim his lamp, stir up the grace of God that is in him, and persevere to the very end, or ho will not be saved. Does not all this picture for us, most vividly, the relation of man to his last end i the doctrine of grace, the trial to come, the necessity of perseverance, and the uncertainty of the time whim Christ will come to judgment ? lienee, again, then, we have .summed up in a fearful and yet toueli ing parable one that brings home to every one of us our personal responsibilities before God -the main teachings of the Catholic Church upon some of the most momentous sub jects connected with our future destiny. The more you examine this parable in detail wo much the more will you lind that it can be unfolded and unveiled so as to exhibit the germ of fundamental doctrine, arid the initial teachings in our Catholic schools. Dike all the other parables, it concentrates Catholic theology into a nut-shell, it is the kernel and quintessence of the orthodox faith, and fits in, with exquisite precision, to the expended teachings of systematized theology. Here our Dord^again displays His foreknowlege of the Kingdom of Heaven which is still amongst us, and has in His mind’s eye the realization of His heavenly “plan.” Hut let the fathers and St. Thomas bear me out. Referring to this parable they speak thus : “ (Irej)omj : My ‘the Kingdom of Heaven’ is meant the present Church, as in that, ‘The Son of Man shall send forth His Angels, and they shall gather out of His Kingdom all things that othend.’ (Sree/ori/ : And because the company of the faithful is gathered out of both sexes, the Holy Church is described us being like to ten virgins, where as bad are mixed with good, and reprobate; with elect, it is like a mixture of wise and foolish virgins. Or it fen : They taka; ‘ their lamps,’ /.a. their natural faculties and go to meet the Saviour. A mjuxime : ‘ The lamps’ which they carry in their hands are their works, of which it was said above, ‘ Let your works shine before men.’ Jerome : The virgins that have oil are they who, besides their faith, have the orna ment of good works. Jerome : 4 They slumbered,’ i.e. they were dead. And then follows ‘ and slept,’ because they were to be afterwards wakened. The -Jews have a tradi tion that Christ will come at midnight, in like manner as in that visitation of Egypt, when the Maschal feast; is celebrated, am 1 tlu1 destroyer conies, and the Lord passes over our dwellings, and the door-posts of each man’s countenance are hallowed by the blood of the Lamb. rlutjarline, : ‘At midnight,’ that is when none knew or looked for it. Jerome : Suddenly thus, as on a stormy night, and when all think themselves secure, at the hour when sleep is the deepest, the coming of Christ shall ho proclaimed by the shout of angels, and the trumpets of the Powers that go before Him. llJanj : The marriage is the putting on of immortality, and the joining together corruption and incor ruption in a new union. Jerome: After the day of judgment there is no more oppor tunity for good works, or for righteousness, and, therefore, it follows, ‘And the door was shut.’ Auijuetine : Ill's severity, after judg ment, is as great as his mercy was unspeak able before. ‘ Mut lie answered and said, vorily 1 say unto you, I know you not.’ Jerome : Lor ‘ the Jmrd knoweth them that are His,’ and he that knoweth not shall not be known. He adds, ‘Watch, therefore, because ye know not the day nor the hour.’ He means that all that has been said points to this, namely, that seeing we know not tho day of judgment, wo should he careful in providing tho light of good works.” Thus you see that whilst tho father of the prodigal entreated his elder son to come into the feast, the Bridegroom here—who represents our Saviour also—-on the contrary, shuts tire door on the weeping virgins with His terrible ‘‘ I know yon not?” to teaeli the world that, though His mercy is above all His works, when probation is over, mankind will have to abide by the just judgment of an all-just Judge. Allow me now to invite your atten tion to three of our Blessed Bedeemer's greatest miracles ; for the greatest miracle, as suredly, that a wonder-worker could perform, is that of lifting the dead to life. It has al ways, at all times, been considered the highest exhibition of superhuman power to recall the spirit that has lied back to the bod)' which it once inhabited and which is now corrupting. To give sight to the blind, to heal the leper, to cure a long-standing disease, to open the mouth of the dumb—all .these, no doubt, arc very startling prodigies ; but they exert a comparatively small effect upon the mind of i mankind compared with the amazement . which the raising of a dead body to life i again produces on their imagination. < brr j Master vouchsafed to grant us this consola- I tion—to exert His Divine power in an ever increasing degree in this respect. He gave life to the girl who bad only just expired, and restored her healthy to her father ; He raised from tire dead the widow’s son who was actually being carried to his last resting-place; and he lifted Lazarus from the tomb, whose body bad already been corrupting in the grave during the space of at least four days. Let us for a while dwell upon these three stupendous miracles. Take first the case of Jairus’s daughter, a girl of twelve years of age. Jairus was a ruler of the synagogue. Me had heard of, and no doubt, had had ex perience of Christ’s power over sickness and diseases. His little daughter, whom he tenderly loved, lay a-dying. He bethought himself of the Wonder-worker in his deep distress. He fell down at Jesus’s feet, “and he besought him much, saying : My daughter is on the point of death ; come, lay Thy hand upon her, that she may be safe, and may live.” And our Lord, accompanied by a groat multitude pressing round Him, went, accompanied by Jairus towards the house of mourning'. On the way thither Christ cures the woman with the terrible complaint, who bad but touched the fringe of his garment. And whilst conversing with her, up come messengers of woe to Jairus, conveying to him the sail intelligence of his daughters death. It was thought that now all was over. But our Lord pressing along, said to Jairus, “ Fear not, only believe.” On arriving at the house, our Master found it tilled with hired mourners and melancholy llute-players, who were earning a livelihood by simulating a sorrow they could not teed. Our Lord turned to the mourners and to the crowd and said : “ The damsel is not dead, hut sleepeth ! And they laughed him to scorn.” JIe, in return, turned them all out of the room ; and taking the child's father and mother and Peter and James and John with Him, He- went up to the bed on which the girl lay (haul, and taking her by the hand he said, “Talitha cumi - Damsel arise ! And immediately she rose up, and walked ; and evidently, scarcely expect ing so great an exhibition of power, those wiio witnessed this miracle, “ were astonished with a great astonishment” [Mark v., 42], when they saw the girl get up, and at the desire of our blessed Saviour, begin to eat with a good appetite, as if, in very deed, she had been merely refreshed by wholesome sleep. Deferring to these greatest of our Saviour’s miracles. Trench well observes : “ These miracles of raising from the dead have always been regarded as the mightiest outcomings of the power of Christ. .... The line between health and sickness is not definitely fixed : the two con ditions melt one into the other, and the tran sition from this to that is frequent. In like manner storms alternate with calms, the fiercest tumult of the elements allays itself at last : and Christ’s words which stilled the tempest did but anticipate and effect in a moment, what tin1 very conditions of nature must have effected in the cud. Lven the transmutation from water to wine, and the multiplication of bread, in a; not without their analogies in nature, however remote, and thus, too, it is with most of the other miracles. But between being, and the negation of being, the opposition is not relative, but absolute; between death and life a gulf lies, which no fact furnished by our experience can help us, even in imagination, to bridge over.” [Notes on the Miracles, p. 200-1.] Now open St. Luke, for he alone gives us the Miracle of the raising to life the widow’s son. In the instance just recorded the daughter was restored to her father, now we have an account of a son being given back to his widowed mother. Accompanied by His disciples and a groat multitude, our Lord went into the city of Naim. As He and His attendants drew nigh to the city, they saw a funeral procession ac companying a corpse to the grave, and sur rounded by a great multitude of people. The mother of the deceased was a widow, and she was following the remains to the tomb, and was naturally weeping and sobbing and break ing her heart over the loss of her darling son, the one sole comfort of her solitary widow hood. She, not the corpse, seemed to be the object of our Saviour’s solicitude. He could not hear to witness such heart-bleeding, heart breaking sorrow. “ lining moved with mercy towards her, He said to her, ‘ Weep not.’ And He came near, and touched the bier, and they that carried it stood still. And He said, ‘ Young man, arise !’ And lie that was dead sat up, and began to speak. And He gave him to his mother.” [Luke vii., 1;115.] What comment need I make upon this! How simple the narrative, how astounding the facile exercise of Divine power ! By merely touching the bier—He did not “ take him by the hand,” He merely put His linger on the bier, and the power of bringing to life, of turning a corpse back into a man full of health and strength, is exhibited to the astonished, to two astonished multitudes indeed, to those who accompanied our Saviour, and to those who met Him. Once more. Open the Gos pel of St. John. lie tells us that our Saviour “ did many signs ” not written in this Gospel. [Chap, xx., JO.] And at the very end of that very same gospel he uses still stronger language; he declares that, •‘there are also many other things which Jesus did, which if they were written every one, the world itself, 1 think, would not be able to contain the books that should be written.” [xxi., 25.] What principle did St. John observe in his selection ? for lie only records seven miracles in all. He steadily kept in view one main aim, as I have before remarked, to witness to the Divinity of our blessed Saviour. “ But these [signs] are written” he says, “ that you may believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God ; and that believ ing you may have life in His Name.” [xx.,. 31.] Evidently, then, the miracle of the resurrection of Lazarus was not chosen with out a good reason ; of all Christ’s works of this class it exhibits the most stupendous exercise of power. The sisters of Lazarus sent to our Saviour to say that their brother was sick, and desired the Lord to come to him. At length, when Christ did arrive at the liou.se, He found that Lazarus had already been dead four days, and that corruption was doing its work within the tomb. Martha, who was broken with disappointment at our Lord coming so late, said piteously to Him, “ Lord, if Thou hadst been here my brother had not died !” Now I beg your attention to the following reply of our Hedeemer, for it is of very solemn import. Jesus saith to her; Thy brother shall rise again. Martha saith to him : I know that he shall rise again, in the resurrection at the last day. Jesus saith to her ; I am the lvesurrection and the Life : he that believet.h in Me although he be dead, shall live. And every one that liveth, and believetli in Me, shall not die for ever. Bcliovest thou this ? She saith to him : Yea, Lord, I have believed that thou art Christ tiie Son of the living God, who art come into this world. [XI., 23-27.] Now, here is a distinct claim on the part of our Master to a Divine prerogative, and the answer given by Martha to the question, “ Believest thou this?” clearly shows that our Saviour held Himself to be, and declared Himself to be “ the Son of the Living God.” “ Yea, Lord," she replies, at once, “ I have believed that Thou art Christ the Son of the Living God, who art come into the world.” Christ then went to the tomb whore the cor rupting corpse of Lazarus lay. On his way thither He did not refrain from tears at the thought of the sorrow of the sisters and at the loss of one whom He deeply loved. “Behold how He loved Him,” ex claimed those who were watching our Master’s countenance. The corpse had been stowed away in a cave with a stone placed over it. “ Jesus saith : Take away the stone. Martha replied : Lord, by this time hestinketh, for he is now dead four days. Jesus saith to her : Did I not say to thee that if thou believe, thou shalt see the glory of God !” The stone was removed, Christ cried with a loud voice: “ Lazarus come forth ! And presently he that had been dead came forth, bound feet and hands with winding-bands, and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus said to them : Loose him and let him go.” Now what is this but an anticipation of our Lord’s own glorious rising from the tomb ? He was placed in the rock-PMnb of Joseph of Arima thea, He remained three days buried ; and by His own supreme power He lifted Himself up. What he afterwards did for Himself, He now ■does for Lazarus ; and having claimed the power of bringing the dead to life again, Fie proves IIis possession of that power by this His most stupendous miracle, especially nar rated by St. John in proof of his Master’s Divinity. This great portent leads us natu rally to the consideration of that great event which lit up, as with celestial lire, both testa ments alike, I mean Christ’s own Resurrection from the dead. “ According to the Gospel narrative,” says Liddon, “Jesus enters this world by one miracle, and leaves it by another. His human manifestation centres in that miracle of miracles, His Resurrection from the grave after death. The Resurrec tion is the central fact up to which all leads, and from which all radiates. Such wonders • as Christ’s Birth of a Virgin-mother, His Re surrection from the tomb, ami His Ascension into Heaven, are not merely the credentials of our Redemption, they are distinct stages and processes of the redemptive work itself. Taken in their entirety, they interpose a measureless interval between the Life of Jesus and the lives of the greatest of pro phets or apostles, even of those to whom it was given to still the elements and raise the dead. To expel these miracles from the Life of Jesus is to destroy the identity of the Christ of the Gospels ; it is to substitute a new Christ for the Christ of Christendom. Who would recognise the true Christ in the natural son of a human father, or in the crucified prophet whose body has rotted in •an earthly grave ? Yet, on the other hand, who will not admit that He who, after being crucilied, dead, and buried, rose again the third day from the dead, and then went up into heaven before the eyes of his apostles, must needs be an altogether superhuman Being?” [Liddon, p. lf/h] Let us, then, •now turn to a consideration of the Resurrec tion of our Lord, on which all our hope is Rased. It must have been a matter of sur prise to many 'who had seen our Saviour’s miracles to have witnessed His crucifixion and His apparent complete helplessness in the hands of His enemies. When He had, with a loud cry, given up the ghost, all seemed to be over. The great promise of His three years’ public ministry appeared to have come t:> nought. IIis followers bad not the cou rage to stand by him. One denied Him with an oath, and others, who might have been true to Him in His dire extremity, left Him alone to die on the hill of Calvary, and to ex pire without the consolation of their presence, around the cross. He had died an ignomini ous death, and His trusted ones were broken in spirit and scattered. All seemed over. The school lie had formed of peasants and of fishermen would take its place with those ■endless philosophic failures which proceed j from sanguine views collided with scanty I knowledge of men and ol' men’s passions and lives. Now, wo have been dwelling on the extraordinary power exercised by our Lord in raising the dead. Yet we know that others, before His time, and since His time, have ■been permitted to exercise this extraordinary power. There is just one thing that no man. who was not Divine, has ever done, or even made a pretence to do. Endless have been the impositions, spiritual, and otherwise, that have been practised on mankind by their fellow men. There is just one point where they stop short.—we never have heard of any man killing himself, or causing others to kill him, in order to prove, by the event, that he had the power within him to lift himself from death to life. “ Dead men tell no tales,” is an old proverb. When once a man is in the grave, lie possesses neither lever nor ful crum by moans of which to lift himself out again. When once dead—unless God gives power to others to restore life—he is dead fill the same power that made Him joins soul and body together at the great Accounting Day, and rewards or punishes the risen man according to his works. Now it was just that one tiling that no man can door has ever ■attempted to do, that our Divine Redeemer did ; and did in such a manner that no amount of special pleading can ever shake the ad amantine strength of the net-work of proofs •which support and witness to that greatest of all possible miracles. He who performed the miracle of descending from Heaven—the glorious Word of God—and of becoming incarnate in the womb of a Jewish girl, exerted the same Almighty power of His in vouchsafing to lift Himself from the tomb, and to appear in His lisen condition on nine or ten different occasions, and to as many as fivehundred men at onetime. Let medwell, for our mutual consolation, on some of the proofs of Christ’s Resurrection to which I have referred. We cannot too carefully look into this most momentous and interesting subject ; for, on the truth of our Lord’s ressurrection, as on a foundation, all our hope is based. It is the climax and crown of all His works, and is perfectly in harmony with His wonderful career of wonderworking and healing during the three years of His public ministry. Had he not risen again, Christianity would scarcely have had a history. Probably Christ’s very name itself would have been forgotten : or if remembered, its remembrance would have been confined to a solitary student here or there, who would feel very little interest in it. By rising from the tomb, Christ shed a light upon His entire career, a light penetrat ing back into the most distant past, and light ing up the prophecies of the Old Testament so'as to be revealed in all their meaning, and appreciated in all their significance. The resurrection is the key-stone in the arch of Christianity which bridges across from earth to heaven. It confirms all the past. It | illuminates all the future : it crowns the complete argument for the Divinity of Jesus i Christ, and puts the coping- stone on the work which our Lord came on earth to perfect through His Birth, Passion, and Death, upon the Hill of Calvary. Through this cardinal - truth, well established, the world became converted to the Cross. St. Peter was its great. Apostle ; and the Twelve never tfreu of reminding the Jews about thorn that •’.hat. very One whom they had crucified was that same Jesus of Nazareth who had risen from the Tomb. “All orthodox churches,” says Liddon, “all great heresies, even Socinianism, have believed in the Ressurrection of Jesus. The literal Resurrection of Jesus was the cardinal fact upon which the earliest preachers of Christianity based their appeal to the Jewish people. St Paul, writing to a Gentile Church, expressly makes Christianity answer with its life for the literal truth of the Resurrection. 1 If Christ be not risen, then our preaching is vain, and your faith is also vain. . . . Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished.’ Some modern writers would possibly have reproached St. Paul with offering a harsh alternative instead of an argument. Put St. Paul would have replied, first, that our Lord’s honour and credit were entirely staked upon the issue, since lie had foretold His Resurrection as the ‘ sign’ which would justify Ilis claims ; and, secondly, that the fact of the Resurrec tion was attested by evidence which must outweigh everything except an a priori con viction of the. impossibility of a miracle, since it was attested by the word of more than two hundred and fifty living persons who had actually seen the Risen Jesus. As to such objections to the miracle of an a priori character, St. Raul would have argued, as most T1 mists, and even the French philo sopher [Rousseau], have argued that such ob jections could not he urged by any man who believed seriously in a liriruj God at all. Put. on the other hand, if the Resurrection be ad mitted to he a fact, it is puerile to object to the other miracles of Jesus, or to any other Christian miracle, provided they be sufficiently attested. To have admitted the stupendous truth that Jesus, after predicting that lie would bo put to a violent death, and then rise from the dead, was actually so killed, and then did actually so rise, must incapacitate any thoughtful man for objecting to the Im maculate Conception, or to the Ascension into heaven, or to the more striking wonders wrought by Jesus, on any such ground as that of intrinsic improbability. The Resurrection has, as compared with the other miraculous occurrences narrated in the Gospel, all the force: of an a fortiori argument ; they follow, if we may use the term, naturally from it; they are' fitly complemental incidents of a history in which the Resurrection has already made" it plain, that we are dealing with One in Whose ease our ordinary experience of the limits and conditions of human power is altogether at fault”—[p. Lu5-6.] (Rcnuuntler next iccelrf 