A Chat with Longfellow. (Jh/ ti Corrcxpimdnit of the Lomhm Timex.) I first made the acquaintnmm of Mr. Long fellow at Naples. M e c.haneeil i«> be neighbours a.1 a tahU•d'hotr. wlion. aflor sonic slight conver sed ion on general topics, the. poet revealed him self. In fruih, the author of " Kvangclinc” wauled but little prompting to announce his un questioned titles to the public esteem and vene ration. In this respect he reminded me of linns Christian Andersen. Loth the men knew they had genius, as a pretty woman knows she has beauty, and t hey were too thoroughly children of nature to care about eonena'ing their good opinion of themselves. Those who remember the lives of Wolfe and INelsoii will he aware this amiable self-consciousness is not, character istic only of liter,ary genius. 11 11,’inspired in the course of our discussing macaroni and other things that. Mr. Longfellow had planned an ex cursion to Vesuvius for the following day. I was hesitating; to olfer myself as a companion. ! when he invited me to join him. I was all the j more glad to do so on learning' that t he party | was to include t hi ee pret < y American ladies from J boston. Wo started next morning in two open j carriages, myself having the good luck to be withthe poet andlwo of the fair Bostonians. It was a day such as the untravelled Knglishman has never enjoyed and can hardy conceive; the brightest July weather of Ikwonshire would have seemed murky beside t lie crystalline t mnspamney of t lie Neapolitan air. The sun. indeed, blazed fiercely: but a breeze from flu1 sea enabled its to realise Mr. Mattliew Arnold's ideal combina tion of sweetness and freshness willi light. Mr. Longfellow was in his happiest vein : he talked incessantly. 1 hough not in the encroaching manner of Coleridge and Macaulay. I had plenty of opportunity of interpolating remarks and questions, while the ladies also stimulated the poet with thSir vivacious and thoroughly transatlantic prattle. Mr. Charles Frnade laughs at the idea of an author’s character being discovered by what he has written, but in that opinion there is assuredly some error. In Mr. .Longfellow, at all events. I could see no difference between the poet and the pleasant elderly gentleman who was discoursing gaily on all things in heaven and earth ; and, as I listened, a sufficiently obvious reflection was forced upon me : What was this most perfect product of American civilization but a serious, severe—1 had almost said bigoted—Conserva tive, and a most fervent Christian ? Long fellow’s talk was his poetry rendered into flowing prose. I conjured up Paul Fleming in ‘‘Hyperion,” and, at length, mustered courage to ask : '• Was Paul Fleming a character drawn from life ?” He paused a full half minute, then answered exactly in the following words “ He was what I thought I might have been ; but I never.” He shaded his face with one hand and did not complete the sentence. From the sadness of the poet’s tone 1 conjectured that there was some implied confession of failure in his reticence. I guessed that he was struggling between the natural humility of a religious man and the unwilling ness of a well-bred man to intrude the sorrows of his mind upon others. , Mr. Longfellow was right : he never attained to those cold heights on which he had placed the creation ol: his fancy ; lie found a 1 letter resting-place. The younger of the ladies, feeling herself privileged, asked him to recite one of his own poems—a request with which he laughingly agreed to comply, - if,” lie added. "1 can remember one accurately.” The same thought came simul taneously to all three of us. “ \\\ e will prompt you,” we said, at which, lam bound to say, the poet coloured with pleasure. “ Well, which shall it be he next asked. One of the fair Bostonians selected "The Belfry of Bruges,” another the "Psalm ol’Life.” 1 begged him to recite "The Hymn of the Moravian Nuns, on the consecration of Tulaski’s banner. “Ah,” he said, "that is one of my favourites—if a man can lie said to have a favourite among his own poems.” Possibly out of compliment to my being an Englishman, he volunteered the lines on Wellington, which I think are headed " The Warden ” in the printed collection of his works. It is not one of his best efforts ; but his manner of reciting it gave it the kind ol tune which often immorta list. s a poor song. Then we had the closing lines of ■■ Evangeline, ’ .1 oiln Aldcu s courtship in •• Miles Blandish,” and some frag ments of " The Lhildren of the Lord’s Supper, gravelv and pathetically rendered. I asked him how long lac had taken lo compose the " Golden Legend.” He replied, "it seems easy, doesn t it.'” I answered that 1 thought the writer must have absolutely saturated his mind with medieval literature, especially with monkish legends ami hymns, after winch, 1 supposed, the composition or the poem must have been com paratively easy. “Well.” lie rejoined, “you are about light. The first draft 1 did in four weeks—not counting the Sundays—I don t like to work on Sundays-—not oven to write a n\mn. But 1 spent about six months correcting—and cutting down. ’ The dashes in this little speech stand for the pauses so frequent in Mr. Long fellow's ut nuances—pauses which were the "osnIt of constant introspection. One fancied the poet had been asking his conscience whether he had been lolling the truth and nothing but the truth. A terribly exact man in mortal dealings with hiuisel!—afraid even of an in* Uceuracv which might possibly cause a fellow man to make a mistake 20 years alter At luncheon that vnarvei of birds and likest to a black swan, a I’rene,liman, who enjoyed and understood English literature, cried out gaily to Longfellow, " \ou have no business to bo a Ivc publiean ! You like Baldwin. ’ I>ras tic let. and Maximilian, and the old Topes better than auv of your ephemeral Presidents.’ " I won t take advantage of you,” was Longfellow s answer, ‘‘by pointing out that Republics are at least ;is old as Monarchies : but consider, t lie past which wc now glorily was once as prosaic as the present. Hereafter we shall be the past. I and biater indeed than we have judged om selves." He was somewhat solemn as lie made this li:uo preachment ; and tin: Iasi words he spoke with much pathos, as though feeling Ha.t he him-e.lf was a, great part of (hat: present which must eventually be the past, and for which he predicted a jusr judgment from _ posterity. \Ve lunched at a small inn on the side of A esnvhis, where ting wine, by the way. was not of a kind to lire a. poet's fancy. After this we went to sniff and sneeze, in the usual way of tourists, Over the sulphurous gases ol the water,^ suggest - ing a pi’i-m on Empedocles and wondering what, rhymes Longfellow could hammer out for the name, of this ‘‘young man with the inde structible boots.” as the pod called him. It will be remembered that Mount ci'.tna t n row up one of his sandals and tints revealed the maimer of his death. Our French companion was busy with a paradox of his own as to Empedocles having been a young shoemaker nobly desirous of advertising the wares of his father’s shop a VAmerlcaine—it., regardless of cost ; and we were about to descend the steeps, laughing over this fancy, when, to our considerable dismay, Mr. Longfellow expressed his intention of spend ing the night upon the mountain. Within a short distance of tire crater, then only smoulder ing with occasional unsavoury whiffs and puffs, stood a ruined plank-shed, used in tine weather by a screaming old woman who sold ornaments made of lava, and this place it was that the poet chose for his vigil. Without a smile on his face, he said. “ I want to gather poetic impressions/’ We looked becomingly serious and only begged to be permitted to keep watch with him. ‘uVn,” with two or three shakes of the head, “■ i must be alone.” A whispered consultation between, some members of the party followed. “ He is quite in earnest and must do as he pleases,” said a brother of the fair Bostonians, and he added that there was no danger just then of the greatest of American poets meeting with the same fate as the younger Pliny. ‘‘But the bri gands !’’ suggested the Frenchman. “Dear me! he will catch such a dreadful cold.” chimed in one of the ladies. Finally, we decided to leave the poet to his reveries, after ordering a Maltese courier to stand sentinel unobserved, within hail ing distance. It is probable that this courier fulfilled, at least, the half of his duties faithfully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Longfellow. The author of “ Excelsior ” turned up in the morning, looking none the worse for his night’s frolic witii the ghosts of Herculaneum and Pompeii ; but he persistently parried every question put to him as to whether lie had found ■■inspiration.” All he would say was that, on coming down from the mountain, he had been requested by a gendarme to exhibit his passport, and, being unable to produce this document, he had been nearly marched off to the police station. “■ 1 purchased my liberty for two lire,” he remarked, smiling ; the price of that commodity has decreased since (Jceur de Lion's time,” 