A SIGHT WITH THE TONE POETS. The following dream of artist-life (kuntlerleben,) translated from a Gtr man paper, will be read with interest by beiievei a in the poetry ot music, m tcne-pictures and scenes ; and esptcialh will it interest those who have experi enced transcendent delight from iisu-niiig sto music when composed and peiio*iiieti by the greatest of masters: It was in June. There was a half mcon which paled the lustre of the stars. The sir was qaiet and sonorous ; the grand piano was cpened towards the vailey, a«id LUzt, wiih his energetic hands, pi ruck up ihe hunting chorus from ** Eurvanthe.'' As a matter of course, lie paustd after each phrase to wait tor the answer of the echo. After the very first pause we were seized with an enthusiastic shudder. We were, listening to new, immense, idea music! The musical phrase was much too long to be sent back by the first and second vibrations, the echoes of the echo ren dered it so truly that not a note was wanting. Liszt growing excited hurried -he time a trifle. How shall we express ourselves ? Each phrase was the object of burning curiosity and throbbing atten i ion. The last phrase but one, especially, in which the chorus sinks to a most mov ing D in the key of B flat minor, rolled with gloomy accents over the woods of the dark valley; but the last, going back so proudly to the E, announced the vic tory of human will over the obstacles op posed by the powers of nature. Chopin now took Liszt's p'ace and made the echo .sing and weep. He was then composing his ' Impromptu,' op. 60, and played for the first time some phases of the lofty theme in B-flat minor, which form its middle portion. The diaphanous seolian music sent him into raptures. He continued longer than Li-&t; his- myaterious conversations with this spirits of the valley ; it assumed the form of a ghost-like dialogue, full of wh:pp r aid mu n ur , sod resembled a magic conjuration. The lady of the house had actually to tear him from the piano. He was in a fever. Then Pauline V. sang the romance so tender and simple: ' NeJcor piunon mi senti.' It was anadmirabtechoiee, for each phrase consists of only two notes, and the echo repeated them from beginning to end with a fidelity that enchanted us all. In cor elusion, the niece of the stew ardess of the castle gave, with fresh, vibrating voice, an folk pong, which the echoes manifestly repeated with delight. It was two in the morning when suddenly 1 ul laughter resounded n the pa k be low, and we perceived the flicker of a strange kind of flame among the tree?. it was a surprise. The friends of the house had brewed a form of punch in a gigantic silver bowl. They advanced triumphantly, and placed it naming away upon the marble table. The noble beverage was greeted with a joyous ' Hurrah !' and the echo answered *?. Hurrah ! hurrah!' while the bluish flame cast fantastic shadows on the bushes and groups of trees. We drank punch, we supped and we sang in chorus, by way of sending the echo a last and grateful greeting. The dawn already tinged the horizon when we parted, broken with emotion but faappv, and carrying; with us an unfading recollection of the nignt we had passed. Where are ye now, days of youth and happiness ? Where are ye, too, glorious artists, so good, so simple minded, and so considerate, despite all your greetings ? Ah ! most of you are dead, and the others, two excepted, only shadows of the past! Too well do we now appreciate the bitter truth contained in the words of the Floren tine poet : ' Nessum magpior dolore Che ricordarsi del tempo felice Rella Nigeria.' 