OUR PARIS LETTER. (F.ROM OUR PARIS CORRESPONDENT.) Paris, September 23rd. U'ftatistlie best way U\ bowl John Bull out of Euypfc, or compel him to surrender,' or po halves in his successes? That is apparently the question which now is taking hold of the French mind. Abusing England has been found not to pay, even when the vituperation is headed by M. de Lcsscps, who is responsible for the deeply altered relations bet\vccu*his°count?y and England, and who has the questionable merit of having thrown in his lot with 44 Arabi and the nationalists;" and, what is worse, it was his fussy influence and iuordiuate vanity that decided the cabinet to desert the English at Alexandria. So much tho better, as results prove, for England, ami bo much tho worse,as people hero know to their cost for France. I It is hardly a week ago since the journals were eulogising Arabi ns a Tofclebeii, a Washington, and similar unconscious cari catures. His earthworks were a succession of Plevnas that would use up all tho expo* ditions England could send. Months, aye years, would be necessary to reduce the 44 patriots," and ultimately appeal would have to be made to France for generals possessiug gcuius and soldiers accustomed to success. These predictions having been so extraordinarily belied, the journals in question audaciously turn round, and de mand that, since Egypt was conquered without an effort, almost without a blow, matters have undergone no veritable change, and Sir Garnet ought to decamp. I allude to this kind of writing as simply indicative of how the French smart from the effects of England's victory. In the parallels adduced from modern and on temporary history, and held up for tho imitation of England, tho French journals — and the rematkable fact deserves to be noted and remembered—of ail shades, studiously avoid allusion to Tunis. Yet the occupation of Tunis deprives France of the right to moralise for uations. It will be her Baoquo ghost for many a long jear. Then it is difficult to know what claims France has now upon Egypt, more thau Austria, Italy— Turkey eveu. The 11 double control " ar rangement must not bo renewed. It is not a dignified position for French and Englishmen to be officially spying one another. Further, having declined to defend that arrangement, when invited by her pmtner in arms, she retired, atul her. right is lapsed. Another sentimental grief is, the Can.il: here England must also be decided ; as four fifths of the shippiug passiug through arc | British, she is not likely to imperil tho Canal, for it is a bad bird that fouls its own nest. Iu order to finish with the threats of M. dc Lesscps, and his international bone of contention, it! is commonly rumored here that England has the concession for tho making of a second canul, and the establish-, ing of a new commercial port on the Medi terranean, that will supersede Alexandria, and eclipse, if it will not absorb, Port Said. The moment English capitalists announce the project of the new canal, the Egyptian question will be settled, in the sense that England will he left to morally settle down, "provisionally," which means, in undiplo matic language, permanently. |»y her presence in Egypt, England renders important services first—to herself ; next, to , Algeria nud Tunisia, by reminding fanatical Mussulmans of the rods always in pickle for them; and last, but not least, to civilisation. In proportion that England lias risen in the East, French influence has fallen. England will never gain anything from " intimacy " i with France—she has had lately sufficient I ! proof of this. She can be independent, i France cannot ho so; yet tbe French pro claim their alliance is a matter of something like life and death for England. When this popular error is extirpated also from the French, the latter will the sooner be able to i comprehend their isolation, and that their 1 country has lost by licr de Lcsseps and mauical publicists. By the arrest of Xiddem Pasha, the ! foreign correspondence of Arabi is now com pletely in the hands of the English : a few missing links were wanted, aud which i have becu supplied by the fall of ! Damiotta. Inclusive of tbe Sultan himself, the French aud Italian govt ments have beeu furnished with proof a' strum? aa hnlv • 1 •' j as holy writ, of the intrigues in which some of their prominent officials were mixed t-o dethrone lewlik aud checkmate the onlv power that remained true to him, as he was true on his fside. The new law on obligatory education is displaying a little friction in working, but there is nothing of a nature to compromise the measure. Besides, politics enter largely into the question. In any case the nation does not display any enthusiasm about the reform. No progress hag been made in the work of conciliating the serious dissensions among the republicans, who lead a cat and dog life M. Duclerc has only beeu laughed at for expressing the opinion that a house divided against itself must fall • the_ radicals have served him with notice to quit. and there is every likelihood that he too will bedownamong the dead men before, say, the Czar is crowned, accordion to the new fashion of closed doors. Eyes commence to be again turned towards Gara bettn. His Egyptian policy—action, and coalition with England—is now seen to have been correct, and the demand ig increasing for his sendm dc lisle, plan of voting, and for which ho wag ejected from office ' In presence of such instability, France can not count upon the alliance of any Power. The rcscrvislcs have put iu their twenty eight days. The poor fellows were playing at Prussians and French throughout an almost continued downpour. Where roads were not muddy, the fields were next to bogs. The four weeks' roughing has melted aw ay the solid flesh of many a fut and greasy citizen The generals iu their orders of the day admit they are content with the men but we know Freuch geuerals must ever employ a very large dose of flattery. There was nothing actually new in the manteuvres. .. ... ..uw uuiuieuvres. They are ao modelled after the tactics of the Germans, that a Prussian might fall in and feel himself at home. There is much in equality iu the constitution of the officers' corps, the members not displaying any approach to uniformity of intelligence. The army, like every other nation's, suffers from the want of non commissioned officers. There is not the slightest desire to make the army a profession. Men under the (lag count the hours till their service be expired. Politics also have sway in thecorps of officers which constitute two camps, monarchists aud republicans. Much of the disorganisa tion of the army is due to the frequent changes—about once a year—of tho ministers of war,caused by cabinet ups and downs. One minister has hardly the time to even undo all the work of his predecessor. Tho cavalry is not viewed as being up to the mark. The explanation offered is that it is only being trained to new tactics. More latitude is being accorded to the privato initiative of the generals, and to foresee is moro than halfway to victory. The French arc mak ing up Ieo way in tho matter of rapidity of movement. Marshal Saxe observed, "that victory is in the legs." Sir Garnet Wolse ley has just illustrated this, aud Napoleon I. acted on the theory in his maxim "strike rapidly." Statue erection aud statue demolition proceed with equal rapidity. It is not un natural that being the "inB" the republicans should honor their forgotten worthies iu bronze and marble. Perhaps it is owing to i want of sites that the municipal council of Caen has ordered the removal of the statue of Louis XI \7. from tho public square of the town. It is to bo hoped no harm will ho done to William the Conqueror. In the Place do Victoires, in Paris, there is also a statue to the Sun King. Tho greatest won der is that it has escaped removal ; hut wo arc more tolerant in the capital. Witness tho setting up a few months ago close to Notre Dame of tho statue of Charlemagne, under the auspices of an extreme republican municipality. Tho hat is being sent round for a statue to Jean Jacques, Rousseau, and Marat. When the turn for Fonquier, Tuivillo, and Robespierre—fa palric recoil• iiriissanie i Gorman opinion having 'expressed tho do sire to occupy some portion of Africa, and establish colonies, may cxplaiu why the French call upon their government to ratify I the treaty of M. de Brazza, with King Makoko, who holds away somowhero on the | Congo; it is the region whero Stanley de Iiveredj32battles,bnt that M. de Brazza won in tho name of liberty, equality, aud fraternity. That slico of Africa, along with Madagascar, ought to compensate tho French for the llight of the English into Egypt. But what does Franco do with her colonies 1 She cannot people thorn, having no population to send there,andjher sons prefer short commons with M. (irevy, rather than an estate Bow ing with milk aud honey, in tho vicinity of Kiug Mokoko, or the strong-minded queen of the lfovas. Tho materialists are going in dead against mixed marriages ; tho greatest misfortune in their eyes, is a bride professing Christianity, or any religion. A secoud edition of Arthur Young's "Voyages in Franco " in 17S7S9,has just appeared: it is appreciated rather as a historical, than an agricultural and eco nomical work. Ho is blamed for not sympa thising with tho misery ho saw around him, while lie pities tho break-down of his post horse. Sterne, when in France, indulged in lamentations over a dead jackass. I notice that Young, when at Rheims, found; cham pagne to cure his rheumatism. ' At a recent socialist reunion, an " em ployer" denounced his own unhappy condi tion, liy which competition compelled him to adulterate his products. " Where was Venus born ?" "In Vene zuela, close to tho sea," replied tho pupil in his mythology. Student : "An invitation for the duchess' ball tonight, when I have just givon my only shirt to my laundress." i •; j 