The Very Rev. Dr. Cani. IN the Queensland Times, under the Heading "Vindication of the Very Rev. -Dr. Cani, there appears a long letter signed " Justitia. "To unprejudiced minds, few indeed among living priests ,havo such deep and maniioia claims on the lasting gratitude of Catholics in Queensland. Not to mention other works, are not the Cathedral and the fine commodious brick buildiijgs that have replaced the old slab humpies at Nudgee Orphanage monuments of his pious zeal during his former administra tion? Observant Catholics have seen and can not forget how, since then—preferring duty to case—God's glory and the salvation or souls te personal comfort or private interest—Dn Cahi, with piety that nhunned ootentatloh, has been devotedly occupied in arduous missionary labours. They have seen him, though advabced in years, earnestly toiling amid the hardships and discomfort* of Northern Queensland under the blare of a trojbical sun t while certain df thofte polite " adminiBtratort"-younger inch and less experienced p-riests-whd assailedhjW with their <M*d*\Mioua brtteifc Wei-e bb«il| basking in the undisturbed ,«ram«t «»[ balatiaT hixiiry ih more favbiired parts of their Master's vineyard. "And now, after long years of humble un remitting labour, the placing of the crouer in his hands is a meet recognition of his genuine worth. The mitre will rest with becoming grace and dignity on a head blanched in tne active and fruitful service of religion and charity. Long and successfully may he wear it, and may he be endowed with heavenly grace and wisdom to administer the sacred functions of so responsible an office in all things agree ably to the Divine will. To this thousands of tongues will respond a fervont ' Amen. For, in truth, the appointment of this venerablo priest to the new bishopric brings real joy to the heart of every Catholic who knows nun, save only that insignificant few to whom his elevation means discomfiture and personal dis appointment. On behalf of these and their prejudiced partisans, pious Catholics will charitably pray, 'Father, forgive them. The correspondent of the (Jtteetutland Times appends to his letter the following copy of Archbishop Vaughan's reply to the protest, recently published by us, from some twenty priests of this diocese, against Dr. Cams appointment as administrator: — Sydney, 3rd October, 1881. Dear Rev. Father Breen.-Now thut the sad rites connected with the death of and month s mind for the late lamented Bishop of Brisbane uro over, I hasten to acknowledge the receipt of a '' protest," signed and sent to me by a large nurnbor of the clergy, against the appointment or the vor^r Rev. Dr. U»ni as administrator " seeU vaeaiue of the diocese of Brisbane. « m ,m 1\. Nothing, I can assure the rev. clergy, would give me a greater personal pleasure than to meet fholr wishes when I can do so with a peaceful COnS 6T Che Very" Rev. Dr. Cani had already been appointed when the protest arrived. (6) And had such not been the case. I should have been opon to the censure of the Holy Sco if I had accepted the nomination by the olergy in the way proposed, as no rescript has been granted to this province so to modify common law, or to overlook the qualifica tions mentioned by the Sacred Canons. 2\. Regarding the plea put forward by the rev. clergy against the appointmont of the Very Rev. Dr. Cani— namely, his maladministration of the diocese during the Bishop's absence—the late Bishop, under the most solemn circumstances- when (he deepest interests of religion depended on his carefully considered judgment—empnatl cally recorded a declaration to the contrary, to be forwarded to the Holy See, a copy of which declaration I. at this moment, havo under my eyDear Rev. Fathers, let ua-as I dodaily-pray the Holy Ghost to send a bishop to Brisbane according to his own heart Let us not in any ■way make ourselves unworthy of so great a grace, whilst with best blessing and wieheß to all the rev. clergy, I am, dear Rev. Father Breen, Your faithful servant in Christ, t Roger Bedb, Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan. The Rev. James B. Breen, secretary. 