Mr. Trenbath returns to the discussion of the Yale's Reef management in a letter which appears in another column, and not to be wanting in courtesy to an opponent, and because the expected reply from the directors of the company to our inquiries respecting Mr. Kelley has not yet come to hand, we honor our corres pondent by commenting upon some of his remarks'. Mr. Trenbath's objec tion to the substitution of the word "men" for "miners" in our article dealing with his first letter is somewhat incomprehensible, and is certainly frivolous and unworthy of the issue being discussed. If there is any blame at all for the alleged misconstruction it rests with Mr. Trenbath for not having adhered to the test which we gave him in our previous issue, namely that " only skilled mm should be employed for positions of responsibility in connection with a mine," and for having himself used both words as synonymous terms in the one sentence which he says has been misconstrued. Not that we object to the words being used synonymously when they are so understood, for the term " miner" is frequently applied in a general way to every man who does manual woi-k in or about a mine if he be not an artisan, or professional man, or some one employed altogether outside of mining operations, and the term is so used by ourselves in the commence ment of our first article on the subject ; but to pervert the meaning of our com plaint and then shield himself behind a word to which he chooses to apply only a restricted interpretation is cowardly, and an illustratian of the mean spirit which evidently influences the Yale's manager as well as the Yale's manage ment. That JVlr. Trenbath desires to so shield himself would now appear from his statement, " I am prepared to prove thnt skilled and experienced miners are not employed on the brace." If he can not give the same assurance after using the word " men" instead of- miners" in the above sentence he might as well have saved himself the trouble of enter ing upon the controversy. "Whether the bracework at the Yale's is light or heavy is also outside the question, our contention being that it is one of res ponsibility, as affecting the safety of men and the company's property, and as such should only be entrusted to a trustworthy man having the requisite skill and experience for the proper per formance of his duties. Mr. Trenbath, however, shows a little more honesty in admitting that some of the underground men were underpaid, after he has been confronted with the statement of men who have actually worked in the ground ; but the amende honorable is not made so completely or with so good a grace so it might have been. In his first letter Mr. Treqbath said, " Previous tQ discharging some of th workmen ast Saturday, the mil) era employed undei ground were equal to any class of men employed in the colony for quartz mining. All these practical men were re- ' oeiving two pounds five shillings per week." Now he says, " With regard to employing men underground at 42s per week, I admit suoh was the case ; but they were not practical quartz . miners, and therefore had no claim to the higher wages, namely 45s per week." We are not going to be ungenerously severe with an opponent who acknow ledges a misstatement, so accept his admission respecting the under payment without comment; but having first endorsed the character for competency which the men enjoy amongst their fellows, it was not llberalonhis part to charge them with incompetency in order to cover his retreat from an un tenable position. After the admission ungraciously made by Mr Trenbath as above, his closing remarks about "ignor ance" aud "lying statements" are superfluous, and too ridiculous to be seriously noticed. As, however, he manifests a little more conscientiousness than may be looked for in this matter from other quarters, we must express our regret that he did not enter upon the 'Kelley " phase of the subject in reply to our recent inquiries. He may not be fully cognizant of all the circum stances alluded to, being (we believe) a new arrival in the district, but he surely knows something of them, and while Tfis public are burning with curiosity on the subject, and we are pos sessed with a laudihle desire for useful information, it is surely unkind of Mr Trenbath to be reticent when the smallest contribution would be thank fully received. It looks bad, also, that Mr Trenbath should omit all reference to this matter wbile dealing fully with most other portions of our remarks ; it looks as if our inquiries could not be answered save in the affirmative; but even so Mr Trenbath's admissions and opinions on the actions indicated, and on their probable effect upon public com panies and working men, would he very acceptable. The English mail will close at the Avoca post office at 2.45 p.m. on Monday next. Money orders should be obtained on Satur- day. An incident which recently occurred at a St Arnaud mine should be interesting to Mr Trenbath and the editor of the free Press, as showing one inconvenience which resulted from employing an inexperienced man at the brace. The man ordinarily employed at the landing, desiring a holiday, found a substitute, who went to sleep at his post, the result being that after the men below had knocked for an hour without engaging his attention they began to fear that some thing wrong had happened, and one of them had to perform the dangerous feat of climbing the shaft to see what was the matter. The only excuse offered by the substitute was that he did not understand the work allotted to him, and if the man who olimbed the shaft had been killed, or if any other accident had happened, no bet ter excuse would Have been forthcoming. If such an incideut as this occur on the employment of an inexperienced man at the brace for a single shift, what may be looked for at a mine, whore, aceordiug to the Vale's Reef manager, it is not con sidered necessary to employ experienced men in such a position. In last Saturday's issue of the Free Press, the proprietor of which paper is a direotar af the Yale's Company, appears the following passage in reply to some remarks made by us on the rate of wages paid by the company named : — "Now, the truth is that miners employed at Yale's Reef are paid the highest wages going, that is to say 45s per week, or the same rate of wage as is paid in the wet and dangerous mines at Homebush. What will the proprietor of the Mail say to that? a very little inquiry of the miners or of any one connected with the mine would have spared him the humiliation of being detected in statements which4 are wholly untrue, and which we defy him to sub stantiate." We had not occasion to make even ' a very little inquiry" in order to substantiate our remarks, as published in our last issue, the necessary information being voluntarily supplied to us by the miners themselves, and the defiance given in the above extract is kindly answered by no less an authority, than the mining manager of the Vales' Reef, who sub stantiates the story told by the men as to the rate of pay. Any more challenges p Mr William b;osanko has been returned unopposed as a member of the South Riding Board of Advice. The large and excellent stock of furniture kept- on hand by mr h. a- Harris, of Ballarat, is the subject of an advertisement published in another column. It is well worthy of the attention of persons desiring to obtain good quality furniture at the lowest rates, with a large variety to qhoose from. The weather during the last few days has been very cold and unpleasant. On Tuesday there was the strongest gale which has been known for a Jong time past, accompanied by rain. On Wednesday morning the residents of the township were suprised to see the summit of the Pyrenees, throughout their whole length, coveredwith snow, and later, in the day a few flakes fell in' the township. The snow-fall in the mountains must have been very heavy, as it had not all disappeared this (Eriday) morning. Our Elmhurst correspondent, under date of Wednesday morning, writes as follows: — We have just had a splendid fall ©f snow here covering the ground all round to the depth of about an inch. The house-tops and hills for miles round look beautiful in their white mantle. We are hoping that after this the weather will clear up, which event is anxiously looked for by some of those farmers who have not yet sown. The fall oE snow on Wednesday was very heavy in several parts of Victoria, and it also extended to the elevated districts of New South Wales. There were three feet of snow on Mount Buninyong, two feet at Mount Cole, and at Mount Mace- don the fall continued throughout the day. at Ballarat, according to report, the ' unusual occurrenee caused a partial ces sation of business, and hundreds of people and children assembled in Sturt Street to engage in the novelty of snowballing. Unfortunately, however, the play appears to have been unduly rough, the balls being packed so hard that several valuable plate glass windows were broken, and several persons were rather severely hurt. We remind miuing men and others that Mr Paten will sell the mining plaDt of the South Homebush Company by auction, on the claim, to-morrow. a telegram published by last night's Fvening Mail states that one of the mur derers of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr Burke has. been arrested in America, and that he hasonfessdhayiDg committed th? crime, The Sketches for the qutgoing mail con tains several good engravings, amongst the best being the illustration to "-Kit," the story beiqg published by the paper, and a plate entitled a Bush Barber." It will be observed that Mr t. Chuck, photographer, of Ballarat, directs by ad vertisement the attention of residents of this distriot to his portrait gallery. Mr Chuck is the taker- of gold medals for- ex cellence in photography at several interna tional exhibitions, aud his claim to be in the first rank of his profession is further recognised by the fact that his services are retained by the trustees of the National Gallery, Visitors to Ballarat from this part of the country should not omit visiting his establishment. As will be seen by a notice published elsewhere in this issue, mr and Mrs Hamilton will give their lecture on social sujects, with illustrations or practical pure- nology, at the Shire Hall this evening. On Monday Mrs Hamilton charmed all her hearers by her rhetorical powers, graceful language and undoubted elocutionary ability, and as to-night she will have tlie assistance of Mr Hamilton to make the en-. tertainment still more attractive there should be a full house. It has been unofficially intimated that the troops to.be furnished by the French Go vernment during the approaching opera tions in Egypt will be limited to 5,00.0 men, aud that France will join England solely for the purpose of protecting the Suez Canal. The British force to bo furnished will be .20,500 men. The Australian Eleven have defeated the Northumberland team in one innings with . 95 runs to spare. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser ad vocates a scheme for promoting the emigra tion of young woman from England to Victoria under agreements by which they would have to repay their passage money. The charge against the school teacher, Stocks, of Sale, for assuming a pupil, has been dismissed, witli £2 10s costs. The South Australian Government have expressed their willingness to facilitate the establishment of ostrich farms. Mr. Elsdou, late engineex-in- chief of the Victorian railways, intends settling in Sydney. General Grant, the late President of the United States, has been delivering a speech on the affairs of Egypt. He cordially ap proves of the action of England in forcibly interfering. Steps are being takeu for the formation of the torpedo corps. Ther e is said to be a Chinese ghost at Ararat Ladies of the highest rank in England are again wearing their hair cut short and curled. The township of Budjik, near Lillimur, is said to consist o.f two stores, an hotel, a policeman, and a bulldog. There are prospects of a famine in 2(ulu- land. Carlyle's grave is only marked hy a couple of decaying wreaths. _At Chicago a vessel was loaded with 75,uoo bushels of . wheat in eighty-eight minutes. a widow in England has written to thank the managers of the Sailors Rest at Sand- ridge for their kindness to her sailor boy. a proposal has been made in- the South Australian Parliament to render it compul sory on a newspaper editor to append to all articles the names of the writers. a married couple of Leavenworth, after living together thirteen years are asking for a divorce on the ground that they are unole and niece, a relationship which they have only just discovered. It is stated that larrikinism is greatly on the increase at TVarrnambool. Good progress is being mado with the de fensive works at the Heads, but the want of bricks is causing delay. An old man aged 65, named George Sexton, has died of starvation in his hut at Long Gully, near Sandhurst. no one kuew of his dire necessity until too late to save his life. - The Government have written to England for a lieutenant-colonel and two captains for service in the colony for five years. Eifty recruits have been enlisted for the permanent artillery corps. Edward Trickett has beefi presented with a sum of £450 subscribed by his friends and admirers. The team of English cricketers organised by the Hon. Ivo Bligh for a visit to Aus tralia during the approaching season has been oompleted. They will sail for Mel bourne by the Orient s.s. Austral in Oc tober. m. b. Carroll, formerely m.p. for Ararat, who has been serving a sentence for forgery, has had seven years of his sen tence remitted, and was discharged from Pentridge last week. Sir Garnet Wolseley, the commauder-in- chief of the British foroes in Egypt, is an Irishman discendod from an old English (Staffordshire) family. An excellent article detailing the achievements of Sir g-arnet Wolseley, written by Mr Archibald Eorbes, appears in Wednesday's Argus. a letter iu last Friday's Star draws attention to the auriferious reefs at Percy- dale, and suggests 'the employment of > diamond drills to test the reefs, and that some better - process for extracting gold from pyrites is required. a Russian proverb says : — Before going to war pray once, before going to sea pray twice, uerore getting married pray turee times. Three old ladies were buried in Geelong on Sunday wbo,se .united ages came to 259 years. There is a supposed case of small-pox in Sydney. . The telegraph is. making rapid way in China. Labour is at a premium iu New South Wales. .Plasterers are receiving 13s a day. It is considered impossible to acclimatise the herring in Australian waters. There are people in the interior of Egypt who have never seen a shower of rain. Flour is sold at £100 per tou at Bourke, At Cobar a ton of flour is worth a ton and a half of copper. 