" THE HORliOliS OF THE INQUISITION." (Christian Commonwealth.) The atrocious and abominable iniquity of the Roman Catholic Chnrch in years past must be written afresh, so that her true character be not hidden. In many ways she is presenting herself as " an angel of light." Amongst other devices, tbe following are prominent to the people of England -.—Great pomp in the services of the Mass; high-sounding and blasphemous titles; imposing ritual; splendid music ; philanthropic ecclesiastics; richly-dressed and gaily-adorned altars; priests in the newest and most costly attire; large numbers of Sisters of Mercy; hundreds of Jesuits, whose ranks have received considerable accession through recent importations; heavy sums of money expended in monastic institutions, convents, and colleges; and last, though not least, accumulating schools for the training of English children in the principles of Romanism. That our readers may better understand the grounds of our direct antagonism to Romanism, we quote the following extract in reference to the Inquisition, a name at which humanity has learned to shudder—a long and supremely cruel and wicked history compressed into one word. Instituted for the avowed purpose of suppressing heresy, it was established in every country which snbmitted to Papal authority. In Spain alone, it has been proved by the careful statistical investigations of Llorente that between the years 1481 and 1808 over three bnndred and forty-one thousand persons were condemned by this " Holy Office," of whom 31,912 were burned alive, 17,000 burued in effigy, and nearly 300,000 tortured and condemned to severe penances. Every Catholic country in Europe, A.sia, and America had its Inquisition, and its consequently unexplained arrests, indefinitely long imprisonments of innocent persons, its secret investigations, its horrible torture chambers and dreadful dungeons, its auto da fes, or burnings of obstinate heretics, and its thousand nameless cruelties and injustices. When the French took Toledo, and broke open the Inquisition prison there, we read : " Graves seemed to open, and pale figures like ghosts issued from dungeons which emitted a sepulchral odour. Bushy beards banging down over the breast, and nails grown like birds' claws, disfigured the skeletons, who., with laboring bosoms inhaled, for the first time for a long series of years, the fresh air. Many of them wpre reduced to cripples, the head inclined forward, and the arms and hands hanging down, rigid and helpless: they had been confined in dens so low they could not rise up in them . . . in spite of all the care of the surgeons, many of them expired the 6ame day. The light of the sun made a particularly painful impression on the optic nerve . . . On the following duy, General Lasalle minutely inspected tbe place, attended by several officers of his staff. The number of machines for torture . . . thrilled even men inured to the battlefield with horror; only one of these, unique in its kind for refined cruelty, seems deserving of more particular notice. "In a recess in a subteraneous vault, contiguous to the private hall for examinations, stood a wooden figure, made by the hands of monks, and representing the Virgin Mary. A gilded glory encompassed her head, and in her right hand she held a banner. It struck ns all, at first sight, as suspicious that, notwithstanding the silken robe, descending on each side in ample folds from her shoulders, she should wear a sort of cuirass. On closer scrutiny it appeared that the fore part of the body was stuck full of extremely sharp nails and small narrow knife-blades, with the points of both turned towards the spectator. The aims and hands were jointed, and machinery behind the partition set the figure in motion. One of the Servants of the Inquisition was compelled by command of the general to work the machine, as he termed it. When the figure extended her arms, as though to press some one most lovingly to her heart, the well-filled knapsack of a Polish grenadier was made to supply the place of a living victim. The statue hugged it closer and closer: and when the attendant, agreeably to orders, made the figure unclasp her arms and return to her former position, the knapsack was perforate^ to the depth ot two or three inches, and remained hanging on the points of the nails find knifeblades. To snch an Internal purpose, and in a building erected In honor of the trne faitb, was thj Madonna rendered & lament r 