Cfi(BSU.S' WIDOW. BY DORA RUSSELL, Auttor of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Vicar's Governess,' &c;, &c; [Published be special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIL— Lentosc. To ftellie's great surprise the aest post that arrived at the Gien brought a letter froia Lord Seaforth to tell her that he would be there en the following day. ' I want to look up old Campbell.' wrot3 Scaforth, ' so mind you are very sweet upon fciro, KeUie. He's a rough old bear, isn't he? But 1 want him to help me out of a hole at the present moment, and therefore we must make the best of him. And he isn't a bad fellow on the whole, so you tell him I shall be down I expect on Thursday, and that I am lookingforward. &c;, &c.; — anything agreeable will do — to have the pleasure of seeing him, or his blackcocks, or to speak the honest truth, some of his odd hundreds !' This letter grieved Nellie very much. She knew very little about money, and Margaret's careful hands had always kept the little household at home from the bitter annoy ances and worries of debt. It was a pang to her, therefore ; a pang that made her fair face flush and burn to think that her Murray, her hero, her husband, would condescend to borrow money of his friend. Alas, she knew not how low her hero bad fallen ! Lord Sea forth wanted money ; he must have money, and he cared very little how he got it. Nellie's honest pride received a rude shock from this letter. She felt ashamed to look in Strath cam's face the next time she saw him ; and her tongue faltered so much when she told him tbat Murray was coming, that Sfcrathearn looked at her in surprise. 'Did you give him my message?' he asked. ' Our letters must have crossed, I think,' said If eliie, still without looking up. ' I — I — wrote to tell him about Brady's illness — and that I had seen you — and he had just got this letter I think when he wrote the one I received this morning— he had not got my last letter — no, I did not give him your message.' ' All right— I will see him when he comes,' said Strathearn. 'He's coining on Thurs day, is be? I'll be down then on Friday morn ing, and we'll go out with the guns.' Seaforth did come on the Thursday, and he looked worn when he came. He had had no end of trouble, he told Nellie, and as he drew her to bis breast he gave a heavy sigh. 'And that fellow, Sfcrathearn?' he said. ' He's down here aii right, isn't he?' ?'Yes, dear, he is here,' answered Nellie. 'I want him to lend me five hundred pounds,' said Seaforth ; ' surely he'll do that for an old friend.' ' Oh. ! Murray,' said Nellie, laying her head softly on his shoulder, and looking up' in his face with her loving bright eyes, ' ' can't we do something— something else? I wouldn't mind hoTT poor we were —not a bit, not a bit ! Let us go abroad, dear, they say people cau live on so little there — or let us go to Aus tralia even, Murray— bat don't, if you can help it, borrow money of Stratheam.' ' But I can't belp it you. unpractical little woman. Go to Australia indeed— where's the money to conic from. * I cannot dig, to beg I am ashamed.' ' ' But it is begging,' urged Nellie, ' to borrow money you cannot pay. Oh ! Murray, my darling, let us face the world on even so little — if we are together, what matter ?'' 'Nellie,' said Lord Seaforth, gravely, 'it's eo use talking nonsense, and ii you're really fond of me; fl you are really the good little woman I believe you are, you will do what you can to help me, and not bother aud worry me. Kem ember, I've given up a great deal for you, Nellie, and so you niusn't be quite selfish.' Nellie did not speak ; she grew a little pale, and she lifted her head, tshe was thinking what she had done for Seaforth. She was thinking of her blind father, whose face rose reproachfully now often before her, as the misty twilight stole over the silent glen. ' l-cn't look cross, my little Sfell,' said Sea forth tenderly the next minute. 'Do you think I like this kind of thing? No ; but it is necessity, the necessity of my position.' Nellie sighed, but she made no further re monstrance. She loved Seaforth very dearly, and love beareth much, forgiveth much. But she felt sadder than she had ever done before while he was at Strathearn. She smiled, she put her hand tenderly in his, but all the while she was thinking of the grim shadow which she began to see hovered orer his head. She blushed and winced the next morning when she heard Strathearn's voice in the hall. Strathearn came in looking flushed, almost handsome. ' Well, old Strath !' said Seaforth, jumping up to welcome him with outstretched hand. ' So you and my little Nellie here have got quite gocd friends,' he added. Strathearn made no answer to this. He shook hands with Seaforth, and he shook hands with Nellie, and then he stood moving his tall figure about more awkwardly than he usually did. 'Thank you for being kind to her, and' lending her books,' continued Seaforth, ia the gracious, smilin? way which was natural to him, and which a few years ago had been his ordinary manner. ' It's very dull for the poor little woman sometimes, I suppose, down here, though she raves so about the beautiful mountains and their beautiful shadows and the beautiful lochs, and the beautiful I don't know what— that to judge from her letters, you might suppose she was living in Para dise !' And Seaforth gave a light laugh. ' Oh ! Murray,' said Nellie. 'Well, Nell, is'nt it true now? I'm not much given to envy and jealousy, but some times I do envy you, Strathearn,' and again Seaforth laughed. ' What for ?' answered Strathcavn. ' Why you couldn't stand the life here, Seaforth, more than a month ! We have no clubs here, no opera boulfe, no— a hundred things you care about. Bah ! man, you would be sick of your life in a week.' ' Perhaps I'm sick of it now,' said Sca forth in a low tone, and with a suddcu change of manner. Strathearn looked at him sharply. ' Bunipli ! down in your luck a bit, eh ?' he said. 'Yes, that's it,' said Seaforth, rcsuiniug his careless manner, ' something's _ wr.»ag either with my luck or my digestion — jr perhaps both.' ' Come out on the hills, then, the breeze will blow ycur ills away,' said Strathearn, 'the keepers arc here, and ? ' Here Strath earn glanced at Nellie. 'Yes, let us be off at once,' said Seaforth, starting up, for he was always ready to leave disagreeable thoughts behind if he could. ' But won't you — won't Mrs. Murray promise to join us,' said Strathearn, not locking exactly either at Seaforth or Nellie. ' What, Nellie !' laughed Seaforth, in sur ' It's an old promise, isn't it ?' said Strath earn, now looking straight at Nellie. 'When Seaforth came you said you would bring the luncheon basket to us, didn't you ?' 'Hush, there's no Seaforth here, dont forgtt tbat, eld Strath,' said Lord Seaforth. 'To be sure, Nellie, why shouldn't you bring the luncheon basket ; but how is she to know where we are ?' 'I'll send Donald down to direct her,' answered Strathearn, and on this agreement wey- par wit. Nellie watched the two men from the window until they were out of sight — Strath- earn, tall and stalwart, and Lord Seaforth, slender, handsome, and graceful. They both looked round (Strathearn first and then Sea forth) just as the dip of the hill on which the house stood hid them from Nellie's sight. Seaforth waved his hand when he saw Nellie at the window, and Nellie saw him laugh and say_ something to his companion, who went striding on, as if impatiently, over the rough and broken ground. After they were gone Nellie went to visit the sick keeper. Brady was propped up iu bed, and his dulled eyes were liied listlessly on the window opposite to where he lay. This window looked straight out on the craggy mountain sides which he would climb no more. For only in his dreams would the keeper crouch again in the wild gorges, wait ing and watching for the beautiful kuen scented children of the hills. He had fired his last shot at the antlered chief, looksd for the last time on the proud, reproachful ex pression of despair gleaming in the limpid eyes of the stricken and dying stag. Nellie spoke very gently to Brady ; she sat down beside his bed and began to read to him some of the news out of the sporting papers that Seafoith had brought down with him to the glen the night before. But as she read her mind wandered away, and followed Strathearn and Seaforth on the hills. Some thing in her Murray's manner to his friend bad made ber sure that be meant to ask Strathearn for a loan, and Nellie's heart beat f aster and her face tiushed with annoyanec end pain at the very thought. But in another hour or so she kne w that her surmise had been right. Donald duly re turned about half-past twelve o'clock to the Glen for the purpose of rowing Nellie down the loch to the spot where Strathearn had told bini they would be waiting for Mrs. Mur ray. They were waiting for her ; they had chosen a little sasdy beach to lunch on, and were sitting on some of the rough shiogie smoking when 2f eliie and her luncheon basket approached the shore. Both came forward toiielp her to land, bat while Strathearn was looking after the foo3, and opening the champagne basket, Seaforth slid his arm through Nellie's, and drew her a few steps aside. ' Isn't it splendid of Stratheara ?' he said. ?' I just hinted I wanted five hundred, and the jolly old fellow offered me a thousand at oaee ! I call it splendid of bini — it's awfully kiad — I don't know another fellow who would have done it in the way that he did. Nellie's face first flushed, and then grew a little pale at this news. Seaforfca, however, was overjoyed. A thousand pounds in ready money seemed like & gift from He&ven.; to him at this moment. He forgot the wasted thou sands and theusands ; forgot the yawning abyss in which this thousand would be as a drop in the ocean. But he had nosv ' some thing to go on with ;' a little mud dyke to stem the great sea that was gathering round him on every side. As be drank Strathearu's champagne (which Donald had had orders to bring down from the lodge) his boyish laughrer rang through the clear air. Stratheara drank champagne too, but he looked on with a grim smile at SeafortlTs hilarity. He knew well enough he would never see hia thousand pounds apain, and perhaps he knew also well enough why lie gave it. But though there was a grim look of amusement in his grey eyes and curling round the roughly-cut outline of his somewhat coarse mouth, Strathearn in his way made himself very agreeable. He planned other excursions, he had his joke and jibe. Then NeJlie knew that these two men had been together in scenes whose faint echo had never before reached her pure ears. She looked from one to the other with startled eyes, and Stratheam, rough as he was, was yet the first to perceive the changed look on the fair, girlish face. 'Come, shut up, old fellow,' he said to Scaforth ; and he rose as he spoke. Then the light- hearted, careless young lord, saw what his friend meant. He went up to Nellie and affectionately took her hand. ' Silly little ?woman,' he said. ' Have I offended her ?' Nellie did cot answer. She looked pale, and she presently said she was tired. Yet all the rest of the day no one could have been more tender, more lover-like, than Scaforth. His handsome face did not look worn, his manner was bright — not cynical or sad. He v.as like the old boyish Seaforth— the boy his proud mother had worshipped — the careless, thoughtless boy who had trifled away his fortune ; and now, still the same, was trifling with a woman's heart. Chaitee XXIII.— A Highland Stokji. During the next few days Strathearh and Lord Seaforth were constantly together. They were out on the hills generally until late in the afternoon, and then they came to the bouse in the Gien. Strathearn dined in tae Glen every day as long as his friend remained there. But, unexpectedly, one morning Sea fcrth received a telegram. He was forced, he told Nellie after he had read it, to return to town the same day that he received it. He pressed Strathearn to go with him, but Stratlic-arn shook his head. 'What, lose the best of the season here?' he said. ' Not I, my good fellow, not I.' Then Nellie went out of the sittiag-roooi whrre Seaforth had received bis telegram, which Strathearn had brought to the Glen, aud she beckoned Scaforth to follow her as sbe did so. When Seaforth did follow her he found her standing in her raoai, her blue eyes wet and stained with tears. ' ' Oh ! Murray,' she said when she saw him, end sbe ran up to him aud hid her face on his breast, 'don't leave me here alone again. Take me to London with you, Murray — please don't leave me here alone.' ' My dear child, what nonsense,' said Sea forth, sootbiDgly. ' How can I take you with me, Nellie? It is impossible, dear, starting off at a moment's nctice, as 1 aci obliged to do to-day.' Then Nellie burst into asudden and violent fit of crying, and lay there sobbing on Sea f orth's breast. 'Don't leave me,' she said, 'Murray, don't leave me.' Lord Seaforth was very much distressed. ' But, my darling,' he said, ' what can I do ? That telegram is of the utnio3t impor tance — you surely would not willingly ruin me, Nellie ?:J 'No, no, but it is so dreadful ta be alone— I ani afraid to be alone.' ' Strathearn will look after you, darling. What nonsense, Nellie. Do, my dear, not make things harder still for me.' He never thought that he was making things harder still for her. It suited hia. best that she should stay hidden away in this lonely glen, and what suited him best had been the way be had followed all through his reckless, careless life. He never meant to be cruel or unkind, or say a hard or bitter word. He never did say a hard or bitter word to Nellie. To have done so would have been against his nature — the nature that loved ease and pleasure too well to encounter a dis agreeable scene of any kind if he could pos sibly help it. He gave kisses and fond words to the poor little woman weeping and SGbbing on his breast. Kisses and promises that perhaps at the time he meant to fulfil. He would come back soon, she should go with him to town the next time he came to Strathearn. Nellie loving him — still believing in him — tried to dry her tears. She lifted her head from his breast, she looked into his face with her steady, true, appealing eyes. Their expres sion somewhat startled him. 'Why, little woman,' lie said, 'how much older you look ! You have gone from a girl into a woman now.' But she bad to be content with his vague premises. He went away_, and Nellie was left behind. Nellie was ill for a few days after he went, and while she was ill and con fined to her.^rcom with a severe cold, Brady, the keeper, was removed by Strathearn from the house in the Glen. Dr. Macduff pro nounced him well enough to travel, and also pronounced that he would never be able to fulfil his duties as keeper again. So Strathearn sent him back to Warwickshire. Kcllie, ever gentle and considerate, went out of her sick room to say good-bye to the poor keeper. She found the doctor with his patient, and the doctor's hard expression softened a little when he looked at Nellie's face. 'So I hear you've been ill yourself V he said, as he held out his hand. ' I suppose you were frightened of being poisoned by a country practitioner, as you did not send for me V 'Oh no,' answered Nellie, smiling; 'but I have only had a cold.' ' Well, you must take carcof your cold,'said -the doctor with some kindness of manner. He felt indeed sorry for this pretty young woman living in the lonely Glen. ' I will not detain you now,' said Nellie, 'as you are engaged with your patient, fiood-bve. Biadv.' she continued, going ud to the keeper, who was propped up in a chair, and she took one of his cold and still cramped hands in her own. 'I hope you will get safely home ; Warwickshire is your home, is it not?' 'Yes, my lady,' answered the man, and Nellie blushed all over her fair face, thinking that perhaps her secret and Sea forth'8 had been guessed by the household. As she was returning down the long narrow corridor that separated the servants' rooms from the rest of the house, she en countered Strathearn, whom she had not seen since Scaforth left, and who had also come to bid good-bye to the keeper. He stopped when he met Nellie, and held out bis hand, looking quickly and eagerly into her face. 'What have you been doing with your self T- he said. 'Good heavens, how ill you look ! Why, you must have been very ill.' 'Only a bad cold,' smiled Nellie. 'Bad cold, indeed ; you have the doctor at once, young lady.' 'No, indeed, I wont— it is really nothing.' 'You have not' and Strathearn's face darkened, 'been fretting, have you?' 'No, what nonsense;' and Nellie would have passed Strathearn, but in his rough im pulsive way, he clasped her hand. ' Look here,' he said, ' Mayn't I come and see you sometimes? If you want leave from Scaforth I've got it' (and his lip curled). ' I had a letter from him this morning, and he told me I was to be sure to look you up. So may I come ?' 'When I am better,' said Nellie, 'good morning now,' and she went back to her osni room, and fell sobbing on the bed. What, Murray could write to this man, and not to her. Ah poor little woman — Murray had written to Strathearn about what was of more consequence to him than all the women upon earth. He had written about his loan, and as Nellie lay weeping his thoughts were not of her, but of the money he was about to get from Stratbearn. After this Nellie's cold did not pass away very quickly. The weather grew stormy, and one morning when she awoke the moun tain tops were capped with snow. All that day the wind blew fiercely, and great black clouds lose dark and threatening. The waters of the Itch were rough and flecked »:'th white cres-.ted waves, and the birds flew cda/ing in the air as if seeking for shelter. Nellie grew almost afraid as the af fcorcoou darkened in. Donald was away — hs hadgoun with Brady as far as Edinburgh, but he was expected home before nightfall. But before nightfall aa absolute hurricane was blo«fiag down the glen. It came thundering, roaring down the gorges, dashing against the ioneiy house, and howling as if iu rage and despair as it swept on, uprooting the great trees, aad hurling every small thing ic met as a piav thing in the ah'. Tiie two women in the house were terrified. They came crouching and trembling to the sitting- room door, where Nellie wa3 standing pale and afraid. Nellie called them in, sad the three women sat together, while the wild tempest raged outside, and weird strau^e Eoi=es were all around. Suddenly a terrific crash was hoard over head. ' It's the windows.' said the old Highland housekeeper, falling 'on her kucea ; and then in Gaelic she began waiiicg, and called aloud for R.-ercy. 'We must gee what it is,' said Nellie, trjicgto be brave. 'If it is tha wiadosrs they must be fastened up somehow, or the fcense will be blown down.' Bui both the women refused to stir oai; of the room. They dare not go, they said, and so Nellie took up -l sniiii lamp that, was standing lit on the tabic, and as steadily a,t uhe could began to ascenu the st»ir3. Just as she reecbed the first landing, on the range of which stood tiie principal bedrooms, another crash sounded in her own room, and Nellie ojeKf d the -2t-or, and as she did so a great gut-t of wind swept past her, and at the same moment the bell of the outer door of the house rang violently. The two women downstairs (thinking ii wa,z Donald) ran gladly to open the door. They opened it, but not Donald, but Strathearn, pale and tempest-worn, stood before them. He almost tottered into the house, he was utterly spent acd breathless. ' Where is Mrs. Murray ?' he panted out, sinking down en one of the hall chair*. 'I did not like ths idea of helpless women being left alone on a night like this.' All this while the eddying wind was sweep, ing into the yet open hall door, which tfio women were now trying to close and look. The fierce current of air rushed ap the stair case, it met the wild gusts blovnng into the broken windows of the bedroom, on tae threshold of which Nellie stood. The nei.: instant the far window, which had still heiu out, gave way, and as Nellie stood trying +-. shelter the Limp, a large piece of broken pla*-^ glass was burled by the force of the wrvi right against her forehead, and, with a loua cry of pain and fear, she fell on the floor. Strathearn heard that cry, and started to bis feet. He ran upstairs — along the corridor —he called aloud. All was dirk, the lamp was extinguished, the fierce wind was sweep ing and howling in, but amid the din Strathearn beard a moan at his feet. To stoop down, to lift Nellie in faisarni3, to svnty her into the dimly-lighted ball, was the worir of the next minute. Tben, when Strath-«ara saw her face-^-when the light fell on it — a cry burst from his lips. 'My God,' lie said, 'is she killed? Oh ? my God !:- Her face was covered with blood, her fair lisir was wet and stained, and her arms hung limply down. But only for a moment was Stratbearn overcome. The next he carried her into the sitting rooni, laid her oa a couch, sr.d was shouting and scolding at the two women with all his might. The women were fiightened at his wi'd pas sion, and rati hither and thither to get remedies to restore her. For a few minutes Stratbearn was thug left alone with the sense less Nellie. Then he fell down before her on his knees by +hc couch, and clasped her cold nerveless hands asd kissed them, and laid them against bis breast. 'I am a fool, a fool,' lie murmured, ' a mad fool — but I cannot help it' The women came running back, and Strathearn ste :ied to his feet. i5ut when ia vain they tried to recover her, his excitement became terrible to witness. ' Ee was like a madman,' the housekeeper afterwards said, and as he paced the room, biting his Iip3, frowning, and with his eyes baJf starting from his head, he looked cer tainly like a man deprived of reason, Half-an-hour passed and Keilic still lay cold and motionless, and then the house door bell again rang loudly. This time Strathearn ran to open it. 'It's Donald,' he said _; and it was Donald. The man was in a terrible state. To cross the looh in such a storm was impossible, and Donald bad walked above sixteen miles arnid the fierce tempest, and in the blinding rain. He was quite storm-beaten, and eagerly drank the whisky that Strathearn held towards him. When be hal recovered his breath a little, Strathearn clutched him fiercely by the arm, and led him to the sitting-room door, from whence they could see Ifellie lying like a dead woman on the couch. ' Look there— a terrible accident has hap pened,' he said in a hoarse whisper. ' She must have a doctor — either you or I must go to fetch Macduff to-night ?' ' It's worth a man's life to go out iu such a storm, Strathearn,' answered Donald almost solemnly. ' One of us must go !' said Strathearn, stamping his foot heavily down in his strange excitement on the floor. 'But be it so — I'll go — you stay here and help the women if you can.' 'Nay,' said Donald, laying his hand on his master's arm, 'that shall_ not be, Strathearn — if one has to give his life^ ? ' ' Fool I' interrupted Strathearn, roughly pushing away his old servant's hand, and going up to the stand in the hall on which the coats and wraps were hanging, ' what is your 3ife or mine to hers?' Donald looked with bis solemn eyes into his master's face. 'That may be, Strathearn,'he said. 'Well, Fm ready— I'll go.' ' I'll double your wages if you will,' said Sfcrathearn, eagerly. ' And tell Macduif — tell him I'll give him a hundred pounds if he'll come straight to the Glen to-night.' ' Ay,' answered Donald, wrapping on his drenched plaid. ' It's a case of life and death,' said Strath earn, urgently. ' Ay, again said Donald, and then he looked wistfully round the hall. 'Good night, master,' he said, the next moment, and he held out his hand. ' I've served ye long — I'll do my best to-night.' 'Yes, go,' said Strathearn, in his im patient haste, and as he spoke he unbarred the door, and Donald went?out alone into that wild and awful night. Chatter XXIV.— Donald. All through this dreadful night (now ever memorable in Scottish annals) the tempest literally raged and howled round the house of Strathearn. One stack of chimneys fell with a tremendous crash, but luckily this did no mischief, as it fell on some of the out houses. But the noise yet more terrified the two trembling women, who clung to Strath earn shrieking with fear. Stratbearn by this time had grown calmer. He put the women aside, and went up into the bedrooms, and fastened the strong iron bound thutters over the broken windows. He went indeed all over the house, and secured it as best he could against the storai. Then he went back and stood looking at Nellie's death -like face. Long he stood ' glowering at her' — the two women whis pered to each other — with almost as wild a tempest raging in bis own heart, as that which was moaning and howling in the air. Of what was he thinking? Scarce could the man have dared to answer this question, so how can we? Did he wish her to die'' Then Seaforth could never have come again with his careless love, and his light laugh. But no, no — not to die — and Strathearn turned away with a kind of groan, thinking of his madness, wishing that Nellie's fair face had never come to the lonely Glen. Up and down the room he paced— up and down. Nellie still lay in the strange stupor from which nothing could rouse her. It was not a faint, Strathearn knew now, and it was not death. It was some injury to the head, perhaps the brain, and so the hours wore on, and no Donald came back, and no doctor appeared. Then as the dawn approached, the wind somewhat subsided. It began moaning and sighing up the wild gorges, as if tired of its fierce strife. Strathearn opened the shutters and looked out. A faint streak of light was breaking in the east, and as he watched it spread — struggling amid the mists and vapors — he determined to go out in search of the doctor and Donald. A drenching rain was still pouring down upon the earth. Indeed nothing could be more desolate than the whole scene. Grey, dark, and dreary, the mountain tops hidden by the thick mist, the loch black and stormy, the sky sullen and leaden tinted. But still Strathearn resolved to go. Wrapping a plaid round him he started down by the right side of the loch, plunging every step he took in the rough, rain-sodden ground almost to his knees. As he went on the wreck wrought by the tempest of the night before became only too plainly visible. Great fir trees uprooted, huge blocks and masses of stone rolled down f lom the mountain sides obstructed his path. But still he went on — he grew uneasy about Donald — remembering that amid the dark ness and the storm he had sent his faithful servant out to struggle against the same obstacles which he now had to encounter. About three miles from the Glen he came upon a most extraordinary sight. Here a little forest of fir trees, winch grew almost to ibe edge of the loch, had been almost totally up-rooted. They lay across the narrow path tt ay, completely blocking it, an! Strafutiarn . vas about to turn back in despair, wliea a faint moan struck upon his ears. He stopped, he listened— then another mean sounded from beneath some of the fallen trees. Strathearn climbed over the rest of the trunks until he came to the spot from whence he thought the moan had pro* ee^ded. When with great difficulty he reached it Le saw lying under one of the trees the iigorc cf a man He knew him in an instant. It was Donald — Donald, rain - soaked battered, apparently dying. 'Donald!' cried Strathearn, in 'horror, 'DoBaid!' Then the crushed mass lying beneath slightly moaned, und & feeble voice said — *' Strathearn, master?' ' Vr-s, it is I,' said Sf.rathearn, and h& Jeapi (;ff tbe u-uiik on which he was standing, and «ot down between two of the faliea trees, and lifted the cr uihcd_ and broken f oral that lay beneath teiiderly ia liis arms. He was a rough man. Stralhearn ; yet as be fceid his old servant; in bis arms, this scarcjy seemed so. lie laid Donald's head, against his br-ast; he took ofi; his ovra plaid ai-d mapped it round him, aad then he got cut his flask and forced soaie of the strong wbisfcy between Doualii'a rigid iips, and ruhbt-u hia hands wif.h it, and palled off the raic-soaked boots and poured the spirit oa bis feet. It revived the sicking man. He opened bis eyes, he lookad wildly round, first at the grey sky and tben in his master's face. ''I— I — }-ra-ed to live, Strea shears,' he said, ' prayed to live — I — I tried all I could — but. I got felled — I could go no further.' The old devoted spirit still lingered here ia the lonely deserted glens, which once had thrilled thousands of Highland hearts and sent them forth to die at their master's bid ding on Culloden's bloody field. The man's word greatly moved Strathearn. He too came of the old stock, when master and servant were bound together by such strong terri torial ties. ' Hush, man, you will not die,' he said, and he dashed hia own brown hand against his eyes as he speke. 'Why, Donald, you're a brave lsd, and will pull through yet I Here, man, drink some more whisky, and let me prop up your head. I'll run on as fast as I can for these confounded ruts to the Afaein tyres. Ill get Duncan to come back with me, and send Jim on for the doctor. Come, Donald, keep up your heart, I'il soon be back. In fact, Strathearn saw by Donald's face tbat it was absolutely necessary that the man should at once have all the aid that was possible. His face was pallid, absolutely clammy, with perhaps the dews of death ; and so Strathes.ro, with his great strides, and thankful for his long, strong limbs, com menced plunging on. in search of help. Two miles further en the way stood a lonely cottage inhabited by three shepherds — a father and two sons— in the sarvice of; Strathearn. These men (the Macintyre3- were just about to 3tart in the early dawn, to look after their scattered flocks, when Stratheam, all breathless and soiled by mud and rain, appeared before them. To tell his errand, to send one of the lads as fast as his feet could carry him to the scat tered village of Gleamaily, still seven mile3 further ob, where dwelt Dr. Maeduff ; to get a hurdle covered with blatikets, and to be speeding back to where Donald lay, did not take many minutes to the energetic Strath earn. Old Duncan Macintyre and his son accom panied, him. When they reached Donald he lay like a dead man, so ghastly, so white, so still, that a cry burst from his master's Iip3, But he was not dead ; he heard that cry ; he smiled feebly in Strathearn's face. 'Thank you, master,' he said, as Strath earn took his cold hand in his own hot trembling one. Then, as tenderly as rough men could, Donald was carried back to the Glen. They thought first of taking him to Macintyre a cottage, but Donaid prayed hard to be taken home. 'I would like to die there, Strathearn,' he said wistfully, and after that what more conld be said ? So through the* slush and mud they bore the keeper back to Strathearn. It was a perilous walk, but the sturdy Highland men ?were used to danger. At last they reached the Glen, and with a kind of sigh of relief Strathearn saw Donald borne into the kitchen of the house, and laid before the hot coal fire. Then grim and pale with strong emotion he went to the sitting- room door to enquire after Nellie. ' She looked a wee bit better,' the house* keeper told him, 'but still had not come round.' unue ne was enquiring about her, the doctor arrived from Glenmally. ' Nice weather, eh, Strathearn ?' he said,,' as jocularly as usual. ' I bear you have got a hospital ready for me?' ' Tush man,' answered Strathearn, irnpa* tien'flj ; 'two lives are banging on a thread.' Then the doctor went into the sitting-room and stayed there more than half an hour. When he came out he found Strathearn. Wblking up and down the hall outside. ' Weil '( ' a^ked Strathearn, unable to con trol his anxiety as soon as the doctor ap reared. ' Cajttain Murray, or Captain whoever he is, won't be a widower this time,' answered the doctor with his hard smile. ' It's a slight concussion of tbe brain, but she'll come round, only she'll not be quite such a pretty woman as she was, for it's an ugly cufc on her white brow.' ' What matter,' said Strathearn, under his breath, ' if only she lives — what matter how she looks.' 'Humph,' said the doctor, drily, feeling in his heart some pity for Strathearn. 'So it's gone as far as that,' he thought, 'poor fellow.' But his report of Donald was not so favor able. Donald had received terrible internal injuries, and a bad compound fracture of bis right leg, and was bruised and crushed all over his body. One of the trees had literally fallen on him, and MacduiPs hard face wore no smile when he came out of the kitchen after his examination of Donald. ' The poor fellow has got his ' quietus,' I fear,' he said to Strathearn. 'Whatever sent him out on such a night as yon?' Strathearn turned away his head with a groan. 'I sent him,' he said. 'She— was lying like a dead thing — I sent him for you.' 'Humph,' again said the doctor, but he forbore to make any further remark. He felt sorry for Strathearn, whose brown face had grown so pale and haggard when he beard the doctor's opinion of his faithful servant, Chaptek XXV.— A Daek Struggle. The doctor stayed at the Gien until Nellie recovered consciousness. ' Well,' he said, when he saw she recog nised him, 'so you've been obliged to send! for me after all, you see. You'll have some idea now of a Highland breeze, eh ?' 'It was an awful storm,' said Nellie, in a low faltering voice, and she looked curiously round. ' The glass struck my head, didn't it ?' she said. 'Very well it didn't knock out your bright eJ es,' answered the doctor. ' We can patch the white skin, but the eyes would have been a little beyond a country practitioner, eh.V* and the doctor chuckled. 'And Donald?' said Nellie. 'Did Donald get safely home ? We expected him last night from Edinburgh, you know, doctor.' ' He's home,' said the doctor briefly, and Nellie knew nothing more for many days. She had to be kept quite quiet, the doctor said, and so she was never told how Donald lay dying, it was supposed, under the same roof. Strathearn was in a terrible state about Donald, but the man himself was calm, com posed, and apparently happy. 'Don't fret so sore, Strathearn,' he said one day to his master, ' I was getting an old man — and we all must go when the Lord calls — but by your leave I would like a talk wi* the minister.' Donald had a favorite 'minister.' A man rugged, stern, half -starved, but 'powerful,'* so said the keeper. Once every month he used to come over the hills, and hold a service in a lonely little hut by the loch, and during these services Donald had found rest and re freshment for his souL So now, as he lay face to face with death, he longed once more to hear the 'minister's' fiery, impassioned words. Strathearn hated black-coats. 'Canting: hypocrites,' ' psalm-singing rascals,' were some of tbe mildest terms he usually applied to them. But Donald's wishes were now law* Never before in Strathearn's time had the Rev. MacBrayne, or indeed any other reverend, crossed the doorstep at the Glen, But now, to please Donald, the Rev. Mac Brayne was invited to do so. He came ' re joicing,' he said to the grim Strathearn, who went to receive him but was quite determined to listen to none of his preachifying,' But to Donald, MacBrayne came as a mes senger of Light. No sleek parson was this; no comfortable, easy-going man, but a stern mortal facing immortality, and resolutely fighting the dark foes that he believed would laugh their wicked laughter in hell if bis foot stumbled. With this rugged enthusiast .Donald was closeted more than an hour, and then before he left the house the minister sought an in terview with Strathearn, determined to ad minister ' a word in season' to the godless master. But Strathearn was wary as a hawk. *' Our dear friend upstairs is bound fora better world, Strathearn,' began the Bev. MacBrayne in his deep sepulchral voice. ? ' He's been a good servant in this, at all events ' answered Strathearn sturdily. 'Ah, but, Strathearn, the service of this world is but as a sounding brass and a tink ling cymbal when we stand on the threshold, of the eternal.' ' Have you had the wind in the east down at Ai'dlinuke these last two days?' enquired Strathearn, with interest, going to tha window. 'I take little heed of the winds. Strata earn,' said the minister, 'they blow hither and tbilfcer, but it is no veering point en ?which I fix my gaze. But, even speaking of the 'winds— see liow the summons can come even in them to the atout and healthy— oar dear friend upstairs went out bnt a week ago, veil and strong, yet the blast of heaven struck lsim low ! It might have happened to you or I, Stratfcearn.' 'I've a cold and am rather deaf,' said Strathearn, rubbing his left ear, and coolly iiiterrapting the minister. ** I will then lift my voice to a higher key,' continued MaeBray^e, now absolutely shout ing-, 'As I was saying in a moment ? ** 'An, Mr. MacBrayne, 'none so'tleaf as those who won't hear,'' again interrupted Strathearn, with bis grim smile. 'Don't waste your breath, man — if you like to come and see Donald, and he likes to have you, you're welcome — but every man to bis taste, and preachifying is not to mine. Bat don't you think, for all that, that I'm a heathen, iiid don't believe in my Maker— but to my mind a man gets no nearer to Him by *xalavering about it to another man, though that other man may be a deal better than himself ! No— it is all between oneself and God, and God gives us conscience to show us how far we go astray.' 'But as a, help Strathearn?' urged the minister. 'I want no fellow sinner's help, said Strathearn roughly ; and so MacBrayne was forced to go awav, and did so, believing that Strathearn hai allowed the Evil One, in the shape of arrogance, to take possession of his heart. But in spite of this Strathearn was as good as his word, and allowed the Rev. MacBrayne to come as often as be liked to see Donald, and Stratheam would even look after the good man's creature comforts, and once slipped a five-pound note into the lean hand of the ill- paid and hard-working minister. 'It will help you a bit with your poor,' said -Strathearn. 'Ah. Strathearn, if I thought I did any good' — hesitated the minister, alluding of course to Strathearn's spiritual condition. 'You do good if it pleases my faithful servant to see you,'' answered Strathearn witii a certain dignity of manner ; and after this affair of the five-pound note the Rev. Mas JBrayne began to hope that Strathearn's heart was not quite given over to diabolical influ ences. Bnt as the days went on Strathearn him self began to doubt whether indeed the evil one had not taken possession of his heart. For a fierce struggle— fierce as the man's strong rough nature — was constantly disturb ing him. This struggle was between his sense -»f nonor to his friend, and a strange power ful infatuation which bad swept over him as a tempest. In vain he tried to keep out of the Glen ; in vain did rough work on the hills — only to Ining the spoils of the chase and lay them -not literally) at Kellie's feet. He never saw her for weeks after her accident, but he was always pursued by a fair faced shadow which foUowedhim. whithersoever he went. Fruit and Bowers came to Nellie in her sickroom,and all sorts of luxuries, but he never asked to see her. One day, however, when he unex pectedly walked into the sitting-room at the Glen, the fair face was there, only changed and worn, and with a red mark on the white brow, which the fair curly hair did not hide. ' Strathearn !' said Nellie, holding out her hand with a smile, and Strathearn went up to her, surprised even himself (though he knew his folly) at his own overwhelming emo tion. He tried to bide this by a little extra roughness. 'So you're down, are you*' he said. ' Humph \ can't sav you look very well.' ' Kb, indeed,' said Nellie ; 'it's a frightful mark, isn't it? But,' she added, blushing softly all over her white face, ' I hope it will go away a little before Murray comes.' These words absolutely sent a pang of bodily pain through Strathearn's whole being. 'I've had several letters from him, of eourse,' continued. Nellie. 'He said once he had heard from you— thank you for not telling W™ bow ill I have really been, for it would only have made him miserable, poor fellow— it was very kind and thoughtful of you not to do so.' Strathearn suppressed a groan. He knew ?well enough it was not to spare Seaforth's feelings that he had not told the whole details of Nellie's accident. It was from a mad jealous feeling that Seaforth might come to lier if be knew how much she had needed his presence. So Strathearn had made light of her illness and of the whole affair. It was a kind of pleasure to him (a miserable plea sure at best) to think that he (Stratheara) had done every thing for her, that his hand bad showered luxuries upon her, though he knew ail the while she was not thinking of him. but of the careless handsome young man who had won her heart, and then took so little trouble to keep it. ' You have been very good to me, Strath earn,' presently said Nellie, in her old pretty vay. 'I really do not know how to thank you for all your kindness— Murray must thank you when he comes.' 'He may keep his thanks to himself,' gruffly said Strathearn, and Nellie looked up in his face absolutely surprised at his rude ress. 'You have not quarrelled?' she said anxiously. 'No, no— quarrelled— why should I quar rel with him? I have never seen him — have been here all the time, backwards and for wards—for lam so anxious about Donald.'** ' And is Donald better?' asked Nellie. 'Can't tell— the doctor says he has a won derful constitution— but I don't know.' 'And is he so ill as that?' said Nellie; then Strathearn remembered that she did not feuow — that the doctor had impressed upon them that she was not to know. 'He'll pull through all right, I daresay,' -said Strathearn, taking up his cap. ' Well, I am glad to see you better— good day.' And so Strathearn went away, and Nellie kept wondering what had offended him and put -him in such a very bad humor. But though he went away from the house and back to the Lodge on the hills, before nightfall he wasagain wandering in the lonely Glen. He saw the moon rise and silver the 'white mist, -and the mountain tons, and the gable roof of the house, and shine on the window-panes. Restless, passionate, in a rage -with himself and all the world, Sfcratheirn wandered like a ghost round and round his 'home, and then he made a sudden resolve. He would go away — he would make a fool of himself no longer— he would bid the little woman eood-bve in the moraine, and he would see her face no more. When the morning came he still held to his purpose. Pale, haggard, and excited, about twelve o'clock, he walked into the sitting room where Nellie was, and he held out bis hand without any preamble. ' Good-bye,' he said, 'I have come to say good-bye— I'm off to Paris.' 'I'm sorry you are going,' said Nellie, 'I hoped you would stay till Murray came— he will' be disappointed not to see you.' Strathearn made no answer. He bit his lips ; he stood there looking straight in her face. ' I am so much obliged to you for all your .kindness,' said Nellie. Then Strathearn spoke in a trembling and broken voice, for he was wrestling with, him -self with all his might. 'Be kind to Donald,' he said. 'I would not have left him,but— but it is better I should go.' Something in his manner agitated Nellie in spite of herself. She saw, indeed, that some violent emotion was almost overpowering Slim. *f I will gladly be kind to Donald,' she said, trying to speak in her ordinary manner. ' I like Donald, he is quite a friend of mine.' 'Thank yon: God bless you,' said Stratli earn, and then be wrung ber band, and with out another word hurried from the room. But before he left the house he went to bid his old servant good-bye, and the first tears that had wet Donald's eyes since his accident -dimmed them when he heard his master was -about to leave Mm. 'And must ye go, Strathearn?' he said 'wistfully. ' It will not be long now— and I would ha' liked ye to follow me to the grave?' ' Tut's man — well, I'll promise — if I'm alive to do it I'll follow you,' answered Strathearn with a sort of nervous laugh, and speaking in the rough way that he often did when he was .greatly agitated. Donald held out his hand, which was now, alas, neither brown nor hard. ' Fare-thee-well, then, master,' he said. *' Maybe m see thy face no more until I see it among the thousand and thousands of ths redeemed standing before the Lard— let me see thee there Stratheajn— and the Lord keep thy foot from stumbling, and thy lips that they speak no guile I' The man's earnestness and solemnity yet more affected Stratheara. He averted his bead, his hand trembled in that of his old servant, and no scoffing word rose on his lips, though had the Kev. MacBrayne thus Bddressed him, there doubtless would hive done so. ' If you get worse,' he said in a moment or two, speaking in a husky voice, ' ask— her to write to me — I will give you au address that ?will always find me— and I will come back.' 'The lady f enquired Donald. 'Yes— here, give her this address if she ?wants it — and now Donald good-bye,' and the next moment Strathearn was gone. 'He has an awful look on his face,' said the old highland housekeeper in Gaelic to her assistant, as she watched her master take his ?departure. 'Ay, Elspeth — I wish Strathearn stray not have seen his wraith.' CffA'rrai XXVL— Carried Out i»t the Snow. The house in the Glen was very quiet after Strathearn went away. Upstairs Donald lay «Jying— each day bringing him visibly nearer imd nearer to the great change, which his faithful and trustful soul approached with awe, but sot with dread. Even the gloomy MacBrayne— who was more apt to regard his Maker as a God of jealousy and wrath, than as a forgiving sad merciful Father— was satisfied with Donald's spiritual condition. ' He was a faithful servant,' he said ; and so looking out on the wild hills, where he had spent his life, or upwards— beyond— to the world which his faith clothed with, such exceeding glory, the keeper lay waiting for the hour when the old life was to be left be hind and the new and glorious one to begin. In these last days Nellie spent much of her time with Donald. The man's perfect faith and quiet confidence made a deep impression on her. For him none of the ancient land marks had ever been swept away. The sad and thoughtful scorn of modern schools had come not near him. He might have seen with his mortal eyes the holy thorn-crowned head, or his risen Saviour walking in the garden, so firm was his belief in these things ; so sure his rest in what they had wrought for him and all the erring children of men. This was a better deathbed, was it not, than drifting out into the vasb sea without an anchor? Nellie had heard Seaforth tWrise and scoff in his light way, and Stratheara argue with his hard and bitter tongue. Bat what had they taught her? Nothing 1 She learnt more by the bedside of the dying keeper than she could ever have learnt from these men, than perhaps she could have learnt from the most brilliant essayist and philosopher of the time. Donald told Nellie in his simple way hov Strathearn had promised to follow him to the grave. 'His father, the old laird, followed my father,' said Donald, 'and it's a respect I asked fra' him, and he promised; and Strathearn's not one to break his word.' ' I do not think he is,' said Nellie, scarcely knowing what to say. ' So when the time comes,' continued Donald, 'would ye be so good, lady, as to let him know: he left me this to give ye.' And Donald held out the address which Strathearn had given him, which was to a club in Paris. Kellie took the address, and then turned sadly away. She felt very sad and very dreaty. weeks and weeks had passed since Lord Seaforth had been to Strathearn, and when Nellie had last written to him she bad urged him to come and take her back with him to town before 'the dreary winter came.' But to this request Seaforth had only replied by vague excuses. He ' could not at present,' he wrote. His 'darling Nellie,' 'his fair-haired love,' must wait a little longer. Pretty phrases and fond words came very naturally from Sea forth. But he allowed his darling Nellie, his fair-haired love, to pine and fret in soli tude. Dr. Macduff even spoke to Nellie, and asked her when her husband was coming, so sorry had the jocular doctor become for the pretty woman living in the lonely glen. Indeed the robust and rosy lady who bore the doctor's name, and dwelt with him in the scattered village of Glenmally, either did or pretended to become jealous of her doctor about this time, and used to question him pretty closely about his constant visits to Strathearn. ' Slacdufiy' she said, addressing him one evening, with some sternness and solemnity of manner, though to do the good woman justice she bad first placed a steaming glass of hot toddy in the tired doctor's hand ; ' Macduff, have I been everything to you that a wife should be all these years ?' 'Indeed you have, my dear,' answered the doctor, with a- twinkle of Ms mesry brown eyes. 'I have no complaints to make — none.' ' Then how is 'it, Macduff, at your age — fifty gone— they say you go g&Iavanting; after a light-o'-love ?' 'My dear!' (with another twinkle) 'in- credible.' 'They say ? 'continued the injured Mrs. Macduff. ' Who say i' asked the doctor, stenten tiously. 'It's the common country talk, Macduff; they say you are always going to the Glen of Strathearn.' 'And so I am, my dear ; but what for ? To see poor Donald, the keeper, who is drifting fast away, in spite of all I can do for him. And as for Mrs. Murray, the young lady who is living there, all I can say is that a better or prettier young married woman I never set my eyes on, and I who have known you these twenty years ought to be a good judge.' Mrs. Macduff smiled; this delicate and judicious compliment mollified her, but all the same she determined to watch ber Mac duff pretty closely, believing, perhaps with justice, ' that men were not to be depended on.' But even Mrs. Macduff saw that the doator had been speaking the truth about the cause of his frequent visits to the Glen, when, a day or two later a note was brought one morning by one of the Maclntyres, who was living at the Glen to supply the place of poor Donald. This note was from Nellie, and the doctor wisely handed it across the breakfast-table to his wife to read. 'Dear Dr. Macduff,' she read, ' will you come at once when \ ou reeeive this, for I f ear poor Donald is sinking fast. He is uncon scious while I am writing this. 'Yours truly, 'Elmnor Murray.' ' Poor fellow !' said the doctor. ' Well, he was a decent man, and Strathearn has lost a good servant— but I knew from the first he couldnt live.' Then the doctor ordered his stout pony to be brought round, and put on his stout over coat to resist the keen wind, and as he did so his wife came softly behind him and kissed his brown hard cheek. ' What's that for my dear?' said the doctor turning round with a smile. 'I've been stupid about this lady in the Glen, I suppose, confessed Mrs. Macduff. 'Poor Donald!' 'Ay, you have been stupid my dear,' said the doctor, patting his wife under her rosy chin. 'D'ye think when I've got suih a fine woman as you at home, I'm likely to look else where? Not I — here give me another kiss my lassie.' And Mrs. Macduff having com plied with this request, the doctor rode quickly away. But before he reached Strathearn Donald's sufferings were over. He had crossed the dark valley, he had wrestled the last foe, and he now lay calm and still with the smile of victory on his placid face. ' The change came about daybreak,' Nellie told the doctor. ' He sent for me, and his last words were, 'Write to Strathearn;' and | when I promised he smiled, and after that he only muttered something I could not make out, and then he just seemed to fall asleep. It was a very peaceful death.' 'He was a good man,' said the doctor, clearing his throat. 'And— will you write to Strathearn?' ' Oh, yes,' said Nellie, in her frank way ; ' he wished so much for Strathearn to follow him to the grave. I hope Strathearn will get the letter in time.' The doctor promised to post it at once if Nellie would write it. Nellie did write it, and the doctor also promised to have a tele gram forwarded from the post-office at Glen mally, so that Strathearn might know as soon as possible of the death of his faithful ser vant. But two days after Donald's death when Nellie rose in the morning and looked out, she saw before her a world of snow. Snow mountains, snow valleys ; snow down to the edge of the loch, whose waters looked black and stormy with the contrast. A heavy fall had occurred during the night, and as the day wore on the air began again to fill with the white, noiseless particles, which came floating down thicker and thicker, faster and faster. In the kitchen the servants looked out on the increasing storm with the greatest dis may. It has been arranged that Donald was to be carried to his grave in Glenmally churchyard on the fourth day after his death. The funeral had been delayed as long as pos sible, so as to give time for Donald's last wishes about his master's presence to be ful filled. But as the snow fell and fell, getting deeper and deeper each moment, the servants indulged in the moat gloomy anticipations. But on the day fixed for the funeral it ceased snowing. Over the great hills and the vales tiie sun shone out on the gleaming mass of white. The snow lay several feet deep, and no carriage of any kind could approach the house, so it was arranged that the keeper was to be carried to his grave. It was a very solemn sight. That little band of black-draped mourners carrying the coffin out into the snow, and plunging through it as they went down the steep path which led to and from the house in the lonely Glen. Bronzed, weather-beaten cheeks were wet, and the women wailed and wept as they carried the keeper out. But Strathearn had not come. The absence of the master was bitterly lamented, as poor Donald's last wish was well known. But while Nellie was watch ing from the windows -the sad procession go she suddenly saw upon the waters of the loch a boat swiftly approaching the snowy shore. She strained her eyes ; the keel of the boat touched the shingle ; the black-draped pro cession stopped. Then out of the boat stepped a tall figure whom she at once recognised as Strathearn. He approached the bearers of the dead ; he stood bare-headed for a momentor two, and then Nellie saw one of the servants give him a cloak. The pro cession then resumed its march ; Strathearn following as chief mourner behind his faith ful servant. It took them hours and hours to go through the snow to Glenmally, and hours and hours to return. Twilight had fallen on the Glen, the frozen mist was growing denser and denser each moment, and still the mourners had not come back. Nellie stirred the fire, and wandered restlessly and nervously up and down the long sitting-room. The white . mountains, the weird and ghostly scene out side .seemed to terrify her. Perhaps some thing else dreadful bad happened she thought —perhaps someone else would be carried back, like poor Donald, to die in this silent and lonely spot. It was a relief to her when she heard a foot fall on the crisp snow outside, & relief when Strathearn pale and excited-looking entered the rcom, and held out a trembling, nervous hand. 'I am so glad you came,' said Nellie. ' Poor Donald wished so much for you to follow him to his grave — you were only just in time.' 'Y«s,' said Strathearn, still holding Nellie's hand. 'You got my letter, I suppose?' said Nellie, 'Yes,' again answered Strathearn. ' But,' he added, a sudden flush passing over his pale and agitated face, ' whether I had got your letter or not I was coming home — I could stay away no longer— I can struggle no more.' (To be continued.) 