THE BAY OF SEVEN ISLANDS. . The skipper sailed out of the harbour mouth, Leaving the apple-bloom of the South, For the ice of the-Eastern sea?, In his fishing schoener Breeze. Handsome and brave and young was he, And the maidens of Newbury sighed to see His lessening white sail fall Under the sea's blue wall. Through the Northern Gulf and the misty screen Of the Isles of Minean and Madeline, St. Paul's and Blanc Sablon, The little Breeze sailed on, Backward and forward along the shore Of wild and desolate Labrador, And found at last her way To the Seven Islands-Bay. The little hamlet, nestling below Great hills white with lingering snow, With its tin-roofed chapel stood Half-hid in the dwarf spruce wood; Green-turfed, flower-sown, the last outpost Of summer upon the dreary coast, With its gardens small and spare, Sad in the frosty air. Hard by where the skipper's schooner lay, A fisherman's cottage looked away Over isle and bay, and behind On mountains dim defined. And there twin sisters, fair and young. Laughed •with their stranger guest, and song In their native tongue the lays Of the old Provencal days. Alike were they, save the faint outline Of a scar on Suzette's forehead fine; And both, it so befel, Loved the heretic stranger well, Both were pleasant to look upon, But the heart of the skipper clave to one; Though less by his eye than heart He knew the twain apart. Despite of alien race and creed, Well did his wooing of Marguerite speed; And the mother's wrath was vain As the sister's jealous pain. The shrill-tontcued mistress her honse forbade, . And solemn warning was sternly said By the black-robed priest, whose word As law the hamlet heard. But half by voice and half by signs The skipper said, " A warm sun shines On the green-banked Merrimac; Wait, watch, till I come back. " And when you see, from my masthead, The signal flj of a kerchief red, . My boat on the shore shall wait; Crane, when the night is late." Ah! weighed withchildhood'ehauntsandfriends And all that the home sky overbends, Did ever young love fail To turn the trembling scale 1 Under the night, on the wet sea sands. Slowly unclasped their plighted hands : One to the cottage hearth, And one to his sailor's berth. What was It the parting lovers heard 7 Nor leaf, nor ripple, nor wing of bird, But a listener's stealthy tread On the rock- moss, crisp and dead. < He weitrhed his anchor, and fished once more By the black coast-line of Labrador; And by love and the nerth wind driven Sailed back to the Islands Seven. In the sunset*s glow the sisters twain Saw the Breeze come sailing in again: Said Suzette, " Mother, dear, The heretic's sail is here." " Go, Marguerite, to your room, and hide; Your door shall be bolted!" the mother cried'; While Suzette, ill at ease, Watched the red sign of the Breeze. At midnight down to the waiting skiff She stole in the shadow of the cliff; And out of the Bay's-mouth ran The schooner with maid and man. And all night long, on a reSijess bed, Her prayers to the Virgin Marguerite said; And thought of her loner's pain Waiting for her in vaSn^ " Did he pace the sands ? Dfil he pause to hear The sound of her light step drawing near? And, as the slow hours passed, Would he doubt her faith at last 2 But when she saw, through the misty pane, The morning break on a sea of rain, Could even her love avail To follow bis vanished sail! Meantime the Breeze, with favouring wind, Left the rugged Moisic hills behind, And heard from an unseen shore The falls of Manitou roar. On the morrow's morn, in the thick, grey weather, They sat on the reeling deck together, Lover and counterfeit Of hapless Marguerite. With a lover's hand, from her forehead fair He smoothed away her jet-black hair. What was it ins fond eyes met 1 The scar of the false Suzette 1 Fiercely he shouted : " Bear away East by north for Seven Isles Bay!" The maiden wept and prayed, But the.ship her helm obeyed. Once more the Bay of the Isles they fonnd; They heard the bell of the chapel sound, And the chant of the dying sung In the harsh, wild Indian tongue. A feeling of mystery, change, and awe Was all they heard and all they saw; Spellbound the hamlet lay In the hush of its lonely bay. And when they came to the cottage door The mother rose up from her weeping sore, And with angry gestures met The scared look of Suzette. " Here is your daughter," the skipper said. " Give me the one I lore instead." But the woman sternly spake: "Go, see if the dead will wake." He looked. Her sweet face still and white, And strange in the noonday taper-light, She lay on her little bed, With the cross at her feet and head. In a passion of grief the strong man bent Down to her face,, and, kissing it, went Went back to the waiting Breeze— Back to the mournful seas. Never again to the Merrimac And Newbury's homes that barque came back. Whether her fate she met On the shores of Carraquette, Miscou, or Tracadie, who can say? But even yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told the ghostly tale Of a weird, unspoken sail. In the pale, sad light of the northern day Seen by the blanketed Montagnais, Or squaw, in her small kyack, Crossing the spectre's track. On the deck a maiden wrings her bands ; Her likeness kneels on the grey coast sands: One in her wild despair, And one in the trance of prayer. She flits before no earthly blast, With the red sign fluttering from her mast, Over the solemn seas, The ghost of the schooner Breeze! J. G. WUITTIER, in Atlantic Monthly. 