Wagga Wagga. JULT 18. The late visit of our two Parliamentary members has, in all probability, been the -means of causing a desire amongst our selector population of a self- protecting order. In one of the out skirts, and in a small populated locality, a meeting of its residents has been called for the purpose of forming a branch of the Land League. To the uninitiated the head-quarters of this Land League are not very accurately known : the body calling itself the Land League doubtless exists, and its branches are extending. At Berry Jerry, where the meeting took place on Saturday, a unani mous vote was recorded, I am informed, for a change in the present land law. Parliament will now soon be meeting, and our Ministers can very easily learn the views of the most interested portion of the community by noting the results of the meetings of the Land League branches now held in every populous district. Two antagonistic sections ot the community must be provided for in any future Land Act ; wi6e legislators must put both on a better tooting, ana eacn on a saier Dasis, ana step in ana prevent tne injury each does one another, which the present Act sanctions and permits. We have had quite a sufficient experienceof the ill effects of the present measure, which has been the foundation of strife and heavy law expenses, and probably suited, as it may have been, to encourage -a preliminary and wide settlement, should, years ago, have been rubbed out when that settlement had got fairly started. The chief grievance, and we now think the one which should receive a close consideration, is the present insecurity of the selector's grass right. It is a well-proved fact, taking this parti cular district into notice, that cultivation alone will not pay. The two industries, cultivating and grazing, must be combined to make both ends meet ; but chop a selector's grass right up, as anybody can do now, cultivation has to be resorted to and depended upon, and an existence under the circumstances becomes precarious and doubtful. So many plans have been advocated for the amendment of our present land laws that there is really nothing novel to advance worthy of the least thought, but, judging from an experience of a very large district, I am able to say that the future Land Act must be a measure which will provide a fixed tenure to squatters and a secure grass right to selectors. A petition of the ratepayers, praying our council to obtain from the Government the company's bridge in such a manner as will enable our having a free bridge, is going round for signature. It is stated here that the object of the Municipal Council in obtain ing the bridge is for the purpose of making a revenue there* from. This action is very strongly opposed by the ratepayers, and they think if the council are placed in possession of the structure that it should be thrown open free, and the expense 'of any future repairs to come out of the rates. This is about the general notion; but I think if we can get the present exorbitant rate of tolls reduced we should be well satisfied. It is stated in the petition that the toll de manded for crossing the bridge 'has had a prejudicial effect upon the trade, general interests, and progress of the town ;' bat which tide of the river is referred to is not stated, but in all probability it jb the north Bide, or, as we term it, North Wagga, which looks like a deserted Tillage and the ghost of what it was but if a free bridge will restore North. 'Wagga to to forme; grandeur (!) and supposed importance, or will have any effect in getting it populated as in times of yore, then by all means a free bridge. A sad accident, which has since terminated fatally, has taken place hpre. On Saturday afternoon last Mrs. Emmett, the wife of a small gardener, living in the outskirts of the town, was returning home, having to cross the railway line for the purpose. She is stated to be old and infirm. During-the act of crossing the mils, a train being shunted ran over her and severed her legs, besides causing other serious injuries. She was removed to the hospital, but only survived the injury a few hours. Another accident of a severe nature occurred near Junee last week. A young man driving a waggon, heavily laden with beer, was thrown off his seat, and both wheels passed over one of his legs, causing fearful injuries. His removal to the hospital bcrc was undertaken in a very prompt manner, and he is now in a fair way of recovery. Wcaiher frosty and cold, and considerable inquiry for sheep. 