BUSH CHARACTERISTICS. propane slang. BlI.D. Ten habit of indulging In profanity has beoomo deplorably proralont in bosh communities. Indeed, the mischief has essmnod tbo proportions of a moral epidemic, to tho manifest deterioration equally of good sonso, good raonnors, and good principles. Many think to escape this vice on tbo uiuuuu iiuv it is "omj a uanic, ana tnattaoso who givo way. to it aro not thinking of what they say. Is that eano reasoning?. Extonuatlug cir cumstances might bo pleaded for an occasional out break of SuCli impiety, but to attempt to shield it bccaaso It ia not occasional hut habitual, is surely nothing short of. tho loglo of lunaoy. A man moat bo very doflclout ln solLrespocfc whose eonvrirsatlon' ia habitually profane: In him there con bo no relish . for simple uath. Ho con havo no Idea of the mean ing of words and of tho responsibilities which they Involve, Ho proclaims himself, by this practlco, a wofnl oompound of fool and knave— a fool bccaaso he is not tho master of his tonguo, a knavo inso much as his imprecations chaengo Issues whieh ho dare ,not moot. . To a man .who hm learned to "fear an oath," tho talk of d ptofano person is an inBufferablo infliction. It is an excruciating moral' agony tronscondlng description. It scorohos and scathe® tbo soul Uko>a'.bre«th>from tbo V outer darkness." It is shockingly, outrageously disres- pootful to brothorrtuan. because it moro tliin mooka at his religion— it mocks at hia' oonaclonco, arid- Iris ' God. Can anything on earth bo moro baoo and in- fldol than tho custom of dragging into discourse— perhaps obsoono discOurso— tho - most awfal pantos nnd titles iutho.anivorsof Do it said In hnshod tono8: ">Wo havo notrially Invented nloknomes for tho porsons of tho Sacred Trinity. lri order toglozo over our. blasphemous. lamUiaritlos with tho ln- finite." . " .... There is one aspoot of this case .that is very sad' and disheartening. Our bush boys arid lads have caught the infootlon, and, until it snbsidos, it is impossibloto givo'thom a religious emulation.' Wo' .speak 'from .oxporionco,-:but 'tho reason i is ..vory dbvlous, 'and' it is thin — Tbo;namooqf !!God," of " Josus," 'and 'of v " Christ," and' <rHoly Ghost/ havo boon so saoriloglously manipulated and'' mutilated in tho jargon of profane slang, that thoy strike a child, familiar to tho slang, as boing impro per, ari boing " bad' words," as of ' tho ' nature of awoaring— rivon when .-they aro being '.used in .all sincerity and !q eoasonablo . placo. Tho holy words, employed In blasphomy, havo lost tho! savor of revcrenco, and can&ot; recover' that savor even in tho atmosphoro of .Church or Sunday School, bocauso tho memory lias been inoculated with blasphemous ideas, ana cannot, by a law of tho mind, sunder tho assoaiaUons wluoh thoy call np. Those who' bellevo-that children can bo ad vantageously instructed- in religion in our publio- schools; would do well to look this faot soriously la tbo foco.; MeanwhUo, it wonld bo .woll to " stone wall " this praotico inoxorably. '.To rcfasa to tako part in, olr to listen: to oonvorsatiou iu which pro fanity ooours ; to : condemn it to a otudlod. sllont. bat oloquont, cpntompt. If wo aro habitually deal to tho utteranoes ot tno , prof&no;, thoy will soon bo dumb. 1 !" 