Us XIACBESS ia (me of the moBt reliable statists in the House; and whenever he brings down s series of figures to lay before his brother members, it is always fonod to be sound, useful, and instructive. We have for yearf past read with interest every one of his statistical and. other speeches, and have never failed to obtain valuable information by their perusal. Mr LAURENS is not one of the talkative members of the Assembly. Bat he has this merit; and in this age of palaver, as CAHLYLE and other writers have termed it, this merit is a very valuable acquisition for a representative of the people to display. Mr LAURENS always speaks to the point; while be is as noticeable for his courtesy and consistency as he is proverbial for being quite sure that he has mastered the right side of a topic before he says anything in the House about it. Besides displaying these qualities, Mr LAURENS is . a staunch and unselfish opponent 6? Conservatism in all its shades; and, therefore, he is a credit to the House, as well as bong & useful, self-denying and meritorious member of the Liberal party. Now Mr LAURENS on Tuesday evening last delivered another of his excellent statistical speeches; and the figures which it contained form such a cradling reply to the falsehoods which have been circulated by the Conservative papers, partly to injure Mr BERRY and partly to exalt the present Premier, that we must repeat a few of them here, knowing that they will be perused with genial warmth by the great bulk of our readers. The burden of Mr LAURKNS' discourse was that there has not been that tremendous " press" and "prosperity" in the OTIOGHLEK period, which the Conservative press uid the Conservatives outside the press have been boasting so much about, any more than there was that decadence during the existence of the late BEBBY Government, aa die same misleading authorities have alleged ; and Mr LAURENS completely proved his case by drawing that the ratio of increase in the revenue was much greater during the BERRY regime than it has been since, or in the O'LOGHLKN era. Mr LAURKNS contended that the improvement in trade was coincident with the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition, when the BEB&t; Government was in power; and,' therefore, the liberal party, by initiating and carrying out that project, did the country good service. Commencing with the past, Mr LAUKKNB pointed out that when Mr SERVICE replaced Mr .BEBBY &B; Premier, the "unemployed " only numbered 230; but before Mr SERVICE had to retire, the " unemployed" had expanded to 1182, aad they reached 1682 when Mr BEBBY resumed office. Hence, he axgoed, it was clear that the change from a liberal to a Conservative Government, or from Mr BEERY to Mr SERVICE, was not for the benefit of die working classes or the country. Still further, he showed that during the time Mr SERVICE was in office the wharfage rate* only amounted to £35,323; whilst forthemme period after Mr BEBKY came back, these rates amounted. to £40,693. Consequently, good times for the shipping trade superseded had times, ty * Conservative Government having to givB way to the return of the Liboals to power. Leaving; the. -comparison between Mr BEERY and Mr SERVICE, Mr LAURENS then proceeded to draw a comparison betareen Mr BERRY'S Premiership and Sir BRYAN OXeGHUEifs; and the following are the pregnant facts aid. figures which he produced. The revenue of the last year of the BKRKY Government was in excess of that of tbe previous year by £560,869, while all the increase which the O'LOGHLEN Government can boast of for the year ending last June is £474,451. Therefore, tbe ratio of impcovement in the BEBEY |Ha,'exceeded the ratio of imjttgventent in - the OIJOOHLKS era, by no less » wan than £86,418. Bui, taking the last nine months in eadi^ase, the figure* apeak stOI move significantly, aawill be taMe: laaataraaadfar,.... \- I _ £SMJ1E «ao*i» ..JE«Ml» Tbns it will beieem that while the ratio d .mnHe'bd^tta bitiiaB months of the BL'SBT rtgirm amounted to £594,315, tba* ratio of increase during the just exp.'red nine months of Sir BRYAN OXOGHXSS*S EARWR has only been £284,119/ the difference in favor of Mr BERRY betn^ thns£310 lI»6 But Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN * has sold £49,908 mote land, than Mr BSBRY did in tbe same period before he left office; so that practically the difference between the two Premiers should be placed at £360,104 in fiavor of Mr BERRY. NO figures could speak more plainly as to there having been a greater spurt in the trade of the colony daring the last nine months of tfae BEEBY N^INAE than there has been since; nor could anything more pregnant be produced to show die gross mendacity of which the Conservatives have been guilty, in charging Mr BERBY with having kept the colony from progressing. But Mr LAURENS , did not stop here. He next showed how much more economical Mr BEBBY was as Premier Hian Sir BETAS O'LOGHLEN has been in that capacity since; and he produced the following figures to make good this part of his thesis. The average expenditure in the last two years preceding the retirement of Mr BERBY was £4,787,928, while the expenditure which Sir BBYAX proposes for the present year is £5,574,073. So that in less than twelve months Sir BBYAN has run up the expenditure by no less a sum than £786,000 a year, or not far short of a million sterling, to say nothing of the additions which are sure to be made before the Estimates are disposed of. Thus it will be seen that while the ratio of increase is smaller in Sir BBYAN 0'LOGHLE> J E case by £310,196, or by £360,104 if the -excess of land sales be included, than the ratio of increase was in Mr BERRY'S case, - the proposed expenditure is at least £786,000 a year beyond what Mr BEBBY not only proposed, but actually carried out only a year ago; and he must be. a dullard indeed that cannot see in these comparisons which is the best of the i- two men to have charge of the colony's affairs—winch is the best financier. Mr BERRY is plainly, and by a very long way, the best manager of the two; aad this fact is made quite unanswerable by the above figures. We reproduce Mr LACEEXS' figures here not by any means in a vindictive spirit. Bat we give them this prominence, firstly, to expose once more the Conservative misrepresentation and slandering which Sir BEBBY has had so unjustly to endure, and, secondly, to show all parties that, if there is to be sound and economical government in this colony, the Liberal party, with Mr BERRY at its head, must, as soon as the circumstances will permit, be restored to office. This is the only way, indeed, to keep the expenditure of the colony within bounds, as well as to rectify a scandalous injustice. THE strike at Chiltem is evidently necessary in the interests of the miner's freedom of action, and in the interests of the association which has been organised to protect the miner against the power of tyrannically-exercised capitaL It is all in a nut-shelL As anybody knows who knows anything at all about mining matters, the Miners' Association in all its branches is formed for the purpose, amongst other things, of affording help to the miner when disabled by mine accidents. The members of the association pay into the funds of the body for that and other purposes.. Bnt the Chiltem Valley Gold Mining Cbmpany say to their men " Leave with us a shilling every month out of your wages, to meet accident cases," as if no association existed and the men did not already pay into its funds, and therefore do not require the company's .providence to watdi over their interests. Hie a at Chiltem naturally enough reply — " No, we object to give yon up any of our wages for an accident fund. We have our own accident fund in the association fund, and don't want another." To this the rejoinder of the company is— Give np the shilling, or go;" and the men, like men conscious of being in the right, and resolved to stand np for the right, refused to give up the shilling, and did "go"—out on strike. They are out now, «uud we undertake to say that they have the moral support if the whole mining Community of Victoria. The Chiltem Valley Company have made a mistake, and will have to hark back to common sense and justice. So long as no association existed with its funds for the relief of miners suffering from accidents, it was reasonable enough—nay, it was a kind and necessary thing todo—to organise an accident fund in connection with every mine. Bat, even then, companies could not reasonably ask working men to subscribe save on the ground that it was for their own benefit, and as a means o! inducing rational care in tbe conduct of mine operations. The moment, however, that the miners had the good sense to organise association funds the' whole question was changed. The miner thus provided his own relief and imposed his-own moral check upon carelessness in ins work. As soon as that was done, the employer had no longer any right to demand a contribution to an accident fond, and as a role tins is the position admitted and taken up by mining companies all over the oolony. Of couise, u the Ciriltem men were mm- essociatian men, it-would be different; bat they are members of the association, and are, in fact, now defending not merely individual rights hot association rights. It would appear that' the Chiltern Valley Company has a hostile design against the principle and practice of association, for it is not la -question of wage-rate, and, seeing the factsareas they are, it cannot be regarded as an accident fond question. That it is- not a wages question is demonstrated by the fact that the company is advertising for men, and giving Irig wages than wen given to the men on strike. It so happens that the rate is higher in tbe Chntern district than it is here, hat the Chiltem Valley Company go higher siill as a bid for labor, ao that, we infer that there ia something behind all this trouble, and thatthn sotaelhingis adesre anda^ atteropitto injure the Mmarf'Awwriation. Now, we do not hesitate to aay that such a desire is aa discreditable to any body of capitalist*, as snch an attempt is .Msuicdly likely to prove abortive. A* far as we can g^at tha facta, the Chiltem minera have a perfectly honest case, and have * right to iexpect support boot evwy woila%4n«min VMJtoria. Bremen are " «a^ *trike * againsf *heir will, laid vim- teady to go to wnk at once, and at lower rales than those the company offer to othen, but they naturallyrefasctopayanimjDCttax upon their wages, to allow their sufficiently small income to be "sweated" ia order to create a fund not required. The cause of the "Chiltern men to-day may be that of others to-morrow, and tt is tfae duty as it is tfae interest-of sot only tbe several brandies of the A.M.A., but of every- miner in Victoria, to stand by the principle contended for by the miners now on strike. The Indigo Valley strike is on all fours with the Chiltern one, and equally merits the sympathy aad support of the mining community. The question cf constructing * line of railway from Boort t»Saran Hill, instead of from Kenng to tfae tstter-meotiooed place, and dealt with by as -in a leading article in oar Tuesday's issue, cane before a conference of delegatea from the various abiree and other places interested at the City tf all yesterday, and it ia satisfactory to be able to cote tint there was only one delegate who had a trord to say against the Boort route being adopted. The mayor of the city, Mr J. S. Wibon, presided. Resolutions were passed to the effect that it was desirable that a railway line between Boort and Saaa Hill ahould be constructed, and t&at; the delegate* attending the conference shonld form themselves into a deputation to wait on the Minister of Railways with regard to the matter, and to obtain the artittinoe of members of Parliament in their cause. Hie conference then went into committee, and drafted a re-" port which was sobseqnently adopted. It was then resolved that tne delegates should meet again in Melbourne on Wednesday next and interview the Minister of BaSways as a deputation. A report of the proceedings will be seen by reference to our columns elsewhere. The boy, George Tobitt, whose left aim was amputated on Wednesday, at the Hospital, was yesterday doing as well as could be expected. He is a spirited little fellow, and bears his sufferings with remarkable fortitude. The Hon. Graham Berry, Major Smith, and Mr Rees, M.L.A., arrived in Ballarat yesterday, and will proceed to Gordon this morning by the 11.40 a.m. train for the purpose of being present at the opening of the new State school there. Mr Berry and Major Smith were present at the Academy of Music last night. It ia reported that Councillor Tree intends shortly to retire from his seat in the Btmgizeestriie Council, aad in view of this prospect. Mr James Long has been pressed, by several ratepayers to come forward for the seat -when vacated. Lost year Mr Long contested a seat in this council against Mr Anderson, and was well received, although nnsnccessful; bat a number of ratepayer* who then voted against him promised trim their support if he again appeared in the field as a candidate. Mr Long has not yet made np his mind whether he will stand for the seat which, it is said. Councillor Tree will shortly vacate; bat there is a probability that he will do so. The Phoenix Foundry Company, are the soccessfnl tenderers for the mannfactnre and supply of fifty locomotives for tbe Victorian baflwsy Department. There was no other tender received when the business was dealt with yesterday. The amount of the tender has not tranapired. A man named Charles Lowrie. a resident of Enfield, who has been employed at the WQ- Extended Company's shaft, was found dead on Thursday in the hut where be temporarily resided, at Scotchman's Lead. No enquiry baa yet been -held, bat from tfae appearance of the body, and judging from the fact that there was food near him, it is surmised that the deceased was choked while . He had been at work all Wednesday. Constable Slater has taken charge of the body. The deceased has left a widow, but whether any children has not transpired. Tbe Natives having granted their patronage r Mrs Marcus Clarke's benefit at. the to state that it ia hopef\hey will attend in great numbers, aad show their appreciation of the labors of the leading Australian author by giving his widow a bumper house. The wife of a man named Geogeh&n;, a resident of Dram mood street aooth, died suddenly yesterday, and nnder circumstances which necessitate the holding of a magisterial enquiry into the caiue of her death. She had been for aome time an inmate of the Hospital, a sufferer from an internal complaint, and, contrary to the advice of the resident Kur^eon, her husband took her home, DrOaren warning him that abe was in snch a condition that she might die on the road. After Hie patient was taken to her home, Dr Jakina was called in, bat he on seeing her, saying that it was no use giving her medicine in that stage, did sot prescribe for her, and within a short time of bang taken to ha home she died. Sa Owen and Jakina declined to certify to the cause of her death, and as a consequence a magisterial enquiry is necessary, and perhaps a soafmortem examination of the body will be made. Tbe enquiry will probably take place to- day. It is rarely that we have to record accident from fire-damp in any mine in this district, but one occurred early yesterday in the Pratt'a Freehold, and it resulted in a young miner named Michael tting hia face badly burned. Kyan was holding a lighted candle near the tide of the drive when aome gaseous vapor emanating fropi the eroond was ignited by the candle flameand Sand np, burning the bair Fortunately bis eye*^escaped injury, na promptly conveyed to the Hospital, where bis face was dressed. • It was found to apply the approved lotion for barns to his face, and then to bandage his visage op ao a* to leave only his eyes, portion of his nose, and his month uncovered. Tbe resident surgeon advised him to stay in the Hospital for a day or two, bnt he declined, saying he would prefer to go to hia hom» Byan left the Hospital between two and time" in tbe morning, and if any nervosa persons encountered him, they must have thought be wasa ghost, for his face was covered .with lint, as with a white mask, and, in the dark of oily morn, he presented a liijiihr appearance. An Italian named Antonio Bemardi, a. miner, was admitted into the Hospital yes today afternoon for treatment of an injury to his scalp. Bernard! was working in the Soliesnan Pasha mine, when a piece of quartz reef, weighing about a pound and a-half, fell from tin not of the dnve, and striking him on the head, eat through bis hat and raaU Us linaii Tfae mud Med pro-, faady, a mull von being cut. The injury was attended to amd the euffeiq mxmnnpiided to stay ia tfae Hospital for a day or two. A miahap occurred at the Maryborough railway atataon in -Wednesday morning to the 7.35 *.m."tcain from Ballxrat. The points over which fhe tnun waa to'pantprevionato the aMaon, it appears, got out of order, *nd.ti»e enmjuence waa that St directed on to • line leading to the engine abeds . Fortunately the line was clear, otherwne-auMsther accident would probably have taken place. However; , tbe -driver, at the _ D tbe train wdltmder control, and it Wa4 aopn pulled -up and .shunted on to the proper track. -A very warm dinuMHW took place at the Biponshire Council meeting yeeterday as to whose duty it was to famish the parUcu*ars » to tbe electors! registrar. The _ IjDcal Oovenunest Act provides that the person rated must be deaignated an oarner; Sense, isjgnrf, or occupier, but aa tbe last nliatiaa waa made under the Act, thine - pactiealac*. were not The matter amid not no w be longer wing'to. fla idJiuu baring to be to the icgnbar viBun a month, tended that it was the dnty of tbe nlorr to famish "the mtnrn, whiie the vainer profeeeed hia waiingoeae to supply the iidoranlaoo verbally to tbe seen" wbo dtek, find stated ths vainer waa trying to: •Vhii and aUnniptiag to shirk ha dn)y. Pllinslwlf amotion waa earned to tlweffect that the vainer fumiab the partjaabn required. Siaww parents were summoned to Iha Town B&ce; Oonrt yesterday natbavn* •set (bar children to ecbool awhr.of dm, daring Has Uanb laxt. Some of tte not amnr to sae ths gnat injnstioe they wm Qbasg tbear ^ehildrea by tt*r eEbae^'. aad at parent coolly informed tha beach to wi. Mhs at vr tw ntaer baadcaae* One i woaawsaifltbrtlwrboytneft lOaperwetk, 83. whack kept bar aad family, and though she was finedlike the others, it is veiy unlikely that she will take her boy from work when it will pay to be finedquarter after quarter. There were twenty-four cases altogether, and the fines amounted to about £S 10s, or Gs aad Ss 6d costs each. Mr Spoice, secretary of the Amalgamated Miners' Association, yesterday received a telegram from the secretary of tbe Cbiltern brai».-h, Etstmg that correspondence bad been ^opened op between tbe managers ofthe Cfcatet-n and Chiltern Valley companies and tbe mines, with a view to bring abottt e settlement of the strike at tbe two mines, Mr George Williams, president of the AmalgaaMted Association, leaves BaBarat this, iman for Cbfltero, -with the object of intBnieWXag Messrs Wallace Brothers in reference to the matter. At th« Sevastopol Police Court yesterday, three dddran, named Hunter, four, eight, and twelvte years of age, were ordered to be sent to the Industrial Schools nntfl they reached the age of sixteen. The three nnfortunatea were found wasderiqg about Albert street by Constable Daly, aad that officer said that tbe whereabouts of the father waa qrcte unknown, while tfae mother; irho was destitute, had not been-seea- shade Monday. TheehSdren, though thetors had taken ear* of them, ptese wretched appearance in court. Itwssstated that the "father cf tbe three childreg wag a laborer, and, for aB the bench knew to 1 contrary, may be m9 to do, though, under the circumstances, it bad no alternative, A branch of- the Amalgamated Miners'" Association has been aaeceasfully instituted at St. Arnaud, and it has been determined to celebrate the event by a banquet, to whseh representatives of the Ballant branch have been invited. The mayor of St Arasnd is jresident of tbe new braacb, and one of the Deal journals compliments the misers upon their action. We understand that, pending the settlement of the BaUarat East new Post Office matters, the department has * rented Mr James Long's building, the present postofEce, for a farther period of twelve month*. In oar issue of Wednesday last it was stated that a report bad bees received of a fatal accident at the Lone Hand mine, Kingston. We have; however, bees requested by the manager to men tioa that there was not the (lightest foundation for tbe Tttmor^and tint no person aboat the mine bad been injured in any way. Mr Justice Holroyd will preside at the BaDarat Court of Asare, to be opened on the 14th instant. The running for the KrcDdoune Stake* coder the anapima of the Baltkrat Counting Chjb, commenced yesterday at the new ptumpbm, and the days sport was alto-' ther very successful—twenty-four courses ,ving been run off between half-past twelve and four o'clock. Tbe stock of bares waa jatt sufficient to ran off the first ties. A report appears elsewhere. Tte meet this morning will be at the aame spot, and it is anticipated that the seven remaining courses wOI be run off earfy. The friends of the late Mrs Webb, wife of Mr Samuel Webb, of Wills street, will be sorry to bear of her decease. She died yesterday, after a long and painful affliction, which was borne with Christian fortitude. Tbe deceased was seventy-two years of age, twenty-«ix of which were spent in this colony. A meeting of the committee of the Young Men's Liberal Association waa held last evening, and a code of roles of management was drawn up, which will be submitted for adoption at toe next general meeting. The locomotive employ6a of tfae district held their annual social gathering at the Alfred Hall last night, and such excellent arrangements had been made faythose who had tbe management of the affair that it proved a most enjoyable one. About sixty couples attended at the hall, the assembly- room of which was very -prettily decorated with gToeneiy and mags for the occasion, and spent a very pleasant evening dancing to the attains of a hand consisting of Messrs Base, Xickner, and Prout. Shortly before midnight, in an interval of the dancing, the company sat down to a capital ier, capably catered for by Mr M'Renzie, of Bridge street, and attractively set oat on three long tables placed upon the stage. Mr Williams presided, and the toast of " The Queen 1 ' was drunk with musical honors. After the supper and this toast; other healths were drank, and then dancing was resumed. Mr Crannage officiated with success as M.C. Among those present wensome visitors from Melbonme, Ararat, and! StaweU. The company had evidently resolved that the reunion ahould be a thoroughly enjoyable one, and theymade it so too. Dancing was kept up to an early hour, and the unanimous verdict of die laflies and gentlemen present was that the affair had been genuine entertainment, and that the one matter of regret was that tfae • nT "" 1 social gathering could not come oftener than once a year. The Rev. J. Watsford gave an excellent lecture—** My trip to Europe, through Borne, and Paris : what I saw, aad what I thonght of it"—last evening at tbe Wesleyan church, Neil street Tbelecture was mostsuccemful, -and the large audience were provided with an excellent evening's entertainment and instruction. The second ordinary meeting of tbe Ballant Branch of the Victorian United Journeymen Goschmakers' Society was held at the rooms, Camp street, last evening, there being a good attendance of members. Several candidates -were elected to membership.. Business of a general character bemg dealt with, several notices of motion were handed in for consideration at next meeting when a larger attendance is expected. The citizens are reminded by advertisement in another column that this is tbe last j day that they can inspect tbe votes' list, and that no rfaims or objections can be received after tins date. A general meeting of tfae Salennan'a Union was held at tbe Mechanics' Institute last night, when Mr ftarmedga. was appointed secretary and treasurer pro (em.; »M Messrs Squires and Besnett and iter*, to audit the accounts of the late secretary. A letter was read from the hairdressers, and it waa resolved to neoeive a deputation at tfae next general meeting, on Thnisday, 13th instant, at jeight o'clock p.m. A popular entertainment, entitled, "Eva: a service of song from Uncle Tom's Cabin," illustrated by connective readings by Mr T. W. Adams, of Melbourne, took place in tbe Primitive Methodist Church, Smytheedale, on Wednesday evening last. Tbe attendance was very satisfactory, showing that the term popular entertainment waa no misnomer, and the readings, togetherwith the appropriate songs by the choir, proved highly interesting to tbe audience. We have received the Australia* Womax't Jfaspaasrfor U» aaoatb afJalft xta opntenta being of a very interesting Irind to the fair . We have also received a ccpyof the illations.for the guidance at intending ilftnt it the Juvenile Industrial JExfaibitKm, Sydney. Tbe latter pamphlet ca be sees Jgr those who desire it on applying iaosrfnDteSct, Tbe ktter tagned <« - AFadberoif a Large Family " cannot be published until we have leueMcd the name and addreaa of the writer. The'rainfall dfrring 6>e month of Jone, «a regiataredby Mr Bath, at Ceres, laarmonth. was 1-83 inch, making* total for tbe year of 11*05 inches. The faH during tbe month of May Was the bluest for the year, it" 4*61 iache*. The concert in the Mechanics' Institute, to aid of the holding fond of the Y.M.G.D. S., will tskajdaae n TVteaday evening 'next, asd sot Thursday, aa we erroneously stated yesterday. Tbe secretary of «hs Ballarst CSty Fire Brigade desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of cheque, for £2 2s, bring doalatioM to «he brigade fmadaof £L to each from Messia Chalk and 0.¥. Smith. On and after the 17th, Oobb and Oo.'s cpach for St. Axuatad will be deipatehed fromBallarat at half^ast eleven eac&nigfct.; inatoadtfmidinghtaa hitherto. . The Japanese corvette Tmkufaa leftHobm's Bay yesterday for Hohart. Tbe redtspts oa the Victorisn rulways for Hia wedcS&e; 30th Janewen £37,14816* 3d. Tbe«aioast received in ttteoorrespoakd ing aradcof I88I wa<£St,9121feSd., CounsBoe W« Webb atftaa that* perfect* mnttbelanishat toftsj lanreamocntof extra labor on the officers of tin municipal tadief, Government have intimated that nmniotW, bodies will be recooped for any extra outlay incurred ia the prodnrtfim of the rolls. The Arrptt learns with regard to the apnselectioos for the Legislative Council, j rftm. Pearson, «« of the membe™ for the exwttnf! Bastt™ Pnmnor, will! stend for the new province of Gipps Land (tbe southern thatMr... «, „ „ . date for tfae new tfartfa-Essterw Pranrn* which forms tbe northern portion of tbe old Eastern Province. It is understood that in the event of Mr W. Wilson nc* offering himself for re-election at Ararat at the nest gweral election, Mr J. G. Wilmott wffl be a candidate. OB Wednesday, at the St. Arnand'Coaaty Cbmt, a farmer named Driscoli, whose ease waa-referred to in the Assembly last week, was saed civilly by Wright, the driver of tfae St. Arnaud and Donald train, far damages for defamation of character, ia asserting that Wright waa continually drunk and incapable on duty. Ihe joiy (says the IffraUtf awarded £130 dotages and coeta. The Railway Department (says the Age) has accepted tfae tender of Staan M'Kenrie and Holbad, at £15,000 odd, for supplying interlock!»g material for Vietorian railway lines. This is only half the cost of the estimated cxpaaditnre. The Hon. W. H*CaIloch (says the Tcle- jpmph) has made a donation of £K» to tbe Werking Mea'a College. The followBag petitions for diaeiolwiioii of j aniagra are about (say* tbe Hrrmhf) to be filed^—Walsh v Wklsh, in which Edward WaUh, at Eidssado, butcher, eeeka- for d isaolutaac from hi* wife, Elisabeth Jane Walah, on tie- ground oS bet alleged adultray, two eo-reapandents being mmnf Ward r Ward, in -mhaA Joo. Ward, of Howard street, Hstfaaa^ seeks a dissoiBtion of marriage with his wife, Bosnia Maria Ward, on irimflir A case «f interest to publicans (says- the Agr) was heard befere the Biehmond beach on Wednesday. A married woman named M'Gregor applied for a transfer of m pubhcan'aliceuK. MrGiBott, who appeared for the applicant urged that as she had at one time held a license, and was poaseaaedoi pro peril ia her own right, she waa entitled und^r the Married Woman's Protection Act. to carry on business as if she were a single woman. Mr J. H. Alley, who presided on tbe bench, held that the Act referredonly to single women, and was not intended to apply to a married woman living with her husband. He declined to grant the transfer. Tbe husband's name wxs then substituted fOr hia wife's in tbe application, and no opposition being offered, the transfer of the license was granted to him. An -oyster saloon keeper at Newcas-tle (says tbe H&jtld;) oar opening an oyster on Wednesday, was fortunate enough to find five handsome pearls in it. A party of five men (says the Argus) left Port Lin oluoa Thursday last for a cruise to Dangerous Reef. Hie boat they went in was scarcely seaworthy, and they bad no rations. They have not since been heard of, and it is supposed that they are all lost A petition (says the Agt), signed by sixty residet% of Besconsfield, near Crefwick, was scted to tfae Postmaster-General by IfessiE Cooper and Wheeler, M.L.A., praying to postal accommodation. Mr Bolton said he would consider the request ofthe petitioners. The Edodtian Department (says the Tele- ; fntph) bss accepted the folSowing tenders:— Sacchos Marsh repairs, W. B. Cooper, £137 15a; Waterloo, near Beaufort, additions, Irving, Glover, and Co., £2S3 14B. It is understood (says tbe Age) although no official iniiwi.fifm has been made to ^ T Superintendent Winch of the fact that the losition of AssistaBt-Commissioner of Police, formerly held by Mr Kicalson, or that of Inspecting Superintendent, will be conferred upon him fay the Cabinet. Tbe last-named office waa formerly held by Mr Winch, but the title was abolished at tbe time of the dismissals from tbe public service by Mr Berry'p Government The Tichbome claimant is sairing wood and unloading timber is the dockyard at Portsmouth. He weighs about Qrtcen stone as against twenty-fire when he was first sentenced. A swimming match between two well-: known BaUarat swimmers has been arranged for a stake of £50 a-side. The stakes and agreement have beat loaged with Mr Pobjoy, but the date of the match has not yet been fixed. The drawing for the "Terrific" sweep took place Isst night when So. 123 was found to be the sucsessf ul number. A meeting of the Painters' Colon wHl be held at Bruno's Orchestral Hall this evening, at eight o'clock. A public free lecture oa "Coal" will be delivered by Mr B. T. Vale this evening; in the Oddfellows' Hall, Albert street, under the auspices of the Ballsrat Ironworkers' Association. Tbe subject is a very interesting one, and the lecturer will deal principally with the coal deposits of Australia, so that there should be a large attendance. A concert aad ball, the proceeds of which will be in aid of tbe Bsllaat Hospital, is announced to take place this evening at tbe Durham Lead State school., t 