FOR' 'TZ:IFE. SEloven days on:thoe'rad, By no nmeans the ,Uidon Phcitel;'oi' any otlihr line: afcontinuous travelI wlhicertho ninimumn of bounco and jerk is conibinedwith the maximum of com fort possible under steady motion. A road stiluhnknowlsi to surveyor or engineer, beyonyd reaclr'ortlibught of railroid- man orspecalntor' and but just opening up its two hundred miles or more of ptihoval foretst '. A road trodden only, by lisdiais'or ;crossed by stealthy fox or lynix;its lednthwinding through treacherous marsh'and bog, and swift stream, aiid :deep; unbroken forest,' only a '"blaze" hero ;and there indicatifig at'some points thMe course to be followed, and, whore too obtrusive treesol vywro.ut away,,the stumps loft standing at jest tho riight height for impaling wagon bodies and stirring up a degree or two more of profanity in theidrivers. . F1rom l'embina to Crow Wing, and in those two huidied miles' of loneliness' only the traveller' of' that region can klioi'what' had not thoi patidnt oxen' undergoneo ? :;Twelve miles, thio average day's accomplishment, un til'(Leech. Lake and some suggestion of a civilized rondihad been reached. IHeavy rains, swollen streams, fathomless nmud.holes. Often a morning was spent in hauling wagons across a turbid and turbulent tittle river, and, while the oxen stood drenched and: dripping after theiti reluctant swim to the other sido¶ bringing over the loads packageo by. plckango on a fallen tree, if such bridge could be dis covered, or waiting while the two 'hall-breeds swanm across with them on theirheoad. Neddo; silent .and calmly acquiescent in whatever fatomight bring, served as foil and back ground for Boulanger, who swore in all 'dia lects frOm French and English through to Cree and Chippewa, his black beads of eyes shooting lightning, his smiall and gayly-be: decked logs dancing wildly among. thq pack-' ages,: and. his leoan arms emphasizing t thd whirlwind of invective. I _ " . Even this had ceased to amuse;! Drenched through and.thrdugh by 'constant: rains, tor itcnted day:aid night by mosquitoms'in,sizoe, numhbers, and ferocity: beoondi- the 'wildesti imaginatitln'of the Eistern'mind; endurance weas. all that remained.'i Even ,vwator.liies palled, and forweary bbdy' ani'. more 'weary mind but one desire had force;,-to se the low stockade of tho CrowvWing Agency,, and 'an' actual inn, where a real' bed,·even if one of four'in a row, would be hailed as 'deliverance, anllwhoer one would find 'a iostdiofltcoind' a daily'staga, 'connecting this last. outpost of Civilization witlh St. Cloud, eighty nles; be. low, and the first point heor- railroads could bo reahed.. ' ' ' :: 'Again'a lrokesibridge gav'o andther 'morn ing'of unloading, and 'wearing, and reloading and when at last the iushinji river was passed and the wagon once more iunder way, a trea cherosn, and shelving mud.holeo suddenly swallowed up oxeo and fore-wheelo, :dumped load and owners into its very 'depths, and for 'ive minutes seemed likelly to hold them there. Then all struggled out together, and, while Doulanger shrieked ivith rage and Neddo ex limined polo and wheels and filshed out the plrovision.bdsketljutting'tho:'contntt on a damp log to dry, patience at last took flight, iind; liko'tleo anleit !prophet' in:aono of:.his many predicaments "' I' slpo terwith myitodi. gou'; Ifodened wide my'moeth; o' IWill not st hin'this nest of nosquitoes and fliesdland wilt hounr for thin?fiial:'eatastroplho to:eune rinarl. '-I shalllmarch on'to CGull Lake, Nliore tlierois a' beasi, unless o tlhis last flood :has= turned'it to'witer, and there Ii can sit in the soid and'gt'iary.; Of courns now there is' no gettioig to Crow Wiig' to-night, and wen must camp at the lake.".' ' For thii jdurioy' ias byido neains 'iO flist orsecndond'0e, and thes 'ox-team'. as simlily one 'more cpeienoce of :fraintier travellinig: Caiioen aid flat- trainand Indioin pony had'allf beein tried;dnd :eitlher: is' better" thah this frightful crawl; iicll by inch as: it nvwereo ' At Gull Lhke; thoefirst' cainpieig-spint;theo' pro viqus year, ten miles.above Croiv Wiig,linad been 'a solitiar:y igriani; ttehanted' by a tooth. less but amiable squaw;ei who" gavd moe fresh' pickerel, roasted in the scales over lierfilr at 'atffrdins i'' new sonso of what flavor'and sivor natural niothldds may hold;'and potatoes' hiiddly bigger thnn"ialnuts, 'ht dug' in my hbinor froni'tlhe field silho'had'planted. Per hagis she' woulfl be thero it:ddy., 'In any eassi hloine Or' With such society as she could give; tlerid waited for me.the'blearo.still, blue water in its setting bf "oil'£ry?.end; th" blasted,'pino twili'its eaglo' 'iistti o hushi?nlid serenity of the' iilfit fdrst?? Iive' riiles under thn eines, wlir boiino was leses tornmbnted by'imosquitoes; and thdn cam ib''flnal'roe,-'a wade rather thanh walk: 'I lind forgotten 'the bbog; and tlio bs/duridy ihadliunkl' t its'i oti dtof sight, thiiiglrlI dould feel'it siow nd'thoen belw the bllck'msid whiclis'held teincloisly: to;each foot by turn and yielded with a long; ,-low ti~ik, lilida sieaok li evil oatisfaction over my tribislliot is. "lt': i " ( 'ii :'Teh fliouiii liand ands otild:isof iave aailled against that jgray' colaon ?f smosqcuito?i' vldoed'dioundids'dmcd at lhst'astriindmt-call. to olther colurnins,' andvwhicl, ifij'site of head-. net ahid leather? glo?es ipenetrted' inlmnown "and unguarded chink or crevice. STlhi6uglsith Owqmp. ait'ast, adi out 'omic mnore Uider. ther friendly piines, and' I. ran, kiowing' the gohl was ner, and seilng' soonbh the-lashing unlight n the bluioatcer. There 1was.n,bindng'fgure neiiar the lake Along: tbobrook emptying into it, or'iol peas i ndd beans wera growitig,, and, oti.lly bal ams. and 'viit-pe's fit the end I . ti.' I !My squaw has been.brought over to'wlite san's flshiois," I said'hialanl?d,' and then slopped short, as 'thl ifisguirq:pritg up? aid turnedwitli h subdued,,iMy;" gracious I" when sheo iow tlih inud-catel ad cliae toirn: iisil mohst'e Usreiutable?-lohin' apparitiib on' bea' hIir. o wo, o w face suell wiately and lied yet.; soihmde,.inl:tenso' blin't 'so' i? s flnitesial a nui f lai, aiolsadowyi yes ; resolut naraeitlls I 'liad';er o esi yet" ncont ered, oven in'orfaioalet"'id'.f?hst'iuinfrinhde cabin; wlicrion a ?nlan'i lifd' hens tl speed loss of ohiy'tiac e o cbmelines' a'hd grace. SWell, I cal .it .li i'videhiea I'" sildt comning foi ivaid'i o 'lla sort of sil ent.'rool a iss ilcarried: hy the d. ''Tll'ifirst' day I've 'ever been lonesome a iiit 'oi"tlhoihglt to care bLit lie'i gonib below three days nowl, an' Slsli2 ivash off, or beiries, an''' did soiy .jeiE' si? by thIe pnd.tliitro, it:?'insa fefos lonem., An' t liato'think n df a whaeithe woman h.b'in whatnI sihuld see I It does bliat'all'l iWzdih; be ~oel frhim? I reckon it' bdry coonty you'-he let, behiti id ou,"i. she added, witl a twinkle " for'ybo'vo brought all tlid mud s along ilsth: you;. NowyosUi come??cair iglitop long with' ac, ais' 'llh raP sloI . h off snoe e Wlhero's' yohr'folks ,o, a Six' niilesibek, in na miid-ole," I ansower edos iti the ghaostly, impr?esiori still strong o epos ". Ti voicase 'wad?';ly a a-husky wisler,'hand a nearer view only intensified tlih bloodloenesi at thI e 'skin, harly . Iidiiig. tl the loor bones bolf?v. Th'e onmin laughed. SI' otethinl I I'm a poor `si ," "slie h'said. I'olkos 'in'a?lj?yo ' but I'm health i 'tl 't0 e Yhat I'was." " " Iou were not hIereWhen Iowent up a fyehr sIsomoeof iy clobtheiin'. have had a ctip of tea, I'l tell 'ot? ll about' it. ' Ther's,lith lnuse. Aio n tlat prhett''?ell forGull LM?hi? Xinder:eomfortablo?" "-=','t' ' " . ""? ' reshedr pa a mitp Tale ?uldt not siae io ild na tdtl'o'tll thie wo'd ieant I: o A:! bliot; ai a ben"' only,.but how, spiotlessly neatit'l '; lari' in-glories and ho?e climbing;of'er doorlh aid w.in?obw hero white eur ainshung i a :snoa - oliitliml,'slelt inby meosqsitibari, a squaie' of nag' carpet on toiO 'fleor;stove and tin's palished to tseir 'utmosf capacity, hon of shining blackneess, -the-other of shining brighltnss;yta;dresero ivlingeslzed dishes ; a shelf, swhlerqateo or.i thlre books, lay?-7the Bible, Whittie's poenms, and , David Coplper. flcd," -aod a:milo of ?cllIwoni Tri'bnie io, an. old-fashid fed rhcking- ehar nevistl patehiwork ciislhioes,'sid,'! lilght-?taod'" near it ; sd, to Ieonpletc. thh' cunounsi ixtureo, old o Nae?v iaIsand iin arsii-losd and ' frontier, eabin,i, a efarminig,pln leagslig betwead.tlio'e widoss, its copper,face'.shining likeo over'thaing i t1Yoe.thok'tlat'os a qu?erthng ia'tetosot, Whst ?". shid my .hotcss, ,vhlo l?had ailInd spreand a cloth and sut on fresh onater to boil 'for th itim inised'ecip of te, "I' lotted on it befome I was bigeonoaIgh'to reach. it,d lihno?' therem in iaudnilotliers kitehen up in Vermont; an' whlien I 'ent West, leantwnays what, nmas WVest. fprty' years age,-to Pennsylvany,--I tookl't along for old tinos, an' then on to Illinois an' bMinnesotan an' here we bothl nre ualiberes Y'ou'd say it nasn't musch more use thsai .Timotliy Dexter's solip-loud for the West Injies ; but lie mode a fortune out o' that, an' I sort of expect good luck firom this. one. Now, before that kettle biles, you Wight fresohe up a mite. TIhe eIClef it ae won't do nothin' to till you've lhad your tea." ' ordls cn never tell tile delight of that frcshening,-first in cold water in a real wash basin, then thie tea, drunk to as nccoimpnani meent of narrative pirerd ottt as if mere slnwch were a gift straighllt fros heaven. An in domnitable clierfulnss, a resoltoel grasp of these shadowy thoreands of life, sneeed the strangest elaracteristies of thise creature, in whoso faded eyes quick glenms of expression came and wenet, and lwhosee alertness sd even vivacity were miraculous testimeonies to thel inperious will that governed the frail body, no entter what honlon weakness interpohed. In tlhe beginning, thie story proved oae I had often heard,-the exodus of forty years before, wlhoe Now Eqlglad, more especially its northern portion, sceneied epetying itself into the West, thoe. whitecoverel, - heavily-laden wagons passilig tlat' by day thstioglh the old towns, gazed upon by the more conservtive with apprehlension and dissay. " I hankeredafter home. I do it oven now, oPc in a groat w'hile," toienshadowy wooaman oent on0; "but Iinin't gaoleg to dweoll oas that. Likely's not, you've heard forty folks say tho same thing. liut what you hais'r heeni I'm gnin' to tell now, file come frsm Maine, as mnybd I. didn't say,-born a luneber-man, an' his latlser one before hias. 'An' so, whien MIinnesota opened up, it come easy to pnt ouat o' Illinois, where "farmin'. never suited him, an' whore there wasn't a stiek o' timber, except alongi.te rivcr.bottome , si' en alwnays half pliin' lee it. He kneowns his buosiness, ans' soon fell inlo work, an' eve ettleed down in hinneapoliis; thlaC's boit an folksie a place as you'll llhd, lUt you co,.I wnsn't enevr aver atrottg, anl' I'd lhooks isl tliln nllbtoisms ill it's my belial lsero wansi't an ieeeh jtenido of soen thlat kept jest the plaelo the Lord lend lned out to have it keep'. Feols said tlhi trouble wnes your gall rase out into your liver; but I said yoer $tomach into whatover -olaoo-theou:was an'. more'nlikely interfered with your langsoan' koptiyoa from liavin' a longbreath lThat's theo-way:it looked-to me, oven aftei I got settled in Minnenpolis,for mine gotshorterar' Ihorter;, an' at last, 'in spite of me;I waso ini bedp an'-folks sayin' I shouldn't. never' see "Now; the childreri had died fbaols they come,:.almost.' There wasn't" one left; n' liram is' det by natur' onh What's his own, an' aood beyond the common? an' it seemed as if ho:'couldn't'stand it to lose me :tao., We'd been unlucky, too,-burned out once, an" the o bank broke tliht had 'our inoneyin' it; such nas it das,---an'rlho was prctty low; oi'ao when timo- come :to :go 'up to camp' he hlf -broke downo;an':ho said, Malvinny, I can't i: Sip. osin' you -shouldn't' be here ,wheno It come: isek. I'd better go, ashand'in ja ilol,- an'" earn less.' . : ': ': -'!' Hiram,' I said,' .you.takome along ,with. you.': Y.ou neer-saw,'nolmun 'look 'momo scared,: for .he thoughtb was golb onti o:my. .nitd.:But Iihadn't nfiotiadd folks?an'. waye formnothin'; an'iIsaid;: Don!t yo know: jest ascwoll as,the next. one that: the: doctors keep sondinl consuniptivo folks upinto'tho pineries't ino if yourdamp ain't as good as another, I'd like to know:: I can't Cnore'n dio;,anyway; an'' I'm sick of bein''tucked;up in bbd an' an air tight oehokin' me day'an'lnight anTI'm : gin' "vitl you '- Malviny, you can!t, he said : it's, ol men.;! There ain't no placerd''' Then make na place,' .says:II:-i'Tain't; flt;. says ",he. WVomen don!t knowinything about a passel. of moentogethnr.'-lThen the mi-ro reason far flidin'b out;'an' sein'. if: they can't be made decent,' says:I' if that's what youomcan.: I". feel to know Ishamn't die if oI an git upthere; hn', I won't be in your waymnor- theirs ; buto go Lwill, ifl havo.towalk' an'. iAn't dombir'n ten.steps-a aday., -,a_, ?- ", .· ?: .i:; :-" -!1Well,iho know Lwas -set; an'; thougli I didn't put my foot dowar:very oftihn;u had it ilown then, square, an;he set in a brown qtudy awhliile, an! thenm he says, ' Well,,MhIlviny, !tain't no time to crossyoU, an'I never wanted to'yoet tI you.thinkyou'll hold out,i'llt start upcountry .to morrow an' see about bavin' ?a separate 'cabin next to camp. :I'hey'ro -filin' for'ivinter now, an -Irkin go and 'com iti'a treek. IButrI-,don't seiowlyouti'll stand it; 'anl-Idon't believe, youiwill.'- Then I'can be buried in the woods'.saya ;Il ' Ilways did:i have a hnkerin' to lay down for good under . -"?,Woll,:ho went off ;:anr Lwill say;I:didn't sem myself.how 1I' could live till he cgut back,, for I-had another tiuc. of ?aisin! blood:that very,:;night. i It"-come piourinl straight. out; but I said;,' I won't give in.?! Itcanit all:run out,: an I!calculdto .there'll bo enoughllelt, to keep me goin.'.:' "a,:?; 'ri : -?' 1?!:u: , 'v . "Folks wouldn't bblievo it, but byftheotimo Hiramigot back I!could!brawl toitho window. - Isoutthere when h'comie in sight, ann he was astonished as you'd nwant to seem.: But he lind to lay inah' git.packed- for;goin',upl;an' theo very morning all ws rmodyiLamust needs com down again. AVoll,.ho waited a day!arn' then he says; I 'l:go up with tho:load,-"Malviny, an fidx up.a bit, :an'.then I'll come back: an' take you ulion an'empty aled, ?so's tonuiake room for a bed an' things for you to go easier.' -' Lwantto go now.' I says :,1I shaltb dead if I.donit. ., Well, we argued some, back rand forth;l ani! at-last, hosays,rlIt ain't no..use, Malviny.,"All's ready nor-; an'.I'm goin'. now,: an ;I'll come back for,you asil said-;'and off: ha startedfor the barn. zI was up that ninuto: an' into, mylwarm' ,things,in, spiteo of oMis' Smith. tryinglto stop me,.an' when ho drove round' an' come in I jest wavalked' to.the door. ' Noayousdon't, he says, and.jest tool mo up. an!laid-me on'the bed an'i ruui i ; e ..-i '", Wh\atigot,into !m than.I couldn't tell: the iLord- carried ni o:long, I reakon:.. Any-' way, ,I run too, MHis% Smitiafter: me;.an' Hiramjest drivin' off,:n'.themI.Lstuck tothu runnoer and wouldn't let go. !?Hiram was pale as a:ghost, an' 'most cryin', an'ho says,i;Fore, the Lord's sake, go back, Malviny,':an' I says, SFor the Lord's sake I.wont,' an: jesticrawled upp into !, thoe buffaloes - alongside -'. I him. SThero's one :ahancoin, a Muillidn iolyour ndttin', there:.alive,'jho -says,- an';,if you're bound;to go:on that ono,,we'llittry iti that's , all-;' anl o?ifwe wont.i:h:. 0' - ::. r: i :, thWell, whether, 'twas-:the motion, -or tie: air away~fromthat air:tight, orcadrryin Ithe: g'iet, I. couldn!t-,teil, ,butn.l grow more, an'; iore chirk.with every .'mile Is -I eati quiteo a, dinner, an', lep'iall night, anhHiranm hoe:jest kept still an,.waited. :, I knew he was waitin'.: BuItwe got: thromghi atlast,F an'into theseo very pina woods beginpin'iat COrowW\Ving.a I cniffed::eme an'?knew life was in 'em if it, was: anywheres. When Hiram ;drove s:up before? tihe camp, ano Snith, thei overseer, come. out, ha looked aminute, an!: then swbre right eout! ' Be you turnint into: a - fool atyour timo - o, life, to.be bringin' a dead womaninto camp he, says. ',:But: IknewI wasn't anywheroes near.dyin', an'.: Smitlh::knows i it i too,-now.: I'd give a.sight if-ho wasn't below. -,IHo's so. contented to haveme around again,,he a says hoadon't care if he never. stir -from. hero the rest of our.lives;"aan' I'm. surevI ilon't.an' , wouldn't.,:, I walk under],them: pines;-,an'., smoll 'em deep in,-' an' I saysi,',Here's your life-elixir, an'lnosmistake,' an' if folksekknow' it- they, wouldn't, dio in. little :losoierooms,-: but come out ;undr -!em.' I- was..ulways a. master-hand for outdoors; an'. he helps along . the house,work, so't.we can garden :together,, an' Shahiveah.doeswhat', he an' -:m-, ain't a mind to., Mostly as long:as day.light lasts I putter round outside; an' I, ain't suroe bu what Ishabll be an old woman,yet, ' ven if I. hain't but a piece of a lung left. - !' As for.them men, you never- see twenty" fellows more set on- ben' agreeabhle than they was. .For- all havin' to - whisper, I always managed to'mako 'em hear, an' I did odds no enCdstor 'am an'. sung, an one - night I even danced; an' I never had a more sociable win. ter. I-thouhlt ho'd boa a. lc n 5lu nusue:u when they went belowa;' but hi takes a sight of comfort in the Tribune,-wo've had it from the beginnin',-an' he don't seem to mind one mite., I always rend consid'able, an' I go over an' over the few books we've got, an' ind somethin' now every time. And I expect you'll laugh when I tell you the only thing that ever mnkes me lonesonle or sheery. 'Tain't Injins: I don see but what they're folksy enough,, when you git over their blnlkets. It s loons. 1 say they're the lone somnst thing in natur' an' when they holler I jest crawl all over. BHut then I can git along even with them. An' now I'd like to know how you come here, an' all about it, evdry word ; but I'm dreadful sorry he ain't to home." : SHELEN oCL?oL? 