CHIAPTER VI. FOR 000D-ORt FOR EVIL Some five months after this, William Desmond, cropped and clean, with a bran new pair of boots, the gift of the governor, on his feet, was taking his leave of the Holloway officials in tie reception room of the prison. The governor was at his table,. with a clerk and the chief warder in attendance, and the boy Bill in front of him, with ashame- faced and yet lower ing look on his face-" hangdog" is the unpolito expression.. In the back-ground were sundry atoms of the prison world to coinplete this neutral-tinted picture. "Your name is William Desmond T" asked the governor. " Bill, they call me gen'rally," was the slowansweor. " It is Desmond down hero,'! said the Governor, referring to the pripors. " Dossay it's right; nobody's called me anytlhink but Bill.' "This is the day'of your dischargo; wlhat are you going to do l" "Don't know." " Would you like to go to sea 1" Bill shivered. "Can't say as how I should," he an swered. "To a home-an institulion-sny. where 1" " No." "What do you want 1' "To be left alone," was the sullen res. ponso. The governor looked at various papers with which the table was strewn, as if in search of something. Then, failing in his search, he looked at tie prisoner again, and from him to the chief warder. " Flow leas lie behaved in prison ?" "Very badly, sir. A violent fellow." " Boon hero before 1" " Once or twice." The governor was puzzled. He rum. ranged amongst his papers again, and muttered to himself, "Doesn't seem a promising specimen," and then sat back. " You are dischatgod, William Dee mond," he said, sternly; "don't lot me see you hero again." William Deasmond was escorted out of the room to the front gates, whore the porter looked at a list, inquired his name of a warder, chocked it olff on his paper, opened the great awful gate, and lot him out into the free air again. The tall boy strode off in his new boots, and without a glance to right and left of him. From the shadow of the prison walls he would be glad to be free as soon as possible. With a set, hard, steely face, born of prison discipline, or of the thoughts which prison experiences had given him, he went quickly along the pavement, in the direction of his old hlaunts. " Bill, old boy, I have been waiting for you this hour and a-half," said a voice sauddenly in his ears, as he trudged on with downcast look, and with thoughts downcast, too. "I wish you joy on get ting out of the stone. Lot us drink to better luck next time, Bill." "''Mister Kelly ; is that you, really 1" "Yes ; it's really me." " Andsich a swell as yer air !" " Yes, quite the swell again, Bill; and 1 hope you think it's kind of me to come and see you out of boarding school." " Yes, it's kind," replied the boy, slowly ; "I s'poso so." "IHone have they treated you in there 1" " Beastly." "Ah ! it's a beastly place." " Have yor been there, then 1" "No,. no ; certainly not, only as a visitor, out of curiosity, understand," said Robert Kelly, answoring very quickly, " been there indeed I whata question !' Robert Kelly turned and walked with the buy down the main street. At the first publichonso he paused, and said "Don't you think a little stimulant would do us both good 1'" "Drink, yer mean 1' "Exactly." "Jest as yer like. I don't care what I does," said Bill, with the old sad cry. "You are a precious sight too low, Bill. They haven't treated you well; they hIaven't cut your hair properly; they haven't tried to cheer you up ; and yet we slave and toil and work to pay taxes to support those places," said Mr. Kelly, with virtuous indignation. "AlAh ! come and have a drink." "iRight yer air," said Bill, "drink's the besat thing for the likes of us." " Likes of ?t s " quoted the astonished Mr. Kelly ; but Bill did not hear him. "It makes one forget things, doesn't it, guv'nor 1" Vlhat do tjor want to forget 1?" asked Mr. Kelly, as they entered the gin-palace \--the private department- where they may talk at their case. " Never you mind," answered Bill. There were two glasses of gill called for, and the landlady who supplied the article looked at Bill's closely cropped hair, and guessed immediately where he had come from. There were a case of biscuits, a water jug, and two metal spoons lying oil the counter, and these she removed with promptitude and despatch. And it might have been observed that she took the price of the spirits from Mr. Kelly before dispersing the article, although that gentleman f atfected not to notice her ridiculous want of confidence. " Here's luck," he said to BiP', taking up Ilas glass. "Thanikeo," answered the otlher, but l he did not imitate his example. "Of course," said Mr. Kelly, with a r nervous cough, f' you have not men tioned my name inl that little matt er Swhich lagged you so unfortunatoly, Bill?" 1 "Yor hor brother, ain't yer " was his a response. "Yeles ; her only brother." S'It ain't likely I slhould lhave said t anythink agin for thou," he remarked, "or let out who put meo ip to the dodge of gettini' at them goods:" "i've had a stroke of luck slnce then," he said. "I can put something in your way; Bill, which will very much surprise you. In fact," he added, dropping his voice, " a friend and I have been talking about you as a sharp follow, who only s wants a chance. You don't touch your p gin, Bill." Bill put his hand towards it, and then 6 lot it fall to his side again. "How is shlle'" lie asked. 11 "Sho-lwho; what are you talking f, about, now " 11 " Your sister.'" S"1 Ohil! she enjoys' Woiidfdfuol "hielthli. She has gone to spain with the old woman for five years or so." i " Did sloe ever say anything more aboutit me 7" asked Bill, " that I was a rog'lar bad a on,' not to go to her 'oueo, and so on?" u "She thought it was a good job you didn't, . after all. And so it was, Bill. i She would have preached you to death; 1 she would have talked and talked; she would-" Mnr. Robert Kelly stopped suddenly, aua his lower jaw descended almost to his f chest in his amazement. The glass that he was raising to his lips was put back on the counter, against which lie sot his back i for support as though he had soonaghost, whose appearance there had utterly dis mnayed him. And it was some one as white as a ghost, at least, who glided in aid put a gloved hand on the arm of the discharged prisoner. " Bill; I" said I would' come and sea you," said Marjorie Kelly. Bill Desmond shrank away from her touch as though a hot iron had seared hinm, and all' the colour rushed into his face, and then left it again, leaving him as white as shle. " The lady," he whispered hoarsely, p "Jentmmy's good lady " a " As you did not come to me, Bill," she t said, always adopting that abbreviation of t his Chllristian name, with which he was t most familiar, "I havo como to you, as I promised. I should have seen you before, only 1 have been ill of a fevercaught that night your brother died." " But you don't know-" "That you have beooen in prison,'!; she 1 answered. " Oh, yes, I do. And I ant to save you from going there again." Bill looked down, writhed slowly away from her touch, and mnttered " Why can't yer leave me alonoe I am a born bad un. I ain't worth thinkilg about no more." " I promised Jemmuy," answored Mar- i jorioKelly, "and it has boon upon' my conscience that I haven't kept my, word. I have been unhappy in my helplessness. 1 wanted to save you if I could !" " Did yer 1" he added, eagerly." "'Well -thankee, lady, thankee. But it's too late " "It is never too late," she cried, " to 'say, 'Father, forgive- my trespasses against Thee, and turn me from the error of lily ways.' " "Yer brother says it is, and he's a 'cule cove, and knows a lot of things," replied bill, moodily. " My'brollihr is a po r wretch. indeed, if lie tolls you it is too late," cried Mar jorie, confronting Robert Kelly, whosa turns it was to wioco and look away, " you must n,t 'believe a word he says, Bill. You will comUo away with me, a short dies froln here ; there are friends waiting for you-waiting to help you." " Iain't got no friends." "Oh i yes you have," was the reply, "plenty. Friends whlo have heard my story and are interested in you; who t think with me, that tile love you bore your brother, tile care you took of him, the hard work you did for hilu, prove there is great goodness in you, waiting its time. And the timo is now, Bill." " They'll want to put you in a Refor nmatory," said Mr. Kelly, with a laugh, "I know their little games. Another t prison with a now name to it, that's all, i Bill." "VWhy do you wish to set this boy against a better life," cried Marjorie, facing her disreputable brother again. t " Because it's all no good," was the re ply. "Because it's no business of yours r to watch and sneak'about hers like a dk tective-to follow hini and me: you, a lady, too, to the bar of a colimmton publi" house like this. Becauso you haven't, treated me well, and introduced me, to any of your swell friends, who could have given a lift to a man on whom the br'ath I slander ihas never rested yet. . Because you are unjust and 'inconsistent, Mar jorie, and, you will excuse me, full of silly prejudices. It you want to protect I anybody," he cried, " protect me. Hero I am." . " Yoll can soe what'tllie man is, even, in his shallow cunning, Bill," she said contemptuoulsly, "is' it so hard to chooseo between his advice and mine 1" " I lave been in qiuod-I haven't even a good karac'er there. I'm' past making anything out of, lady, I am, indebd !" he said, slowly. "It's worry kind on you, but it's all no use. Nobody trusts nse, nobody over will." Ho reached his hand towards the gin glass again, and it was shaking strangely. Itobert Kelly pushed the glass towards him, but his sister Marjorie took it from his nervous fingers and emptied its con tents upon the floor. "I trust you, Bill," salo said. " You !" "With all my heart," she answered. ''I trust you from this hour, if you will leave that mlan, ansd come with mod." " I'll ' come I" cried Bill suddenly. "Take ne away. Give me one chanlc; and see what 1'll do 1" " Conme at once, then," " Yes-at once." "Well, of all the uugratoful people-" murmured Robert Keolly. "ly own sister turns her back upon me-and this is a lcharitable country," he added, shedding tears on the pawter.covered counter of the Sun and Doves, as its doors wore swung open, and M1arjorio and her strange protl0 omerged into thie street, and went rapidly onwards.. - "'This is 'cos you trusts me," said Bill, "lnot for my own sake.'! "For no one else's, Bill I" "'Well, Jomlny's p'raps. Jommy wouldn't hlave liked me to get wvus and wus." "And for anothler's, Bill 1" " Who else's I" " od's." "Ah ! yes," hlie answered softly, "I see (To bhe coltluied.) One evening Mary Lamb took a sudden Sand violent fancy to lhave soeio Stilton I cheesie for supper, It was very wet, and Sgetting rather late, but Charles at once I volunteeredl to try whether any could be Igot. He sallied forth, and reached their a choeosmonger's 'just as the shutters were :being put up. In reply to lis demand, he was assured that they had some fine P ripe Stilton; and the ashopeeper proceeded to cut off a slice. As it lay on thie scales, SLamb's attention was forcibly arrested by the lively gambols of a nlmber of maggota t which came to tile surface of the "fine ripe Stilton." "Now, Mr. Lamb," said tile hoesomongoer, "'shall I have the pleasure of sending this home for you?" " No, th-th.thank you," said Charles. " If you will give me a bitof twine, leou a cou-could, p'rhaps, Il-l-lead it home 1' Temporary Insenaity.-Timo "out of mild." d Arabi is no longer a BoDay, Ie is done I, (dun). 