MY GHOST. A DIVERSION was suddenly caused by one of the youngsters saying, apropos of nothing — "Father, the spook is still in the poort" — the 'spook' meaning the ghost. "What ?" I exclaimed ; upon which the youngster repeated his remark, and I learned for some time past a ghost had haunted a certain poort through the neighbouring hills. He did not seem to be a visible ghost, but several of the assembled company averred that they had on various nights, heard unearthly noises in the pass, and that no horse could be induced to go through it. My curiosity was aroused, and I declared my determination to go and interview the spook if possible. A Boer is not generally truely brave at heart but no man can enjoy seeing what he considers bravery exhibited by another more than a Boer does, hence great were the ecomiums showered on me by those assembled. My horse was forthwith saddled, and my host himself offered to show me the way to the haunted poort. The night was pitch dark ; there was not even a star to be seen through the heavy canopy of clouds that overhung us, and we could not attempt any pace faster than a walk ; but my guide knew the yeldt well, and our nags were sure-footed and alive to the necessity of being on the look-out for holes, so we got on better than might have been expected until the hills, which at first seemed like a black wall in front of us, began to take shape, and I heard the gurgling of the river which made its way through the poort. There was no road, only a bridle path but little used, and the horses slipped and scrambled as they dipped to the sharp descent which was to lead us to the only ford, at the other side of which a narrow and stony path, wound along through thick brush-wood and under overhanging rocks and trees. At that moment a most unearthly cry, something between a moan and a yell, rang through the silence of the night. "You hear it ?" gasped my companion, with difficulty mastering his horse, who had swerved and tried to turn sharp round. " I can go no farther." At the same instant his horse wheeled, and in doing so struck mine. The animal, already startled, reared, and when I had mastered him I found myself alone. I now bethought me of what I was to do. My horse was thoroughly frightened, and I did not like the idea of forcing him down the steep bank in the stormy bed of the river, only to have him possibly still further terrified when his footing would be insecure on the other side. There was evidently something mysterious about the cry, for it was not the cry of any wild beast, and I thought I should be likely to find my poor horse rather in my way if I wished to fathom the mystery. I therefore determined to lead him a little way back, and if I could not find the Boer who had accompanied me, to leave him to his own devices, whilst I engaged in my adventure. I halloed aloud, and presently heard a response. My friend had got a long way off, but after a very loud conversation, he was induced to approach the dreaded spot and take charge of my horse. He told me that if I was determined to go on, he would fetch some of the men from the house, and that they would make a fire at a little distance and wait for me. Taking my rifle, a small revolver, and a little lamp, with me, I started once more. The water reached nearly to my knees as I waded through the river ; but I had strong riding-boots on and I cared but little. Just as I reached the bank there arose once more that weird cry. It seemed to come from shore, from around me, and there was some- thing so unearthly, so mournful, so despairing in the sound, that even whilst I told myself that my senses were deceived by the echoes of the surrounding hills, I felt my blood curdle. I stopped when I reached the top of the bank. Thick darkness was around me and solemn stillness. I waited for about a quarter of an hour, until my heart beat painfully with suspense and a vague awe. Then again came that mournful wail. This time I thought that I could localize it. It seemed to proceed from the hillside above me. Pushing the brushwood aside I crept stealthily upward, sometimes slipping, some- times crawling on hands and knees, often pausing to listen, but all was still save far the rippling of the water below. At last the cry rang out again, I was on the right track ! My breath came quickly from suppressed agitation but I still crept forward and upward. I was near to the rocky summit of the hill now. Suddenly I heard a low moaning. I paused, then stealthily approached the spot whence it proceeded. It was so dark under the brush- wood that I could see nothing, and pistol and rifle would alike have been useless in case of danger, but I had unsheathed my hunting- knife and held it in my hand. There was a rustle, a rush, and the next moment I was rolling in mortal struggle with some fierce creature down the hillside. I gave it one desperate thrust with my knife, and wrench- ing myself loose I heard my enemy crash through the bushes, until a yell of pain and rage mingled with the thud of a heavy body falling on some projection that had arrested its downward course. This time I knew that the cry was from some animal in distress. Scrambling to my feet I lit my lamp, and by its feeble ray I groped my way along the track of the creature's fall, until I saw caught on a tangled mass of roots of tress that had been torn away in some long past storm from whence they grew, the shape of a large guant dog, the picture of famine and despair. Blood was trickling from a wound in its side, and blood was dripping from his jaws where he had been lacerated by the thorns and stones he had rolled through and over. As the gleam of my lantern caught his haggard eye he raised his head, and fixed on me a look of defiant woe and desolation which I shall never forget. Then I spoke to him, and the defiance melted away, he even let me touch him and staunch the blood issuing from the wound I had inflicted. At that moment I realised the agony animals must often feel at not being able to speak to us. That dog had a story to tell, and could only look at me with his pathetic eyes, and I felt sure he was dying. Pulling off my coat and shirt I tore the latter into strips, and bandaged his wound as well as I could. I placed the lantern beside him so as convey the idea to him that I meant to come back, and as I caressed him before leaving him he licked my hand. Then taking the sound of the water for my my guide, I made for the ford as quickly as I could. When I reached the impromptu encampment of the Boers I found them in great excitement. My story served only to bewilder them, but they acquesced in my proposition that we must try to save the dog, if only to endeavour through him to fathom the mystery which still clung to my adventure. It was near dawn when I suggesetd that two of them should accompany me when I re- turned to the dog, whilst the others should re- turn to the farm to arrange some sort of litter on which the poor beast could be removed from, where he lay to quarters more likely to con- duce to his recovery. By the time my two companions and I reached the scene of my night's work, the day had broken, and the heavy mist was begin- ning to rise. The dog was still alive and wagged his tail feebly in acknowledgement of my presence. He seemed better after he had lapped some water which I brought for him in a pannikan I had borrowed from one of the Boers, and out of which they had been drinking coffee which they brewed to keep up their spirits during the midnight watch. I then proposed to my companions that we should search the spot where I had first en- countered him, for it appeared to me that he must have been a self-constituted guard of something, which I suspected would prove to be a corpse. Acting on this suggestion we toiled through the brushwood until, close to the foot of the rocks which crowned the sum- mit of the hill, we at last discovered a spot where lay half a Kaffir. The body had evidently been buried carefully, but the ground had been scratched away, doubtless by the poor dog. The skull of the corpse was beaten in apparently by some heavy instrument, and there were old stains of blood on the shirt. My companion told me that the path through the wood was a little used short cut on the road to the diamond fields, and our supposition was that the poor fellow had been murdered perhaps for pilfering diamonds there. If so his love for riches had cost him dear. There was nothing on him to identify him by. ---All the Year Round. 