THE MELBOURNE CUP. By Beacoh. Amongst those horses which I hold to have a first- class chance for the great handicap of the year, Cunnamnlla is decidedly one. Those who look to tho comparative weights to ba carried may argue that there aro other horses more favorably considered, and such may 1)0 perfectly correct. This is not, however, tho only way in which to digest a handicap race, Tho all-important point to bo decided is, first, whether ho ia an improving horse ; and socondly, whether ho is equal to tho impost he has to carry. To the first question I would say there is no more improving horBO in tho race. Ho is sot on a grand frame, has size, length, power and stamina; his gameness is undeniable, and he has given proof of being ! ablo to stay. In fact ho has won a handicap race second only to the Melbourne Cup, and nil that is required of him now is to improve with hia year, and Bhould ho do bo ho must become ono of the most dangerous horses in the race. It is quite enough to go back to tho last Hawkesbury meeting for his performances, where we find with 7 st. he ran third to Haw thornden, 7 at. 11 lb., and Jtainbow, 6 st. 10 lb,, for a mile and a quarter. Ho then won the Sportsman's Cup, of ono mile and threo fur longs, with 7 Bt. 3 lb., beating Rainbow, 7 atl 5 lb., and Sauntercr, 8 et. 7 lb. At tho A.J.O. meeting, with 0 at., ho won tho Sydney Gold Cup, Sweet William, 0 st, 10 lb., eeoond, Rainbow, G Bt., third, the time being 3 min, 34 sec. At tho same mooting ho carried oft tho Eandwiek Stakes, one milo and a quarter with 8 Bt. 0 lb., Bathuret, 0 et. 10 lb,, nocond, Rainbow, 8 at. 13.1b., third, tho time, being 2 min. 15J soc. How ho won thoso races must befi'esh in the recollection of mirmn/lnn, nnA .,« to show that when well ho ianot easily beaten. Mr. Scarr hna given him precisely tho same weight in tho Metropolitan Stakos, but of tho two races I prefer hia chance for our Cup, and I am not the leaa constrained to entertain a favorablo opinion of him bcoauso he happens to be by my favorite Bire Maribyrnong. . Jm. ;modiatoly bolowJhim ia a very serviceable hprBo,1 w.biqh, at tho £rst ^lanoo of the weights, e»-i ^flped.mjr notice j it ia jho Drummer, i. yta.,, 8 st. 1 lb. Although ho ran in Sydney, wo know littlo about him until ho appeared1 on the Flomington course la?t autumn, when, carrying 8 st. 2 11)., ho won tho Kcllor Stakes. It could not, howovor, bo cloBscd aa ft great perform ance, -with 'Narrabrj, 0 nt. 3 lb,, second, nnd Courtonay, 9 st. 101b., third. Still, it was clear to the cyo that the horse was far from being fit. Then ho ran second to Duchess, Later on ho exhibited a marked improvement, when, on hia own Boil, ho won the Hawkea- 1 bury Autumn Handicap comfortably, carrying ! 6 Bt. 0 lb., beating Sweet Williwn, 6 Bt. 12 lb.,i and Hawthomden, 6 at. 5 lb., doing tho; milo and a half under 2 win. 39 see. This was ! undoubtedly good work, and entitles him to! take rank beside CunnamuUo, the pair noi doubt having boeu.regulatod by the weight, apportioned to Sweet William. Moreover, he ia j mado to meet CunnamuIIa on 3 lb. betteri terms than in tho Metropolitan Stakes. I, rather incline to Mr. Barnard's estimato of the j horses, becauso the sou. of M&ribyrnonf; carried | his weight to viotory over a longer course thaui The Drummer did. ACter thia ho ran a dead heat with Lord Burghley (their relative . weights boinp 8 st. 2 lb. and 9 st.4 lb.) in tho! Cumberland Stakes over two miles, and ended by winning tho A. J.C. plate of threo miles, under 8 Bt., with Tho Barber, 9 Bt. 5 lb.,socond, and Wellington, 9 st. 5 lb,, third. Theao races go therefore to show that he is equal to the weight ho ia called upon to carry, and has the; staying qualities also on his side. The Czar, : G yrs., 7 Bt. 12 lb., ia a horse we need not follow back beyond the last V.B.C. Spring Meeting, although certain of his twoyear old races would be found to be highly satisfac tory. In the Molbourno Cup, with 6 -st. 9 lb., he ran second to Zulu, 5 Bt. 10 lb., leaving a large field bohind him, nnd it is thia running that we must roly upon for future guidance, although his dead heat with Follio, 7 st. 12 lb. each,in Adelaide, is worthy of recollection ; my notion of this son of The Marquis and Dagmar being he is a horse that will be found to train better in tho winter than in the Bummer months. The objection to him is that he owes hispaternitytoThoHarquiB. Thisoircumstanco or prejudice must, however, be nibbed out since his Melbourne Cup running. If Tho Czar should only get satisfactorily through his preparation there arc few chances to bo pre ferred to his in the coming race. Grip, G yrs., 0 st., is by Slanderer from Awatea, and has pre cieely tho same, weight here he enjoya iu the Metropolitan Stakes, 9 st. From private sources I hear that his stable consider him to bo a better horse than Mata was. Now, if we could believe tho same, it would be striking a lino at once. Mata was admittedly sncli a very superior horse, that it is not easy to ac cept the tale without knowing how it is arrived at. If ho is Mata's equal I want no thing better, for there are few Cups rim that .a Mata could not win even with 9 at. up. Grip won the Canterbury J. C. Handicap, two miles, in 3 min. 4i sec, beating Louis d'Or and Lady Emma — tho latter a mare I entertain a very poor opinion of. He also won the Canterbury Cup, two miles and a quarter ; and the Christ church Plate, always meeting and beating the same lioraes, which ia not good enough to Etand to. Therefore, I shall dismiss Grip from my calculations until I know something more definite concerning him. Lord Burghley, 8 st. 12 lb., is to Borne a mystery. Yet wo have several performances of hia over two miles, none of which are encouraginc; when under weight. When he ran third to Grand Flaneur and Pro gress for the Cup two years ago he had but 7 st. 5 lb.; and although ho may be much im proved since then there is nothing to show that he ia 211b, a better horse, although I have heard it stated that ho is a bettor horso than Sweetmeat ever was. Even thus it is not every Cnp that Sweetmeat could win with 8 st. 12 lb. on his back, although eaoh time he might go out a favorite. He was not asked to do much last season, and at tho A. J.C. Autumn meeting, with 9 st. 3 lb,, was second to Progress, 9 St., tho mile and a half being run in 2 min. 48_ sec, and he afterwards ran Hie dead heat previously alluded to with The Drummer. The Barber, nged, 8 at. 9 lb., is undoubtedly a good horse over a milo and a half course, bo. yond which distance he has never exhibited u,iiy greiKi suiyiug powers. uien innes -would appear to have boen a favorite courso with him, the company he there met scarcely re commending him for a largo metropolitan race ; therefore we must look to his running over courses where he was likely to be more highly tried. At the late A, J.C. : Autumn meet ing ho won the City Handicap, ' a milo and tv half, under 8 st. 9 lb.j beating Stella;7 Bt. 3 lb., and Lord Oi-ville, 7st., in 2 min, 40_ sec; and was second In tbo A.J.O, Plato, won by Tho Drummer, beating Welling, ton, who, as wo all know, waa not fit. Mr. Soarr seems to hold much tho same opinion concerning him that Mr. Barnard does, and both may have overrated him at two miles, as I o inclined to think they have. Savanakn, 8 st. 9 lb.: I cannot see with the ghost of a Bhow ; my reason for aaying so is that ho is past hia primo and decidedly is not improving) Indeed I question if he ever again reaches within a stone of the form ho once displayed, Whoatear, 4 yrs,, 8 at. 8 lb,, Is a horso not to be despised, though I prefer him. over a mile and a half course to that of two miles, Ho won tho A. J.C. St, Lcjjer j yet, as was after wards proved, Somerset, who was second, to him, was really no good, nnd Mdnmouth, who waa third, had long sinco forfeited all claim to be called n good horse. After ho had fallen in tho last Melbourne Cup it was said that he could notihave lost, because ho UBcdtobeat Zulu fa their work. Of courw thisia all; stable talk, which is not always worth .ropcat' ing, and I am certain there are none outsidfi that would for a inorndnt believe ic Ho cut ?oj -riuerably enough in the Champion ftniff and I have yet to learn that ho ft a reliable borao over two miles, tnlcffl tho weight ia first icmovcd. As a clam Uireoycar-old, ho is correctly weightod, aev-|| theleBS in a two mile handicap race I tvouw rather back C'uiuiamulla at even weighfi? Proctor, G yra., 8 st, 6 lb., .belongs to QuccnS land, where lie has run and lost, and l)catcp horses we know nothing about. TUcrtfoic {o enumerate his performances would be Soiifj liglvtment. He lias carried lair weight?, ana the time given is very good. No ono UtioirS how far reliable these things are, and bo X EhsJj do with him as I would adviso others to dop namely, pass him by for the present, iK Scarr rates him as Tie does Wueatoar, .putting them both j lb. below Mr. Barnard's statLtem Hesperian, G yrg., S st, 8 lb., ib in the siiai stable as CunnamuIIa, Saionnra and others) Last autumn ho came down here, as most pcr1 bods thought, to win the Australian Cup, but if! eventually turned out that the Newmarket Handicap was his dart, which he failed M secure. No doubt he is a good horse and .bag not an ounce too much weight, nnd should ha turn out to be the best in this clever stable will bo hard to beat, although this fact I inucli question. Martindnle I cannot have at any price. But First Water is well onough in should ho come to the post fit, as he rarely hasj done. Sir Joseph is rather hardly used at 8 st. 5 lb., although it will never, surprise me if he he has learnt to stay', I feel persuaded he can travel a far greater, distance than people give him the credit iji doing, though I am not satisfied that he caif yet get two miles. Bathurat, 8 st. 5 lb., ia quite well enough in if he will only train to his best form, which 13 always doubtful. Still ho is not a thorough two mile horse, and probably never willbe. Lord Clifdan carries the same weight, but has done nothing thnt should recommend his chauce in a lace like thij, Surwarrow, S st. i lb., I cannot bavo over n mile and a half, and then I must eee him fit;; which I did not do during the post Boasotft Venom, 5 yrs, S at, 41b., ia little known on tho turf as yet. He is well bred, and once had tho reputation of possessing great speed. I suppose) Bosworth will bo rung into tho market' again, but if his past performances arc true ho can have no earthly chance, 