THE STORY-TELLER the; life and adventures of JOHN MARMON, THE HOHXANGA PAKEHA MAORI ; OB SEVENTY-FIVE YEARS IN NEW ZEALAND. Chapter YH. The three sncceeding years — thai is, from 1811 io 1814, when I completed my appren ticeship — were the most active I spent in my life. Daring the greater part of them I was engaged in whaling, being not three months in Sydney daring this tone, and upon their conclusion I was rated as a first- class seaman. The B arwich, on her arrival in Sydney, was thoroughly overhauled and repaired; was refitted both in her forecastle and cabin ; her stores were anew made up ; her crew was again selected ; and after three weeks' stay she was once more ready to sail. There had been se much to do in the way of canlking and painting, at which I was kept -busily employed, that I was unable to get much ashore, although twice or thrice I ran up to my old haunt, The Sailors' Arms,' and had a night of it with my chums. It was whilst returning from one of my visits to this grog-shop that I had an adven ture which I can never forget. Though sixty-five years have come and gone since then, it is as fresh upon my recollection as thoagh it happened yesterday. I had been on leave ashore ; all oar work on board was done ; the new crew were . expected the following day — only the captain, mates, Jack Greenwood (the other apprentice), and myself were in the ship. My chums and I had been playing cards and drinking rum half the night, and it was in the small hours when I began to return to the vessel, then lying at Mr. Campbell's wharf. Although not very Bteady upon my pins, I was hastening on board, since I heard that Tommy Trumble, an old mate, who had been missing for some days, was picked up drowned, and placed on he Harwich, and I wished to get all the par ticulars from Jack before I turned in. When I got on board I could see no one. It was Mr. Hawkins's watch, and he had gone below ; so, dreading lest he should see me in drink and knock off my grog for a week, I concluded that it was best to turn in and get the news in the morning. During the course of the repairs in the fo'c'sle I had swung my hammook in the forehold and made myself there pretty com fortable. So down the ladder I went, alighting, to my surprise, on a deal box. However, thinking one of the men had come aboard, and that his box had been lowered here meantime, I turned in, and from the combined influence of rum and exhaustion was soon asleep, although it did strike me there was a peculiar smell aboat the hold. How long I slept I know not, save that while darkness still reigned I was awakened by a qoiee a&;i£ scores of hammers were ringing on anvils at my ears. Now Jacky Greenwood had been in the habit of playing practical jokes on me, rapping me ap as if wanted, and then laugh ing at me for my pains. Corses deep and long flowed from me at this new piece of roguery, and lifting a wooden bar that-was at my head, I sprang from my hammock, and beat furiously on the bulkhead of the vessel, fhe hammering ceased as if all the anvils had split. Hurried footsteps ran along the deck, and I heard Jacky Greenwood cry, Oh, Mr. Hawkins, please, Mr. Hawkins, I was. just hammering a nail from my shoe over the fore-hold, when Tommy Tumble answered me up the hatch with the ghost's rattle. Ochone, oehone ! It's not only ould Ireland as has the banshee.' Jacky, it must be recollected, was a strapping ex-convict of four- and-twenty , hiving been transported for sheep- stealing. Nonsense, Jacky, didn't ye see him picked up and put into 'the deal box and lowered into the forehold? Nonsense, man, ye're dreaming.' I heard no more, whatever more was said. All my mother's ghastly stories of ghosts and goblins to keep me abed of nights came back upon me. The corpse was near me, "perhaps, for all I knew, qpen. Oh, heavens! all was accounted for. With one bound I reached the ladder, up which I sprang with a yell that would have immortalised any Maori that ever lived, and sped toward the pair like a ship in full sail. The apparition of a figure in very scant and airy attire bearing thus down upon them was sufficient for both. With a horrid ejaculation, ' Oh, Lord alive, here he is,' Jacky cleared bulwarks and ropes into the water, striking out manfully for the nearest vessel, while' Mr. Hawkins, on attempting to follow liis example, slipped and fell, having eventually to face the ghost capstan-bar in hand. At any other time the ridiculous episode would have tickled me immensely, but I was horror-struck at having slept with a corpse ; and ducking to avoid the mate's blow with the capstan-bar, I seised him by the legs, crying : 'Help, help, Mr. Hawkins; I have been down with the corpse and never knew it was there." 4 Shiver my timbers, and bs blowed if it The proprietors of 41 The Weekly Times" have purchased the light of publishing this murswTe ntheir journal. ain't the boy. What in the \?otld have you been about?' ' j . . Oh, Lord keep me, sir, I have been lying with a dead man.' Then the ludicrous side of the scene dawned upon him, and for -two or three minutes he rocked to and fro in a paroxysm of laughter. At length his merriment sub sided, and we could look about for Jacky, whom after considerable search we descried upon the main-yard of the Pacific brig that lay at a little distance, viewing the situation with undisguised astonishment. The Ghost of Campbell's Wharf was long a source of amusement in Sydney nautical circles. — Two days after my episode, our new crew being all told, we weighed anchor and com menced our second whaling vovage, our desti nation this time being Hobart Town. After a fine trip of ten days we reached Betsy s Island, where, after an exciting chase, we secured a large sperm whale. Whilst here we secured five fish in all, giving us a return in oil of about thirty tons. Besides ourselves there were on the ground at this time the Active, Captain Johnston ; and the Cumber land, Captain Goodenough, but they had not as yet been so fortunate as we, and we were not disposed to let them into the secrets we We next tried Storm Bay Passage to no purpose, went into Port Prince for wood and water, and finally ran for Adventure Bay, where we fell in with a large school of whales. :Two boats at once left the ship — the one commanded by the captain, the other by Mr. Hawkins, and the chase became absorbingly exciting. Gradually they became specks in the distance, still, however, keeping well in shore, and when we reached them, which we idid in about an hour's time, we found they had killed no less than three fish. As night was coming down and the men exhausted with their day's work, we anchored till morning. AH night long, on the rockis in towards the shore, fires were burning, befcre which the natives were singing and dancing in anticipation of an approaching feast of whale's flesh. Next day we lit our try- work fires, and tried out the oil from the soft white blubber ; scarcely completed this when another school was seen in .the bay, from which we cut out two more prizes, to be served the same way as their predecessors. From this ground, after we had crnised about in vain for a fortnight, we returned tc Storm Bay Passage, and worked slowly up to Hobart Town for wood and water. Yan Diemen's Land, at this time, was just a reproduction on a smaller scale of New South Wales, of which it was a depen dency, not being severed till 1819. Dis covered by Tasman in 1642, and named by him after Anthony Yan Diemen, Dutch Governor in the East Indies, it was formally taken possession of by Great Britain in 1803, and a penal settlement founded there in 1804. Hobart Town, its capital, pleasantly situated on the Derwent, fortunately navigable up to the very Settlement, exhibited the same features as Sydney did. Life was terribly wild and reckless, the convicts here were of the most desperate character, and order was only maintained by summary justice and an iron hand. Still, it is a lovely spot. The soil is rich, the climate splendid, and the natives are very friendly. We were allowed to go ashore, and found that Hobart Town grog was the worst that had ever been dis tilled. From here back to Adventure Bay was our next move, where in a month we caught and tried out no fewer than sixteen whales, our fires never being extinguished until we had filled with oil everything in- the ship that would hold it, even to the washtubs, which were the perquisites of the sailors. As we had now on board above 200 tons of oil, we knocked off whaling, cleaned up our decks, and sailed- once more for Hobart Town. Here we remained a fortnight, keep ing in right royal style Christmas and New Year. Bight royal, did I say ?— this scarcely expresses it, for every mother's son of us was most imperially drunk for ' the entire week. But the world must have an end, and so must a spree.' Therefore on the 6th of January, 1812, we stood down Storm Bay, on our way to Sydney. A fine run of five days before a freshening wind brought ns, we might say, almost into home waters, when the breeze chopped round and blew right ahead, gradually increasing in violence, until it became a severe gale. All we could do was to run before it, and when it subsided we found ourselves close to the Bay of Islands. As the weather did not look promising, Captain Walker determined to take shelter here until we could with safety pursue our journey; so we ran for our accustomed anchorage at Te Puna. From the Maoris, who came on board with pigs, taro, kumaras, and potatoes, we heard of the Boyd massacre. Hongi, the chief of the Ngapuhi tribe, came off to our vessel and seemed very desirous to learn all he could, about European customs. He was, seemingly, a most mild an amiable savage, with not a trace of the terrible ferocity he afterwards displayed visible in him at this period. . He was remarkable only as an ingenious crafts man — being a skilful earver, and a clever designer of mokos, or tatoo marks. It was from him we learned the cause of the above- named sad massacre ; how that the Boyd, a fine Indiaman. bound from Calcutta to Eng land, having called in at Sydney for stores, received, as a passenger to New Zealand, where likely she was to put in for spare, a young Maori chief, related to Te Pahi, one of the .most powerful of the northern arikis; that the mate, ignorant of the rank of the youth, and being short of hands, requested , him to perform some menial work aboard, which he at once refused to do. On this, the other, in a fit of passion, tied Him to the mast and cruelly lashed him. The young man 6&id; nothing, .but on their arrival at Whsngaroa, informed his. relatives of the treatment to which he had been subjected. A dire revenge was concoeted. By a show of friendliness on the part of the natives, the captain and officers were induced to abate their precautions, to accompany the chiefs ashore to their h&k;&ris; (feasts), nay, on the one especial day to accompany them into the bush, where the kauris were said to be more convenient for felling. Their doom was sealed. In the bush they were murdered. The vessel was seized, the powder magazine opened, and a desultory, fusllade kept -up in celebration of their victory over the p&keha.; But -amidst alia spark fell amongst the loose powder, and the Boyd and its Backers were blown to the winds. Hongi told this through Erem&i;, an interpreter, with such an air of satisfaction and approval that Captain Walker considered it safest to depart as soon as possible, lest the chief, notwithstanding his seemingly pacific character, might seek to emulate the Boyd massacre by attacking the Harwich. Therefore, to Hongi's dis appointment, we prepared to leave, and on the 15th of January, after giving him two muskets, some powder and shot, and an axe or two, and some knives, as a present, we left the Bay for Sydney. We reached Port Jackson on the 24th of January, nothing eventful having transpired on the voyage. Our cruise had been so successful, and its result) so eminently satisfactory to Mr. Paterson, that when paying us our wages in full he engaged all for another trip, to be made as soon as the ship could be fitted out. On board the Harwich everything was so comfortable and well arranged, that, with two exceptions, all hands agreed to make another voyage in her. Then, after the oil had been put ashore, and the ship left clean as a new pin, came a fortnight's stiff spreeing to knock down our cash. I always look upon this time, reader, as being the best in my life. If ever I was in clover I thought I was then. After our spree was over, and every sixpence gone, up went our anchors, and on the 27 th of February we sailed upon another whaling cruise ; this time to the Antipodes Island, which lies about 680 miles 8.E. of New Zealand, and receives its name from being the land in the Southern World most nearly opposite to Great Britain. It is only a huge barren roek, entirely uninhabited save at times by a few sealing gangs, with very difficult landing place, and rises at the most elevated part to about 1,000 feet above the level of the sea. Similar also to An tipodes Island are the Bounty Islets, a small cluster of rocky cliffs about ten miles from the former, destitute of vegetation, and in habited only by sea birds. They were dis covered in 1783 by Captain Bligh, of the Bounty, and named after his vessel. This was our cruising ground. Not a very pleasurable one, you will say, but we do not look to those things in whaling. All the beauties of nature would not rival a school.of whales blowing and tumbling in monster happiness. This was an entirely uneventful cruise, v save that we repeated our success in whaling, ana that Poor Jacky Greenwood fell frnm the mizzen-top on to the deck and was instantly killed, nearly causing the captain, npon whom he fell, to share his fate. We buried him at sea, Captain Walker reading a service over him, and then Jacky was forgotten and gone. ' After cruising about the Antipodes Island we stretched across to Curtis Island, from thence to the East Cape of New Zealand, with varying success, then up to the Three Kings, from that to the North Cape, where we traded with the natives for pigs and potatoes. The former were good, but the pork tasted very fishy, as the pigs are fed principally on seaweed and fish. Whilst here, the Brother schooner came in for stores, and reported the death of their skipper. Captain Neale, at Mercury Bay. The natives, lulling all suspicion fay apparent friendliness, at length tried to take the vessel when a number of them were aboard engaged in trading. Gradually they forced the crew back, until the carpenter, a gigantic Irishman, nearly seven feet high, jumped up from the hold, and, armed only with a hand saw, drove the Maories overboard. .. This, however, was not effected until they had killed three men, Captain Neale amongst the number. We then bore across to Moreton Bay and Mount Warner, where we cruised for a month, and were tolerably successful, being joined by the Catherine, Captain Graham, on board of which I first saw Tap- sail, who was third mate and carpenter. Bnt more of him anon. Next we held along the coast to Curtis Island, from this to Sandy Cove, where, our wood and water running short, we determined to run for the New Hebrides. This is a group of islands of volcanic origin, mountainous in the extreme, yet well wooded, covered with rich vegeta tion, and abounding in good water. Fruits and spices are here also in great variety, figs, nutmeg, cinnamon, oranges, breadfruit, bananas, growing everywhere, and affording a wholesome change to sailors Bick of salt horse' and biscuit. Here for the first time I saw a volcano, the island of Tanna being one vast crater, emitting smoke, flames, and showers of pumic ashes. " The natives are very fierce and treacherous, and . fain would have decoyed us into the bush, but we were too wide awake for that sort of thing. Having secured our supplies we kept out of their way. They evinced their vindictive spirit many . years afterwards, as I have heard, in the murder of poor" Parson Williams. We put a sow and a boar ashore here to pig the island. From this we ran for the North Cape of New Zealand, meeting no whalers on our way, and whilst here, influenced by. one of the men, I ran away with him and hid in the bush, but hunger compelling us to seek supplies, I was despatched to forage, whilst my companion kindled a fire, but falling in with some Maories on the way, they stripped me of my knife, vest, shoes, and my hat ; they conveyed me back to the ship, ex changing me for 31b. of ponder. Alas, it is true, such was my Maorian value ; not even did I attain to the rate of an old musket. However, my previous good conduct stood me in good stead, so again i was exempted from flogging. Hearing that whales were plentiful around New Caledonia, the skipper at once ran for the island, sighting Norfolk Island on the way. The inhabitants of New Caledonia are a robust race of savages of almost negro blackness. They are very hostile to strangers, and would not permit us to land. As the surface is mountainous and broken, being covered also with a dense bush capable of af fording concealment to any ambush, it was not considered safe to attempt. We got here four whales in all, one of which was a sperm, and our success not corresponding to our hopes, we stretched back to New Zealand, going into the Bay of Islands for wood and water. Our friend, Hongi, came on board, bringing with him a relation, Tepawaiki, as well as pigs, potatoes, and kumaras. When we left we gave him a Written character that would serve as a recommendation to other captains coming in, that they might rely ' upon bis honesty and friendliness. From the Bay we next ran down past the East Cape, into Cook's Straits, landing in Admiralty Bay, thence still southward past the Chatham Isles, past the Antipodes and Campbell's Island, still on south nntil we were in the Antarctic Circle. This was almost virgin whaling ground, and we got no fewer than twelve splendid fish, which we cut ana tried out, with the very iron blistering our fingers from the extreme cold. Still on southward until we came to a vast continent of ice, and onihe horizon the grand spectacle of an active volcano rolling its fiery columns to heaven, amidst eternal frost and snow. This was the limit. After securing two more whales, which completely exhausted our means of containing the oil, the order was given about ship,' and nothing loth we started Sydneyw&rds.; We reached home on the 7th of January, 1813, having been away eleven months. I found that in my absence my father had died of small-pox, & sickness then raging with peculiar violence in Sydney, and that my mother had married again, this time a small settler at George's River, who had originally come out in the same ship with her, I had no ties now to home, I was a waif npon the world, I had no lordly name to maintain in honour, nor friends to c$re what I did, for I was the only child my parents had, there fore from this time I adopted the principles I have always maintained, as being the only means to get on happily in life, viz., so long as you are happy yourself, never . mind whether others are so or not ; if yon can get good things of this life, enjoy -them, hut never trot about the world seeking for people to enjoy them with you. This is what causes misery in the world. A man gets so awfully charitable that he can't even take his 'nobbier' without shouting another for a friend who wouldn't stick to him if he hadn't cash. Selfishness is not a crime, but a virtue, since it confines a man to himself and saves half the heart-burnings that embitter life. But our stay in Sydney is short. Having discharged our cargo of oil, and having re- coppered the ship, we fitted out the Harwich for a trading voyage to the Society and Friendly Islands. It was now three years since I had seen or heard of my Tongan friends, so I was anxious to know how they had got on. On the 10th of February we shipped a new company, the captain having his wife on board, and weighed anchor, reaching Tonga on the 12th of March, after a very stormy passage. We did not put into the Island of Tonga as before, but ran for Vavau, the largest of the group. The Tonga or Friendly Islands are made up of a cluster called the Hapai Islets, Yavatr, and finally that from which they take their name, all of them lying about a hundred miles S.E. of the Fiji Islands. Considerable interest was evinced by the natives on the land, when they saw so large a vessel as the Harwich approaching their shores, and when we swung to anchor off the settlement, M&cave;, several canoes came off to interview us. As Captain Walker had heard of their treatment of the Port au Prince in 1806, and the Morning Star, to impress them with an idea of our strength, he ordered a solute to be fired from the eight c&rronades; we carried, ostensibly in honour of King Finow, bat in reality to let him-nnderstand what he might expect if he showed any hostile spirit towards us. -The precaution was a wise one, since it thoroughly awed the natives into friendliness. To my surprise, when the foremost canoe came up, whom should I see in it but my old mate in the Morning Star, Tomi Sykes, dressed in Tongan costume, and. apparently a person of consideration. His greeting to me was most frifendly, and through him, as interpreter, we were told to fear nothing ; that Finow was only too conscious of the benefits to be derived from trade ever to show hostility to strangers, but that as a pledge of his friendship he had sent three Tongan chiefs as hostages. This was sufficient. Without farther delay, ordering his boat, the captain went ashore, taking, however, with him a strongly- armed party, in caBe the cupidity of the natives should overcome their promises. We landed on a sacred piece of ground called Gnacow, sup posed to be the burial place of Tooitonga, a great Tongan chief, afterwards assumed as their protecting deity by the natives. Any one may land here withont hindrance, as to fight here would be considered a sacrilege, and if the most inveterate enemies meet on this ground, they must look upon each other as friends, under penalty of the displeasure of the gods, and consequently an untimely death or. some great misfortune. Finow was awaiting us in this Enclosure, surrounded by his egis (chiefs), matabooleB (warriors), and a host of inferior attendants. They also were armed, some with muskets, others with acowfannas (bows), and acowtas (Tongan clubs). The kiug was a fine-looking man, having his body painted with red ochre, according to various fancifu1 designs. He saluted Captain Walker by pressing his nose against the other's forehead, then taking him by the hand led him to a bench, where they sat and conversed, Tom Sikes acting as interpreter. The interview over, we were conducted into the fortress of Felletoa, and invited to partake of a catooanga, or banquet, that had been prepared in our honour. This fortress is situated about one hundred yards distant from the water's edge, taking up at least four or five acres of ground. It consists of a strong wall or fencing of reeds, some thing like wicker-work, supported on the inside by upright posts from six to nine inches in diameter, and situated about a foot and a half from each other, to which the reed- work is firmly lashed by tough since!;, made of the husk of . the cocoanut. The fencing is about nine feet high ; it has four large entrances, as well as several small ones, secured on the inside by horizontal sliding pieces, made of the wood of the cocoanut tree. Over each door are platforms, about nine feet square, intended for the accommo dation of men from which to shoot or throw down large stones, or in some other way annoy assailants. On the outside is a ditch, nearly twelve feet deep, and as many broad, filled with water from a stream that runs through the fortress. It was altogether a place of great strength, and fitted to offer a | stubborn resistance to any attack made j I without artillery. i (to be continued.) I 41 A new way to pay olh. debU" is to take f the cash and pay them. 