THEATRE ROYAL. The most ambitious effort of a troupe of juvenile artists, and undoubtedly the most meritorious that has been presented on the local stage, was the performance on Monday evening of Planquett's tuneful opera " Les Cloches de Comeville," by Pollard's Lilipu tian Opera Company. We are confident that all who were present—and the house was well filled in all pai-ts—were not only pleased but surprised that an opera demanding from the performers so many qualities of excellence should be so well played through out. Usually when- children assume the characters that adults find a difficulty in maintaining with credit, the audience must be content to regard the entertainment as a novelty, and be satisfied with a me diocre display of unripe ability. The au dience on Monday, however, experienced a pleasant surprise in the exceptional completeness with which the piece was pre sented, the clever and realistic manner in which the leading parts were sustained, and the excellent orchestral and scenic effects. Our readers will remember that in the argument of the opera the Comte de Lucenay, attainted for political reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienne and considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Gaspard, This wily Norman, foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own, brings up the child as his niece, under the_ name of Germaine, and gratifies his in satiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's treasure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De Lucenay, and an exile from France, but the grandson of this Marquis de Corneville is alive. _ Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres stride^ along its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. These are devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old Chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot_ of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the band, also flying from Gaspard's house—but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the Chateau and audit the Barony accounts. Germaine has bethrothed herself to a ne'er do-weel of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenicheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But in fact her deliverer was really the long lost heir—the young Henri de Corneville, now captain of an armed ship, with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashore at Honfleur to re-visit the house of his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again returns—and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants—amongst others Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux (now turned coachman), concludes the first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the Chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms—and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries bearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines, are here made by the marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girl he rescued from the sea is the Germaine who has captivated him, but who believes her self bound in honor to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of Comte de Lucenay and placing of his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Serpolette immediately rushes to the conclu sion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank, but the development of the plot shows that Germaine is the real daughter of the Comte, and she of course is united to the marquis. The part of Henri Marquis de Corneville was assumed by Miss Maud Pollard, who is the tallest and most matured of the young ladies, and who comported herself with appropriate dignity as the scion of a noble house, but whose voice is somewhat hard and uncertain. Master C. Osmond as Jean Grenicheux might easily have been mistaken for a girl by the lightness and flexibility of his vocal organ, but his speaking voice and his actions deter mined his sex, and he gained a fair share of the plaudits bestowed during the evening. Master E. Osmond as the Baillie exhibited such a decided turn for low comedy that he caused a considerable amount of merriment, and with Master J. Sheehan as Gobo, his clerk, kept the house in a simmer of laughter, both j youngsters being admirably made up, and ( throwing a great deal of drollery into their j parts. Gaspard, the old miser, was admirably j represented by Master H. Salinger, who was j specially effective in the scene where, surprised in the haunted castle gloating over his ill gotten gains, he loses his reason; and again in the last act where the familiar voice of Germaine brings back his memory and enables him to make restitution to his ward, and unmask the villany of the Baillie. Geimaine found a fitting representative in Miss Lena Salinger, who both sang and acted with great taste and appropriate naivete. As Serpolette, the foundling, Miss May Pollard evinced a coquetry and smartness quite in keeping with the role, and sang the numbers al lotted to her in a style that evoked the approbation of all present. The other characters were also well sustained, and the choruses were rendered with a spirit that was surprising when the fact is remem bered that many of the young singers were facing an audience for perhaps the first time. The maypole dance and the cider ballet were both very pleasing features of the entertain ment, and told how well the youngsters had been trained. The orchestral music was very good, the dresses picturesque, and the stage accessories complete. Several well-earned encores were gained during the evening, and the principals were called before the curtain at the close of each act. As usual on an opening night the performance was somewhat prolonged, but the piece will be played with greater precision 011 its repeti tion this evening. '"VVe have no doubt that the Liliputians will be generously patronised during their stay in Adelaide, as their enter tainment is both meritorious and enjoyable. 