THE LOUNGED I am often numsod at tho complaconev - which tho rising hopes of this city 'i,?'1' nliout education. If thoy do not stato asms j thoy cortainly imply that, in regard to a absorption of nil mannor and , varieties „f 1. iug, thoir minds are oven na a Bpongo. 1W to stt-iko a matoh tlio other ovuninir. mui. !?s loo of tho portico ot tlio Atlionmum, I w.'r force mado auditor of tho remarks of 1, of youtlis, whoso entire joint stock rtiKni„„ '' tho matter of board would not havo sunvS for tho manufacture of a rospectnbla H brush. Thoy had, I thinlc, b„0 to!11 ing about spiritualism — it was ,i_ tho ovoning of Mr llaviland's lootum" and ono of tliom was evidently inclines V plead for tho truth of tlio doctrine. fellah," exclaimed 0110 sapling in a sort of way, "Tho world is too, oh, odiimSi all, to boltovo such 'umbug." "Yes," ocC , another, "odication has swept away tho ml webs of snporstition. Science, ' Join, scion tliat'sa sensible man's religion. Its annua nf Icouoclasm, this is. Look around yer T(, oburcliosstrnggloin vain against thoovorwhalm ing torrent of human reason nndodicntion-tl,» sloopondous force of scioncoand the revelation of nature. Yos, sir. Spirits and ghosts »nS so- called pboiioinoua havo had thoir day. Men aro no longer ready to accent that which they are told. Thoy think, Jem thw 1 think; and odication hns taught '0111 to think' Horo I passed 011, tho spenkor's last Wu,j. oxciting tho thought within my own minil that this is just what our system of education doh not bring about. Tlio other evening I had » talk with a child (if such articles exist nnw-» days) of tlio mature ago of sovon years, and I was humiliated and humbled at the extent and vnrioty of hor knowledge, Whow lovotv mortal branch and sprout of kunwledgo vth at hor tongue's ond— nor tongue's end, maik yon. But when I faintly asked the why and tlio wherefore g,. reason for this or thnt grammatical rule ; Un logic or tho structure of this or that sentence- or wished hor to givo 1110, in short, somothiij more than pnrrot rule and reason, tlio littu damsel, with a toss of hor pretty head, rotilied that such things woro not taught at tho school slio patronised. Ami thoy aro not, with the result that you shall find educational auto- mala in abuudiuico ; but no mora, T'liouoht reflection, tlio busy analyses of tlio brnin- theso intellectual oxercisos are strangled by tlio modern socalled 'education— with little bettor result as it appears to mo than tlicdo- vololnnout of tlio bad ill our youth, rntlior than thocultivatiouof tho good.Uy George!— if I had a theatre, I would write a burlesque, iu which I would traco the outcome of modern superficial instruction, beginning with tbo ragged imp of six years and under, sent to school by hit mother, who regards the schoolmaster as 1 sort of day um-so, — up to the full blown larrikin, or the respectable idiot, each of wlinso " education " has only sorvod to mako him oither iniscltiovoits,.or useless to socioty. 1 Did you ovor road the "Secularist's Manual, '1 a cheerful! book issued ill tlio causa of Truth (capital letters, ploase Mr Compositor), and introduced to tbo disciples of reason in a pre face by Bradlaugh. Mr Gladstono, in tbo courso of a speech dolivorod nt Blsckheath somo timo ago, referred to this work na containing many xvordsof sense ; and asasamplo, in illustration, ho quoted tho following stirring linen : — " Fnrowcll dunr friends, adiou ! adieu I Till we again uulto : Tlio social system, keop in viovv, Farewell, dear friends, good night." Thoro is a rugged simplicity ill this " poetry" which no doubt appeared to tho Spartan-soup tasto of Mr Gladstone who without doubt was also stirred by thoso lineo: — " What book Is flltod with talcs so wild, Tlutt yotl would scarce bcllovo a child To think them true, could boboguilod? The Bible. This, howevor, was boforo tho rovisod edition of the now Tostarnont was givon to tho world. But fancy John Milton listening to this sort of thing ! Can yon not seo the withering scorn gathering liko a thundercloud upon his brow; and tho lightning llnsh from his sightless cyu —aye andlioar Ins voice, ond mark thoso gib bering apes crouch boforo the shock. There is tho comfort. Notwithstanding Mr Glad stone's laudation, and tho fact of Mr Brad- laugh's preface, I doty nuy impartial person to pick out any words of sonso from this precious ('reduction— which contains a parody of tho Doxology, a lively description of the millcnimn " when, competition's woes will ccnso " and so on. - Tho "tono" of tho book is athor poetical than.logical or argumentative. Tho contributors have burst into song when 1 hoy should liavo ddvotcd thomsolvcs to prosy analysis. In fmu tliu book, which contains s« 'many words of sen'go,' lias some admirable points— tho chiof .-'of, which lies in tho paper upon which tho words pC sense aro printed, and which makes the- very best pipo lights im aginable, ' I There is ono.itein'.'in tlio weekly return of the cases relioyed by tiio committee of tho Ladioa' 'Bonovolent': Society thnt makes ma angry when I ..refer Ito it. It reads thus " Deserted wives B,".Cjr (>, or 7 as tho caso may bo.- Now I am-aulBci'eiitly informed concern ing tho "softer" so.|; to know that somo of them are very hard inoloed;and tiiat twenty por cent at least: of thesef fonder creatures are xor calculated to , make' /mail's homo an earthly paradise. Facts- nn-o stubborn things, and so arc women ; bo)1 that I am not sur prised to. learn j no many wives are left to mourn in solib'tido and grief. But, us a matter of publio iini'mrt, theso wholesale deser tions are rascally <w) indies. If a man bo afflic ted with abunion, A- a wen, or nrod noso, or bandy legs, licninsft e'en grill and bear with his disabilities. And/ff a man have a wifo whoso toinpor, and wawb, and boliavior aro not agree able; whilo I10 irfay, if ho will, place a long dis tance betweon /her and himsolf, I10 should, none thb'less,_txrovidofor!ior livelihood. Thoro is something iijnjxpi-essibly cowardly in the de sertion of a wijfe, and often tlio mothorof his children, b.- jiim who should bo tiio broad- winner. It is im outrage, not only upon all natural fooling lull! sontinicnt of honor, but upon tho public — for tlio deserted wife is often compelled to' appeal to charity, such us this admirable ladiov bonovolent socioty disponsos. Tims, thon, tho runaway husband s biu-dea is placed upon our bhouldcrs. Iu n certain souse, wo, the public, are compelled to tako tho hus- b.nids and tho fiqbers' place. This is not an agreeable, reflection ; it is howovor, nil irrita ting fact, I thirrv the,,, tliat'a "reciprocity treaty' entered vnt0 by tho Governments of ,'le ,,00'0niies, and having for its \- -10 '."Srrest and punishment « wife' dosorters, ;Would check, tho ovil, and reduce .tbo- ros'sibilities 0f tlio public-r which, 111 all con:j(,;unc„ ave s(, far as charities are concerned, ufntooso„ably strained. Anew chum, -jvho hn3'takoii to farming i» tho Waimea piping ;n NewZoaland.has recently expflrlenccd-n,reai;sation 0f tho truth of tho saying tbathowii0 sows whont should look 1 tho tares., . A n»jghbor advised tpm to ley down down a fow ncrea ;n turnips, and to sow gorno seed : along tho tons of tho sod fenos which divided his allotments. This advicplie prococdpd to follow, with the consequence that ho now has as pretty a flV0 nore crop of gorse as ono might might w-jb to uproot, and a noble promise- of gc,WeI1 g'fllies" on the tops of Ills sod walls. . As a first oxporiraont 111 husbandry this ilia.- not, perhaps, ho re- us happy. But at least this farme will havo learnt a voiiv practical lesson, and henceforward will doubtless mako the structure and _ appparance of sbeds a epocial study, bowing tho wild outs, ,v0 all know, is » process which involves Well loss both of time nnd health nnd pockets; kind oft times, alas!.the reaping is of tares, ayo aind tears. This farmer slioiild be comforted by i ijomo such reflection and by tho lesson which Baa been taught h"11 that even at tlio antipodal i turnips are turnip3 and gorse is gorse; 