NOTES AND .COMIENTS. I Br COSMorozrT.. S. Give me leave L To speak my mind."-- SsvatsPl aLU 16/6/82. GLEAN BOOTS. AT the present time of year the chances t of reaching one's office or employment in the metropolis with clean boots is almost an impossibility, even when one ' takes a cab or 'bus, for the streets are usually a couple of inches deep in t slushy mud which clings to the leather with undoubted pertinacity. To a t fastidious man or woman dirty boots \- are an abomination, and as a rule mer chants and shopkeepers are particular f about the personal appearance of those in their employ. To ladies, also, this sea of mud is very annoying, as it prevents them very frequently from enjoying a walk upon days that are ', fine overhead" but "beastly under foot." True, the municipalities send out their road-scrapers, but as they very rarely get the slush cleared away until late in the afternoon not much I benefit is derived by those whose busi ness compels them to traverse the streets in the earlier part of the day. What I would suggest is that the men be instructed to clean the thoroughfares before the traffic becomes brisk, or if that is impracticable, at least let the crossings be sweept in time to accom modate morning passengers. Local shopkeepers might also take a lesson from Mr. Kittson, a Simpson's-road tradesman, and clear away the mud from the portion of the street fronting their doors, so that intending customers might be able to cross the road with clean understandings. The hint is worth consideration. ADULTERATION. One half of the world doesn't know how the other half lives, and I'll guar antee that neither half can swear as to what they live upon in this age of un mitigated adulteration. What with refaced tea, very much mized coffee, watered milk, poisonous brandy, and decidedly inferior schnapps, to say nothing about the thousand and one other articles of food or clothing which are systematically and injuriously adul terated, the wonder is that one can live at all. Strenuous efforts are made now and then to bowl out a publican or tradesman in the act of selling such adulterated stuff as the genuine produc tion, but there is every reason to believe that the game goes on apace. What is a paltry fine inflicted occasionally upon some wealthy liquor dealer, when the extra profits he makes by the fraudu lent transaction enables him to put the money down with a smiling face. If people are punishable for vending adul terated or inferior . articles, let the punishment be a severe one, sueh a one that will carry terror into the hearts of all who deal unrighteously, so that if no other motive exists fear of detection will compel honesty in busi ness of all characters. The disclosures recently made in the police courts in connection with the fraudulent use of trade marks and labels must certainly have opened the eyes of many con sumers to the deceit practised upon them, but these are only solitary in stances of fraud, and I question whether there are half-a-dozen articles used in domestic life which are not doctored, reduced, or sized for the. purpose of adding wealth to the pro ducers. MONOTONOUS MUSIC. \- "'Music" wrote a philosopher, "hath charms to soothe the savage breast," and one cannot help admitting that music has a wonderful fascinating power. People will go half mad over the superb vocalisation of some operatic star, or brilliant executant on any in strument; Crowds will follow a band all round a city ; passers-by will throw coppers to a troop of ragged urchins with tin whistles; and compositors will swear at the blind hurdy-gurdy man who tunes melodiously (?) beneath the window ofa printing office. Knowing the passion of the human race for melody, circus and show proprietors always carry a band of more or less generally less-merit with them on their travels, and though dwellers in the vicinity of the spot whereon they camp may be. thoroughly enthusiastic on the matter of music, yet their senses weary and their appetite palls after the first night's location of the show. Youngsters want to keep outside to listen to the noise or persistently beg for coppers to0havejust one ride or-a half-time peep; babies are roused by the drum-thumping, and the good man of the house cannot devour the contepts of his daily paper in peace. And bad as all this may be, it has been left to a merry go-round man to introduce a new in strument of torture with which he has for the last few months been "doing" the suburbs. This fiend is the posses sor df a steam-engine which drives his machinery and at the same time turns the handle of a giant hurdy-gurdy, which may-be heard half-a-mile off, and as if this were not enough he invariably keeps the musical box set to one tune for a week at a stretch until the neighbor hood is almost frantic. However, as this is a free country, I suppose he imagines.he can do as he likes, though for my part I should like to see him indicted as a public nuisance. STILL MORE MUSIC. Speaking of the last matter calls to my mind an incident which occurred many years ago, but which is strictly true. A band of Blackfeet Indians, in America, surprised and slaughtered in cold blood a German pedlar who had ventured with his mule waggon into the depths of the forest to trade trinkets and gunpowder for skins and furs. Having scalped their victim and his assistant in the orthodoz fashion, they commenced to ransack his luggage and amongst other articles they found a small hand organ, such as is carried across the shoulders by means of a strap. Drinkowhieky, the .Blackfeet chief, who had, twosummcrs previously, while on a visit to one of the trading stations of the Hudson's Bay Company, seen one of these instruments in use at a store, appropriated the article for his own amusement, and immediately set a youth whom he had taken prisoner in a recent struggle with the Sioux to turn the tandle. This captive ground away week in week out, the never-varying tune of "Home, sweet home," until every brave, Equaw, and child in the tribe was thoroughly conversant with the melody. On an unlucky day the poor musician was seized with an attack of the ague, and another son of a noble chief pining in captivity was forced to undertake the drudgery. This second instrumentalist was a sharp, intelligent lad, over whose head only twelve or thirteen summers had passed, and as he turned the handle he medita ted deeply upon what might be the nature of the contents of the mysteri ous box. As days passed on this curi osity became an all-absorbing passion, till at length he ventured to turn a couple of screws, when to his dismay the organ frantically howled forth " St. Patrick's Day." Drinkowhisky, who was at that instance calmly discussing the chances of a fresh attack upon a white settlement, heard the strange sound, and becoming possessed of a fear that his beloved instrument bad been placed under a spell by the boy, sprang forward and with one terrific yell buried his tomahawk in the luck less victim's brains, and the force of the blow was so powerful that the organ was shivered into atoms by the half side of the poor fellow's head. What became of the noble savage, Drinkowhisky, history telleth not, but Indian legends say that be became insane and died in the depths of the forest, whither he fled upon hearing that his music was for ever silenced, and they also say that his ghost haunts the cities of the United States, and hovers round the itinerant musicians listening for " Home, sweet home." No wonder, then, that all such artists look melancholy and sad. LAWYERS AND MAGISTRATES. Referring to certain remarks reported to have been made by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen in the Legislative As sembly, on Tuesday evening, it may be stated that Mr. Alley was not "giving advice" but was laying down the law when he said, " If a constable tells a civilian, who is walking on one side of the street, to go and walk on the other side or on the middle of the street, the civilian is bound to obey." Neither was His Worship "giving advice," but on the contrary was laying down the law when, in the case of Davidson v Moore, he said, " It is not for a prisioner to challenge the legality of his arrest, it is his duty to go quietly with the constable." Advice is one thing, law is another, and everything should be done according to law. 