TURF NOTES. The general entries for the V.R.C. autumn meeting were made on Thursday, and are of a highly satisfactory character. The second forfeits for the Australian Cup and New-' market Handicap were also declared. There are 30 horses left in for the Jong race and 48 horses for (he shorter one. The remark .has been frequently made of late that there is too much racing in Victoria, and certainly the fact that the last three meetings of any importance-namely, the Victorian Club, the Geelong Racine Club, and the Victoria Amateur Turf Cluo-have been Baved from absolute loss by the money received from selling races, gives a strong support to the statement. When such an excellent afternoon's sport as was offered to the public at Caulfield on Saturday last was neglected for the less exciting amusements of the regatta and the Old English Fair we may fairly conclude that the many bad days the backets of horses have had this season are at last beginning to telL Atj the V.A.T.C, Meeting on Saturday a complaint was made to the secretary that a welsner was pursuing his nefarious avocation in the saddling paddock. The man was at once brought before the stewards, when it was shown that he was an old offender. He was promptly tamed off the course, Two or three other well-known welshers were en the ground, but as their victims, with mistaken leniency, did not complain to the secretary they were'not interfered with. A very fine selection of 200 horses was shipped by Mr. F. J. Krcrouse on board the Serapis on Saturday morning for the Indian market.. These horses have been selected from the best studs in the Gipps Land, Upper Murray, and Wee tern districts. Anybody With sporting proclivities and desirous of obtaining a racehorse should KruBe the fourth pape of The Australasian it week. In the list of horses for sale will be found the whole of the late Sir J. P. Bell's stud, and either breeders or racing men can be snited to a nicety by Messrs. Fen wick and Kellett, who. will dispose of the whole lot on Friday March 3. Then Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co make a wonderful show with tramerouB advertisements announcing the sale of horses. First amongst those to be disposed of by .auction are the Glenonniston yearlings, all of which, save one, are by King Cole. Thb exception is the colt by King of the King from Amethyst, * rarely-bred youngster that ahould be worth looking after. In tne loi by King Cole is a colt from Suwarrow's dam, and remembering what a wonder the handsome little grey was as a three year old, there shoftld be no difficulty in disposing of this youngster. Colts frbm Sea Kale, Queen of the Forest, Puzzle. Pearl Ash, Gonfalon. Micpah* and Charade are well enough bred for anything ; and those who, choose to follow results could have nothing 'better than the colt by King Cole trpnl. W^UIn^oftV dato Frou Trou. This roniWSif iSs.fuIl birother to The Duke. Among the fillies is one from Fenella, and the list also inbludis a sister to Queen, a filly that has fan jrtetti' well in Tasmania. On dif,: JMfassrs. Yuille and Co. will dispose oti number of horses, intruding Re«pite, Cl©olite(win»er of the Wagga Cap), Zambev, «pi!4>tfc«ra not so well known to fame; and after they have been disposed of Mr M. Loughlfn'e horseswill be submitted. On Friaar/ . M^ch 10, jiessm Yuille iriS Co. wijl Jpqld . a levie. ftt Bundoora-pairk, where tneywuLsnbmitCbfioUnus, his sister Pauli, «ndttlM^reaclings^tttat«ere not dis posed of in Jinnary. MQd as ihe lot includes a fine-looking' hitf . brother to Projfreaa, a half sistef CoriolanuS, , tion. On M( firm will Hotel. ?ofthe raoehorses motion some rWill be .ps#y Ixthat iend as should ''be5 "whoareW A. Selmanwitt ' Martyr from Qi Aveulr oomeenext wlttr includes a Eugenie, ?§&£ BpreeenteSP are Brideap^ b*a afed .or ^.«opa*,i n .and it balf sister; to should be eome competl ,March.lS,tbe Fsll'kno wn xetum. to the Pastoral will, be .disposed togs, «ud the Commotion - ana Pell MelL urOole.and Pnrnim fre the and Panic's sons.Com aro. bound to caiuse Ofl the same day the pro ve pf.them are by merman, Smuggler, from, good mares* They Msg after by tfajose Wng yearlings.1 tit. JautfiSl by Pioto m'SPiST&St; Ifp dozen; and ti^UiTlot (WtbyRapidity ttdjnan Capi aridthe impoi rfWr' ittAfihi king list vinore »Hbatf j&ett.; . ? Messrs. w I* J*- FS5e -hy Paad Mt^WwiFluSaell' a aimtla* berby Glorious. Ilw llr. James Peter son's follow, » «oIt t»r Proto-Marytr bom Chanpfegne and a filly by Proto-Maxytr from Gm Pflng unongtt them, and ti»ew grandly* bred youngsters should not be loat sight of by intending purchaser. , lit. Maidand won. a couple of races with, his Arab Tiger at the Calcutta meeting, fend , at Burdwan he rode and won with Bine BeUL j Warrego carried 9st. 81b., and won the Dnrbhinga Cup (Calcutta); Rebecca. 6sfc 111b., second; Blue Light, lOst 21b., third. The Sensation Handicap was won by Maid of All Work, 7st.; Blackthorn, ltot. 71b., second; and Tom Kirk, 9st 71b., third. According to this running Tom Kirk mast have deteriorated. Palmerston, ridden by Dignam, carried 12st. 41b,, and won the Calcutta Grand Steeplechase; Jack Tar, list. 2lb., ridden by Elliott, being second. Jack Tar, with 10at. 101b., had previously won the Cnowing tree Gap. At the Bard wan meeting Caspian canied'off the Burdwan Pane. Rebecca, with 7et, beat Caspian, with lOst., in the St. Leger, The Murrnmbidgee Tarf Clnb has issued a nice little programme for its autumn meeting, to be held on Wednesday and Thursday, March 22 and 23. The principal events are the St. Leger and Mares' Produce Stakes, which nave already closed, but there are other events, such as the Autumn Handicap of 60 sovs., Maiden Plate of 40 sovs., and Publicans' Purse of 40 BOVS., nominations for which will be received up to 4 p.m. on Wednesday, February 22. Artful Joe, who won three races in sue* cession the other day at Moama, and the Hurdle Race at Rochester, is a son of The Pearl, who was raced by Mr. John Tait some years ago. Ke has started 12 times, and won 11; he would have completed the dozen but for going the wrong side of a poBt Accord ing to the Riverine Herald, thiB horse was a few months ago running in a cab at Mooroopna, and was purchased cor £9. The present proprietor of the animal bought him for £20, since when he has been entered for a i dozen races, in all of which, aave one, he has proved victorious. Langulac turned out a profitable invest ment to her owner by winning the Shire Handicap at Melton on the following Monday, having been purchased in the Selling Race at Canlfield. In the Oakleigh Handicap at Caulfield last Saturday Mr. B. Coleman's agent, whoever be may be, must have been very lax as to racing roles, as, had he declared to win with Crystal, and such declaration been posted by order of the stewards, he could have won with the horse that he had backed. The Ararat Turf Club meeting passed off ?ery well last week. They had a capital at tendance, and the stewards were assiduous in their several capacities to make things a success. Dr. Williamson, who filled the position oi judge, and iB one that enjoys the sport, had the pleasure of declaring an animal of his own breeding the winner of the first race of the meeting. The club have in view making some improvements in their next season's programme and endeavouring to make it more palatable to horse-owners and racing men. To dispense with post-entry races would be a step the right way, and, as a substitute, either a Selling Handicap or a weight-for-age Selling Race, with|allowances. The Half-Mue Amateur Flat Race should be extended to three- quarters, as a horse from the paddock can compass the shorter dis tance. The Junior Stakes, on the second day of the meeting, does not appear to take well; a Tradesmen's Plate of six furlongs, for all Sea, might suit better, handicap to appear ier the first day's racing ; and to wind up the meeting with a Railway Plate of five fur longs, for all ages, weights to ,appear same as Tradesmen's Plate, a winner of any handi cap after to carry a penalty. The secretary of the V.A.T.C. informs us that the meeting held last Saturday, though falling at a time when there is such a plethora of racing, will leave a balance on the right side of the ledger. One or two of the junior members of the ring, on the first day of the Ararat meeting, were amusing themselves from the grand stand by spitting on the people as they passed to and fro from the weighing-room. They dia not cease from their disgusting behaviour until ordered to do so by one of the stewards. One can hardly believe that the Victorian Club contained members that would be guilty of such a filthy trick. Such conduct is most reprehensible. The Melton club held its meeting last Monday. There was not quite so much life instilled into the sport as formerly, probably owing to the paucity of entries, especially for the hurdle races, of which description of race one would be ample. A flat race, of five furlongs, for all ages, might answer instead, a handicap, with penalties for winners; The club were not happy in their day, coming so soon after Caulfield, and at the time of the Hobart meeting; after this V.R.C. autu«m meet Would be more adaptable for a day's racing, and as the. stte wards take" gr^at interest, in the dport, considerable improve ment another year may be relied on. At Caulfield on 'Saturday last Waterloo was parading about the paddock. This hone hasimproved a good dear since his ap pearance in the spring, and oow that he has had time to get habituated to our climate, 'he will in all probability repay his owner for his expenditure. The Tatmanian ittairsays:-"It having been intimated to Mr. James Gray, tbe owner of KingArthur. that bis recent purchase ap peared in the list of disqualified hones; of the V.R.C.,be hastromptly taken steps: to remoyethe disqualification." " A couple or American trotting stallions arrived In Sydney $n t|ie Uth in at, m charge of C. Hall,' by the s.s.' City of Sydney, from California., TheBe horses aretaeproperty of Mr. J. Roberts, of Brighton. One of them is said fohaTetttecord or am.ltfs. KTheBourke Jockey Clahhaveisstied the btoammeiot their ahnual race meeting, : to odd on the 24th and 25th Hay. The pan* cipal events of the meeting ate the Central. Australia^ Handicafr/tf 200 do vs., withja sweep of ,5 bo vs.; the B.J.C. Handioap.of 100 with a sweep of 50s. for starters: the Jiaiden Plate, Novel Handicap. Mfciden Hurdle Race, arid Town Plate, of SOjnvs.1 each. v.' "J :-'t i Th$ Sydney Turf Club have Usoed the programme for thelr :BUtitimti',tam^meeting, which is to be held onoApm)& Thifc^ents to be. contested eke a Mai Raoe, of 60 HancSiaT'O April JoSh'S;1 olds, the' foteveryfeSU £100, aW WsEwS^Bp^BI'the Atitt^nn ? HahMci^'ot 1007rtilw o miles aad dvfwrlwg; the April >, of 60 soviy six furlongethe 8takee,' «M0tf few; tSTm jfeat 525S trotten _ mittee «f sidered thi to the mi Victoria Trot from their secretary, statingthafc 'tW do not consider (bat twitting ihm oomemnder CbeneW ruletothe Bacing Tslmitt "* We an informed by Mr. 8.!Bakriitd. ft# secretary, that the amount ofa&Saaoney; tothe Adelaide Cup hasfren raised to 1,000 soys. There is no alteration in the condi tions. , There has been very little betting on the Australian Cap and Newmarket Handicap, with the exception of doubles; bat The Ghost has received some support for the Handicap, 100 to 5 having been taken to some amount. Messrs. Wm. C. Ynille and Co. report having sold the bay horse Valentine, & yrs, by Hawthornden. (imp.) from Mabel (imp,), to a Victorian facing man. Wellington mid The Czar, in company, were doing some, good brisk-pace work on Tuesday morning, and both horsea went freely. The amount of work the old Jiero has cone through stamps him one of the soundest horses ever bred in Australia. In addition to the yearlings advertised to be sold by Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. on March 7, which have already been -noticed in the columns of The Auatraiatian, the lisfr has been increased by three youngsters from the stud of Mr. W. I. Winter, of Noorilim, namely, a bay colt by Vasco di Gama from Oracle, a bay filly by Vasco di Gama from Satire, from Badinage (imported) by Musco- vite), and a bay colt by Vasco di Gama from Equality by The Marquis, from Egalité by Angler. For excellence of breeding it would be impossible to find anything in the colony superior to the last-named pair. The entries for the Kyneton race meeting closed on Wednesday evening with excellent fields in each event From the number and quality of the animals engaged there ia every prbspect of a successful meeting on thia popular Taeecotuae on St Patrick's Day. R. Howie arrived from Dowling Forest with Suwarrow, Koh-i-noor, Egerfam, and Bouquet on Tuesday last, and intends training hia horsea at Flemington for their V.R.C. autumn engagements. They were on the ground on Wednesday morning. I he work done on the training ground at Flemington will soon be very interesting. Hones engaged in the Newmarket Han4icap have been doing some sharp spins lately. A few days ago Eros, Viking, andScipio had a sharp ran over six furlongs, when the former showed hiB superiority. Mr. Fennetiy is expected to arrive at Flemington during next week with a string of five hones. From Adelaide J. Hill is expected to arrive in a fewdays with Pint Water and Totalisator, and he may add another one or two to his team. On Tuesday morning Darebin, accom panied by Baron von Mueller, did.a.good extended gallop on the ontar track for a round. The Derby winner went very well, though some of the onlookers were not favourable to the performance. M'Donald arrived a few days ago with) Mr. Mitchell's horses from Table-top. They are Mnllyan and Cambric,, and are located at the Newmarket HoteL Mr. Lang's string of racehorses, consisting of Pell MeU. Commotion, Pollio, and King of the Yale, left on Tuesday for Brighton, to be prepared for their V.R.C. autumn engage ments. It will be remembered these horses were trained at Brighton for the - Champion Meeting. They are located at Mr. A. F. Bradshaw's stables. *A great deal of sympathy is felt in sporting circles for the friends of the jockey Carey, who met with his death at Hobart when riding Echo in the Hurdle Race, and who always conducted himself in a creditable manner ; also for the jockeys who lost their lives at Marong. We hear the ground-was very rough at Marong and not in a fit state to race upon. The following handicaps, for decision at the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, will be poeted'on Monday next, 20th February, before 11 a.m. at the V.R.C. office, viz., Hurdle Race and Brunswick Stakes, to be run on the firat day ; Corinthian Cup, on the second; and the Steeplechase, on the last day. Foulsham, we believe, intends bringing his team of horses to Flemington at the com mencement of the week for their final polish for the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, The number of hones nominated for the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting is 106 in excess of last season, irrespective of the Aaootvale Stakes, Leger, or Produce Stakes. Mr. A. F. Bradshaw cautions owners and trainers against employing two boys of the nameB of P. Farreu. and J., Fiddea, they having left hwn without permission. Salvator has been added to the list of Bcr&tchings; for the Sydney Cup. The secretary of the Benalla Racing Club desires to notify that owners need have no apprehension of running hones these, as their meetings are approved of by the V.R.C., and the programme of 23rd and i4th* inat. will he published in the next issue of ,the Racing Calendar. 