WESTERN MAIL NEWS. THE Champion of Thursday, 17th instant, contains tho tallowing items :-' ' Since our last issue the weather has hecn beautifully fine, causing thc grass everywhere tb spring rapidly ; there is every likelihood or there being plenty of feed for the winter. Tile rain appears to have been cencr.il ; from Thargo mnidah our telegrams inform us of heavy floods, resulting in the destruction of 2000 sheep on one of the neighbouring stations, and wires from all tho district telegraph offices report copious showers succeeded by fine weather. All the cross-country mails were stuck up hy the floods, the residents on the hack track being without mails for three weeks. We were informed yesterday that carriage from tho terminus to Blackall is £1C per tou. Thc river caine down early on Sunday morning and covered the Chinese gardens, but as the waters had receded again towards afternoon very little damage was done. 8\. Nevile and Co., Stock and Station Agents, Blackall, report for week ending February 10 : 300 prime bullocks from Carella Station, Lower Thompson, for Brisbane market, Mr J. G. M'Donald in charge, are approach- ing. Stares passed during the week ; 1000 fruin Surat, thc property of Sir John O'shannassy, for his Mount Howitt Station, Cooper's Greek, Mr, Stanley in charge ; also, 1000 from New South Wales for Messrs. Hungerford and Sons, Mr. Maxwell in charge, will pass in a few days ; 500, the property of Mr. George Broad, Mr. Thompson in charge ; also 4000 from Tininkurra, Mr. M. Roberts in charge, The mails for Tambo, Isisford, Aramac, and other parts of thc district, which ought to have been scut out from Blackall last Friday, are «till reposing on the shelves of the post office ; the consequence is that our correspondence and papers for those places are delayed a week, and thc contractors obtain a holiday for that length of time. Wc think the post office people mi jit bc advised of the certain delay of fie Rockhampton mail by floods, and they could then send on tho ordinary country mails in «lue course. Some day there will bo a revolution, and thc postal officials will be hanged to the telegraph poles with red tape by an infuriated populace. yVe arc pleased to be enabled to-state that thc Burghfield dam, built on the overshot Erinciple in one ot the main channels of the areoo, has successfully resisted the heavy flood which has recently tested its durability and strength. Since last Wednesday the full force of the flood h >s been driven agaiust it ; On Sunday the river being twelve feet nbovc the cap of the overshot, and the stream pouring over it with great rapidity until yester- day. Notwithstanding this, the structure hae stood firm, not a stone or a piece of timber having been displaced. This we believe is tho first overshot dam which has been constructed on the Barcoo, and as an experiment it must be considered a great success. It proves to a demonstration that water may be stored in almost any quantity on this river provided the dams arc made sufficiently strong to resist thc wearing action of the floods. The pile driving, paddling, and stonework in this case were under constant supervision, and every Íportion of the work was carefully and lonestly performed. We hope to see roany moro of these useful and inexpensive reser- voirs constructed by the local governing bodies. Unfortunately, the fall in the river is so slight that in many places thc water if dammed in one channel is liablo to flow back at the top end into another channel, but this can be remedied by bili I din j a weir across the upper entrance to prevent the back flow ; and as thc floods rise considerably ab ive thc levels of the h ghost banks, there would be no fear of tho water being shut out from auy of the channels thus treated. El.AIKALI.. STOCK ITKMS.-We (Aramac Mail) learn that Mr. J. Jardine has sold his Lake Buchanan country, on thc old Mowen and Bowen Bowna road, to Messrs. Macartney and Mayne. There is an unusual amount of travelling slock in the neighbourhood, the whole ot which is at present nnable to move owing to the late rains. On the Clermont road there the 18.000 «heep fur Saltern Creek. On the Ulac-all road, two molía of c%ttle and a>mut 80 003 Bheep are at present camping < n Saltern Creek. One of the mobs of cattle, consisting of IO00 cows, I« longs to Mr. J. Jardine, and are destined f. r Aberfoyle, a new station he ie almut to f.iim ; the other (1600. Mr. Hutchinson in chai^-e), ia the property of Messrs. Macartney amd Mayne, and is destined for Lake i'uclianin. bi the 80.000 sheep saiil to he on Saltern Creek, 32.000 are for Nfaneroo. Mr Donaldson in charge, and 10,000 for the ni 'ghbourhood nf Hughenden. A mob of eevct ty-two homes, Mr. I. G. Coats io charge, pa-sod through early in thc week bound tor Charters Towws. Mr. Jardine's cows pissed Aramac «a the 18tb instant. 