NES OF THE BAY. Arabi Pasha and bis companions in exile sailed on Christmas day for Ceylon. Before quitting Cairo they were publicly degraded by the Khedive, being deprived of their mili- tary rank and stripped of the decorations which the favor of successive sovereigns had conferred upon them. ' The Balkan provinces seem likely to prove a constant sonrce of disquietude. Eastern Bomnelia is now demanding from Turkey a reduction in the amonnt of the tri bute which, since the treaty of Berlin, she lias beon paying to the Porte. The socialist agitation in Lyons is not yet altogether suppressed, and a series of fresh arrests have in consequence been made. , The. P. and O. Company's new steamship Ballarat arrived lost night at ten o'clock with the mails from Europe, India and China. In all they amount to 414 bags, distributed as follows : — 36 landed at Queenscliff, for Gee- long and the Western districts ; 152 for Mel bourne ; 63 for Sydney, despatched overland ; 20 for Queensland ; 39 for Tasmania, sent by the Bteamer Mangana last night ; 102 for New Zealand, to go to-day by the steamer Mana- pouri ; nnd 2 for the Naval squadron. On anchoring in tho Bay the mails for Melbourne, and Sydney wero quickly transferred to. the steam tender, and landed at Sandridge, and from thence were conveyed to tho General Post Olfice. 'Hits morning the vessel will be taken alongside tho Williaiustown Railway' Pier, where ono of the finest steamers ' which lias visited our port can he seen by those interested in marine architecture. We published a report in our issue of Satur day relative" to the nowly imported railway carriages recently fitted up at tlie Government, carriage shops at tho Willinmstown J unction. A contemporary has traversed our statements on behalf of the officials of the department, and denied the accuracy of nearly every alle- £kiou made in the report natnod. Sum marised in a sentence, our reporter stated that the material, design and "workmanship of tho carriages were bad, and that thero were two radical defects— viz., that the rigid wheel base was dangerously long, and that the carriages were so much too high that truck wheels had to be used on which to mount the carriages, instead of thoso sent out with the new vehicles. It is stated on be half of tlio officers of tlio department that although tho wheel base of the new carriages is unusually largo they will run safely. This does riot coincide, as already pointed out, with the department's own ruie and judgment. The faot about tho wlicel9 is not, denied. We have only to point out that the officers of the department on wbosp behalf the general denial is made are interested in mak ing it appear that our report was over- drawn and incorrect. Every allegation made in the report of The Aye on Saturday last ean bo fully proved item by item if a board is appointed, and as the matter is one of extreme importance, the Minister of Railways will neglect his duty if lie does m>t appoint a hoard of experts to investigate the whole question. - The intereoioniat cricket match between Victoria nnd New Sonth Wales was advanced a stage yesterday, and though at one time our con-ins over the border appeared to bavu matters pretty much their own way, the day's play closed with much better prospects for Victoria, 'and the game may now be said to bo tolerably open. When the stumps were dt£Wn ' ' 'bn Saturday nlglit last the , New South Wales eleven had lost one wicket for 70 runs, and yesterday the not ont men, Murdoch and Ban- nerman, resumed their innings. Both mec in creased their scores materially, and 136 tvai totalled beforo Murdoch was caught at thi : wickets, after making 7.1 in brilliant style! Bannerinan made 7S before he was run ont ; and after the departure of these two doughty batsmen several wickets fell without much ol nn addition to tlio score. Evans and Spolforth, however, came to the rescue,' and added ovet 50 ; so that with a small contribution from Cleeve, the last man, the innings closed for 247, or 99 in advance of the "Victorians, In their second innings the latter made a good commencement, as 60 rans were totalled be fore Blackliam, who played well for 27, lost his wicket, M'Donnell being 32 not out. The attendance during the day was large, and the weather all that could bo desired. The game will be resumed to-day, when tho Victorious have still 39 to get beforo they can commence on their own account,- but if the weather keeps good they will probably amass aBnfficicut total to make the finish an interesting one. There was a large attendance at the Vic toria Amatenr Turf Club's races held at Oaul- field yesterday afternoon. Tho weather was oxtroiuely favorable for racing, the programme was a very liberal ono in regard to the number of events, the fields for each raco were numerous, and tlio arrangements were gene rally perfect. For the principal event, the Christmas Handicap, a most exciting finish took place, resulting in a dead heat between Colstoun and Baron Von Mueller, tho former proving victorious in the riin off. Mr.E.W ieks's pair, Ghost and Kanokn, were first and second for the Selling Race. The Hurdle Raco fell to Lady Hampden and the Steeplechase to Bryan O'Lynn, both horses being piloted by Corrignn. TI10 Juvenilo Stakes were won by Duenna, and tho Two-year-old Selling Raco by Amelia Victoria. The meeting concluded with tho Malvern Handicap, which was im propriated by Squireen, Transferred, tue favorite, being second. The Harbor Trust Commissioners will meet to-day, at two p.m. The reports of the various committees aro on subjects of a routine charac ter. Tho commissioners will consider the adoption of a form of debenture submitted by the finance committee. Commissioner Perry will move : — " That in order to meet the - rapidly increasing demand for wharfage and pier accommodation, through the largely increasing number of ships frequenting the port, and holding in view the great length ol time necessary to provide sufficient accommo dation at the Melbourne wharves, it lias be come expedient to provide additional pier ac commodation in Hobson's Bay, nnd that the plan now laid upon tho table showing a pro posed new pier, to be run out between the Sand ridge railway and town piers, shall receive tho consideration of the commissioners." . The following cases of casualty were ad mitted at tho Melbourne Hospital yesterday:— Robert Gent, Boundary road, Hothnu, injury to ankle, sustained in a quarrel; Frederick Bulpin, Hoddle-etreet, shock to system and in juries to body, caused by being ran over in Bourke-etreet. It was reported to the detective police yes. terday that the Foundry Hotel, Moray-street, Emerald-litU, had been broken into on the pre vious night, and jewellery worth abont £40 stolen. The robbery is believed to havo been carried ont by an expert thief, who is confining . his attention to hotels, nnd it therefore be hoves publicans to be on their guard. Tho third and fourth of the Festival Exhibi tion concerts were held yesterday, with attend ances that will certainly not add to any great extent to the fund already guaranteed towards defraying the general expenses of the under- talring. Much larger audiences at both of tho concerts that are to be given to-day will, it is hoped, be present. To-day's programme for ' the last of tho Festival concerts embraces for the morning Beethoven's grand choral sym phony, the third act from Tannhauser, aud a specially composed orchestral and vocal march by Herr Vogfteh. In the evening Israel in J3gypt will be performed. Full details are an nounced elsewhere in our columns. The Zoological Society ore abont to add to their collections of birds and animals at the gardens by procuring specimens of the fauna of New Zealand, and as many varieties of Eng lish song birds as can be obtained in that colony. Mr. D. Le Souefj" director of tho society and Professor Strong, one of the coun cil, are on the point of proceeding to New Zealand with this object in view A meeting in connection with tlio Melbourne Hurl ing Club reserve is to be held at St. Patrick's Hail 00 Thursday evoniog. . ' 