, .' REVIEW- says" . lights and Shadows of Human Life a Series of, Pen Pictures sketched j> om Me lives of many DuUnguisfied Men and Women. By Daniel Wise, D.D. New York: Phillip and Hunt. Sydney: James and Coffee, 83, Elizabeth-street In his prefatory note the author says that his object in writing this book was " to amuse without injury to mind or heart, to impart right views on themes too frequently regarded as sensational, and to in ttruct while avoiding the dulness of Dr. Dryasdust.' Those who peruse the work carefully will, we think, come to only one conclusion as regards its attractiveness to a wide circle of readers, but all have some doubt as to whether the object aimed at has been wholly achieved. The author also says : 111 History is philosophy teaching by example.' Interpreted by this axiom, this book is a teacher of the philosophy of life. Nevertheless its philosophy is neither formulated in abstract propositions nor argued after the methods of the logician, but must be sought for in its facts." These facts consist of well-written essays on the lives of distinguished men and women, and are collated under the following heads, Happy lives and sunny horses. 2. Hornea without sunshine. 2. Lives made gloomy by superstition. .!. Lives spoiled by fanaticism. 5\. Life in modern mission fields. (J. Heroic and noble women. 7. An entertaining folio. While there is very little that is new in the book, so far as the personages written about are concerned, the story of their lives having been told time and again by different writers, as Dr. Wise has presented them to us in such guise, and has employed a style so vigorous, yet pure and flowing, that the reader will find it difficult to lay down the book before he has finished it. In the first part, the domestic lives of sixteen eminent persons are treated of showing how happy they were in the marital state, and the reasons which tended to pro face such remarkable illustrations of " two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one." Nothing is more attractive in the volume than the delicacy and grace with which these stones are told. In contradistinction to these, the second part contains 17 sketches of men and women whose homes were without sunshine ; who, from one cause or another found that wedded life was to them ft union of hands, but not of hearts. In the third part, the effect that superstition has had in making lives gloomy is descanted upon. Many of the most " trustworthy ghost stories on record are retold, and an endeavour is made to show that they had for their origin causes which can be traced to the fears, ignorance, or superstition of the people who were concerned in them, and that there was nothing whatever of the supernatural in them, " Lives spoiled by fanaticism" is one of the most interesting parts of the book, the 11 sketches of which it is composed being as striking as they are graphically and truth fully written. " Life in modern mission fields," illustrates the unselfishness and devotion of the true missionary, and shows the trials and privations he has to undergo in the performance of the work of converting the heathen. On the section of the book devoted to " Heroic and noble women," the reader will dwell with delight. Amongst the most attractive of the sketches here are those of Marie Antoinette" and the Empress Josephine," which are admirably drawn. The author's sympathies are plainly manifested with all that is noble and good in the lives of the illustrious women of whom he writes, and the result is that he has produced pictures as beautiful as they are interesting and instructive. An entertaining series of miscellaneous sketches concludes the volume, which is excellently printed in large type on toned paper. There is a large number of illustrations ; but with few exceptions these are inferior to what one would expect to see from the American engraver of to-day, in a book of such general excellence. There is also another defect, at least it will be so regarded by most English and Australian readers, and that is the style of spelling many of the words. For instance lustre is spelt "Juster," travelled with one "1," "plow " is given for plough, " Guelf " for Guelph, and so on. Altogether, however, " Lights and Shadows " will form a very acceptable addition to the home library, in 