z o o 3l. o <3- "st Of Birds and Animals omitted from Histories in common use. No. 27. [?] (Squeakumwrigglumtoturus). This creature is in form very like the violin, and the mention of that instrument reminds us that if our neighbour does not quench his hankering after the lyric muse we shall have to kill him ! Night after night is this misguided man up and scraping out unearthly sounds, — to which the eXDil'ine wail of a Rt,np,k rfiff is as snmo fnirv melody gently wafted at eve o'er the moonlit translucent wave. Indeed, the only cessation from music ! (great Jehoshaphat's aunt ! music ! .') is when he is ' laid up ; ' then the fiddle is laid down — this , is not intended humourously — we're in no mood for mirth. The other day he passed, we asked him ' how he did ' — we referred to his health — we well knew how he did in one sense — with a wretched lot of horsehair rasping across the strings. He said, ' Never better in my life,' — that meant seven hours' mortal agony for us that evening. Thinking to avert the misery, we said, ' Won't you drop in after tea and have a hand at crib ?' He said, ' Only too happy, and I'll tell you what, — you're musical people ! — I'll bring in the fiddle and give you a tune ! ' (ghost of Gulliver ! — our heart sank within us). He came — oh ! that time may efface the hideous thoughts that forced themselves upon our troubled spirit ! What he tried to play will for ever remain a mystery ! First we thought it was from ' Pinafore ;' then (from an accidental sort of occasional note) the old ' Battle of Prague ' suggested itself ; then it seemed as if something had come unglued, when suddenly there was a loud snap ! and the music (?) came to an end. Congratulating ourself, we murmured, 1 What a pity,' ' how annoying ! ' He said, ' I can play without that string ; 'n fact I seldom use it much — I'll give you a better piece. ' Presently we said, in desperation, ' Didn't he think he was a bit flat in the "consecutive fifth" where it caught the "fugue " in the left-hand corner of the lower cleff ?' He said he ' didn't quite follow us, but perhaps we alluded to the G string — the wire was coming loose — he'd take it off altogether — he could manage on koo, he'd " give us a little thing" he'd got from Willhelmkgqj ' (or some such name). He'd just commenced when there was a terrific crash and snap, and our eat, which had been sitting quietly hitherto gazing fixedly at the performer, jumped clean through the plate-glass window, and took a severe fit in among the ferns and flowerpots on the verandah — he said, ' That's the bridge and the third string, now I'll show you how Paganini used to do.' We remember his starting— then furniture, human hair, lamp glasses, and gore flew about in all direc tions. As his wail went floating on the evening air (this is almost as wonderful as Jonah's little adventure !) we saw him to the door — fate kept us from homicide — but if he fiddle1 to- night — hush ! A very rude proceeding— Taking Time by the forelock. Making the Devil aid the Church — Obtaining money for religious purposes by lotteries and gambling. 