HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, Jtoy 19. !- PETITION PRESENTED. By Mr. FURNER from the chairman of a meeting «held in Adelaide, to protest against a motion by Mr. Symon for the abolition of oaths in courts of justice. INCREASE OF THE POLICE FORCE. Mr. TOMKINSON asked whether the Go vernment proposed making any additions to the police force. — The CHIEF SECRE TARY stated that the Commissioner of Police had recommended an increase both in the mounted and foot police, and had asked permission to at once enrol a part of the pro posed addition. The Government had notified their approval of the proposed course, trust ing that the House would agree to it. FREE RAILWAY PASSES TO VOLUNTEERS. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in answer to Mr. Bagstbe, said all members of the Volun teer Military Force travelled free by railway when in uniform. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Two weeks' leave of absence was, on the motion of Mr. WARD, granted to Mr. Eounsevellon the ground of urgent privat affairs ; and, on the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY, a week's leave was granted to Mr. Johnson on account of illne33, COMPLETION OF MILITARY-ROAD. Mr. BOWER moved for a report and esti mate of the cost of completing the Military road from the Semaphore to Glenelg, and also of the cost of a road direct from Adelaide to intersect the same in accordance with military authorities. He said that had he been aware that the Government intended to bring in a Bill to increase the military force he would have moved to have a sum placed on the Estimates for the completion of the Military-road. By all military authorities it was admitted that to enable troops to get at an enemy a good road should be provided, and he was sure that if an enemy landed between Glenelg and the present battery it was quite possible that the enemy would be able to come up to the city before there would be any means of checking his progress. Under these circumstances it was most important that the Military-road should be completed. The road should be as near to j the beach as possible, so as to enable our troops to get close to the enemy's place of landing, and it would be available not only for the use of infantry, but for that of artil lery and cavalry. It might be suggested that the troops could be sent down by rail, but that means of transit would not do for artil lery and cavalry. There should accordingly be a direct road from Adelaide to intersect the Military-road from the Semaphore t to : Glenelg, and no doubt the latter road would also have to be con tinued to the new north fort. — Mr. BUCKNALL supported the motion, mentioning that as Mayor of Hindmarsh he had introduced to the Government an influen tial deputation in favor of the construction of such a road as that suggested, which would be useful both for military purposes and as a means of access to the beach for Dsrsons desirous of taking pleasure trips. The fort on the sandhills, he submitted, would be quite unprotected unless better means were pro vided for meeting an enemy who might land on the beach. Major Lovely had said that with a hundred men he could take the fort, and as a platform-battery had been since erected it was evident that the authorities agreed with the opinion thu3 expressed. If the fort could be taken by an enemy it would be worse than useless, as the smaller guns could be turned round and used against tne Port.— The CHIEF SECRETARY said the Government had no objection to the motion. The hon. member for West Torrens seemed to be alarmed at the position of Fort Glanville, but he-took a rather too unfavorable view of the matter. So far as platform provision was concerned, it was being made at several points along the coast in accordance with the suggestion made to the Government by the colonel-commandant about twelve months ago. The Government then gave instructions for the construction of these platforms to as great an extent as the money available for the nurpose would allow, and they also directed tne erection of a bridge across the Pat&wa-; longa Creek to allow of the crossing of troops to Glenelg, and the repair of the worst parts of the military road. There was no doubt that the road was still in a bad state, and the Government would be glad if the estimate of cost to be obtained was found such as to justify the carrying out of the work sug gestedl (Hear, hear.) — The motion was carried. ACCLMAITISATIONAND ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY'S GARDENS. Mr. BASEDOW moved for the production of copies of all correspondence between the board of governors of tne Botanical Gardens and the council of management of the Accli matisation and Zoological Society, in refer ence to setting apart a piece of hind of about thirteen acres, now forming part of the botanical park, for the use of the Acclimati sation and Zoological Society for zoological purposes only; also copies of minutes of the board of governors of the botanical gar den, and copies of all other documents and plans relating to the matter in question, and obtainable by the Government. He said his object in calling for these plans and docu ments was to give the House the opportunity of forming a proper opinion as to the merits of Mr. Rounsevell's motion in favor of setting aside a piece of land for the use of the society. Carried. ABOLITION OF OATHS. Mr. PLAYFORD for Mr. Symon moved — 'That the last-named hon. member have leave to introduce a Bill for the abolition of the administration of oaths in judicial pro ceedings and to make other provision in lieu thereof.' He explained that Mr. Syinon had decided to withdraw his original motion and to move for leave to bring in a Bill so that the House might be able to see what provision he proposed to make in lieu of the adminis tration of oaths, and thus be in a position to form a better opinion on the subject. (Hear, hear.)— The Hon J. CARR seconded the motion.— The ATTORNEY- GENERAL said the Government offered no opposition to the motion, it being understood that the ques tion would be considered when the second reading of the Bill came on. The Govern ment in no way pledged themselves to support it. Carried. THE CONSERVATION OF WATER. Mr. TOMKINSON, in resuming the debate on Mr. Bosworth's motion respecting a scheme for the conservation of water, said he generally concurred with the views of the mover. It was evident, however, that unless we had men talented enough to carry out a scheme of such great magnitude as this con servation of water, the large amount of money which had been voted for the purpose, would be squandered. He |was glad that the motion had been brought forward, because it would give ah opportunity to the Commissioner of Crown Lands to state the policy of the Go vernment on this very important matter. (Hear, hear.) The COMMISSIOTJER of CROWN LANDS said the Government were much indebted to Mr. Bosworth for his practical remarks upon what was perhaps the most im portant question to be brought under the notice of hon. members this session. There was no doubt that the prosperity of the colony largely depended on the way in which the conservation of water was carried out. The Government scheme was not yet fully matured, as they had yet to receive further inf ormationf rom their officers, but he thought he could convince hon. members that the sub. 3ect had been by no means been overlooked. (Hear, hear.) The Surveyor-General, at his request, had prepared a brief re port respecting his recent, visit to America and the machinery he had pur chased there. The report wa3 as follow*:— 'I have the honor to report that the ma chinery ordered by me in England, and also the pipes and plant from America, may shortly be expected to arrive in Adelaide, when operations for obtaining water by well sinking, and its conservation by means of. dams and reservoirs will be commenced with out delay. In Amarica I ordered about 4,09.1 feet of the best piping and other appliaaoea, specially prepared 'under patent' for deep wells, for the construction of which I secured the services of Mr. WaddelJ, one of the most experienced artesian well -sinkers in America, who comes with his own plant prepared to work under the Government or by contract, as may most readily and economically effiout the object in view. The plant is of ths least complex nature to obtain this re suit. It is stronger and requires fewer contingencies than other systems seen by me, and the result is more satisfactory. ' The machinery referred to in the report vra-j simple in construction, and ia some cases where the ground was at all fair as much tu* 70 and 80 feet a day we gone through, so that it promised to be a valuable aid to oar present appliances for boring for water. The Sar veyor-General went on to say—' The steam machinery ordered, after repeated trials aasl few necessary alterations, from Fowler aa-i Co., of Leeds, comprises the following — Sit complete sets of steam scoop machinery, in cluding twelve large traction engines with winding apparatus, &c;, complete ; six lar»e cultivators for breaking up ground to a deptb of 15 inches ; six large scoop3 capable of moving about two yards of earth at a time ; one drain cutter caDable of cutting a ditch 2 feet 6 inches deep,*12 inches wide at bottom and 2 feet wide at top ; six traction engines and tanks complete for the haulage of feat and water : twenty-four chain pumps with pipes, &c;, complete, and duplicates of por tions of all the machinery likely to damage or wear, and that cannot be readily obtained in the province.' These steam scoop3 arc likely to be of great value to the colony. He had seen the work accomplished by the scoops on Sir Thomas Eider's run at Paratoo, and while they could be worked at from 4|d. to 5d. an hour, the great reservoirs they made showed how valuable they were. One of ths reservoirs at Paratoo was more like a lake than anything else. It was 120 yards square and 20 feet deep, and wa» computed to contain two or three years' supply of water. He had aha be able, while visiting Paratoo, to see the great use of the traction engines. The Sur veyor-General further said, 'The purchase* made by me were confined to articles that could not at the present time be readily pro cured in the province.' He might 3ay that the Government intended, wherever it wa» possible, to purchase colonial made machinery and he was assured that boring machinery could be bought in the colonies, if not maoh cheaper, at least as cheap as elsewhero. Ia his report the Surveyor-General went on :— ' On arrival of the machinery I propose com mencing wortc at once, the intention being to . confine operations to opening roads from the settled districts where water in abundant, towards the interior where water is scarce and difficult to obtain, and where it is neoes sary it should be provided in order to fasiti tate the development of the country hy the pastoral tenants, and to render t.ho n-m«vt] #.f stock safe during dry seasons, when they oaa no longer find sustenance from deficieat «-ra*3 and herbage. In carrying out operations it is intended to proceed systematically and cir cumspectly, obtaining water by conservatioa or boring in the first instance within a work able custance not exceeding twenty miles irom a reliable supply on the commencement of the several routes, and by no mentis t» extend operations indiscriminately, bat to actually secure a sufficient water supply stage by stage until the whole work has been com pleted. In places where the holding-ground and catchment area are good large surface reservoirs will invariably be made, and eaoh reservoir fitted with pumps, troughs for sheep, circular troughs of special design, a shallow dej-th of water occupying central space and giving the appearance of a pond for cattle stages for filling tanks, &c.; The reservoirs to have catchments, pits for filtration and cleaning, overflows, &c;, properly fenced, and to be nnier the control of a caretaker, who^e duties vri& be to keep the troughs filled and to collect the sums charged by the Government, and to keej the appliances in proper repair.' Of course ia order to extend tbe operations here spoken of a supply of water would be necessitated, and in opening np reservoirs on. the Paratoo lun the menaftera thunderstorm were sent out about 12 miles to sink a reser voir, and when that was full, this perhaps beuig m a few years, the operations were ex tended and the scoop3 were then sent sot. The Government having more machinery available might 1/s able to extend the work more rapidly. Further on the Surveyor General said :— *c Where the strata is suitable for artesian wells th^r will be obtained fitted with the necessary renuisites and placed under proper care. The same remark applies to deep wells, and where water cannot as a rofe be obtained to enable boring operations to b« carried on, advantage will be taken of favor able opportunities to construct small reser voirs or dams for the collection of a sufficient quantity for the use of the Men employed. As regards the routes. I propose to commence on the lines already indicated, foe first wells or reservoirs being within workable distance from those already known to be permanent - the sites for the second series upon the same routes being fixed after careful examination, whilst the first series are being constructed. ' The deputy surveyor-general hai already inspected three of the travelling routes, and after his return a small lightly-eq uipp*d party had been despatched with camels and hand boring appliances to the Musgrave Isanges route, which was one of the most dificulfc pieces of country to be met with. If «&u; however were bridged over the route mkhfc be used until larger and more efficient worts had been carried out. The party was now afc or near tne scene or operations. The Govern ment had also made arrangements for seme wells to be sunk on the route to the Moaat Browne diggings. Tenders had been called for the sinking of wells and the construction of reservoirs, but the estimates of the cost were nearly twice as much as those of the officers of the Government, and no decisi« had yet been arrived at. He had also'asked the Surveyor-General to prepare a report showing what had been done in the matter. The Surveyor-General said :— ' Since mylut report on the subject of travelling routes, the following works have been completed or are now in progress :— Condambo-road nortk :*«!* ?f,Po£fc Augusta.— Tank. 68,000 gallon*, Philhp's Pound £615; 63,000 gallons, Lake Wind,about,£610;6S,000 gallons^Ashton HiS £620. Barrier route — Thackaringa surface reservoir £1000 ; do. Mingary £1000. Eack reservoir to hold over 1| million gallons, aa* these in addition to a smaller reservoir pre viously sunk by Halliday of about, half the above capacity. Clayton and Diamantina— Well in progress ; bore down 521 feet, water brackish but a good supply, artesian bors being deepened and tested.' He had tasted some of this water, and although it was brackish it was good stock water. The Sur veyor-General thought it necessary to further test the country, and judging by the result* of sinking just across our border, as reported in a New South Wales paper, we had good reason to expect that by sinking deeper we would tap an underground supply of water. The Surveyor- General also said:— 'Tenders have been called for six trial well* on this route (Clayton and Diamantina), but were too high for acceptance. MuagraTe Ranges Route. — Two parties have been seat out to sink trial wells, and tenders have bee* called for opening the route to Mount Browne diggings, but they have not yet been con sidered. They are, however, double the department estimate. The total expenditure already incurred since 1859 in opening up various roads and travelling routes is S2L678 12s. 3d. The details will shortly be prepare*, and will be embodied in a report from me upon the subject. There is also in additioa to the above £234 93. 9d. expended in sinkii£ a well upon the road from Wellington to Border Town at the spot known ?as the Hawk'BKcBt ^eroadisnsedoccasionallyby tovellingstock,but mostly fortrafticby team* **ewell is within a hundred (CooSUiongJ.' With reference to what had been doneia the hundreds during the past year, he would aiy that out of the vote of £25,000 the work* done and those in-progress had cost £19 4QB The sinking of wells, the construction «f dams, tanks, and reservoirs, and the con ducting of bonng operations, had been carried on at 42 places, although of course the work included, some repairs which had been doae. The following waa a list of these works — Wells, dams, tanks, reservoirs, and borins apparatus, and repairs to wells, dams, tcT nave been completed in the following locali ties :— Wonna, King. Kalkabury, Camera*. Boothby, Barunga, Freeling, Kariina, yfal laroo, Coonatto, Mongolata, Erskine, Butta muck, Bower, Nackara, Bundey, Bendleby Clinton, Mundoora, Yalpara, Telowie. Peela weela, Hawker, Wirrandee, Coglin, Hawk's Best, Maitland, Point Pearce, Whitwarta Tipara Springs, Tiddi Widdie, Pine Point! Moonta, Launcelot, Eurelia, Keilli, Point Pass, Bumbunga, Koolywurtie Yongala, Terowie, Snowtown. Works hav« been proposed and partly arranged for is the following places :— Tiparra, Kilkerran, Wonna, Buttamuck, East Moonta, Wallaroo Tickera, Wiltunga, Cavenagh, Willowie! Nackara, Blytfi, and Port Broughton! Works done and contemplated as above will coBt £19,400.' Respecting a supply of water for Wallaroo he said three schemes had been propounded, one being to take the water from Skilligolee Creek, another to taka it from the Burnt, and another to take the water from Crystal Brook. He thought the Skilligolee Creek scheme would be too expen sive, as the water would have to be carried to a considerable height for a long distance. He was glad to be able to say that the baring operations at Snowtown had been most suc cessful, and that the water had risen very considerably. In so important a matter as water conservation it was necessary that the Government should proceed very cautiously : and although the Government agreed ?with some cf the principles of the motion they : asked that the motion might, considering all the circumstancr-s of the case, be withdrawn. (Hear, hew.) Mr. PLAYFORD also suggested that the motion should be withdrawn. The whole question would have to be very carefully con sidered, or tbey would find that they were faxing the many for the benefit of the few. In Victoria the shire cotmcils undertook the various schemes of -water conservation and in ordtr to carry out these schemes tbey bor rowed money' from tbe Government. JSow as these councils had to guarantee the -3o%-ernn:ciit a fair rate of interest go. the iBon«-y so borrowed, it would be seen tliat they would uaturaJly be very careful to see that tbe works were projjerly carried out, and that the people paid a fair amount for the ad vantages they enjoyed by means of the work*'. So far as the supply of water to townships like Wallaroo was coiuernedj he said when the supply was given it was the duty Gf the Government to see that the -people paid the interest on the money ex pended and kept the waterworks in repair. -Cbe«TS.) The principle to be adopted was -that the conservation of water on the travel ling slock routes for the benefit of teamsters and other travellers should be carried out at the expense of the country, but in tovraahips su;d villages the residents shouid be made to pay something for the advantages accruing from a, gx»od supply of water, while at the same time they should have a right to say ?whether they desired such a supply. (Hear, Bear.) Be noticed that Mr. Bosworth had said nothing in bis motion as to the provision of the money for the various schemes he sug gested, ard this was a most important point. Ee thought that by adopting the principle in vogue in Hie other colonies, and lending the luoncy to the local authorities to carry out the waterworks, lie works would be more cheaply and perhaps more carefully carried ?ut. {Eear, hear.) Mr. SOWS considered this question could not be tcu often discussed by the House on account cf its immense importance to the ?country, lie did not think that the pastoral lessees' would object to a small tax on. their stock travelling to market, and this tax wight easily Ita collected by the officer in charge of the particular route. In the matter : «£ providing water for our Crown binds, the , question of revenue did not come on for con sideration, because when the land was sold ; the colony would reap the advantages of the '- iinproven-ents effected. In hundreds the ] -Sovernmcnt wes-a willing to supply water so ; long as a sufficient number of substantial i men entered into a guarantee to pay tha in- ' teresi op. tbe works carried out. He thought H it would be a mistake to throw the works upon the local authorities, as it could bs more cfficieutJy and more cheaply carried out by the officers of the Government. In some Tillages and towns it might not be well to saddle the people with the whole of the cost ?of the water supply, because the water might have been in the first place absolutely neces sary to keep our public works— such as our railway egainea — going. Mr. FUItNER pointed out that the people en the Peninsula actually paid 50 per cent. *nd even 75 per cent, more for their water than the people in Adelaide and the suburbs. He agreed that in the matter of water con servation lliat the district councils and cor porations should be consulted more than they had been in the past, as serious mistakes -which had been made might be prevented. He agreed, also, that if the money on these works were expended by the local authorities ItWbouM be money borrowedfro rathe Govern ment, and a fair rate of interest should be guaranteed to the Government, and if this principle were carried out the idea of 'Mr. Bosworth might be a very good one, Mv. HEIGHT thought, after the statement «£ tbe Commissioner of Crown Lands that the Government intended to introduce a Bill providing for an extensive scheme of water conservation, that the motion had better be ?writbdiawu. Mr. LANDSEER considered Mr. Bos worth had done good service by calling at tention to this subject, tbe importance of which could net be over-estimated, but as the Government were sincere in their endeavors to carry out a suitable scheme of water con servation lie suggested that the motion should fce vrithdrirwn. ? Mr. BOSWORTH, in reply, expressed his pleasure at the statement made by the Com missioner, because it had shown him that auore bad been done in the matter of water conservation than he had expected. He took exception to what he called the unfair re marks of Sir. Playford as to an omission of Ms to siate in the motion how the money for -this scheme was to be provided, because in bis (Mr. Bcs worth's) speech he had stated that tbe Government by a system of rating would j-eceive a revenue from the works. The motion was withdrawn. ACCUSED PERSONS OATH BILL. This Bill was read a third time and passed. . AUDIT BILL. Mr. COOKE resumed the debate on the second reading of this Bill, and having dealt -withtheactionof the finance commission -with -respect to the loan and hind funds, said the present measure was one of great importance, Inasmuch as by the appointment of the audit commissioners the position of the Ministry with regard to financial matters was to a con siderable extent affected, as the conduct of the audit office was placed more under the control of Parliament and less under that of the Government. He also pointed out tbat'if the Bill were carried the old ghost of 'unex- pended balances' would be effectually laid, the measure providing that the expenditure of money voted for any particular year should he expended in that year, and unexpended lialauces would then have to be brought for ward ii. the next year's estimates. Another important alteration was that the. books instead of being kept by the audit office shouM he regarded as in the care of the Treasury. The commissioners of audit would only Irresponsible for seeing that the books were kept on a proper system. As regards ?the imprest system, there was no re lerence made to it in the Bill, and wisely s.0, as the measure would provide for any system that might be adopted in this particular respect Provision was also made for tfce auditing of corporation and district council accounts without it being stated posi tively that they should be audited. The GoveixmeEt, he thought, should subject municipal accounts to an audit in order to see whether they were kept upon a proper plan, and whether the Government subsidies were properly expended. He did not, how ever, favor an interference with the accounts of municipal bodies in any other way. He ?would like it to be hud down more clearly in the Bill that the commissioners had full power in their own department. This was provided by implication in the Bill, but it should be not only implied but clearly stated that it-was the duty of the commissioners to ex ercise full control over the affairs of their own department. Accordingly he desired to intro duce a new provision to make it binding on the commissioners to so watch the keeping of accounts as to ensure their being kept in a proper manner, and also to give them power to issue orders and frame regulations for the guidance of their officers. He further pro posed to amend the second clause so as to Airing it more into harmony with the English practice as to the responsibility of the audit office to Parliament. Mr. BRIGHT supported the second reed ing cf tiie Bill, but agreed with the amend ment of clause 2 suggested by Mr. Gooke, and considered an alteration of clause 33 necessary so as to require the audit commis sioners to. audit whenever necessary the accounts of district councils and corpora tions upon their own responsibility instead of ?their' doing so merely when required by the Governor. . j Mr. PLAFFQBJJ supported the Bill. He would, however, oppose the attempt to have the1 accounts o£ municipal bodies audited, because he believed that if any corporation deiibejately set to,work to cheat the Govern juent, ihe accounts could be so kept that no mere audit would be sufficient to expose the fraud. Jn proof of this be mentioned that when in, office as Commissioner of Crown 3-iands hit. strongly suspected a particular municipal body of cheating the Government, hut no irregularities were discovered in the accounts, after they Jiad been examined most carefully by two of the smartest officers in -the audit office. It was only when a surveyor ?was sent to value the work which had }-eeu done that it was clear that the Govern ment had not^jbeen. fairly dealt with. Tie suggested the appointment of travelling inspectors under the. audit commissioners, to visit post-offices, railway stations, and local ceurts, at times whenihey were not expected, to examine the accounts kept by the officers, and see whether they were kept, in a regular and proper manner. -. ' ' - The TREASURER, in replying, defended the provisions of Clause 2 as to the manner in which the audit commissioners were made responsible to Parliament, and pointed out that they were based on the 'Victorian prac tice. He considered that fall power had been given in tbe Bill to the audit commissioners, find thought that the criticisms of Mr. Cooko in this respect were somewhat hypercritical. If that lion, member wished the commissionsn to have power to make regulations for the officers of their own department with out regard to the Ministry, lie thought the lion, member was asking for too much. He understood that MrTliright wished to snake it compulsory that the commissioner* should audit the accounts of municipal bodies, but that opened np a large question which had frequently been brought under th« -attention of the House, and it would 'hare to he very carefully considered before it wan The .second reading of the Bill was carried, and Qie. measure was then taken into com. saiUee. The proviso to olaase 12, as to tfee including of lapsed votes in Che Appropriation Bill, was altered by striking out the words 'Appropriation Bill' and inserting 'the estimates cf expenditure.' Glauses 16, 20, and 34 were also slightly amended. Cause 35. Commissioners to audit accounts of corporations or other bodies receiving ; Government aid ' when required so to do by : the Governor.'— Mr. BRIGHT proposed to strike out the words included within quota- } tion-marks, his object being to throw on the audit commissioners the responsibility of auditing the accounts of these bodies when ever necessary ; but as it was pointed out that the effect of the suggested alteration would be to absolutely require the commissioners to audit all corporation sud district council accounts the amendment was not pressed. Tbe word ' Governo'r' was, at the suggestion of Mr. PLAYFORD, struck out, and the words ' Chief Secretary' were inserted in lieu thereof. — The clause as amended was agreed to. The House resnmed, the Bill was reported, and the consideration of the report was fixed for the folicwiEa: day. CO2JSTITUTIOIT AMESTDMEXT BILL. The ATTOSSEY-GEN SEAL, in moving the second reading of this Bill, referred to the fact that although many, select committees i and royal commissions had been appointed to j consider the question of the representation of I the electors of the colony in the House of I Assembly, matters had remained in pretty much the same state for the last twe've or tliij-ieen years. During the recess another royal commission had been appointed, and ss the result of theirldeliberatioris the present measure was now before the House. Mr. Playfcrd, as a member of that commission, had entered Ms protest against the report, on the ground that cases in which districts were over-reprewted had not been dealt with, but he would remind that hon. member that he was a member of the commission which 'met in 1879,, and agreed that popula tion was not alone a fair basis of representa tion. (Hear, hear.) The last commission had no doubt considered this point, a'nd had also agreed that it would be better to intro duce a Bill which would be likely to meet with general approval than one which might create so much dissatisfaction that it would cot be carried into law. At the present time there were 22 districts returning 46 members, seme returning three members and others two, while one district had one member. The commission bad thought that each district should return two members, and thef Bill consequently provided for 26 districts, which would return two members each. It had been felt that Flinders, with 7,002 electors, the Burra, with 6,023 electors, and Wallaroo, with 5,402 electors, were insufficiently re presented : and following the general : principle that no district should return only one member, North Adelaide was also insufficiently represented. It was not considered expedient to make any alterations in the old established districts, one of the reasons being, so far as the southern districts were concerned, that population generally was too unstable to deprive them'of their pre sent representation. Now, although Iforth Adelaide was a city district, it was considered necessary, owing to the comparatively small number of electors on the roll, to add to the district Prospect and Walkerville, so that the electoral roll might be brought up to a pro per number. Wallaroo not being adequately represented it had been determined to divide it into two districts, each returning two mem bers, the principle on which the commission had proceeded being to place the mining townships in one district and the agri cultural parts of the district in another. In Port Adelaide the voting strength was 3,909, and Woodville would be removed from that district and placed in the district of West Torrens, while a portion of the {district of Yatala would be token out of the Port Adelaide district and placed in that of West Torrens. East Torrens would lose Walker* vDle with 319 electors, 'but would even then have 4,885 electors on the roll. In the district of Light very little alteration would be made, but the district would be deprived of one of its present members. (Mr. Playford— ' Which one,' and laughter.) Oh ! none of j the present members. (Laughter.) The Go t vernment could not take the responsibility of j deciding such a delicate question. (Laughter.) ? With the alterations the district would still be left with 2,772 voters on the rolL He had I already referred to the [contemplated altera I tions in the'district of Wallaroo ; and coming ! to the Burra which had a voting strength [ cf 6,023, a portion of that district would go I to form the new district of Gladstone, but I 3,325 electors would still be left. A portion of the district of Stanley would also be added to the district of Glads tone, and Stanley would then have 2,469 electors. The sew districts of Gladstone, Frome, and Newcastle would have 2,542, 3,752, and 3,568 electors respec tively. In Flinders out of which the two district? of Frome and Newcastle would foe substantially carved, there would be left a voting population of 2,810. Most hon. mem bers were vitally interested in this Bill, and he hoped that ihe measure which was only dealing out substantial justice to several dis tricts in the north which were at present under- represented would speedily pass into law. (Hear, hear.)— Mr. FDRNER had fought very strongly as a member of the electoral districts commission for the divi sion of Wallaroo into three districts, each returning two members. The new alterations were being made ' in the interests of the farmers, and although the mining interest was one of the most import ant in the colony it would be left with only two representatives. What should be done was to take the southern portion of the Yorkes Peninsula and make that a portion of the district of Flinders, because the interests of the settlers in both localities were the same. Then he would draw a line between the towns of Moonta and Wallaroo and make two further districts, dividing Moonta from Wal laroo and Kadina, because there was naturally some amount of rivalry between the towns. So far as the report generally was concerned he must say that he agreed with it. He had sympathised to a considerable extent with the protest of Mr. Playf ord, but had con sidered it might be best before dealing with over-represented districts to mete out justice to those districts which at present were not sufficiently represented. (Hear, hear.) — On the motion of Sir. GILBERT the debate was adjourned until the following day. \ At the examination of candidates for ap pointment as cadets in the Civil Service, held on Julyl3 and 14, Edgar J. Bradley and Albert W. Grant are reported by the board of examiners to have passed. There were j seven candidates. j ' It will be interesting to our readers to \ know,' writes the Methodist Journal, of ! July 14, ' that there is some talk of making j important additions to the church at Pirie street. For some time past the erection of large buildings in the immediate neighbor hoodhas had the effect of hiding the church from the view of passers-by in King William street; and the general character of recent j city architecture has so improved as to form i a striking contrast between the old and new buildings, and to induce the owners of pro perty in many cases to supersede the old by new and more beautiful structures. In ac cordance with the general tendency, some people have proposed that a new and impos ing front to Pirie-street church should be erected. But, on the other hand, there has been an indisposition on the part of others to meddle with the building that has become sacred in its associations. Recently, however, new circumstances have arisen which have made it apparent that some alterations are almost imperative— not merely forornament, but for use and efficiency. We believe there is a pretty unanimous feeling that it is cot desirable to enter upon a. costly undertaking amply to add to the archi tectural effect of the building. But the present parsonage cannot much longer be occupied as the superintendent's residence, when the hind can be let for £600 or £800 per annum. The present accommodation for the infant department in the Sunday-school is altogether inadequate to the requirements of the children. The committee of the book depot has received notice of an increase in the rent of the shop at present occupied by -them that will seriously jeopardise the safety, of the business i£ the premises Are __ retained. As the colony is grow ling in population tuid importance the want of Wesleyan Connexional central offices is in creasingly felt. A large connexional room ? somewhat similar to the well-known Church Office in Leigh- street — has become a neces sity. In view of all these facts it has been proposed to meet the requirements of tile case by the erection of suitable and com modious buildings in front of Pirie-street church. The front of the new structure would come out to the footpath. It would be conspicuous from King William-street, and being of a handsome ecclesiastical design, would at once proclaim the purpose of the building, and worthily represent the Metho dist Church. A wide open archway and vestibule would give access to the front doors of the church. On the basement, with door and window opening only towards £he east. and abutting on the present carriage drive, would lie a huge apartment for the book depot ; and on the other side of the vestibule two rooms to be used as a minister's library and consulting-room, and a church vestry. The upper story would be devoted to the connexional-room of which we have spoken (and which, would also serve the pur pose of a church parlor and an infant school. At a meeting of the trustees last Monday the whole subject was taken into consideration. The proposals above detailed were favorably entertained. It was the general opinion that the undertaking, though it would involve a large expenditure, was of such importance, not .merely to Pirie-street church but to the connexion at large, that it deserved to be carefully examined, that if found practicable and ' supported by liberal contributions it might be carried out.' 