SECOND WEEK. Mr. Moody would do a great work if he simply went round the various evangelistic centres in our land, and made an annual inspection of the noon prayer-meetings. The tendency of them all is to degenerate into preaching meetings. Glasgow has been no exception to this rule, and for some days after the arrival of the evangelists the unsuitability of the old lines was so manifest that Mr. Moody is doing his best for reform. The thing in arrear, in Scotland at any rate, is not light, but life, and the prayer-meeting should be consistently regarded by all workers as the heart of evangelistic movements, and not the head. The continued absence of Mr. Sankey, through a severe attack of cold, has been much felt. His post has been vacant all the week, and it is not certain that he will be with us for a day or two yet. According to last reports, however, his health is improving rapidly. Probably the most outstanding feature of the past week's work has been the two immense meetings on Sunday for men and women. The inquirers in both cases nearly filled a church adjoining the St. Andrew'6 Hall. The evening meetings through the week have also proved very fruitful, especially the last, held on Friday, in Pollokshields Free Church. On Thursday and Friday Mr. Moody's appeals were felt by all to be exceedingly powerful. I never heard anything even from him to impress me more than his address on " The Son of Man is come to seek and to save that which was lost," delivered in Pollokshields on Thursday. _ In the course of it, he remarked that his forty-fifth birthday was due that week, and it had been pressed upon his mind for some days that his work in the world was more than half done. He was realising that he had now reached the top of the hill, and was seeing over the other side. This he followed up with an eloqnent appeal to those who, like himself, were passing the meridian of life, every sentence of which plainly told on the spell-bound audience. The first week's Bible-readings were devoted to an exposition of the Bible doctrine of Grace, and this week the subject throughout has been the Holy Spirit. Of the Scripture teaching on this cardinal theme Mr. Moody has a firm and practical grasp, and his statements must have sunk especially into tbe heart and conscience of the multitude of ministers, Sabbathschool teachers, missionaries, and workers, whose wellknown faces surrounded the platform. Mr. Moody recognises with great distinctness that the Holy Spirit is the centre of all evangelistic operations. On Friday, in the course of his sermon, he insisted on the distinction between the indwelling of the Spirit in the believer and in the Church. He said, " What Christians want is the Spirit in its fulness. If the Spirit of God is upon us it must flow out like tapping an artesian well. After the resurrection Jesus breathed upon the disciples and said, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' But at Pentecost the Church was baptised for service. The gospel we preach is a supernatural gospel, and it needs a supernatural power to prove it. If a man tries to preach without that he fails. It is not intellectual power we preach by. I asked a minister in America how his work was getting on. ' Oh,' he said,' splendidly. Everything's prospering. We're paying all expenses, &c.;, &c.;' ' But how about conversions ?' * Well,' the minister replied,' it's some years since we had any of that.' The Church is paralysed for want of the baptism of the Holy Ghost." This week the evening meetings are to be held in the suburb of Crosshill. From the difficulty of finding a suitable hall, the children's meeting, so interesting a feature of the Edinburgh work, has not yet been inaugurated, but a place and hour for the children will doubtless soon be found. 