OYSTER CULTUEE IN TASMANIA. The Hobart correspondent of the Launceston Exa iner thus describes the result of an at tempt made at oyster oulture : — ' Tho effort to breed and fatten oysters in Tasmania, about which several flattering paragraphs have been written in the English papers, has been given np by tho association which started for that purpose between two and three years ago. Three thousand oysters were obtuined and placed in prepared beds constructed at Oyster Cove, where it was expected — as that locality had been tho natural home of tho oyster, when the ancestors of Billy Lanny gulped them down without pepper or vinegar, nor looked for porter afterwards — that tbo much appreciated livalve would wax fat, thrive, and multiply their specios. But things have evidently changed, for notwithstanding the beautiful beds prepared, the oysterB refused to multiply, und grew so thin that a few which wero examined when last the officers of the associa tion visited the locality were nothing but beard, and very little of that. A troublesome weed invaded the habitation, growing all over tho fucines, mordus, and wattles, and thrived wonderfully in the water, which yielded so little nourishment to the oystera that they were melancholy spectacles when opened. Gales destroyed Borne of the work, and tbe mud silted up over the beds, smothering the oystera iu parts. Under; thoso airouuistunces the directors of the company felt it useless to spend more money, and recommended wind ing up the association und dividing the BBsuta. This proposal waa adopted by the shareholders, though, as pointed out by one of the gentlemen present, it is u pity to break up the beda even if there is only a ghost of a chance of things turning out better yet. The sale of a few thousands of pauper oysters would not realise much, and the few remaining liabilities of the association could be paid off with £10. One bed, where the smaller species of oyster had been placed, was doing pretty well, though tho oyaiera hud not spatted, and to break up this bed for the sake of a few pounds would suem a pity. All the beds will probably be saved from destruction, aa the gentlemen who opposed thut course will make an offer to buy out the rest of the share holders and allow thom to remain. The bede laid down by Mr. J. E. Risby ut Eaglehawk Neck aro looking well, though it is not known whether they hare spatted or not.' A DwAinn or Iyoet. — It is not unlikely that ivory will soon become so soaroe that its ubo in the shape of pianoforte keys, knife handles, and fans will be reserved for the affluent. The rapid advances in the value of ivory are causing some uneasiness in tho market. At tho last quarterly sale, whioh olosed on tho 28th ult . there were only 81 tons offered — including 10 tons withdrawn from previous auctions — as against 122 tonB offered in April, 1881. Tho full ing-eff was mainly owing to tho continued scaroity of Cape— only 1 J tons— and tho limited supply of West Ooast Afriou— 11 tons. From Zanzibar and Bombay thoro wero 33 tons, 24 tons from Alexandria, nnd nine tons from Malta. . All descriptions, except for billiard-ball purposes, havs goua up from £S to M por cwt., and tho ivory outtors have resolved for the socond time this year to ruiuo thoir prices. The stores in tho docks this year amount to 133 tons, compared with 213 tons for the corresponding period of tftut year. Mr. W. Wostenholm, Uolly- etroet, Sheuiold, has just had invoioed to him no fower than 622 tusks, which, ho Bays, will all be cleared out in a fortnight. Theso tusks ropressnt 270 clo phants, and if one ivory outter alone cun get through so many ^ in so short a time, thoro is some fear of the elephant being relegated to tho lost species of animals.— Engineer. ', 