THE HAUNTED CHAMBER. A room in the principal inn of a country town in .England had the reputation of being haunted. INobod) would sleep in it, and it was therefore shut up; but it so happened that at an election the inn was choke full, and there was only the haunted room unoccupied. A gentleman's gamekeeper came to the inn, exceedingly fatigued by a long journey, and wanted abed. He was informed that unless he chose to occupy the haunted room he must seek a bed elsewhere. "Haunted!" ex claimed he ; "stuff and nonsense ! I'll sleep in it. Ghost or demon, I'll have a look.what haunts it." Accordingly, after fortifying himself with a pipe and tankard, he took up his quarters in the haunted chamber, and retired to rest. He had lain down not many minutes when the bed:shook under him most fearfully. He sprang out of bed, struck a light (for lie had takep the precaution to place a box of lucifer matches by his bedside); and -made +a careful exa mination of the room, but could di. cover nothing. The courageous fellow would not return to bed, but remained watching for some time. Presently be saw the bed shake :violently ; the flour was firm; nothing moved the bed. Determined, if possible, to find out the catpe of the bedquake, he looked in the bed, under the bed, and near the bed, and not seeing agything to account for the shaking, wwhich every now and then seemed to seize on the hed, he atlast pulled it from the wall. Then the "murder came out." The signboird of the' inn was fastened to the outer wall by a nut and screw, which came through to the back of the bed, and when the wind swung the sign-board to and fro, thime movement was communicated to the bed, causing it'to hhake in a most violent manner. The'gamekeepcr, delighted at having nug?ed up the ghost, informed the landlord the next morping of the real nature of his unearthly visitor, and was handsomely rewarded for rendering a room;, hitherto useless, now quite ser viceable. It does hotfollow that because a man i" able to lie he ii liable toado so What to sidy when writing aI sea song The marinera compass. ,The 014 sying is, :" Throw physic to the dogs," but where wFi yp tpd thp dog that will touch it? Why are some men meaner than bad eof fee P-Because bad' coffee'will finally settle, bat some men won't. When the cashier of a bank broke the in stitution by running away with all the funds the directors placarded the door, "Nocash ere." -Mrs. Partiigton says that since the inten tion of the needle-gun there is no reason hy the women shouldn'tr fight as well'as the men.. , "iMa," said a little girl, "do men want to get married as much as women do?"-" Pehaw! What are you talking about?"' " why,'ma, the ladies who' come here are always talking about getting married ; the men don't." A laidy being asked her age, said, " When I was married I was eighteen and my. hus band thirty. His age has silie doubled, std so of course that makes'm' thirty.six ;" and she was astonished ait her own frauiess.' i At a late sale of antiquities, the auctioneer put up a helmet, and candidly remarked : "'This ladies and 'gentlemen, is a helmet of Binulas, the Ioman' founder,; but wheth?er he was a brassfounder, or an iron founder, or foundered his ship, I annot telL" An American editor announces the death of a lady of his' sidqahitance, and thus touchingly adds: -" In her decease the sick lost an inoaluablo friend. Long will she seem to stand at their bedside,'as she.wa, wohaf with the balin of odnsolation ia'!one liaeid, nd's cap of rlesbarb'T Ide olks . "" dad," exclaimed a patriotic Irilslnan. "it's:? ripe watermelon that should/ha,' 'beei the emblem of Ireland. It alway ha the green above the red," : : An author being found In" the atti of e four-story house, his friend asked hiti why he " pieahed his tent so high r", to.wh he he replied, "Well, you see lack, I sah not able to live on either my fint, second, :hird, or fourth story." 