The Appointment of the Very Rev- Dr. Cani as Administrator. We some uliort time ago reprinted from llio metropolitan p'ipcrs a "protest/' uddivRsed to Archbishop V^n^linn by a number of the Boiunn On! ho] ii: clnrgy of Queensland, tlie nppointmont of the Very Bev, Dr. ("uni us Administrator of tl'G Diocese of Brisbane, pending the appointment of ft successor to the late lamented Bishop. Wo thought at. the time (lint tbo publication of flic "proU-st" was n mistake, but, having published it, we feci culled upon in fairness to giva the Arch - bishop's reply, which lias bt;en furnished to the Qtteeniland Times by that journal's able correspondent, "Justitia." The reply is ai follows: "Sydney, Octobers, 1881, " Dear Rcr. Father Broon,-Now that the sad rites connected with the death of nod nrtli'i mind for the late lamented Bishop of Brisbane are over. I hasten to acknowledge the receipt of r * Protent,' Bigned and sent to me by a large number of the clergy, against the appointment of the Very He v. Dr. Cani as Administrator . Rcile Vacanlc* of the diocese of Brisbane. " I. Nothing, I can assure the Hov. Clergv, would give me a grenlcr personal pleasure than to meet their wishes when I can' do so with.a peaceful conscience. ?'But " (a) The Very Buv. Dr. Cani had already .been appointed wbeu the Protest arrived. , "(ii) And bad such not been the case, I should have, boon open to. the censure .of the Holy See, if I bad accepted the nomination by the clergy in the way proposed, as no Ecscript has been , granted to this Province so to modify common Jair, «r to "overlook the qualifications 'mentioned by the 6ncred Canons. " 2. Regarding the plea pot forward by the fi*v. Clergy ngainst the appointment of the Very Rev. Dr. Oani-viz.,hiB maladministra tion' of'fhe 'diocese during the Bishop's absence-the late' Btehttp; ' under the most solemn circumstances-tohen / the deepest interests of religion depended oil his carefully considered judgment-emphatically recorded a declaration to the contrary, to be forwarded to tho'Holy 8ee, a copyof Vhich declaration I, at this moment, have under my eyos. " Dear Rev, Fathers: Let us-as Ido daily -prny the Holy Ghost to send a Bishop to Brisbane, ecfeoraingitb His own heart. Let ub not, in any way,, nmke ourselves unworthy of so great a gratis.: whilst with BeBt Blessing ; and wishes tooll the Sev. Clergy, :: : " I am, Dear Eev. Fathcr BftMin, " Tour faithful-servant in Christ, ? "t ROOEbBbdE, " Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. " The Uotr. James B. Brccn, "(Secretary)." 