PLAYING THE WRONG CAED. XX FOUR CHAPTERS. — CHAPTER HL ( Continued. ' That is all, certainly,' assented the other, with a cheerful, satisfied smile, ss though he had jnst confirmed the speaker in the most flattering of assert ions. ' I tell him, then, that the foreign nprsnn is dead. I shall tell him. as von advise, that ehe marry again, and live happy ; that ehe tell me all about it, and ask me to find him if I ever go to England. To explain how I know him, I shall say I have find a letter addressed to him iu his right name I say this was among the foreign person's papers, and she think it refer to someone else. I think not — so I keep it, and see. I have find him by this ; and now I find him, I tell him the person dead, and her baby dead too that after he desert them, and she marry, she live seven years, and — I think this very fine point — Bhe ask Ids forgiveness for having married again. Being, as I learn from your description, a gentleman of very honourable and sensitive feelings, easily moved to pity, and so on, I should think that wonld be very effective. Do you not agree V ' Yes,' retnrned Hythe, after a pause, during which he had eyed the musician with a look of no great admiration — 'yes, that will do. In fact, Mr. Charles, or whatever yonr name is, you may say and do what yon like, tor it s my beliet that the Evil One himself could not hold a caudle to yon. — That's plain speaking.' ' Ah, sir, you flatter me,' returned the musician. 'Yet, after all, it is hut natural. We foreigners are cunning and deceitful, I know. I know it well ; I have heard it said five hundred times since I have beeu among the English. Alas ! it is our misfortune ; we cannot equal their truth, their caudour, their faithfulness. Certainly not 1 Well, good afternoon, sir. I shall now present my self at the Elmees Knoll, and hope to have mnch agreeable interview with your brother. Adieu, sir.' Saying this, the musician bowed him self out, a good deal to the relief of Mr. Hythe, who drew a long breath as he dis appeared, and exclaimed in an undertone : ' Confound the fellow ! I hate him worse every moment I am in his company. I compared him last night to a hyena. Some crawling poisonous snake would be more like him, to my thinking now. But he is just the man I want, for all that.' The musician, on leaving Myrtle Villa, did not follow the high-road on Ms way to the Knoll, although this was the nearer, but took a somewhat devious path which led across the fields and by the style which bounded this path, and separated it from the main road, he fonnd seated on a bench under a tree, evidently awaiting him, his landlady and Lucile. With scarcely a word, he took the girl's hand and led her away, pausing, however, after crossing the style, to make certain that the landlady had really gone back, and was not lingering to watch them. Apparently the girl was used to his silent mood, for she accompanied him without question until they reached the Elms Knoll gate. This the musician opened unhesitatingly, and went quickly towards the house. Some large shrubs stood ontside the chief door of the build- ing, so large ana so close tuai it was impossible for any one in the honse to see a person sheltered by them even if the door were opened. At the brief direction of her conductor, the girl stood quietly behind the trees while he knocked at the door, which was promptly opened by a maid-servant. In answer to the visitor's inquiry, he was informed that Mr. Hythe was within. Giving his name as Mr. Joinville, the musician requested the favour of a few minutes interview on business. The maid civilly asked him to enter ; but the musician preferred to wait where he was, until her return. When she did return with a message to the effect that Mr. Hythe would be happy to Bee the gentleman, the servant was startled to see a girl standing by the visitor's side. 'May I ask the favour of the yonug lady being allowed to wait in the house until I have spoken to Mr. Hythe 1' said he. ' Certainly, air,' replied the maid. ' I did not see the young lady at first, so did not mention her to Mr, Hythe.' ' That is of no consequence,' retnrned Joinville. ' If you will kindly take her in your charge, and let me know where I can find her in case Mr. Hythe should desire to see her, I shall be much obliged.' This was soon arranged j Lucile being taken into a parlour on the ground floor, which doubtless served as the house keeper's Mtting-room, for here she fonnd a middle-aged lady, to whom the servant paid mnch deference. The musician was ushered into a library, where, surrounded by a chaos of papers and books, sat the worn, enfeebled figure of the master of the house. He looked up with an air of some curiosity as his visitor entered ; but the weary, disappointed expression so common to his features, was not brightened or changed. The man was a stranger. ' Yon wished to see me on business, Mr. Joinville,' he began ; ' so I under stand from the servant. Is it' ' Excuse the interruption, sir,-' said the stranger ; ' but my name is not Joinville. I seut that in, being my professional name, thinking yon might probably have heard of me as a musician.' Aff Uwtkn ntwinlr (lie tiaail With A slight, sad smile. ' It does not greatly matter,' said the other, seating himself in compliance with a gesture made by Mr. Hythe, ' as my business here has no reference to pro fessional affairs. — I believe, Mr. Hythe, you were married abroad, about twelve or fourteen years ago, to 6ome foreign girl. Lucia, her Christian name was, if I am right.' Hythe ronsed himself, aud gazed with mingled surprise and alarm at the speaker ; ' I was. Is yonr business con nected with that f ' Finding yourself sa 'died with a wife for whom you had ceas-d to c ire — quite properly, I grant— -and burdened with an infant whom you hated, as interfering with yonr prospects in England — quite properly on your part, I again grant; you left them to their fate in a country which was as foreign to them as to your Bilf 'Yon misunderstand, if you do cot misrepresent what occurred, interposed Hythe. ' I have borne witb all yonr comments so far, as you are the first man who has ever spoken to me concerning that painful period of my life. I own my_ wrpngdoing j I bitterly regret it J . 1 wonld give die world to restore the wife and child I lost. But my conduct was noJ inhuman as you describe it.' t no ; I daresay not— from yonr view from what I perceive is the respect- Able, and therefore the .British view of the case, returned the other, in unmoved acMnts. « But I believe the foreign girl had a different impression. She was of a violent temperament; as these foreigners, who know no better, often Me and sbe eventually hated yon with an intensity eqnal to the fierceness of the love she bore youat first— women, you know, are always in extremes — and she cursed yon in her dying honr.' ' Impossible !' cried Hythe. ' Badly as I behaved, ehe would never have done that. But even if she did, how conld you have known it!' ' Ton will hear, sir. To tell yon what I know, and how I know it, is my busi ness here,' said the stranger, dropping his half-mocking tone for one of greater earnestness. ' She had friends, bnt they were at a great distance. Robbed by those among whom you left her, she made her way under great privations, and throngh such trials and hardships as ought never to have fallen to any woman's lot, especially to one so dearly loved and tenderly nnrtnred as she had been. Among her relatives, Mr. Hythe, she had a brother— a brother, who would have given his life to save her and to Mm she came. He first believed sbe had erred, as women have erred too often ; but he received her with his kindest love even then ; and when he learnt the troth, he felt- Bnt you shall hear more of his feeling presently. Her privations and her trials killed her she died in his arms. To him she told her story ; to his care she left her unprotected child. To Mm, also, Bhe bequeathed her betrothal ring — a diamond which I here submit for yonr inspection.' He drew a ring from his pocket as he spoke. 'To him she intrusted her revenge. He was poor, very poor, sir, slthongh not always had he been BO yet he resolved to visit England, and to spare no trouble to find oat this man, and avenge Mb sister. Re kept his word ; he came to England accompanied by the child — yonr daugh ter.' Hythe started, breathed quickly, while the gaze he fixed on the speakers face grew wilder and more intense. ' Yon have, I believe, seen a portrait of this brother,' continued the musician ; ' given to yon by yonr wife. She was a foolish, trnsting girl, as yon too well know, and loved her brother dearly. His name, as you most often have read on the portrait, was Carlos Villada - be it is who is now in England — he it is who now speaks to yon. I am Carlos Villada. Hythe thrnst back his chair, drew a long breath, and fixed his eyes resolutely on the stranger, as though expecting some vio lent movement \- ' Ob, fear me not, sir 1' exclaimed the musician, or Villade as we may now call him. It is true that I sought England to be my sister's avenger, and that, baffled by your change of name — you were Mr. Hildred Wilstone in those days, you know —my search was unavailing, until an accident discovered yon at this obsenre town ; but I find my purpose practically achieved. 1 nave beard enongh of yon to know tnat yonr greatest punishment mill be to live — to live consumed by re- worse, and the unavailing desire to atone for the injury you have inflicted a desire and remorse which shall be a hundredfold bitterer to you when you know how nearly it has been in your power to repair the wrong yon have done. Yes : when yon shall once, for the last, the only time, have seen yonr daughter, yonr only child when she leaves your sight for ever, having once stood under the roof of your accnrsed honse — ' Under my roof ! Is she here now f cried Hythe. ' I do not doubt your story I believe it, and will forgive all you have said, if you but tell me she is here !' ' You have your wish, sir, for she is hete, and you shall see her,' returned Villada. Then rising, he opened the door of the room and called Lucile. The girl came at once ; and the mnsician taking her hand, led her into the apart ment 'This, Mr. Hythe,' continued Villada, 'is the daughter of the foreign person who called herself Lucia Wilstone. Does she resemble her !' ' Herself again !' gasped Hythe. He strove to rise from his chair, but sank back, and clasped his hands for a moment before his eyes. 'An instant,' he said, 'and I shall be myself again. Had yon shown me one from the dead, yon conld not have thrilled me more !' 'Yon are satisfied, then' began the musician. ' I am.— Lucia ! come to me ! Let me beg a mother's pardon through her child,' entreated Hythe. — ' You will not, can not dream of taking her away !' 'Ehe leaves yonr presence now, and for ever !' was the harsh return. ' She shall not ! She is my child, and I dare yon to remove her. — Lucia ! I am yonr father ! Come to me, my child. — I will not be stopped !' Villada had thrown himself before the girl, and now thrnst Hythe back with such force as to Btagger him. 'Let the gentleman come to. me, Carlos 1' exclaimed the girl, speaking for the first time. ' I am Bare he does not wish to harm me.' 'My child— my dear child ! lam yonr XAAlkJka — III I' IBUWUUT UlUSfi UUlMJipj lAtUCI i cried Hythe. — ' Stand aside, eir ! — Help!' A brief straggle accompanied these exclamations, which, from the veogefnl ex pression on the stranger's face, might have had eome terrible termination, but the broken strength of Hythe gave way, and he fell unconscious into his chair. A glance was sufflcient to assure Villada that he was really insensible ; then grasping the child tightly by the wrist, he led her from the room and the honse, telling the servant who opened the d»or that he thought her master was unwell The shadows had gathered ; twilight was past and gone, and night had come, while Mr. Styles sat at the little parlonr window of Back Church Row smoking his pipe, and looking anxiously for the appearance of the mnsician with the girl ; for the landlady having retnrned with out the child, had been obliged to tell how ehe had parted from her and, to quote exactly from the current of Mr, Styles'e reflections, that gentleman was blessed if he conld see what sort of game Charley was np to now. . In fact, when yon once got in with them foreigners, there was never any telling what wonld come of it. While sufficient light remained for Mm to distinguish fignres at the corner where Back Church Row joined the larger thoroughfare, the Professor sat at the window and watched bnt at last with a sigh, he drew down the blinds, turned away and lit the gas. He had not done this three minutes; before a knock was heard, a knock he well knew and the next instant the mnsician entered, leading Ladle. ' I am glad to see yon both,' exclaimed Styles ' for I have been fancying all sorts of things. — Well, is it all right! Have yon managed the bnslnesB and got the money !' ' Money 1 Ha, ha, ha !' laughed the musician. — His laugh was so etrange and wild, that Styles started and changed colour. — 'Money! Better! I have had revenge ! I have seen yonr Maurice Hythe, and he has seen me. He has seen the brother of the woman he deserted ! He has seen her child — his child. I have left him to live ! The miserable wretch is to live ! Her brother has spared him — to live ?' 'Yes, yes I know,' said Styles un easily. ' You were to represent her brother, of coarse bnt in reality, did you' ' Represent !' cried the other. Talk not to me of represent I scorn and throw away all yonr poor play and acting grimace ! I have done with them flip AVAr f Wa HAvfaimvall 1 Wn laatra nan for ever 1' 'Are yon mad!' exclaimed Styles, serionaly alarmed by his associate's manner. Where is the twenty pounds 1 And what is the use of your talking about leaving me, when we are to open at Bingledon to-morrow, and when Lucile is articled to me f ' I leave yon, Styles Lucia leaves yon,' continued the mnEician. ' We langh at yonr articles we laugh at yonr towns of Bingledon. We are revenged, Styles that is enough ! All is settled we go.' 'Bnt yon can't — you shan't go like this!' exclaimed the hapless Professor. ' What am I to do ! I can't keep my engagements ; you must not ' ' Styles ! Senor Styles,' said the other, dropping Ms voice, and speaking in a low, penetrating tone, which the Professor instinctively felt was dangerous ' you will remain with yonr pipeB and your beers, if yon are wise ; for if you hold out a hand to stay me, I will cut that hand off at the wrist ; and you know it I see you do. Ah Yon will be careful of yourself, and run no risk. That is well! — Come, Lucia — Lucile no more. We quit for ever thie wretched mimicry.' ' But where are you going with the child !' said Styles. ' You have no money. How will she live ! Where will you take her !' ' Fate will decide,' replied the musi cian 'our destiny may lie in this world or the next We go to fulfil it; whatever and wherever it is." And with this they were gone. CONCLUSION. Mr Styles sat silent and stupefied, after the departure of his colleague. The pipe had gone out, and was not rekindled while the jug of beer, which had given point to the sarcasm of Charley — as he still called him in his reverie — remained untouched at his elbow. The situation was indeed a serious one for the onlncky Professor. He had been buoyed np by the prospect of this unexpected windfall ; he had seen his way to taking larger halls, and working ' larger towns for the next week or two at anyrate, by its help and now it had utterly vanished, plunging him, as a matter of coarse, as deep into despair as its prospect had raised him into hope. He had sent the baggage man and the properties on to Bingledon, where he was annonnced to open the next night a deposit was paid on the large room at the Town Hall ; bills by this time were circulated, Ma posters had been out for some days. And now all this trouble was lost ; his ontlay was forfeited. He could not open by himself Even if a musician could be fonnd in Bingledon, a thing hardly likely in so sedate and prim a town — snch a musician as would suit him — what was he to do without Lucile ! Her loss wonld be fatal to the speculation in fact her loss would be utterly fatal to his business altogether. His Mender resources would not, could not; hold out until he had replaced her. His properties wonld be seized, and he should be ruined. ' My health's a-going,' he muttered, as he reached this stage of his reverie 'and I shall have to go to the workhouse. I little thought when I took old Ben Boley hali-a-crown and a pound of tea last year, that I should so soon come to be where I saw Mm but it's what I am coming to.' A tremendous knock at the street door interrupted and startled him. He lis tened with a foreboding of some fresh evil but ere he conld determine who was the visitor, the door of his room was thrown violently open, and Mr. Ignatius Hythe came hurriedly and excitedly in. 'Here's a pretty go !' exclaimed that gentleman, who could scarcely gaep ont the words — ' here's a pretty go 1 Where's that confounded foreign sconndrel ! He has done it ! A nice thing I have made of it by employing him.' ' What has he done ! I shenid really be glad if yon would tell me,' returned Styles ' for he has been talking in a crazy style abont being revenged, and says he is actually the person we employed ' So he is 1 cried Hythe. ' The vaga bond was jnst the last man in the world we ought to have epoken to. He has nearly killed my brother, and has entirely rained me.' ' What has he done !' exclaimed Styles, who was partly excited and partly frightened, as his visitor plnnged frantic ally about the room. ' How has he killed yonr brother f How has he ruined you. ' He has given my brother a shock from which he will never recover,' said Mr. Ignatius ; 'he has had a fit in con- Beqneuce, and in bis weak state it will be fatal. Bnt he has actually seen his daughter ! This abominable foreign musician, or whatever ynn choose to call him, is her uncle. He showed her to Maurice. He took her away witb a threat that Maurice should never see her again. What is the consequence ! My brother now knows that she is alive, while previously he only dreamed ir. His conscience, which was morbid aud troublesome enough before, is now irresistible. He means to telegraph for his solicitor to-morrow. He will alter his will in favour of this child, so that now we shall get nothing at all j If she remained here, it wonld never have mattered, as he wonld have been content with providing for her, and compensating by kindness for any wrong he had done ; bnt he regards what has now happened as a judgment, and that on account of it he is bound to mortify Mmself and all his friendB. — And by Jove, sir, it is mortify ing!' concluded Mr. Hythe, with an abrupt change of tone. ' Well, what are yon going to do ! What do you want me to do !' asked Styles. ' He has entirely broken np my tonr. I have billed my two next towns, paid a deposit on the Hail at Bingledon ; and here 1 am without a chance of giving the Bhow, and hardly enough money for my railway fare.' ' Oh ! here's some money ; take it ; I want your help,' exclaimed Hythe, throwing a number of sovereigns on the table. With sparkling eyes, the Professor scrambled them up. ' Well, what help do j yon want from me !' he asked. ' We mast find this fellow ; we mast get back the girl !' returned Mr. Hythe. ' Confound him ! He has no right to keep her from her parent. It's unnatural — it's atrocions. If I can get hold of her, I have not the least doubt, from what I know of my brother, that we can manage him very well. So we will follow thiB foreign sconndrel, and catch him if we can. I will claim the girl, and Aall in flin nrtliAA if nnAaaearn flail If it's necessary, I will seize her by force, and yon mnst back me np !' I ' Oh !' ejaculated Styles, with a per ceptible lengthening of his vuage ; I don't altogether like that idea. He's a dangerous fellow, and he carries the ugliest knife yon ever saw out of a bat cher's shop.' I don't care for his knives or any of his foreign tricks !' exclaimed the desper ate Ignatius. Til knock him dowa with my stick, if we really come to a fight. But for the matter of that, I wonld jnst as soon be ran throngh the body as not; if we don't get the girl back.' ' Ah ! but I wouldn't,' said the cau tious Styles ' and I give yon fur warn ing that while I will do all I can in the way of persuasion, or will back yon np in case we fetch the police, if it comes to fighting — keep me ont !' ' I'll do that part of the business,' said his resolnte visitor. ' Rather than not keep my brother from altering his will, I would face twenty foreigners with twenty knives apiece. — Now, come on. How shall we get on Ms trail !' ' That won't be very difficult to begin witb, at anyrate,' said Styles. ' He must have gone by rail, if he has gone at all and a little gossiping place like this has one advantage — everybody knows every body and I'll defy snch conspicuous characters as Charley and Lncile to take tickets without their being known and their destination remembered. We are right for the first stage, I am certain.' ' Then on with your coat, and off we go,' continued Hythe. ' If there's a train any time to-night in the direction they have taken, we follow.' Bnt abont Bingledon !' began Styles. Let Bingledon shift for itself ! The people at Bingledon can do without yon, I daresav. Telegraph in the morning, or do what you like but let us lose no time now.' Thus nrged, Mr. Styles had no option bnt to comply. The sovereigns that had been so lavishly thrust upon him softened in a wonderful way his feelings regarding the disappointment of the good people of Bingledon. In a few minntes they had left the house, and were at the railway station, where the correctness of Mr. Style's judgment was at once made manifest. The clerk and porter each recollected the departure of Mr. Joinville, as they called him, accompanied by Mademoiselle Tus- cano, and recollected also that tbey had taken tickets for a station named Bush- field. The night-mail, dne in about an hour aud a half, stopped at that station. ' He will change there, and go across to Stnmpley, which is on the South western line,' said Hythe. ' He means to go on to Southampton, and take a steamer for America that's his game.' 'Bnt I don't think he has enough money said Styles. ' Oh ! there's never any telling with these foreigners,' interrupted Hythe. ' He may have been screwing aod saving up ever since he has been with you.' Mr. Styles made no reply to this sug gestion ; but by an expressive frown and shake of the head, he might have been of opinion that ' Charley, ' as he still called him, was not likely to have saved much while in his company. To follow their journeyings in quest of the fugitives would only weary the reader. Snffice it, therefore, to note that Mr. Hythe and Styles at length found themselves — en route for Southampton — at Bnshfield Junction. The junction was at a very lonely spot a straggling village was the nearest approach to a town for several miles ; while ont on the bare downs beyond, or in the narrow dull lanes which served for byroads, there were but few cottages to be seen, and still fewer buildings which deserved the name of farmhouses. S > there was little to invite any one to go strolling about in the quiet light of the sinking snn, which was now just visible above the low hills which bonnded the view to the west. Thus argued Styles , UUb uytiua was vi a uiucieuv upiuiuu. Lucidly, however, he did not deem it necessary to insist on the Professor accompanying him in his ramble ; and, so comfortably ensconsed in the vil lage inn, with the London paper to read, his legs on the long seat, the oft deferred meal at last served, Styles awaited his companion's return without impatience. Mr. Hythe, restless as before, soon got beyond the limits of the village, and crossed the wide common which lies immediatelv bsv'iid. He ihen re'nrned to retrace hi e-ep% as twilight hid Ret in ; and the occasional lurking of dogs reminded him that it might be un pleasant to fi id his way hack after dark. Passing one of the few homes which were of somewhat better grade than the poorest labourers' cottages, he saw a woman standing at the d-t'ir, who looked : so earnestly at him, that ha tb<nght she was abnnt to speak. S'ackening his pace, he looked fixedly at her in return. The woman noticing it, said apologetically, and dropping a rustic conrtsey as she sn.ike: ' I thought, sir, yon might be Dr. Cmm, <>r eome onefrom him ; that's what I was looking out for, sir.' 'I am sorry yon are d'sappointed,' replied Hythe-. 'I hope yon have no seriouB case for wishing to see a doc tor.' ' Indeed, I have, sir,' said the woman and I am afraid Davy — that's my boy, Mr — hasn't fonnd Dr. Camm at home, he has been so long gone.' ' I have been a doctor, although now retired from the profession,' said Hythe. < If I can be of any service till yonr own doctor comes' ' You are veiy kind, sir,' replied the woman, as Hythe paused ; ' and if yon wonld not mind looking in, I should be a great deal easier in my mind. We have had a gentleman and a little girl staying here for a day or two.' Eh ! a gentleman and a little girl !' repeated Hythe, ronsed into the keenest attention at once. Yes, sir,' she continued. 'They are foreigners, I think ; and he is mortal bad to-day. I think he is going out of his mind, as well as being dreadfnl ill, sir ; and the little girl is so fright ened.' ' Where is he !' exclaimed Hythe, in a decided toneL ' I will see him at once.' ' I don't know, sir,' said the woman hesitatingly, ' whether be has got any money, and we are too poor'— — ' Oh ! that is of no consequence,' re tnrned Hythe, with a readiness which at once impressed . the poor woman with a sense of his generosity. « Just show me to bin rnnm ' The woman turned and led the stranger into the front room, which, meanly furnished as it was, was evi dently the best parlonr of the honse. A low moaning sound was audible as he entered. ' That is the poor gentleman, air,' Bhe continued. He is in the back room. I will go and see if he is sensible. — This gentleman is a doctor, my dear, and will core yonr nncle.' ThiB last phrase was addressed to a girl who Bat cowering and shy in the darkest corner of the apartment. Hythe had not seen her nntil he followed the direction of the woman's eyes. Ah ! it's all right ! I have her now,' was hU mental ejaculation. The girl looked up at him without any recog nition in her eyes. — ' That is a strange place for yon, my dear,' said Hythe. ' I know from the landlady that yon have not been here long. Were yon about to settle in this village !' ' No ; I think not, eir,' replied the girL ' I hardly know what Mr. Charles was going to do ; I think he meant to go back to America.' ' I was not far ont in my guess, thsD,' thought Hythe. The retam of the woman stopped farther conversation ; and he accom panied her to the bed-room, where, rest lessly turning on his couch, lay the man whom be had sought As wonld have been the case with every other doctor, personal feelings, likings and dislikings, all ideas of danger to himself from the man, were instantly banished, and Hythe saw in him only a suffering patient. ' His brain is dread fully affected, and he is in great danger,' said he to the landlady presently. ' I think it is more than probable that he will die here.' ' U dear me 1 deary me 1' exclaimed the poor soul, wringing her hands. What- oi rap ell all tba 9 \f tt trnnVinnd line been out of work this four weeks with a bad hand.' ' I will wait until I see yonr local doctor,' continued Hythe and will ask him to send a nurse down to assist you. As it straugely happens that I know this mat), I will be responsible for all expenses, and will take the girl to her friends. There is a person waiting for me at the Half Moon Inn at Bnshfield, to whom the little girl is well-known. Can yon send for him !' ' 0 yes, sir !' exclaimed the woman, whose face had brightened considerably. 'I do think I hear our Davy ontside now. He will go.' She was correct. Davy came in with the news that he had been waiting until Dr. Camm returned ; that he had seen that gentleman, who had promised to follow him in a quarter of an hour. Stimulated by the promise of a shilling, Davy lost no time in harrying back to Bushfield as fast as Ms heavy clay-clog ged bootB conld carry him, bearing Mr. Hytbe's card, with a request for the immediate attendance of Styles. The doctor arrived first, and promptly coincided with the opinion already ex pressed by Hythe as to the fatal natnre of his illness. He readily agreed to find a nurse, and took charge of a few pounds which Hythe left in his hands for current expenses. As he did so, a little bustle was heard in the parlonr, followed by an exclamation of delight and surprise from the girl. Witb a word of apology for his abruptness, Hythe harried to the room, where he saw, as he expected, the girl cliDging round Styles's neck in a transport of delight. Have yon come to take me back !' said the child. 'I do not love Mr. Charles as I love yon.' (She had been taught to speak of him always as Mr. Charles in the company.) ' He does not love me at Ml. Do not send me away again !' ' No, Lucile, never ; you shall never leave me again, said Styles ; ' that is,' be added, as he recollected the claims of Mr. Maurice Hythe, ' yon shall never go anywhere but where yon please, and where yon are happy. — She always took to me, you know,' he continued in a low tone to Mr. Hythe. ' We have been vugntuci turec mo jeaiBj auu JL otwajra considered her as my daughter.' The girl wonld not part from Styles and eo, holding his hand, ehe presently set ont to walk to the junction, Hythe followed closely, after a final consultation with the Burgeon, who promised to let him know by telegraph, the patient's state in the morning— if he lasted till then but nuless some nnlooked - for change took place, he probably wonld not hold ont. Catching an early train, the three reached Fi»ld»nham by midnight, where, mi ler pretence «>f not disturbing their landlady, and after repeated promisee from Stjles to call for her the next day, the girl consented to go to Myrtle VilL to sl-ep, an) there met with a warm' reception, Mrs. Hythe being quite, a- rauch alive to the importance of restor ation as was her husband. In the morning Styles came ronnd pnnctual'y ; and as he came to the gate, there arrived also a telegraph messenger, whose tidings were brief, bnt filial — Villada was dead. There was an n-i avoidable shock in hearing this ; bn" Hy he and Syles were secretly cons cious of a feeling of relief Lucile — we shall for the brief remainder of oar story preserve her old name— who had no idea of his danger, was not told of his death for some days. Early in the afternoon, as may be supposed, Mr. Hythe took the girl round to his brother, who was now so weak that he could not stand, and was lying on a conch wMch faced the window bnt the interview wMch followed shall be out lined in the description given of it by Mr Ignatius to hia wife. ' It was like a resurrection, Maria 1 If yon had seen a ghost, yon wonld not have been more frightened than at Beeing that panting, hollow-eyed fellow rise np with a sort of scream. — Bnt she wasn't frightened ; not a bit. How ehe knew he did not mean her any harm, I can't say,bntMie took to him directly. He says he shall get well now and I believe he will — I had a long talk with him, and it will be all right Maria.' It was all right, from the Myrtle Villa point of view. Delighted at the restora tion of his daughter thankful for the opportunity of undoing his wrong in part, at least; Maurice Hythe became a new man ; and never forgetful that it was to his brother's energy and wonder ful sagacity he owed these boons, his lawyer was again summoned, and the will was this time altered in a manner which gave general satisfaction. A very handsome present to the poor woman at Bnshfield Common raised her tn fcfiA emrAntfi Iiaavaii a f rlmlirvVif so if. did also her husband who had the bad hand, and ' Davy ' the messenger while Mr. Styles Bnt he also shall speak of himself He often did speak for him self as he eat over his grog in the select parlonr of the Three Blind Mice at Kentish Town, N.W., wMch hotel stands at the corner of the street in which were situated Mr. Styles'e apartments. ' And that's how it was, Mr,' he wonld say, when finishing his oft repeated narrative. ' The tonr which I thought was going to be a complete bust-np for me, was tire making of me. The loss of my dancer and my pianist; wMch made me think of the workhonBe, was the only thing, as it turned ont, which conld have kept me from it. I never went a tonr again, and never shall now, and I don't want to. Ehe don't forget the old man, Mr ; and if I ain't rich, I ain't poor, and I can jog on quiet and comfortable, as long as I've got the breath to do it. This is the only time, sir, ! ever knew a game won by playing the wrong card, which was what we certainly did when we pat Charley on the business.' 