THAT LITTLE SQUARE BOX " ALL aboard?" said the captain. "All aboard, sir I" said the mate. " Then stand by to let lier go." .It was nine o'clbok on aWednesday morning. The good ship Spartan ,was lying offil Boston Quay with her cargo under hatches, her passengers shipped,a; d everything prepared for a start. The warding Whistle had been sounded. twice, the final bell, had been rung. Her bowsprit was turned towards England, and tie hiss of escaping steam'slhowed that all was ready for her run of three thousand' miles. : She strained at th19 warps that held her, like a groyhnnmd at its leash. I have the misfortune to be a very nervous man. A sedentary literary life has helped to increase the morbid love of solitude 'which, oven igl my boyhood, was one of my distin guishing characteristics. As I'stooed. upon ithe quarter:deck of the Transatlantic steamer I,bitterly oursed thd necessity whiclh drove me bacskto the land of my.forefathers.' The shouts of the sailors, the rattle of the cordage the farewells ofmy fellow.-passengers, andthe cheers of them ob, each and an jarred upoh nsy sensitive nature. .I felt sad too. .An in describable feeling, as of sosime imipending calamity, seemed to hauntmne. The sea was calm, and thio.breeze light. There was. noth ing to disturb thi. equanimity of the most confirmed of landsmen, yet I felt as if I stood upon tho vergo of a great though indefinable danger. I have noticed that such presonti ments occur often in men of my peouliar tom ,perament, anid that they ard not unconimonly fulfilled...Theres is a theory that it arises from a species of second -sight, . a subtle spirittial communication with the future. I .well rememberthatHeorr lRauiner,'the emin ent spiritualist, remarked on one occasion that. I was the inost sensitive subject as' regards supernatural phenomonna' that lhe had ever encountered in the whole. of his wide experi ence. Be that as it may, I certainly felt far from happy as I threaded my'way among the weeping, cheering groups which dotted the white decks of the good ship Spartan., Had I known the experience which awaited me in the eourso of the next twelve hours I would even then at the last moment have sprung 'upon the shore, and made my escape from the accursed vessel. " Time's up I' said the captain, closing his chlsronometer with a'snap, and replahing it in his pocket. ' Timi's up I' said the. mate. Theroe as a last wail from the whistle,'a rush of friends and relatives upon ,the land. One warp was loosened, .the gangway.was being' pushed away, when' theoroe ,wa a shout from the bridge, and two, meo appeared,, running rapidly down. the quay. ? They worer waving :' ' -· · + * . : ? i+++ , *: : + : . i :· t.'?i; tlieir hands and making frantic gestures; ap; pdrently with the intention of stopping the ship. "Look: sharp l" shouted .tho' crowd: "Hold'hiard l"' cried the captain." '" Ease hr l stop lier .lUi, with thb ogangway l" and the tvo meon isprang aboard justis thesecond warp parted,-.and.a cinvulsive throb of the engine shot us clear of the shore.: .There.was a cheer from tho'deck, another from the quay a mighty fluttering of handkerchiefs, and the great vessel ploughed,its-way out of the har. bour, and steamed grandly away across the placid bay. : -. We were fairly started upon onr fortnight's voyage. There.vwas ageneral dive among the passengers in. guest of .firths and luggage, while. a popping of corks. in the, saloon proved that .~ more than one bereaved traveller-was- adopting- artificial means. for drowning the pangs of separation. I glanced. round the decknimd took a'running inventory of my comlpagnons de voapge. They presented the usualtypes met with upon these occasions. There was no striking- face among them.. I speak as a connoisseur, for facesare a specialty' of mino.:.I pounce upon a characteristiofeat urm as:a botanist does on a flower, and bear it away with me toatnalyse at my, leisure, and classify and labelitin my little anthropological museum. There was. nothing worthy of. me here. Twenty types of young.America going to'!"Yurrup," a few respectable middle-aged couples as an antidote, a sprinkling of clergy men and professional men, young ladies, bag men, British oxclusives, and all the oll podrida :of.an ocean-going steamer., I. turned 'away from them and gazed back at the receding shores of America, and, as a cloud of remem brances rose before me, my imart warmed to; wards the land of my, adoption. A. pile of portmantenaus and luggage chanced. to be ly ing on one side of the deck, awaiting their turn to 'be taken below. With my idual love for solitude I walked behind these and sitting on a coil of rope between them and the vessel's side, I indulged in a melancholy reverie. I was aroused from- this by a whisper be hind me. "Here's a quiet place," said the voice, " Sit down and we can talk it over in' safety." ; - . Glancing through a chink between two colossal chests, I saw that the passengers who had joined us at the last moment were stand itig at the other side of the pile. They had evidently failed to see me as I.crouched in the shadow of the boies. Tie one who had spoken was a tall and very thin man with a blue-black beard and a colourless face. His manner was nervous and excited.: His com panioni was a short plothorib little fellow, with a brisk and resolute air. He had a cigar' in hiB mouth, and a large ulster slung over his left arm. They both glanced round un easily, as if to ascertain whether they were alone. " This is justitlhe place," I heard the other say.' They sat down on a bale of goods. with their-backs turned towards ne, and I found'myself, much against my will, playing tho.unpleasant part of eaves-dropper to their conversation. ' . " Well; Muller," said the taller of the two, " we've got it aboard right enough." '"Yes," assented the man whom `ho had' addressed as Muller, " it's safe aboard." "It was rather a near go." SI- was that, Flannigan." "it wouldn't have done to have missed the ship," ' "No, it wouldhave lutour plans out.". "Ruined them entirely," said thelittleman, and puffed furiously' at his cigar for some minutes. "I've got it here," he said at last. "Let me scb it." '- - - "Is no one looking ?" . "No, they are nearly all below." "We can't be too careful where so much is at stake," said Muller, as he uncoiled the ulster which hung over his arm, and disclosed a dark object which he laid upon the deck. One glance at it was: enougl to cause me to spring.to my feet with an exclamation of horror. Luckily they were so engrossed in the matter on hand that neither of them ob served me. Had they turned their lieads they would infallibly have seen my pale face glar ing at theni over tie pile of boxes. . Froin the first moment of their conversation a horrible misgiving had come over me. It secmed more than confirmed as I gazed .at what lay before me. It was a little square box made of,somo dark wood, andribbed with brass, I suppose it was about the' size of a cubic foot. It reminded me of a pistol- case, only it was decidedly higher. Tlherewas an appendage to it, hodvwver, on which my eyes were riveted, and which suggested the pistol itself rather than its receptacle. This was a trigger.-like arrahgerdcnt upon the lid, to which a coil of string was attached. Beside this trigger there was a small-square aperture through the wood.' The tall man,Flannigan, as his companion called him, applied his eyp to thii and peered in for several minutes with an expression of intense anxiety upon his face. - I "It seems right enough," he said at last, " I tried not to'shake it," said his compan ion. "Such delicate' things need delicate treat mont. ' Put in some of the needful, Muller." The shorter man fumbled in his pocket for some time, and then produced a small paper packet. He opened this, and took out of it half a handful of whitish granules, which his poured down through the hole. A curious clicking noise followed from the inside of the box, and both the men osimiled in, a satisfied way. - - - • " "Nothing muelh wrong ther " said Flanni gan. "llight as a trivet," answered his coompan ion. - " Look out I hero's some one coming. Take it down to our berth.; It wouldn't do to hav any, one suspecting what :our game is; or, worse still, have them fumbling with it, and letting it off by mistake."- . - ' Well, it would come to the sinmeo; hoever let it off," said Muller. :'- - "They'd be rather astonished if they pulled lthe trigger," said the- taller, with a 'sinister laugh. :"Ha, hal fancy their faces I It's not a bad bit of workmbsiship, 'Iflatter myself." \- "No," said Muller. - !'I hear it is your own design, every bit of it, isn't it?" ."Yes, the spring and the sliding shutter are my own-" "We should take outs patent." And the two men laughed again with a cold harsh laugh, is they took up the little brass-bound package, and concealed it in Muller's volumi nous overcoat. . S' Come down, and we'll stow it in ourberth," said Flannigan; " We won't need it until to night, and it will be safe there." His companion assented, and the two' went" arm-in.arnm alofig the deck and disappeared down the hatchlway, bearing the mysterious little box away with tshem. The last words I heard wer a muttered injunction from Flanni gaon to carry it carefully, and avoid knocking it against tho bulwarks. How long I remained sitting on that coil of rope I shall never lmnow. The horror of the conversation I had just overhoard twe Rggra. vated by the first sinking qualms of sea-sick nees. The long roll of the Atlantic was be ginning to assert itself oval both ship and pssengers. I felt prostrated in mind and in bdyand fell into a state of collapsoe, from wlicl I was finally aroused by the hearty voie of our wortly'quartermanster. "Do you mind moving out of that air, he said. "We wantto get this lumber cleared off the deck." .., - , His bluff manner anmid riuddy healthll face shnma?d tolbe a positive' insult to me in my present condition. Had Tbeeoi a courageous or a museular man I could have' struck him.s As ituwas, Itreatedtho honest sailor to a moelodramatid scowl which seemed to cause him no small astonishment, and strode'past him to the other side of the deck.'. SBlitudo was what I wanted- solitudoein" whiclI could brood over the frightful' crime which, was being hatched before, my very eyes. 'One of the quarter' boats was hanging rather low down upon' the davits; 'An idea struck me, and, climbing dn the bulwarks, I stepped into .the empty boat and' lay down. in the bottom of it. Stretched on my back,. with nothing but the bliue sky above me, andan occasional view of the mizen- as the vessel iolled, I: was at least "alone with my" sickness 'and my thoughts: : , .:. . I tried to recall the words which had been spoken in the terrible dialogue I had' over heard: Would they admit of any construe tionnbut the one which stared me in the face? oMy reason' forced me' to confess that they would.not.' I endeavored to array tho various facts which fdrmed the chain of circumstan 'tial evidence, and to-find a flaw in it; but no, not aolinkr Lwas missing. :There 'was the strango' wayin -which our passengers had come laboard, enablin - them to' evade any eixamination of their luggege. The very name' of ' Flannigan' smacked of 'Fonianism, while * Lfuller''suggested nothing but Socialism and murder. Then 'their mysterious manner; tlheir remark that their plans would have been ruined, had they missed the ship; their fear of' being observed; last but not least, thec clenching evidence in the production of the little square box with the trigger, and their grim joke about the face of the man who should lot it off by mistake,-could these facts lead to any dn- . elusion other than that they were the des porate emissaries of. some body, political or otherwise, and' intended to sacrifice them-' selves, their:fellow-paissengers, and the ship, in one great holocaust ? The whitish granules which I had. sen one of them pour into the boxt formed no doubt a fuse or train for ex ploding it. I had :myself heard a sound come from it 'which' might hwvo.emanated from some delicate piece of machinery. But. what 'did they mean by their allusionto to night.? Could it be that they contemplated putting their horrible design into' execution on the very first evening of our voyage? The mere thought of it sent a cold. shudder over me;, and made me for a moment superior oven to the agonies of sea-sickness. I have renmarked .tliat I. am a physical coward: I am a moral one also. It is seldom that the two defects are united to such a degree in the one character. Ihave knownmany nren who were most sensitive to bodily danger, and yet were distinguished for the indepen dencoiannd strength of theirminds. 'In my own case, however, 'I regret to say. that my. quiet and retiring habits had fostered a.nervous dread of doing anything .remarkable or making myself conspicuous, which exceeded, if possible, my fear. of personal peril. .An ordinary mortal placed under the circum stances in which I-now found myself would have gone at once to the captain, confessed his fears, and put the matter into his hands.' To me, however, constituted as I am, the idea was most repugnant. The thought. of be coming the' observed of all observers, cross questioned by a' stranger, and,, confronted with two desperate conspirators in the aha racter of a denouncer, was hateful, to 'me. blight 'it not by some remote possibility prove that I was mistaken ?. What would be my feelings if there should turn out to 'be no grounds for my' accusation ?. No, .I would procrastinato; I would keep my eye on the. two desperadoes and dog them at every turn. Anything was better than the possibility ol-- being wrong. Then 'it struck e me: that. oven at that moment some new phase of the conspiracy might be developing itself. The nervous ex citement seemed to have driven away my in cipient attack of sickness, for I was able to stand up and lower myself from the boat without experiencing any return of it. I staggered along the deck with the intention of descending into the cabin, and finding how my acquaintances of the morning were occu pying themsoelves. Just as I had my'hand on the companion-rail, I was astonished by re ceiving 'a hearty slap on- the back,, which nearly shottne down the steps with more haste than dignity. "Is that you, Hammond?" said, a voice which I seemed to recognise. " God bless me," I said as I' turned round, "it can't be Dick Moerton . Why, how are you, old man?" 'This was an unexpecte& piece of lui: in the midst of my perplexities. Dick w'as just the m'n I wanted; kindly and shrewd in his niature,.and prompt-in his 'actions, I, should have no difliculty in telling him my sus picions, and could rely upon his sound sense to point out the best course to pursue. Since. I was a' little, lad in the second form at Harrow, Dick had beel, my adviser .and pro tector. He saw a'glanco that something had gone wrong with me. "Hullo " he said,,. in his kindly' way, "what's' put you about, Hammond ? You. look as white as a sheet. -al de suer, oh ?" "No, not that altogether," said I. " Walk up and down.with me, Dick; I want to speak to you.: Give me your arm." Supporting. myself on Dick's stalwart frame, I tottered 'along by his side; but it was dome time before I could muster resolu tion to speak.' '' "Have a cigar," said 'ho, breaking the silence. "" N thanks," said I. "Dick, we shall be all corpses to-night." "That's no reason agaiist your having a cigar now," said Dick, in his cool way, but looking hard at me from under his shaggy oyobrows as he spoke. le evidently thought that my intellect was a little gone. ' No," I' continued,+ "it s no laughing matter; and I speak in sober earnest, I assure you.J I have-disiovered an infamous con pitracy, Dick; to destroythis ship and every soul thats' is"n her;"' and I then proceeded systematically and in order, to lay before him the chain of evidence which I had collected. T There, Dick," I said, as I concluded, "what do you think of ;that? and, above all,. what amitodo?" To my astonishment he buist into a hearty fit of laughter. . ' \- "I'd be. frightened,".'le said,." lif any fellow but you had told me asmuch. ,You always had a'way;'Hammond, of discovering mare's nests. 'I like to see the old traits breaking ' ct again.' Do you remember at school how you swore there' was a ghost in' the long room,' and how it turned out to be your own reflection, in the mirror ? 'Why, man," he continued, "what object would any one have in' destroying this ship?" We hays no great political 'guns 'a-board. On tho contrary, the majority of the pnssegers am Americans. Besides rn tle sober nineteenth century, the most wholesale murderers stop at including themselves among their victims. Depend upon it, you hIave misunderstobd them, and have mistaken a photographio camera or something equally inrocent, for an infernal machine." Nothing ef the sort, sir," said I rather touchily, "You will learn to your cost, I fear, that I have neither cexaggcrated nor mis interpreted a word. As to the box, I have certainly never before seen one like it. It contained delicate machinery; of that I am convinced, from the way in which the men handled it and spoke of it. . • " "YYou'd make out every prcket ofporishabIe goods to be a torpedo," said Dick, "li that is to be your only test.". "The man's nense was Flannigan," I eon. tinued, (Corclrded in oar snextr 