'HovcliSt. GRIT. A Story of the Fast and Present ; of Ordi ' nary men and ttrmm^ary *^Mnfrsl jn Ordi nary language, BY DONALD CAMERON.^ ATJTHOB OF ' IN THE FOLDS OF THE SEBPEKT,' ' BILTEEWATEK - BBilBF,**'iBXC. 'Be sure thy sin ipJl find 1hee:ouL' .. ' -.- - :- v -: '\ . -^—s e :-: ^ ?* :3 ^ ^ ?.'.., Jtsfeabeatiiifal*elief: ? :* -\ ^ i V ?- -?;?; That* ever round put head ' * [', .-, ' . Ai^fthovenig on angel irings, ~ The spirits of the dead. '?':?; \ . CHAPTER V. — (contikced). 'Then you won't do it. again,' said Jack; and he let out his fist, and, with one blow, considerably damaged QbadiahVlbng sancti monious nose. Another hit decidedly inter fered with Obadiah's optical powers. That worthy did not make much of an attempt to rejoin ; he did wildly nourish fois hands in a clawing fashion at first, but the second blow made him think a masterly retreat expedient, ' and away he ran, with Spot . at his heels. \- There was a little puddle a bit ahead, and into this, in his blind fright, Obadiah fell, emerging covered with mud. But his terror would not allow him to stop, and away lie scudded, while Jack and Bertha fairly laughed until the tears ran from their eyes. Perhaps, had they seen Obadiah's evilface when he was a safe distance off, they might have felt inclined to iear instead of laughing. Bertha explained to Jack that she had come out to bring home the two goats her mother kept when the storm began to gather, and that she had met 'with Obadiah, who had began to tease her, and tried to snatch a Mss. Jack helped Bertha home with the goats,, which was an easy matter, as Spot and Lassy took charge of them, glad of once more having charge 6f somethingi affliocgh Lassy was a little jealous of Spot, and showed her teeth once or twice when he became too officious. ?Night had gathered, when they got to . Bertha's place, and already drops, forerunners of the great storm, began to fall. Jack hurried home. It was all in darkness. He found his mother lying on the bed, moaning. When he came np, she folded him to her breast, and began to weep bitterly. 'Jack, dear Jack,' she said plaintively; 'he's been home and beat me. I went to take him away from the meeting, and he was cross. But I was wrong at the time. You know, Jack.' You know! Poor Janet, what meaning she threw into these simple words. Jack's heart beat fast, and the blood of early manhood rushed through his veins. He almost felt strong enough to punish the man who had dared to raise his Imnd to his ? mother. What if she had erred, was she not his mother? Tears, indignant tears, came into his eyes', and he wept bitterly. 'God bless you, Jack; God bless you,' said the poor woman. 'Oh! how I have gone astray — how I have gone astray ! Was this what my mother taught me, Jack? No, no, no.' And she moaned in a manner that -went straight to the boy's heart.. ' He grieved to see her take on so, - ? -.-. .,- 'Cheer np, dear , mother ; *h|e£ tip,' he said. ' Fm strong enough giew,7' and; I'll. work for you very^harff, 5nd .y&u;:;can leave that man.'' . '* * ? ; ' :' :. But she shook her head, and moaned. The thunder now began to roar, the lightning to tear across* the gloomy heavens, and the wind to moan around the dwelling. Then came-the deluge of rain, pouring down as if from an' ocean overhead. And in that terrible storm the mother and son sat together. At last a lull came. Jack stepped to the door, and looked out. The clouds were scudding away, and here and there patches of blue sky were to be seen. The moon, which ?was in her last quarter, occasionally peeped out to reveal a sodden world, 'and a great flood of yellow waters tumbling down Gritty Gully, overturning in its wrath all that man had done there. ' Fll go out, mother,' said Jack. ' I want to see what damage the flood's done. Look at all the men gathered about to save their claims. It's very exciting.' ' * 'Jack,' said poor Janet, 'forgive your ' poor mother for what she's done. I have been so bad, so bad. Good, Lord, look down from' heaven and pity me. O! mother, mother, if you saw me now !' ' Don't take on so, dear mother,' said Jack. ' I'll be back soon.' ' H you never see me again, don't forget your mother,' said Janet. ' Jack, if I die, I will come back and watch over. you. I have not done what is right, and I must watch over you, dear Jack.' ' Don't talk of dying, dear mother,' said the boy. ' All will be right in -time.' By the pale light of the moon Jack saw his mother's face. It was ghastly, drawn in with mental agony, and the large eyes were very mournful. He felt his heart breaking. She kissed him passionately, and folded him to her breast. Then Jack went out. He never saw her alive again. CHAPTER YI. How glad Jack' felt when he got out into the freshened air. Youth is always buoyant and desires to shake oB melancholy feelings. Jack did feel troubled about his mother ; but then he had been accustomed to these scenes, I and he felt sure that it would all blow over as usuaL Still the terrible face he had just seen haunted his mind, and arose every now And then like a spectre -from the dead. The life and bustle around Jack, however, soon dissipated, all suchjthougb.ts. . - , - -Jfen hurried .too and iro; In Gritty Gully, J.3tryasg to ascertain the damage done by the Xw^ejca jvbirih istfll tumbled down, foaming ; ^nd-^asljng. ;--3Jjhose whjj Jh^ iflainis in the '.:' ^b«t;J£* the creek looked particularly rueful ; :: ^StCT to-wfl^;& all agreed on one thing — that the event should be cele brated with some liquor. Those whose claims had been 'swamped, declared they must have something to raise their spirits ; while those who had dry claims, and looked forward to being able to rapidly reduce their heaps of washdirt to piles of gold dust, ' shouted' energetically. Therefore, the landlords reaped quite a harvest. The principal street was swamped in water, it is true ; but, since there- were so many people ready to keep it out by imbibing brandy, what about that ? So all the hotels remained open, displaying as much light -as they possibly could in those godless, keroseneless days. There was some law that hotels should be closed at a reasonable hour; but, as all the available constabulary were_Jying in the back parlor of the Garryowen Hotel — (a weatherboard and tin structure, thought quite a palace), -exhausted after their day's labour — a mild way of putting it — and the commissioner and some confreres were playing euchre in the select parlor — there was no one to see the law put in force. Jack, after paddling-jabout in the water with all the excitement a youth feels when anything fresh turns up, thought he would look in at the ,Garrybwen, to see what .fun was going on. The bar, was crowded; and behind it stood the landlord, Mick Byan, and his handmaiden, . Prudence,, smiling, of course. A tremor, went through Jack's frame as he notieed that Hector, stood in front of the bar, talking to her. How 'sweetly she spoke to him, arid what a slave to her he appeared to be. Jack's fists began to clench, and he felt as if he could go up to Hector and fell Mm to the ground. Jack noticed that his father came up to. to Hector, and began to hold animated con versation with him. ? Presently Bunaknm!: jumped on to a form. Instantly the crowA-' left/off drinking, talking, and emoking.*' -y ; U' Miners' of Grit,' sried 3Stinafeims,''lhe ' time has *ome''and the man. Let as all adjourn to the large room, and hold a' public meeting, *at which (measures' will be ? pror ponderated} to' you for the redress of your grievances. Come 1 miners of Grit, come 1' A stampede at once took place, and, of course, Jack was not to. be left behind. Before many minutes an impromtu platform had been got up at the end of the large room, and a table fixed, whereon was a decanter of brandy and a bottle of water. Mr. White, Bertha's father, took the chair, and, after a few remarks, introduced then- old and esteemed friend, Mr. Bunakum. (Cheers.) Surveying the strange assemblage, Bona knm threw himself into an attitude, and delivered the following oration — pausing fre quently to have a?sip,. forgetting always to have anything to do with the water-bottle: — 'Miners of Grit,' said he, 'the honest, hard-working worm will walk in the dust, attending to its duties, and for a time heed not the tramping of the proud oppressor, that spurns it with 'his foot. But only for a time' {a nip). ' Only for a time. Then it will turn and sting; and the tyrant will be laid low.' (Great cheers.) ' Miners of Grit, yon are the worm, the proud tyrant the commis sioner.' (Immense applause. Several chairs smashed.) ' For months he has been tramp ing upon you, extorting from you license-fees. For what ? To save you from the flood ? To cover you from the sun ? To protect you from rapacity? No! To dine luxuriously every day in his cool arbor on the hilL' (Terrific -applause.) ^ But the Worm- Will -turn, and the time has come. He saw the clouds and the rain coming; but, did he save your property ? No!' (Deafening cheers.) ' He allowed the -hard work of months to be swept away like the dust off his well polished boots. Who. uses a toothbrush ? Who wears a stove-pipe hat, and a boiled shirt ?' (Cheers and counter cheers.) ' You, who have lived on the Pacific Slope, in the great land of California, wfll you stand it? No! Nero, gentlemen, fiddled when Borne was burning. The com missioner played euchre while Gritty Gully was destroying our work' -$Ie laid great emphasis on our, as if he were the hardest worker there.) ' You will cry, ? Lead us to death and victory !' How, gentlemen ? You must be cautious how you proceed. You have a subtle enemy. I will jtell^you how to meet the foe.' (A long draught.) 'Establish a paper.' (Cheers, counter cheers, and frantic destruction of furniture. The speaker could not proceed for ten minutes. Cries of ' That's the idea,' &c.;, &c.;, resounding through the room.) ' Establish-a paper. Subscribe, sub scribe ! A powerful pen is at your disposal. Hector Macinnis' — (Tremendous cheering) — ' is known to you all. TTi« pen in the great Melbourne journal has often done you good service. Give it archance in a local paper.' (Franticapplause.) 'My humble self' — (great cheering) — 'will help to make the Gritty Gully Trumpet respected throughout the land.' (Cheers, and some ' Ohs !') ' I move that a journal, to be called the Gritty GtMy Trumpet, be at once established ; : Mr. Ma^*'Trfe being editor, and myself, manager!'' - ~ 2, ?; --? ' ? Bunakum now sat down amidst thunders' of applause. Several enthusiastic admirers at once rushed-to him with brandy bottles. - Mr. Obadiah Sweetcomfort, sen., rose to second the motion ; and it was put and carried ncm. con,, amidst cheers and reiterated cheers ; with groans for the commissioner, and cries of 'Lynch him!' Whereupon several Cali fornians at once drew their bowie-knives. Bunakum jumped up, however, at once, and cried out, ' Down with the dust, gentle men ! Give us life at once. I have given £10 myself' — (whence came the £10?), — 'Mr. White, £10, and Mr. Sweetcomfort, £10. Subscribe 1' And they did. One after the other went up' to the platform, and, ere. the vote of thanks to the chairman was passed, £500 had been collected by Bunakum. Hector Macmnis, however, -knowing where the money would go if in that worthy's hands, quietly tqpk it as treasurer. Little did the men who, at the bidding of Bunakum, founded that journal that evening, ''guess the great result that would accrue — the hghts and shadows it would cause ! The meeting over, there was once more a rush to the bar. Jack saw that Hector at once made up to Prudence, and that she neglected the thirsty customers to listen to him, 'Prudence, dear Prudence,' Jack heard . him sav. amidst the din. ' I am now able to offer you a home. Be mine, dearest — mine for ever.' She blushed, and allowed him to take her hand. ' She will not be in the way,' Jack heard her say. How the boy's blood boiled. He knew who was referred to. The agonised face he had seen so lately haunted him again. 'No, no,' replied Hector; 'I have done with her for ever. Never speak of her again.' CHAPTER WI. Jack rushed out of the hotel. He would stand no more of this. With his blood at fever heat, he splashed away up and down the township, heedless of where he was going, trying to calm his mind. What could he, a mere boy, do ? Gradually the diggers became quiet. The men who were able to get to their tents staggered thither through mud and mire, telling about the new paper; while those who had fallen in the battle, slumbered in the wet bars, gathering rheumatism wherewith to be tormented hereafter. The fleecy clouds ^-were scouring along, per mitting glimpses of -a sky, clear and blue as lapis lazuli, and Jspotted with stars, like the mantle of a great 'king, ?? Beneath, the waters were rushing ana«roaring, but gradually sub siding. Jack walked up and down by the side of the creek, watching, with the pleasure a boy ever derives from such a sight, the play of the current as it swept by. He had got to where a little bridge had been erected, when he heard a sort of stifled cry, and, in a second, a dark body floated by him in the water. Jack was a splendid swimmer, and he at once jumped in to save the drowning person. He found the stream very strong, but, carefully striking out with it, he was soon able to reach the drowning man, who was wildly clutching at the sticks that were careering on the water, and caught Viim by the hair. The drowning man, however, made wild attempts to catch hold of Jack; and it needed all the latter's ingenuity to prevent this, or, of course, it would have sealed, the doom of both. Getting into a by current, Jack managed to reach the boat. When he hauled his flotsam on the bank he discovered he had saved none other than his own father — the great Bunakum. Not much damage had been done, as the clothes of each had rather benefitted by im mersion. ' Hallo, old man, is that you ?' said Jack. 'Yes, it's me,' said Bunakum, disgorging some water, and indulging in a general shake. 'I was crossing the bridge when it broke down. The commissioner, knowing I was going to cross, no doubt, had it sawn hi two.' \- *f.Now, tell the truth,' said Jack. ' Wasn't you gone?' 'No, Jack,' replied Bunakum. 'Nothing crossed, my lips this day, except a drop of brandy I took when I was speaking at the Garryowen. Jack you've, saved your father, and I'll do great' things for you. I'm toi be manager of the new paper, my boy.' 'And, general rum drinker,' said Jack, very undutifully. 'But, look here, old man, don't you talk to me., I'm almost sorry, I df aggedz^ou put. It was clear .waste of tima . J-j^lieve^suchvas yon/'are~hetfer out 61 £he ; world. 'Iiook here! What have you done %o 'my mother?' ' What has she done to me?' saidBunakum, ' After I'd kept her decently for years, didn't she—' 'Shut upl' cried Jack, in a voice that struck terror into the soul of Bunakum. 'Haven't you ruined her? She, who kept your worthless life together; who was so good and patient. She, who was an angel to both of us. She would have starved for you. And I, lazy .bulk that I am, I even lived on lier earnings. Oh ! I feel as if I could jump into the gully arid drown nryself, when I think of it. But, I'll be different after this. I'll keep her com fortable. And don't you show your ugly, face round, nor come palavering about. I'm ashamed to think you're my father. And, when, such as me's ashamed, things are very crooked. Clear out.' And Jack walked away, his heart filled with loathing. 'Don't go like that, Jack?' said Buna kum, in a whining tone. ' Don't leave your poor father shivering here. You.haven't half a-crown about you ? Tuudying for -something to stop the thirst.' 'Plenty of water in the creek,' retorted Jack, without looking round. ' You'd better look after your mother,' said Bunakum, with a sneer. ' H she carries on the way she is going, Hector Macinnis '11 settle her, my fine boy.' . ? 9 ' He had better leave her alone,' said Jack, shutting his teeth firmly. ' What an undutiful child,' said Bunakum; -'to -leave me, as is bis own- father — me, as reared him and worked for him !' ' What are you doing there, old' blowhard ?' said a voice ; and Bunakum. beheld one of his confreres. 'Dying,' solemnly replied the veteran. ' Dying. And my own son wouldn't bury me, nor revenge my death on the fell tyrant who caused the bridge to be broken.' ' Dyin' isn't-pleasant just now,' said the digger- ' Hadn't you better get -up and have a nip?' ' Thank you, kind friend,' said Bunakum, getting up with considerable alacrity. ' Eepre sentative of the generous men of Grit, you haven't any small change about you ? I must get new clothes.' ' I have nothing smaller than a sovereign.' ' That will do,' said. Bunakum, pocketing the coin. ' I'll pay you back in theniorning.' And the two made off to the nearest hotel. Jack had dragged Bunakum out . on the main street, so that he was separated from his home. But he did not care for that ; he did not desire to go home that niglJt. He would return when the bright sun of another day had risen in the heavens, and his mother would have recovered. Then all would be well. He began to settle in his mind how to act in future. He would take up a claim with one of his mates, make money, would have a . nice place for his mother, and no doubt, a fortune in time. Then he would 'go down and live in Melbourne, and become a great gentle man. He would triumph over young Obadiah, Sweetcomfort, and break his head at parting. 'Wouldn't he astonish all his acquaintances, and make them, respect his ' mother. And, perhaps he would ask Bertha to become bis wife; although at the time, Jack had no very clear ideas as to what getting married entailed. At all events, he would not quarrel with her ; — they would live a happy life. . Poor dreamer! Little can'st thou foresee what the future thou thinkest so pleasant will . be. But do we not all dream, as Jack did?. And is it not well that we should ? Is it not a mercy that the dark clouds of the future are hidden from view by a silver veil of our own weaving? ' Slow pass our days In childhood. And the hours of light are long Betwixt the morn ancLeve. With swifter lapse They glide in manhood; and hi age they fly Till days and seasons flit before the mind, As flit the snowflakes in a winter's storm — Seen rather than distinguished.' ' Sternal love doth keep In his complacent arms, the earth, the ah', the deep.' CHAPTEE Vm. Jack journeyed on to his favourite hill of Grit. There he gazed upon the panorama that the moon revealed — the lights and shadows — and heard the distant sound of ? rushing waters. Young as he was, came the reniemberance of a few years back, when this place was all in solitude^ — when a forest covered the billR of Grit, and the only li ving beings were Bertha and himself, and then dogs and flocks of sheep. What change would he see here hi another few years ? He was too uneducated to apply the words of Bryant to the scene — 'The clouds Sweep over with the shadows, and beneath The surface rolls and fluctuates to the eye. Dark hollows seen to glide along and chase The moonlit ridges.' Sitting again beneath his favorite tree, Jack began weaving dreams of the future. Gradually the scene began to fade. His eyes closed in sleep, and, leaning against the tree, he slumbered peacefully, notwithstanding his wet clothes. Blessed sleep! Thou com'st unbidden to the young, but flee'st from the aged and careworn, though wooed on beds of down ! ''??-? ' Sleeping peacefully, in the shadow of the tree, unconscious of pain and sorrow, Jack heeded not the change that came over nature. The clouds passed away, and the moon shone bright and clear in the intensely blue sky. Peace fell where there had been such wild commotion — peace like that of eternity! This sleep at first was a perfect blank. No images flitted across his brain. But gradually there ' appeared as' if thepe were an intensely black veil in frontal binv which was lifted now and then, revealing bis mother's agony stricken face. JChen, Uie veil was slowly lifted, the sad faoeiadedaVay, and the land scape remained just as it was ere the great flood of humanity had changed its fair features. His flock was feeding by bis side, and Spot snapping at the flies as of old. ? There was no sun, however ; only a golden light appeared to come from the east. Was it dawn? It must be. Dawn ever was of that delicious, glorious, golden tint. In expectancy he looked towards the east, and his glance was rewarded by the appearance of a beautiful face — from whence came the golden aureola. Bright amber hair fell down from the fast emerging head, like the glory around a saint. Slowly the figure rose until it assumed the form of a beautiful female, clad in gossamer gold, with pearls and diamonds sparkling like stars in her vesture. Then the figure glided to his side, and, hovering near him, smiled sweetly. Who was this beautiful, but awful being ? He had never seen aught human that resembled her. j; Bertha was beautiful; but this being was too spiritucUe to be of tjiis this world. He felt awe-stricken in her pre sence. She must be one of the angels his mother spoke of sometimes. She spoke not, but lightly touched the ground beneath his feet. It slowly opened until a great fissure, extending, it seemed to him, for miles, resulted. Then he saw that in the centre of this there was a wall of white rock. He had seen a substance like it, and reinembsred theiminers called it quartz. The strange being touched it', arid at once there issued from it streams of ;goiden'light. By that light he saw streaks of gold permeating the .lovely wliite stone. There were also specs of a bright blue metal, which he did not know.' Then a voice came from the .beautiful unknown— a voice rippling wj.th music.; '; , ' -, *' Yoarsr^ihe shining reef . * Bemember.' ? :3?he '.tfisjon faded fast from his view, and was followed by a dead blank, succeeded by a gloom so intense that it pained his eyes. A great horror, a fearful chill, came upon 1iimJ as he gazed into the ebon darkness. In this, as if illuminated by a lurid light, appeared the face of his mother, now livid and dis torted, and gazing upon him as if striving to speak. He strove to wake himself . A terrible shriek appeared to echo through, the air, and he awoke. The moon was shining peacefully on the quiet scene ; the roar of the waters had sub sided, and there was peace. ?; What was this ? Spot, whom he had left at home, stood near him, whining and scratching with his feet, and licking his hands. Something was wrong. The dog gave a short, joyous bark when his master awoke ; and prepared at once to go. Jack rubbed his eyes, and got up. He felt somewhat stiff, sore, and cold. He thought, therefore, the best thing would be to go home. Yet, as he went down the hill, he could not but think of the strange dream he had had. He looked carefully at the ground, and saw that it was exactly in its usual condition. He could -not help smiling at his own strange fancies. CHAPTEE IX. Jack walked down to the valley. The flood had now completely subsided. The flat was sloppy and wet, it is true ; but nature had been so completely revived that these slight disadvantages were compensated by the generally improved appearance of every thm~g.ln'tfie*soft-:Ugut of. the moon. Jack felt little inclination to go to sleep now ; the air was so pure and buoyant, that it infused fresh life into him. But Spot's eager whines attracted bis attention, and caused him to wonder. Had anything wrong taken place at home? . . What did the dumb animal mean by his half-human appeals? Jack, in response to his eager looks, crossed the creek, and went to the tent which he called home. There Spot became greatly excited, wagged bis tail, jumped on his master, and uttered sundry sharp, angry barks. The door of the tent was open, and the moon shone into it. The boy looked, and saw his mother lying asleep in the same place where he had left her. In the moonlight her face looked terribly ghastly,1 and Jack turned away with a shudder. What good would it do him to enter . and awaken her. He turned away, anxious to spare himself the torture he knew would result, and walked up the township, which was now wrapped in slumber, regard less of . the demonstrations of Spot, who appeared to have absolutely lost his senses. ' Get out, you old fool,' said Jack, thrust iny the dog away from him. ' You've got the distemper, I think. I'll give you such a hammering as you never had, except on that day you stole Bertha's dinner, if you go on in this;way.' %Spot slunk away behind, in a very melan choly mood ; no doubt arguing in his simple mind that he was laboring under a delusion, and that his master- was right. ' Just as Jack was walking past the Garry owen, Spot gave a spiteful bark, and rushed upon a man who had emerged from that hostelry; accompanied by-another. Jack saw it ?' was Bunakum. He stared at him with great surprise. The man absolutely looked white with terror, and gazed on hvm as if horror-stricken. Jack set it down to fear of the dog. ? : ' ? ' 'Shut up, Spot!' he cried. 'Don't you know him? He deserves barking at; but you'd better leave him alone. Why, you needn't be frightened of Spot.' ' Is that you, Jack?' said Bunakum, in a tremulous voice, which, of course, his son set down to drink. 'Keep your dog off, will you? He's mad.' Behind Bunakum were two men whom Jack recognised as Hector Macinnis and the district coroner — a gentleman, who sought Bacchus to enable him to discharge his Rhadamanthean duties. Dr. Bouse was one of the greatest Ion vivants and most unjust judges in the world. An invitation to drink would suffice to turn the scales of justice with 'him at any moment. But Jack paid little attention to him. The aspect of Hector was a case for more surprise. That man was equally pale as Bunakum. Jack wondered what all this meant. All the time Spot kept snarling and sniffing around, like a demented animal. ' Get out of that, you young rascal !' cried Dr. Rouse, lifting his cane, 'or I'll have you committed as a night prowler and vagabond.' 'Prowling round, to see what he can lay hold of, no doubt,' .said Hector. ' All these boys ought to be token up.' ' I declare the cold's got completely into me,' said Bunakum. ' I can't think of going home.' {Wherethat home was, no one knew). ' Let's go in again, and have something to put life into us.' 'Yes.yes!' said Hector, hurriedly. 'We can have a quiet game of euchre till daybreak.' 'Hurrah!' said Dr. Rouse. 'Just the thing. I don't see the good of going to bed to-night.' And the trio turned back into the Garry owen, where the sleepy landlord was still dis pensing elixir vitas to those of his customers who had not succumbed. Jack walked up to the end of the street, and then turned to go home. The east was already showing signs of the dawn — brighten- ing, not with the glorious golden effulgence he had seen in his dream, but with a cold grey light that made one shiver. Dawn on Gritty Gully. ? . ,? Achilly light,growing£trpnger-and stronger, filled the eastern sky; aiMjihe : moon began to pale gradually, while ihe.iejw stars tliat were still visible glimmered ^mintijy. Shreds of clouds flitted across the sky, changed, as they neared the light of dawni into a sombre gray. :?V-\\. ?''': Beneath was the damp earth — its outlines shadowed in the crosslights of the east and the west. Already, the birds were preparing to catch the early worm ; the laughing jackass uttered his discordant cu-cu-ca-coo-coo-coo ; and the magpie filled the woods with his musical trill ; while the smaller birds twittered and shook off the damp. Here and there a stray bat, or mopoke, that had kept late hours, fluttered uneasily, anxious to get back to- its hole in some tree ; but, like biped revellers who stay out late, their eyesight was at fault, and thus had to seek a resting-place wherever they could. In the grey light of the dawn Jack sought his home.-' : The locality was very quiet. Not a soul was stirring. Even the dogs lay asleep in front of the tents. Jack entered quietly ; but the first glance at his mother made him start back horror stricken. He had never seen anything like this before. Her face was purple and distorted — contracted,— and the eyes stared out in a fearful manner. She was lying on the sofa, her clothes disordered, ' arid her limbs drawn up as though in terrible agony. What was it? Death ! ? He knew it. He had never seen a dead body; but the awful face before him told too powerfully of the great enemy. Death — a horrible death ! Her bands were clenched firmly ; her form drawn up as if a great struggle had taken place when life was departing. The boy gazed on the still, form of his mother until his eyes rivalled tliose of the dead, starting with horror. Then, with a great cry, he rushed out, and, opening the dodrlif^he next tent, cried out : ''' ''Mother's dead'! 'Mother's dead !' Two young men were sleeping together in a rude bed made of leaves and grass. They turned round sleepily; and one, with an expletive, asked what was the matter. ' Mother ! Mother !' said the terrified boy. 'Why, Jack, is that you?' cried one of the young fellows, sitting up in bed. ' What's the matter ? You lpok like a ghost.' ' O ! Mother, mother !' cried Jack, recog nising in the speaker the .young fellow who had so Idndly assisted him to separate the flocks on the day they had got boxed. ' Mother's dead ! Mother's dead !' In his excitement he had entirely forgotten ?that tiie young fellow had been his neighbour for some time. In the condition of his mind now, it is impossible to describe the feeling of relief he experienced when he recollected this, and found a friend so near. 'Dead !' said the young man. ' Why, I saw her last evening, all right. 'Poor, Jack !' he continued, gazing upon the boy with compassion ; ' Your troubles have come early. Get up, sleepyhead, can't you ? Here's something dreadful taken place.' The .other youth turned round sleepily. ' Bother you, old chum. Don't wake me. I was in such a fine sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000.' Springing up, the young man who had compassionated Jack, jumped into nisclotnes and accompanied the boy to . his tent. The other youth, after looking round sleepily, turned around and went into the land of dreams. The young man looked carefully at the corpse. Going up close to it he, too, seemed horrified. He came back to Jack, and, taking his arm, said, in a low, terrified voice : . 'Jack, your .mother has -been murdered. On her neck are the distinct marks of four fingers and a thumb. She has been choked to death!' CHAPTEE X. 'Tis only a worthless weight of clay, From which life's spark has passed away. Mingle it with its native dust, From light and memory ever thrust. Stay ! Though a thousand miles below The coffin and its inmate go, The memory of tlie child of woe, Will linger like the light of day, Till we as well shall pass away. JVnen evening comes, and weary care A moment disappears, Her face will haunt us still, and wear The smile of other years. The sun had barely had time to have a good look at Gritty Gully, and to note its' altered appearance, when groups began to collect around the tent where the ghastly corpse of poor Janet lay. After all that has been said and written of the lawlessness of the time about which we write, crime was really rare. A better class of men had come to the Victorian gold-fields, than the wild desperadoes who had invaded the golden land of California. Those who have lived on the early gold-fields, can ^afford to smile at the ingenious lies circu lated by gentlemen who would make it appear that they passed through wondrous adventures. To a great degree, in those times, the diggers were the pick of every country. Young and handsome honest fellows, with the lessons of their mothers still strong in their minds, intent only on amassing a competency with which to make tlie last days of their parents easy, or- to enable them to wed some dearly beloved- one in 'distant lands, were in the majority. The -rueanj the depraved, were not to be found. People were so lavish-with what they earned that the incentives to crime were few, and poverty was' unknown. Gambling there was, and immorality; but neither of these vices ever reached the height they did in California, as the soil was not suited to them. Indeed a desperado, or ' Calfomian,' was soon hunted off -a diggings — the majority of the people zealously guarded against the admission of black sheep. The occurrence, therefore, of a murder in the community of Grit, was something, so unusual, so fraught with interest, that it seemed as if no one would do a stroke of work that day. The bars were crowded early; and the hotelkeepers smiled as they reflected on the probability of a splendid business. The diggers, like all hard workers, liked a holiday, and took every occasion to have one. What better chance than this, when two great events followed each other so quickly — a flood and a murder. People talked in whispers about the horrid deed. ' They said all sorts of strange things, and many of them hinted that they knew a lot about the matter. On being closely pressed they, with commendable wisdom, declared it would not do to tell. A time would come, Sea., &c.; There lay the last of poor Janet, stark in the growing sunlight ?, the eyes that were wont to beam with joy gleaming with unearthly light ; the hands, generally, busy at that hour, clutched together, never to open. Men looked in upon the dead face, and then withdrew their gaze with a dread shudder. Two police men kept guard, and excited the commisera tion of the crowd at their onerous and dis agreeable task to such an extent that bottles, containing something stronger than water, were lifted to their lips every few minutes. Amongst the crowd was the Irishwoman who had so warmly taken poor Janet's part the day before ; and this worthy lady, fore most in giving refreshment to the policemen, was loud in her denunciations of Bunakum, whom she declared to be the cause of every thing, regretting forcibly that the flood had not carried him with it the nightr before. She hinted that he could have been better spared than sundry tents, cradles, and Hi bernian live stock — her property — which had been carried down the gully during the night. And with her the majority of the audience agreed, although a few stuck up for the man of many words, stating that Ms failings were of the head, not of the heart ; and to which the Irishwoman replied that that was not to be wondered at, as he possessed nothing to nirrrcr/^-nup O£ speak of in the way of the latter. What had become of Jack? The poor boy, who had at once been raised to a position of importance by being connected with the mys tery of the night, was immediately taken in hand by benevolent persons who desired to obtain every particular about the terrible oc currence. Two gentlemen, whoywere corres pondents of Melbourne-papers, at once made a set at him, arid, utterly ignorjpg the boy's feelings, proceeded to extract information, every line of which wrung bis heart. His captors soon succeeded in getting him into the Garry Owen, where he was at once plied with ' comforts,' much against his will. Here he had to retail, over and over again, all he knew. This, in some measure, served to distract bis grief. After all, boys are mightily pleased by anything that raises them into importance. But, about ' breakfast time, when from in numerable tent-fires arose the smoke of sac rifices to the gods of tea and coffee and mutton chops, Gritty Gully had been thrilled to the core. The murderers had been found ! (To be continued.) 