;i-vaus tlic:r.last night ofitjl gid ver., the sky 19as ývliite'iritli'staurg, and th:j; I crisp with a frost that had?fh?rilied.tihe t earth for several days, 'najlif n rth- I caster was b lpwgvig thestrgct ? f.Ai ns the eruel cold solight oalt'nisiWýz'viu.'(i I for discairet and death. It .hdThober :i .i+'Vctt C¢h 'stlnata- hllt 'tl1Y6 i ,evatthr r cliategedt rapidly, noed't'he,,oou. anll homen less wr iY eliiub it it itterly. The ant rv wind 'hatl ji?ra n(l a little chili iwho taXdI lost? hiti iayv for sonlc'll ii if?t v di woi'd of Loiituldon, until he 'i Lnied be "iaeith a lial i k aih iftl ro?- street with a vagde lis- tliti some warmtli might-find him. whiretlthere was light; 'litsi Y s wdice'irca =titii.cring, and his small visage wan and pinched. Sud. Idetilv'asth sat .there;, on, theli' ard gidouudl a piao began to play' ii a house oppFosit _~.lhe instrument was touched by the hlurid -'of- n -anrtuist;' every L note spoke in the low prelude that, rgathering. in stren?th; grewlvi iit~i a iat? inge anili tendor melody; it vwam rll1 of wild sweet ness, bore 0. the impulse, oiran impro visatrite, and when it ileid "anjay iii soft cadences'the Ye?ry airir ifseemed-to lstind still and listen. The measure Exercised .a magician's power upon the~eihilds his' liguor fl4d, his. eyes glittered .like :the~istars above him,' a flsh stboldie iolii hisface as crept nearer and nearer to the'-aire- and clo quent sounds ri' pt and cithrallled; pre sently lie was lying on tihe doorstep in the. shaidovw of a'pillar, his eager ears drinking in the music) evidently he was iirg etful o?f ?the .hdnger tand cold that liad beset him before. t" Subhe'SignoraýBfeatri?e ceased ;:t6 play abruptly, a chance choid had struck a pain like a sharp knife thrust: into her heart, for it brought back a day in her yo'uth' to li t r l again.t She saw the old garden, with its moss grown walls, long gieen alldys,! and beds of lavender and roses; she,heard the hum of the bees and the ' coo-co ' ofW the-pigeois 'o the roof of her aunt's old farm-house in lovely Brittany, and shd, with her half Italian blood leapingin Ilerveins, dreamt 'dreamsnsof a splendid futuie;i"hilst the tones of a beloved voice sank into her soul. .HIe was saying/in his own German tongue, .:.- ". ".: •'.But.one thing thou needest, my:fair est, with.that glorious gift I have happily been able to cultivate for theei it ,is courage to speak of, sorr.w in they soniig so that it can, reach all 'hearts witli .the pleasure of pain.' 1 am not sinripatlietic enough, my mastei'; is it o?'? SThou'o art ;.vouig aiid glad. God :keep thee till w'rrmeet agaialis nd I am.nricher and have-won the:honour I covet for thy dear sake.' "I' It:is farhwell, then.'. 'Farewell,'e sighlied,with a cloud on his;landsome facet.. 'Yes, it niust be farewell,, but lieurts like ours can' iever rieally pr~it, we shall be reunited soon ; be true tolove and me.' FAlways true.' The leaves iustled, the birds sang, but there·vaissilniice?? for i-Beatrice when that voice :ceised- to. speak, .·and shelsawivI thi tall form of her gallant student-lover dis appear in the distance. A -few. letters from him beguilded Ithe time foi'three years; then she wient' to Rome to complete, her studies, :and the! correspondence was broken,; her own last letters were returned to her unopened. He-Icr Eriis't Willmer was gone no 'one knew whither;, and so the di'earn of her girlliood euded. Beatrice had noiotng,, to supply the the blank in her life but her music; she and it became one, and all who lieaird her recognised that leep soul speeCdi, if they possessed a soul of their own of any proportion. So she.became famous. How her mind dwelt on the past to. night.i } Every:improvisition pictured the olde: garden; she breathed the perfume of the lavender, and saw. eveni the faint white mist that;'' rose oveci thlie distant' hills. Twelve years ago I Twelved lonely.. weary years, betweeii: now and that by gone summer days and Eruest's fare w ell.(, c . It nnvel. .struk- her that lhe. might be dead,; Ier yeannriiglo'ten seeme-dto biing him near ;so tliit in another moment he 'might.enteritlhe..room and claim her aid, allf the: fahinetlidat haid grown out of, hl love for im. ' ' Beatricesat i;ith the fuirlihht c ouch ing lier cessiesngly, a loiely, liiir woiman 'uitlir1oddV Itabiaii suoiihiinie in lici rich hlaii, and the.deep, bllue of its sky in lier serious eyes;,hliu with lier arnt for coni Ianiofilid raised her abo?ire all femiinine fiivolities, innocent though they be. She was a princess of Nature's -m6ulnldin noble and sweet to behiol. It is a thoughtful time for us all, the eve of anu-o .year, wlien joy aud sadness 'ii most livesrmeet,l holdilg converse as hrotlers together for 'a little space. \v.IuI neairice .AspA tile opening year looked drecry ncough, for thlerei wvas ind h?ope in it except that Ior the glorifying 'of her art. She had fi'iends or acquaint ances in plenty, but none who were close to her spirit, none whio would have prized her withiout her fame, so 'that th'ere was a void always in her ;unquiet heart that even her music could not "uite`fiil. Sh' was a true woman, therefore greatuess alone failed to make her liappy. if'?A discontented mood is oui me,' she Ssighed. 'Oh, for that tdajy -wheh I 7longed for.the future that is now. mine I I was ia fo0l, for1 would i\iie inll up,) for slike of the common lot of woman; I .could have hraved all iilsery for my dear lost love, to ha've been ever beside him.' SThe winid was rising, and went iiailing by the house like a disembodied ghost of some buried joy; the costly hangings at windvows'aiid .doot scarcely kept'the inhl creasing,cold at buy, the fire burnt low, ai nludwith a shiver Signora Beatrice was recalled to, the present to find thit, it was gettig;q lhte, aind that SOme important letters she.had:.to?vivite iwere yet unwrit-: ten. I' niilst iot let myself drift so far away again,' she said with a sad smile... Slic rose to go towards heli desk, wlhei she was arrested hy3,thel.low piteous cry. ing of a child.' Iiivoluutarily she 'weut to the }wiiidow R?u' disheiticer a:' moving object outside in the semi-gloom. Somne beggar,' she said,• 'but the steps' are no refuge. I cannot bear to hear that ciy, it is dreadful. '1'll see who it. comes from, and it cannot do harm to send thei poor thinug into the kitchen for ivsrnith and-` food. GiovanIa's souipi f mubt be ready.' I The tiny wanderer who .had thus t brokcn in ujion a reverie was startled Iby the opening of the hall ldoor, a stleaith of r light flowiintiutr n the stceet) arid A icnlili- I til lady Ieaioin 'Ort arl t6d luak at liji i; his l}4iited tlmiidry vanisstell in an i;istnt all nde pitt his weak little lind into thc I ,ne outslict.ched in his ird.t oi. I wanted t Ihle it 'trthe inusio,' hlie lisped. Su'ikiroeti ]Eisi;;i. '\\\ as it vyo ? I lthi'i ). N, must he a queae; madame, to 'p'ay likc that. ' Come here, chil,'. said the signiora, quickly,. drawing hii into the hall; `you must be hungry arl coll, aie you not ?' . Ah, yes I: am lost.. SitShe Ient down to rexamine hintm ith her questioning: gaze. WVlhom did lhere- c mi.i' her of? 'Whose were thise (lfDrl?' eyes; il 'dthatihle riiielU?ohie ?li i bt i dclicat s :is . "iWh~ere ldidl yo0u come fir.d, my 1ove and what is your uname ?' shle kii;ed, very huskil}y.: .. SThse boy crept witniutlie uhcltec of her arm as lie-aiswered : I hIavo forgotte-i my l:ay l:adck. I went out when they wer.e at. the theatre this -morning. I am' called Ernst- Will mer.' 'IThe unconscious child nestled his curly head agains't the, beautiful lady s satin dress. He did not see the sudden ex prossion; first of incredulity, thdn'otf icute pain'and jealous hagedr, isi 'her iiverted countenance. i After all, these years, ,and false false I' WVith a vigorous effort, eBeatrice ijias tered :her\voice sufficieritly to:say--. ' Who is your father, my little one ?' She waited :breatlhlessly for the reply. - :. I'have:,only my mother my f'fath'er is ead.: "Bii wais' it you that :made the music, .;-mdame: ? OhL :malke :some m ore.-, - .. . Ernst was:astonished to feel the lady's aim relaxi andt in another moment -slhe waslying on the floor of 'the windy pas= sage, her silken golden liair covering liear blantched face like a v?eil. i. : .. : New Year's day was usherediii' with a' .hiilwind of sleet, and ithe skyn was one broard; grey expanise,, ,without a gleam,of sunshine. , Drury Lane may lb classic goanud, but though dear to 'the Loundoner, it does not possess .much ,attraction ,to the foriegnor, whio, atoildds with fortune, seeks to gild his poverty with pretty sights and gracious soun ds.... i a small dies room in ai odging in that locality vayoung.iwomau: was pacing; to and firo ii somie agitation;? the musi?e "she iheld in hIerl hand:claiming little of her atten tion: 'Strange that Signora. Asdpa of all people in the world, should restore the boy to me I I.hated her namei-all about her..: I loved Ernst so well that I :could once? have- killed her.'- . The door was 'softly opened at this juncture, and Herr Willmer's awife and widow encountered the blue eyes of whom a dying man had raved the, 'sweetest eyes that were ever seen.' 'Madame,' said Beatrice, in her soft irich tones, ' here is your -child. It was with difficulty I discovered' you. 1 trust that my messenger relieved your anxiety early to-day.' 'Ernst, come here,' cried Madame Willmer. ' You wicked boy, to stray away from me. - Madame, I thankj;you greatly. I need ',ot say ?that I was alarmed.' .'HeIr manneriwas unpleasant, almost re pellant;. -yet she would have been,:well; looking if she had smiled frankly.;:' Ernst' slhrankl from .her "kisses and: grasped Beatrice byl.tlhe robe convul. sively. . .. . , ... ' I love this lady best ; she would not beat me.' 'Bahl' 'said his mother withil jai.iring laugh.....'I have a ihot .temper;. : eI:boat hinm yesterday'and hieran away;' ' ' Oh, I would niot liave stayed away:?I love my sister too. well for that. I was really lost, mother.' : ' You have another child,' murimured Beatrice. ' You are rich ,in 'some .,of God's blessings, dear madame. - May,: I tell you that once, long ago,'I knew Ernst \--I mean, your husbanid.' . 'I, Ik'now'v 'it, hefist itaught you to sing. Os, I know it. ... SAnd will. you tell me of him ? Was he ill-long?' ' Yes, long, ain?iseied, MadanmeVilmer softcning a little; 'but did you not hear him, anlt see hiim every uiight he played i' "I-Ho'r- 1? What do you mean?' lie was kept back fromn theosuccess' that should have atteuded his genius. Mr. Ernst, my dear iusband. Ahl,i youn ca. o not guess what he- was to me.? Ie'i was alivays kind. ' I 'ica,. guess,' said B3eatrice, her cheek crimsoning, though her throbbing hinsrt repeatIed it ' IeI was 'false,'falee.t roei. Yet rt ' ..... 1.'1 t . .. L| .~ 1 "' ?ei ' L wuuIU "uve iiau inrI lloudly talse, and. still alive in the ,world. -'rns't--,j Ernst' -once he was that; nothing : cal rob nme of that memory.' r Sindamiie,' I have said that he was riot fortunate ; he failed 'in allihe undertook, his compositions were never- accepted, his spirits flagged and - ' I' ow did lie live ? Tell me all, I en treat you.' ' He beheld your face every night, when yonii sang, fromithe orchestra .'1 'a` i SBeatrice stared at her in bewilderment, mute and despairing. C Yes, signora,'.continiued Madame Will metr,' and you pretended 'never to reco'g nise the second violin, though, he waos al mast dying atyour.feet for years." * You are emad I' cried the Italian` velie Itmently. . S.'No; but be was. When 'the papers stated that your marriage ,had. taken plaee with a great'lord, lhe, had' 'a fever. .IIHe litdged with.nmy father, also' a musician; I nursed him and I loved him. andt he mar ried me when hegretv better, six years ago,. bhit his:heart' asswith you. 'Dea me, .how' I Iated.,you'tlthb ' .. : . She drew her visitor to a conch in the corner ont .which -a lovely little girl -lay sleeping. -; She' here' :he called our dain.'hter ltantrice' after you, and li waoraluipied ?'iu,' as if. you were a saitt. I never .esatisfied him, never; 'yet I was n good wife.' ' What is the" peace that fell` upon Beatrice? .Jealousy died in her heart and the craving. of-her love nvas satisfied. ,: Shelhad neither been forsakeni 'r 'for .gotten, but circumstances'had parted her fro? .tli ohoun w'o" 'adl loved i.eui to tl.e last: In Iallher agoiylof surrov therewasin this drop of halm.n Mada-me r illmer .alnnd herself- held. in a tenitdir i tiruaee' aind aX risijthr idrir'isih l 1 _-et us ie g*i:d s fenu, rea frienlIs I aveid yo'r n?bsutd once, ,and has we pt, fur i in for itwelve years.' ' .,r so io-, twelv, yearsi.!i. echoeI mlanae Willner. "'T'liat: I long !" I loved himii very iuneh ; tou t I, 1imgoitig to be married n again.f. L do -nut 1 're ti workl: for. myself.. Ium E inuthlemhors and am going to marry the first violiiu on Monday; M. Nert has saived :-ioniy." Be.atrice, thrust the young worna, fio i'h Ihuhr hastily. SAnd vet vyo were'his wifi' she said ' Ay;, wlt ;yu" hai-e-wished. to h?b' she ' ?,., aithhgl I did not think nvyself worthy of him,' murmured the visitor, with luve '..+eis kie itiA. +t __T .. Beatrice "'left the gloom of Old -Di'ry with mingled "'ridf and *hidness; thle new year'hlid givenel' ii two griat-gifts, undyling fith hin her poor hl-lid love, end the eare of his two`litilhe childrci.i , for, li orn thiir I mother prolessed hbut .smIall affectio., ' rt is rmlght that Ishtild lave suffered,' she said. '. should not ihave been.symopa thetic with isuffering; and my Ernst and Beatrice will teach me to be hiumbhle thdir futires ii' 1iii mly care. - It' was? notie?.d that Signora Aspa sang more end.l ?u respleididly; arid that thl. e restlessness of her genius maturied intoi a perfect'calm. She was a;grandgppure, and miiotheurly womnan, whose, succour went out to every woe within her oengnisance and whose clhirimted touch drdw the unlialppy and struggling minto the iiag"c circle of ' For hiis sike ' sli' sighed to 'hlierself as sha iniuistered to those in need of:love and help...: Tittle Ernst is now n celebhratd violinist. ) . . . ? . '- .; _ .. . 