mY DOUBLE IDENTITY By F. B. Stanford. (fcyfiw) 0 one will believe my story. I have been ,told r P, 'ia 01' many years, and I am an old man "TP now. Sometimes when I look in a mirror and stand soberly, solemnly observing my f wrinkled visage, I confess I am obliged to har bor a passing doubt myself. It is all such an intricate web of mysteries But do not let us presume to set a limit to a man's knowledge ; to say, " So far shalt thou go . and no further." My experience must count for something with me against all the world. It has been remarkable, such probably as no other man ever had. I look back to one Saturday afternoon when I was m my twenty-seventh year as the beginning of all things for me. Before that time my life is shadowy — I had not begun to live. My college course and European travel had done little toward developing any ideas in me outside of the conventional circle. That task awaited my old French teacher, Monsieur Dubois, who came limping up to the house that after noon, a stranger — a tall, thin man, with a look on his face which somehow made me believe that he was walk ing about asleep. I had no idea then how old he was, that he had fought under Napoleon at Waterloo, and lost all with the fall of the Emperor. To me he was simply a needy old Frenchman who had undertaken to perfect my pronounciation of his language ; and when he took out a shabby copy of " Corneille," we sat down on the piazza in the sunshine, and began the lesson without any preliminaries. After I had read a half-dozen lines of " The Cici," he said, impatiently : " No, no ! You speak it all through your nose, young man. You Americans always think it necessary to pronounce a foreign language through the nose. Now listen, ' Elvira m' as tu fait un rapport bien sincere ? ' " He twisted the ends of his stubby old mustache, canted his head, and looked at me with half-shut eyes. There was not much in his manner, certainly, that suggested the Frenchman ; he was as like an American as any of us. Suck is what I thought at first, but alterward I found out that he was not quite like either nationality — that he was simply a new man and unlike anybody I had ever met. We did not become very well acquainted that after noon. He was too positive and domineering to impress me lavorably, and I suppose he went away regretting that circumstances compelled him to waste life teaching commonplace people like mo with more money than brains. The next day 1 happened to be strolling in the village burning-ground, and found him seated, staring at a tombstone. I had frequently read the inscription on that same stone, for it was over my grandfather's grave, who died the same day I was born — a fact which had always given the old gentleman's decease a peculiar interest to me. When Monsieur Dubois bad exchanged a few words with me, I remarked that twenty-seven years since my family had had a death and a birth on the same day, and all within a few minutes ; and then I explained whose stone it was he was looking at, and that I had frequently heard an old servant of ours mention with awe how they heard me — the new baby — crying while watching the old man draw his last breath. " A little curious, really," he said, rubbing his spec tacles preparatory to scrutinizing again the inscription. " I remember that day myself, young man. I may say that I am not likely ever to forget it— June 18tli, 1815. Why, don't you know that on that day the fate of all Europe was decided ? It's the Battle of Waterloo day, sir — the Battle of Waterloo day, sir." I said that I was aware of it, and had thought of it before. Then, limping along at my side, he told me he had been in that battle. Twenty-seven years ago. Yes ; he was growing to be an old man now. " Life is short ; it all goes by in a twinkling," he went on, more to himself than to me. " Why, I have lived out my threescore and ten ah'eady ; and Chevereau —let me see how old Chevereau would have been. Thirty-five, forty-five — yes, he would be sixty-three now. Jean Chevereau was killed on that very day, the 18th of Juno, when Wellington and the allies came down on us like fiends from hell. Oh, no, I'm not likely to forget it ! That was the day my hair turned gray, young man, all in a momentmost. But I never looked at myself, never cared foiv myself when I saw our men going down in furrows. Chevereau was my assist ant, and from the time the French attacked Bluclier at Ligny, he and I had our hands full of mutilated men. I' I had been a hospital-surgeon twenty years, yet the blood, blood everywhere, made me sick. I was dizzy all the last day of the fight, and half-blind from loss of sleep. I should never have let Chevereau go to the front if I had known what I was about. Ah I he was a brave comrade, Chevereau — a brave, noble comrade ! " The old man's eyes suffused with tears, and his voice had more tenderness in it than one would have expected. He sat down on one of the mounds, and I threw myself on the ground near hitn. " It was a bad business, the whole of that great battle," he continued, after a moment or two. " Noth ing but blundering by the French from beginning to end. First, there was Ney's fatal hesitation at Quatre- Bras ; then Grouchy, the idiot, did'nt come to our relief, and the Emperor was forced to hazard everything on one onset to break the allied centre. My God : I can see him now, covered with dust and blood, and his iron face calm as an angel's 1 It was growing dark, and I had lost sight of Chevereau somewhere in the confusion. The Prussians were appearing on our right, and we were forming in squares across the field. Then such a wild whirlwind of thunder and shot ; the veterans became demoralized, five squares were broken ; every body was shouting, ' The guard is repulsed ! The guard is repulsed ! ' and at a moment when the smoke lifted I caught sight of So.ult hurrying the Emperor off the field. An old comrade seized my arm and dragged me over the dead . and dying. ' Good God I ' lie cried, 'make haste. Jean Chevereau has been shot in the head 1 ' I lost my senses at this and fell. I never should have found Chevereau if my good comrade had not waited by me patiently until I recovered. He showed me the way then in the dark, and we crept along on our hands and knees over the ghastly bodies, down into the trenches to where lie lay bespattered, bloody, dead. Ah ! but I shall never forget all that. There had been a compact " He stopped abruptly and looked fixedly .at the ground a moment, as though some quick thought had put everything else to flight and demanded his scattered wits. " What hour of the day did you say it was when you were born ? " he aslccd, finally, with deliberation, as if putting a leading question to an important witness. I had some idea that he was losing his senses again, for I had said nothing about the hour of the day I was born. I told him, however, that I would ascertain. " There had been a compact between Chevereau and me," he went on, " that, if eitner was shot, the other should secure the dead body for a scientific purpose. I dragged his poor corpse out of the trench and over the road to Brussels that night, in the dark. Eh ? you scowl and think that a little shocking ? But I knew Chevereau wanted it done, and I must do it. Yes, I I got him back to Paris in two days, and My young friend, I have never mentioned this to any one in your country. I trust you will say nothing about it whatever." I was full of curiosity to know what the " scientific purpose " had been, but I curbed myself as I saw he preferred the subject dropped then and there. Getting up immediately and buttoning his coat across his chest, he took leave of me and trudged off in the direction of his lodging. An odd old man, eccentric, crotchety and full of ancient experience, 1 had no doubt, as I watched him going down the road. But I little imagined — in fact, youth at best is only a synonym for ignoi'ance. How could I have ever guessed anything that bor dered on the wonderful, mysterious suspicion lurking in that man's brain while he went away from me and out of sight 1 What he had said about the battle of Water loo interested me, and, in some way or other, produced a strange, nervous excitement, for I found that the whole thing persisted in running in my mind all the rest of the afternoon. I could not get rid of it ; and that night I had the most terrible dream I ever experi enced. Confusion without end, the booming of cannon, volleys of musketry, the rolling of drums, bugle-calls, faces of friends flitting past in the smoke like ghosts ; and, all the while my mind bewildered with agony, I was searching everywhere for Honore Dubois. Then a crash, as if something had exploded in my head ; I felt myself falling an interminable distance, as it seemed, and knew I was shot. Oh, heavens 1 I never could see her — Her ? Who did I mean ? Why — yes, yes, my own Celeste, the one woman of all the world 1 My mind was wandering; dying, and I knew it — . knew I never could never see her dear, loving, darling face again ! That ring — the ring with the Maltese cross of diamonds — in my pocket — it was for her ! Good God 1 where was Honore Dubois ? He must take it to her — he must It might have been a minute, an hour, all night, that passed before I awoke ; but my suffering suddenly terminated. In the morning, however, I remembered it all vehy vividly, and was not a little puzzled to account for one or two features in the dream, that my fancy had intro-\ duced, which could not have been suggested by anythingl I had read, heard or imagined. 1 had never been in love — had never met any woman with whom I ever had the slightest inclination to he in love. But I had suffered the wildest kind of love in this dream ; and though I was now wide awake, walking about on the lawn, I had not got rid of the passion bw any means. 7 No ; and I have not to this day. It perplexed ri#e then ; occasionally it uorplexes me now, though I knov Y my doubts are traitors. When Monsieur Dubois and I met again, after three or four days, to read the French classics, he seemed to take every opportunity to study me rather than the text of the book which occupied us. It was of great interest to him to learn that I had a taste for mathe matics and the neo-Platonic writers. His old friend Chevereau, he said, had delighted in La Place's " Mecanique Celeste ; " and as for himself, the study of the mystics had been a passion with him for years. He dropped our French work quite uncon- \- sciously after a few minutes, and fell to conversing about the extraordinary religion of the Druids, their high state of civilization in their dark age of the world. Then he spoke with much enthusiasm of Pythagoras and his wonderful doctrine respecting the soul. After all, the world had not advanced a twentieth part what it boasted. To be sure, there was the Copernican system, the discovery of the blood's circula tion, and three or four ingenious theories touching the beginning of organic life. But had we really arrived any nearer the one all- important question of " What after death ? " than these calm, earnest men of seven teen hundred years ago ? Wo passed many such afternoons together after this, Monsieur Dubois and I ; I can readily understand now the reason he changed so suddenly towards me ; but away back in those days I believed that the qhi.. gentle- ' man had found, to his astonishment, thai I was- not so crude as he had decided hi .first'. A I was a long, long tiihe catchiitg the. drift of all his ideas. I wonder that, as his suspicion gained strength, he did not drop some direct hint that should give me the clew to the course of his peculiar investigation ; but I suppose lie understood human nature too thor oughly to do that. By-and-by, however, I did come gradually to realize the extraordinary cause of his interest in me, though no word passed between us — nothing more, than a look. I was startled — I know I thought he was mad to dream of such a thing. But what great discovery has not been guessed at, to begin with ? Monsieur Dubois was a man of originulity, many accomplishments, and. wide and varied experience — all of which commanded my respect, and then my reverence, lie won me also by the puiity and sim plicity of his life. Occasionally, as we became more intimate, I visited him at his lodging. It was a very humble place over a druggist's, in a remote part of the town, and its com forts were meagre. But it was lined with books, strange, ancient books that Monsieur Dubois had picked up years before at the old bookstalls along the quays of the ISeine. There were seared, yellow old chronicles of witchcraft, treatises on the occult sciences, volumes on the transmigration of the soul, the supernatural, relig ion, nnd a large number of rare medical works. Mon sieur Dubois apparently had a fancy, also, for skulls and skeletons. Two grinning, hideous craniums did duty for ornaments on his mantelpiece ; the skeleton of a dog stood on his table facing the door, and one of a human being hung in a corner behind a red curtain. Once, when we were smoking a pipe and waiting for the twilight to deepen into darkness before lighting lamps, he referred incidentally to these skeletons. The two skulls had belonged to patients who had died in a Paris hospital ; the human skeleton was that of a faithful servant, who had been much attached to Monsieur Dubois ; and the dog had been the victim of a stomach experiment. " But I had another skeleton, Mr. Lloyd," he said to me, earnestly, after we had been smoking silently a moment, and watching the coals fall apart in the grate, a skeleton that was worth all the world to me. It was my old comrade, Chevereau's, sir — Chevcreau's." I could not help starting ; and then the next instant, fearing he had noticed me, my face Hushed, and 1 turned and spent some time in searching for a place to lay my pipe. His eyes, however, were on the alert, and the topic was dropped at oncc. " By-the-by, my friend," he said, impulsively, " have you found out from your old housekeeper what time of day it happened to be when you came into the world ? You may remember we were speaking about it a long time since ? " " I was born in the early part of the evening," I an swered, having satisfied myself that the mantelpiece was a safe place for the pipe. " In the early part of the evening ? " holding his pipe suspended and staring at the lire for a minute or more. " Yes, yes, that will do very well." And then he fell to smoking with evident pleasure and much satisfaction, interrupting his calm contemplation only once during the next hour by saying — looking at me the while, as if he were in doubt — that the d ifference in time between New Yforlt and Brussels was about four hours, he believed. " About that," I replied, and went on with the thought I was turning over and over. Both of us knew very well what was in the other's mind. Only the day before I had startled him exceedingly by an original way of solving a difficult problem in Euclid. He had never known but one man who could solve that problem in that particular way, lie said. This, I could see, had confirmed his suspicion more than anything else up to that time ; and he had kept it in mind ever since. As he seemed to prefer silence, I lighted the study- lamp and took up a copy of Wordsworth's poems. The first lines my eyes fell upon were these, marked : 1 " Our birlh is but a sleep and a forgetting ; The soul that rises with us — our life's star — Vliatk had elsewhere its setting, And. cometh from afar." I shut the volume impatiently. Everything had somehow got possessed with the one idea, and I could not run away from it. Taking my hat, I said it was time I was returning home ; and, bidding him an hasty adieu, I rushed out before he could offer any protest. When in the street and breathing the fresh air, I took an oath tacitly that I would have nothing more to do with such nonsense. I should become as crazy shortly as Monsieur Dubois was, if I did not put a stop to this kind of thought. Then, again, what difference did it make who or what I was 1 1 didn't care to know anything further about it. It was all a riddle, at best ; life was a riddle — human destiny, the world, everything — and man an idiot to believe that lie could guess the clew. In the sober thought of the next morning, however, I took another view of the matter, and set out for Monsieur Dubois's lodging in the same frame of mind that had impelled me thither a hundred times before. But, to my amazement, be was gone — gone away to remain some weeks, the druggist thought. He had left the keys to his rooms for me, the man said, and I was to use the books or anything in the rooms whenever I chose. I hastened up-stairs and unlocked the doors. He Bad said nothing about going away, and possibly he had left a note or letter for me ; so I pulled up the curtain and surveyekLthings in-general. , ' His study, li brary and; living room looked as though.: he liad left in a hurry. C Brewers were open,, papers ; vvere scattered in every direction on his table, the dors ; to the bookcases stood ajar, and an extraordinary! miniature portrait on ivory had been left near one of the skulls on the mantelpiece. J. carried tins curiously to the light, little realizing that the moment was an epoch in my life. There it was — the one fair, lovely face to make all earth a para dise to me. Oh, Celeste ! oh, my wife, my darling ! I loved you as passionately that first moment when my soul awoke as 1 ever can through all eternity ! I only remember that I sat there for hours, looking at the portrait as if it were a dream — as if life were a dream, and every reality had faded away. How could I ever hope to find her? Would Mon sieur Dubois ever come back ? Could I bring liim back ? My fortune, everything I possessed, should be shared with him. I went home and sent a message to my lawyer in the city, asking him to insert advertisements in all the New York papers, requesting an interview at once with Monsieur Dubois, and then I waited anxiously, fever ishly, through days at first, then weeks, and finally mouths. But nothing came of this — chance would have it another way. I went to New York to visit a friend. We were walking along Broadway one afternoon when they dashed by us in an open carriage, Monsieur Dubois and she ! That night I stole out on the streets alone and found him staring in at the lobby of a theatre. He started, scowled, slipped liis arm through mine, and led me away into a side-street. " I saw you to-day and should have stopped if I had been unaccompanied," he said, after he had waited for me to speak. " What brings you to the city just now ?" " The lady who accompanied you — I have come to see her." " Her ? — my Celeste, my ward ? " " Yes." I explained to him that I had found her portrait in his room ; that he must lead me to her. " Her portrait, Lloyd ? No, no, my dear friend ; it is not hers." X did not want to believe him ; I would not. " But you shall see her," he said, after a moment's hesitation. "We will go to her at once ; the child must be anxious about me already." They were stopping at the old Manhattan Hotel, and thither we directed our steps, Monsieur Dubois limping along at a pace that was agonizing to my patience. Finally we went up two or three long flights of stairs, and he tapped at one of the doors in the dim-lighted corridor. My heart beat nervously. I had waited all these weeks for this. It must be she ; I could not have made a mistake. " My dear, I have brought my young friend, Mr. Lloyd, to see you," he said, when she stood before us, bright, beautiful, and the realization of all I could wish. " Monsieur Lloyd brings pleasure with, liis presence," she returned, with a charming foreign accent and bewitching smile, all for me. Certainly there was no mistake about the portrait. The likeness was exact, unless, possibly, it represented her a year or two older than she really was. Her eyes, large and brown, with all a woman's exquisite soul speaking through them , the delicate contour of her lace with the complexion soft and pure as a lily with the breath of a rose upon it ; the low, broad forehead, with the mass of crinkled blonde hair brought round the sides of her head and intertwined in twisted coils — all this I had seen in the miniature. But the ring, with the petite Maltese cross of dia monds, which sparkled on her plump little hand, I had never seen except in a dream. Monsieur Dubois was expressing his regrets that he had been detained away from me so long, and she was saying vv.ry soberly, whenever a chance between words occurred, that really her poor guardian had been sorely perplexed c'.vith his affairs and I must forgive him. The jinesse of lwr expression, the tone of her voice ! And that ring ! Who could explain all this to me ? Had I been dead and come back to life again ? Were we all embodied ghosts bereft of memory ? How could it be possible that I had ever given her that ring, that her name should be Celeste ? Monsieur Dubois guided us each through the wind ings of an hour's conversation with consummate skill, and the next day I came again, and the next. He was following out some investigation — T knew not what — and left her in my keeping all the clay long. The hours became moments, the days shortened to a third of their usual length while two weeks passed. We had gone every day on some little excursion to a library, art-gallery, or place of interest to Celeste. Then, happy day ! I brought them both to my home. Monsieur Dubois bad ended his quest ; his whole face beamed with satisfaction ; he returned with joy. In the moonlit evening, while Celeste was on the piazza with my old housekeeper, Monsieur Dubois and I walked clown through the village to smoke our after- dinner cigars and visit his former lodging, where his books were to remain for the present. He had forwarded a box from tbe city, be said, which he wanted to open. But I was not a good listener. on my part, had a subject I wanted to broach. " Might we talk of his ward ?" I asked. " Perhaps you are in love with her, my friend ? " looking at me througli half-shut eyes. " I have been for a long time." He walked on silently some distance, and I could not discover whether or not he was displeased. 'Ahc has her mother's face," he said, at length, stop- piiiig: alid resting on his stick. " The miniature portrait ; JOU' saw is of her mother. She died when Celeste was born; and ; the child has got the mother's name, her beauty and her soul." Then he went on : " All 1 my old comrade, Chevereau,,. loved the mother well — loved her as feiv women are ever loved. But Celeste Beclarcl married a year or two ,p.fter. Wuterloo. Her husband soon died; then she' died, and I took the little girl. It's all a sad world 1 Death, death, always and every where ! " When we had got inside the lodging, arid lighted a lamp, Monsieur Dubois's cheerfulness Vetufned.'" ; There was the box — a large square one— auditing, as lie expected. In a moment he had a hammer in and and proceeded to take off the cover. " It's a skeleton, Lloyd," he said, noticing my curi osity. " I've been in your country twelve years search ing for it." He took it out of tlie box hone by bone, and put it together whilst I sat looking on. For some foolish reason or other I felt nervous. The room was poorly lighted, for one thing, and the moonlight, streaming in through the windows, gave a ghastly appearance to it, swaying to and fro on its wire hanging. It did not coine into my mind whoso skeleton it was until I caught sight of the right side of the skull, and saw very plainly the shivered bullet-hole. Instantly I felt all the blood leaving my head. This was Chevereau's skeleton, and 1 was becoming desper ately faint, the room seemed to be swinging round and round, and Monsieur Dubois was bending over mc, feeling my pulse, when I revived. " My old comrade — my old comrade ! " he was mur muring, " I have found you again after all tliese years." In my bewilderment, the one thought in my head was of that ring. " The ring ! How did she get the ring with the Maltese cross of diamonds?" I asked, pressing my hands to my head. " Ha ! the ring ! You saw it on Celeste's hand ? Y7ou knew it, comrade? Yes, yes, I took it from Chevereau's pocket in the trench that night, and gave it to her mother. He was shot at twenty minutes to six — you were born fifteen minutes afterwards. Good God 1 who shall say this is not beyond all revelation ! We are still the same, comrade — still the same, though death itsell has separated us and all these years have yawned between ; and you' shall have your Celeste. She shall be your wile now — the same, the adorable Celeste ! Love can never lose its own. She will know you, wor ship you ! " Oh, my friend, companion, teacher ! 1 hear again your impassioned words, though my youth has passed — though you have entered that lonely, infinite mystery — and I am an old man. Where are you in all this great unknowable, all- beginning, never-ending plan of God? Have yon, too, been born again into this world of ours, nnd are you waiting lor an Ithuriel touch to disclose your old identity ? I hear Celeste's voice in the hall, her step upon the stair. She is com inn- tn nw I Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly. Another Club or Society has been established in Ade laide, under the ominous title of the " United Irish Asso ciation." As this body has only commenced to sit, and lias as yet of course hatched nothing but hints, we Imvo little to say about them. About forty Irishmen assembled at tbe Clarence Hotel on Monday evening, the 17th July, to arrange the preliminaries. One" apparently favorable feature in the proceedings was a proposal to " cement the brotherhood by literary as well as- political ties." Whilst dealing principally with Irish politics, they would also embrace the polities of the colony. The Society was formed to gain the respect of colonists who were not Irishmen, and would be inilueneed by no par ticular religious opinions. A committee was formed, and officers appointed to outer upon the business of the new Association. 