EVIDENCES OF SPIRITUALISM. We have received from Mr W. D. C. Denovan, of Sandhurst, a ponderous volume of 698 pages, bearing the above title. Having delivered lec- tures in Sandhurst on "Spiritualism," which were at the time published in the Bendigo Even ing Star, he was importuned by friends to give them a more permanent form by embodying them in a book, and he has done so, besides placing on record a quantity of manifestations seen at seances. To those outside of the spiritualistic belief the wondering query that will be put is "Can such things be?" The world has now for some time been made familiar with incidents of table rapping, trance mediumships, and even levita- tions, but the materialisations of spirits with forms so substantial that they shake hands with visitors and carry weights about is novel to many and astounding to all. The wonderful gentleman who produces these manifestations in the colony, at present is named George Spriggs, and we are bound to say for him that he does not make mediumships a business, he earns his livelihood by his own honest manual toil, and takes neither fee or reward. Whether the manifestations are genuine or not - and we pronounce no opinion upon them one way or the other— he gets nothing by them. Mr Spriggs is said to have first developed these extraordinary powers at the residence of a gentleman named Lewis, at Cardiff, in South Wales, where the materialisations were so developed that the "ghosts" were able to freely walk about, not only the house, but the garden. Mr Carson, well known, as the proprietor of a boot shop in Melbourne, encountered these manifestations in Cardiff, and was the means of bringing out Mr Spriggs to this country. Miss Finlason, of this town, a lady of high culture, and not unknown on the local platform, corresponded with the Car- diff circle, and in consequence the first seance was held at her residence. The narratives of what took place in other places, are perhaps more wonderful, but we extract the following as hav- ing more local interest: - On Saturday, the 4th December, 1880, I pro- ceeded to Castlemaine, by previous appointment with my friend, Mr Carson, of Clutha, to meet the celebrated medium, Mr. George Spriggs, of Cardiff, arid his friend, Mr Smart, both of whom had arrived only a few days previously by the Liguria, from England. This meeting at Castle- maine was arranged privately with a view of holding two test seances, under harmonious con- ditions, and to demonstrate to us who were in vited to be present, the correctness of the ac- counts published by Mr Carson, of the very wonderful seances at which he had been present in Cardiff with Mr Spriggs. At the first of these two seances, held the same evening, at the hospitable residence of Mr Finla- son, of Ericsville, there were present, beside the medium, and his friend, — Mr Finlason, and his niece, Miss Finlason; Mr W.H. Terry, Mr John Carson, and the author. The seance was held in the dining-room of Mr. Finlason's villa, the drawing-room, with a curtain across the doorway, being used as a cabinet for the entranced medium. The circle sat around the door of the cabinet somewhat in the shape of a horseshoe, and a shaded kerosene lamp was placed on the table of an adjoining room, the door of which was left partly open, with a view of producing a mellow light and leaving sufficient for all the circle to see the materialised spirits by. The arrangements, I may add, answered the purpose admirably in every respect. The circle was in complete har- mony, and perfect stillness pervaded the seance, only broken by the singing of the circle, and the movements of the spirits themselves. The manifestations were, as a natural result of such favourable conditions, extraordinary. Gradu- ally the curtain was drawn aside, and several at- tempts were made by a figure robed in white to show itself. After a little, a tall spirit, named Zion appeared in full view of all and bowed to us. Next came the form of a lady, short, but very graceful in her movements, and clothed in ample folds of white drapery, and, I should say, of very fine texture. This was said to be the departed wife of our venerable host. The figure, while inside the circle, bowed to him in a very marked manner. After this lady, came Mrs. Gilbert. This venerable lady had resided with Miss Fin- lason as her guest for some time; and was de- votedly attached to her. All present recognised this spirit. Her features were not visible, but her form and movements were unmistakable. I recognised her by them at once. She bowed to me, and I kissed my hand to her. The ap- peared in the doorway the two spirit children of Mr Terry, one being taller than the other, and like an adult spirit partially formed, in attend- ance on them. I am describing these manifesta- tions as they appeared to me, I being at a con- siderable distance from the forms as they severally appeared, but this enabled me to observe them better. The next spirit that appeared was named Charity. She entered circle and bowed to the very ground several times, after the manner of the women of the East. This figure was spare in person, but extremely graceful in her move- ments, and wore what appeared like a brilliant star on her breast. She is said to be an Egyp- tian. A Red Indian named Swiftwater who controls the medium, and speaks through him in broken English, quite easily understood, however, oc- casionally described these manifesting spirits to us. The medium, I must add, was frequently heard groaning in his chair, while the different figures appeared before us outside, the curtain. An old chief, said Swiftwater, who knows chief Den.' meaning me, 'who ought to wear feathers, is trying to manifest. He will do so to- morrow evening. His name is George Abell - my guide. After chatting with us for some little time, Swiftwater closed the seance, and all were deeply impressed with what they had seen, and highly gratified. On the following evening (Sunday) the same circle met at the same place at 7.30 o'clock, there being, in addition, Mr Charles Finlason, nephew of Miss Finlason, present with us, he having been unavoidably absent on the previous even- ing. The lamp was placed much the same as on Saturday, Mr Finlason's bedroom door, at the back of the circle, being left open, with the ob- ject of allowing the spirit, called Zion to pass through it ; but, though he did not do so another did. At this seance, Swiftwater manifested in per- son, and we all saw his black face and hands. George Abell also manifested, and several of the sitters said he appeared a very old man, with a long white beard. I saw the aged figure, but could not see the features. Next came Mrs Gilbert, whose lady-like form and movements we all promptly recognised, she calling out to Miss Finlason in a whisper, 'Mary, Mary,' just as she was accustomed to address her in the body. The recognition of this spirit was compIete. Then the spirit ' Peter,' in a squeaking voice came out to an adjoining table, and wrote his initials above words which he also wrote, ' God bless you all.' Next came Mrs Finlason, who was beautifully draped, and repeatedly bowed to Mr Finlason. Last of all came Charity. She made several at tempts to cross the room, giving several sitters cush- ions and other articles about to show that she was fully materialised. She finally succeeded, and en- tered Mr Finlason's bedroom, bringing back with her, as a proof of it, a bottle of chemicals, which she found there, and handed it, as she passed, to Mr Terry. She then rushed into the cabinet to her medium. The seance, like the previous ones, was very wonderful indeed, and gave the greatest satisfac- tion to all. It left the conviction strong in the minds of the circle that this young English medium was one of the most powerful instru- ments for the materialisation of the spirit-form in this or any other colony. Subsequent events have amply justified the opinion then expressed of Mr Sprigg's mediumship. The book contains accounts of seances of a similar character held since at Melbourne. Mr Spriggs, however, seems to be only one of similar media;,who have exhibited wonder ful manifestations of materialisations in England, America, India, etc., . indeed before the advent of Mr Spriggs, the energetic circle of Sandhurst, under the presidency of Mr Denovan, developed things almost as wonderful which are testified to as perfectly genuine by the author, which are highly interesting to read. As we have said before, we leave our readers to judge for themselves when they get access to the book, which is well worthy of perusal. We are bound in justice, however, to say with re gard to such matters as Mr Denovan vouches for himself, that he is known to be the soul of of honour, and that he is a most intelligent and clear headed man of business. Much of the book, however, is mere computation, for which he can not vouch. The author is a most earnest believer in spiritual manifestations in whatever quarter they appear. He is indeed, truly Catho lic, and welcomes a ghost entirely irrespective of the ghost's religion. He believes in the appari tions at Knock, in Ireland, and in the mirac ulous cures at holy wells and tombs of saints. Orthodoxy, however, puts down the manifesta- tions about which Mr Donovan mostly writes as the work of the devil, when they are not pure impostures, a question the settlement of which we leave to the rival disputants. Well, say somepeoplq, even if they were of the Devil, they ought to help the churches by reviving the belief in that personage, whose existence is by some profane persons regarded as apocryphal. However, in all seriousness it must be remembered that the great enemy of religion in these days is materialism, and it is often asked why the clergy reject spiritualism, which even on their own showing brings proof of a power outside of humanity. The answer is that the exponent of Spiritualism are generally anti-Christian. We regret that Mr Denovan, hass given some plausi bility to their answers by publishing certain lectures delivered by him some few years since. The lectures are not worthy of being included in the volume They -'are crude and evidence an absence of knowledge of the modern canons of Biblical criticism.- It is a mistake to represent the symbolical teachings "and . narratives .of the Bible iis1 literal, facts, arid then iii "'morally and intellectually '"criticise ''therii 'as"; such. Chris tianity, is ,npt.to,, be" studied iu . sectarian hym- nology, but in tlie writinga and serrrioris'df men like;Farrar,';Moqrhquse and 'the authorf.pf rthe late Bairipton" lectures. and the editors' of '.'the 'Speaker's -.'Comriientary! ' Mr; ' U eno van's ijbook contains jiqtices-of all ithe' - other phenomena? of Spiritualism; '- as well as > materialisation, ' but we have- mainly 'noticed- The latter'iasthei most astounding; ;In ' , nqticing .Slade's 'slate-writing lm gives' an account of!a local koance held at Mr Green|s, ...but we .haveriot , room .for further extracts. In . conclusion," ' wbTnay add1' thtit we review f.lie! bpbk.'simply' as curiqus and interest ing reading!)) " 