DEATH OF HANLAN. . - " ' ! London, Jurie 11. " "The'Daily Telegraph, in a special issue, fan-- nounces the death. nflEd ward Hanlan, the champion sculler of the world, who was recentlJ E®P95ted .to ,b.ara be») ptostl»ted; within attack pf.fevpr.-,u; ,V ill H 'livVrj General regret will be evoked by tbe 'death of Hanlan, the champion oarsman of the worldi His performances haver been such as stamp him as being'the best man that ever sat in a racing boat, ait, -Combined' wiGvlhe pluck'- an "simirja that are sbbriecbssafy'to 'cdh'ilule A' fitst-class sculler, Hanlan had mastered the secret of thd sliding seat in a manriefthat- placed him far be-! yond all his copipoora, and jio made his success in tho varioue'mhtch'bs 'iiP'cbfiteated during his career a matter of oertainty before he started!; Ho has been rightly "described as a phenomenon! scullor, and.it .will probably he ruapy ypqrg be-! fote'liis iike is sepii;'4gaihV, ;£fqnla'n ,wq uorn ai! Tb'toritbj Canada',' m'I855,'aric| waa. tljorefote 27; years of age at tlio time ofHia 'death. During his early years he followed the occupation of a fljherman, and a? ejrly ,og; tho age .of -sixteeif years " fio conipeled "gupc'qgsfuUy.!? in "a Rouble scull race on Toronto "Bay.". Tri J873\H'e'"wbn tHb' amateur scuilifi championship ai theTorqntq regatta on which occasion he defeated a . couple of men who were looked upon As bei'nj/ sculler of move than- average pierit. Next year he won the championship 'of Burlington Bay, and in the sap e year ho defeated "two promjqeqt scullers,' ;£b&3dd''aW'I)pahl.')ir 'jifiij Gbvgj-noglG'enpraj'ij prize.'' 'l8|'-.£i'!!yiji", Eng)ji|/ : anfl beat Hawdon, who Was tliefi an' aspirant for chain! pionshjp hoiipurs, jn tjiq most riflipulous fashiofa.'' Elliot', 1 /who' jygs. tfien- : qfiampion bl-. England;'- challenged Hapjan, anq got beaten iri a manner, that ; caused' no" ; small ) surprise an'd"' starilped the'Cahadjan as a rivoiider.''; |He'lifefally>'jroWea down his limn from;,stort'Uo Ahish. 'atttt; Aever gave him the ghost of ashow..:itEpglish1'bai!snT(eh now fully Veco|'Hised' Hanlaii's wonderful powers, and no ono caring to tackle hjm lip' Tpturned to Canada, and after tlie Courtenay fiaado, - when Courtepay'3 boat was cut in two on the eve ot the race, he beat Riley. In'lTune, 1880, lie was beaten by VYaflace Ross,:'in the Hop Bitters' rao'e, dWifig to Budden illness,' and' his first piateli with Trickett was then 'made.- The raoe'wasTOwefl'on the 15 th November, 1881, oh'tlio' Thames,' and the Cana dian wonder beat the' colonial yely Badly.'1 Man- Ian, whoso conduct' on' evpry' ifiatch" commanded tho highest praisoV' was then ohailj'ngefl £y to row qp the Tynp, and Triaketj jyi' informed; that if lfq waptgdanqthgir jriafhecqpidbeaccom-i modated/ after ' tije lpatph wi jll -Boyd; - 'Both: ma't'ciiea wora certainties for Hanlan, who, after; beating Royd, . easily vqnquiahedTTrickett m moi;ohoHo\v> style1 tfian-he-did1 on1 'thefiralAcca- sion. These riiatolps are of' so rpberit'bceurrence 1 thait there ismo necessity to refer1 particularly- to them. Hnnlan af tor 'beating Trickett,.. returned) toUanada," arid wqs, iqatpbed tp jrqvj Rosa on tho; 19th of thiff-montK"J Tteceri'lly a telegram 111-' formod us that tlie. inatcli lipl bopp .postponed! owing to'HAHlan's iljness!; and it 'would now ap-: poaras if that iljngas wasjmuch pyre serious than was firsf'anticipated. and'culnnnated in the; death of a man. ljrho.yvas foremqgt as an oarsman, ; and commandod tlio respeot of' All- whe came in- contact with-hip'torhishonBsfy; A'ge. ! — — — t,U u ; In South- Australia it 'is'leriously proposed: that 'juviinlle smoking shall be Btopped by legis- 1 lation. Boys under 16 must not enjoy the no-; xious weed under penalty "of immediate punish- ' 'ihfel : Said the former - resident ! of Toxas— " I was innocent of the thoft'-of -tli6se> horses, but ray breaking gaol and running away makes fools think I was guilty;1 . - However; if I had stayed and asserted my innooeribe,1 they'd have lynohed me, sol never rogretl<M'thq!8j:,,'<-'!!!K':- "\Vheroi!'is tjie!'qgjgj;yiEpr tflg Prevention of Cruelty. 'to' Anpualg ? Thb 'Kyneton Guardian says Wfion'th'o evening goods train arrived in Kyneton on Thursday it was found that two horsos in a trjigjc cogtaining ejght'. pr "gn con- aiguod to Ettprshank ai)d'Cq.,-Bridgewator, had got flowh;/ and- could not' ;get! up. The .track had to bo taken off,' and theTiorsea dragged out. One of them soon1 rocotorotl,' "but the othor was found to bo too weak, and it died at tho station on'Friday; The horse3 ivero in a miserably lqjf condition, and tlio animal in question evidently succumbed to starvation and exhaustion. 