,: . .;'St«t£n CCuJlctiiis (BV BUI.I.TI.UAN.) ) Work at tho colliery is going on vigorously. Miy it keep ho until all tlio coal shall Inivo been worked out of tho mountain. Mono of us would grumble then. Our Progress Committoo havo reduced their working hours by ono half. Is it for want of somotliing to do, or doesn't it pay? Aldornmniac feelings seem. to bo taking root horo. Whoro shall we fly to, Woliongong or A.1W1ML Lllil^lVllil I KJWIII'U O4IJ) iiiii I* u - ? v wiiui Tho picnic at Hicks' Point, on Saturday, was a glorious success. Tho rain that foil didn't do tho ground much harm. The anticipated miners' strike horo wont bung, thank guoibiess, and wo now breathe easier. Our town, like Sydney, should now get a clumr bill of health. Sir Henry Parkes promised the inlluontial depu tation from Wolliingnng and Bulli, some time ngo. Unit he should take into his onrnest consideration tho need of recreation grounds for thoso localities. It. appears liu bur. dune so, by leaving them' out of the list. f(.r a share of tho £100,000, Another large minstrel company is about being started hero on a bettor principlo Mum the Into ' Maggie' troupe. Several ' lambing down' cases are reported in this neighborhood of late, Larrikins and flying foxes aro committing great havoc aiming the fruit gardens hero. Water is becoming very scarce hero lattorly, and or. this account we are beginning to think that the | proposal fur a Wollongnng and Bnlli waterworks is being treated very drily. ** It. is said that tho reason why it rained1 on tho picnic on Saturday was necnuse the Clerk of the Weather was not invited to bo present, lie took oli'enco..aiKl said. 'I'll sorvo them out,' and so ho did. What a brute ! * ... Some ono says the lato Cuar's ghost has been soon in Russia, and now it appears the Kiama ghost is about to appear in lingl.ind. Wonders will never coaso. Strangers often inquire, Whoro is Bnlli i What is Bulli .' Is Bulli or; the map, &c; { All this kind of thing will bo answered satisfactorily when the Company shall have sold :ill theii land that has been laid out for tho township of Bnlli proper. Tho s»onor the better. Noah's ark here is getting into a very dilapi dated condition, and will not bo fit to take catllo on board in thu event of another ilood. But the insurance company will see to that. Jim Flanagan having given up the oyster busi ness nnd gone in for agricultuio, tho next Dapto Show should toll tales. ?' The new Licensing Act works well hero. In dulgers got tight sooner, and got homo earlior. Queon of Nations riding whips huvo found their way into tho Bnlli market and become quite fashionable. . It is to be hoped tho using of them will bo tempered with mercy. Tho latest itom on the programme hero is the orection of a new University in our midst. Pro-' fessofs are already engaged. A lovelier spot could not be found for students, as they will be able to sniff mountain air, sea breezo, valloy perfume, and a little coal-dust at the one time. , ,.. ?Unbranded pigs are still running about our streets, annoying people and destroying property. What about the Progress Committee I What an improved state of affairs wo shall have horo when the groat bug-bear to trallic, .Smodloy's Hill, shall be cut down. What a great boon it would bo to tho people of Bulli, and especially thoso living near Slack Flat, if tho 'Roads Department could only spare a few more loads of ballast to do tho untouched .places along that nasty, dirty, disagreeable, and disgrace ful piece of road. Those harbingers of tho iron horse— the railway surveyors — may be seen prowling about Bulli daily. A little more patience, and all will bo right. Only just wait for tho railway waggon, and 'we'll all havo a ride.' - -- Dming tho late hot weather, butter hns.been sold : by tlie .pint at Bulli, instead of by the pound. 