CHAPTER III. TBI DKCmiON. I Thornhill passed a restless and wakeful night, Recollections of his hopes and ambi tions that bad been dead and buried for fifteen yean stirred in his mind, mingled with f toe hesitation and shrinking timidity of a ; later tima Now the ideas and surroundings | of his early manhood seemed vividly present to him as part of his life, and now again j . and Appeared as parts of a : ^ irrevocable past, which he ; could see bat dimly across the intervening I lapse of years of quiet seclusion. Bat, in 1 spite of these warring and conflicting moods. 1 ^?^ ^ar08e.and talk«d t<» Barton he ac . cep««d the resolve to return home as a settled j and foregone conclusion. An early breakfast was taken, horses were saddled, and arrange *5® n»de with Mr. Macartney to .*9 the top of a prominent and diBtant ttountain, known as Nobby'a Look » wde and unrivalled panorama Thoiihill had mentioned this view in his conversation laat onWL*k0ue jof 8ttrPM8ing loveliness, the Ylil*d ever wn in which the con «imh^LS ^?kUtri.*".>the Picturesque were h lhmit,®8a Pn»P«ct. He en. gaged, while Burton rode to enjoy the land tags, to write some letters to his friends in angund, letters of which Burton would be and which were to be his first ss,°^:rnw'heB&h;'^to~k« from hU rest nOi raPldlt7 With which Ief!> ^ ru8faed in s accession ^ iLri118 Tind dafinK past few hours, UJJ8!1ore Bitting down to write he deter ^ a walk beside his friend for the first mile or so on his way. His active ff A00rJ,t,Stteiubled him to walk easily tint tm h« h2frt0n8 ch&ttin;? u »»e gone .faalf-^ay up the hill before. He then stopped, wished his friend a pleasant morn ing s nde, and turned to fulfil his part of arrangement be had made. * . walked thoughtfully along, descend. ?tnck' lvwt "»* nnenoy_o{ the delunous spring morning entered Thornhill s soul, and exerted all their Z^e *°w morning sun poured SS OF*,r toe eastern lsnd J.toea!pe4 in glory across the die. hSL^*JFhe 'fw^cool sir came to him, bringing balmy fragrance from grass, and flower, and tree, and was alive with the notes and voices of birds. Luoee lines of mist lay i.0001*® °* the streams, and were kindled by the sunlight into brightness as of molten silver. The^&mti;?hSSSfSSLS more^umins to ^ornhill, the overhang. tn*n8 in the iSS, track never more familiar, the hkhcJ?" Joyous denixena, never more P"°ome» never more a part of his life, than to^nifffW'n thought that he was about to quit it all, never to see it again, to leave it f°r* afaange life on the othSTeiS 3 the f^ the noise and bustle of the busy world, seemed to convey no sense of raalitv to his mind. But he forced himself to dwell npon it, to remember that he had given his family ties and his duties all muted in commanding his return. On turning round a bend in the bush track be saw a young girl in the rorf before W«n walking in his direction. She wore a Simula * EASE'S . the alflntinpr mm *uA B"_ srs?** ".'.rC.iSKw'fe'u's her through an open space in the tree tops, and shed, so it seemed to the ima gination of Thornhill, a halo of Jold^ ulojr around her. She T sleJS S figtire, light and elastic of step, and her Ml of nnconsdoi ir^ Her face glowed with the hue of health set oA by a dazzling complexion, anda oiun the bn«ht. golden bair. Bat of afcV1Sf^eip.^«ion to,d th« tale natVreatLrfSfi^mpl1^^' ^ of ? happy l£ to form bered «®®« rare beauty the prev^s^rening by that ithad newar atrodtWm in ha full light fa^Jl i to him now. as be looked aTEathESSS dear nature of the young frfd yew of her, and addedachartn to the "" rirTj^j You are taking an "orningU so SgSSgsesgSfae ^sanSi-Tat plied, audit seemed to liim m though his feelings of last night and his promises to Bar ton were bat m incidents iu a half-forgotten dream. After a time she asked, keeping her eyes fixed on the ground, " Shall yon be very long away, Mr. Thornhill f " If I go," he answered, " I shall go to stay, and shall live the rest of my life in Bog* land." A sodden impulse caused them to glance at each other. She saw, through the mist that seemed to come over her eyes, Thornhill'a look as of trouble and indecision and almost of fear. He, on hiB part, eaw that the colour bad quitted ber beautiful face, and that an expression as of alarm looked out of her steadfast eyes. They again walked slowly on in silence. Though Thornhill looked straight before him the expression of the girl's uur face and pleading eyes seemed fixed on his vision. It now came upon him as a surprise that in his conversation of the previous evening he had never for a moment thought of Mary. Of Wary, the bright girl who had grown op under his eyes, whom he had helped in her studies and in her artistic attempts, who UBed to divert him and charm him by her intelligent talk about the points of interest she met with in the books and magazines he lent her, who bad been an element of youth, and pleasure, and refinement in his solitary home. He had thought of all that he was going to find, but had utterly lost out of Bight what he would have to leave for ever. Mary, for her part, had heard his state ment with a Bhock as of surprise, mingled with other feelings which she did not try to comprehend. That Mr. Thornhill should leave Knmara and go to live in England was <a possibility of which she had never dreamed. Living remote from all other society, she and her father and Mr. Thornhill had composed a little world. and now it was threatened with ntter disruption. What was to follow it she conld not even guess. Mr. Thornhill had been her teacher and friend, while, on her side, she had requited his assistance by working as his amanuensis and secretary in regard to his scanty correspondence; had often come to the aid of his timid, shrinking disposition by acting for him in small social difficulties; had occasionally regulated his housekeeping arrangements in her pretty, mock- imperions way-so that a relation of confidence and mutual dependence had grown up between them. Nothing more than this. She asked herself, now that she learned that he was going away for ever, and she assured herself that there was nothing more. Mary felt the awkwardness of the silence, and forced herself to interrupt it " I was thinking how strange it was that I bad never for a moment thought of the chance of your ever going away from Kumara. Of course it is only natural that you should grew tired of its quietness and-" " It is not that," interrupted Thornhill, " It is not that I shall never find a place that 1 shall love like Kumara. But, as Mr. Burton points out to me " " Mr. Burton?" interrupted MiBS Macartney in ber turn. " Yes. Mr. Burton took the trouble to come out to find me to show me that various family matters urgently demanded my pre* sence at home. He shows me that I am leaving important duties unperformed by staying away from all my relatives, and that, in the interests of the family, 1, as the eldest son, ought to go home now." Thornhill was conscious as he thus represented his journey as purely a matter of obligation and duty thathewas strictly telUng die whole truth, for the attractive and inspiring ideas which had stimulated him last night seemed by this time to have faded quite away. As he looked at the serious face of the erect young Diana walking by his side, the thought of Lydia only came to his mind as an intrusive image from a distant vision. "YeB, of course, Mr. Thornhill, if the summons comes to you in that way," said the young girl in a gentle, subdued tone, "you have no choice but te go. You must pardon me taking all this rather hardly," she continued, " but it comes to me so much as a surprise. I have lived on to the present time in a very shortsighted way, and the idea of having to leave Kumara," and she looked round over the pleasant landscape, "never presented itself to me." " Nor to me," said Thornhill. " I never thought of such & thing;" he paused, not knowing how to end tbe sentence. The girl looked at him as though with sad regret, and again turned to tbe view of the blue hills and the green plains. Presently she said, " After all, it must be very pleasant to you to think that you are going home to take the place among your friends and in yonr family that seems to have been kept vacant for you. You will have laiger work and higher duties than you hare found here." "I do not know," he replied in an absent manner. Then, rooeing himself and steadying his thoughts, be proceeded-" It is like be ginning life again, and at a time when it is rather late to do so. Hie summons of Barton sets me, as it were, at the cross roads of life, and I find it hard to choose my way. It seems to me harder now thasit did last night In thai arranging to go home I omitted to take thought of you and of your future." The young girl slightly coloured and re sponded to his reman by a kindly look. "Oh, Mr. Thornhill, yoa have not to think of me. I shall find my way all right tome how or other." She stopped suddenly with a choking sensation in het throat, and then the shock earned by ThornhiU's announcement, and the tension which followed it, seemed to be too much for her. and her feeUags gave war till relief came in a flood of tears. The sensitive natursof Thornhill was ever impreesion^now made on 'him'was'oBe^ of iff*0tionat^ityf the '"T* V^hose till this moment-supplied the Mghtestand beet pert of Ma life (or yean. He had not felt tUl now sSl. that to him, all that he mast be io ber. Hetondsriytook.her dm, .. "You most tot mind mp, Mr. ThprahUl: I am bot^aiUyJW. In our quietUfe*t Knmara I harenot been accustomed toaur oc^wMfaMofKiy kind-and *hey gMllrmakcmebcUTe In a vetyfooliih Bntftis gftwj overdtog>ther.w The young girl's fwe ^ doqueat with <iHki KM irltk Tbotuhill looks* aft he* and wonder#! H* w<M«d«Md it feirown bUndMss. This' I act dream. Why should, he go to the other side of the world to seek for love or duties? Where ooald he find either better than here? It vu not only the growth of the girl into a woman which catna to him m a discovery. He discovered also howmuch be belonged to her, how much thejr belonged to each other. As for hi« family relations in his distant home, relations that had aonkr into neglect and oblivion for many years, what was the nse of trying to revive them, and recall the vanished old time again. It coald bat be a vain endeavour and a failure. «? All tilth suffered change; For surely now onr household he*iih> are sold; Our eons inherit us: our looks we strange: And we should come like ghosts to trouble joy." The tide of feeling still swelled high in Thomhill's breast. He felt that now the resolution must be taken that would decide bis future life, " Mary," he said, " my sweet girl, I would never dream of going to England to seek in my long forsaken home for dating, for family tieB, for-love, if I could find them here. There is only one way in which l coala fipd them, and that depends on your decision." " On mine!" and she looked fet Vntti a startled glance, through which he thonght a timid look of deep joy peeped through. lie took her hand, and, his old hesitation and irresolution now quite shaken off, he looked in her eyes with a gaze as steady and coniid⁢ as her own. " Mary, my darling girl, will you be my wife?" She let her hand reBt in his. The rich tell-tale blood glowed through her trans parent skin, and her eyes for a moment lowered. The two seemed for the instant to have exchanged their manners and Bpirits. Be stood erect and firm, decided and master ful, she seemed to sink into bereelf, and her gaze woffe an abstract, dreamy expression. It was only for a moment. She returned the clasp of hiB hand, and said with a bright, radiant, though half-faltering, smile " Dir. Thornhill, surprises and excitements are following rather too fast to- day. I'll not try to think of an answer till to-morrow." But she let her hand remain in his firm grasp, and hand in hand they turned into the garden together. Thornhill was quite satisfied that he had hiB answer. Twoor three hours laterinthe day. Burton and Mr. Macartney rode up to the house. Thornhill and Mary rose from their chairs in the verandah to receive them. " It is, indeed, a magnificent view," ex claimed Burton ; " well worth twenty times the ride to see. But how have you got on, Thornhill ? Have you written the letters and made your arrangements ?" " I have made my arrangements very happily," answered Thornhill. " But I have not written the letters. I shall not go to England. I shall stay here." His voice had a steady, quiet firmnesB in it now. His calm tones showed that the reso lution now made was a final one. And the look of fond recognition which passed between him and Mary as he made the decla ration told its own tale quite explicitly to so keen an observer as Burton. Burton looked, for a moment only, from one to the other, at the calm dignity and queenly beauty of Mary, at the firm, self reliant air of Thornhill, as of a man who had, after long hesitation, found his way at last. He took in the situation at a glance and re marked, . "After all, Thornhill, though I am rather disappointed, I believe that you are right, and that you have chosen well." THE END. 