Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.-HUDIBRAS. A SOCIABLE man is one who, when he has ten minutes to spare, goes and bothers somebody who nasn't. A wit being asked, on the failure of a bank, " Were you not upset V replied: " No; I only lost my balance." An English artist haß photographed swallows on the wing, and fixed the reflection they threw on a pond in passing over. Patrick (dressing for a party): "Bedad, now, and I shan't be able to git on these boots till I'vo worn them a toime or two." " I think the gooso has the advantage of you," said a lady to an inoxpert boarder who was carv ing. " Guess it has, mum—in age," was the withering retort. The British Court of Chancery has decided that a man cannot dispose of his own corpse by will, as there can be no property in the dead body of a human being. "Ain't that a lovely critter, John?" said Jo "Waal, yes,' said John; "but heis droffuny freckled, ain't he?" Magistrate : "Do you know the nature of an oath, my boy?" Witness (promptly): "Yes, sir. Must take it, sir—'relse I can't be member ParP ment, sir I"—Punch. A Japanese student of English being required to write a treatise upon the domestic animal, handed in the following:—"The cat is a small cattle. When he sees a rat ho luminates his eyes." Sitting Bull, the American Indian chief, is credited with remarking, in a thoughtful manner: "What a pity it is that our forefathers, the nobld sons of the forest, failed to pass an anti-European bill early in the seventeenth century." A French officer said to a Swiss colonel: " How is it that your countrymen always fight for money, while we French always fight for honour?" The Swiss shrugged his shoulders and roplied: "I suppose it is because people arc apt to fight for that which they need most." A lawyer once said to a countryman in a smock frock who was undergoing his examination in the witness-box: "You in a smock frock, how are you paid for lying V " Less than you are, un fortunately," was the reply, " or you would be in a smock frock too." "How are you getting along?" asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at mid night as a ghost. Ghost: Very well, indeed—much better than during my twenty years married life on earth." Widow (delighted): " Then you are in heaven?' "Oh, no." Scene in the Auditorium of a Theatre.— Actor (who has appeared in the first piece): "Good evening! May I take the seat next to you?" Lady: * Certainly; but don't you appear anymore to-night?" Actor: "No." Lady: IJOh, I'm so glad I Please Bit down." A young man who thought ho had won tho heart and now asked the hand in marriage of a certain young widow was asked by her, What is the difference between myself and Mr. Baxter's Durham cow?" He naturally replied, "Well, I don't know." " Then," said the widow, " you had better marry the cow." Heard in a Sculpture Exhibition, — A marble group represents an old man, having in his arms a child, who pulls his beard. A little child, who had been looking at tho statue thought fully, asked his mother: "I say, mamma, why does the old man make a grimace ? It can't hurt him, since he is a stone." A man went into a drug store and asked for something to cure a headache. The druggist held a bottle of hartshorn to his nose, and he was nearly overpowered by its pungency. As soon as he recovered he began to rail at tho druggist, and threatened to punch his head. "But didn't it help your headache?" asked the apothecary. "Help my headache!" gasped the man. >rI haven't any headache. It's my wife that's got tho headache. James Braqkmann came very suddenly to tho conclusion that he wanted a wife. He is a Colo rado mine owner, but was staying at the Planters' Hotel, St. Louis, when he fell into this frame of mind. Starting out from his room, the first woman he saw was a tidy chambermaid. He popped the question to her instantly. She as bluntly declined; but, on learning that ho was rich and in earnest, changed her answer to yes. The wedding was held next day. He happened to press the foot of a young lady who was sitting next the door, in getting out of a street car. The damsel, compressing her brows in an awe-inspiring frown, ejaculated: "You clumsy wretch!" Most men would have looked foolish and apologised, but our hero was equal to tho occasion. "My dear young lady," ho ex claimed, " you should have feet large enough to be seen, and then they wouldn't be trodden upon." Her brow relaxed, her eyes sparkled, her lips smiled, and the injury was forgotten. The latest triumph of scene painting is recorded by the veracious Paris newspapers. The manager of a Paris theatre recently imported an elephant from Persia to figure in an Asiatic spectacle. When tho animal was first brought upon tho stage it astonished the company by making demonstra tions of extreme dolight. Everybody was puzzled, till it was discovered that the scenery represented the public square in Ispahan. Then all was clear. The scene was so true to nature that the elephant fancied himself back at homo, and rejoiced accord ingly ! Many years ago, when new sects in New Eng: land began to break the good old Congregational barriers, and mako incursions into the shccpfolds of the regular clergy, a reverend divine, a map of good sense and goon humour, encountered tin irre gular practitioner at the house of one of his flock. They had a pretty hot discussion on their points of difference, and at length the interloper wound up by saying: " Well, Doctor, you'll at least allow that it was commanded to preach the Gospel to every critter?" "True," rejoined the Doctor, "true1 enough. But then I never heard it was com manded to every 'critter 1 to preach the Gospel." 