TOPICS OF THE DAY. (By Vihqinius.) RAILWAY EXTENSION. The Railway Bill brought in by the lion, tho Minister of Railways has set the several localities interested in the question of rail way extension agitating in favor of such lines as would most benefit their immediate localities. The securing of the traffic from Srtan Hill at the present time absorbs great attention in Ballnrat, and a deter mined movement is being made quietly to apcura a lino of railway from Boort to Swan Hill. This lino, which is to bo agitated for in preference to the con tinuation of the line fro in Kerang, has nothing to recommend it, and without a deal of consummate cheek upon the part of any party agitating w.mld not have the ghost of a show. Ballarat aud its membors however, never lack the necessary amount of assurance when tho possession of such a quality is desirable in order to gain any end aud those who aro in favor of the continua tion of tho Kerang line on to Swan Hill are -likely to bo suufied outf unless they gird up their loins and form themselves into a union for the purpose of obtaining their ends. The movement which is on foot for tho connec tion of Boort with Swan Hill is very quietly conducted, but it is one which cannot bo despised for all that, and tho residouts of Sandhurst who have some stake in the matter should be stirring. Tho immtMiae advantages in favor of the lino from Korang to Swan Hill ovor those in favor of Boort to Swan Hill aro easily enough seen. The distance from Boort to Swan Hill would require 70 miles of railway construction, whilst that from Kerang would only necessitate gome 31 mHos. Besides this, tho distance from tho metropolis through Ballarat and via Boort would bo something like 2-4 miles longer than by way of Eaglchawk and Kerang. Tho question is decidedly ripe for discussion, and the peoplo in tho Sandhurst and other districts interested should look after tho construction of this line, and not think, bocause it has been placet} in the schodule of lines, that it is likely to bo carried out when strong opposition is shown to it by the active and energetic members for tho Ballarat and intermediate constituencies. Another most important line in tho matter of railway extension, which Deems to havo escaped tho notice of our railway enthusiasts in this district, is tho question pf cqnnecting tho Laanecoorio district with Sandhurst by rail. At tho present time tho Sandhurst markets are . those which tho whole Loddon district, including Sholbourne, Woodstock, and Laanecoorio, supplies with necessary articles of consumption, an4 also draws its own supplies. Railway communication with these places is highly desirable, aud unless amovomont is made in favor of a short lino oonnecting Sandhurst with tho localities in question, the iioxt extension of lines from Melbournewards will deprive the Sandhurst market of its produce locality, and divorfc away from this, city some of its customers These aro both prominent mattor3 in connection with railway oxtenaion which should occupy the attention of our public and other leading men of this and the dis tricts interested. ■ SPECULATORS AND INVESTORS. My remarks last Wodnosday seem to havo particularly nettled somo members of the Excliaugo, and a somewhat injudicious haste has been shown to fit upon their own heads tho cap by some of tho members in question. It is somewhat astonishing to find that tho membors of the Exchange, who took tho trouble to call attention to my remarks, should have done so, as ono would imagine that nothing short of a repudiation in a large j share transaction would have penotrated to tho sensitive portion of their thick skins, i Theae knights of the pencil apparently live in such an atmosphere—redolent of share lists and prioes, arid how to squeeze the last penny of commission -out of some client— that they havo novor hoard of the complaints of investors, and even if told how investors look upon the very loose-manner in which business is transacted in the local market, are too short-sighted in their policy to give the matter even a passing thought. My remarks last Wednesday were more directed against the association of non- members of tho Exchange than members of the Exchange, who aro bound by soma few silken threads towards a decent manner in doing thai; brokerage. A strong argument is adduced that nothing can bo done to avert the evils which surround our present system of mining speculation, but there could bo done much that would mitigate tho evil. Is it not a notorious fact that bookmakers mako five or six different sales of' stocks without making a single entry, although thousands of pounds are hanging upon these transac tions! Is not this a" loose way of- transacting business] How qfteh also is'it fliijt speculators are treated to acts of repudiation which would be ventilated in a court of Jaw if the espouse were not a bar / These oircumstanoos jt njuafc bo fairly said aro not oommon to members of the Exchange, but oven with them tho Ex change has beoa called upon to decide uponi important questions bearing almost similar relations. " Theso are about tho moat avaricious sot of men I know," remarked a visitor qne day, " so much so that they aro afraid of losing a commission by entering a sale in a proper manner." Sale notes in this market are conspicuous by their absence, aud a man is subject at any time to the word of tho broker who does his business tor him. I am told that my remarks are likely to do much harm to tho mining industry, but I am quite confident that if tho present system of brokers and speculation generally, and not investment as carried on ijowra-cjays, die} £>s JittJe harm as my last article, the district would havo much, to congratulate itself upon. Au idea of the stylo of business which rules at tho present time may bo gainod when wo find a broker boasting that ho "does'ntknow the mine and does not want to. The market's quite sufficient for me." A nice broker certainly, to advise a cliout upon the merits or otherwise of any company in which lie might be interested. There appears to be only one course that can be adopted to mitigate tho evils surrounding mining, and this must be done through tho Legislature. A system of sworn brokers must be intro duced, and until such a time arrives investors in mining must accept' the risks . thoy incur iu entering in tho somewhat hazardous labyrinth surrounding mining speculation and gambling. I had formed a hope that the Mining Exchange iu Sandhurst would have made some effort to purity the present surroundings of ; tho system of brokerage and brokers' transactions with clients, but the dull lethargy which characterises this body would appear to make it unequal and unable to copt3 "with the emergency. MUNICIPAL NEGLECT. ■ The coming elections in August will afford our ratepayers an opportunity of interrogat ing their representatives in the council as to their past conduct, and possibly enlightening thorn as to tiie necossity there is for arising from the apathetic condition into which they havo allowed themselves to lapse. Recent re marks'upon tho inattention of the council as a whole to their duties has had some effect, and members appear to be drawing much more sensible conclusions than have characterised their actions pro piously. This, however, must not deceive tho general body of ratepayers, as wo nearly always find our city councillors upon the stool of repentance and very solicitous about city improvements upon the eve of an election. What wo require is that these gv.ntlemon should be equally solicitous and energetic during tho other two years and nine months of tlioir councillorship as they are the three months before the day of election. Thus we find the three gentlemen who are to como before their constituents mighty obliging, whilst Mr. Clark is still combative and disposed to ob struct public business whilst he hasnot.the fear of an election coming off. It is just this utter disregard of the feelings of the public that is so strongly objected to, and it appears tolerably certain that these gentlemen, who nretend to take an interest in tho welfare of the city will have to be taught a severe lesson before we can hopo for the necessary improvement in their behaviour at the coun cil table. There is no time like winter to, bring forth the defects of a city, and the defects of Sandhurst City are woeful in the extreme. We never had a more dilapidated, disgustingly dirty, abortion of a city than we have at the present time, and we owe it simply to the penny-wise^and-pound-foolish system which has guided our . not-very-wise citv fathers in their expenditure of public moneys. Wo turn neither to the right nbr to the left without meeting indisputable evidence of the incompetency which is shown in tho management of our public affairs ;and all this the outcomo of solid obstinacy upon tho part of the patriarchs who have not a brilliant idea in their united brains, and who are too vniri and obstinate to accept sensible advice and suggestions. Whatever may be the outcome of the forthcoming eleotions, the ratepayers need not complain that the mattor lias not boon prominently beforB them, and lethargy upon their part at such a juncture would simply deserve tho neglect of their representatives to tlioir wants for the next decade. WAIFS AND STRAYS. The unfortunate case of the woman Dillon and her daughter, who were found in such a pitiful state of destitution last Saturday evening, in Muudy-atreet, brings onco more forcibly under our notice tho well-known maximum that " ono half the world never knows how tho other half lives." Here were two women in a populous locality absolutely dying by inches, and yet not a soul seemed to be aware of the miserable state of the occupants of tho hut. We lutve chanty preached every other day, and evory bunday by our ministers of religion, and yet what a mockery it seems that in the very midst of us there should actually bo those poor souls slowly fading out of existence. Our en thusiasm and our pockets are opened to some heart-rending appeal from some distant shoro, but they seem by somo unaccountable impulse to be closed and sealed against tho cries of the friend less and homeless in our own immediate district. The condition of affairs which met the sight of the authorities whon thoy burst open tho doors of that wretched hovel on-last Saturday revealed a picture which must have been heartrending. Not only this, but the existenco of this condition of affairs should surely have bean takon cngnizanco of by the neighbors, and they should have least have bad some idea of what was going on in that wretched home. It is a common saying that neighbors' eyos are prying everywhere, and they would havo been fitly prying in this instance. Rut the delicacy which just pre vents stepping beyond a certain bound to which curiosity brings us, doubtless lefc the unfortunate mother to surrender in misery and destitution her soul to the Supreme Being, and send her daughter into the hospital almost a maniac, and almost incur able; whilst tho second victim (Dr. Waldeck) was allowed to " shuffle off this mortal coil" in circumstances hardly less distressful. What an.irony Buch circumstances as these are upon the boasted civilization of tho 19th contury, 