SOME HUMOROUS CHAP*BOOKS. "What are chap-books ?" is question that may well be asked without any loss of digunity, and without the sensation that yo ? "'erpo ung ror i o-sn Pearly loved a the little books are by collectors, they are scarce-consequently, somewhat high in price-and very rarely come within thekenof ordinary readers. What has be. come of the hundreds of thousands of these books that were sold during the last entury, is a problem hard to solve. The greater number have become worn, torn, scattered, lost; the fire has claimed some; the butter man utilised others; and the devouring maws of the paper-mills have accounted for the er tinction of more. Their price was so low usaually a penny-that there was no incentive to preserve them; whilst, being in the form of unsewn tracts, they were exposed to all the accidents of tearing and soiling. We who in these latter days are so abund antly anpplied with cheap and good litera tare, can hardly refrain from a smile at the mental food that was supplied to the genera tions who read chap-books. But we musoat not forget that in cottage homes and among the laboring classes, money was scarcer then than now, and that the very defective means of intercommunication rendered the visit of the pedler or chapman, who carried these tracts-whence the name-an event to be looked forward to. He certainly carried an assortment of literature to suit all tastes; and his price was so moderate that any one, almost, could make a purchase from the "flying stationer," as he was called in later times. Did you wish Bible stories ?-there were Joseph and his Brethren, The Gospel of icodemus, The Life of Joseph of Arimathea. Or revel in the diabolical !-then you might have the histories of Friar Bacon and Dr. Faustus, or the dread secrets revealed in The Witch of the Woodlands. If any one wanted to go sleepleas to bed and start at his own shadow, he could do so by reading TheDuke of Buckingham's Father's Ghost, or the Ports mouth or Guildford Ghost; and if he were purely superstitions, then there were The Interpretation of Dreams and Moles, the prophecies of nixoand MotherShipton, and many kinds of Fortune Books. In the de partment of Romance you might have Rey. nacl the Fox, Valentine and Onmion. Fort. natns, Guy of Warwick, Sir Bevis of Hamp ton, St. George, Patient Grissel. Jack and the Giants, Tom Hickathrift orTom Thumb; whilst of humorous ones you could have a wide choice. Should your taste run on old stories, Adam Bell, Robin Hood, The Blind Beggarof Bethnal Green, orThe Babes in the Wood, might suit you. History ranged from the time of the Romans to Charles L, or later, including Fair Rosamond, Jane Shore, Wat Tyler, and Whittington. There were also short accounts of popular books, such as Sir John Manderille's Travels, Robinson Cruoe, and many others, even in eluding such different themes as Cookery re ceipts and .Eeop's Fables. All these, however, are but a tithe of the assortment the purchaser had to choose from. The writer ha made a list of over one hundred and twenty ishoe, by one tirm alone during the latter half of the last century, a time when chap-books were in their glory, when they had w-oodcuts which really plr tained to them, and were not the miserable reprints, principally published in northern towns in the early part of this century, on t bad paper, in wretched worn-out type, and with engravings taken at haphazard. In giving a few apecimens of these old chap. I books, let us begin with the Wise Men of " Gotham, which was written by Andrew ' Borde or Boorde, Doctor of Physic, who lived in the end of the fifteenth and begin. ing of the sixteenth centuries, was educated at Oxford, became a Carthusian monk, and who, on the suppression of his order by Henry VIIL, escaped abroad, and travelled over many parts of Europe and some portion of Africa. Settled at Montpellier as a physi. cian, the eccentric doctor also practised as such on his return to England; and from some causeo, now unknown, he was imprisoned in the Fleet, where he died in 1549. The Wise MIen of Gotham are a collection of tales of the most amazing and stolid stupidity of the inhabitants of the county of Nottingham, as tale number three will testify : "On a time the Men of Gotham would fain have pinned in the Cuckoo, that she might sing all the year. All in the midst of the town they had a hedge made round in compass, and got a Cuckoo, and put her into it, and said: Sing here, and you shall lack neither meat nor drink all the year.--The Cuckoo, when she perceived herself encompassed within the hedge, flew away.-A vengeance on her, aid these Wise Men; we made not the hedge high enough." Tale fire will match it. "A Man of Gotham bought at Nottingham Market a trivet [or three-legged stooll, made of bar. iron, and going home with it, his shoulder grew weary of the carriage; he set it down, and seeing it had three feet, said : Thou hast three feet, and I but two; thou shalt bear me home, if thou wilt. So set himself down on it, saying: Bear me salowasrhI ore bore th, For If thou dlt not, tLhou halt sand Iill for me. The Man of Gotham seeing that his trivet would not move-Stand still, said he, in the Mayor's name, and follow me if thou wilt; and I can show thee the way.-When he went home his wife asked him where the trivet was. He told her it had three legs, and he but two, and he had taught it the ready way to his house; and therefore it might come home itself if it would.-Where did you leave the trivet! said the woman. At Gotham Bridge, said he.-So she imme diately went and fetched the trivet; other. wise she must have lost it, on account of her husband's want of wit." Tale seven is a story of still more crass stupidity. "One Good-Friday the Men of Gotham consulted together what to do with their white herrings, red herrings, sprats, and salt fhi: and agreed that all such fish should be cast into the pond or pool in the middle of the town, that the numberof them might increase against the next year. There fore, every one that had any fish left did cast them immediately into the pond. Then said one: I have as yet gotten left so many red herrings.-Well, said another, and I have left so manywhitings.-Another immediately cried out: I have as yet gotten so many sprats left. And said the last: I have as yet gotten so many salt fishes; let them go together in the great pond without distinc tion, and we may be sure to fare like lords the next year.-At the beginning of the next Lent, they immediately went about drawing the pond, imagining they should have the fish; but were much surprised to find no thing but a great eeL-Ab ! said they, a mischief on this eel, for he hath eaten up our fish. What must we do with him! said one to the other. Kill him, said one. Chop him in pieces said another. Nay, not so, said the other: let us drown him. Be it accordingly so, replied them all So they immediately went to another pond, and cast the eel into the water. Lie there, said these wise men, and shift for thyself, sinc you may not ex pct any help of us. So they left the eel to be drowned." Before dismissing these Merie Tales," as they are designated on the title-page, it may be stated that there are two Cothams in England-one in Notts, and the other on the south coast- which has led to some diffienlty as to which of the two certain of the tales refer. The honor, how ever, is certainly a dubious one ! Joe Miller's name is a household word, and it is a proverb to sal of a stale joke, "That is a very old Joe.' He was born in 1654, and died in 173S; and his character is well summed up in his epitaph-which was visible on his tombstone as lately as 1S52, in St. Clement's burial-ground, Portugal street. nowdestroyed : " Here Lye the Remains of honest Jo MLL.LR, who was a tender Hus band, a Sincere friend, a facetious compan ion, and an excellent Comedian, &c.;" His jests were collected by John Mottley, a dramatist, and first published in 1739. The chap- book version-published about 1750 has many extraneous jokes; but those given below are veritable "Joes," and may be found in Mottley's first edition. "An Irish lawyer of the Temple having occasion to go to dinner, left this direction in the keybole: Gone to the Elephant and Canrle, where you will find me; and if you cannot read this, carry it to the Stationer's, and he will read it for you." "A gentleman who had been a-shooting brought home a small bird with him, and having an Irish servant, he asked him if he had shot that little bird. Yes, be told him. Arrah, by my faith, replied the Irishman, it was not worth the powder and shot, for this little thing would have died in the fall." "A young fellow riding down a steep hbill, doubting if the foot of it was boggish, called oat to a clown that was ditching, and asked if it was hard at the bottom. Ay, answered the countryman; it is hard enough at the bottom, I warrant you. But in half-a-dozen steps the horse sank up to the saddle-girths, which made the young gallant whip and spur and utter oaths. rascal, said he to the ditcher, didst thou not tell me that it was hard at the bottom! Ay, said the ditcher: but you are not half-way to the bottom yet." "An Englishman and a Welshman disput ing in whose country was the best living; said the Welshman: There is such noble housekeeping in Wales that I have known above a dozen cooks to be employed at one wedding dinner. Ay, replied the English. man, that was because every man toasted his own cheese." "A certain lady of quality sending her Irish footman to fetch home a pair of new stays, strictly charged him to take a coach if it rained, for fear of wetting them. But a great shower falling, the fellow returned with the stays dripping wet; sad being serely reprimaned for not doing as hewas ordered, he aid he had obeyed hin orders. How then, answered the lady, could the stays be wet, if you took them in the coach with you??-No, repliaed honest Teague; I know my place better. I did not get into the coach, but rode behind, as I always used to do." One more extract must close this notice of Joe Miller's jests. "A country clergyman meeting a neighbor who never came to church, although an old fellow about sixty, he gave him some reproof on that account, and asked him if he never read at home. No, repliedtheclown; Icannotread. Idaresay, suard the parson, you don't know who made you? Not I, in troth, said the countryman. A little boy coming by at the time: Who male you, child ! said the parson. GCod, sir, said the boy. Why, look you there, quoth the clergyman; are you not ashamed to hear a child tre or six years old tell me who made him, when you, who are so old a man, can not :--Ah : sid the countryman, it is no wonder ithat he shotuld rrmmbermr; he was male but the ither day, and it is a long while, mua-ter, since I was nmade." What can we do, each of us, to helpothers to ?ear their burden of aalness ? This-if uwe are merry, our mirth will not be lessened by trying to bring good cheer to others less fortunate than ourselmes: if we are too sad, our audneas will be made lighter by forgetting ourselves in thinking for others, 