AMUSEMENT* THE DRAMA. It would be well if the dramatic star3 of the northern hemisphere were content to plcaso instead of Booking to astonish audiences at the antipodes, Australians are peculiar in many respects, and in none more than in gauging new chums and sojourners In nccord anco with their deserts. It therefore hot un irequontiy Happens that tho preliminary flourish of trumpets, the big drum and testimo nial business, fall flatly upon the ears of those who prefer passing by on the other sido in lieu of walking up just in time. Now we have had several heaven-descended geniuses alighting from time to time npon the colonial stage, under circumstances of great (Mt, but some how neither their supernal origin nor their mundano credentials prevented people from exorcising their rights of private judgment, even though that Bhould bo found in direct varianco with London authorities. We were not afforded the opportunity of witnessing Miss Jenny Leo's first appoarance as Jo on Saturdayeveninglast, at thoPrincess'sTheatre. We believe, however, that tho place wa3 then crowded, as overy houso is upon the occasion of any novelty baiug produced ; aud further, wo gather that tho little stranger was vouch safed a very hearty welcome. Monday follow ing was a frost, a bitter frost, and it was under the chilling conditions of an array of empty benches in nearly all parts of the houso that wo had the felicity of beholding the Jo that struck an enthusiastic critic as -being 03 lifo like as though ho (Jo) had stepped from the book, whatever that may imply. But fanci ful comparisons conceived in defiance of or ganic laws, and rounded phrases culled from uinuujjBii mu uoirera oi x-ornassus soem ridicu lous unless they bear a just relation to the object of those flattering encomiums. We confess we fail to regard Miss Lee's Jo as any. thing moro than a clever, woll-atudiod, consls. tent, and tolerably realistic impersonation. She has the natural advantages of size and Btage appearance. Her voice is admirably suited to tho part, and her London and New' York ex periences must have given her ample scope for tho study of street Arabs in their nativo 6lo ment. With those aids, a good knowledge of her business, and evident intelligence, nothing less than a capital portraiture of tho hnpleBS waif could be expeoted- at tho lady's hands. That she is the beat Jo, bo to apeak, witnessed in the colonies, oannot, we think, be gainsaid. Her 'biz' is unexaggeratod, there is a due admixture, of shrewdness, Berio-comicality and genuine feeling in the delineation ; and wera tho character bettor sot In .the drama the effect might be made much more powerful. Bnt Mr. Burnott'sadaptation of BlcakHouse,Uke almost cvory other, la opon to much adverse criticism. The playwright appears to start upon his work with the idea that everybody knows, from read ing the book, all about Jo's Bufferings, and by reproducing these upon the stage, he thinks it only necessary to secure one or two dramatic, situations, and what with limelight and rag gcdness, with the usual premonitory symptoms of approaching dissolution and various scenic . accessories, tho dramatisation is achieved. Now, judging from the incidents introduced, Jo is rather a luck}' young dog than otherwise He gets five shillings from one, half-a-crown from another, and actually a sovereign from a third. He plys his trade as a crossing sweeper aa deftly, and answers questions as cheekily, as the veriest larrikin. Bucket, the dreadful detective, who is supposed to bo always making Jo move on, is represented aa a good-humored, amiable individual, who al most embraces Hortenso in kindly considera tion when arresting her for murder, and who is always represented laughing except at tho close, when Joe pillows his head upon hi*3 breast and give3 np the ghost. Besides, al though Jo is selected as the title of the drama, the character, so far as tho plot is con cerned, is not only subordinate, but almost superfluous. He is brought upon the scene when the coroner's jury are engaged delivering themselves of their verdict upon the cirenm 6tance3 attending tho death of tho wretched Nemo. He looks with a scrutinising leer upon the beadle's gorgeous livery, and answers the questions put to him by the consequential coroner with an amusing disregard for tho awful presence in which the urchin find3 him self. He is met with at the crossing, at tho gate of tho old churchyard, at Mr. Snagsby's little parlor, at Chesney Wold, but he is al ways treated sumptuously, everything con sidered. It is not until the last scene, when Jo's broom has been hypothecated, or other wise disposed of, that ho Booms to have got thoroughly down on his luck, and even then little Gus brings out a hamper of good things, with which to regale her former sympathiser and incipient sweetheart. True, Jo inform3 her that he has been in the hospital, aud tho old woman employed by Bucket to hunt up the lad is unkind in her remarks ; but apart from this there seems no just reason (from a dramatic standpoint) why Jo should havo died a miserable outcast. As a drama tho piece is simply a wretched pieco of patchwork, Tho characters are shadowy, the incidents fragmentary,' the plot treated as of secondary importance, while the dialogue, by a specie? of manipulation, is what might be described not unlike that of Bleak House with the Dickem flavor eliminated. Possibly there may bo Boino kind, paternal, beaming-countenanced de tectives such as Mr. Burnett sefks to repre sent, but they certainly are not typical. De tectives, as a rule, are cold, dry, hard, and not very susceptible. If, in their mental consti tution, they present any peculiarity, it is in the nature of a quiet cynicism that Indicates contempt and distrust of their fellow men. They are not necessarily devoid of feeling, but tho chance3 are that if ono of them found Jo iu the street extremis he would hail a cab and Bend the boy to the ho3pital instead of gotting a calcium light to play on his features while he superintended the boy's last moments. We always regarded Miss Juno as ponderou3, though not altogether without grace and cle ganco in her movements and g_et up. Her Lady Dedlock was more than elephantine, while her artificiality of enunciation, and her formidable hexameter stylo of expression were precisely in keeping with her massive concep tion of the character. Nothing could be more deadly-lively aristocratic than tho Sir Lei ceater of Mr. Hoskin*, There is something amiable, if ? not cheering, in the acting of thi3 gentleman. He is courtly, refined and scholarly) albeit a trifle preachy, and although the sunset glow alone upw tinges the bays that encircle his brow, he is found occasionally adding, by his efforts, a lustre to hia former greatness, and recalling to those who remem ber him in h'i3 salad days something of tho brightness of hU meridian glory. Our versa tile friend, Mr. Harwood, whoso dulcet , voice and winning style Bhed an effulgence upon the lyric stage for a while, appeared as Mr. Tulk inghorn, and so far 83 geutility of appearance, official solemnity of manner, and a due regard for the gravitation of ponderable bodies when Bhot dead went, ho was super-excelleut. Mr. Harwood,nomatterinwhatcharacterheappear3 must bo a favorite. He is the ablest all-round aotor on the colonial stage. Our only regret is that he should not bo associated with the management, in order to ensure popularity to their regime. Miss Solango Navaro'a Hor tenso was, to our mind, the ablest piece of aot-' ing of tho kind witnessed in Melbourno for. a considerable time. It deserves a fuller notice than our space admits. Hor French extrac tion, hor figuro and manner, Buited her for the. part, but independently of these advantages sho imparted a lifo, a vigor and ah earnest ness to tho rile that immediately arrested attention, and proved that she possessed powers of no common order. Mr. Stuart O'Brien conld not bo expected to do justice fully to the' character of Ohadband. .Indeed, the scene in which that reverend humbug appears,, and apostrophises the 'soaring human boy,!' fits .in badly with what goes before and follows, bo that the effect was not happy, Mr. Hans Phillips was not the Guppy of Charles Dickens, and tha same might be said of Mr. Daniels's Snagsby. The minor parts were fairly takoa. ' The Colonol atlll holds tho stage at tha Opera Honso to good audlonoea, and la likely to hold its ground for some timo to come. Youth, after a fairly satisfactory season aE tho Royal, was played for the last tune last night. Thi3 evening Mr. Dampier appears, Horace Bent, tho prince of negro minstrels1 the ideal Ethiopian serenader, the very momuj of tho dusky tribe of artists . whose simplo dnty is to amuse and while away a leisure hour, also terminated his season at St, George's Hall lost evening, and will be sue! ceeded to-night by Mr. Kellar in a unique eu. tertainment, under tho engagement o£ Mr. Allison, who has just returned from Sydney. Miss Pomeroy is announced' to appear at Adelaide next Monday. 