TALES AND SKETCHES. TV/O OH A TOWER. BY THOMAS HARDY. Acthor op "Pin Fhom tiii; Madding Crowd." CiJArmn XXXV. Tho immcdiato offect rpon St. CIoovo oE tho receipt of tor woll ronsonoil argumont for retrocession was, naturally, a bitter attack upon hirasolE for liaving boon guilty of suck cruel Carelessness ns to loavo in her way tho lawyor's letter that had first made her aware of bis unclo's provision for him. Inuunturo as bo was, ho could realise Vivictto's position sufficiently woll to per ceive what tho poor lady must Buflor at having suddonly thrust upon hor tho responsibility of ropairing her own situation as a wifo by ruining his as a logatco. True it was by tho purest in- advcrtonco that his ponding saerifico o£ moans had boon discovered ; but ho should havo tukon spocial pains to vendor such a contretemps im possible, If on tho first occasion, whon a rorcla- tion might havo boon made with impunity, ha would not put it in tho power of her good nature to relievo bis position by refusing him, ho should havo shown double caro not to do so now, when sho could not excreiso that bcncvolenco without the loss of honor. With a young man's inattention to issues, ho had not considered how sharp her feelings ns a woman must be in this contingoncy. It had seemed tho easiest thing in tho world to remedy tho defoct in their marriago, and there fore nothing to bo anxious about. And in his 'innocence of any thought of securing tbo bequest, by taking advantage of tho loopholo in his matrimonial bond, ho undervalued tho import ance of concealing tho cxistenco of that bequest. Tho looming fear of unhappiness between them revivod in Swithin tho warmest emotions of thoir earlier acquaintance. Almost bemre tho sun had set ho hastened to Welbind Houso in search of her. Tho air was disturbed by a plilT summer wind, productivo o£ wind falls and premature descents o£ leafngo. , It was an hour when unripo apples shower down in orchards, and .unbrowned chesnuts descend in their husks upon tho park glades. There was no help for it this afternoon but to call upon hcrjn a direct manner, regard less of suspicions. Ho was thunderstruck when, while waiting in tho full expectation of being nd. mitted to hor prdsonco, tho answer brought lack to liiui was that she was engaged. This had never happened before in tho wholo course of their acquaintance. But ho' knew what it meant, and turned away with a vague disquie tude. He did not know that Lady Constantino was jnst nbovo his head, listening to his move ments with tho livoliest emotions; and while pray ing for him to go, longing for him to insist on seeing hor and spoil all. But tho faintest symp tom being always sufficient to convinco him of having blundered, ho unwillingly took horat hor word and wont rapidly away. However, ho called again tho next day ; and sho having gained strength by ono victory over her self, was enabled to repeat hor refusal with greater ease. Knowing this to bo tho only coureo by which her point could bo maintained, sho clung to it with strenuous and religious pertinacity. Thus immersed and self-controlling she.pnssed a week. Her brother, though ho did not live in tho houso (preferring tho nearest watering-place at this timo of tho year), was continually coming there ; and ouo day he happened to bo present when sho refused Swithin for tho third time. Louib, who' did not obsorve the tears in her eyes, was astonished and delighted sho was coming to her senses at last. , Bolieving now that there had boon nothing more botwoen them than a too plainly shown partiality on her part, he expressed bis commendation of hor conduct to her face. At this, instead of nwning to its advantago, her tears burst forth outright. Not knowing what to raakoof this, Louis said, " Woll— I am simply upholding you in your course ?" "Yes— yes — Iknowitl" sho cried. "Andit is my deliberately choson course. I wish he— Swithin St. Cleoyo— would go on hts; travols— at once, and leave thp:plai_ Pour hundred a year has been left him' fo'r :travcl, and study of the Southern constcllaiions ; and I wish ho would uso it. You might represent tho advantago to him of the course if you cared to." '' Louis thought ho could- do no bettor than lot Swithin know this as soon lis possiblo. Accor-, dingly, when St, Clcovo was writing in the but tho next day ho hoard tho crackle of footsteps, ovor tho fir-spikolcts outside, and jumped up supposing them to bo hors : bat to his disappoint ment it was her brother who appeared at the door. , "Exouso my, invading the hermitage) St., Cleevo," bo said; in hiscarelcss way," but Ihavo hoard from my sistor of your good fortune." " My good fortune ?" . "Yes, in, having an opportunity for roving : and with a traveller's conceit I couldn't help coming to give you tho benefit of my experience. When do you start?" " I havo not — formed any plan as yet. Indcod, I had not quito been thinking of going—" Louis stared. " Not going ? Then I may havo been misinformed. What I havo heard is that a good uncle has kindly bequeathed you a suffi cient incomo to make a second Ibsoc Newton of you, if you only uso it as ho directs." Swithin breathed quickly, but said nothing. " If you have not decided so to make use of it, let mo imploro you, as your friend, and one nearly old enough to bo your father, to docido at onco. Such a chance dues hot happen to a scien tific youth onco in a century." "Tliank you foryourgood advico— forit isgood, in itself, I know, "said Swithin, in a low voice. "But— has Lady Constantino spoken iof it at all ?" " Sho thinks ns I do." " Sho has spoken to you on . tho subject ?" " Certainly. More than that, it is at hor re quest, though I did not intend to say so— that I earao to spoak to you about it now." " Frankly and plainly," said Swithin, his voico trembling with a compound of scientific and amatory omotion that dofics definition, " does sho say seriously that sho wishes mo to go ?" "Sho does 1" "Tbon go I will," replied Swithin, firmly. "I havo been fortunate enough to interest soma leading astronomers, including the Astronomer Royal, and in a letter reeoived this morning I learn that tho use of tho Capo Observatory has been offered mo for any southern obser vations I may wish to mako. This offer I will nccept. Will you kindly lot Lady Constantino know, since sho is interested in my welfare?" Louis promised, and whon ho was gone Swithin looked blankly at hi3 own situation, as if ho could scarcely believe in its reality. ITcrloltorto him, then, had been deliberately written ; she meant him. to go. But ho was determined that none of thoso misunderstandings, which ruin tho happiness of lovers, should bo nllowol to creep in in tho present caso. IIo would sco her, if ho slept under her walls all night to do it, and would hear tho 'order to dopart from hor own lips. This unoxpccted stand sho was making for his interests was winning his admiration to such a dcgrco as to bo in danger of defeating tho very causo it was meant to suhservo. A woman liko this was not to be forsaken in a hurry. Ha wrote two lines, and loft the noto nt tho houso with his own hand, ' : "Tho Cabin, Ring's-hill. "Dearest Viviotto,— "If you insist ! will go. But letter writing will not do. I must havo tho command from your own two lips— otherwiso I will not stir. I am hero ovory evening at seven. Can you come? "3." This noto, as fato would havo it, rcachad hor hands in the single hour of that week when she was in a mood to comply with this request— whilst movod by tho reflux emotion Chat had followed Louis's praiso of her for dismissing Swi thin. Sho went up-staira to the window that had so long scrvod purposes of this kind, andsignalled "yes." . St. Cleevo soon, saw tho an'swor sho had given, and watched her approach' from the tower as the sunset drew on. The vivid circumstances of his lifo at this date led him ever to remember tho ox- tornal scenes in which they were Bet. It was now early autumn — the time of phenomenal irradia tions, and to-night tbo west heavens gleamed liko a foundry of all metals, common and rare; tho clouds were broken .into a thousand frag ments, and tho margin of overy fragment shone. Foreseeing the disadvantage and pain to her of maintaining a rcsolvo under the pressure of a meeting, ho vowed not to urgo her by word or sign ; to put the question plainly and calmly, and to discuss it on a reasonable basis only, like tho philosophers they assumed themselves to be. But this intontion was scarcely adhered in all its intcrgrity.' She daly appeared on the margin of the field flooded with tho niotallic radianco- that marked tho cloao of thia day : whereupon ho quickly descended tbo stops and met hor at tho cabin door. As tho evening grew darker and darker ho listened to her reasoning, which was precisely a repetition of that already sent him by lettor, and by dogreos accepted hor decision, sinco sho would not revoke it. Timo came for them to say. good bye anil then : IIo turned and raw the terror in her eyes, ' That yearned upon hiin, shining In such wise, As a star midway in the midnight fixed. It was tho misery of her own condition that showed forth; hitherto obscured by ardor for ameliorating his. They closed together and kissod each other as though the emotion of their whole yenr-aml-a-half's acquaintance had settled down upon that moment, . "I won't go nwhy from you," cried Swithin, huskily. " Why did you propose it for an in stant?" . Thus tho nearly ended interview was again prolonged. Timo, however, was merciless, and the hour came whon sho was compelled to depart. Swithin walked with her towards tho house, as ho bad walked many time3 before, believing that all was smooth again between them, and caring, it must bo owned, very littlo for his famo as an expositor of tho Southern constellations just then. When they reached tho silent house he said what ho had not ventured to say before. "Fix tho day— you havo decided that it i3 to be soon, and that I am not to go?" IJiit youtUful'Swithin was far, very far, from being up to. tho ' fond subtloty . of Viviotto this evening. " I . cnnnot-ldecido hero," she said, gently; releasing, herself from his arm. "I will speak to you'from tho yviiido'w. ' Wait for me." She vanished ; and he waited. It was a long tinio . before tho window opened, and he was aware that; with hor customary complication of feeling,' she .ha I knelt for some timo inside tho room before looking out. ' " Woll ?" said he. "Itcaonpt ho,." she answorad. " I . cannot rain you. But the day after yea are five-and-twenty our marriage shall be confirmed if you choose." " 0, my Viviette — how is this?" ho cried. "Swithin II havo not altered. But I feared for my powers, and could' not toll you whilst I stood by your side. Tako the bequest, and go. You are too young— to bo fettered. Ishould havo thought of it I Do not communicato with mo for at least a year : it is imperative. Do not toll mo your plans. If wo part wo part. I havo vowed a vow not to further ) obstruct tho courso yon had decided on before you knew mo and my pulling ways land by Heaven's help I'll keep that vow. . . . . . Now go. Theso uro tho parting words of your own Viviotto 1" Swithin, who was stable as a giant in all that appertained to natura and lifo outside humanity, was childishly floxiblo .in social matters, IIo was quito awed by hor firmness, and looked vacantly at her for a timo, till sho closed tho window. Then lie mechanically turned and wont, as sho had commanded. CnAi'Tsa XXXVI. A wcok'had passed away. It had been a timp of cloudy, mental wcathorto Swithin and Viviotto, but tho only noteworthy fact about it was that what had bean planned to happen therein had actually taken place. Swithin had gono from IV elland, and would shortly go from England. Sho bocamo awaro of it by a noto that ho posted to her on his way through Warborno. There was much evidence of hasto in tho noto, and somothing of reserve, Tho lattor sho conld not nndorstand, but it might havo been obvious onougli if sho had considored. On the morning of his departure bo had sat on tboodgoofhisbed, tho sunlight streaming through tho ourly mist, tho houso martins scratching tbo back of tbo ceiling over his bead, as they scram bled out from tho roof for their day's gnat-hunt, itig, tho thrushes cracking snails on the garden stones outside with tho noisiness of littlo smiths at work on littlo anvils, Tho sun in sending its rods of yellow fire into his room, sent, as ho sud denly thought, montxl illumination with it. For tho first time, as ho sat tlioro, it had crossed his inind that Viviette might havo reasons for this separation which he know not of. There might bo family reasons — mystorious blood nocossilies .which arc said to rulo members of old musty- mansioncd families, and are unknown to othor classes of society — and tliey may li.avo beon just now brought before hor by her brothor Louis, on the condition thatthey wore religiously concealed, Tho idea ofsomo family skeleton, like thoso ho had read of in memoirs, having beon unearthed by Louis, and held before her terrified under standing as a matter which rendered Switliin's dopurturo, aud tho neutralisation of tho mar riago, no less indispensable to thom than it waB an advantago to himself, aoemod a vory plausible ono to Swithin just now, Vlvictto might natu- rally havo takonLonls into horconfidenco'at last for tho sako 'of his brotherly advice. Swithin know that of her own heart sho would never wish to got rid of him ; but cocrcod by Louis,' might she not havo grown to entertain views of its ex pediency 1 Evonts mado such a supposition on St. Oloevc's part as natural as it was inuceurato ; and conjoined with his own cxcitoment at tho thought of aeoinga new heaven overhead, influ enced him to writo but tho briofest and most hurried final noto to hor, in which ho fully oboyed her sensitive request that he would omit all roforeneo to his plans. Thoso at the last mo ment had been modifiod to fall in with the winter expedition formerly montioncd, to obsorvo tho Transit of Venus at a remote soutliorn station. Tho business boing done, and himself fairly plungod into tho preliminaries of an important sciontific pilgrimago, Swithin acquired that light ness of heart which most mon feel in forsaking old love for now adventure, no matter how charm ing may bo tbo girl they leavo behind them. Moreover, in tho present caso, the man was en- dowod with that schoolboy temperament which does not see, or at least consider with much curiosity, the effect of a given schemo upon others than himself. Tho bearing upon Lady Con- stantino of what was an undoubted predicament for any woman was forgotten in his feeling that she had dono a very handsomo and noblo thing for him, and that ha was therefore bound in honor to mako the most of it. . His going had resulted in anything but light, ness of heart for hor. Her sad - fancy could; in deed, indutgo in dreams of her yellow-haired laddio without that formerly besetting fear that thoso dreams would prompt her to actions likely to distract and hinder him.- Sho was wretched on hor own account, relieved on his. She no longer stood in tho way of his advancement, aud that was enough. For herself sho could livo in 're tirement, visit tho wood, tho old camp,- tho column, and, like CEnone, think of the lifo they had led there. Mournful (Enono, wandering folorn . 01 Paris, ouco her playmate on the bills, loavingit entirely to his goodness whether ho would come and claim hor in the future, or desert her for ever. 1 She was diverted for a timo . from these sad performances by a letter which reached hor from Bishop Helmsdale. To seohis handwriting again on an envelope, after thinking so . anxiously of making a father-confessor of him, startled' her out of her equanimity. She speedily regained it, however, when sho read his noto. "Tho Palace, Mclehostor, 15th August, IS — , "My dear Lady Coxbtaxtixe,-— "I am shocked and grieved that, in the strange dispensation of things hero below, my offer - of marriage should have reacboil you almost simul taneously with tho intelligence that your widow- .hood had been of several months less duration than you, and I aud tho world had. supposed. I can quito understand that, viewed from- any side, tho news must have shaken nnd disturbed you ; and your unequivocal refusal to entertain any idea of a new itllianco at such a moment was of course intelligible,- natural and praiseworthy. At present I will say no more beyond expressing a hope that yon will accept my assurances that I was quito ignorant of tho nows at the timo of writing, and a sincere desire that in duo timo, and as soon ns you have recovered your equan imity, I may bo allowed to renew my proposal. , "I am, my dear Lady Constantino, . . " Yours ever sincerely, " C. Melchestbr." She laid tho letter aside, nnd thought no more about it beyond a momontary meditation on tho errors into which people fall in reasoning from actions to motives. Louis, who W03 now again with her, became in due course acquainted with tho contents of tho letter, nnd was satisfied with tho promising position iu which matters stood all round. Lady Constantino went her mournful ways as sho had planned to do, her chief resort boing the familiar column, where sho oxperionced the un- utterablo melancholy - of seeing two carpenters dismantle tho domo of its felt covering, detach its ribs, and clear nway tho enclosure at the top, till everything stood as it had stood before Swithin had been known to tbo place. Tbo oquatorial had already beon packed in a box, to bo in readiness if lie should semi for it from abroad. Tho cabin, too, was in course of demolition, such having been' his directions, aquicscod in by her, boforo ho started. Yet sho could not bear the idea that these strac litres, so germano to the events of thoir romance, should bo removed as if removed for ever. Going to tho men she bade thorn store up tbo matorinls intact, thiit they might be re- erected if desired. She had tho junctions of tho timbers markod with figures, tho boards numboreil and tho different sots of screws tied up in independent papers for identification. Sho did not hear tho remarks of tho workmen when sho' had gono to the effect that tho young man would as soon think of buying a baiter for himself as como back ami spy at the moou from Ring's-hill Spccr after seeing tho glories of other nations, and tho gold and jewels that were found there, or bIio might have been more unhappy than sho was. On returning from ono of theso walks to tho column a curious cireumstanco occurred. It was evening, and sho was coming, as usual, down through tho sighing plantation, womling her way between tho ramparts of tho camp towards tho outlet giving upon tho fiold, when suddonly in a dusky vista among tho trunks she saw, or thought sho saw, a golden-haired toddling child. Tho child moved a step or two, and vanished behind a tree. Lady Constantino, fearing it had lost its way, went quickly to tho spot, searchod and called aloud. But no child could she pcrcoivo or hoar anywhere nround. Sho returned to where sho had stood when first beholding it, and looked in tho samo direction, but nothing re-appeared. Tho only object at all resembling a little boy or girl was the upper tuft of a bunch of fern, which bad prematurely yellowed to atuut tho color of a fair chilli's hair, and waved occasionally in tho breozo. .This, howover, did not sufficiently explain the phenomenon, nnd sho returned to inquire of the man whom Bho had loft at work removing tho last traces of Swithin's cabin. But he had loft with her departure and the approach of night-. Feeling an indescribable dread, sho retraced her ; steps and hastened homeward, doubting if si© 1 had been mistaken, yet half behoving that bar imagination must havo played her somo trick tint day. . The tranquil monrn'ulness of thoso few days a solitude was terminated in a moat nnexpoctoa manner. . The morning after tho above-mentioned incident Lady Constantino, after meditating awhilo, aroso with a conviction. Sho realised r, condition of things that she had never anticipated, and for a moment the discovery so overwhelmed her that she thought she must die outright. In her terror she said she had sown tho wind to reap tho wtiirlwind. Thon tho instinct of self, preservation flamod up in her like a fire. Her altruism in subjecting hor self love to bonevoloneo, and letting Swithin go away from her, waa demolished by tho new necessity as if it had been a gossamer web. There was no resisting or evading tho sponta neous plan of action which matured itself iu her mind in five minutes. Where was Swithin ? How could ho be got at instantly ?— that was her single thought. She searchod about the room for his last short noto, hoping, yet doubting, that its contents wore more explicit on his intended move ments than the few meagre syllables which alona sho could call to mind. Sho could not find the letter in her room, aud came downstairs to Louis as pale as a ghost. He looked up at hor, and with some concern said, "What's the matter?" "I am searching everywhere for a letter — a note from Mr. St. Cleave I Just n few words, telling me when the Occidental sails, that bogoed in." "Why do you want that unimportant docu ment?" " It is of tho utmost importance that I shoulej know whether ho has actually sailed or not I" said the poor lady, in agonised tones. " Where caii that letter be?" Louis know where that letter was, for, having- seen it on her desk, ho had, without reading it, torn it up and thrown it into tho waste paper bosket, thinking the less that remained to remind her of that young philosopher the better. "I destroyed it," he said. "0, Louis, why did you?" she cried, in- despair. "I am going to follow him— I think it. best to do so— aud I want to know if he is gone— and now the date is lost !" " Going to run after St. Cleove? Absurd "Ye3, 1 am I" sho said, with vehement firm ness. "I must see him— I want to speak to him- as soon as possible." " Good God, Viviette, are you mad ?" " 0, what was the date of that ship I But it cannot bo helped. I start at once for Southamp ton. I havo mado up my mind to do it. Ho waa. going to his uncle's solicitors in tho north first— > then ho was coining hack to Southampton. Ha cannot have sailed yet." "I belicvo ho has sailod," muttered Louis,, sullenly. She did not wait to arguo with him, but re turned upstairs, whoro she rang to toll Green to- be ready witli the pony to drive hor to Warborno station in a quarter of an honr. 