That -so astute a politician as Sir Henev Paekes should have liad 11a difficulty in securing the applause of an admiring multitude of residents of tlie metropolis at the electioneering meeting held in Sydney last Thursday lu:ed not surprise any one. In point of fact, the ground had been carefully prepared for that, or any other, emer gency by the Peemieb himself, when ' on a comparatively recent occasion, at a banquet given in his honour, he gave vent to Ms 'opinion of what in his esti . niation tlie capital of sunny New South Wales should be, and what Ms Govern ment would endeavour to make it ?within the next tea yoars, if the reins of government were left in his hand for that period of time. The appre ciative crowd which listened to his sonorous utterances on Thursday, and , rapturously cheered him to the echo, were ? easily carried away by a feeling of gratitude which, according to a cynical interpretation, is a keen sense of favours to come, and little cared what views Sir Henry held upon the land question. It little mattered to t'-iem that he, at no great distance in the past, when relegated to the cold ' shades of the Opposition benches, had ? denounced the main principle of the Bill, upon which he now appealed to the country in no measured terms ; nor Were they disinclined to indulge him to tlis top of his bent when, with no little dexterity, he- tried to divert their attention from the main issue at stake by dragging the Education Act and Licensing Act into ther present controversy. Suffice it that the audiencc was com pletely earned off their feet by the Premier's exuberant verbosity on tlie occasion referred to. But, whatever power Sir Henry's oratory may liave exercised upon his listeners; and how ever intoxicating the applause that greeted his utterances may have proved to Jiim for the time being, we yet doubt whether the Pkumikk can look back upon his rhetorical effort as a very happy one. Read simply in the light of- ail- intellectual production, the unmitigated egotism of the man siiines ; forth in all its hideous nakedness ; and i3jr Henev, unless blinded by an over- , weening selMoye, is far too keen a critic not to sen that the vainglorious 1 boasts uttered by him on the platform ' may call forth tlie applause of his par- ? tizans on the spur of the moment, but are hardly likely to produce anything but nausea when treated as an appeal ' to ©lie's reason. W hat opinion can tlie outer world form of a man who with apparent guilelcssness assures liis audience that ' his acts are generolly so good and sound that they are hardly opan to discussion,' and this with the i jiecord of his life before us? After ? tills, such boasts as that u no man ever served the people of Sydney,' ' no man ever Served (.he country better,' and '' no mail ever served them more independently,' sink into insignificance, ' and only give rise to a feeling of dis appointment that Sir Henry should content himself to sing His owti-pmiaesi in a lesser key after liaving reached the summit of self-glorification. The \- clwers which responded to the Pre ItilKlt's undignified brag proved that ho had, correctly gauged the intellectual status bf liis audience ; but we doubt whether Sir Henry's latest oratorical success wSJ add to his fame as a states man., . We have aftcady mentioned that the ' speaker endeavoured to throw dust in ' tlie eyes'of his audience by making it appear that the Education- Act would Leiii danger if the holm of tlie State' were entrusted to any other hands but liis ; but no one knows more surely than Sir He.vey Paekes himself that any retrogressive interference with this \ , Measure -soiJ-3 only result in the In siaut and lasting political annihilation iof the hapltess- Minister that attempted it The- trick is too transparent to deceive any one ; and a Government must be iu desperate straits indeed ? whose head, at a conjuncture like the present, does not hesitate- to reopen ^wounds, which time had' almost healed. The- Kiania Ghost, years agOp stood our PftBMl- SRiii good stead on a similar ' occasion when his political ascendancy was ia jeopardy; but we hope that the country lias siuce made- too great a stride in intellectual advancement- to . be scared at its speotre, even if. Sir Henry cared to assume the r6\c of Titob OAtes for the second time ur his life. The true question at stake fn the present contest cannot be -more tersely stated than in. this words of t-He leader of tlie Opposition, in his address to the electors -of Ulawarra. ' The- Land Law, then,' says Mr. Stuart, ' is tlie only issue before vow at this general' ? election. It will be for'you to decide whether you will support the continu ance of a law . . . which the head of ?the Government has so emphatically, denounced, and which has found its one earnest, sincere, and enthusiastic -Mcndor in its author.' With Mr. i-rcABT we say, there is not, and there iCiijmJt be, any other issue before the t-lectors at present; and upon this question, and this question only, they \- sreasked to record their opinion. 