1Bos-5' CoIumit.'-:: MAX BANDEB'S WILD TIGEB. . BY MATTHEW WHITE, JUN. I didn't like that little French village. Thad and I were at our wit's end to find some way to amuse ourselves. Thero wasn't, any river to row on, nor any hills to climb, and not a singlo person wo .could talk to out of the family. . ? Then you sort of felt as if you were a lunatic in an asylum ; for instead of fences, every houso had a high stone wall around it ; that is, every houso except the ono where we boarded, which was surrounded by an iron railing, with the bars just far enough apart to make it look like a cage in a menagerie. At least this is what Thad said it reminded him of, and sometimes I used to sco him tearing up and down behind it, playing ho was an African lion. I didn't tell him it was silly, because onco in a whilo I turned panther my self. It was an awfully poky town. About three times every day Thad and I used to beg father to go somewhere else, but ho always said, 'Have patience, boys.' I wonder if anybody ever counted tho number of times fathers and mothers say, 'Have patience?' If it's as tiresome to say as it is to listen to, I feel sorry for them. Well, one morning when they both wero out driving, and the landlady had gone to market, ?and there was nobody at homo but ? the Froneh cook and us boys, I was that sorry for Thad, not to mention how awfully dull I was myself, that I felt I must do something. So; I called Thad down-stairs, and told him I'd invent a new play for him. .. ' Wo can use tlio fence just tho sainp for a cage, ' I explained, 'and you're to be a tiger a keeper's trying to tame. I'll bo the keeper, and at first you must snap at me through the bars ; but I'll look you straight in the eye all the time (that's tho way keepers do), and then all of a sudden . I'll open tho door, rush into the cage, and you'll bo tamed.' Thad said that would bofun, and then I got father'B cane, and wo both went out 'into the front yard. Hardly anybody over walked on tha street, so I wasn't afraid of being in terrupted. : _ ';?'?'. : '? I went outside, shutting the gate behind me, and Thad having curled himself up close to tho railing, protending to be asleep, I began operations by poking him with my stick. At first ho only gave a low growl. (I wasn't sure whether tigers growled or howled, but I told him a growl would do) ; but when the cane slipped and tickled him undor the arm, he jumped up, and neither growled nor howled, but screamed, until I was obliged to remind him that he wasn't a wild-cat. 'But tickling's not fair,' he cried, still squirming a little. _ 'All right,' I answered, begining my ta ming operations, and keeping my eye on him in a way that I think roally began to frighten him. ? ? ,- ' Then ho started racing up and down in side tho fence, I after him on the outside, un til wo were both quito out of breath, and then, he stood still, and snapped at mo between tho bars. ' Wo were right by the gate, and whilo he had his head out, pretending to gnaw my. stick, I suddenly let go of it, and slipping through the gateway, rushed up behind him before you could say ' Jack Bobinson.' 'Nowiyou must turn around, and we'll look at each other for a minute, and then you'll give in,' I cried, making believe crowd into a corner of the cage. ' But I can't turn round,' exclaimed Thad. ' I can't get my head out,' ' Why, how did you get it in, then ?' I replied, stepping up to examine into matters. ' Twist it the other way.' .????'- '.-. Thad thereupon obediently gave a fresh tug, but all in vain ; his head remained stuck, between the bars like a cow's in the patent stalls. I was soared then, and never thinking about tigers, took him by tho neck, and tried my best to get him frco; but I couldn't. Then ho set up a very unbeastliko yell, whioh brought the French cook out of the houso, with a bunch of garlic in her hand. Wlinr* olirt cnur wlin f. lifirl linrwintioil a\\\n screamed louder than Thad. Tho noise thoy both made together was something frightful, while I ran first ono side of the fence, then the other, wondering dismally if we'd havo to live in that town always becauso Thad couldn't get his head out. If we'd had any neighbors except a deaf old man, a woman who never left her bed, and two young men who went to work three miles away, I suppose we'd soon havo had a crowd around us, but as it was, nobody appeared but a little girl with a hunk of bread, tho sight of whioh caused Thad to stop hollowing, and declare that we must bring him something to cat. When I had opened and shut my mouth several times, pointing my finger down it and then at Thad, the cook comprehended what was wanted, and rushing outside of tho fence, put that bunch of garlic right under my brother's nose. 'Pah I' he exclaimed, and wrenched his head back so suddenly that I half expectod to boo both his ears diop off. ' Oh, dear,' I groaned, ' if ho can t free himself with such a jerk as that we can novor get him out at all.' Then . recollecting that Thnd hated tho smell of garlic as muoh as I did, and seeing that the cook was still trying to feed him with it, I motioned sternly towards tho houso, and ordered her to ' departoz,' which wasn't hard to say, as you just take an English word and put a little French end to it. Sho understood mo at .once, and scenic^ to fool quito insulted, for bIio walked straight back to tho kitohon, Blamming tho gato after hor. Tho next minuto somebody slapped mo on tho shoulder, and turning, I jumpod an if I had soon a ghost, for it was Thad, and I was at least fivo foot from tho fence. You seo, whon tlfj gato was opon tho Bpaco botween thoso two particular bars was a littlo smaller thau whon it was shut. Thad and I might havo remained in that pioklo for any length of timo, ho screaming at tho top of his voice, and I danoing around him in agony. Who known how long it would havo taken us to find out that nil wo had to do was to shut tho gate, it that woman hadn't got mad and given it suoh an awful alam ? — Harper's Young People. 