TURF GOSSIP. BY AXJGUB. Should the weather prove fine to-day the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting ought to attract a goodly number of pleasure-seekers to Caulfield. There Is every prospect of in teresting sport, and those who visit this pretty little tryeting ground will have no cause to regret the journey. There are 17 engaged in the Selling Stakes, which opens the ball, and if The Ghost be a starter he shotud win. for over half a mile he is very brilliant. In his absence 1 should look to Harp of Erin or Bushman to win. Langulac, too, is pretty smart over the distance. For the Hurdle Race Jack has been awarded the post of honour at list 121b., and even with this weight he would have been hard to beat, though I fancy Monitor Zanga, or Toung Alfred will win. There are 10 juveniles in die Separation Stakes, and pro* bablr Scipio or Boree will prove triumphant. In the South Tana Handicap Napper Tandy heads the list at 9st 71b., and remembering how brilliant he has proved over this dis tance, I don't think he has an ounce too much; nor has Respite at 9st 41b. Hyacinth has been raised 211b. for his victor in the Newmarket Handicap. I fancy, however, that be will not get home first this time. Dougalston at 7at lllb., Bar One at 7st 81b., Bandalbion 6st 101b., Greyhound fiat. 81b., and King Lad 6et. 81b., all read well upon paper, and if Doogalston be himself probably be will win: for he is a pretty smart colt over a mile. In the Steeplechase I like nothing so well as Chrysalis, and next to her Actress. I expect to see a pretty strong field face the starter for the Richmond Handicap Tide, Haidee of the Hills, and Beadsman ssem to me to have the best of the weights, and the last-named will perhaps prove victorious. At a meeting .of Tatteraall s dab. Sydney, on Mondv last, it was announced that there was a talance of over £600 to the credit of the dob. . ????? The stewards of the Brighton-park meeting after hearing Mr. Hardiman's explanation for not starting I«eodn-m the Selling Stakes, decided to fine the nominator £20. Remit has beta placed in Morrison's hands, and she will accompany Wellington ^Mrjk^iibbom has sold Sir Oliver to Captain .Osborne for 600 guineas. This colt was the property of the late Sir J. P. Bell, and ran forward tor the Marihymong. Plate. . 'He is 'Jw. Epigram from the imported mare Olive, and is engaged in the A. J.C. Champagne Stakes, for which he may prove Navigator's most dangerous opponent. At the Lncknow Spring Meeting Lord W. Bereaford'e Kate Coventry carried 12st lib. and won the Lucknow Grand Annnal Steeple chase. She was ridden by Slliott, who was formerly in Lens's stable. Western Princess ran in the Trial Btakes, but she was beaten by Alien and Tombstone, a couple of Aus« tralian- hred horses. When I first attended the Eawkssbury meeting 1 called attention to tha landing place on the/railway line being stationed close to a piggery, from which emanated smells most anbaoiitaa. Every year I have -ptotojrted.Mpintt this spot being chosen, mtdlimgfiii tonsythatttlastanewplat form is to be Metad at a spot nearer the Stand. .ItwiUt»400ft. Inland 12ft. wide, and I am «pn fihe.iwistois to the next Hawkeebory iasstir% willregard this alter* * With Navigator inthe A.J.C. Champagne Stakes the-tijroi?aar-old*ventof our neigh boors is not likely to create mnch interest It is a matlsr lot iagtttthat BSienhoe should be smong the abssnteas,for'hafl this Bus mm of Marihyrnongbeanooerftheoomnetiton the ssfe-to bemen him and Navigator would /have >>®en worth aping aU the way to Sydney ia a» auperior to intifcaaeaM&oeal; a Innanoaitfon. several of . ftSSSStiro hiving detrained not to run then in the old country. I presume they have been toed and found wanting. . There was quite a gala da f at Elsternwick park last Saturday, when the committee of the VjctorianTrptting Glob invited a httmbeg of gentlemen down to see what progreaa had been made with the new track, grand-stand,: &c..; Those who remembered Elsternwick park aa little better than a swamp most have been astonished at the transmogrification effected by the V.T.C. A track, vrwch ptt> misestobe equal to anything in Australia, has. been laid down, a pretty little grand stand has been built, ana the mem bers' | carriage-paddock, saddling enclo sure, : &c.;, are worthy of a first-claps club. On each side of the straight there is a picket fence, and the rail round fchetrack is reduced to a minimum. 8ince I paid the park a visit a fortnight ago great progress has been made; and though there will not be any grass on the lawn . .on the opening day, everything else will be in apple-pie prder, thanks to the contractor and Dr. Weir. The latter ' gentleman has been most assiduous in his attention,- and I am sorry to say that last week he 'met with a very nasty accident. While riding on the traek leveller, his right arm was caught be tween acotople of pickets, and as the horee moved on his arm was nearly broken. The muscles were badly sprained, and he has not been able to handle the reins since. . A large number of trotters attended the grounds on chances of accident are Saturday ..and Bome interesting work was done.; First, three or four maidens were p&radpd;, some being in saddle and others in harness, and after they had had a tarn of the trackj the stallions were brriaght oat Startle, Who has greatly .improved since Mr.' Hall landed him, was admired as much as anything lor his good looks. : He appears to much greater advantage in. harness than, in the stable, and as his head and neck are a good, deal after the thoroughbred type, he of course had many friends. Mr. Hall had him in a beautifully constructed waggon, and after jogging him for a mile he gave the spectators a taste of his ability, and for about a furlong he went like greased lightning, the onlookers being delighted with the performance, and applaud ing loudly. Vermont Janior was admired for his fine size and symmetry, and those fond of park-like action were greatly taken with Boccaccio, who was driven twice round the track, and also came in for a^wuH aa ne passed hm judges oox. Little Giant also showed to advantage. Wanderer, Brown Hawk, Captain Dearborn, and Native Cat were trotted round the track, and then Mr. Bobbins brought ont his two American geldings.Commodore and Defiance, and jogging round to the three-quarter pole, came along at a rattling speed. Commodore went in the better form, and never left his feet, while Defiance broke once or twice, and when pressed commenced to pace. This was repeated, and Commodore was loudly applauded. The visitors were then invited to partake of refreshment in the spacious bar underneath the stand, where champagne and light refreshments wete indulged in, and all those present complimented the club upon (he wonderful alteration it had effected. The committee were unanimous in awarding the ! whole of the praise to Dr. Weir, to whom they were greatly indebted for the valuable 1 assistance he had rendered. It is quite evi dent the V.T.C. intends to have trotting carried oat in a proper manner, and this being bo, the public wUl, I am sure, lend their assistance by patronising the park in a liberal manner. To see horses like Commodore and Startle trotting under a 2.30 gait is something j Australians are not used to. oat they only re quire to witness the performance to become | ardent supporters of the pastime. Pell MelL having been bought in by Mr. Mr. Henry Phillips, has gone back to Mr. W. Lang's (itaMwi The date of entry for the Avoca Shin Tnrf Club Handicaps has been altered from the 11th to the 6th of April, and owners of horses are requested to bear this circum stance in mind. Mr. P. Olenister has Bold his steeplechase mate Lucy to Mr. Weeks, and she has gone to Caulfield, where she will be prepared for future engagements. T. Corngan has purchased Lady Hampden. This mare is by Slanderer, and I presume she will be put to the hurdle business. | Mr. A. W. Robertson informs me that he | has re-purchased Great Western from Mr. T. Chimside, and I am glad to say that this fine son of Panic will, in all probability, start for the Great National Steeplechase. Mr.. Louis Open, the well-known book* maker, has f(awarded to the sporting editor; of this journal a cheque for £31 los., the j amount he collected for the.Caiey fund. Kyneton did not present its customary fresh appearance last week. Usually on St Patrick's Day the grass is of an emerald green, bnt last week it was moceof an orange colour, and the eye was not so well gratified as in previous years. Nor was there such a bumper attendance as usual, though there was an average number from the metropolis; bat notwithstanding the reports that the farmers had gathered into their garners crops of prodigious magnitude, there wasn't a corresponding increase in the attendance of the local people; in fact it was not np to the average, and in the stand there were but very few ladies. One thing at Kyneton is always done well, and other country data should take, this as an example; that is the luncheon. The Stewards entertained the Governor. That i fine old -Englishman Mr. Salathiel Booth, as usual, took care ot his friends; and the phblic were so well cared for'by the; caterer that general satisfaction was ex pressed. Mr. George Watson was not pre- j sent to start the horses, bat Mr. A. W., Robertson filled his plaoe with credit; and I Mr. A. F. Sullivan occupied the judge's box. Despite the paucity of the . fields, the racing was good. The set-to between Jack and CwnlMMoa in the Hurdle Bace was Suite exciting, find had the looal jockey hid lenous tb .have taken a ran at.bia^ 'he a»u*t haye wqn. Jack_sta with kreat gam^nesa, tail.'IjEt; hasnt jcause to xwret the "cr«5ny." Cfrjitalwonth* cap likea racehorae ; so " teokfor better >wn.i It isa eitfof JHB ?< baoka «vent| ffl Mr. T. S, Qibbom has forwarded to tfc« 1 I. ? t ? . i ,t, ir?U! in sporting editor of t^jvnrniO. fee mm tA£$o>i; * la. to beadded totheGkieyfood, t This sum ? representor Xs. «b*<^tiQufroni Dr. Naah, i - * ; and £1 icon Mr. E,HL Jonas, the w*U«> khoWn metalliclanj Kr. 1L Loaghlin hM programmed or Saturday. the 2Stod April. It contains six events,^., MaidenrFtae <of;t 30- sovs. .Selling Stakes xof 40 aov*., Mam- ... bdhrin Handicap of 60eov*,Handlcap . Hurdle Race of 40 «m..,Grand Stand Han« dicap ofso 8ov«., and Galloway Handicao of 25 «oto« Entries will dose on, Monday, i Aprils.- .-??'. v '. ( ?' '?!?? Mr. G. F. Fraser, having determined to take a trip to fee oM country, ha> aaitod wt America. Messrs. IS. P.' . Witeon, C. 8, Agnew,ahd R. O. Talbot, all well known in the sporting world of Tasmania, have alio Bailed by the tame route. I believe it is their intention to return to Melbourne in time to see the next Derby and Gap, for which Mr. Agnew's colt Hobart will, in all probability, ran. King Cole's daughter, Queen, has added1 another victory to her credit, this excellent filly having won the Brighton (Tasmanian) > Handicap at the late meetuig, alter a splendid .. race . with Meander and Sunset. The last named 'won another handicap, and I believe he Mid Lymegrove, both the property of Mr. R. G. Talbot, wffl In future be trained by Mr. T. Wilson, of Ballarat. The South AaBtralians have often com plained of fee manner in which their horsea nave been handicapped in Victoria. The fol lowing paragraph by " Trumpator," of the Adelaide Observer, speaks for itself:-" Mr. Dakin is very sore at fee way his charges have been treated by Mr. Barnard lately, and there can be no doubt that the handioapper of the V.R.C. deals in a most harsh manner with South Australian horses. It has been i suggested that our owners should combine and refuse to nominate again under Mr. Bar* nard. As an instance of his handicapping I may cite one case which occurred at fee meet ing just concluded. AHander (8sb 121b.) and Bassanio (8st 101b.) met in the Nursery on fee second day. Al lander {it was patent to all who watched fee race closely) was second beat, because Davis pulled him up in fee most deliberate manner when he found he could not catch Solitude. As it was he jost beat Bassanio; yet in handicapping fee pair next day the brilliant luminary who adjusts the weights for the mont imnorfaurtt r>1nh in Australia pats 9st. 6lb. on Busanio and 9st. 2lb. on Allander. Then, at Geelong, Guess work beat Sylvanua half a head at even weights, and the next time they were both entered for a handicap, Mr. Barnard made Guesswork concede his opponent 81b." "Trumpator " might have added the peculiar handicapping of Baron von Mueller and Napper Tanay, after the latter had defeated the botanist at Geelong, J. Griffin will leave lor Mauritius shortly, and. I believe, he will take with him the Aus tralian horses Blue Ribbon, Valentine, Trout, and Greyhound. Those who have horses engaged in the events of the Victoria Trotting Club are re minded that the second payments most be made to the secretary, Mr. Gibney, before 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 28th inst. On Thursday next the Hawkeebary Au tumn Meeting will commence, and I expect to see some capital racing. The Hawkee bary Handicap is the most interesting item, and in this Victoria will be represented, Larpent being among the likely starters. He has been made first favourite, but I don't know why, unless Sweet William is not » likely starter. The latter in the Brunswick Stakes proved that he was all at home over a short distance, and- -if Mr. De Mestre should start him I think he must be vary difficult to beat. Bathuzst, at 8sb 91b.; Falmoiith, at 8st 81b.; Gudarz, at 7st.; and Carmen and Inverary, at 6et 41b. each, are well in, and if an outsider is to do the tnck, perhaps - it will be Carmen. Mr. W. Pearson appears to have had the racing at Sale on the first day pretty well to himself. With Hyacinth he won the Handi cap, and he ran second with Primus, a nice little Proto-Martyr colt he once had training at Flemington. He did the same in the Junior Stakes, being first with Bethnal Green's son Frying Pan, and second with Tangle. The Selling Stakes also fell to hia horse Speculator. Then he won the Derby with Spite, ,a good-looking daughter of The Peer and the famous New Zealand mare Calumny. The attention of owners of horses is directed to the .foil programme of the South Australian Jockey Club, which appears in the advertising columns of The Australasian this week. They will also bear in mind that the general entries close on Thursday! April 6. The B^echworth Amateur Racing Club will hold a meeting on the Baarmutha Racecourse on EaBter Monday. The programme appears tilSB Entries for -the principal events" of the Echuqameeting cloM with .the secretary, Mr. H. M'Kenae, on Thursday next, the 3Qfch . March. Saturday, April 8, has been chosen - by Mr. Cox for the next Kensington-park meeting. From Gipps Land I learn-.that Mr. W. Pearson's stud horse Vagabond hadto be shot a few days ago. As a etalhon Vagabond WW faidy successful, jH*d his stoat Kings ton blood will Msert itself in the mares he has - left behind him. - , . Somerset, Progress, and Royal. Maid an reported to be doing well At BandWick, . At the Timmenng races Creawick won the Maiden Plate: UqionJack the HurcQeRaoe, Dingo the Timmering Handicap, Bess the Trot, and Lochiel theNovsl Selling Raoe. The minor handicaps for the Hawkesbury meeting have been dedusd; the wefsbfci seem to bare been pretty welttBftttsi by Mr. next witti uKTJub. the>umour, he1 oughtto win. For the Kfcwlw lBle Andovsr aad Waterfozd wo«SA ' ivethe finish to tfaeaaehos if they werelta It old form, bat as theyniay not be/Vf Bora, and. Rupnt ahooU be Borne strong remark* about the running of Bird of Piw, and Mr. J. Ripe, who owned (he filly, had bin before the stewards, who orderad bim fe> tnake an apology to the stewards end to lb. Rioe, I believe beoom plied so far as the atewards were oonoeroed, but refused to make Any apology to Mr. Rice, who eeemB to be very unfortunate with hot favourites. From what I can g»#»n, I thiny the stewards would only have done their duty had thef held a proper investigation. Mr. Ben Severs, well known in the ring and on Change, has left for another trip to old England* air. M'Kaoghton, who has taken "Old Slack's" place aa a donble-eventer, leaves by the John Elder next month. During hiB connexion with the ring, Mr. M'Naughtob has gained the respect of every body, and he will take with him the good wishes of a.whole army of friends. . Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. will die* pose of Mr. Duncan M'PheMon's thorough* bred horaee at Kirk's Baeaar on Wednesday next, the 29th The lot includes the fine-looking three-year-old Santa Claus, who ran second for the Darby. Bobbie Burns, a very useful son of Panic, ia also included. Both he and Santa Claus should make rare stallions. A couple of yearlings and several brood maree will aty oe disposed of. ScBAitHiNGS. - V. A.T.C. Meeting-Rich mond Handicap-The Cockney, Cora, Clap trap, Bom, Pakenh&m;, Venture, Mistaken, Bushman,Culwyn, Gonsago.KingLud, Glad Tidings,' AllKnder. South Yarra Handicap Respite, Trevallyn, Corinne, John Peel, Bandalbion, Napper Tandy, Blue Ribbon, The Cockney, Greyhound, Mameluke, Ween, Verdurfi; King Lud, Dunstan. Hurdle Race Hyllus, Trout, King of Trumps, Jack, Presi dent, Dauphin .Havelock, Red Rover, Zanga. Steeplechase-King John. Selling Race Cora, Btera, Cnlwyn. Separation Stakes The Drone, Gasalier, King's Head. 