NEWS BY THE JVIAIL. our paris letter . IROJE OUK OWN CORRESPONDENT. Paris. ISth November. It is an established fact the Republic has entered on an era ot deficient revenue receipt?, perhaps tho evils existed since some time, only uedits .were kept up by successive public loans, and so tho equilibrium of budgets nr.iaf&ined; Auyone, said Cavour, camgovcrn with a state of siege; anyone can meet ex penses so long as thero is no limit to borrow iug. Tho .T'renrli budgots are an many mycteries, and might continue so till M. Loon £ay has had the courago to publish the truth about the finances of Prance, and sound a note of alarm that tho Republic's purse wa3 on . the road to ruin« As to the competency of the ex-Minfstor, there can be no question, and his high social position and fortune guarantee the rest. The cause of the precarious situation is due to saddling tho budget with charges of a new character every year without taking corresponding care that the resources of the country could meet the strain. Tho total of the. budget is three milliards. To meet this annual expense oheose paring has to be.largely resorted to, or else an addition made to that extraordinary resource tho floating debt, which Is already bending under its weight of two milliards. The Tcvcnuc returns have ceased to be prolific, and the current year will indi cate an unpleasant falling off. No chango for the better can take place while tho public charges remain so colossal, and works arc pro jected which, originally estimated at three, have exceeded nine milliards, thus exacting €00 millions of francs per annum to carry on. These works— deepening harbors, constructing railways, &c.;— are not in every case wanted, so cannot prove productive. Resides, tho State has undertaken to execute and work the pro jects, instead of leaving the whole matter to private enterprise. The sudden and serious illness of M. Grcvy has ftlro fallen like a thunderbolt upon tbc political world. His years ought to prepare one for a natural change at any moment. The journals published an odd kind of an explana tion, attributing the indisposition to indiges tion brought on by partaking too heartily of dinner' at an unseasonable hour. Very eminent . doctors had to be called In, and it 13' reported they recommend absolute rest for M, Grdvy, ' us symptons of mental decay have set in. This puts the quidnuncs to discuss lii3 successor, nod thatask recalls not a little. The fact is, political parties arc in such a state of disintegration that it is impossible to name even likely persons. General Chanzyis trotted out, but he is an Orlcanist ; aud hi. Buison, the president of the Chamber, has not the requisite representative qualities. Something like a miracle would be necessary to unite the Republican parties on tho Gam- Tiotta ticket, and as tho two chambers would, when united, be invested with the power to roto tho president, it is uuknown what lobby intrigues might bring about. The Republic is not so robust as it was : its friends have shaken it too much. Bnt before it committed felo-de-se a terrible civil war would arise. In such a conjuncture the common enemy would be the new dynamite party which has come into existence, and whoso aim, openly proclaimed, is to extinguish tbo middle classes. Theso men, calling themselves Anarchists, consist of the scum of tho working classes, and constitute a power not to be despised iu the largo cities. They want to becoxno rich with out _ labor, without exorcising the qualities which can make them equal to those they envy. - The new Ministry lias ro far existed, nnd that is no small accomplishment. It calls a spade a spade, and reminds the Legislature that it lias not many more faults to commit ; that it is full time to devote attention to re forms that can be realised rather thau to themes and logic far away from the realm of fact. It is hot very clear where tho negotiations are respecting Egypt between Franco aud England. France is certainly speaking up mere plainly that she will not allow herself to be shuffled out of the dual control right unless proportionately compensated. It will not suit tho welfare of Egypt to hare her destinies directed by nine European, powers. Such will certainly encourage tho ambition of future Arabia. Neither can England allow any other foreign nation but herself to dominate in the Isnd. With that supremacy she can secure the Canal. For the subject of territorial aggrandise ment tho French appear to have a mania. The new Bey of Tunis u, of course, ao far their puppet that lie does not even condescend to reply to the Sultan's letters ; no evidence fcas yet been revealed that Tunisia n a wbit better to-day than when the battue for Kromrurs was organised. The Legislature has boon invited to ratify NT. Do Brazza's treaty wtth King Mikoko, and ro givo Franco tho command of tho Congo. Many think — Portu gal especially— that France is going too hastily ahead with this matter, that European nations rrjuire to know something moru about this ebony majesty who claims tho right to Imnd over the Congo to a French naval officer in ex change for kind words, England will hardly ioo«nt to he barred out of the most favored nation clause at least Then there is Mada- rarcur. The French in a roundabout way de- Eire the whole island : they sadly want somo such outlet for their criminal population. England has commercial and treaty rights with Madagascar that must be- respected. Perhaps firmness displayed in arranging these matters will compel Franco to be rational iu her pretensions to Egypt, and that she de clined to uphold when they were imperilled. Laudable and unceasing efforts continuo to be made to advance education in all its de grees. The only objection to be made is thnfc 1 he bobby of Secularism is being ridden some what furiously, and so comes into collision with tbo scruples and prejudices that ought he' re 3 p cc ted. The side blows delivered at the Church and State separation question are puerile. Cutting down the extras of a few bishop. nnd applying a microscope to peer into the: endowments of parochial cleigy, is not the basis on which to raise the issue. There 5s no improvement to record in political writing. Nearly all the journals deal iu diatribes, and giro full reins to their imagi nation. The excellent Bishop of Amiens, Mcmeeigueur -Guibert, has condemned in very severe terms the want of preparation and experience on tho part of writers for the preBS, many of whom arc still schoolboys. Tho bishop has also sent a few broadsides of hia god sense into tlic Royalist and TJltramon- lans camps, where enmity to the closo to the present constitution is held to be a sacred duty. Algr. Cuibert innocently maintains that the . church can live in amity even with Republics, " The strikes continue. The upholstery trades have failed toamicably arrange their differencea, io the employers will proceed with their federated lock-out, which will bring great misery in its train. This is intended as a ri- parte to the conduct of the workmen, who upon the slightest pretext put an employer into Coventry — that is, into the Index— and so de- ttroy him. Typhus fever and unnaturally bad (wet) weather are permanent endemics ; tho former may frighten tbo authorities into action for supplying the city with an adequate ' supply of water, and remedying tho imperfect house and street drainage. Until tho reservoirs attached to the houses for tho collection fend preservation of water clcsefc matters be abol ished fevers cannot bo driven out of Paris ; we nurse most carcfnlly tho germs of the ma ladies that decimate us. Duels continue to bo more flourishing than ever. Thero is a serious augmentation in prostitution ; robberies are rampant, and committed under tho noses of the police and in the most populous thorough fares, since tho thieves can break through and rtcal with impunity. The horrible weather, and tho threats of tho dynarwtteure to moke short work of the middle classes on reckoning 'day, now at hand, kccpa away a good many desirable clients. Business Is very bad ; com merce indulges in' deep sighs, and the declining exports point to soma screws loose. Citizens arc becoming their own bankers, and no loan or speculation has tho ghost :u£ a chance nf success, Amusements are not so passionately telisJbod ; the beer sliops do a larne business. This is interest entirely Vateriand. Buy- fnc unpawn tickets And ealising ttie pledges ofFv " to asenrted-r profits than lap rooms, boardinghouscs, somnambulist predic tions, nnd the baits of tho authorised lot teries. 