MEMBERS AT WORK. How doth tho Ib'.le busy bee Imnrove each shining hour! . - , —Do, watts. If " all tho world's a stage," then Parlia ment is ono of its most patent playhouses, Tho critic ha3 to be continually behind the scenes to interpret tho performances that take place before them ; and when bo has tlio run of tbe green-rooin the result is fatal to all sen timentality. On Tuesday, for instance, in stead of tho customary thrce-act comedy, we had a forty minutes' farce in which all tfie chief actors had diligeutly rehearsed their parts. Tlio piece did not take well, because every one of them ignored hi3 companions and played to tho galleries. But brief as it was it was full of material for tho cynic. What would tbo ghost, of Lord Cavendish (for, Hko tho housekeeper in "Jo," I assume that a ghost is an aristocratic, heirloom which no titled family can bo with out) havo felt if ho had been conscious of the way in which the tragedy of his murder was played upon at the antipodes for political purposes ? First there was tho nervous anxioty of the Government to clear itself of any suspicion of sympathy with the assassins. I fancy that Sir Bryan had tho matter taken out of his hands by tbo one English and one Scotch colleague who sit besido him in tiie Assembly. He signed the cablegrams expressive of sympathy, and informingMr. Gladstoneof the adjournment' of tho Assembly, it is true. Doubtless also in the abstract lie censured the crime. Perhaps ho felt it moro keenly as a blunder, but in any case his heart was with liis countrymen, and tho tone of his spceeh when asking tho Hons© to mnrk its sense of tiie enormity of the deed was strained and cold. It was. the fear lest any of his opponents should try to make capi tal out of tho fact that this fiendish mnrder had taken place in Ireland, and not any hearty sentiment of indignant reprobation, that prompted liis halting utterance. This was sham the first. I am inclined to think that there was o certain amount of sham about Mr. Patteteon's protest on this occasion. Mr. Berry had already expressed with evident sincerity and cxcellont tasto tlio horror which all mnst feel, not only nt this la3t crime, but at tbe long series of outrages that have led up tc it. Why then need the member for Castlemaine go over the same ground ngain, except for the sake of doing a littlo political advertising? The ddvico was not wanting in astuteness. Mr. Patterson has a keen eyo for tho fluctuations of 1 public opinion, and a remarkable readiness to take advantage of any rising wave3. This may he all very well in its way, but it jars upon dis interested people to find n parade of indigna tion for merely party purposes at such a moment. If the new Protestant party is ever to be a power in the State its members must" lay asido vague denunciations and push" their" points home. Tliey must prove by fnct3 that there is need for bucIi a party in Victoria. Such facts ought to bo at hand if they had the' courage to use them, and Mr. Patterson would bo better employed in giving them publicity than in executing a pas dc deux with Sir Bryan O'Loglilen over Lord Cavendish's body. Sham the third was the O'Slianassy oracle' anxious to prove that the murder of Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke was, if historically regarded, an evidence of tho nobility of Irish men and tho. pacific influence of tho Catholic Chnrch. If neither he nor Mr. Daffy sue-' ccoded in their patriotic endeavors, their failure must be ascribed ratlier'to the intract able nature of tlio case than to any lack of sophistry. Sir John O'SUanossy especially, while exhausting his objurgatory epithets upon the crime, contrived to convey the im pression that the criminals wero well meaning but ill-usod humanitarians, who might, if Irish history had beon a less complicated study, have proved excellent members of tiie "peace at liny price party" under the leadership of Mr. Par- noll. It will be judged then that, short as Tuesday's session wa3, it contained a good deal of food for reflection. Tho opinion of most listeners would he that of the author of Hudibras : — Hypocrisy, the lliriving'st calling ; 1 Ti'10 only saint's bcli that rings ail in ; A gilt that is not only able ' To domineer among tbo rabble, But by tbo law's empowered to rout And awe tho greatest that stand out. The debate on the Berry vote of want oi confidence is not over, and yet two more votes of a similar nature havo boon already tabled. Truly the existence of the Ministry promises to bo troublous. Mr. Fincliam will in all probability allow his motion for a com mittee of inquiry into Mr. Bent's railway freaks to ho absorbed into that of Mr. Francis. A good deal will depend upon tho way in which this latter motion is worded, and the Ministry is exhausting its influences to have it framed so that they can accept it. They are, ready to eat tlieir peck of dirt, and will refuse nothing except to resign their salaries. Oi course tho mere fact that an outsider has brought forward such a motion is a severe cuS to them, especially as they had hoped to shelve the whole matter by the appointment of a bogus committee of their own. But if Mr. Francis is firm, and phrases his motion fairly, tho death-knell of the Government will be sounded indeed. The enrious thing about tlio list of members for tbo committee which Mr. Francis has drawn up is this. It does not contain a single Catholic. No one can suppose that tho omis sion is unintoutional. It shows that I10 recog nises tho true position of affairs. For though it is not generally known, I10 must he perfectly aware that tho Catholic members in an emer gency can always be counted on the Govern ment side. In the private lists circulated by Sir Bryan O'Loglilen beforo his motion oi want of confidence caino on la3t year, there appeared the names of all the Catholic members. When it was discovered that Mr, Berry was in a minority without them, the two or three Catholic members sitting behind him were allowed to obey their political prin ciples and remain there. They were no- needed then. Ill tho same way, when it 'seemed likely that Sir Bryan would he beaten by a coalition between Mr. Berry and Mr. Francis last week, the private lists of the Government whips contained all the Catholics in tho House. When Mr. Francis cried off, tho names' disap peared. Onco moro thoy can be dispensed with, nnd tliey will vote against the Govern ment accordingly. But if Mr. Francis's mo. tion is opposed by the Ministry, wo shall sea them rally iu defence, that is, unless Sir Bryan should be in a hopeless minority. If he should ho iu a minority with them or in a majority without them, thoy will again prove true to their principles. But they are always ready at hand to meet a crisis. Such is their plan for the campaign, nnd who can say it is not worthy of St. Patrick's 1 It was in 177S that Lord Camden wrote to the Duke of Grafton concerning Lord Chat ham's appearance in tho Lords. "The earl spoke, but was not like himself : hi3 speech faltered, his sentences broken and his miud(. not master of itself." No apter words could be found to describe Mr. Francis's attempt tu address himself to tho motion on Thursday night. He struggled in vain to keep hold of the thread of his discourse, but it slipped through his fingers and left him helpless. References to his notes failed to plnck him out of tho difficulty, and after some embarrassing pauses and apologies he was compelled to sit down. The demeanor of tbo Houso during this trying scene was admirable. The strictest silence was observed, except when outbursts of sympathy intervened. On every side there was consideration and regard. Tho Speaker offered to, allow him to speak from bit seat, and his request to bo allowed tc postpone tbo remainder of his retrufrkr - until Tuesday was received with unani mous approbation. The tangled and contra, dictory sentences peculiar to the member for "Warrnambool wero moro hopelessly involved on this occasion than usual. But there wen two or three points upon which ho expressed himself decisively before he sat down. Hi himself has no regard' for the Miuistry-and - S. be is very surprised at the determination of the Conservative caucus to support them. Turtlu-r, lie feels that lie will not be able to bear the strain of office, espe cially if it is attached to the leadership, in any combination which may replace them, and that lie will, as in the Service Cabinet, content himself with tho position of adviser in chief Without a portfolio. Such statements nre full of importance. Sad as the scene was when Mr, Francis was speaking, it was impossible for an onlooker to help noticing tlie ludicrous features of the incident. The breathless interest with which members lntng upon his words was not solely prompted by respect and sympathy. The con cern displayed by tlie corner members on each side, who put their hopes in a coalition, was almost painful in its intensity. Catholic mem bers could not disguise their relief when ho concluded without any reference to tbe educa tion question. Mr. Bent wiped a cold perspi ration from his brow, nnd tiie Ministry gene rally shook itself together when it found no committee of inquiry nominated as yet. One could perceive a certain restlessness among the prominent Constitutionalists, who hope for a reversion of tlio leadership ; and I should not be surprised to learn that there danced before the Premier's eyes a vision of himself as the undisputed chief of tiie Con- aervatives, and mastcrof the political situation. Those members of a distinctly Protest-ant com plexion wero most moved, ns thoy perhaps Wisely regarded Mr. Francis as a bulwark of their cause. Hence, blended with unselfish sentiments naturally aronsed, one could per ceive on every hand that each member was putting to himself tho problem, What will happen in tho new shufilc of the cards if Mr. Francis's retirement should ho permanent? So precarious is tlie position of the Ministry, threatened by every breath of wind from any quarter, that when Mr. Francis failed to in- dicnte exactly his attitude and intentions the debate broke slioi toir, tiie wary ones postponed their speeches, and those who did deliver them selves bad an almost empty house before tliero. A few of the speeches during the week are . worthy of note. Taking them in order of de livery, Mr. M'Coll comes first. With much excellent matter in his speech it must be con fessed tlmt tlie manner was very defective. He is. simple-minded, earnest and timid, and hence the brawlers of the Ministry take every opportunity of confusing and loading him astray by wily interjections. Had he limited himself to thirty minutes he would hare made h much deeper impression. The elder Pitt was the first orator to introduce long speeches uf.two or three hours' duration into the House of Commons, liy which, as Brougham says, 'oratory has gained little, and business less." The delusion which leads our representatives Into emulating Pitt and Burke is the utterly erroneous impression that they are called upon u give an opinion upon every point raised in thedehatc, even tf the same opinion has already been several times repeated. Life is too fast nowadays for us to travel by canal boats. : Though vcty superior iu style and vigor to Mr. M'Coll, and delivering the second best speech of the debate, Mr. Mirams fell into tho same pit. At the commencement he announced that lie would not occupy a minute more than an hour. Man proposes in such cases, but it is lus character that disposes. So it fell out that Mr. Mirams travelled far iuto tlio second hour before lie resumed his seat. Clear, precise and logical, he laid bare nil tiie sore places of the Government, with the skill and coolness of a practised physician. Perhaps it is owing to Mr. Bent's Edenic state of innocence that they continue naked, hut not ashamed. If Mr. Mirams exposed- their raw places, Mr. How supplied the pepper nnd salt which, rubbed in with great zeal, provoked screams of rage from tlie Ministerial benches. His role was that . of a sympathiser with the Ministry. He described their miserable con dition, and wept over it. Other men might have rejoiced, on seeing their opponents so wretch edly neglected nnd dependent — but not the amiable Dow. With aheart filled to thebriin with pity, horominded them of every blunder which tbey had made, and . of every fault which they possessed. He recounted, with the most ela borate minuteness, all the cruel things that had been said nnd thought about them, and all the iniquities of which they were suspected, and when he had racked his unfortunate vic tims to tlie extreme verge of endurance, ho beamed upon them with the same killing kind- . liness that, according to Nathaniel Hawthorne, characterised the juilgo who carried his blight- ing-influqnee into " The House of the Seven Gables." Mr. Heakln's clever sallies on Thursday wero equally amusing, though in a different vein. The strangers' gallery around me was in a simmer of delight while lie spoke, and the House every few minutes broke into roars of laughter. His descriptions of Mr. M'Intyro as "the mildly malignant member, who was kite a roan in the second stage of sea sickness, because lie discharged nothing but bile," and of tho new member for Boroondara as " single- litring Walker," because of tho monotonous similarity of his speeches, were specially good. His matter, on the whole, however, was not equal to his manner. Tlie speech was a pretty piece of persiflage, but contninod a super fluity of ornamentation. It was as much a relief to tlie House, if Mr. Longmore will allow, me to say so, as " Drinks all Round." But one ennnot be fed upon fireworks. QUIP. 