?-uNDAROO, (From our Oorresponde?n.) Tnis morning started with heavy rain and 1wiod, and everyone hoped it wouldcontinue all!day, but as afo as the rainlweia cncbrned !we were ddidmed to disappuintmeut, for by 9 a.m. it had entirely passed.off, although :the-heavy-wind continued- all day.- ?iDring thejlittlo time the rain fell it was pretty lieavy,10 hlundredths being registered. The L rainfallfor..the -month..in-33- hundredths, I while for the nine months from 1st January Sitli"ne been 13.35 inches '(or nearly l38in.), the heaviest fall. being. in April and the lightest in February last. The Conicert.-You'had'thd retdlt of this 3 I perceive,, in your telegratmn yestorday.... I s msay add.that.i :was, as your tblegram ssays, 3 a grand sudcess, the h 'use being drowded. The programme csue very :lengthy. and not got through till 10.80 p,m., w:.en dancing t began and was kept up-till-- daylight, all s seeming to- enjoy - themselves very much. a The proceeds amounted to £11. out .ginif; the expenses .. ' r. "p.wiil?be"taken, and-thers, will t then r~iain a dhideume aeti, fo(l thil pur pose for tWhidh te'cocerert was given. Mr r A. Dyce, J.P. occupied the chair, and after r a few. remarks intimated that the concert would begin with an instruimental trio by e W. C. and I: Dyce,. on the_ violin, picalo. f and. harmonium;. the harminy of this over e ture was grand. Dr.; Beales then gave a lively address, and srated that he never had any idea of seeing the society which Mr W. Aflieck and,.hilself ijititet, tiweiy years agd d.i4lo~hb-tthi but-i-tendedd to show from what small othiugs great, ones. arise. Nei~ttticompany song Grandfather's Clock; followed by the song, Kiss Me Quick and I Go, by F. Williams; recitation, The Wo a man with Three Cows, E. Cameron ; round, Haste to.the Ferry, by nine of the company, comic solo, J. Kealman; comic song, Bully P.irem, 0. Dyeo I song, Serensde, J. White; instrumenttll trio, tWo tiolins atid picolo, H. C: and W; Dyce; song, Anttie Ilisle, -E: Cameron ; reading, Auction Extraordinary, W. Affieek; song, Belle of the -Ball,-Clnr. Dyce; and-a stump speech by W. "., Clam enger. -This, brought the first part of the programme to. a close, amidst roars of laughter. After an interval of ten minutes the -sebond ~part of the programme began wi?°aiia instrumental trio, Home; Sweet Home; ' song and chorus, Hard TI'imes, by the company ; reading, Here She Goes, and There She Goes, J. M'Grath song, Sunny New South Wales, W. Dyce; song, Rustic Young Beauty, Curtis Dyce; song, Good Old Jeff, T. Williams; song, Complaints, in character; song and chorus, Three Jews, company; recitation, Psalm of the Bald Head, by Curtis Dyce; song, by J. White; Smithy Song, NW. Affleok; song, Seeing Nellie Home, T. Williams. After this W R. Clemenger, C. Dyce and H. M'Grath performed a farce entitled The Gundaroo Ghost, being a take off of a resent local incident; The parties who saw the original ghost interrupted the actors a few times, but all passed off happily. Mr White thanked the audience for their attendance, and the National Anthem concluded a very pleasant entertainment. The members are to have a private social gathering on Wednesday to wind up the season. . Our new host has taken possession of the Commercial Hotel, and from this time it will be under the name of Thos. Bailey. A petition of now being signed asking the Post-master General to establish a horse mail twice a week between Upper Gunda roo and Bungendoro, for the benefit, princi pally, of persons living along the road. September 30. Is calling attention to a change in the pre sent issue of the advertisement of Messrs Dixson and Sons, the well-known manu facturers of the popular and favourite brands of tobcco known as "Yankee Doodle" and " Conqueror," we may state for-the information of our readers that the enterprising firm are erecting a new factory at the corner of Park and Elizabeth streets, Hyde Park, Sydney. It is said the new edifice will be in all respects the largest and most complete tobacco factory this side of the equator. The material of which it will be built is brick, with elaborate fronts occupying a space of 240 feet, and having an elevation uf seven floors. .From its central and commanding position the structure will present a very imposing as pet 'from an architectural as well as practi cal point of view. We may add, so great and increasing is the demand for the two favourate brands of their tobaccos men tioned above, that the manufacturers have, for a time at least, discontinued making some ot their cheaper brands, their whole energy and appliances being' concentrated to meet the constant and growing calls for " Yankee-doodle" and " Conqueror" to baccos. THE magnificent comet which appears in our eastern sky every morning is a glorious spectacle, andwill well' repay the effort of rising an hour before daylight to obtain a view of it when the atmosphere is clear, as it was this morning. A PRIVATE school has been opened with good attendance, by a Miss Phillips, in the Church of England school room at Can berra. NoTwITnsTAiDIrao the dry weather, the cereal crops of the district are reported to be vigorous and healthy. THE Licensing Court sits on Friday, wheon, amongst other business, a charge will be preferred against a local publican for ptermitting music and dancing on his pre mises without the required authority. Mn. E. B. MoanoA, solicitor, announces in our advertising columns his intention to commence practice in Queanobeyan on Mon day next. THtE delegates to the Land Law confer ence, Messrs. Gale and G. DeSalis, which commenees its sittings inSydney to.morrow, leave town to-day. A CORREBPO'DENT, writing from Hos kingtown, report that two letters contain. ing money- addressed to a lady in that locality, have been intercepted in their course from Hay. There should be an official inquiry into the matter. So:nme important facts in connection with thle recent burglaries at the Newcasetle Post O?)fice and Union Bank have been obtained by thie police. Noonan, the prisoner who escaped from Albury jail. has been recaptured near Wanearatta. The :breach ofpromise case stCootamun dra. Noble v. Oliver hai resulted in a. ver diet for.plplaintiff for £150. i : Wheatear, who was severdely injured by an' accident while training with.Sir Oliver at Rsandvici some weeks sinued h!!gr bad to be destroyed. . . . 'ulie ir: selectors ,once more'.- Michael Ford,- selector, of Urall% short Patrick Burke in the left breast: ' They quarrell.d over an i'impounciug case. The Vie t ,rian Aseeinily seems in ace. r?, w'th our own sI t. thei hmippin"g of larri kins. Rmesolutions to tbo amsme;effect w r, moved simultaneounly in both Houses. 