UNDER A CLOUD. CHAPTER X. It was some time before Harold got over the effects of his interview with Neale. He woke the next morning with & dull headache and the consciousness of something in himself and in his daily life being altered. The remembrance of his schooldays and the thought of the misery and complications that might arise in consequence of what had happened in them had been often before his mina, and had often troubled him much. But as the years passed on, and nothing had chanced to bring the old troubles vividly before him, he had gradually got to look at them as things of the past. An occasional curse at his own weakness and the ingenuity of his betrayer, and a momentary shudder when he thought of the ruin the disclosure of his secret would entail, and the scenes and friends and enemies of his youth were banished by the cares and pleasures of the all absorbing present. But now the aspect of affairs was changed. Last night's chance meeting and the conversation it had given, rise to, showed him how insecure his position must always be, how thin a thread kept the suspended sword from falling on his head. The resolution he had made on the previous night that he would work hard at nis book, and win so much money and fame as to be in a position to bid defiance to Neale, sounded very well over night; but when viewed by the sober light of day it formed but a slender peg on which to hang his hopes for the future. At all events his first duty was to get up and go to the office. But what if Neale had already found out. who was his employer, and, filled with malice, had already started or was on the point of starting to disclose his secret to Mr. Stuke ? He could never bear to face the reception he would meet at the hands of Monger and the other clerks, even if be was allowed to stay on for a few days in the office. He would keep away for that day, send an apology on the plea of illness—ana he really was i£L If Neale had been there and told anything he would be sure to hear something about it that same day, and could regulate his movements for the morrow accordingly. Bah ! he thought as his mood changed again, what a fool and coward he was! Was it likely that ; Neale would go off at once, and do his worst, when he knew he would not himself benefit in the least by the result. No, his enemy's movements would not be open ones like that, and he felt sure that he would hear more from Neale before any really hostile steps were taken against him. So he hurried off to the city, and there, with aching head and troubled heart, set to work on his daily routine. He had been; showing a little more capability for work lately, and had got through the many odd iobs which formed his "department" pretty early in the day, so Mr. Monger, who was always only too glad to slip any work from his own shoulders or department on to the backs of those in the outside office, had given him some of the routine work of the bookkeeping room to do. Harold hated those long columns of figures as he poured over them that morning till his brain fairly reeled. Still he found a relief from himself and his own thoughts in adding up the big columns of the " Petty Ledger," and checking Mr. Monger's small figures, and he bent over his work with an earnestness that astonished the head clerk, who was obliged, in spite of himself, to acknowledge that Haiold seemed to have made up his mind to work. Mr. Stuke, passing in and out of his office, also noticed Haroltfs deep attention, and smiled to himself, putting down the change in his clerk's manner to a very different cause from the true one. " So Betsy is right, after all," he said," what a wonderful woman she is in those things. Now, I would never have thought he was so sweet on Amy, but she smelt a rat at once. And I suppose, now, that Linton has been worrying his brains about the girl ever since he firet saw her, and wondering if I'll give my consent, and how they're to live. Ha, ha! rll put that all right : for you young chap. Now he's working away like a madman to try and get the thought Qf her out of his head. Well, Til just let him alone for a day or two, and he shall come down to my place next Saturday, if he likes, though it will be only a week since he (was there last." Of course, Mr. Stuke on his return home that evening gave a full account of the events of the day to bis better half, and that lady took no little credit to herself for her powers of divination. " I knew it," she said, " from the moment he sat down under the trees with me and watched the girls playing croquet. I could see him keep on looking at Amy, and she every now and again looked back to see if his eyes were still on her, and I said to myself at once ' if that isn't a case of spoons there never was one.' And now, Mr. §., what are you going to do?" Thereupon a council of war was held, and after a good deal of talk it was resolved that Harold should come down to Parkside Villa as often as he liked, and things should be allowed to take their course. As far as money was concerned Harold was certainly poorly of; but then he was the grandson of a viscount, which in Mrs. Stake's eyeB, at least, was an honour worth paying for. The question of her daughter's happiness did not trouble her very much, Harold seemed a nice sort of younj; fellow ; no doubt he and Amy would be right enough. -1 have already given the reasons for Mr. Stuke's anxiety to help his young clerk on in any way and therefore, if his fa vourite daughter was in love with hlrn, and ^e had a like affection for her, he saw no reason why a match between the two should not be made, pro vided time showed that Amy and Harold really were fond of one another. With that unpleasant jocularity people of his stamp generally do treat all love affairs and engagements, Mr. Stuke during dinner made several laughing allusions to the behaviour of a friend of Amy's, the particular enquiries he had made, how pale he looked ana so on, all of which intensely amused his wife and himself, drew forth' a succession of half envious giggles from the two elder girls, and made poor Amy blush and feel dreadfully miserable. She blamed herself for having allowed her feelings to carry her away so far as to make her partiality for Harold so obvious to her parents and sisters, and she felt readv to faint when she thought that perhaps Harold himself had noticed it and judged her a forward and impudent girl or a weak foolish one. Altogether she would have been very wretched indeed had not hope whispered to her that he had not thought her weak or forward, but that he really cared fop her, at all events just a little, and some pardonable girlish pride at the idea of the possibility of her having made such a conquest swelled at her heart. Tnat night her two sisters also discussed matters at length. Both Were a little jealous of their quiet shy sister T who had up till this time attracted so little attention, and who had been always completely put in the shade by their brilliant forms- and manners, so suddenly and easily walking off with such a man as Harold Linton,, ffhot even if he was not " their style" ought properly to have been tried and found wanting. Jby them before he was handed over to the)r- younger sister as her absolute property, jj "After all," said tbe eldest, "he isn't lip.lflftk at, -Ihegfe a njQ style about him like Bob Forpstor Charley Smith or many fellows we know" "No Gnssy, and he's so quiet, He can't chaff and go on as thgy dp." " No, Miranda, he ofsptainly isn't good company." "And besides he hasn'tjgot a penny, papa i'll have to keep them both." "And he's as proud,of himself and his family as ever he can be. I never did care for him." "No more did £, and I wish Amy joy of him." So they said good night, and both went off to their rooms secretly jealous and vexed at their own want of success in capturing a man whom they knew to be far better than the young city men or country lawyer's clerks who formed the male portion of their society. , , Harold was rather surprised when on- the Wednesday of that week l}e received a note from Mrs. Stuke inviting him again to stay at Parkside Villa from Saturday to Monday, and he almost immediately made up his mind to decline it. Certainly Amy Stuke was a nice sort of girl who did not plague him with questions, and who seemed to appreciate him, but the idea of enduring the vulgarities of Mrs. Stuke and the noise of those two awful daughters was too much, for him in his present frame of mind. Besides he had made a good start on his great work, and though his mind had been and still was constantly recurring to his [interview with Neale and the possible complications that might arise therefrom, yet he had found, as Johnson says, that anybody may write if they only set themselves doggedly to it. I think I have mentioned before that Harold saw a good deal of similarity between himself in Adam-street and Johnson in his early days in Exeter-street. Mrs. Stuke's invitation was therefore, declined, a previous engagement being of' course pleaded, and the merchant and his wife _ were a good deal concerned and astonished at this unexpected event. After some consideration, however, they concluded that it was only another natural phase of Harold's malady. He had found tnat work had so far no power to. drive Amy^s. image from his mind, and had determined to see if absence from his enchantress would not break the spell. "But he can't get over it," said Mrs. Stuke. " You'll see about the middle of the week he'll find it's no good. Love will have its way, and he'll make all sorts of enquiries for us and say how sorry he is he couldn't come down, and jump at the offer when you ask him to run down next week." Mr. Stuke hardly believed this, but of course he would not tell his wife as much. He began to wonder whether it was possible that they had been mistaken after all, and whether Harold's sudden fit of hard work, was not owing to some other cause. He hoped not, for he felt sure that he and his; wife had rightlyi divined their daughter's' feelings in the matter, and he felt very sotry! for her when he saw how disappointed she' looked on learning that Harold was not coming down on Saturday. But then he remembered that women always understand these things better than men, and he comforted^ himself with the thought that after all his wife was very probably right in her view of the case, and that Harold's refusal of their invitation was all owing to a gentlemanly bashfulness which (honest man) he owned to himself he' would scarcely have felt had he been in our hero's-place. CHAPTER XL When Sunday morning- came, Harold found himself, for the first time in his life, condemned to spend the day in the .solitude of London lodgings, he half regretted he had not gone down to Sevenoaks, where he could have passed the day in the fresh air and lovely scenery of the park. It was very lonely in Adam-street, and he looked back with feelings of mingled pleasure and regret to the walk with Amy Stuke to the hill overlooking the wealth of Kent. London was unbearable, so 'he took the tiain to Kingston, and after a long pull up the river, and a dinner, in the consumption of which he showed a wonderful amount of energy for a love-sick man, he started to walk home through Richmond Park and Richmond. It was a lovely, summer's evening; the green grass and fine old trees of the park were flooded with the golden sunset. The deer were leaving the ferns and the shady nooks and hollows to come out and wander in the open now that the heat of the day was past. Harold was planning in his mind the next chapter of his book, modifying and altering his plot, which had already begun to take a dark and sorrowful complexion, from the nature of the writer'sown circumstances. He found great difficulty in keeping bis ideas concentrated. They would wander off to himself, his own troubles, and his relations with the Stuke family, and one member of it in particular. However, after some time, he got his mind fairly fixed on his work, when, just as he was nearing the Richmond-hill gate, he saw before him Neale, young Stuke, and two women, highly dressed, and talking loudly. They were crossing his path at right angles, and as both the males of the party! were apparently engrossed in conversation with their fair companions, he sheltered himself behind a tree, and waited till they had passed, then hurried out at the gate and homewards as fast as he could. But the sight of his enemy once more brought the old fears and troubles into his miha, driving out all other thoughts. Was he always to be haunted by the ghost of the past, was there never to be an nour's sunshine in his life? The remembrance of his guilt and his cowardice and the fear of detection were now ever present to him, and made, his life so wretched and miserable, that for a moment the thought passed through his mind whether it would not oe better once for all to end it, than to go on as he was going without a. moment's peace or. rest or happiness. Then, he thought of emigrating, going to America or Australia, and turning hunter or trapper or stock-rider or station-hand; but fortunately he knew a little about the colonies, and was aware how hard a task it is for an unknown and friendless man to get on there. America seemed perhaps a more likely field for his talents; but, then, alas! they were such eminently .unpractical ones, and £100 a year is hardly enough for a man to live on anywhere. No, he must stay where he was, perhaps, after all, Neale would not trouble him, and, at all events, if he only had time and could once get -a start in Ms literary career, he would be able to bid defiance to his enemy. The truth was that Harold did not really feel disposed to make any great change in his life. Certainly it was not a very happy one, owing to the past and his fear of the future, but then the same fears in a greater or lesser degree would be always before him, for wherever he went he could never alter what had happened or know what was to come. Beside his £200 a year kept him moderately comfortable in his quiet way of life, and he was not particularly anxious to make any change. But above all the desire for fame kept him in his present place, for he knew that in no other city in the world was there &o; much chance of success for a young novelist as in London. So he decided he must stay where he was and face the future, and on the whole he rather liked the idea and was proud of himself for his resolution. A weak man in; trouble always magnifies both himself and his cares, till he exalts himself into a hero and becomes quite pleased with his rfoomy surroundings, which he guards and cherishes with the same sort of pride that a schoolboy does a loose tooth or a double-jointed finger. By the middle of the week Harold, who had been making fair progress with his novel and had not heard nor seen anything of Neale, began to think of the family at Sevenoaks. ana to wonder whether they were at all offended wfch him for having declined their vious engagement," made him all the more anxious to hear about them. At all events Mr. Stuke informed his wife one evening that Harold had enquired after her and afl the family, and had said how sorry he had felt at being obliged to refuse her kind invitation. "Didn't I say so?" said Mrs. Stuke triumphantly, " 1 knew it. It's come on him stronger than ever, and he finds he must give in to it. Ask him down next Saturday, Sen, and you see if he don't jump at the offer." "Talking about offers," replied her husband, "I hope he'll pull himself together and speak to that girl soon, she looks as pale as a sheet and goes about in those beastly tight dresses, like a yard of pump water, as the saying is." " Don't fret yourself, Ben, but just do as I tell you, and ask him down next Saturday. He'll speak fast enough when he finds the gii'l likes him, and that we seem to be glad to see him here. So the next day Mr. Stuke told Harold that he had given Mrs. Stuke his message, for which she was much obliged, and hoped that he would come to them from Saturday to Monday next, adding that Mrs. Stuke had not written a formal note because they already looked upon him as an old frien<C and trusted he would not wait to be asked but run down to Sevenoaks whenever he had a mind so to do. So on Saturday afternoon our hero found himself again at Parkside Villa. He was received, rather to his surprise, by Amy, who apologised for her mother's absence, saying that she and two elder girls had been obliged to go and see a friend of theirs who was just leaving the neighbourhood. Mr. Stuke had business with the gardener and the groom which occupied him nearly all the afternoon; so- Harold and Amy wandered unfettered about the garden and talked to each other for some time. Finally, at Amy's request, Harold took np the book she had been occupied with, and, sitting under the old tree in thfr lawn, read aloud to her. It was a. love story of rather a w6ak and sentimental sort,' but Amy thought she had never listened to anything so lovely, as Harold threw all the fire and passion he could into the speeches command of the lover. He rather fancied himself as a reader, and always tried to do his best no matter how small his audience was. When Mrs. Stuke came back from her drive and looked about for the results of he diplomacy, she was delighted to see the group on the lawn, and to find from her husband, who was sitting with a woeful face in the coach-house, which was at the side of the garden a little way from the house, that he had been doing penance there all the afternoon for fear lest his sudden appearance would put an end to the tete a tSie which his wife had sq strictly ordered him to bring about. Yet it did not seem iafter all as. if much real progress had been made, and Mr. Stuke felt a little disappointed when Harold went away on Monday morning and nothing definite had been said or done. However, she consoled herself with the thought that there was still plenty of time and that another visit might bring about the desired result. Harold, during his stay at Parkside Villa, learned one piece of news which startled him. On the Monday morning Mrs. Stuke had received a letter from her son, dated and posted at the Curragh (it had been sent from London to his servant at the regiment's head quarters), saying that he and a brother officer would probably be in town about the time his letter arrived, and that they would run down to Sevenoaks and spend a couple of days there. They would not be able to stay more than that as they had only a week s leave and had really come over on regimental business, but of course he, Arthur Wellesley, would not think of going home without seeing his parents. And so it seemed to Harold that the net was closing round him—that the day of discovery was drawing nearer and nearer. Yet, perhaps the danger would again pass over; perhaps his name would, not be mentioned in the enemy's' presence,, for, of course, he was totally ignorant of the fact that Neale was perfectly well posted up in his affairs, and knew quite well his feelings towards Amy. Although he was alarmed at this news Harold went back to his work in the office in better spirits than usual, and stuck so well to his books as even to draw forth a grudgingly-bestowed word of praise from Mi'. Monger, Indeed, that gentleman, who always endeavoured to swim with the tide, was somewhat exercised in his mind as to what line of conduct he should persue towards Harold. It was hard for him to depart from his custom and abate one iota, of that authorityand despotism with whichhetyiaanised over every new clerk; but then Harold w^s-scarcely treated as^my ordinary clerk, and* Mr. Stuke showed him such marked attention that Monger began to wonder jsliether he had aiiy thoughts of ever fra.lHn<r him into partnership or, at all events, giving him a high position in the' office. H such were nis intention it would be very bad policy on Mr. Monger's part to make himself disagreeable or objectionable to Harold, and as it would be better to err on the sale side he adopted a sort of familiarity and favouring civility towards Harold that only made oar .hero dislike Mm all the more and,, as he pretty well guessed what were Monger's motives for this change of conduct, despise and distrust him. Still, even though he disliked the head clerk, he found the office work less disagreeable than it had bsen a month ago, partly because he had become more his own master, and also by Mr. Stuke's specjal orders he was promoted to a little more important work than' endorsing receipts and indexing the letter-books. . In the meantime Arthur Wellesley Stuke and his friend Neale had taken up their abode for a couple of days at Sevenoaks. It was somewhat curious to see the difference in the behaviour of the two friends. Neale, whose life for the last five or six years had been .passed in the noise and talk of the barrack - room, who had ever since he could remember been obliged to fight his way through the world without the help of parents or real friends, and who principally looked for existence to that vague and general means known as a. man's wits, seemed at once to sink gladly into' the regular life of that small circle at Parkside Villa. _ The son of the house, who until latelyhad lived a quiet undissipatea existence, seemed to be restless and dull, and to find great trouble in passing his tim away. From the first Neale was attracted strongly towards Amy Stuke. He not only admired her face and person, but her quiet gentle nature exerciseid a good deal of influence over him. _ It was new to this man whose only experience of female society had of late yeans been pretty well confined to the members of thefdemi monde or the fast beauties of garrison towns, to talk to this shy unsophisticated girl, so different to the women with whom he was in the habit of associating. He also felt a great Hiring for Mr. Stuke, in spite of the merchant's vulgarity, and divided most of his attentions between Amy and Her father. Mr. Stake talked pretty freely to his son's friend; whom he found a very agreeable companion, for Neale could make himself uncommonly pleasant whenever he chose to take the trouble to do so. In the course of one of their conversations the name of Louisa Stuke was in some way or other introduced, I think Neale had seen her likeness in one of the photographic albums and admired it. " Yes, she's a good-looking girl, Sir, but we don't see much of her, remarked Mr. Stuke. ".No. Hew is that i" "Well, between you and me and the post, she and ner mother don't hit it very well: and she's got a deuce of a temper has Louisa. "I'msnreshe can't inherit it from either of her parents, Sir." " Ha, ha, I don't know. Mrs. Stuke don't often say much now, .because she knows I never take any notice of that sort of thing. But Lor when we were just' married what a spirit she had, and how she used to comb my hair sometimes." That night when Ne4le found himself in the solitude of ins own room a -train 1 of thought altogether new to him. .began to occupy his mind. Like Harold, whose room he was using, he began to look bock on his past life, ana to wonder what the future had in store for him. His father and mother had died when he was only a child, and left him, but ill-provided for, to the care of an uncle, who put the boy to schoolj sent him to Sandhurst, sot him bis commission, handed him over his small property, and it was very small indeed when, ne came of age. and then ceased to trouble his head about rum. His uncle .was an old bachelor who lived almost entirely at his club, his schoolmaster's family were all grown up. and his life passed among boys and men, had never - had the softenings refining influence of a .-woman's love or companionship. Life had been always more ox less of a struggle to him, for being alone and friendless his schoolfellows had of course begun by tyranising over him; when he grew bigger and older he had tyraniBedover them when he went to Sandhurst he at first had to put np with the usual hardships and petty troubles of any new cadet; when he joined his regiment, a fast one, he was preyed upon till, plucked nearly featherless, he became knowing, and instead of being a pigeon he became a rook. I don't mean for a moment to give my readers to understand I think Neale would ever have become a model head of a family and a quiet respectable member of society. I doubt very much whether anything wfluld ever have made him even a moderately good man, but I am sure that his bringing up and the life his uncle chose for him were the very worst that could have posdbly been devised for him. A young man m a fast regiment, with scarce a hundred a year besides.-kis pay, has of coarse to do one or two things, either borrow money from the Jews or supplement his fixed income by his consequently was often compelled to do things at which his better feelings revolted, and for which even his slumbering conscience sometimes pricked him sharply. "It'sall very well," ne thought to himself as he sat and smoked by his open window, for he had carefully studied the geography of the house, and knew that he was far enough away from the rooms of any of the females of the family to venture upon another cigar, "It's all very well for people to talk about the deceitfulness of riches, and pray to be delivered in the time of their wealth, I wish to heaven I saw some chance of being troubled with the things our worthy host besought that we might be guarded against. What an age it is since I heard prayers read in a house. The last time must have been when I was at Rillingham. That reminds me of Linton. Poor beggar, I'm sorry for him, and yet I think I must draw him for £50 before long. I can't sponge on Stuke much more. Confound it, what a miserable life this is, and yet I'm not capable of starting on any other. If I'd only had money now I would go in for diplomacy or something of that sort, or at least I could have scraped up enough influence at the Horse Guards to stand a chance of being pushed on, and might have taken some interest in my profession, whereas now my betting-book occupies all my time and attention. I wish I were married or dead, it's all the same. That younger girl isn't bad looking, the twoelder are awful, simply awful, but she is quite passable, but so simple. What queer things young girls are, I never can quite understand them, perhaps because I know so much that I never realize how little they know. But that's a nice girl, and she will have a pot of money I expect, still I hardly think she's my style. That youngest one whose photo I saw looks as if she had some go in her, in fact I think the old boy said she- had a devil of a temper. At all events she would be worth trying for, I wonder how much they will have. I suppose the old fellow's well in. He's a queer old chap, awful cad, but goodnatured, and pretty cute, I should imagine at all events he s worth two of his son.- How I do detest that, snob, and yet I have to put up with his company and infernal airs. That's another evil of being poor. . But I do wonder what that third girl or the fourth, it don't matter much which will have. Let me see, the third one is Linton's little weakness. Well if he gets her I daresay I shall manage to come in for some of the spoil though it does seem almost a shame to keep that poor devil always on a string. Another result of my confounded poverty. Oh, well, it can't be helped, but certainly the idea of a marriage with Louisa Stuke is not a bad one. If I were only independent, and I should be then, I would reform, ana not prey upon Linton or any one else. I must think over it. I wonder what the old fellow would say." With these and many like reflections did Lieutenant Neale idle away the time till the coolness and dampness of the night air and the termination of his cigar told him it was getting late, and warned him that if he wished to keep in his host and hostess's good graces by being in time for their early breakfast he must get to rest without further delay. Of course young Stuke did not let his father and mother knows that he had been several days in London before be and his friend came down to Sevenoaks. Their leave was understood to be a short one, and the merchant was very pleased with his son and with Neale for being willing to devote three days of it to the society of the little household at Sevenoaks. He showed his pleasure by warmly shaking Neale by the hand when tne day for the two young men's departure came,jandgiving him a standing invitation to Parkside Villa. . His son profited in a more tangible way, ifor his father gave him a cheque for a good round sum in addition to his regular allowance when he left. So both the gallant friends went away very well satisfied with the result of their visit. Stuke had already made something by it, and Neale, with the images of Amy and Louisa Stuke before his eyes, the merchant's money bags forming an agreeable background to either daughter, thought he saw a fairly probable and not altogether dishonourable solution to his pecuniary difficulties. His code of honour was not a very strict one. Though even according to it the system he thought of pursuing with regard to Harold was not judged a very upright one, yet the idea of marrying a girl solely for her money was quite honourable and gentlemanly. He had a right, he thought, to expect that his wife should bring him something in return for the expenses she would cause him, and the loss which a quieter and more respectable mode of life would entail on him. A married man can hardly continue to live by his wits, even though as a bachelor he managed to support himself comfortably by that precarious means.; Besides, were he to marry one of the Misses Stuke, whose social position was scarcely equal to his own, he would have a right to expect she would bring him some very solid equivalent for the sacrifice he made. In his magnanimity he did not count the bestowal of his own sweet self as demanding any return in the shape of dowry. He was willing to throw his person into the scale, and take say £25,000 as a fair return for the advantageous offer he was prepared to make. 