AX THE OLD ENGLISH FAILL, EXHIBITION-BUILDING. WE give elsewhere a full account of the diversions and amusements at the Old English Fair at the Exhibitionbuilding. Here we need only mention that our illustrations depict : " Richardson's Show, as it Wasn't," our artist, instead of depictiug the too regular and commonplace performance under this name at the Exhibition, having drawn on his recollection of the terrific combat between two heavy villaius in the Richardson's of old time, when two murders, an abduction, a ghost, a fight, and a tableau of beauty released and virtue triumphant, were easily compressed into a breathless performance of ten minutes. " The Man in the Stocks," " The Chelsea Bunhouse." "A Haughty Old English Official" (this is a beadle who stalked about with great dignity, keeping naughty little boys and girls in order), " A Shot at Block " (a man with some dummy dolls and balls to bowl at them), " Welly Nice Old Englishee Fair" (the comment of a Chinaman, many of whose countrymen seemed much amused by the spectacle), "The Fortune Teller," and "The Recruiting Sergeant." A BACK-COUNTRY 11ACE MEETING. OUK artist has depicted a race meeting of the kind occasionally got up in some remotely inland country town. These races are generally promoted by a local publican or shantykeeper, who gives as prizes a whip, spurs, saddle, bridle, or other article of horse-gear, and keeps open house while the races are " on," charging only for drinks. Some of these enterprising promoters make a good thing out of the day's work, sometimes netting some £100 or £120 cash in the day and following night. The races, as may readily be imagined, are of a nondescript character, the jockeys ranging from swell stockmen down to native " boys" sticking their bare feet in the stirrups. CHINESE SMUGGLING IN MELBOURNE : SCENE OK THE LITTLE BOURKE-STREET SEIZURE. SINCE the recent seizure of 250,000 cigars on the premises of Sun Kum Lee, in Little Bourke-street, the Customs authorities have been actively endeavouring to trace other large consignments of smuggled goods which it was expected were stowed away somewhere in the vicinity. After many difficulties the officers succeeded on February 7 in unearthing a number of cases of contraband goods, which were roughly valued at between £7,000 and £8,000. The circumstances under which the discovery was made were somewhat peculiar. During the early part of the day Mr. Richardson, in company with Messrs. Brown, Nathan, and Lewis, of the Excise department, found a large number of cigars on tlie premises of a Chinaman in Little Bourkestreet, near to Sun Kum Lee's premises, and were about discontinuing their search when their suspicions fell upon a corrugated iron shed situated on the opposite side of the right-of-way leading to the back of Sun JKum Lee's yard. Upon examination, this unpretentious building was found to contain hundreds upon hundreds of cases of all sorts of Chinese merchandise, piled up from floor to ceiling so as almost to form a solid mass. Most of the cases bore the initials " S.K.L.," which were supposed to represent the ownership of them to be vested in Sun Kum Lee, but when inquiry on this point was made no one could be found to lay claim to a single package. Ah Ching, the resident principal of the firm, disclaimed any connexion with them, and denied "that he knew anything about them/ and all others who were questioned affected an equal ignorance. The officers were proceeding with the examination of the goods, which did not appear to bear the Customs mark, when a further surprise awaited them. There is, at the back of the Waxworks exhibition building a sort of ^ lumberloft, two small storeys high, and one of the officers expressing a wish to see the interior of it, asked to be shown where the door was. No one was able to point it out to him, and it was then noticed that the entrance to the loft was artfully concealed behind a huge stack of firewood, piled from the ground up above the top windows. This circumstance, of course, turned suspicion to conviction, and iu a few minutes the top layer of firewood was removed, and an entrance effected through one of the upper windows. Here it was found that this building also was compactly filled with cases of dutiable goods, though chiefly in this instance confined to tobacco, cigarettes, and spirits. Men were at once engaged to remove the firewood, and after about an hour and a half of hard work a passage was made to the door, which," when opened, showed the lower part of the building to be also full of concealed cases. A large crowd, mainly composed of the larrikin element, gathered round the building during the operations of the officers, but the police were sufficient to preserve order. Several lorries were then brought into service, and the goods were placed upon them for removal to the Customs warehouse. The duty on the goods seized amounts to a very considerable sum, there being F>6 cases of cigarettes and tobacco, the duty on which will be £14 per case, or a total duty of £784, and about 400 cases of spirits, upon which the total duty, at £2 per case, amounts to £800. LAWN TENNIS. THIS illustration speaks for itself. Our artist has drawn a party of gentlemen and ladies engaged in the highly popular and fashionable game of lawn tennis on the tennisground attached to an Australian mansion. MRS. WATSON, THE LIZARD ISLAND HEROINE. WE give a portrait of poor Mrs. Watson, whose unfortunate story we related in our last issue. To place the portrait and the narrative together before our readers, we in another column reprint from the Cooktown Courier the sad account of the discovery of the poor woman's remains, and of the circumstances which preceded her death. THE NAVAL REGATTA : THE CUTTER RACE. WE notice elsewhere the Naval Regatta, which was held in Hobson's Bay on February 11. The race delineated by our artist is the Cutter Race, in which there were eight boats engaged. The Cerberus men came in winners, and the Nelson were second, the crews of the Russian men-of- | war making but a very poor show in the race. In our engraving the Cerberus men are shown leading, and the Nelson boat second. The official times taken as the boats passed the flagship will show the close positions of the first four boats :—Cerberus, 5h. 57m. 28|s., 1 ; Nelson, oh. 57m. 37s., 2 ; Williamstown Naval Reserve. 5h. 57m. 39s., 3 ; Sandridge Naval Reserve, 5h. 58m. 2Hs., 0 ; Afrika, 6h. 0m. 38is., 0 ; Afrika, Gh. lm. 15|s., 0 ; Plastoun, Gh. 5m. 12is , 0; Yestnik, Gh. 5m. 24is., 0 ; in which order the boats finished. IN THE DROUGHT. WE give full particulars on another page of the drought from which parts of the colony have been for some time severely suffering. The subject chosen by our artist as an illustrative picture is that of a man returning with his full tank from the creek, and giving a drink to a neighbour, who is driving his unfortunate cattle to the same place to slake their thirst. SKETCHES IN THE SUBURBS : WILLIAMSTOWN. In giving a series of characteristic sketches of the suburbs of Melbourne our artist has commenced with our marioe suburb, Williamstown. Williamstown is a great resort for Melbourne people on summer Sundays or Saturday afternoons, owing to the pleasantness of the breezy trip across the bay, and also to the fact that the maritime suburb has generally something of interest to exhibit. The subjects selected for delineation are " The Afrika (Russian man-ofwar) in the Graving Dock." " A Sketch from the Gem Pier," " The Haunt of the Sea Gull." " Patient Toilers of the Sea," "Ancient Mariners," " Washing Day on Board the Plastoun," " Alone," and "Russian Sailors." THE ICE-CREAM CART. THE perambulatory vendor of ice creams who retails his enticing Btores of coldness and sweetness round the suburbs is pursued by a crowd of hot and thirsty children, who seem to find a pleasure in watching others partake of the cooling sweets, and are also perhaps animated by a faint hope that some favourable chance may direct some morsels of the dainty their way. PASSING THE WEST CHANNEL PILE LIGHT. THE West Channel pile light, which was completed in August, 1881, is situate eight miles from Queenscliff, and has been erected for the purpose of marking the north end of the West Channel. The structure is built of red-gum piles, and fitted with a lighting apparatus showing a light for a distance of about 10 miles. It has taken the place of the ship known as the West Channel liglit- ship, and is equipped with all appliances for the purpose. The place is worked by three men ; this means of lighting is found less expensive in maintenance than that of a lightship. The scene represents the well-known steamer Golden Crown passing the light at sunset, which sometimes she does on the occasion of a special charter, when giving excursionists a longer stay on shore than usual, but her well-known speed enables her to reach Sandridge at this season of the year some time before that hour. 