THE POWER OFQ1E' GfNTLEESS TEE iinagamGa ette gives the follow ing account of a circumstance which shows the' wonderful powper of i?d,? ness ;-" Thero i:s ,a little giil: of'six: years of age, a daughter of Mr. David Thomas, whoii lives offn the borders of a pond which supplies watei for the fur-: nace works :aF.t he Wearo River, who hiasa tmost wonderful controlover aclass of animils hitherto thou ht. untame able. For a year, or two past the girl had been in the habit of playmng about the pond and throwing crumbs' into tlihe water for the. fishes. By degrees, these timid crestures have become so tamie as to come at hei dll, follow her :about the pond, and :eat from her hand. A gentleman went down there Si few days sinice vith his dauglitei to see.the little, creatures and their mis fress. . At first the fishes were deceived dd c~aime"~o't-he' sirface of the watei as 'the. gentleman's. daughter ;ap proached, but:in a moment t~hey discoivered .theit mistaike, :'": and whisked .awtay :.:fronm .:the stranger i~n high dudgeon:. ,Thei ofvni mistress then: came uip and called aiid' they crowded up,-- clustering about-.her hands to -;receive thei rumibs. She has, besides, a--turtle or tortoise whiclh i.has besh mimaed in .the 'leg. This creature .lives:n the poiid, and seems to: 'he eftirely under the control o 'the littfl girl? obeyingiher vioice and feeding fropn :her hand.: ?We:;iavea' just returned from a visitto :the pond;, aiid ?iavi-seeh I:tie :little bright-eyed girl sporitingc'ith lier obedient swarms o pickerel, po.t, a.nd.shiners, patting them on the head, stroking their sides i'd 'letting t~hiemislip ::thisiglit hheo??t haiids. She'las' her? favourites'amonc. them. iBA pout.which has been n~iteiea on the head in some way, and the' turtle w elisokeO of, ae remarkably ,in telligent. A more beautiful instance of the influence of kindness and gentle ness"can:hirdly be found." MhARRIAGE ceremonies'are pretty things, but the least touch ofjoking or sarcasm about them and: they shiver and fade' like ghosts and cock-crow. The other day we noticed a brougham going at a rapid pace up to a railway terminus with a faded old white satin shoe (faded from its original blue. white to the now requisite creamy tint), tied to a" spoke of the off-hind wheel. Everybody was grinning at this choice morsel of waggery, while the coachman and footman in front, and thehappy couple inside, were all unconscious of this honeymoon ticket at their back, And as for the ricoI shower, we once he:rd a soavengor, as he swept away a few pounds of it from I the roadway, say, as he looked up at a non-palatial residence, ' They'd better ha' kep' it, for the pudden they'll want to-morrer. ' : 