A WARNING. ? ?? fc.i * To Hie Editor. Sir, — I am sure you will allow me space to utter a word of warning.atthe present juncture. Your venerable morning: contemporary and her nocturnal shadow have priblished several articles and an inspired notice on the Education question. The inspired notice considered that it is necessary to keep the present Government in power until next Act. The articles seem to have no object whatever, except that of arousing discussion— if possible, acrimonious discussion. But whafr— your in nnocent readers will ask-^-can be the object of this resurrection of the dead? The Education Bill is law, and it is as eafe as the Habeaft Corous Act. The politician who dared to touch that act would be damned fflr ever as a public man. Not a speech, not a line of print, not a whisper in. or out of the House, has been heard to indicate the remotest intention of disturbing the Education Bill. What can b3 the object of Sir Henry Parkes in thus once more raising a ghost ? Thosa who have known him longest, best 'know the reason. He has been defeated on the Land Bill. The country disapproves of bis policy, and he knows it. He is trying on his old dodge of deflecting public opinion from the main issue, by raising a false issue — and that false issue is tie Education question, which was dead and buried long ago. If he could but tempt some Roman Ca | tholio bishop, to issue a pastoral, ' some priest or I clergyman to preach a sermon or make a speech ; if he could but heat the bad. passions of religion by stirring up a public controversy in the columns of your contempoMty, Ml obj&ot; would be gained. I do hope, Mr. Editor, that no one who disapproves of auction Bales', and ofjKhe other principles of Sir Henry Parkes' s land policy, will be caught in this trap. It ienot too much to ea-y that the future wel rf are of this oolony depends Upon her haying a radical iand reform. For this purpose it ia absolutely neoes Eory that at the approaching elections there should .be one issue, and that issue the land law, .before the country. Let every denilnunataonalist— %e n$ Pro testant, Bomaa. CattoUc.-dr Jew— turn a Seal 6ar to the Voice of the charmer, afad keep, quiet. ANOIxD HAND. 