TURF C0S8HV . , ? Br- Palcon.j ; ' ?»? . The'Hawkosburif^m'cotiiJg is on thisweck; and'r thither havo the ring fakeri- wirig.' t Atone/'tima ' we used to look' npdn'this'' mobtWg as ' thb '-'oiieitf ' ] jng'bf thb season'; hot' ttib. laWycar' or' iwtf'it1 ,'. is bben anticipated in more casea ihan one; ; NovertLoIcss/it^retaiiifl it' substance^ and may still ho regarded as tho 6r8t-nbetlngt which I, bat rios any significance with it. Tlifl 'Hawbesbhrj! GnincaB and tho Grand Handicap arerb4th!e'ij- titled to bo rated among tho first' class priiej o£thb year, and in thoir ranku BOtno''.' Tory.' good 'hoVflefc havo figured. On tho.prOBontroccaaionrirattior fancy that tho.. best colts ofjtiio- season- will l«J wanting in tho Guineas Kaco and:tu6~nifesion entrusted to tho sooond stfinfcB. ?. But -bb ? tha Guineas will bo run it is Bcarcoly worth whilo dwolling. on this, iboyond romarking.thatitho .con- test .wouldi Bocnw to 'bor botween ? four, horass— ~ Jcssio, Hecln; . iCotowftyor and , Fandango ; ;and althougli 'there is no. denying, that tho- two. formor/arotho host pnblio ? porformcra, there is nothing so wondorfdt in their; exploits -to malco them invinoiblo ; and'suchWa; colt as1 Cotbwayo ? must1 bo1 a very formidablo custoraor; wMlo ' if tho private trials of Fandango aro.tobd reiibd upon, and ho it all tho touts Bay. ho. is, the two publicperformers haxo thebiwrnk-cut out; and if theyaro boatonitwillcauso'mO littlesurpriao! The Hawkcsbury Grand' Handicap bids fair to, bo'a tremendous raao botweon a few Iiorses, arid I think .tho winner will bo; found to bo contained in tho following lot :— Cunnamnllaj Stingj Paul, Surrey, Kingswortli, Piracy and Harebell; Thoro nre.'bowovcr, in my opinion sufficiont-reasons for. excising' the name of Ounnamulla, for it is ecarccly consistent that a liorso whichhas been baoked to win ? £50,000 in tho Melbourne Oup is likely to 'Bock a 51b. penalty by aid1 of the Ha wkesbury .Handicap. For. thoso reasons I pass him by. There is reason to- boliovo that Paul is a good horso, and ho. is moderately weighted. Last year ho ran sovon times winning.threo races.' ITn in hv M'nribvi-nnH[TfrnmT,!irlv. nnd lflst.VOar.it was prophesied of him that this season would witness a marked ? improvement in his. form; His best performances aro to bo found on tho fourth day of1 tho A.J.C. Autumn Meeting, where1 in tho. Eous ? Handicap ho boat Somer BOt, Kcrolito/ Wieatoar, &c;, out. at tho timo ho r was receiving a lot! of weighty Whoat* ear giving him no less than 29 lb. Then.-vvilh 7st: 31b., ho was tliird to Result, 0 bU i lb,, anil Surrey, 7 st, i lb., in thoFroe Handicap. To my mind ho must mend thoso per forroanocs considerably to havo -a chance in this comimny. Sting and Hnrobell seem to hare mot lcforo..for I find that Stinc. 7 st. lib., beat S Harebell, 7 st. 2 lb., by two lengths for. the Town :] . Plato at Orange last year, over a railo and .i half. ~i On the socond day o£ tho mooting Sting, 7 st. 3 ;| lb.,wonthoOrango Jockey Club ffiindicap.-two '§. miles; in 3 mill. 11 J sec, whero I expect Hare 7j boll declined to moot him. Later on Sting won ji two races at Hudgoo. Indeed, in tho. country: :| districts ho ' appears to hsvo been a very hard J; horse to beat, and considerable weight was at I!; tached to theso' victories, bocauso boforo tho H weights came out for tho spring handicaps so vcrul 5? largooftors were mado for him by persons who do' 3, not throw- their money away. Returning to is Harebell, who is by Gemma di Yorgy from liessio ??'; Rano, 1 .find, with 0 st. 3 lb., Bho won tho Dubbo if J. 0. Handicap, Balthazar, 7 st. 7 lb., socond, 4, the race being run at a slow pace. On .tho fol '4 lowing day sho won tho Macquario Plato; a § milo and a half, with 0 ? st. 13. lb , f in. 2 ruin. 45 soc, Kal Kal, 6 st. 2 ;i§ lb., second. Therefore she' is. possessed; of | S paco when not over weighted. No doubtSting is ;'| the better animal,- but he has to carry 8 st., 'I whereas tho maro lias only 6 Bt. 8 lb., and put | ting this together with information received that :i Bho is really a good animal, and moreover will -' coma to the post really fit,. I think she will beat ' ij Sting and be very near winning tho rhco. In f. deed there is scarcely anything that I- prefer to .'; her. King6Worth,Gst.'101b., is by Barbarian from i a Kingston njaro,Tind at thoNorthcrn JbekeyClnb j Mooting .in Juno: won tho Epsom: Handicap, a i mile and a furlong, beating Hypatia, 8'at. 10 lb. f. and tliofollbwing day. ho landed tho Duckonfield S Park Stakes, one milo threo furlongs,, with-6' st. 4 3 lb., beating Euchro,7 st. 3 lb. jBrtim Boru, .7 st. ?a 0 lUj-Hyputia, 8°st. 7 lb,; Qucenoberry, 7 at. :4 1U lb: j'Frre!ight,: 7 at. 7' lb.;- Comet, 0 st. 7 lb. f and JimTysdn, 0 st. 31b.- This race' he ;won: i easily by two lengths— performances which cri f title him to rank in tho market. Piracy, 0 st. I 10 lb, , by Rapid Bay from Parasite, is also a good ' (i filly, and I shall juBt allude- to her perform I anoes.commoncingjit tho'Hawkosbury Autumn fj Afcoting, whero -sho won the Clarendon Stakes, | beating Hccla, Salonara, &o.; Sho also w'ori' tho % ? Shorts Handicap, beating 'Paragraph, &o..; ran f second to Dagmar, and a dead heat with lloberto. I Tliero is no. doubt but Bho is a, really good * filly, but I prefer Kingsworth; and Hattbefi'to a nny other, and if a' surpriso comes from a non I favorite tfiero is nouomorb likely to provide it I than Suf voy- i The Bocrotary of iho Victoria 'Amateur Tiirf f ClnV paldiover tha following' stakoa onOHonday, [ won at tho meeting on Saturday lost. : —Hr. T. !i Wilson, for tho Caulfield Grand National ' Steople [ ehaso. won' by Loft Bow'er, took £305 ;, Mr, T. [ Kiightch, .Hurdlo Racb, ' won' by Rhesus, £VU ;.? ilv. ». 8. Wallace £103, being: j Ihoi first' prizo' in; tho- Saplirigr- Stakes. first in tho Abiatenr Flat Raco .nnd second' t in' Iho Hurdlo' Rftco ; Mr. H. Hain'es, first inSollihg'Ra'cb, £100: Messrs. J. and R. Leokey, £84 for first with Qlowlight in. the Amnteur I Challon'go Cup, and to'thitf was annexed tho i lianileonio1 gold c(ip; tho gift of Mr. .A. S. Chirn ! sido; valuo' 100 gnincagj while Mr. Wallace bb cnWo1 tho fortunate possessor, of Mr, Robert I ChirnsidoV 50-guirica cup. Tho -totuV in stakes f nmountedto£785. ( Alreaay haa it bceh announced that tho Ben» fligo, Jookey Olub-wlll1 hold its 6pring Mcetingon Iho lGthand/lOth pENovember. It is'onlyVocontly, i hbwbv6r, that tho programmq ' has niado its ap ! iioarance/and this/is of tho usual character. Tho : first raco is tho Epsom 'Handicap,' oE 80 sovb., ono inilo-s Selling Race; 50 soVsi ; Handicap Hurdlo ? Race, HO.sovs., distaucb abopt.lwo miles ami a httlfj/tho'Sandhiirst' Cup,'200 sbvs'., ono'raiU.; and tlib Telegraph' Biakes, 70 eovs., six' fur longsi On tho second' day thore is a timo H^aBicap Trotji 50 sovb.: Flying: Handicap, 7OsoVs,'j six furlongs; Handicap Selling Hurdle Race, 00 sovb.,. ono milo and threo-quartors ; Beliaigo Handicap, 150 soys., ono- mUo and. a QUaTtorand adistanco ; and Handicap- Stebpto- - chase, o£, 100 soys., about two milos anda 'half— nvcry nice Httlo programmb,whicli sho'nia bo wbll supported. It will bo seen that tho Sandhurst Cup is reducofl f ronra mile and a- quarter atvd a uistanco to ono milo, and tho Bondigo.Handicap from one-milb and three-quarters to'a milo 'arid a nuarler arid a distance; The only objection I boo I lo tho programnlb is that tho Epsom nncl Band hurst Cup, on tho aanib day, nrotho e'amo dis- ' lanco, and thoro is- also tho Tblogr'aph St'akb o£ six 'furlongs, which- may affoot tho siio 'oE fho Colds, .although it may. draw'amplo nomihatiblls. ! xho: Maryborough . and. Corisbrpok Racos' i bio , to tako placo on' tho.27lh'andi 28tli' Sop. loinljorj : .; Thoi hill' oi faro- sliows H''Waidoh! rlnto.,20 s'ove. ;.Solling-irur(Jji)Ra1(!b;.2b sova. ;' Maryborough. and Croswiclo Handicap, . fiO'abvs,, one milo and a quarter ; Nbvol' Race, .30 sovs. ; Rutler, 60 sovb., halt a milo ; n Trpt,^GOsovB.'; Tullarbop Handicap, 60' soys.,' ono' milp'; Stewards' Cup. 30'sova.. thrce- oWarlei's' of n mSlo ; Handicap Hurdlo .force, 50 sovs. :, and Tiwn Plato. HaHdicafy fiO'sovs.,fivo firrlongW Nbminatioutrare diio oil Modtlay, 11th Soptoniber/ Our CollinS'Xtrotit oontcm'iiorary has 'lost -tha services of it9Bportina- cditoi, Mr. W. J. Iliin'. rdorsly, who has so long .and ably guided' itb fc rtunes. Mr. Hammorfilcry Covered his connec. tibn with tho papar lid has' b6en nssociatci'witli for tho last if years laptwcok. ' I Wobbgitotocknowledgc thb teicipt of Ihoif urf Jicgiiicri- which'is assnming) quitca'ibulky form; nidibidsftir^no Oay to bodividcdinto six montha ' ciitions, ' ? ' : Whon' SarsGbld, 0 st. 7 lb. , ran away from Col lipgwoodjllBt.lOdb.,; attho BeudigO' Wintori Sboplecliase'Mcetittg, ho wria put down a9wliat ia termed a coming.horso ; and it must bo ad rriitted that thoro was;ovory reasoh to assume tiatsuehwtfuld bo tho case. At-th6 Goding . Wintoiv Stcoplcchaso Mooting ho was scratched, . ntid it'. was- ungenerously said that his retire ment was brought about in tho interest of tho - Balhvrat; stable. Itnowtransriires that aleg-whs ' troubling- him, and' this viow of. the' thinft ia' thoroughly .borne out by. iho fuel of his breaking, down in tho Caulfield : Grand National Steeplo chase on Saturday last. Tlio lameness- is of shch a natuio that I aueation his.cvcr.again arv pcarlngon thoturfi i Last. week I mentioned that it would bcoomo . n'ecessary to destroy thostceplochasq horsoJBma laya, which was done on Saturday last. ,1'hiB' is) al groat lossto Mr. Webb, also a loss to tho'' stceplechaso ranks of tho'colony. Tho public, too, Jbso a recognised. favorito, and all musttogrettho ?early demise of so grand a horse.' A. woll known' Indian buyer offered 100 guinftas for him just prior to tho late Flemington Grand National .Mooting, with the intention of running him for the Grand National and then transferring, him to India. It is, theroforo, Mr. Baldock's . good luck that' caused tho'oflel- to bo declined: and Mr. Webb's misfortune that he sot a higher, v/iluo on his. liarso, In England it used to be said that it took, two years tb:makoftntecplochaso horso, and 'in * .Home iiiBtanccs it'was* threo or fouri'oiira beforo ?thoy become reliiible.over a country, and wo havo instances hero whero horses havo improved to Buch an extent that they havo, from being ,moJoiatocattlo nnder 9 st. 10 lb:, ibooomo very.' dangerous horsoaat 12 st. 101b.. HimalRj-a in ! this will boar mo out, .for in September; 1S78, at Konsington Park, with Ost.10 lb., ho coulAonly ? :gct second to Trump, 8 at; 121b. In tho. sue-. cecdinR October ho ran at tho Victoria Amateur ;Turf Club Mooting, oarrying 0 st. 12 lb., and w«3 nowhero to snob, horses as Counter Jumper, lOst. 10 lb. ; KingIIarold,10st.41b.,&c.; OnBoxing day ho again ran'atWilliaiusto-,vn,carrying.lOst. t) lb., whereho was victorious, boating Renown, ' Selector and Opposition, and this I expect was his maiden win. In January, 1879, ho tried his hand at Geelong, but withi 10 at. (i lb. was no wlicro to Sarohttlon, 10 st. 10 lb., and Red Iron, 10 Bt. His next appearance was at Kynoton; in March, whore Orr, who had previously been his ?pilot, resigned to Corrigan, 10 at. 8 lb.,. whon ha beat a miserable field. His name wus then ab sent for soroo timo from tho cross-country list, :until April, 1880, whon I find him again at Caul field, undor 10 st. .4 lb., running second to Quamby, with Collingwood, 9st. 101b., third. Ilia ? first great victory was in ' tho following- Novem- ber, and hero we find liim at FJomington carry ing 9 st. 12 lb., and leaving the paddock at 8 to 1 / ofTorcdi Ho won very easily, second to him being that model of a cross-country horse, Simpleton,, carrying tho fearful burden of 13 at. 21b.; about whom 5 to 4 was taken like water, if that term will bo received as explanatory of tho way tho money was pat on him. Although tho stako ? «tas a rich ono tho stable did' not win much money in bots over tho1 victory' of Himalaya' owing to a' singular circum Btanco. Batty was to havo ridden him,, which, accident prevented, anddiroy — poorCarty, who. got killed at tho Hobart meeting last February — got the mount: and this, c'ouplod with the fact - that Himalaya had shown a great disinclination tb tako his foncos tho weak previously, made his atablo cautious in their investments, which they ' ilimitoJto a smallsum. On New Year's day, 1880, tho greys -again mot over tho 6aine course, . ? Himalaya being. Taisod 21 lb., which brought Klin 'to 11 st. 5 lb., whilo his gallant opponent, Simple ton, again- had 13 Bt. 2 lb.,- their order at tho' ifinish being as before, with- Great Western, 9 st. 12 lb., third. At tho timo his stablo loudly pro tested against the increase oE 21 lb,, but tho ?handicappor proved that ho had notovoresH ; mated his capacity. In thoMarch following he was taken tb Adclaido tb run at tho Great Northern Meoting, which raco ho easily appropriated, although weighted at 13 st.,: and it was in this raco that Sussox, 18 st. 101b., took off too far from a fonco, on which ho landod, cutting his stifles frightfully, an injury it took montliB to ro- 4-.U1. All V^^bUUUl, 1UU1, ' UllUA'lUbUU MOiS'lU JtUB pital, tho heavy weights ho had earried- against Himalaya having told it3 talo.i and it becamo Himalaya's turn to bear tho accumulative . fruits of victory, 13 st.5 lb; boing hia portion, hisposU lion nil tlio race being third toPrima Donna, 9 st. ? 3 IK, andTrurapotbr, 12 st. 101b. In January lust ho ajaiu ran at Flomingtbn, carrying 13'Bt. 4 lb,, and was second to Lucy, 9st. 13 lb. Lastly, ho started in; tho Flemington Grand Notional Steoplocbajo last .month' with 12 st. 131b. on his back; whori ho fell at tho fenco just past tho sheds,- this being his firsl;fall throughout his career, and it was then that he received injuries to his hock which caused his death. Mr. Savillo arrived from Adelaide on Monday morning, bringing with him Savanftkn, Tho Assyr ian, Footstep,: Xho Hebrow, First' Wator, Ddlusion, Frbmothcus and Laplander, all of which landed in excellent' order: This may bo' looked upon as Iho advanced guard of' the main body to.bo ex pectod a tittlo later on, and It will not lio long before tho- Btablea of Flemington and Caulfield. onco more teom with'blood horsfls. Snndonon, .the rider of Morryraaid in- tho Handicap Hurdlo Raco at Caulfiold, got disquali fied from riding for twolvo months for continuing in tho rice a(t«r having run round n flight of hurdles.- Although ? ho nad beon for years in : racing stables.iand hail' graduated- in a trainings slablo in'Yorkahiro; Kngland, ho professed not to know that it ! was ' nbcossary to turn' bilck on missing a' loap. This waB too muoh for. tho stqrfar;ls, who gave mm twelvoniontus to loatn' tho rules which govern riding.' Mr. Schollich; tho rider oE Kdith, who came in first for Iho Australian Amateur CbKllongo (htp, admitted haviiiE runinsldo ono oE tho red lioge, but did not know tho course ; thus tho mare only ' was declared distancodj and Glowlight, tho . Second horse; got tho stake. In }ho Soiling-. Stiike at CanlfiohV Tho' Ghost jrari -ill winkers.: Whothor ho performs inbrb honestly in thorn than without thorn I do not pro tend to say. Yet ho wonhia raoo wlthg roat case, i Wilson, tho ridor of Bro'ezo. gavo tho starter conaiilorablo trouble, and would not coma baokto his horses. Mr. Watson roportod him, nnd tho stowants scoing that it was :an aggravated caso fined him £10. All tho ridors' in tlio Amateur Flat Race werb reported for bein'g'thrcq minutes Jato at tho post, but hs' it transpWed' Uiat tho fault wus not duo tb thorn no fines wero imposed, i Tho rcmaindor'ot'Mr. Do Mostro'a hones, com prising Navigator, Gadan and ;Sweot -William, havo reached RandWicK. ? | A most oxtraordinary thing occurrod at n meot iof tho Ballarat hounds tho week Uofprb last., It appears that during ' Uib indisposition' of tho iMastor, Mr. A. S. Chirnsido,' Mr. J. Ruisellwas (deputed to represent him,' Tho hounds met and two or three unruly ones got turongh-a-fe'neo into la paddock and mado' for somo- Bhtep— ono n particular boinc more unfiily than thd r«st-»upt)ri--' which' a* E«irUeiann. who: ba^penod -td.otoapy a-'Boat on tliS' committee, secUrcil ? tlio' lorHkin' boodd'1 rtnd' i out Ilia tliroat I \vitlilai(eril£niCcyaiKliht8HTithouttakittgt.liolcon aortt bC'tlie ? r*ro Una *r«ster.: Mtv OhimBidi/. whbrt- hb'httaWlJo£Jit;.'Wlis'-rfatoriilly'mosll indig-^ naiti'arid,'- iji 'Teply to.nifl' -6bje!!tions, received ji mobt oUrimK) letter, ? instigated 'by tho aggressive ; codimittee man 'and' wrlttoh'bj« another of ;thei boSyvin'whloU, b'yivirtue-'of'!tteir olBcej and by: tfi» sutiscriptioris:5TraraBt«ed'. toi'Mnl Chiimside, tliiy'blalm aright' to -butober- hounds whonover thiy1 think1 proper) - JBiOCwaaimadeupix) assist, in I (tofruying tho oxponses of tho-paok, and! on this' certain ? of -tbo committee asButoo thlit thtynro entitled: to ' destroy and nlaughter Mr. Cliirnsldo'S Hounds. I should'lilso to know what ,thb lhto' Sir RiohKrd; Suttbri,: Awhoton Smith or anly other Maxtor would havo said had any mom berof hia', guarantee 'corairiittoo had the audacity toleut thothrbitt'ofone of his hounds because ho ran riot— and hounds 'dd thosothings'at home. I ' am afraid tho hunting fiold in' tho future would not'be'the'Elyalum to him ho once rembmboVed, 'arid that hia place at tho meob would know ?him no more. Tlio icommittoe, if.lhoy do not iknow it, Bhoiild' l)o' told thatthcir duties aro those of finance, and do not extend to tlio hunt ing fibld, whoro the MaBter is supremo. 'Let us'hopo by this timo tho committeCBOo thoir eitror and will 'mako tho amende honnmbhj in ?which case no doubt Mr. Chirnaidol will i tako a lenient vibw of this impulsive act. As it statids tho hounds will rnboD no moro until ttho rrtattdr is; adjusted, and every true sportenian will back tbo! Master in the stand ho has taken. 1 A very ploasant afternoori'B spoft ia oxpcctcdl to-day at Klatornwick, whero several well known! trbtters will take part. Tho course, is now inl ?vdry good 'order.' The Queensland horse Proctor haq exhibited' iyinptoma o£ Inmeaoss since ho bus beon at Rand-, wick. Later bulletins say ho is bbtter than ho! ,w»s.- Only. £15: for tlio hurdlo racohbrso King of Trumps I Yot that was all he realised tho other day in Adclaido. I'rom tho same soilrco I find tint anl extra-' ordinary meeting of .tho Tasinanian Turf ' Olub i was held last week, when it was decided to Hold! tlfc Summer Meeting on the 14th and 1.1th Hob- j vuary. A good wotking committee was ap pointed to' manage the affairs of tho club; andl the advisability of adopting the Victorian, rules, , and tho appointment oE a local liandfcapjjcr, , wero discussed and decided upon. It is necessary to apprise owners and trainers! having horses in the V.A.T.C. Great' Foal i Stakes I and Guinoaa, to bo run in October next at Ciiul-.' fiold, that unloss thoy withdraw from thbso stakes and declare forfeit by Friday, 1st Sep tember, thcybecomei liable for tha forfeit of 5 sovs. Tho Sydney and Adblaide sporting papers would oblige their clients by reminding them of tho same. As the finanoial yoarof the V. A.T.C. olosos with the present month, those gentlemen who aro do sirous. of joining the club 'should :scnd in their names to tho secretary: We understand that a largo'numbor are down for ballot at tho next meeting of committee. Nigh'shado; by Kelpie from Flora M'Ivortl by New Warrior, tho property of tho Auckland Stud Company, died ' suddenly, from rupture of tho heart tho other day. ? Mr. Robert' Sattoti, a gentleman who has tic como well .known' in sporting circles in South Australia; in tho- profession of bookmaker on homo principles,. arrived hero last week. Mr. Gcorgo VowIcb haa boon app'ointe'd'to han dicap for tho Melbourno'Hunt Club Meeting; i Alargonumber of tho.ring left for Sydnoy on Monday, to bo present at Iho Hawkcsbnry and Jlotropolitan meetings. From tho Tasmamait if ail I learn that great improvements' aro going ori at tho racecourse at 'lihviclc ^ ? 