" UNDER THE EARTH." (Philippians ii., 8, 9, 10.) BY PEUTETRE. [The pagan belief in Hades a help to Chris- tian faith—Virgil's theology : Æneas and the Sybil—Great Homer's dogmatics ; Ulysses and Tiresias—Moses ignoring Sheol—Prince Korah's and his 250 colonels and captains' descent into a " pit"—The subterranean ideas of the three kings, Saul, David, and Solomon—St. Paul's Popish error, which, by inspiration, he palmed off on the Philippians—Do you mean Pur- gatory ?] IT is, then, beyond dispute that, from their most remote antiquity down to and after the coming of Christ, the Egyptians believed in the existence of a vast underground region, extended in the heart of the earth, into which the souls of all who died went down and therein abode. From the fragments of their religious literature which remain to us, and especially of Manetho's writings when he was high priest of Syone in Upper Egypt, 250 years before the Christian era, and from their monumental and sepulchral records, it is historically proved that the existence of this subterranean region was an undoubted and a cherished article of the Egyptian faith. And it is equally proved that the existence of this subterranean world within our world was also believed by the Carthaginians, Phœnicians, Assyrians, and Hindoos. These latter believed, further, that the centre of this underground region was occupied by a great octagonal-shaped city which had eight gates, through which the souls, as they came down, were admitted and classed according to the goodness of their character. The pagan Romans, from the Building of the City by Romulus, to the time of THE POET VIRGIL, in the time of Augustus the Emperor, in whose reign our Saviour was born, all pagan Romans for these 750 years believed con- cerning the underground spirit land as the Assyrians and Egyptians believed. The 6th Æneid of Virgil is nothing so much as a poetic description of this subterranean region, down into which Æneas has persuaded the Cumæan Sybil to conduct him. Virgil, in the 6th Book of the Æneid, is only telling us what was the faith of his pagan Roman fellow-countrymen about the infernal, that is, the lower world, where the departed souls lived. The Sybil leads Æneas into the dense, dark wood of Avernus. There she seeks for the golden branch on the sacred oak, cuts it, and, waving it before them, she brings Æneas into the cavern, from which a narrow path down through the earth opens into the spirit world below. Fancilis descensus, says Virgil, that is, because they carry the magical golden branch. Then they come out at last into the Elysian fields, and get also a sight of Tartarus. Æneas sees Queen Dido's soul, but she avoids him. Then he converses with the soul of his father, Anchises, who foretells to his adven- turous son the future glory of the Latian- Roman people. Milton, in his Paradise Lost, may have had some inkling of this interview between Æneas and Anchises in his mind's eye when he represents the angel foreshowing to Adam the troubled destiny of the fallen human race. Then, 1000 years before Virgil, we have INGENS HOMERUS, the mighty Homer, giving us, in " immortal verse," the creed of the Greeks about " the Shades below," the Hades, the dim, dark dwelling- place of the souls dismissed from the body. In every book of the Iliad there is some reference to this far-below region. In the 2nd book of the Odessy (see line 50 et ins), Homer, in his grand old Scian song, unfolds to us the scroll on which was inscribed the faith of Hellas and its Greek dependencies concerning Greek souls de- parted from the body. Ulysses goes to the enchanted cave of Tiresias. Tiresias con- ducts Ulysses down through gloomy wind- ings, until at last they both emerge into the spirit plains below. As soon as the spirits behold Ulysses they come crowding round him. Why should they not ? they are the souls of all his former friends and companions in arms who had been killed in the ten years' siege of Troy. The spirits press in so rudely on Ulysses that he is obliged to draw his sword and point it at them to drive them back. Both Homer and Virgil are expounders of the popular pagan Greek and pagan Roman creed about the subterranean world to which souls were consigned. Were they all totally wrong in this belief ? Certainly not. The main fact was absolutely true. Their creed about " The Infernal Regions" only required to be rectified in regard to details ; and when the apostles of Christ came among these pagan Greeks and pagan Romans, and began to teach them the apos- tolic creed, the pagans must have felt a great satisfaction when they found that they believed rightly about Hades, or the under- ground world, for they were taught concern- ing Christ, who was crucified for them, that His soul " descended into" that underground place of detention, and that His soul was not left there. No Greek or Roman pagan was ever required to repudiate his old belief in Hades. The 12 apostles who were sent to make disciples of all nations, believed in the subterranean world of departed souls as firmly as any pagan, but far more correctly. The 12 apostles, as Jews, were brought up in the right belief about Sheol or Hades. St. Stephen, the first martyr, and the 3000 who were converted by St. Peter's Pentecostal Sermon (Acts ii.), had all been educated in the belief of a Sheol or Hades, or Hell, and all brought this belief with them into the Christian Church, where it abides to this day, for all Christians believe that Christ went down into it. Sheol, Hades, Hell, are one and the same place, the underground receptacle of departed souls. Our English word " hell" is from the German hollé, a hollow, an excavation ; and as such a hollow, arched or roofed overhead, is dark hollé means also " A dark place." This is the meaning of our English " hell," corresponding to the Greek Hades, and the Hebrew Sheol, a dark, hollowed out place. Hell is the general name of the whole underground space set apart by Almighty God for the temporary detention of souls ; but as it is the locality known also as Hades and Sheol, it is, of course, divided into two parts, one for the detention of righteous souls, and another for the wicked, as spoken of by our Lord in Luke xvi., where he represents Lazarus as being with the holy patriarch Abraham in that part of Hell called Paradise, and the rich man in a very different place, where he suffers torment ; and these two places were divided by " a gulf." Hell, thus divided, was an indispensable portion of the machinery of our salvation ; the mercy of God being manifested by the one, and the burning holiness or justice of God in the other. It was prepared for the descent of Christ into it, and was therefore an integral portion of the gospel dispensation. HADES INSTEAD OF HELL. Supposing that the word " hell" were obliterated from the English language as a theological phrase, and the term " Hades" adopted in lieu of it, what should we be the better in any direction ? Nothing. The place would remain all the same. There would be the two separate departments still, and the great gulf— —between them. There would be the sanctifying grace of God in the one, and the fires of remorse and the flame of God's anger in the other. No difference would be made in the nature of the place by the mere change of name. Why, then, need we trouble our hearts about altering the name. Only let us clearly understand where the place is, what it is, and what it is for, and then we may speak of it by any name—Sheol, or Hell, or Hades— without risk of confusing our apprehensions of it. SHEOL AS " THE GRAVE." It is well that we should consider the origin and the object of this underground place of souls, because many exegetic lec- turers have contended that in scripture the Hebrew Sheol means " the grave," or " pit," in which dead bodies are with us most usually interred. Sheol, in its primary sense, is never so used with ortho- epic correctness. In a secondary and figurative sense it may be applied to the grave. In the west of England there is in many farm houses a cavity often left in the wall under the seat of the kitchen window. Into this cavity, or hollow, or hole, are thrown old brushes or other articles, and it is called the hell, or small dark recess, under the seat of the kitchen window. But will anyone venture to assert that this small dark hole in a Wiltshire cottage wall is the only " hell" ever heard of ? No ; it is a name borrowed from a far more dark and gloomy region down in the bowels of the earth. A grave is associated with dark and dreary and sorrowful ideas, which cloud or darken life and joy. Sheol is dark and dismal, and from it we take a similitude and apply it to the grave. The grave is a type ; Sheol is the ante-type. In Psalms lxxxvi. 13, authorised version, David is made by the translators to give God thanks for having " delivered his life from the lowest hell ;" and the word " Sheol," translated as " the lowest hell," is given in the margin as " the grave."' I suppose the " life," that is, " the soul," is very seldom buried in a grave. The Jews often spoke, no doubt, of their graves as little Sheols ; but then it was the great Sheol, far down under their feet, which furnished them with the comparison. The great Sheol existed before the small Sheols. 250 APOSTATES. Revert for a moment with me, O esteemed reader, to that case of Korah, Dathan, and the 250 " princes of the people" who rose up against Moses in the Wilderness, and demanded that he should lead them back into Egypt. They had been trouble- some before this last, and to them fatal, insurrection. If the 250 were " princes of the people," each of them would be a captain over 100 men. They would have then a factious following of at least 25,000 mur- murers. If this number be doubled, and the discontented Israelites be reckoned at 50,000, it would be a formidable army of conspirators against Moses and Aaron ; and a large pro- portion of them would have wives and children, who could raise a dangerous com- motion in the camp. But of what religion were these ? Were they Jews in creed ? Not at all. They had fallen away from the patriarchal religion of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. They had become idolaters in Egypt. They had apostatised from the true Church and taken to the worship of the god Osiris, whom the Egyptians adored in the form of a bull. They also adored the god Apis, the dog or jackal-headed deity, and Isis, and other Egyptian idol gods. As Egyptian pagans they were accustomed to a very gorgeous ritual, with incense and processions, and festival days and large and noble temples. The hope of a speedy settlement in the land of Canaan, which was only a fort- night or three weeks' march from Ramosos, induced them to march out of Egypt along with the rest of the Hebrew tribes. But, when they found that they were to make a long and circuitous journey of many months through a sandy wilderness they rose up in open rebellion against their leader and re- fused to go any further under his command, and threatened his life unless he turned back to Goshen. But Korah and his idolatrous companions, as worshippers of Serapis and all the other Egyptian false gods, believed in Sheol just as much as Moses himself, or as Aaron and the Levites. No such insane notion could ever come into the head of Moses as that of attempting to wipe the idea of Sheol out of any of their minds and weaken it in their memories. If it had been wrong and detrimental to the morals of the Israel- ites, God would have given express instruc- tions against believing too much in Sheol, or Hades, or Hell. The law against idols and false gods was positive and peremptory. If the belief in Sheol was hurtful, or fostered sensuslity, God would have issued His pro- hibition against the excessive and demoralis- ing belief in the doctrine. But God didn't. Therefore the belief in Sheol was not detri- mental, and was held by divine sanction. And God very soon gave both the obedient and the disobedient Israelites a tremendous proof of the existence of the subterranean Sheol—Hades. He explained or revealed to Moses what He would do with Korah, Dathan, and the 250 colonels, or princes, of the people. He would command the angels to rend the ground open under the insolent rebels' feet and let them drop down headlong into the fire-Hades, the fire Hell. God did not give them the oppor- tunity to go home to their tents, and take sick, and die in their beds, and permit their bodies to be deposited in graves, and then consign their souls to the fire-Sheol. No ; He will do a new and a fearful thing with Prince Korah and his 250 princely adherents. He will plunge them, body and soul together, as they stand there clamouring, down alive into the fire-Sheol. After such a proof as God thus gave of the underground world, few Israelites, I think, would ever waste much of their time in doubting its existence ; and the proof God gave of it does not appear to me much calculated to encourage the Israel- ites in a licentious course of life. KING SAUL'S WISH. Let us also glance back at the request of King Saul to the Witch of Endor. Observe what he says to her : " Bring me up Samuel" (1 Sam. xxviii. 11). Now, this request proves that King Saul believed in Sheol, the under- ground resting-place of souls. Saul knew where the soul of Samuel was. Not up on high in heaven ; but down in Hades beneath the King's feet. This night visit of Saul to the Witch took place 500 years after Korah had been swallowed down, and shows that the belief in Hades still subsisted ; and as Saul believed, so his subjects believed. KING DAVID'S BELIEF. in Sheol may be traced in 50 places in the Psalms ; but it is enough to mention without quoting what every reader of the Scrip- tures is aware of. King Solomon is as frequent as his father David in allusion to the Sheol world. Isaias, Jeremias, and other prophets, are familiar with the mysteries of the underground prison-house of souls. In short, the Old Testament is pervaded by the doctrine of an intermediate state, Sheol, or Hades, and this constant, reference to it suggests the question, " Why was this state or underground locality created by Almighty God ?" I think, O esteemed reader, that we may find the answer in the TE DEUM, that hymn of praise composed by St. Am- brose 1500 years ago, in which he sings, " Te devicto mortis acuto : speruisti regna caœlorum !" Here St. Ambrose seems to say that, when Adam sinned, the gates of heaven were shut against sinning off- spring of, and were never opened until, by dying, Christ overcame him who had the power of death, loosed all the holy souls whom Satan held in captivity, and opened the closed gates of heaven to those whom he had delivered. For 4000 years no soul could enter heaven ; they were detained in Hades, waiting for their redemption. As soon as their ransom was paid, Christ hastened to announce the good tidings to those who were in bondage, that is, , as St. Peter calls it 20 years after the day of Pentecost, Hades, or Sheol, has therefore played an important part in the divine plan of evan- gelical restoration by Christ. Nor is its mission yet accomplished, as we learn from ST. PAUL'S EPISTLE to his Jewish and pagan Greek converts at Philippi. In the 2nd chapter of his epistle to these Philippians, and through them to us, the apostle asserts that as the angels in heaven, and all Christians on earth, so the souls in the subterranian region, or Hades, have stated times and forms of worship in which they adore the most sacred name of Jesus, and the apostle intimates by this reference to the worship of the angels in heaven that, as it constitutes the chief joy of the celestial hosts, so the worship of Jesus is a joy of the purest kind to these hold souls in their underground place of detention. The passage in Chapter ii. speaks of the sufferings of Christ and the glorious reward those sufferings merited. " Our Lord Jesus Christ humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the Cross. Wherefore, God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name : That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things on earth, and things under the earth: ! ! ! (verses 8, 9, 10, A V.). Let it be noted with what emphatic precision St. Paul here marks off these three classes of worship- pers—1st, angels in heaven ; 2nd, Christians on earth ; 3rd, souls under the earth. The apostle uses a peculiar for of speech. He does not say angels, nor Christians, nor souls. He says " the knees" of things in heaven, and the knees of things on earth, and the knees of things under the earth. He uses the grammatical figure of speech called synecdoche, which puts a part for the whole, as when we speak of anyone as an " Old hand." In thus speaking we put the hand for the whole body. And so, when St. Paul speaks of " knees," he means those beings which have knees to bow. The knees, then, under the earth are the spirits or souls who loved Christ in their lifetime on the surface of the earth, and now continue to love and adore Him down in Hades. Is not this passage, then, of St. Paul a direct scriptural proof of the existence of that underground place of temporary seclusion from the bright world above where the throne of God is, and the sight of God is a sunshine of eternal bliss ? This passage of holy scripture is an undeniable assertion of the subterranean intermediate state, which is not the celestial angel land on high, nor the place of punish- ment which we speak of as Gehenna, the fire Hell ; but the Paradise to which Christ's soul descended when it left the body on the Cross. It may be called Abraham's Bosom, Sheol, or the , the prison, but St. Paul proves that it existed in his time under the gospel dispensation ; and its existence further proves that all souls do not go direct to heaven immediately after death, but descend, go down, and remain in an under- ground receptacle, where they solemnise divine worship and adore Christ, and are sanctified and prepared for a brighter and happier place. Now, if you, O esteemed reader, are a Protestant, you will begin to sniff the air and feel uncomfortable, and at last exclaim and protest that I am doing nothing else than paving the way to purga- tory. Well, and supposing I am, will you explain to me what St. Paul means when he tells us of souls that are " under the earth." What were they sent there for ? Who sent them down there ? What is the real, true Protetant name of the place where they were so far below " under the earth ?" And why did the Holy Ghost move St. Paul to tell us there was such a place with souls in it bowing at the name of Jesus ? Sept. 26, 1882. 