SECOND DAY. Tbe first cricket match played on Australian sou by tfce Hon. lvo Bligh's team of iiaglish cricketers lias been brought to a close. Un fortunately, owirg to circumstances over which tberv was no control, the contest can not be regarded as one likely to give unmixed satisfaction. The Englishmen did sot land after a long sea voyage until Friday morning and were called upon to enter on a match. o£ some importance after about half an hoar's practice- Then the first day's cricket was marred by the fact that the wicket was not up to the mark and that rain fell somewhat heavily in the afternoon and put a stop to the play. However, what has been seen is sufficient to show that the All-England iileven arc powerful at all points of the game, and when they recover the form they have temporarily lost they will be formidable opponents for the best team -which can be Sot together to try conclusions with them in Australia. When stumps were drawn on Friday the Englishmen had scored 66 with & loss of six wickets. On (Saturday the weather ?was beautifully fine, and it was hoped that the wicket would be found to be in good condi tion. Happily this turned out to be the case, *s the pitch played well throughout, a bumpy ball alone now and then testifying to the fact that it was not perfect. At an early hoar people began to arrive on the ground, and -IuriDg the afternoon there could not have fceen less than 6,000 persons pre sent. Tfi-3 Excellency ike Governor, with Miss Jervois, was present soon after the play commenced, and remained an interested observer of the proceedings during the major portion of the af ternooo. The re maining wickets of the eleven yielded 87 runs. Barnes played a vigorous innings for 42, and promises to give alotof trouble during the tour, ?rylecote'fl performance was attended by a large amount of luck, as he ought to have been disposed of more than once before Ms retire ancnt was finally brought about. The South Australian fielding as a whole was not good, and was not to be compared with the work done by the men on the previous day. Jarvis did some splendid work at the wicket, the ease with which he took the last leg balls sent in by Jones being the object of much admiration. King was smart at point, and similar remarks will apply to Slight at mid-off and to Gooden -at slip. As the South Australian fifteen had only seven wickets down for over 120 runs when stumps -were drawn it is but fair to be lieve that they would have beaten their opponents in the first innings. Noel was in for a long time for Ms score, and seemed to be thoroughly well eet, when he allowed what appeared to be a somewhat weak ball to upset his equilibrium. His performance is deserv ing1 of all praise. He went in first and from the commencement played with a confidence that cannot he too highly commended. Some of his hits were exceedingly fine and his de fence at all TKtints was good. Giffen's innings showed that this young player has rapidly come to the front as one of our best batsmen. His hits, especially to the off, were particularly line, and as this was his advent in a big match he was loudly applauded throughout his innings, and when he retired. Our visitors speak of him in high terms, and say that when he gets out of play ing with a slightly rounded bat he will be his brother's superior with the willow, and it may be remarked en passant, that the members of the English team all testify to the good cricket shown by George Giffen at home, and . say that he has left a good name behind him in England. Walter Giften is too slow at running between the wickets, and requires ?waking up on this point, as several runs were lost on Saturday. Slight was rather stiff, but hit well to the off. Waldron was very pokey in his style of play at starting, but he took advantage cf all loose balls, and hit out at them merrily. The English fielding was taken altogether gocd, and when the members of the team have played together for a short time they will do smart work in this department of the game. No less than six bowlers were tried. Steel, who is known as the best amateur bowler of the day, was not successful in getting wickets, and indeed got punished somewhat severely on two or three occasions. Morley was in fine form, and i£ he had had Friday's wiefcefc to operate upon would have trundled with deadly effect. The fast balls of Barnes were treated with respect, while Barlow also sent down a number of balls with which nothing could be done. Bates did not come off, but G. T. Studd ?with Lis slows was successful. It may be mentioned that the umpires throughout tlie match were Messrs. P. Sansom and J. E. -2©cdfellow, and that the gentlemen who undertook the duties of scorers were Messrs. C. S. Hobbs and J. Johnston. Appended are full particulars of the game :— THE PLAY. At about ten lnisutes past twelve o'clock, the fif teen took up their positions in the field, Barnes and Tylecote the not-out men of the previous day goino to the wicfctt3. Jcnes went on bowling at the jicrth*nd.andTy]ecotegothis;thjr-IbaHnicelya-ivayin tbe slips lor a biace. tJarnea hit Quilty hard to the off for a tingle, Wa'dron f anibliiig the bal'. Toe rest cf the over»as fruitless. Jones sent down a maiden to liaines, and then Tylecote hit Quilty hard to tte eft' far ;i singla, Barnes following tlus up by getting Lira away hiih up to siaare ltg for a couple. Jones seat down hi-, atof b-1 umif.'m, and Barnes hit Quilty to the off, a single resultUip, slight throwing in rather widely. Then Tjlecotegot the same bonier away fcu leg for 1\. lhe Etxt e-ent iva$ a hit to the off by iUmss foraMflEsK?, and Tyiecnta almost had a !if? in stsj-- j piisg ont'io Quiity. liaxaas hit Joaot tu le? to the chains amidst clieera, but T-lecote was aiialile to fct't Qoiliy av-ey. and a maiden re^sltdd. Barnfl.-i Lit Sunn* to leg for a -ijccle, and Tylecnte followed KUit. Ij-Jccote bit Quilty iag-i up to square leg, and lictten failing, the ball went tUroajxh the ciuii-ia— SO np. After a maiden from Jonen, XJovan real uw-i Qnilry, asd sc-i-t lioven a maiden. Barnes got a fiukf single to leg off 3ones, aad received au over from Beian without scoring. Three maidens haviug bees recorded Barnes hit Bevaa nicely to leg through the chains, aiul 90 went tip. The play now becauw EomfcVfhat slovf, the bowlers being treited with con sideiablerespect. Banissput oue upnearthe wickets, but there was no one near enough to negotiite fclis catch, anil in Sevan's Best over Tylecote drove «ne haid into Botten's hands at mid-on, bat the chance vasT«fu£cd. Bide now went on from the north, and in place of Jones, and had a maiden credited to him. .Barnes bit Bevan to the off for a brace, and another cime for an overthrow. Thtn Tjlecote got a smart- le? cut tor three, sntl the centarv was posted amidst cUaar ing. A single 'or two to each batsmen followed, uiu Tylecote -irove one of iJevanu slows grandiv aUras tljs carpet lor a trio. 1 he next, event of note'wEs a high off irituyTylesote for £ off E ide. Til lucK sefciu-*l to attend lievan, f jr TvlecotefctJitabaato long «jtf ngat into Waldron's hinds, and the fieldsman droniitd it lise a hot potato, amidst the groans of the spectato-s— 110 up. Tvlecote got properly on to a slow from Hide, Retting it avrav hard to the olf for 3. The deVdiog at ibis period, it may be reinaried, was not at alt J.ril&ait;, and compared very unfavorably with that t3oue --n the previous day. Anotaerchans^of dis j.-csii-s of TyJtctite wssiiot availed of. She bitsm tn ttartedaTHn, which Barnes refn«-d, an! hid Quilty not fumbled the ball a run out would ina.ll probabi lity have betn recoided. lievan was \reU on tiie t-ljot, and troubling the batsmau considerably. Hide vas lepl^cijd by Waluron, whose tirst ball was tut very hard by Tjlecote for tlivee. Ilide them relieved Bsvan at the south end and Uandlod a maiden. The 120 was brought up by s-iow Oegr^e^, the play being some v.'hat monotonous, but this wis at last bioken by Tylecoto gtttin^ Waldron niisaljr av aj to t quare legthrough 11 ui chains and bitting Sidd to ILe en for a brace, tkiinci cut Wahiros for a HBgle, KniUs's fine fielding saving any farther luiiS. A trace to Tyleccte ai:d a single brought 133 on the beard, and shortly afterwards ijuilty resumed bowlii;g at the umth end vice Hide, sealing down a n-aitlen. Another change In the bowling wa^ deemed desi'able, aud Kobl took the ball from WaitlrcD, who had not been doiog much. Oil' ids second ball Barnes was very sinar ly rau£ht at the wickets. 7—^12 — 135 was tbe lesult. There was bow an adjournment for luncheon, and at a quarter past -2 o'clock lylecote and Leslie took their place* at the wickets. Leslie took the remainder of Noel's over wiJiout scoring. Tyleccte gave Jones a hot ono at inid-on off Qahty, and afterwards drove the same bo wlerprettily to tha off for 4, following this with a single to the off— i.40 ap. Tyleeote played somewhat steakily to Noel, and then Leslie broke his duck by a single, -Siigiit fielding well- Tjlecote got another nice off drive to the chains, and each batsman su.de a sidgle off Noel. Leslie was not to be denied, and a very pretty brace for a square-leg hit viaa recorded in hi3 favor. Tvlecote's time was now come, aj in running out to QisiUy he drove the bill high up, anil Giffen correctly judging tue catch disposed of farther active service on his part. S— 59 — 140. Veraon joined Leslie, andgt-tii, flukjr single. Vernonhau to call en the assistance of a runner. After a fe at ixn3 bail fceen added, Leslie was beateu by Noel with a. low tept ball, and the telegraph showed. 9— £—152. Morley was the last wan, and ho sig isalifed his advent by driving Keel to the oft' for a sirgte. His end, however, n-as soon to come, aad in-5l|ilt-*suestoverho'»vas cieau bowled. All out lor its. The wicket havicg beeu veil rolled, the Eleven took the field, the following befcg the posi tions :— Steel, bowler; Tylecote, wickets; JJarae3, slip; Barlow, point; C 3'. Studi, cover point; Ternon. mid- en; G. B. Stui'ul. exwa mid-oil; Morley, mid-on : Hates. fur-vard square leg ; Leslie, lens-cn ; IJ^ad, ione-offi. Hide and Keel vi'ere the first to bat, the former taMus Etrifce to Steel at the northern end, tbe fir&t; Gver being a. maiden. Morley took fcha hiXl at the other end. IVoel drove his first ball to the on for :!, and Hide snicked the fourth for a single. Hide made a rare agricultural drive to the oi from the first bill of the next over, and Noel, byafiaelo» b/t, added & te the score amid the appiauss of the spectators. Si eel sent down a ma?d«ai to Ifoal, who was playing unite at his ease. Hide seat Morley to the off for a brace, bringing 10 up. Another maiden to Steel played by Noel. In Motley's next over Ilide Ttas caught by Let-lie at longslip. 1 — i— 11. Jarvis filled the vaonry. Koel drove Steel for 1, and Javvis did the same. Vemoa clean nsisticg lhe ball in the field. Jarvis hit Steel to the oK foT 3, tte hair going right past G. B Studd. Jarvis got another for a drive off ftXcile?, and lepeated the dose at the other end nest over, but immediately afterwards Horley bowled hiza. 2—6 — 19. Jtnill was the next mm, and opened his account bv cutting Steel for 3, bat was clean bowled by Morley uest over. 3— 3— as. Gi£en followed, and Xoelsigutlised his arrival by cutting Steel for 3, bringing the new comer opposite the Cambridge howler. Gitfen cut him twice for a brace each time, placing S9 on the* register. Moiley sent a maiden to Giffen. Noel got a single off Steel, and G. U. Studd again tailed to field, and then a yorlier very nearly bowled Giffen ; thrte runs were scored for byes. Bates re lieved Steel. Koel cut the newcomer prettily for a couple. G iffen played a maiden from Morley. After an uneventful over from Bates Giif en put iloriey to the chains fcrS— 40 np-aiid drove hiai finely for J. A n-aiden to Morley and B«tes ; another to Morley. Gificn then broke the spell by putting liates to tlie oft fcr 4, O. J-. Studd, as usual, letting the ball pass him. £ach bowler sent down a maiden ; Morley did the same. A drive to Giffen and 4 to Giffen, both off Bates, enlivened the game ; 50 up, and both men weli set. C T. Studd tooz the «al!, vies Morley. Giffen cat bis firtt ball to tiia chaias, and e^i'a batsman got a single off the same over. A maiden to Bates. A single to Giff-ta was the only result of Stndd's text over. Bates's nest was a tmaden. Boel hit Studd hard. The ball strack Giffaa's hi*,, imociiBg it out of bis hand, spijilmg tho run. Tin; game now began to get very lively, - Hffen making S in two successive hits off Bates. After several good attempts he got fairly hold of Studd, lifting the hall ovtT the bowler's head and almost to the chains— SO up. (Cheers.) Barlow relieved JSates at the south end. & single to Koel. Barnes went on to IktwI at th« north end iu place of C. T- Sliidd. Noel put his third ball up very sUcply in the direc tion cf xnid- ou, but the fieldsman made ho effiorE to take it. TbeoverivasaiBHiuen. Two single.} were scored eff Barnes. In Bailow's nest over Giffen iiiade an uppish cut, and was well taken by Bates. 4— 33— C9. The retiring batsman played brilliant cricket throughout without giving the ghost ot a chance, and he received round alter round of ap plause. Pattinan stepped to the crease. Noel took a maiden over f roiu Barnes. Pateman hegau with a cut for 3 off Barlow. Barnes .sent down a Eaideu to Keel. There was a lull in tha scoring at both ends, the monotony at last being broken by Patemen drawing Barnes for 2. Koel made a, high hit off Barnes, bat no one being near it he gut a single. Pateman at last brought SO on the board Vy & triplet off Barlow. Xoel gave & hot chance to Steel at point off Barlow, but as it was not taken he drew the bowler for a couple next ball. After a. maiden from Barnes, Koel prettily cut Barlow for 2 twice in the .same over. Kext over Pateman was caught iuthe slips by Steel off Barnes. 5—9—89. Richards was the new comer, aad played the re mainder of the over without scoring, iiai low seat a maiden to Noel, and at both ends the scoring became very slow. Koel put up a ball off Barnes in the direction of C. T. Studd, but he could not reach it. Keel then brought 80 up by a drive f it 2. Maidens bow became the order of the day at both ends. -J. T. Studd relieved Barlow. Koel opened bis shoulders to tbe lirEt hall for 2. Richards fell to the first kill of Barnes's next over. C — 1— Co. Slight went in 6i;d put OEe to leg lor 1, following this up by 3 off Studd. The Beset ball took Xod's wicket. 7—37—39. Noel's innings though rcarred by a couple of possible chances vf as woith going a long way to see, his de fence being perfect, and his hitting clean and well tuned. Waidron wis the eighth man, but neither he nor his partner seemed at home to the bowling. At last Waldron managed to send the cf-ntniy up, but this was followed by a rather feeble exhibition t-f batting. Steel relieved Buses. After a lot of slow play blight hit Studd to the off for 4. Several maiden overs followed, and tha fielding got very smart. Waldron, after being in a long time, began to open his shoulders, and knocked Steel about a good deal. He gave Vernos a possible chance, but Ins bad leg kept hua from reaching it. Waldron, now f airly warmed to his work, sent Studd into the long field for £ — 120 up. Morlty went on vice Steel. Still the score mounted, and cheers came from all parts of the ground. At five minutes to e Barlow took StndcTseiid.ajid no more runs were scored until the stumns were drawn ate o'clock. Slight had 16 (not out) to his credit, and Waldron 17 (not out). Appended are the scores :— ENGLISH ELEVEN. Captain, Mr. 15. S. Tylecote. Bailo-w, 1, c. King, b. Quilty ? 1 G.B. fctudu, 21111441112,0. Pateman, b. Qnilty ? 19 IV. W. Bead, 1112c Gooden, b. Quilty .. 5 C. T. Stndd, 2 1 i 1 11 1 1, b. Quilty „ .. 9 A. G. Steel, 2 2, b. Jones „ _ .. ..4 Bates, b. Jones ? 0 Barnes, 2421243112114141131111, c. Jarvis, b Noel_ ? 42 E. S. Tylecote.11213211143123313 213 1142114141, c. Gifteu, I). Quilty „ ..59 E. F.H.Ieslie, 1121, b. Koel ? 5 G. F. Veruoj!, 2 (not out) „ „ .. -.2 V. Morley, 1, b. Quilty ? 1 Byes. 122 ? - ~ 5 Ltg-byes .._.. — .. .. 1 Total ? 153 Bowling Analysis. Balls. Huns. Mdns. Wfcts. Bevan „ -. CO 20 8 0 Waldioii .. „ 28 11 1 0 Noel ? 20 6 3 2 Hide .. „ ? .. 1CS 26 15 O Quilty _ 144 60 12 G Jones _ _ „ 92 25 12 2 SOUTH AUSTRALIAN FIITEEN Captain, Sir. J. E. Gooden. Umpire, J. Hide, 1 1 2, c. leslie, b. Morley ? 4 J. KoeL 34111311241111124212, h. C.T. Studd ? _ 37 A. H. Jarvis, 1 3 1 1, b. Morley ? « W. Knill, 3, b. Morley ? 3 W. Giffen, 2234141411234 l,c. Bates, 1». Barlow ? „ .. 33 E. Pateman, 2 2 2 3, b. Barae3 ? 9 T. O. Bichatds. 1, h. Barnes ? „ 1 IV. Slight, 131141221, not out.- .. _ 16 A. Waldrcn, 1 1 1 1 4 1 4 1 3, not out .. .. 17 Leg-byes, 2 .. „ ? _ 2 Total for seven wickets _ .. .. ,.128 Bowling Analysis. Balls, liiuis. Mdas. Wfcts. A. G. Steel .. .. 68 38 6 0 Morley _ „ .. 76 17 12 3 Barnes .. _ ». 72 12 11 2 Bates ? 40 10 o 0 Barlow « .. .. 60 13 11 l C. T. Studd .. .. 68 30 ,.0 1 ♦ Tiutox v. Clarendon.— Played at Clarendon on Thursday. November 9, and resulted in an easy victoiy lor the visitors by an innings and 113 runs. For the winners C. Jervis made 47, P. Jervis 45, G. Brown 29, H. Wilson 27, and G, Payne 10; andH. Whitehead bowled four for 4, S. Bickard tire fore, W. Jervis four fat 6, H. Wilson one for 3, and J. Heedman four far 10. For the home team Chapman made 9 (not out), and H. Mitchell and Ii. Mornbetfc 7 each ; and Chase bowled best. Scores— Tritons, 178 ; Clarendon?, »2and £5=65. Kobmaxvimjb v. St. John's Yovso Mes.— Played on the grounds of he latter club. Score;, ; 3 and iS vcspectively. For the Xormanvilles B. ZMiudleton scored S4, K Chapman 15. and H. .Tames 9 : li jVJiddleton obtained six wictois for 15. and R. Lander three for J3. For the Young Men. J. S. Duff scoi edS; lie also bowled welL Apelaide Boot Vaciorv v. Bauiaxnah.— The membeis of the A.B.F.O.C., accompanied by a iLcmber of their fiiends. journeyed to Balhanaah in one cf Messis. Hill & Co.'s large co±cne3 on No vember 0. Balhannah was reachsd at 11 o'clock, and play was started about -noon by tha visitors taking the field. 1 ho It-cal team totalled 42 runs, 18 oi 'which viere to the credit of W. AddUoa. got by .very fail- ciufeet. An adjournment was tUen nia-Je to tbe t.oliion Cross H..}«J. w^re bisi^Ia justice was dcuo to a capsta,i spreaii prorida'l !-/ Hcstfss Peilda-r. P3ay was a«?iia startesl ivy th-j A I5.F. going to th« ?winlrefo. The Seaai manage'3 c-- pM toeetlier a ranch !are;or score than tlnir np ponens*. as only seven wicbtts had fallen f.»r lti rmis, ttiim iirue «i catted. «Jregftry nmie 2t, Kautton r.S. Eicharason 43, and MiiiaUea K. 