The unanimous verdict of the country ap pears to be that the evil from which it has so long suffered under the name of " larri- kinism" is to be now suppressed with a strong hand, and the onlyregret which the order-loving portion of the community will experience is that this determination was not arrived at many years ago. In this de cision it is evident that the press, the magistrates, the Government, and the people have fully acquiesced, and the re sult, we may anticipate, will be the intro duction of a measure during the next sitting of Parliament providing for the flogging of all offenders against persons and property, according to the recommendations given by meetings of metropolitan and Sandhurst magistrates, the punishment being made lighter for young offenders who may be led into evil by the force of bad example than for the older ruffians who have knowledge of their responsibility. We share in the general regret expressed that it should be necessary to resort to such harsh measures for restraining the mischievous propensities of our population, but the evil has of late grown to such dimensions that evidently it cannot be put down in any other way, and ye fully endorse the hope expressed by the deputation which waited on the Premier on the subject on Tuesday, that it will only bo few instances m order to effect a cure, for it may be supposed that when half- a-dozen or so of the roughs have been let loose amongst their comrades to show the severity of their punishment more respect will be shown for the law. Having arrived at this decision, however, it may be useful to inquire how the evil has gained so much headway in this and the neighboring colonies, and here we may state that the discussions on the sub ject in the press do not seem to have got to the root of the matter, Some writers have ascribed it to the insufficient exercise of home influence and control by parents, others to the lack of education and religious training ; the climate is made responsible in the fact that our youths are tempted by it to out-door exercises, and so get into bad company and consequent misohief, and a Sydney paper the other day went so far as to say that larrikinism is caused actually by the prosperity of the colonies, the youths having more leisure and more money to spend than they should have. These may be, and probably are, contributing . causes, but are made so by reason of other conditions which should not exist. We think that the main reason which fosiered the hot-bed of crime in the "Kelly coun try" may fairly be held responsible for the growth of larrikinism, and that is the un wise, economy of the Government in not providing sufficient police force to keep order and prevent crime. The old saying that " a policeman is never to be found when one is wanted" has a great deal of truth in it, whether applied to Melbourne and the large towns of the colony or to the country districts, and on account of their insufficient number constables have now to be mainly employed in seeking out and arresting of fenders instead of in preventing crime. Time was when the police were regarded as divided into two branches, the one being " preventive" of crime and the other de tective," and the ordinary constable was spoken of as " the guardian of the peace." Now, however, the street patrol is as much a detective as if he were classified in the other branch, he has very little oppor tunity of preventing crime or of pre serving the. peace, and gives the whole qf his energy to " working up" sensational cases which will give ms name prominence in the cause lists of the courts or the cri minal ropprds. The result is seen in an in crease in the number of assaults on persons and on property. Probably with an insuffi cient preventive force other countries would develope ruffianism quite as bad, and per haps worse than, our own. An illustration of this may be given in respect to Italy, which country had some few years ago a similar evil to complain of ; bqt fhe re medy adopted was to increase the number of the police, and since that time crime qf all kinds lias decreased to such an extent that it is now proposed to reduce tho pre ventive or protective force, and it may be taken for granted that ruffianism and crime will again increase in that country in exact proportion to the number of police with drawn from service. There is also an un mistakable sign that the protection afforded to the public is insufficient in the fact that- the practice of carrying firearms has be- come prevalent in the colony, with a ten dency to increase, people feeling that if the Government is not able to defend them from violence they must be prepared to de fend themselves. In the Eastern States of America, residents had to adopt the same precaution while the governing institutions were weak, and even now they have not been altogether abandoned and will not be until ' hoodlumism " is crushed as we pro pose to crush larrikinism. But another reason for the growth of the evil complained of in the colonies is that sufficient distinc tion has not been made between the trifling follies and mischief of youth and undis, guised ruffianism, and iu this we find some proof of the influence of a name. In the first instance the offences were mere " lark- in f " in the streets, which, as it became more annoying to Melbourne citizens, be came known as a separate but mild offence under the name of " larrikin " — an Irish constable's mispronunciation of the Eng lish word— and one afterwards applied to the offender as well as to the offence. A son of an ex-attorney-general of the colony joined in one of these street disturbances on the occasion of a large public ball, and was taken before the court, and the notoriety he gained by this proceeding induced other young men, sous-of respectable parents, to follow his bad example. These offences were always mildly regarded by the magis? trates even when a policeman's uniform was torn or some other slight damage was occasioned. But of late years " larking " has given place to acts of the lowest bru tality and ruffianism, wherein inoffending people, females as well as males, have been seriously maltreated and property has been destroyed, and until lately the " larrikin " generally managed to escape punishment on payment of a fine which his comrades would subscribe for him if necessary. Now, however, urged thereto by public anger as expressed in the newspapers, the magis trates seem determined to cure the evil by vigorous measures. Fines and imprison- ment having been found insufficient, re- course is to be bad to the lash for old of- fenders, and to the birch rod for younger ones, and we tmst that when once the ne cessary authority is given that no false sympathy will be allowed to Intervene to defeat the end in view, but that wherever ruffinism is proved that it will meet with a punishment which will put it down at once and for all time. "Tlie weather still continues to be warm, ' but without tho excessive heat of a few days ago, and a change is anxiously awaited ; by all classes of the community. In many ! parts of the district water is now becoming very scarce, and grass lias been but a me- j mory of the past for many weeks. A good i rain within the next few days would be of j incalculable benefit to farmers and miners, ! and it would also have a good effect on i business. At a meeting ofi-the Mechanics' Institute committee heid on Monday last, Mr D. 0 Donogbue was appointed ton. secretary f of the institution in the rooifi of Mr J. J Rahilly, who has left the district. In- J structions were given for the preparation of ! the necessary financial statement on which to claim participation in the Government grant for the assistance of mechanics' insti tutes and free libraries, and this document has since beeen despatched. It shows that iS6 suosenbers contributed £30 12s fid ; do nations for the year amounted to £18 Ss ; a a sum of £5 was obtained from sale of waste paper, 10s fid. from sale of catalogues, and the last government grant amounted to £22 3s. 3d, giving a total revenue of £77 6s 3d. It is hoped that a liberal allotment from the Government grant will be made this year. A strange case of poisoning occurred at ; Lapdsborough last week. A well known resident, named Mrs Mair, made some scones, using for the purpose baking- powder (as she supposed) from a tin which had been brought home by her daughter. Tlie family then sat down to tea, two boys belonging to a neighboring family being also present, but very soon after com mencing the meal signs of poisoning were exhibited by the five persons who had eaten of the scones. Medical assistance was at once obtained, and fortunately no ill results wards thrown outside and the fowls that ate them died. The police are now en deavoring to ascertain where the girl ob tained the powder, as it is stated that there are some suspicious circumstances connected with the affair, one being that the girl referred to refused to eat of the scones after asking her mother to make them. The water having been got out of the Golden Stream Company's mine,, or at least so far reduced as to permit of an entrance to the driving levels, preparations are now being mado for a commencement on active mining operations. A contract has been let for the erection of the winding engine, and when the work has been com pleted a start will be made with cutting down the shaft the remaining eighty odd feet. In tlie meantime applications are in vited for the office of mining manager from persons competent to perform the duties, and these are to be received until the lfitb iDst. Shareholders will be glad to hear, however, that the appointment of the officer named will not interfere with the supervision of the company's valuable machinery, Mr Richards retaining his posi tion as directing engineer. Tenders are also inrited for' the purchase of the 17 inch pumps and workings for which the company have no use. The pedestrian exercises to which we re ferred in our last issue have been continued on the Botanical Reserve every eveniug during the week, and several matches for small stakes have been decided, most of the races haring been well contosted. To morrow evening there is to bo a quarter of an hour's go-as-you- please for £1 aside be tween Chambers and Barbat. In the mean time training for the greater events to come off on the 18th instant is not ne glected. Mr Berry's 'longed for knighthood" has | come at last, and although it is only a " foreign " honor which a British subject is not permitted to use without the Queen's consent it will doubtlessly be appreciated. By the mail just arrived the Italian Consul has received a communication conveying the King of Italy's congratulations on the success of the Melbourne Exhibition, aud j intimating that the Hon TV. J. Clarke and the Hon. Graham Berry have been appointed j Knight Commanders of the Crown of Italy. | Messrs J.J. Casey and G. C. Levey are to j te Knight Officers, and Mr J. C. Newberry is to be a Knight Companion of the same j order. It is not probable that permission j to use these honors will be withheld by j Her Majesty, but no doubt British honors i would have been more appreciated by each of the gentlemeu named. j Reuters' telegrams of Wednesday's date j announces the opening of the British i Parliament. The Queen's speech was read \ by the Rord Chancellor, bnt contained j very ljtlp of importance. " Satisfaction " j is expipsspd in fespect to all relations with j foreign ppweys, flip pom pi etc restoration of | peace in India and thp Trsvaal. and with ; the steps takpn for pi:cyenting seditious : agitation in Ireland, altlipug)) there is some i regret that the oppratjons of tlip poercion ! Act have to be still poqtimied in (.hp |pst i named country. It is mentioned that thq improvement in trnde still cqqfipqes,' a hope is expressed of a good harvest, and the speech concludes with an enumenRjop of tlie : several bills to be introduced duripg the j session. ' j- , For tlio first time in many years tjio 1 Committee .of the Maryborough' Hospital i had a balanco to prod it on Monday last. i The Landsborough annual races hare I been fixed -for |he27tii of March. i In another column will be found the winning numbers in the lottery drawn on. Wednesday last for St, John's Roman Catholic Church, Moonambpl. The draw ing took place at Mr Stockman's large build ing, in the presence of a large number of per sons, and much satisfaction was expressed at the manner in which it was co.iducte'd, and also in respect to the value of the prizes, all of which were on view. Mr Stockman and Mr Middleton gave their, assistance for the. occasion. The cartoon in Punch this week is rather suggestive, in view of the visit of the Russian squadron to Australian waters. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is represented in military uni form, addressing the admiral of the Russian fleet, and says, " Well, Admiral, we haven't much to show in the shape of defences ; but we've lots of ? reports,' and with five or six years' notice we should be able to make a desperate resistance." Punch's comment on the above is, "A glorious rpsult for the expenditure of two millions and a half sterling !" The Skelcher for the current fortnight contains.an artistic picture, A Gippsland ! track after rain," and several other interest? I ing engravings, the chief of which are views of operations at Messrs Swallow and Ariell's biscuit factory, the departure of the Wolverene from Sydney, the pionic at Wcrribee Park, and the landing of pas sengers from quarantine in Melbourne ; some seaside sketches and an illustration entitled " A change of wind" are very amusing. A portrait of the late Colonel Anderson, and scenes at Wilson's Circus complete the number. Eight months will probably elapse before the Government can obtain from the eld country an officer to fill the position oecu- pied by tlie late Culuticl AuUciauu, aud iu the meantime an acting commandant of the volunteers will be appointed. The rinderpest is causing great destruc- . tion to cattle in Russia. Mr Edward Langton has retired from the Boroondara contest. Messrs Harper, Lawcs, Taylor, and Walker are actively in the field. Mr John Owen (formerly of the firm of Owen, Dudgeon and Arnell) and the first successful manufacturer of tobacco in Vic toria, died on Wednesday last. The Bishop of Ballarat will leave the colony on a visit to England on the 22nd inst. A great portion of his duties will be undertaken by the Bishop of Melbourne until Dr Thornton's return. In a shark caught at Fremantle on Tues day the lower portions of a man's stomach were found. By the mail the Governor has received notice from the Dutch Government that it is intended to hold a grand exhibition of works of art and industry in Amsterdam in 1883. The plans for the extension of the rail way from Wodonga to Albury are now ready, and the Government of New South Wales will be at once asked to aid | iu the work of construction. I The Marquis of Lorne will remain in ! Canada for another three years. Tlie Castlemaine woolleu-mill lias orders for £4000 worth of goods. . It was Prof. Hufeland's opinion that the limit of possible human life might be set down at 200 years. In Prussia, owing to the centuries of mi litary rule, nearly the whole agricultural .work is carried on by women. In the last letter that Charles Dickens wrote (on the day before be died) he said, " I shall have leisure to-morrow. " The Nihilists' latest trick is to mix dy namite with the Czar's firewood. Rain is falling copiously in Queens land. An Adelaide father, while asleep, acci dentally kicked the clothes off himself on to a child who was in the bed. When he ''rcflig\Miadll'e'lkoTifseavTh5jlney for a visit to Hobart. Admiral Aslanbegoff said at Sand hurst that the highest compliment he could pay Mr Burrows was to declare that the Minister of Mines was as " hospitable as a Russian." The missing balloon has been seen off the coast of Maritzburg in Africa. Supposing Mr Walter Powell, M.P., not to have voluntarily thrown himself ont of the car, be must have died of starvation long ago. The small- pox patients at Portsea are progressing favourably. The Garonne was released from quaran tine at Sydney on Thursday morning. , The Sandhurst postman who kissed a girl whilst delivering a letter to her, is to be severely reprimanded and removed to Hor-_ sham. It is stated that desertjons from the Russian war- ships are very numerous. _ The inventor of the polka recently died at Prague. Mr Bent" has declared .that he will not make any more alteration. He. will alter this determination within . a week. . Mr James Faull, a farmer of the Pive Mile Yapeen, who has been on a tour throughput tlie northern districts, gives a most gleouiy account of tlie selectors gener- ,ally>. .the majority of whom-, are simply working. .for thoso who have lent them money. . j It has been decided that the dome oE the J colossal Palaisjde Justice, Brussels, now! approaching completion, which was to have been of copper; shall, be constructed ofpapiermache.' It will weigh about 16 tons. . - . The new Egyptian Ministry has approved of;the organic law passed by the Assembly of Notables to enable the Chamber to vote budget supplies, and the Khedive has also given it bis approval and sanction. Tho Carola, the first German war-ship which has visited this colony, entered Hob- son's Bay on Wednesday. At the meeting of the House of Com mons on Tuesday, Mr Brad laugh again presented himself and demauded that he be allowed to take the oath and his seat, stat ing that the oath would now be binding on his conscience. Sir Stafford Northcote. at once moved that iu view of Mr Brad- laugh's previous declaration that the oath was not binding on him his request be refused. Sir Ycrnon Harcourt, for the Government, moved the previous question, aud in doiug so urged that Mr Bradlaugh bo allowed to take the oath subject to the decision of the law courts as to his right and competency to do so, and Mr Gladstone supported the motion of his colleague. Eventually, how ever. the " previous question" was ne gatived by a majority of 5S votes in a full House, and Sir Stafford Northcote's motion was adopted. Mr Bradlaugh therefore re tired protesting against the decision. \- The Government have learned bj letter that it is contemplated to hold a grand exhibition at Rome between the years of 1884 and 1SS5, and it lias already been de cided that the colony of Victoria shall be properly represented thereat. The exhibi tion is expected to be one of the sqccesses qf the world we live in. for it will be artistic jto a degree, and also be utilitarian q its cliaraefer. We ( Telegraph ) learn that all nations liave cordially given their support, and that, the exposition may be the dawn qf new hope for paly, which may afterwards take her place aiqpngst manufacturing nations once more. ' Victoria will do her utmost to shine in the 'representation of the jreat industries represented bv our three it's— wheat, wool, and wiuo. v An accident which happened a few days ago at Mr Lansell's 180 claim, Sandhurst, demonstrated the necessity of life-saving . apparatus, the absence of which, on this oc casion, would liave led to a frightful ac cident.; It appears rhat Mr Northcote, the mining manager, was being hauled up, but the'engine-driver overwinding, the cage was carried up to the poppet-heads almost im mediately. Fortunately the safety hooks encountered the thimble; and divided, al lowing the cage to fall, whilst the safety clasps on the latter prevented it going be yond a few inches. The rope 'flew into the engine-house with astonishing rapidity. The poppet-heads are the tallest in the colony, and Mr Nortboote was suspended about 100ft. between tlie skids in the air for a short time, until released from his perilous position. Had the safety clasps failed to act, Mr Northcote would have been sent with the cage to the bottom, a distance of 1,700ft. A letter from Tokio, dated 2nd November, gives details of the reception given to the sons of the Prince of Wales in Japan. The Bacchante and the rest of the detached squadron arrived at Yokohama on 21st October, and after two days spent in official visits, Prince Albert Victor and George and suite landed quietly, thus disappointing the inhabitants, who bad anticipated demons trations. Travelling by special train to Tokio, they were received by the British, German, and Russian Ministers, and went to the residence which had been elaborately fitted up for their reception. Here tbey remained for a week, having one day an audience with the Emperor, who expressed the great pleasure it gave him to offer them welcome, and bis hope that tbey would retain pleasant recollections of Japan. inext day lucj. own; om WIIU luv to witness a review of 7,000 troops, and afterwards banqueted with his Majesty. Another day was spent at the Military College, where a banquet and ball were given. The squadron left somewhat abruptly on the 1st November, for Hong j Kong, where tbey were expected on the j 20th November, and where great prepara- j tions for their reception were being made, Apropos of snake- poison, the Bendiga Advertise. r says:— "It is a generally- accepted belief that the flesh of animals poisoned by snake-bite will not injure animals that may eat it, unless there be any opening on the skin, such as a cut or bruise near the mouth or other place likely to come in contact with the meat when being partaken of. However, an incident which occurred at Goornong during the past week seems to coutradict the foregoing assumption. Mr. Broderick, a farmer residing in the Goornong district, bad a bullock bitten by a snake. The animal died, and be skinned tlie carcase, giving the flesh to two pigs. The pigs, after eating it, sickened and died. The matter occasioned some surprise." On Tuesday afternoon (says the Brisbane Courier) a Mr. Smith, residing in Boundary- street, his wife aud daughter, a daughter- in-law, and Miss Noble, who was on a visit from Stanthorpe, partook of tinned salmon for lunch, and some time afterwards were found by another member of the family, who had just arrived, all lying on the floor and showing symptoms of poisoning. Dr. Marks, who was immediately sent for, was soon in attendance, and under his treatment they gradually recovered. The doctor is of opinion that the fish consumed had nol been properly cured when tinned, and bad thus become poisonous. A man named William Crook has been committed for trial at Cranbourne, near Melbourne, on a charge of wilful murder, for having deliberately stabbed a drover named Stephens- during a public bouse quarrel. The quarrel took place on Fri day afternoon, and Stephens died on Satur- day. "Sydney and " Yictoria: will commence at ' Sydney to-day. The best players of both colonies are chosen, but Sydney is said to have the best team and is expected to win. A great deal of interest is taken in the match. From nearly all the agricultural districts near Ballarat the farmers speak most favourably of the results of the late harvest, which they generally admit to hare been the best for the last 20 years, 30 bushels of wheat and 45 bushels of oats per acre being not at all an uncommon yield. A few days ago Mr Phelan, Talbot, re ceived via Sydney the halves of two £10 notes, in payment of a sum which the sender said he had deprived Mr Phelan of some years ago. By the English mail just arrived the remaining halves of the notes have arrived. A Perth telegram says The remains of Mr Lowe, of Victoria, were found by Mr Brockman thirty miles from where they parted company last November, while searching for country near Gascoyne. The body was perfectly nude. The clothes were lying beside the remains. A movement has been started in England to do honor to the memory of Sir Francis Drake, one of the most brilliant of that con stellation of heroes which lias made the Elizabethan era famous in history. The occasion has been aptly chosen, as the ter- centenary of his circumnavigation of the globe is now approaching, gud the site for the memorial is also highly suitable pm? like many of our other- national heroes, his last resting-place cannot be pointed out iu any of our noted mausoleums. The great sailor died at sea, bxit it is proposed that on Plymouth Hoe, from whence he so often j sailed on his memorable expeditions, a me.- j morial to bis fame shall be erected. A na- j tional appeal for a national memorial j has been made, and has received a hearty j response. The Anglo-Saxon race through- j out the world are invited to send subscrip tions. and appeals are specially made to the. ; colonies which may be regarded as having; | sprung from the daring deeds of Drake andj j his fellows. j According to the Ballarat Star , a good \ story, but true, is related concerning a ben j which had hatched successfully on several j occasions a brood of ducklings. In tlie ! yard there was a small pool of water, and j in the ceutre was a stone, on which the fond j parent was accustomed to perch and call j herfamilly to her. On one occasion, how- | ever, the owner placed under her a dozen ' hen eggs to hatch, and when the chickens came out the proud mother took up ber ac customed position in the centre of the pool, and immediately called the whole of her young family around her, with the result, as might have been anticipated, that the brood came to an untimely end. Some interesting experiments have been lately carried out in Leipsic with a cuirass made of a newly invented preparation of steel. The metal of the cuirass js only about three-fiftieths of an inch thicc, and is lined inside with a thin layer pf wool. The cuirass itself is 14in. wide and lOin. high, being iutended only to protect the heart and lungs, and weighs 2ylb. Eleven , rounds were fired at it, at a distance of 175 yards, from a Martini breech-loading rifle, and of eight bullets which struck the cuirass only two pierced the metal, while even these were completely flattened, and remained in tlie woollen lining, so that a man wearing the cuirass would be unin jured. j A suspected case of small-pox at Gee- j long has been proved to be a mild attack of j chicken pox. I ' . — - " " ' i A fire broke out at three o'clock on Tues- day morning in the stables at the rear of Mr John Miller's hotel, at Morton Plains. The flames spread so rapidly that Air! Miller s racehorse Doncasfer was burned to death. I he losses is estimated at over £200, and it is believed Mr Miller is not- insured. A Connecticut pastor, declined an addi tion of one hundred dols. to his sa'Iary. for the reason among others, that t-be hardest part of his labors heretofore bad been1 the- collection of bis salary, and it woitld1 kill him to try to collect one hundred dols more; A sailor from the Russian squadron was charged at the Me bourne Court on Tues. day with stealing a purse and other valu ables from a woman named Turner. He was discharged on the understanding that be would be punished by bis officers." Mr W. Graham, stationmaster at Eyre's Sand Patch, on the "West Australian tele graph line, telegraphs from that place as follows : — " It will be remembered that Air Eyre, the explorer, in bis memorable jour ney forty years ago, had a companion named Baxter, who was murdered bT his own native hoys abont 45 miles west of this patch. Two Datives last week brought Baster's legs, arms, and other bones to our lineman. Air John Heal y, when on the line 50 miles west; also 3 portion of ironwork of a saddle and horseshoe nails in a won derful state of preservation. I some time ago recovered a gun eaten with rust, which I believe is the weapon with which the murder was committed. I hare ascertained from the natives that the boys certainly reached Eucla on their way back, and they are positive they returned to their own dis trict in South Australia." -Shocking BWl iculRXs.oI a Ballarat on Thursday morning, at an in quest on the body of Emma Ah Kew. seven months old. It was declared in evidence that the mother systematically left the child without sustenance, and placed it in a wood shed while she was out drinking. At last the child became so weak that the" mother was compelled by the neighbours to take it to the hospital, but even then she neglected to give it stimulating medicine. Tlie child died on Thursday Dight. It was reduced to a skeleton. Sarab Ah Kew is in cus tody, The conference of state school inspectors on the school ages question was concluded on Alonday. A resolution was passed, re commending the Alinisterof Education lo allow all children nnder fonr years and s half at present enrolled to continue at school, and only to apply the proposed new rule, fixing tlie minimum at four and a half years, to future pupils. It was also agreed to advise the Alinister not to allow the ex clusion of children under four and a half years to effect the income of the teachers, which it is thought should stand without reduction. The proposal adopted by the conference at a previous sitting was to make four and a half years the minimum limit on which teachers should be paid, and to permit children between four and four and a half to attend without counting them as part of the allotment. The Education Commission made a prac tical start with the business of its mquirv on "Wednesday, when the members met at the Treasury and commenced the examina tion of Mr G-. Wilson Brown, secretary to the Education department. Mr Brown, gave a quantity of evidence respecting the various branches in the department, the duties undertaken by each, the number of officers employed and the general routine of management. He was questioned rather exhaustively upon the architect's branch, and expressed an opinion to the' effect that it ought not to be removed to the Public- Works department, inasmuch as the neces sary business required from it would not. under such circumstances, be so urnmnriv ako furnished the commission with a quan tity of statistics relative to the number of children attending State schools, their various ages, the numbers receiving in struction in extra snbjects, the attendance at night schools, and a variety of other in formation. all of which may be supposed' to assist the members in their investiga tion. After sitting for two hours- and a. half the commission adjourned until Wed nesday next. Referring to the Bulletin trash, a corres pondent says : — " But out of evil sometimes cometh good, for our youth now, at all' events, affect some kind of reading, and may hereafter tire of the dreary twaddle of' the dust-box school." A supposed ghost, which has been fright-, ening the people of Creswick road, Balla rat, for some time past, was captured on. Wednesday evening, and was found to be & young woman well known in the neighbor hood. The Order of the Garter has been conferred; upon Albert I., King of Saxony. The Earl of Fife has proceeded to Dresden and in vested the King with the insignia of the- Order. " Men often jump at conclusions," says the proverb. So do dogs. AVe saw a dog jumn at the conclusion of a cat, which was sticking through the opening of a partly closed door, and it made more disturbance than a church scandal. Australian Hair Restorer is confidently recommended as being far superior to English and American preparations (no matter how great their pretensions), and much cheaper. It thoroughly cleanses the head from dan- driff, promotes new growth, and a single bottle will positively restore grey or faded hair to its original color and beauty. Pro prietors— Clemes and Baktlem.vx. Retailed by all Chemists in th« colony. Price, 3s 6d Agent — W. Goodshaw. — Advt. Throat Affections and Hoarseness. — All- suffering from irritation of the. throat anu hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief- afforded bv the use qf "Brown's "Bronchial Troches"'? These famous " lozenges" are now sold by most res pectable chemists in this country at Is 1-Jd per. box. People troubled with "a. "hacking cough, ' a " slight cold,"- or bronchial aflec- tipnSj cannot try them too soon, as similar, troubles , if j allowed; to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words " Byown s Bronchial. Troches" are on the Government Siarap. around each box, — Prepared by John I. Brown A Sons, Bostou, U.S. European depot removed to 33, Farringdon Road, London. Advice to Mothers !— Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with tho pain of cutting teeth? Go at "once to a chemist and get a bottle of AIrs Vinslow's Soothino Syrup. It will relievo the poor suffei-er immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "bright as a button. ' It soothes the child, it softens tho gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diavrhcea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Airs AYins- low's Soothing Syrup is sold by Aledieine dealers everywhere at Is Ud per bottle- Itollntmy's Ointment and Pills.— Tlie Anchor oi Hope. — If there he one description of liumiin know ledge superior to all others it is the kuowiedre of the menus of pre-ervintr or re.c.nninc health— wanting which, existence is a mockerv— lU-.uit ,v relief II olio way s twin liteiHcuiiients sr.ppiv this gre:lt desideratum. In all diseases they "are heaeticial because they purity tlie Mood, irom which everv portion of the body inust .inevitably be renewed. Ihe ointment, by brisk friction. re.:iM'<. penetrates, and then exerts its restuhiUn-r :ind wholesome tu- llnence r.r.in-- In this wi:y the -tomneh. Innsrs, iiv.>r_ uml kehu-v- -Mil be etleetively rvm'hcd and tuvinc rated, esiu-nallv a > I ol!o\v:!\ "s Pills he shnuii;'.iv,--iits,\\- tr.itel, In x'o !1! tho work oi puiiiic.utoa and ia.-iUioo. 