HOLLYGROVE HOUSE. A MYSTERY. Ik Fottr Chxptkbz.— Chaptkb L 14 It's a snug-little box. Two meets within easy distance, good garden, though a Utile out of order, pretty lawn, and half a dozen acres of good oova behind. I think Pre done a good steoke of botinss in it. Charlie Sevan flipped away the "t«» of his cigar as he spoke, looking very well pleased with himself and his bargain. I envied him — six-and- twenty, on the eve of being married to the best and sweetest little girl in England, heir to ten tVirtngnfl g year, and the kindliest stml in existence. We, his old companions, had given k a farewell dinner, and now, most of tire guests having departed, Templet and I- his two most intimate friends, were enjoying a tin! smoka and chat before separating for the night. fEtty calls the piaee gloomy,' he went on. But Paradise would have looked gloomy the day we ran down to inspect it. It was ni of those horrid dayalaet week. There was a north-easter blowing fittc take your head with a sprinkling iff snow oexming down along with it. I confess it did look bleak, but Fll have tilings put to rights before tire sees the house again, and you know you fellows are coming down to help ire to make tire place jolly. I said I hoped to he able to have a look at his new abode. . G® yon know, Cfaarue, my hey, my leave rs up on the tenth of January, so I shall not have much time to spare. Charlie's face fell, then lighted, np again 'Look here, edd bqy, what's to prevent your coming back from Bedfern with us? he asked. 4 Cissy and Kit are ooming. Tempter's booked for ihe dance in Christmas week, and eo are you. Well all go o ver to KoBy»rove in a body, and he a jolly party. Charlie Sevan's bride, wis ftthtiberta Bedfern, osootti daughter of the fete Sre Francis Bedfern, Baronet, of Bed- Tark, Westfaarnshire, ty Augusta his yfr fckaghter of tire Marquis of berlands, vtiute Cissy' ww Cecil Victoria, third aaughter of the eame nobis pair, and 'Bt Fatiileeu IKagoire, the sweetest mid most fascinating of Irish girls, to tire deceased baronet. Now I bee to » w 1101 5® fe about young ladies, an old stager, lean, grizzled, br?»a walnut, «®d twioe her age, but I acknowledge that a sweeter maiden than this Kathleen Maguize it has now bennv fate to behold, and if Studl we cry "eettJed old boy? Te8lPicri8b9,ll«i o«om©- Now Fercital Templer, known to bis cimmsM' Tim,' was, as I well knew, ready to go to the cannon's mouth for a glance from Cissy Bedfern ; so was I to spoil snort ? I said 'settled,' and we separated. I saw Charlie turned oil next day. I believe the wedding was considered rather a smart affair bat to me it went off tamely enough. Kit was given in charge to a lanky youth, a brother officer of her cousin, Sir Albert Bed tarn, and I never got near her. . ??ere a dance in the evening, a very brilliant thing, too, considering the time of year». but the room was so crowded that danomg was almost impossible. I had a turn or two with Kathleen, and a few minutes' beat on the stairs afterwards, bat her cousin kept hovering round her the whole time, and I felt that I was in the way. It was a relief when, sapper ove£ I felt at liberty to return to my lonely lodgings, to muse upon the good fortune which seems to shine upon some young men. The Bedferns left town the day after the biH, and I, finding London intolerably dull, went off with Templer to his father's place ia Loamshire for a little quiet hunting with toe Loamshire hounds. It was slow work. Templer' father is a widower, and all his daughters are married, so that Monkshatnp- Btead was a dreary place to stop at. Never theless we managed to g8t through the time fairly well ; we hunted five days in the week, shot on the sixth, and looked at the horses on the seventh, and, in spite of awful weather, rain, sleet, snow, sharp frosts, and still sharper thaws, we got on fairly w«il, although it was a great relief when Christmas came, and it was time to go to Bedfern. I suppose everyone knows that Bedfern Court is in Westhamshire, and that Lady Augusta is the queen of the county. A great lady even in London, she ia the undisputed ruler in her county, and a very graceful queen she makes. Bedfern is the pleasantest house I ever had the good fortune to find myself in. There are lovely gardens, beautiful even in winter time, delightful walks through beautiful stretches of woodland scenery, a capital ground for a eosy flirtation, if one were so disposed, and at the baok of the house there are splendid tennis-courts, asphalted, laid down by first-rate men from town, for those who are enthusiasts about the game. Yes, I enjoy a day or so at Bedfern. Had I expected too much, or had Bedfern made things square with Sit, or what was it all ? I cannot tell, I only know that I felt worried and cut of sorts from the first day I arrived. Kathleen avoided me. If I entered the morning-room while she was there she Invariably found a pretext for leaving it shortly afterwards. If Lady Augusta en trusted her to my charge at dinner — she often did — the girl would soarcely speak to me. X did not understand her ; women ' have always been an enigma to me. For merly I let them remain so. Now, I can didly confess, I wanted very muoh to unriddle this one, and she baffled me. The day after we arrived Charlie and bis bride returned, both of them seeming happy enough to drive one distracted with envy. That was on Christmas Eve, arid their happiness seemed to brighten as all up. Christmas Day was a pleasant enough festival. There was a big dinner-party, and a dance in the servant's hall, bat the festivities were of necessity cut short at midnight, next day being Sunday, when all gaieties were strictly prohibited. We were to leave Bedfern Court on the : Thursday after the ball ; Severn, his young wife, Cissy, and Kit going by ax early train, so as to be at Hollygrove to welcome xs— that is to say, Templer, Bedferx, and myself. Strange to say, ox the morxing ef oar departure, I felt more than hall inclined to give up my visit, and eet off to my good old mother at Cheltenham ; bxtthenldid xot like to eat Charlie, even although I was suffering rather severely, for X need not try to conceal the real state of the ease. I was head over heels in love with Kathleen, and at my time of life that means more than a boy's passing fancy for a pretty face. I knew she did not .care for me, but still there was a certain fascination about her which drew me on and on. That she did care for Bedfern I had no manner of doubt, but, although he hung round her and paid her very devoted attention. I had my suspicions aB to the genuineness of his affections. I think I had a vague idea of saving her from him in some unknown way. At any rate, I bad no very kindly feeling towards the young man as we sat side by side in a smoking- carriage, dashing along the dreary snow- covered expanse of country whioh lay between Bedfern and Hollygrove. Twilight was closing in as we gained the little wayside station, where Charlie awaited our coining in all the first freshness of his new character of host. He greeted as as if some months, rather than a few hours, had elapsed since we parted, and whirled us along a fairly good turnpike road in a neat trap, drawn by a pair of spanking grey horses. The house was a little over a mile from the station, and light enough remained for as t6 see a portion of it, as we drove np the avenue. It was a squat, square house, commonplace and conventional, only differ, ing from all the other houses in West Loam shire in being built of dark grey stone. I think it was that which made it look so gloomy, set as it was, too, in the depths of the holly-grove from which it took its name. For it was a gloomy house. Even the porch, full of brilliant blossoms, which was the first thing you encountered as you entered, failed to lighten api its gloom. There were tall dark yew-tree! on the lawn in front ; and a frozen fountain, like a miniature iceberg, in the centre of the gravel sweep, did not tend to make the place- more lively. But when we entered, and saw at the end of the long hall a square of light and warmth, where three beautiful women were standing to bid us welcome, I began to think that Holly -grove was not such a bad house after all. Etty made a charming hostess. She had on a wonderful garment — a tea-gown Charlie called it— all loose and flowing, with a belt about her waist, and a Gloire de Dijon ' in her bosom. A naoBfc sweet picture she- made. Cissy was very winsome, too, but Kate— I only cast one swift glance at her— Kate eclipsed them all, and there was a soft, shy smile on her red lips as our eyes met. I felt fteen thrill of something that was not ioy. mtoS/T S ot hop or,eM. tart 1 I sh. wMgl.i to see -u „ ' "too worst oam to the worst, I should witness her happiness, and ought not that to be enough for me ? The provoking thing was that Bedfern did not seem to mind Se was gasing round him, listening to Charlie's prattle about his house. I kept my eyes sway and listened, too. ' You see. this is the centre of the middle square. The stairs go up there,' he said, ' on either side of that glass door. The long passage we, came up is the outer hall, the bedrooms open off the gallery there, behind those pillars, aud the cupola overhead is rather pretty. Its stained glass makes this place look awfully jolly when the sun's shining.' It looked oomfortable enough now in all oonscmnce. The ample hearth was piled up with blazing logs. The stone floor was covered by a great thiek Tarkey carpet, while every imaginable shape of lounge, easy-ah&ir;, and eosy sofa offered luxurious plaoes for repose. Lamps swung' from the roof, and along the wide gallery supplied the place of the faffing daylight and. helped to warm its ample space. Opposite to the entrance to the outer hail a glass door epened into a well-filled conserva tory, and at my right hand, as I sat by the tea-table, I saw into another lighted- up apart ment through another door. 1 That's the dxawingroom, Charlie said. There is to be a smoking-room in the front part of the house, but those duffers of work men have been so slow about it it's not half finished, and the library is aU at sixes and sevens. We'll explore it to-morrow, and in the meantime we muBt make a smoking-room of the hall.' Presently the dressing-bell rang, and then Charlie conducted us to our respective apart ments. Etty and I inhabit another part of the house,' he said, opening a door, and thereby disclosing a passage lighted up, like all the rest of the house. There are two jolly big rooms down there,' he went on ; we thought we'd take possession of them, as Etty liked the view. This is your roosting-place.' He paused before a door at the west corner of the gallery, and flung it open. Templer's got the room opposite. Ciss, Etty's given you the middle one. You, Kit, are quartered at the other side ; you have it all to yourself, for Bertie sleeps at our end of the mansion. Bye-bye, boya and girls ; do not keep the eook toe long waiting, it's not fair.' We vanished into our respective rooms and began to dress — at least I did, but half-way through my toilet a most curious and unpleasant sensation came upon me. I can not qnite explain what it was like, I never felt anything resembling it before, and I most devoutly hope I never may again. It was pot fear, no, I. am certain of that, neither was it pain, although it seemed to send the blood back to my heart with a sickening rush. It was rather a dumb nameless horror of some awful unknown thing close at hand. I w&s; working away at ray hair with a couple of big brushes, when it first came upon me. I turned like lightning and looked oarefully round, but nothing was to be seen. I was simply standing before a well-appointed dressing-table, in a luxuriously- furnished room. A lamp burned on the mantel- shelf, a great fire roared np the wide chimney, candles were flaming on the table behind me, and the great cheval-glass reflected back only my own manly form, clad in shirt and trcusers; yet the stifling sense of some dreadful presence near me, beside me, grew more ana more appalling eash moment, and a sort of cold clammy feeling came upon me. I seized a candle and went round the room> searching for It, whatever it might be. I flung open the wardrobe doors. Nothing mora tsrrible than a coat or two dangling from some pins met my visw. Then I palled the bsd from the walii nothing was to be seen, and with a laugh at ray own folly I resumed the duties of my toilet. The fecliug gradually abating, at last completely passed away, but, what struck mp as being very strange, a cold damp air, accompanied by a singular and most disagreeable odour, seemed to float round the zoom. J confess my first thought was ' drains,' but yet toe odour was not like that which proceeds from defective drainage.. No; like a flash, the siekening smell recalled a scene thousands of miles away, when one hot sultry night I had inadvertently ridden too -hear one of those ghastly ' towers of silence which pollute the breathless air of the country round Bombay. I shuddered as the weird, uncanny scene rose up in my memory, The tower, rising above the lonely cypress grove, a dark outline against the deep blue sky of an Indian night; the circle of obscene birds, gorged by their awful repast, showing darkly in the dim light ; the ghastly noises they made, as the sound of our horses' feet disturbed their repose, and they rose np heavily cn listless, languid wings to flutter in the darkness like evil angels. This sickening smell recalled that night, and tarned me almost faint as I stood. Fortunately the sound of the dinner bell aroused me, and bronght me hack to a sense of the actual state of things. I went out upon the gallery, and loitered there a moment or two, but no one appeared. I would hardly have confessed that I expected to meet anyone, and yet if Kit had happened to leave her room just then—— But she didn't, for she was in the drawingroom before me, and very sweet she looked. Severn was the only other person there. She was sitting on the hearthrug aud talking very earnestly, to him. He seemed interested in what she had to say. 'Here's Tottenham, ask. his advice. He knows a little about Ireland,' Severn said as I came near. > # ' My advice ?' I said, looking down at her. Would Miss Maguire erne to act upon my advioe?' She blushed rose-red, and her blue eyes fell. Had my eyes told her anything ? She has heard that things are going all wrong at her father's place in Ireland, and she wants to start off at once and see them aU. To share their danger, Bhe says. I Very praiseworthy,' I said, a curious thickening of the breath coming upon me. What a brave girl she was ! ' But I trust you will not be permitted to carry out your inten tion—you are safe here.' ' Oh, but I should be perfectly safe there, too,' she said earnestly. 'You see, i know toe people ; I am not afraid of them, only for papa and the boys. For myself, I have hot the shadow of fear— not one of them tfould touch me.' ' You are very brave.' 'No;y X am a dreadful coward,' she laughed. Are you ? I should never have thought it. j Do tell me what you are afraid of ?' ' Oh, many things— spiders, rats and miee, crawly things, cater pillars.' I do not know what tempted me to ask the question. Afterwards I was sorry enough for it. < 'Do you include ghosts in your list of terrors, Miss Maguire V She shook her head. ' I don't know — I never saw one.' ' Should you be afraid of seeing one?' ' I am not sure,' she answered. ' It would be a new experience.' ' You are fond of new experienoes ?' 'Sometimes,' she said, gathering herself np, and rising to her feet as the rest of the company eame sweeping into the roo.n. ' And yet,' I said, bending towards her as she rose — and yet the old are better some times.' She looked into my face, a swift questioning glance, and tarned away. ' Bertie,' cried Mrs. Severn, ' for this night only we'll go to dinner in state. Give me your arm, Sir Albert Bedfern ; Mr. Severn, take Miss Bedfern ; Major Tottenham, will you bring Miss Maguire in to dinner ?' I obeyed her gladly, and we trooped across the warm,, bright hall to the diningroom. Every thing was in oapital order— the new cook was a first-rate one ; the wines were good; the company pleasant. We were as happy a set of mortals as you could wish to find. We had a little musie in the evening. Etty played well, and sang sweetly. Kathleen sang, but did not play ; while Bedfern was an enthusiast about music. We had quite a small concert in one end of the room, Cissy, Bedfern, and Templer doing audience, but I don't think they heard very much of the singing and playing. It was lateish when we separated— nearly twelve o'clock — and, as the last petticoat vanished up the stairs, Severn roused the huge hall fire into a roaring blaze. ' Now we shall make ourselves snug, boys,' . he cried. ' Smoking-caps and dressing-gowns are to be the order of the night.' We were not long in equipping ourselves as he bade, and soon fragrant clouds were oircling around us. We heard soft voiees murmuring ia the gallery, and a low, musical laugh made us all look up to see a bright face peeping at us over the balustrade. All witches,' cried Severn. 'Etty, send those naughty girls to bed. We want to chat.' ' Don't reveal any secrets, if you take my advice,' Etty's silvery voice called out of the shadow. 'Cissy and Kit have only to leave their doors open.' Her voice died away in a smothered peal of laughter, We heard doors close, and then ' we knew that wo might chat away as freely as we liked. We had many things to talk about. Bed- fern's horses were coming over next day ; not that there appeared to be muoh chants of a thaw ; but, all the same, one never can count upon anything oertain with regard to weather in this variable climate. There were wood- eoeks to be shot-, if the frost continued, and Severn had discovered a capital sheet of ice in some eorner of his meadows. ' I say, Tim, Cissy is dying to learn how to do the " outside edge you ean give her a esson after breakfast,' Severn said, laugh- ingly, and Templer reddened to the tips of his cars. ' We'll all go down to the pond Hallo 1 here they are again.' We heard a door open, and yet the sound it made was not like that of the smooth gliding hinges of the doors overhead. This was a harsh, grating noise as if a rusty lock was roughly turned and a heavy door flung open with a sudden jar ; at the same moment, a damp iey air swept down upon us, and the same disgusting charnel-house odour that had so startled me in my room came upon us with a rush. I felt the curious sense of an awful presence take possession of me, and looking awe-stricken into the faces of the three strong, brave young men who eat with me, I sawby their expression that they shared my feelings. Charlie sprang up. 1 Those owls of workmen have been tam pering with the drains,' he said. « They have opened the door leading to the leads and for gotten to close it up. Come, Bertie, we'll fasten it up.' ' We looked at each other, and with one consent we all went with Charlie up the broad stairs, through a small door opening off the gallery, up a narrow flight of stairs to the door whioh opened upon the roof. It was shut, and strongly secured. 'That's very odd, said Charlie, as we stood looking from the closely-barred door into each other's puzzled faces. 1 could have sworn I heard this door opened.' _ And so could I,' said Templer. ' The cold air seemed to come down on us from it.' 'Yes,' Bedfern added; ' it was just the noise it would have made if those rusty locks had been opened suddenly.' Well, no one seems to have been near it,' Charlie said Jin a tone of great annoyance. I'll have if seen to to-morrow, if possible, and I will speak to' Kent in the morning. I suppose the servants think they can play larks on us because we are such young house keepers, but I'll teach them the reverse.' I did not think Charlie's handsome face could express so much anger or decision as it did at this moment. . I won't have her worried at any rate,' he said, as we retarned to the hall. ' So now, lads, a final smoke and to bed.' I never could explain satisfactorily to my self or to anyone else the carious sensation of vague apprehension which was upon me, and which inexplicable feeling I saw reflected in the faces of my friends. Our attempts at conversation fell very flat after what had occurred. We Wfere all thinking of it, and yet by common consent we tried to talk about other things, as we relighted our pipes and lounged about the hall. The unpleasant smell was gone, only a carious chill remained in the air. How bitterly cold it is to- night,' Templer said ; no chance of a thaw.' We agreed with him, and then, as the hall clock struck one,ws went upstairs, lingering in the gallery Until Charlie extinguished the lamps. ' Good-night and sound sleep to you, boys,' be said, sa we separated at the door of the passage leading to his wife's room. 'You needn't say anything about that noise, or the drains, to any of the girls.' I readily promised, so did Templer ; Bedfern gave an expressive nod, and to. we went to our rooms. Although nothing farther oecarred, f not pass a very tranquil night. Once or twice I started from my sleep with the same vague horror upon me that I had felt in the i evening, although in a much less degree, and I acknowledge I felt glad and relieved when j I heard doors open, feet moving, mops and j brooms in motion, and knew that it was morning, aud the house astir. — All the Year Bound. (TO BB eoNTrNse»0 