Coloiiliil UIMI Intercolonial I*««». Fitos! a small table issued by the Registrar-Gonora we aseortaiu Hint tho estimated population of New Soutli Wales on tho Suth Juno last, was 71)7,377, ar iuorcuso of 10,112 on tho number at the close of 1831 when tho population was T81,2(i5. Of tho inorens< 8ÍI08 aro males, and 7204 fournies. The inoicnse it made up by tho following figures :-Births during first half 1882-males, 7330; fomales, 70/2 ¡ total 14,4(18 Arrivals by sea, same period : Malos. 10,181 (including 405 Chinese) ; females, (i»98 ; total, 22,178 total increase, !I(!,IU7. Against this has to he set tht docrcaso by death 4011) males, 2700 ' females, total (1775. Departures by sea '.MOO (including soi Chinoso) females,, ll 10 ; total, 13,700 ; grand total,;20,086 Thu births, theróforo, have more than doubled thi deaths, and tho arrivals almost doubled tho depar turcs.',., ,;'',-",",;",'^ -, "'iv,; ? ? Vii . - ? . ??. ' At a mooting .of; the Barossa Farmers' Union (Soiith,' Australia) ;.on Monday, Professor Custanct road.'an nblo 'and interesting paper .'on. the .social commercial;; and ' political ' aspeóte bf farming, lint advocated deep tillágó,'showing thou'so of nea drilli and; horse hoes in preference to broadcast sowing. "V; 'Wis statedm. a Melbourne, 'journal,that 'two som Of Charles Dickens are about to commence'.biisincs! as station agents in Melbourne One of thom (Alfrei Tennyson) is woll known in Victoria. ' '/ .- ? . THe"trial of Röwo and .¡M'Namara for, tho ,Mel bourne jewellery robbery hongs tiro whilo the'Judge cogitates how.to deal.with a,recalcitrant.conviol witness/named Roberts/ Thó lattór ? ref used to give ovidenco because thu Judge who sentenced him called him untruthful ; and as Roberts has only com moricbd a. five .years', term, and ? thumbscrews irro an anachronism, tho'Court is .puzzled how tb scours n conviction. The position'; is" uniquo ."?- hut',really, Roberts'is almost as'tetohy about his dignity audJiis reputation for veracity as many an alderman in'tin outside world. ; ¡r^iMi^ iX -?.??.:'> »¡.ll' :\t ../Thu Singleton Agricultural Show opened on Wed- nesday. ; Tho -weather was favourable and tho'nt tondbnep wm's'largo.'Thoro aro HHO'eutrios. and tho strong points ; of tho Exhibition aro' tho draught horses, sheep, and ? poultry."£Horses.-Stallions :;Mr Alexander Bowman's Sunlight, by Kplplo, silver modal i Mr Du'ncan'J|.,'M'Kay's Grandmaster second. Arab Stallions :* Mr/' Whitos-Kohih'oôr,': first ; ;:Mr .Daiigar's'pAIessehger,', by Alif, second. Draught IIoracs.-^Hcayy imported stallions ¡ Mr Daniel Bull's Bon Lomond^ first ; Mr Thomns Blunt's Cannio Scot, second. Aged..'stallions,: ;Mr WU Brunt's Tasman, first; Mr .GeorgP .Lodoi's ..Cowden .Tom, second. Three Years' Stallions : Mr A; D.'Brown's Young Sir William first ¡ Mr Charles Tucker's, Gladstone, second. .'.?"' ... "'. {??} *?\J-'*V:<??'' ???? Tho StatUt'wnl l/iyiii'iir shows that tho areoiof land undor oultivation in South Australia during tho season 1881-2 amounted to 2,018,1)03 acres, against 2,»74,48U on tho previous season,' Tho incronso arises from tho additional wheat production, barloy and oats and .nearly all other orops 'showing ii decrease Theacrcngo under vines was 4202, compared with 4337 on tho previous'year. ' Tho production of wiuo decreased from 501,000 to 313.000 gallons. - Tho ropprt of tho,Crown Lands Department'for 1881 has been presented to tho Assembly, ' The re- port shows that at tho beginning, of tho present your tho approximate aroa of land ayailablo and suit abltf f or selection was* 8,71)0.380 noies. Selection was rapidly decreasing, having fallon steadily sinco 1878, when 1,1-1.1,52!), acres' were , tókon'. up..; Tho area selected lost'year was only .'688,922 hores; ; Tho.de mahd for non-resident licenses under tho'Land Act hns also greatly diminished. . Tho aron of country lands sold by auction Inst year was 22,344,- aeres, j which is sniallor than tho area disposed bf in any I year of tho last decado except 1878. During tho yoar I Bl! runB, comprising, 1,763,280 sores, wero forfeited or abandoned. Tho revenue from pastoral rents' was I rapidly falling away. Lust year it'amounted to I £71,000, or ¡617,0110 less than in 1880, and less thon half tho amount recoivod in ,1870; j .. , - 1 A conference of oloigymcn mid laymen of 'Protes ! tant donominntions was hold last'week for tho pur 'pose: of dovising a prnotioal means of introtluoing j Scripture reading iii State schools in Victoria. ' After I considerable discussion, a resolution Was carried I affirming that it was necessary for tho wolfaroof tho j rising generation of tho colony that Scripture rend i ingbe introducing into State schools withoutscetarian I teaching, with a conscience ¡oíanse for thoso j parents who object. It was also moved that tho por- tions of Scripture to bo road in sohools bo selected by i n central board, composed of dologntes from the I different- Churches. Tho Bishop opposed this idea, and it was finally withdrawn ; and another motion, nppoiuting a committee to ennsidor tho host monns of carrying out the resolution, was adopted.' Tho board appointed to inquire into thc claims for compensation for alleged losses' arising through tho recent outbicak of smallpox in Swanslon-strcat, Vic- toria, havo :submitted thoir roport to tho Assembly, Tho board considered tho charge against tho authori- ties of neglecting to afford tho patient, Miss Southon, ! propor ottondanco and kentmont during tho trnnsfor i from her residence to tho sanitary station, and during liol- retention thero, not supported - by tho evidence ; and as for tho claim of Miss ' Southon for compensa- tion, on tho grounds of being unablo to obtain > employment since hor recovery, tho board point out that exactly tim sarao thing would have arisen if clio Government had not interfered. The claimant had tho benefit of medical attondanco freo of oxponso, and thc board (leoline to recognise tho oliiim of Miss Southon's sister. To Mr Nimbs,"however, whoso houso was plnced in qunrntine, mid who olniined £1000 for tho destruction of stock and fnrnituro and loss of business during such period, thoy award £600, Mrs Southon, who sulfored loss by hor boarders leav- ing whon her houso waa quaratinod under a mis- apprehension, claimed £GQ0, and tho board awards her £100. '"".:' " ? ' A REVIVALIST.-Tho Kyneton Qiiaril'mn records somo of tho inoidonts of a rovival mission of tho Rov, John MNcil, B.A; '. In his mcssago-last ovoning Mr M'Noill said that it was: sometimes asked whether it was sinful to attend quadrille assemblies or dancing olnsscs, Ho was not going to say'whothor it was wrong or not, but his text told him that thoy .should bo "scaled with ? tho Holy Spirit of promise," and havo " tho earnest of their inhoritiihbo.". within. Ho would givo a cheque for £60 if thoy could produco nny ono .who was filled with tho Holy Ghost and yot attended dancing assemblies. If a man lind tho earnest of tho inheritance with him, and was foll of tho noly Ghost, it would tako a very strong ropo and a powerful looomokivc to drag him into n dano ing-room; where pnoplo went spinning.round nnd round Uko so ninny idiots, mid it would bo boll to him until ho could got out again. Tho prcaohor also indulged in parable. Ho represented tho Lord as having lost some of His Hook, and as saying to tho angel Gnbriol, "Gnbrlol, just go down to tho world and seo if you cnn hunt them np." Gnbriol started on his mission, and reported, "Lord, I hear tho shuffling of foot in hore," whon tho Lord replied, "Oh I hone of my flook could bo found thoro ; that is a ballroom," Mr M'Ncill conoludod this illustra- tion by expressing tho hopo that tho Lord would nover sond Gabrlol to look for him in a ballroom. 