SUNDAY READING. God angry with the Hypocrite. "TXTHY should God bo so angry with tlio It hypocrite ? He seems a lame creature to other einners, who, like wild beasts, rugo and raTC, not fearing to open their mouth like so many wolves against heaven, as if they would | tear God out of his throno by their blasphemies and horrid impieties. The hypocrite is not thus ill ed with impudence, to sin at noon-day, and spread his tent with Absalom on the house top: if ho be naught,.it is in a corner; his maiden blush of modesty will not suffer him to declare his sin, uud be seen in tho company of it abroad; nuy be denies liimaolf of many sins which others .maintain, walks in ..exercise of msnv'duties which tho atheistical spirits of the world deride and scorn: why then should the hypocrite, that lives like a saint to others, be more distasteful to him ? Ans. Indeed, tho hypocrite, at first, may be taken for a kind of saint' by such us see only his outside, as he passeth by in his holiday ' dross, which ho is beholding for uU the reputa tion ho hath iu tho thoughts of others, and therefore is fitly by, one called the stranger's • saint, but a devil by'those that know .him better. He is like some cunning cripple, who is fain to . borrow help from art to hide the defects of nature; such as false hair tocover his baldness, an artificial eye to hide bis blindness from others' i sight, and the like: horo is much ndo made to commend him for some beautiful person to others; but what a monster would this man appear, should ono hut sec him through the : koy-hole as ho is when all those are laid aside! Truly, such a one, and far more careful, would the hypocrite be found, when out of his acting robes, which lie makes use of only when he comes forth upon the stage to play the part of saint before others. It wore enough to affright us.only .to see the hypocrite uncased; what then wilt it be to himself when he shall be laid open before men and angels! So odious.this. \- generation is to God, that it is not safe standing . near them: Moses, tbnt know: Iforak, Batkan, and Abirdm, better than the people, who,'taken with their seeming, zeal, llocked after them in : throngs, commands them to depart from the tents of those wicked men, except they had a mind to bo consumed with them; such horrid : hypocrisy he expected vengeance would soon , overtake But, that it may appear to be a sin exceeding sinful, I shall give afew aggravations of it, in which so many reasons will be shown , why it is so odious to God. First. . Hypocrisy is a sin that offers violence to the very light of nature: that light which convinceth us there is a God, tells us he is to be served, and that in truth also, or all is to no purpose. A lie is a sin that would fly in the face of a heathen; and hypocrisy is the loudest lie, because it is given to God himself; so Peter told that dissembling wretch, Acts v.-1, ' Why hath Satan filled thy heart to lie to the Holy Ghost? Thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God.' i Secondly. Hypocrisy cannot so properly be said to be one single sin, as the sinfulness of all .. other sins: it is, among sins, as sincerity among . graces; now that is not one grace, but an orna ment that beautifies ard graces all other graces. The preciousness of fait li is. that it is unfeigned, — and of Iotc, to ho without dissimulation. Thus the odiousness of sin, is, when committed in hypocrisy. Darid aggravates the sin of those companions who made him their table-talk, and could not taste their cheer, except seasoned with .' some jeering at him, with this—that they were 'hypocritical mockers,' Psalm xxxv. 1G: tlioy did it slily, and wrapped up their scoffs in such language as might muko souie think (who did not well observe them) that they applauded him. Thoro is a way of commending, which some liavo learned to use, by which they mean to cast the greatest scorn upon those they hate bitterly, and these hypocritical mockers deserve the chair in preference to all other scorners. Fevers are counted malignant according to the degree of putrefaction which is in them. Hypocrisy is the very putrefaction and rotten-' noss of tho heart; the more of this putrid stuff v.there is in any sin, the moro malignant it is. VjDavid speaks of the iniquity of bis sin; IValm "xxxli, 5,--'I.acknowledged my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have i not hid ; Isnid, Iwill confess my transgression's unto the Lord, and thou forguvest the iniquity of my sin.* Thirdly. Those considerations which may . teem at first to lessen and pare off something from the licinousncss of the hypocrite's sin, that is, that lie walks' in a religions habit, hath a form of piety which others want, performs duties that others neglect; these and the like, are so far from taking from, that they add a farther weight or aggravation to it. Lot us consider the liypocrito in a twofold respect, and . this will appear cither in things ho trades about; or, secondly, in the things ho lays claim to; these are both high and sacred ; and a sin in theso cap bo no ordinary sin. Tho things ho trades in. uro duties of God's worship; the thiogs ho-lays claim to, uro relation to God, interest in Ohrist, consolations of tho Spirit, and tho Jiko; Uicso arc things of high prico; a miscarriage about these must bo somewhat suitable to their high nature. As is the wool, so tho thread and cloth, coarso or fino. The profane person pretends not to theso; he eau not spin so fino a thread, because the work ho v deals in is coarser ; all . his impietiss will hot h&To; so high' prico of wrath set upon thorn, "which ho hath (boipg ignorant of God, and a stranger to tlio ways of God) committed, as tho hypocrite's. Tljo hypocrite trades in tho dptjos of God's worship. «Tu(lns sits down with tho real of the apoatles at|tho pgssover, and bids hiuusolf wel* como as confidently sis if lie were the best guest, the holiest of all th c company. The proud Pharisee gets to Llie temple as soon us the broken-hearted l'ublican. But what work doth the hypocrite make with these things? Sad ■work,"the 1 ord knows, or else God would not so abominate them, as to think he hears a dog bark, or a wolf howl, all the while they are praying- We think David had a curious hand at the harp, that could pacify the evil, raging spirit of melancholy Saul; but what a harsh un happy stroke have they in the duties of God's worship, that are ablo to make the BWccfc, meek Spirit of God break out into fury against them! And no wonder, if we consider but these two things: The hypocrite does no less than mock God in all his duties, and of all things God cai least bear tliat; * God will not bo mocked.1 Christ preached this doctrine, when he cursed the fig tree, which did by its green leaves mock the passenger, making him come for fruit, and go away without any; had it wanted loaves as well as fruit, it had escaped that curse. Every lie is a mocking of liim to whom it is told; because such a one goes to cheat him, and thereby puts the fool upon him: * Behold, thou bust mocked me* (said Delilah to Samson), 4 and told mc lies!' Judges xvi. 10; us if she had said (as is usual upon the like with us), Do you make a fool of me ? I leave it to the I hypocrite to think seriously what he is going to i make of God, when he puts up his hypocritical services. God's command was, none should 1 appear before him empty;' this the hypocrite doth, and therefore, mocks God; he comes indeed full-mouthed, but empty-hearted. As to the formality of a duty, he often exceeds the sincere Christian; he, if any, may truly be called a master of ceremonies; because all that lie: entertains God with in duty, lic3 in the courtship -of his tongue and knee. How abhorrent this is to God, may easily be judged by the disdain which even a wise man would express to be so served; better to pretend no kindness, than, pretending, to intend none. It ! is the heart God looks at in duty; if the wine be good, he can drink it out of a wooden cup; but lot the cup be never so gilded, and no wine in it, he makes account that man mocks him, who would put it into his hand. It was Christ's charge against Sardis, Rev. iii. 2, 41 have not found thy works perfect before God —I have not found them full before God, as the original hath it. Sincerity fills our duty, and all our actions; and mark that phrase, be fore God, which implies that this church re tained such an outward form of devotion, a3 might keep up her credit before men: she had a name to live, but her works were not full before God; he pierced them deeper than man's probe could go. and judgctli her by what he found lier within. The hypocrite performs the duties of God's worship on some ba«e design, and this makes liim yet more abominable to God, wlio disdains to have his holy ordinances prostituted to serve the hypocrite's lust, used only as a strbam .to turn about his mill, and handsomely effect his carnal projects. "When Absalom liad formed his plot within his own natural bosom, and was big with his treason, as ever cockatrice was with her poisonous egg, to Hebron lie goes in all baste, and that, forsooth, to pay an old vow. which, in the time of liis affliction* lie had made to the Lord; 2 Sam. xv. 8. Who would j not think the man was grown honest, when he i begins to think of paying his old debts ? But ! the wretch meant not this ; his errand thither was to lay his treason under the warm wing of religion, 'that the reputation he should gain thereby, might help the sooner to hatch it. Anil I wish that as Absalom died without a son to beep his name in remembrance, so that none had been left behind to inherit his cursed hypocrisy, that the world might have grown into a happy ignorance of so monstrous a sin; but, alas, this is hut a yam wish! this kind of hypocrisy yet lives, yea, comes as boldly to out face God in his worship as ever; many making no better use of tho exercise of it, than some do of their sedans, to carry them unseen to the enjoyment of their lust. And is it any wonder that God, who hath appointed his ordinances for such high and holy ends, should abhor the hypocrite, who thus debaseth them in the scrrico of the devil ? Were you to invite some to a costly feast at your heme, who, instead of feeding on the dainties you hare provided for them, should take and throw all to tli*ir dogs und*r the table, how would you like your guest? The hypocrite is he that casts God's holy things to his dogs. God invites us to his ordinances, as to a rich feast, whero ho is ready to entertain us, in sweet communion with himself; what horrid impiety is it, then, that the hypocrite commits, who, when he is set at God's table, feeds not of those dainties himself, but throws oil to his lusts— some to his pride, and somctohiscovotousncss; propounding no other end in coming to them, than to make provisions for these, as lIamor anil Shechem his son, who when they would persuade the people of their city to submit to circumcision, used this as the greit argument to move them, that they should grow rich by the hand : 11 f every male among us bo circum cised, as thoy are circumcised, shall not their cattle, and their substance, and every beast of theirs be ours ?' Gen. xxxiv. 22. 23. A goodly argument, in a business of such a high nature as coming uudor a solemn ordinance! They rather speak as if they were going to a horse market, or cow-fair, than to a religious duty. Truly, though most hypocrites have more wit than thus to print their thoughts, and let the world read what is writ in their hearts, yet, as Queen Mary said of Calais, if sho were ripped up, it would be found in her heart; so some such low things, us vain-glory, worldly- protit, Ac., would bo found engraven in tho breast of all hypocrites, as that which they aim at iu tho duties of religion. Western Cookies.—One cup qC sour milk, one cup of powdered sugar, a little salt, one tca«poonful of soda; mix us soft as possible; roll thin; sprinkle with sugar; slightly roll out and bnko in a quick oven. Hospital Sunday.—Hospital Sunday was only partially observed at the Tarious city churches lastSunday. Wo believe that this did not arise from any intention of not conforming to the request of the hospital committee, but simply because the circular sent to the several clergymen was at too short notice to allow of the necessary arrangements being made in all eases. It must be remembered that the churches have their own collections, and that these are arranged for some time beforehand, and it may easily have happened that the hospital collection would have interfered with some of these last Sunday. An Outside Opinion,—?oincbody sent me (says "Tantalus" in Uown and Country) several copies of the Queensland "Hansard" of last week. Por our neighbours to the north, whose Governments are such capable borrowers, actually indulge in a daily Parliamentary broadsheet, that the members may be fully reported, I suppose. Nasty talk, bitter invec tive, and unseemly abuse made up the bulk of tire copies referred to, and I feel sorry they were ever sent to me. They destroy another of the delusions which help to make up the sweets of existence. I did believe there was a gentle manly Parliamentary gathering in Australia, In my mind the Queensland Parliament held that honourable position. It isn't so any more. The " debates" were made up of charges of bribery which looted very real, in whieli moneys were paid over by the Government to members who sit and vote, or did sit and vote, with them. Things are bad enough in Sydney, but the charges, counter charges, denials, apologies, withdrawals, &c.;, which make up the "Han sards" from Queensland, surpass in nastiness anything I ever heard within the walls of a Parliamentary building. Distribution of Alms.—A somewhat extra ordinary discussion took place in the Church Synod at Christchurch, on October 23. Sir. Parker is reported by the local prcs to have moved,—"That the Synod regards with interest and anxiety the recent observance of a 1 Charity Sunday' in Christchurch, the alms collected on that day being handed over for distribution to the committee of the Pcnevolencc Association," This, he said, was intended simply to test the feeling of the Synod as to the advisableness of allowing the alms given for the poor to be distributed by a secular organisation. He thought the Church should not give up her power of distributing alms amongst the poor, which had been handed down to her from time immemorial. Rev. Canon Stanford seconded the motion, expressing his entire concurrence with the remarks made by Hr. Parker. 1 he Rev. H. C. Watson moved, asanamcndment,thatthe | word " anxiety" in M r.Parker's resolution be ex punged, and the word " sympathy" inserted. This suggestion was received with applause and laughter; and after a number of members had spoken on the question, the amendment, which 1 had been seconded by the Dean, was carried on | ; the voices. 