THE MAITLAND MERCURY Saturday, February 4, 1882 Maitland Races. (By the Vagrant.) Tuesday and Wednesday next will be regular gala days in Maitland, for those »re the dates choutn by the Northern Jockey Club to hold what perhaps may be its last meeting on the. West Mutland Racecourse Let no one for a moment imagine that the Club is about to collapse, far from it, as it is at the present time in a very prosperous condition, but the Hon John EaleB having Bold theraux ourse with all buildings thoreon, the Club will ia about five months have to Beek " fresh fields .ind pastures new" upon which to hold their meetings, and no doubt their choice will fall upon the old Rutherford lace^ourse Ihe date of the present meeting should have boen May, but, for the reason abovo stated, Tebruary was chosen instead The usual programme was advertized, with the exception that the Two year old Stakes and Nursery Handicap had been cut out, and two handicaps put in their place The events filled remarkably well, considering that almost the same horses were nominated for each event, and there wore no less than eight handicaps on a two days' pro gramme ihe acceptances for the handicaps already published, together with the entries for two othor events, c ime to hand on Thurs day afternoon, and will be found sere under - I hist. Handicap " furlongs Mr It Hack e b h V erdict aged Sat 1" ha J»! Mayos grm Hypatia S years 8at 121bs Jib Mayo8b ra Dagmar 4 yean) 7at 12lba It Cook 8 br f Piracy i years 7at 81bi It J Nowland a b g Hawthornde i G years Cat tlba C 1 Koberta cb g Gamecock aged Gat Clos D I Meka) » b g Itttttler 3 ycais 1st Ulbs t Bali s brf Meditation J year« jst 7lbs The SUBSTiiUTb Handicap Ona mile Mr las Mayo s gr m Hypatia S years 8*tlolbi J Kerr dirt Qm-ensberry 3 years «st lb» Ina Majo al ii Diemar 4 years 7«t 1 lbs J Chambers bj. Omet 5 jean« "«talus \\\ r/orreatersbl Whirlwind S >cara oat 121b» Tt Chapmans brm Cremorne 4 years Cat 31D3 F Lynch a b m N >niu "i yeara ( t albs Dr It 1 Pierce a I i Hitit Nell i ytars Cat lbs Mr U Keniriw a gr i Lady Isal c1 J yeara M ubi Tun NoimiFKV Iocke\ Ctuii Handhai 1 mile jj furlonga Mr P BicnnanabhCieswick I years 8 1lîlbs Tae Mayo a Ar m Hyi ati i 'S year* at 7lba K Chipman a h g Biliaria agid » lbs J Kerrabrri¡ueei btriy lye n ti lbs II He bert s br 1C1rnn.11 4 > tara Gt81bs It Cook a eli c I oc linvar 1 years Git ulbs D 1 Mckay «limltr tannin o years 0 14lba W torreattral i M Mrlwln 1 3 years (.at C r ltobcrts eh li Brilliant Syeais a'1 libs It DwvcrsehcOH Gold 3 ye ira SattSlbs It J Nowland a h g Ha «thorn len li years st Ulbs li Chapman s br m Cremorne 4 j ears list 71bs The 1 mom nANUicvi one mile and a furlong Mr I Kerr a br f Q letnabarry 8 year« Sst It J Nowland a h li Sunlight o ytars "at Olbe Jas Mavo * b 11 Dagmar 4 years 7at8lba I Chambtra h g Comet ytars 7at71ba I! Cook a clio Lochinvar J y eira 7stOlba W lorresterat I Whirlwind 1 ytars oat lOloa (x Allen s br g I lea aged Gat 41bs C 1 Itobtrts a eli ^ Gamecock aged 6et2lbs It Chip nan s brui Cremorne 4 years Gat J Solmuti a b m Banshee .j yeara Sst lSlba D li McKay s b j, Kattlcr 3 years Ost lOlbs Dr It J l'ieree s b 11 t Htlc Nell G years Sst lbs Mr b MoKayabg Whiteloot aged .^tTibs Tiif Duel in iru> Pint bTAh.cs I mile 3 iurlonga Mr I* Brenn« a bli ( re nick 4 yeara Ost 1 Ivory a brh M t rAvtial I > ira Oat It Hack a bh\ cr let aged 7st libs laa iayo a grm Hypatia o yeara at Olbs It Chapman s bg Bulgaria aged 7at41b8 J Dalton a br i 1 willght 3 yeara 7at T Kirra brit) lee i°btrry I years 7st It J Nowlai d a b li buuligbt G yeara 7ft H Herb rta bril Carmen 4 year* Gat lOlbs Jas Mayo a b m Dagmar 4 years 0st8lb3 It Cook s eli o Lochinvar S yiara Cst 71bs Df M'kay's b m Britannia 5 years 6s 7lbs W I orrc'ter a b f W hirlwlnd t ytars Ost .Iba It Dwyer a che Old Gold 3 yeara G«t It I Nowlai 1 a b g II iwthorndin G years nat Ulbs G Allen s br g Idea aged Sst lllbs K Chapman a br Cremorne 1 yeara Sst "iba 1 Lynch s b m Norma 5 yeara j«t71bs J S Imán a b m Banshee .> years st 71ba b M kuy s b g Vi hitefODt aged fist 71bs 1'iukoe of Wills Stvkes G iurlonga Mr 1 Ball 8 br g Hesitation S yeara (£50) \\\ Davis eli g Woodlands S years (nil) Dr R J Pierce a b ni Little Nell aged (¿10) Mr \\\ Nowland abg Reprieve aged <£ U) It DoyleagrgCliclaea(lateSnike) 4 yeara (£30) D Kenfrcw a gr f Lady Isabel J years (¿JO) D F Mackav a eli g Hocket j yeara (¿30) I V Carthy a eli 1 Haven (late Maid ot Morpeth) 3 years U 0) No\el Bace one mile Mr M D&via; ck g Woodlands S yeara (¿5) W Nowlands b g ltpprieve a^e 1 (¿1j) R Doyle a gr g Chelsea (tatt bnake) 4 yeara (£16) D 1 Mackay a oh g Hocket ye ra (£ o) J Moore a b g Spec 4 yeara (¿15) It needs not i second glance to show that Mr Quinton has been successful in his manipulation of the weights, shown by the fact that he has induced the horses at the top of the ladder as well as those on the bottom rung to accept Among the nags may be found the namos of some from the metropolis, Creswick, Master Avenel, Verdict, "Whirlwind, Brilliant, Gamecock, and Car- men G-unnedan is represented by Sunlight and Hawthornden, while the honor of Tamworth will be upheld by Bul gana, Cremorne, and Idea Britannia will worthily fight for Singleton, and Morpeth, Newcastle, and Wallsend send representatives I will not in this issue attempt to finally spot the winners, preferring to wait until Tues- day's iBsue, when I will know a little more I will content myself with a rough selection Verdict's friends have no cause to grumble at his impost of 8st I21bs in the Flying Handicap, last year he carried 7st lOlbs Lome, second to Dagmar Sst Olbs At Parra- matta, on Anniversary Day, he carried 8st 121bs into second position in the Shorts the first time of asking, but the race had to be run over again, and he only finished fourth, but on the Becond day he placed tho Flying Handicap to his credit with 8st Olbs on his back This running shows the son of Kelpie and Bouquet must be very well, and the best of them will have to race on Tues- day Hypatia will hardly start Dagmar, at 7st 121bs must be one of the best treated of the lot, bearing her Newcastle successes in mind, it is true Verdict gave her 291bs at the September races, but she gave him quite a 71b beating, whereas now there is only 141bs. between them, but she should have improved m the meantime Piracy, 7st 81b, is regarded as a moral by some, but again taking a line by Verdict she should be beaten Vanquish defeated Piracy when m receipt of 31b in Sydney, while at Parramatta on Friday, Verdict gave Vanquish 2Glbs and a beating, and beat her easily according to the manner in which the race waa run He is only called upon to give Piracy 18lbB, re- ducing it to Rapid Bay's daughter giving Vanquish 81bs when ehe was unable to give her three On the only obtainable line therefore Verdict should beat her Haw- thornden ou"ht to run the 7 furlongs very fast with but Get 91bs on his back, and the same may be said of Gameco«k, who has been running well m selling races in Sydney of late Rattler is not badly in on hie Newcastle and Wallsend form, and Medi- tation won races at Scone About the beBt three in it are Verdict, Dagmar, and Game- cock, and these I will separate on Tuesday There are nine in the Substitute Handicap, 1 mile, Hypatia 8st lOlbs being at the head ©f¡the hat, and if ehe starts muet give a lot of trouble. Queeusberry meets her on very favourable terms, but the daughter of Algeria appeared to bo a long way off at Newcastle. Comet ran very unkindly at the same place, but should be very close at the end, but is a very bad weight carrier. Poor Whirlwind is but a ghost of her former self; Cremorne hardly possesses enough pace. Norma, or rather Maid of the Lake, seems to be a regular duffer. Little Nell is a speedy little thing, and will run well, and Lady Isabel appears in better form of late. Hypatia, Little Nell, and Comet, should produce the .winner. Thirteen are still left in the N. J. C. Han- dicap, Creswick holding premier position with 8at. 12lbs., and backers will look further and favo worse. As I will have some- thing more to say on the matter, I will not now dilate fully. The best in appear to be Creswick, Hypatia, Carmen, and Britannia. Queensberry is top weight in the Epsom Handicap. Dagmar, Lochinvar, Idea, and Gamecock should produce the winner. Twenty remain in for the Duckenfield Park Stakes, with Master Avenel and Creswick giving weight to everything, and the better of these, which I take to be Avenel, in company with Carmen, the best of Mayo's, and Britannia, should fight it out. Twilight was reported to havebeen scratched, but the facts of the case ard simply these : When the handicaps were first posted at Cohen's Hotel the owner was present, and considering he was badly treated, in the heat of the moment took his peucil and scratched her name out himself, but after he had put his cousidering cap on he decided to let her go in some of the events. This action of Twilight's owner was a mistake, and may have caused a great deal of trouble in wagers. The daughter of The Drummer is not badly off when it is considered how well she has been running lately. Elwell, who generally rides her, has won twelve races out of thirteen mounts on her. On the whole I find the handicaps very puzzling, and some groat finishes should be witnessed. The secretary informs us that Garryowen's nomination was received for the Prince of Wales' Stakes, but had to be rejected, on account of it reaching him too late. 