THE ILOU&GEC;? Justice over whirls with equal moasure, and I think that tho following story is iu proof of tho aphorism. The other day n well known resident of an Adelaide township was pissing down stroet, when he uoticed that a basket of ginger alu had been loft on the footpath out- sido a hotel. It suggested itself to tbo wicked thought of this well known reAidont that oppoitunity makes tho thief, Actuated by this moral reflection, hopiokod up a bottle of the ginger ale aud slipped it into the recesses of tho pocket ot his trousers. Thou i ho walked off as fast he could,— rather re garded In his expedition, howovor, by tlio preaoncoof so bulky a.cargoin such a limited recoptucloaathat iuto whioh hehad thrust it. But ho sped on Ins way ; until, whon he had arrived Home littlo diatanco from tho scone of ; Iiih dopredati(in,tho bottlo burst, the giugor ale , ran down Ins leg, tho broken glass lacerated 'his thigh, and, worse than all, a roar of laugh or .announcod that his action had boon witnessed, and tho spectators fully realised tho equity of its result, Ho ox« plained, of courso, that ho had only taken the ginger ale as a "joka," but such a vory prac tical joko as this so nearly resembles a serious intontiou that I am afraid if this well-known resident bad been brought boforo the " beak," that functionary — lynx oyod though he bo— ;would havo boon unablo to seo it. Howovor, joke or no joko, tho verdict was "Servo hlra .right," : Tho Forbos Times, writing upon tho thirsty subject of drought, renqarks that tho only creatures which soom to thrivo in tho midBt of so much misery aro the crows. Tlio crow here, lilco the raven in the old world, Is the bird which fitly omblomisos dospair. Crows aro tho devil's birds— omens, I think, of iff. Havo you aeon tho brutes follow a flock of sheep across seme arid plain, watching for a straggler ? TIow they swoop on tue poor boast, and peck and wronoli at its carcase, and gougo out its eyas! Thrivo on the drought 1 1 should think so, ovon as lawyers thrive by other peoples' miseries, 1 think that tho moat pathetic picture ia our National Gallory is thatcalled " Anguish," I dcclaro that I havo soinotimes felt inclined to impale each crow .depicted on the canvas with my ponknifo. Yos I have- a "down" upou crows. Thero is no sense of moral responsibility about 'em. They aro marau ders, pirates of tho worst typo, insensi ble to morcy or any highor virtue than appetite, and withal so infornally knowing that if you can got within gunshot of them you'ro a mighty hunter indeed — that is, of course, if your gun isloaded. If it ts'ut, you may stand on ono side of a dead sheep, and your crow, sir, shall stand on tho other,, eyeing you insolently, as though to say, "Now, what do you want poaching on. my manor?" Ye?, you may talk about Mr Archibald ForbCB's oxporiencos in the direction of smelling powdor ; but the Australian crow . I nesuro you, smells powder instinctively, and what is moro, has tbo "savoy" that the war correspondent lacks, and that is, to keep out of the effects of its oxplosion, A crow somehow always reminds mo of a judge— he ' looks so grave, sedate, astute, and, witual, so merciloss, Vivisection in the interests of science may perhaps bo defended by those who are so bound up by soicncoas to have become in- BCUBibloto tho weaknesses of ordinary people. But floying sheep alive for the simple reason " that it is moro expeditious to do so than to wait to kill them, or until they die, is a point upon which themost pronounced advocate of vivisection will bait at onco with the most ihdigunnt supporter of tho Society for the pte- . ventum of Cruelty to Animals, Ib is related in tho Dubbo Despatoh that a largo numbar of travelling sheep havo diodon the plains. Their carcasses havo bcon skinned and left to nutrify and pollute tho air for milos around. This iu.bad enough. But it appears that the gentlo shopherda in charge of these flocks, impatient doubtless to arrive at their deatioa-. liun, or to joy in tho resources of the bush tavern, have not taken the trouble to kill the poor brutes ns thoy fell exhausted on the plain. They skinned 'om aiivo oh 1 as tho oldwomaudid .the oels, arguing that tbo "crittors liked it " It is a fact this, and though I writo lightly, my blood is boiling in my veins. I hope I have no , murderous in stincts, but I do protest that I should think no inoro of dealing roughly : with tho scouudrel whom I discovered acting in' this mou atrocious maunor than I should of shooting rabbit or liauging tho Wagga Wagga school mnstorruffian, whom,' by thoway,;! perceive humaue Government lias respitod troni til gallows. Pshaw 1 whoro is tbo use of build nig chnrcheB and listening to sormohB when tbo devil docs his work unchecked? There— I'm better. % Tho love of " sport " has brought many man to ruin/' I don't think that this fact has .been moro graphically illustrated than in ths case of Bonoy— an aboriginal— a gentleman of btoodthirty tendencies, who. has long been "wanted" by tho. police in a neighboring colony, and has .at .last- satisfied their, yoarn- iiigs. Ho hud committed sovoral murders, but has long evaded ovory effort to capture , him j ovor aud anon whotting tho enthusiasm of his pursuors by adding another critno to his calendar. , It is probable that Bouey might . have jzouo on amusing himself for many a year to' come, living, as a veritable child of nature should, in tho romantic glados and forests of his native laud, had not his passion for the turf cvcrcomo his caution. Bonoy, liko overy aristocrat, loves a horse, and being in tho neighborhood of Sc. Goorgo at raco time, ho weakly yielded to his passion, and determined to visit thoscono of "equina con tention" as tho local scribbler puts it. So Bouey disguisorl himself and hiod him to St. Georgo. 'Alas,. . for Bouey ! Constables Heary and llocho were on tho look-out for Bonoy. His disguiBo was penetrated by ttiose astute officers, and Bonoy'a sport was spoilodindoed. Tho noxt' racecourao ho visits will not bo In this sphere, anyway. The -baugman's knot will shottiy introduce Boney to happier limit ing grounds than ho has come across of lato ; orjolao Boney'a theory— which is porhaps as good as his judges— will be provon to his 'satisfaction, and ho will jump up whito follow, and all the hotter for his transmis sion. ; They do Btrango thing3 in Sydnoy, as woll as 'horoawny." . A policeman, whose teetotal principles five as wall known as his uniform, has been appointed an inspector undor the Board of . Supervisors of Liquor. Tho ipoition is awkward. ; If ho fulfils his duties conscientiously he will taste tho grog'; oh tho# other hand, by fulfilling his 'duties, jho will do violence to his principles, But ' I dara Bay ho will get out of the difli- cnlty, The taster of exporionoe novorswal- loijES tbo liquor ho . tests ; and . so that the grog doos not slip down this gentleman's throat, 1 suppose thnt a fair compromise will be maao. There will be danger, however, in tbo work, and I recommend this teototal in spector to tako caro; or he will have toranew ' his' pledgo undor' vory humiliating cicum- stances, ,J" I had thought that superstition as well as many another notable foiblo of tho sailor had disappeared. Tho days have long passed sinco the spectnclo of tho Flying Dutchman would aroueo tho utmost terror in a sailor's mind. And, in my oxperionco,Ioovor know but haU adozon vory old salts who believed in tho ill luck of sailing from a port of departure 'on a Friday. Howovor, it sooma that tho prejudice still holds with the modern sailor. About a month ago tho .barque Oumpsio Glen sailod fromTimaru, in Now Zealand, bound for Novcastle. On the trip tho skipper cut his throat. Tho raato did his best to proservo tho body,' and did bo for somo twelve days, when tho crow demanded its burial. It is related that during the whole timo the corpso was on board no man would keep watch alono, Ono night a squall caught the barquo, and tbo booby hatch was dis placed. TMb so terrified the man at tho wbeol, who believed that tho ghost of tho captain was coining up from below, that he loft tho barquo to steer herself, ana bolted incontinently into tho forecastle. And, of course, tho faot of having sailed upon a Friday fully accounted for tho disasters of tho voyago. 