JEHE TALLANGATTA AND MOYHTJ RAILWAY LINES. Jfe is impossible to say what will be the JBltimaie fate of the Railway Bill which las just passed the Assembly, as some of Ihe. lines are so plainly the result of log- follmg that thoy will ba severely JBcrutiniscd by the Upper House, and a few of them, at all events, struck out of l&e; measure before it- finds its way back JO -the other chamber. It- .is. notorious that several lines were not wanted at all, 'and were formed only as a kind of com promise — by way, in fact, of exchange Jbatween members interested each in fjavicg a lino to his own district. It is fcqualiv well known that several districts ipbich had strong claims to consideration jfeeeiveil none ; ' while others did not re ceive as ranch as they are justly en titled. ' This was almost inevitable in the ; general scramble ; and, indeed, the very ' foundation of the bid in the fertile brain p£ it j organisation w&s; to satisfy bo many i members that a majority would be secured for its main provisions. Doubt less, the same feeling will, to a certain extent, be evinced in the Council, and if the stay of the measure in that House be prolonged over the election of the new members, this will, of course, be greatly intensified. But, in the amendments, it is quite likely that the members of that body will not only excise some of the superfluous lines, but adcl otoers wlicij are really pressingly wanted, but were not backed by sufficient influence in the Lower House to carry them through. It therefore behoves the people and repre sentatives of these districts to be on the watch, so that our strong claims to far ther railway extension will not be left without proper advocacy, should the oc casion and opportunity arise. There are two lines to which wo would direct the particular attention of our members , one being a line to Tallangatla, with a branch to Bethanga, the other a branch from the North-Eastern railway to the Upper KiDg at Moyhu. With regard to the first, there is a provision in the bill for an extension from Wodonga to Huon's-Laue, but this would pass by Bethanga ai a distance of five or six miles, and would stop 6hort of Tallangatta by abont ten miles. We should much like to see an active move ment set on foot, and a petition to the Council got up to have a . branch to Bethanga, and the construction carried on at once the whole way to Tallan gatta. The facts and arguments in favor of these demands are incontestible ; but there are exceptionally urgent reasons for carrying out both at once. The Bethanga mines are laugaishing chiefly through the want of ready com munication ; while Tallangatta is on the road to the newly discovered gold and tin mines on the Upper Murray ; and the agricultural and pastoral resources of this vast and teeming region are so great that a railway would pay hand over hand from tho very moment it was opened. The line would also pay the State individually, as well as directly, by giving an immense impetus to naming, and, of course, increasing agricultural settlement. The present population of the Shire of Towong i3 probably under 5000 : It was only 8310 by the census of 3rd April, ISSi. It is a long way within the mark to say that the mines and soil of tho bills and valleys between the Kiewa Rivor and the head i of the Murray are capable of supporting a population of a quarter of a miilioa. The mines of gold, copper and tin are practically unexplored, as the country is virtually unsettled. We trust Mr Peter Wallace will, as the member for Be- nainbra, contiuue to press the claims of that grand country, and ibrow no chance away of haviiig the extension all the way to Tallangatta introduced into the present bill. An Upper King line to Moyhu has also strong claims to immediate con sideration. These claims have been already admitted by Mr Bent, on the irro- fragible statistics and testimony set before him by the Moyhu Railway League. That body should not, however, rest satisfied merely with the Minister's admission, and the line should be made one of the test questions at the election for the Province at the end of next month, if the matter has not then been already settled. It is really too bad, when we hear of lines being constructed to " nowhere," and ending at tho same place, to think that such as those above mentioned, tipping hills and valleys rich in every gift of nat-uro, should be sacrificed to the wire-pullers and rings who manage to gat all the good things, whether from Ministers or Parliament. Telegraphic. — It may interest our readers to know that the . news of the victory of Navigator in the Derby on Saturday was received at Beuter's office in Wellington, N.Z., before the winning jockey had dismounted, the actual time occupied in transmission from the Flemingiou course being less than five minutes, reports the " Argus." Such a feat of telegraphy over a distance of nearly 2000 miles has scarcely ever been equalled, and it reflects great credit on the Victorian and other telegraph departments. New Garibaldi Gold Company, Rutherglen. — The first half-yearly meeting of this company was held at its office, Collins-street, Melbourne, on Monday. There was a moderate attend ance of shareholders, and .the chairman of directors (Mr W. E. Adcocb) occupied the chair. The mining manager's report, which was of a mo3t encouraging nature, was received and adopted, together with that of the directors. The balance-sheet, which was presented and- also adopted, showed that the total expenditure for the six months ending September 30, amounted to £349, leaving a credit balance of £454 on hand. Concert and Ball. —A concert and ball was held at Granite Flat, in aid of the Ovens District Hospital, on the night of Friday, the 27tli ult., and despite the thunderstorm during the afternoon, the attendance was unusually large ; Scale's Assembly Rooms, where it was held, being uncomfortably crowded. The programme, which was a long one, was gone through witli very fair spirit on the part of tlie performers, all of whom seemed to do their best to serve the end of so charitable l purpsse. The chief attraction of the musical evening, however, was Miss Lewis, who, as usual, sang with great Eeeling and decided effect, "The Blind Girl to her Harp," for which, after long and continued cries of "Encore," she sang with beautiful rendering, sing me an English Song," in the first part ; and in the second part she sang " The Bridge" with great pathos and command of voice. Miss L. Lewis also sang, with good taste and feeling, " Sweet Dreams fee Thine," singing, as an encore, "Genevieve," as sisted in the chorus by Miss Lewis. "Merry Minstrels," " Tired" (encore), and "The Minstrel Boy," were also ren dered by Miss Lewis and Miss L. Lewis in their very best style, and were received vith great applause. Miss Lafontaiue was likewise worthy of notice for the marked improvement on previous occasions. The farces of "The Stupid Servant" and " Love in the Kitchen" were excellent, and Messrs Spar go and Francis are cer tainly to be complimented on their suc cess. The programme having been gone through, the room was cleared of all unnecessary obstacles, aud the votaries of Terpsichore indulged in their wonted pleasure with great energy till a late hour next morning. Towards the close of the ball Mr Bainbridge, who had arranged the night's amusement, returned thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had gratuitonsly assislcd, and gave a very favorable account ! of the sum of money that had been raised ! by the performance, luncheon and raffles. Third Beechworth Building Society. — The usual monthly meeting of this so- < ciety will bo held this (Thursday) evening. ' Wool and Stock Crossings. — The fol lowing are the wool and stock crossings at Wahgunyah from the 23rd to the 30th ult. : — Wool : Cudgewa, 2 ; Hay, 105 ; Urana TN, 50 ; Boree Creek JJ, 60 ; Bunygaa, 33 ; 0 TT ; Tinimes, 4 ; Nan- gunia. 46 ; C4I, 21 ; NOW, 75 ; Cocket- gedong, GS ; GS 9 ; IIS, 4 ; Bundure, 148 ; FWI3, 15 ; JAW, 36 ; Double heart, 9 ; Goonambie, 9 ; Momulov.g, 32 ; Killeri, 25 ; 44 W, 8 ; FB, 13 ; Howlong W, 18 ; Tereinia, 35 ; Urangeline, 104. Stock : Culley, 10 horses ; O'Brien, 27 horses ; Moras, 10 fat cattle ; McNab, 29 fat cattld ; Moras, 350 fat sheep ; Drover, 120.fat sheep. V Lunatic. — At the Beechworth Police Court on Monday afternoon Peter Boyle wa3 brought before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., charged with lunacy, and on the medical testimony of Drs Fox and Skinner was committed to the Lunatic Asylum. Fire at Rutherglen. — A fire occurred on Monday evening last, about 8 o'clock, on the premises of Mr William E. Dowd, storekeeper, Main-street, Rutherglen. Before any assistance eould be given to try to extinguish the flames, they had got too great ahold of the building, which was a weatherboard one, and it was im possible to get near the burning store ; the whole place having been burnt to the ground within fcalf-an-hour. When Mr Dowd left the store everything appeared all right, and much sympathy is felt towards him, seeing that he had not been long in business, and his premises and stock were only partially covered by insurance, and, as far as we can under stand, not to half the amount of the loss," and he had just received on Monday ever £100 worth of new stock. The Visit of the All-England Eleven. — The following letter has been received by Mr Walter Veitch, the hon. secretary of the Beechworth Cricket Club, from the secretary of" the Mel bourne Cricket Club : — " Dear Sir, — In reply to. your favor of the 2Gth inst., asking the terms for a one day's match at Beechworth with the English Eleven under the Hon Ivo Bligh, I am to ask you to make an offer of a lump sum ; you pav ing all expenses at Beechworth during the two days the team would be there (or portions of two days). It is impossible to name any date when the visit could ba made. For your guidance, I may inform you that I have offers of from £100 to £225 for two days' matches. — Yours truly, — B. J. Wardill, secretary." A meet ing of the members of the Beechworth Club, to take the matter into considera tion, will be held on Monday evening. A Vagrant.— A man named Thos. Odell was on Wednesday charged at the Beech worth Police Court, before Mr W. H. Fos ter, P.M. , with vagrancy; andas liesuffered from epileptic fits, the unfortunate fellow, who has been roaming the streets of ihe town in a more or less drunken state dur ing the past few days, was remanded un til the foil,, wing day for medical treat ment. Trust Estate. — Tenders are elsewhere invited for the purchase of the assets in the trust estate of Robert Manning, of Albury, brewer, including book debts and about an acre of freehold land on which is erected the Hume Brewery. The Samuelson Beater and Binder. — According to announcement, a trial of the above machine toek- place on the farm of Mr Thomas Swan, One Mile Creek, Wangaratta, on Monday last. The crop, which was a field of brown oats, being cut for hay, was a very poor one, standing low, uneven, and, on tho whole, ex ceedingly thin ; in fact, as everyone on the ground admitted, it would be im possible to conceive a harder test for any machine. Yet the work done was really first-class ; the machinery workedsinoothly; not a head was left standing on the ground operated upon ; the sheaves were each bound securely with a firm knot, and then, not thrown off, but allowed to slide gently on to the ground from the machine. The trial was in every way highly satis factory ; every farmer we ("Dispatch") conversed with on the ground speaking in terms of the highest praise of the work done. Mr Phillipsou took a great many orders for machines on the ground, and it is doubtful whether the demand during the next four, weeks will not exceed his capabilities to keep up the supply. Albury Quarter Sessions. — This court will bs opened by His Honor Judge Forbes at 10 a.m. on Friday, the 3rd inst. Mr Pitcairn is the Crown Prosecutor for the district. Up to last Monday the judge had a fair prospect of a pair of white gloves, but on that day .a case of theft was brought in from Piney Range, and on Tuesday it was committed for trial. A case of larceny was also committed for trial on the same day. It is not yet known whether the case of the man Michael Noo- nan, who escaped from Albury Gaol, will be proceeded with or not at this court, we learn from the "Post." The District Court will be held on Monday next. THE NORTH-EASTERN PROVINCE. — The "Government Gazette" contains a list of polling-places for the Provinces. The following is the portion of the notice re lating to the North-Eastern : — For the Chiltern division the polling-places are Barnawartha and Doma Mungi ; Ruther glen— Gooramadda, Rutherglen, Cornish Town, Lilliput, Norong ; North Ovens— Springhurst, El Dorado, Boorhouian, Docker's Plains, Tarrawingee : Beech worth — Stanley, Bowman's Forest, YVbor- agee, Everton ; Bright — Harrietville, Freeburgh, Wandiligong, Buckland, Myrlleforcl ; Oxluy— Whorouly, Greta, Bobinawarra, Whitefield ; Benalla — Mokoan, Devenish,- North Winton, South Wangaratta (within the division), Moorngag, Tatong, Dookie, Warrenbayne, Broken Creek, Samaria ; Euroa— Kialla East, Kialla West, Caniambo, Arcadia, Karramoraus South, Miepoll, Marra- weeny, Stratnoogie oouin, uongwooa, Molka, Moglonemby, Violet Town ; Yarrawonga — Peeciielba, Boomabnoo- moonah, Boweya, Bathumi, Cobrara, Boosey North, Katandra, Bnrramine South; Tungamah, St. James, Youarang North, Waggarimdall West, Yarroweyah, N ar in ganin galoo k , Dunbulbalane, Kata- matite, Yabba Yabba ; Shepparton— Pine Lodge West, Wunghuu, Mundoona, Talla- garoopna, Congupna, Numurkah, Strath- merton, Natkalia, Yeilima, Ynlca, Kaa- rimba, Katunga ; Mansfield— Doon, Mer- ton, Howqua West, Maindample, Merri- jig ; Howqua — Mack's Creek, Gaffney's Creek, Loyola; Goulburn— Nagambio, Darsalong ; Seymour — Avenel, Talla- rook. THE OMEO MAIL. — The new mail con tracts between Bairnsdale and Brutheu and Omeo were commenced on Monday. Mr O'Reilly lias the Bruthen service, and Messrs! Cobb and Co. the Omeo service. The mails leave Bairnsdale as formerly, viz., on Monday, Wednesday and Friday evenings at S o'clock, and are delivered in Omeo at 7 o'clock the ft-llow- ing evening. The return m:'s reach! Bairnsdale cn Tuesday, Th irsd Saturday, states the " Ad — Presentation. — On the conclusion of | choir practice at St-. Matthew's, Albury, I last Friday, the Vicar, the Rev. J. D. Ad- cocks, on behalf of the members ©f the choir, presented Mr and Mrs James Henderson with a handsome album, bear ing an inscription expressing the regret experienced by the subscribers at their approaching departure from Albury, states the "Border Po3t." The Vicar, in making the presentation, spoke in hearty terms of the los3 which would be incurred by the choir in the departure of two such valuable members as Mr and Mrs Hender son. Mr Henderson acknowledged the ; presentation in suitable terms. The Heathen Chinee. — The "World" relates that a Victoriau Chinaman who wished to do reverence to hi3 brother at the grave of the latter in the Albury Ceme tery, New South Wales, found himself stopped at the border by the toll tax col lector. Not to be done, he spread the ordinary feast of pork and gin on the river bank (Victorian side), turned his face, in the direction of Albury, and made the requisite prostrations. The Gipp.sland Province. — The fol lowing are the polling-places in the undermentioned divisions of ihe Gipps- land Province : — Yackandandah division — Kiewa, Tawanga, Dederang, Barna wartha (within the division). Towong division— Bethanga, Corryong, Tintaldra, Granya, the Junction of Snowy Creek and Mitta River, Eskdale. Omeo division — Junction of Swift's Creek and Tambo River, Benambra. A Potato Exhibition;— Here is a hint to the programme committees of agri cultural shows. A correspondent of the Camperdown "Chronicle" "cannot help thinking that at present potato exhibi tions are., not- doing the good which i3 generally credited t© them. The new varietiesas they are introduced are steadily losing quality as compared with some of the older English varieties. Some of the leading prize winners are positively unlit for food, and especially is this the cas6 in bad seasons like the present. Th-y are all that can be desired in size and shape, and also heavy croppers, and great favorites with the kitchen- maid who has to clean them, a3 their smooth' skins, size, and freedom from eyes giveflittle trouble in paring ; but the cook's art is thrown atvay upon them. I think that if good prizes for cooked pota toes were freely given at shows, it would to a great extent bring those varieties which possess good cooking qualities more prominently before the gardening world. This is being done rt some local shows already, and I have noticed that the cooked potatoes attract more attention than the others. In a contest of this kind, what chance would the celebrated international kidney, or the Vicar of Lalcliam, and other well known prizetakers, have against the old lapstonb kidney, fluke, ashleafs, or Paterswn's Victoria, and many other old sorts that are now so seldom seen inside an exhibition tent." Auction Sale. — Mr George Phillipscn, junr., auctioneer, reports having sold at Greta on Saturday last the farm lately owned and occupied by Mr John Mur doch, to Mr Thomas Smith, of Greta, at a satisfactory price. It is a pleasing circumstance to see the land fall into the hands of a much respected resident. The whole stock, .furniture, dairy utensils, and belongings to the farm met a ready sale at highly satisfactory prices ; in fact, many of the articles fetched more than they cost when new, reports the " Dispatch." The biddings throughout were spirited, and the settlements good, which speaks well for the prosperity of the neighbor hood. Cultivating the Mimosa. — The " Argus" has received the followingfrom a correspondent : — "Inquiries of a most important nature are being set on foot with regard to the growth of the mimosa or wattle bark for tanning purposes, with a view of obtaining the bark from the tree without causing its destruction. It appears there is a demand springing up for its seed in Ceylon for the dual purpose ®f cultivation aud for shelter for other shrubs and trees. Connected therewith it lia3 recently beea discovered with regard to the cultivation of tlie cin chona, ©r the Peruvian tree of commerce, that the bark may be excised or taken off without destroying the tree. It., had previously been discovered that its active principle is confined to the outer bark, and the inner bark, so far as the bitter principle for the production of quinine is concerned, is perfectly useless. It, there fore, comes about that in place of the trees being, peeled, as formerly, they are an nually shaved with a spokeshave, and the bark is remsved without causing any damage to the tree. Now, if the mimosa in Australia could be treated in a similar manner, a great deal of the anxiety of the tanners with regard to the gradual de struction of it would be removed, and if the tanning principle exists in its outer cuticle, as in the cinchona, and can be treated similarly, a great stride will have been made towards solving tho dilemma wherewith the trade is encompassed." Fearful Cruelties at Sea. — The fol- lowing frightful incidents are said -to have taken place on board the American ship Gatherer during a voyage from Antwerp to "Wilmington : — " A seaman was so badly beaten that lio was laid up for months ; the eyes of anotl er man were nearly put put, and his mcuth so badly injured that eating and speaking 'were rendered very painful. A third was lashed to the rail and beaten and bruised by the chief officer, who broke his nose with a pair of brass knuckle- dusters. A heavy capatau bar was lashed to the back of John Burns, the mate compelling him to stride up and down the deck, and at the same time kickiug the helpless sailor as he passed. Another of the crew com mitted suicide. One man went mad after being struck by the mate on the head, and placed in confinement and deprived of food for five days. Another sailor, having been partially stripped, was fas tened by a strap to his waist, hoisted up the mizzen stay, and held head downwards till black in the face. The second mace drove another of the crew half crazy by beating him about the head, shoulders and legs with knotted ropes. The flagel lation was so severe that the flesh was cut from his lags in chunks, and his entire body was a mass of bruises and sores. The mate ordered him aloft to bend the sails, aud the poor fellow, with tears in his eyes, obeyed, but being exhausted and weak lie fell into the sea from tho mizzen." The chief officer has just been arrested in Queenstown, whither he had escaped from America. The captain has been arrested in San Francisco. Accident. — On Saturday morning Mr Wakeford met with an accident by which he had his ankle fractured, an incised wound on the arm, and severe bruising to his head aud back. He was engaged re moving an old platform in a shaft at the Golden Bar, Chiltern, states the " Standard," when a piece of timber on which he was standing gave way suddenly, and before he had time to catch a rope that was suspended for the -purpose of J support. This was fifty feet from the j boi- " : " V" w1"'"1, h« fell,! Cricket. — A match will be played at Everton on Saturday, 4th inat, between ; the local and Beechworth cricket clubs. A six-horse coach has been engaged to leave Beechworth at noon, and persons desirous of witnessing the match may secure return tickets for the sum of 33, previous to Saturday. A fine opportunity for a pleasant afternoon's outing is thus offered, and wo have no doubt a large Humber will avail themselves ©f it. The visiting team will be chosen from Veitch, Bullen, Brett, Ryan, Goldswortby, Foster, Scobie, White, Perry, Hannaford, Fox and Swan. Mr F. Vale was act as umpire, and Mr McDonald as scorer, for Beech worth. Melbourne Stock Market. — Messrs Richard Gibson and Co. report by tele graph on Wednesday : — Fat Cattle. — 1100 yarded to- day, all from Victoria, with ex ception of one lot. The supply being short, the demand was brisk, and prices advanced from 15s to 20s ; the market closing firm. We sold 150 head for various owners. Fat Sheep. — Although 15,000 were penned up, all sales were readily effected at 6d per head advance upon previous rates. The preserving company and graziers materially assisted. The market being clear, we sold 3500 best pens of bullocks at £12 to £13 ; best merino wethers, 9s to 10s. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The usual meeting of the committee of management of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum was held on Wednesday evening last.. Present : Mr J. Ingram, in the chair, and Messrs Morrison, Mitchelson, Goldsworthy aud Warren. The minutes of the former meeting were read and con firmed. A letter was received from Mr J. Younger, asking for an increased price on liis contract for supplying potatoes ; the request was not entertained. The usual reports were read. The honorary trea surer's monthly financial statement showed a bank overdraft of £334 16s 2d. The collector's report was read, showing receipts for the month of October amounting to £7G 5s Gd, which included £20 12s Gd from the employes of tho Chiltern Valley - Gold- mining Company ; and it was decided to request the contri butors to nominate an annual governor of the asylum. Monthly accounts amount ing to £193 4s 5d were passed for pay ment. A list of requirements for the house, estimated to cost £9 12s 9d, were . ordered to be procured. The meeting then adjourned. Lecture. — The Rev. Thomas Jame3 on Tuesday evening in the Town Hall, Beechworth, delivered his clever aud highly entertaining lecture on "Heads and Faces." In the absence, through indisposition, of MrF. Brown, Mr Warren was voted to the chair. Tbo audience was not as large as was anticipated, owing to tlie boisterous weather prevailing during the early part of tho evening, which no doubt debarred many who purposed being present from leaving tlieir homes. Children's Picnic. — The children attending the Wesleyan Sunday-school, Beechworth, were on Wednesday treated to a pleasant outing at a picnic at Baar- rnutha Park, on the occasion of the school's twenty-eighth anniversary. After thoroughly enjoying themselves for about five hours at tlie park, in sports and games organised for their amusement, they marched back to the schoolroom, and par took of an excellent tea. Fire-brigades' Demonstration. — At a meeting of delegates from the varieus fire- brigades of the colony hold in Melbourne on Wednesday, for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements for tho next brigades' demonstration, it was decided to hold the demonstration at Sandhurst on the 14th and 15th March, 18S3 ; a torch light procession to take place on the night of the 13th. The Bishop of Melbourne on Bazaar. Raffling. — During one of his pleasant conversations this week, Dr Moorhouse was asked by some of the ladies of Hamil ton to give his opinion upon bazaar rafHes as conducted for the benefit of churches or charitable objects. The Bishop readily complied, reports the " Spectator,'' and said that he regarded these raffles, when straightforwardly conducted, as an em bodiment of "co-operative purchase," superadded to the principle of'" determi nation by lob," both of which operations were perfectly harmless and legitimate. A number of persons combined together to purchase an article — there was nothing wrong in that. Having subscribed enough money to purchase it, they next proceeded to determine by lot which of them should enjoy the possession of that article, and this was a mode of deciding quite in ac cordance with Scripture precedent, as witness the case of Matthias. Some of the Bishop's hearers asked him whether sweeps on tho Melbourne Cup, or other ventures recognised as gambling, could not be justified by the same process of ratiociuatioa, but the Bishop distinctly answered " No," and proceeded to show the difference. Said His Lordship, "There is no consideration given by the gambler. The man who risks his monev in that way expects to win your3, and vice versa, without anything being given in return ; whereas in a bazaar raffle, every owner of a ticket holds a beneficial interest in tlieir common property, which is actually pur chased. As everyone cannot be the pos sessor of the article, it is necessary to determine who shall take it, and there is no fairer way of deciding than by casting lots." , A Go-As-You-Please Charge. — The following comes from" Georgia, and it3 accuracy is vouched for by tlm steno grapher who took it "down Judge — was noted for the way he got mixed in his charges to the jury. On one occasion a case was. tried before him, the poinrs of which may be briefly stated thus : — Smith brought a suit against Jones upon I a promissory note given for a horse. I Jones' defence was failure of consideration, he averring that at the time of the purchase the liorse had the glanders, of which lie died, and that Smith knew it. Smith replied that the horse did not have the glanders, but had the distemper, and that Jones knew it when he bought it. The judge charged the jury : "Gentle men of the jury, pay attention to the charge of the court. Yon have already made one mis-trial of this cose because you did not pay attention to the charges of the court, and I don't want you to do it agaiii. I intend to make it so clear to you this time that you canr.ai possibly make any mistake. This suit is upon a note given for a promissory horse. I hope 3-0u understand that. Now, if you find that at the time of the sale Smith had the glanders and Jone3 knew it, Jones cannot recover. This is clear, gentlemen. I will Btate it again. If you find that at the time of the sale. Jones had the distemper and Smith knew it, then Smith cannot possibly recover. Bur, gentlemen, I will state it the third time, that you cannot possibly make a mistake. If at the lime of the sale Smith hacl the glanders and Jones liad the distemper, and the horse knew it, then neither Smith, Jo""" unr the horse can -o-.v«u\ Lt" . . a to tb- ' The Worm as an Article of Diet. — Not only has the intellect of the worm been sadly unappreciated for centuries till Mr Darwin rehabilitated that sagacious reptile, but it appears now (remarks the "Pall Mall Budget") that his value as a viand has also been grossly misunderstood and underrated. A group of French gourmets, whose object it is to do for tho cookery of the future what Wagner is do ing for its music, are happily following up the labors of Darwin in this direction, and having recently tried this tempting morsel, have communicated to a grateful public the result of their first researches. Fifty guests were present at the experiment. The worms, apparently lob worms, were first put into vinegar, by which process they were made to disgorge the famous vegetable mould about which wo have re cently heard so much. They were then rolled in batter, and put into an oven, where they acquired a delightful golden tint, aud, we are assured, a most appetis ing smell. After the first plateful the 50 guests rose like one man and asked for more. Could anything be msrtj convinc ing ? Those who love snails, they add, will abandon them for ever in favor of worms. And yet M. Monselet, the great authority in Paris, has told us sadly that no advances have been made in the great art of cookery since Briilat- Savarin, and that all enthusiasm on the subject died ©ut with Vatel when he committod suicide because the fish had not arrived for the Royal dinner. A Giant. — " Marian, the Giant Amazon Queen from the Thuringian Mountains," says the " Scotsman,1' "although she is still growing, lias got a formidable rival. One Jean Gondoist has been brought to Paris as a medical curiosity from the Haute Saone, and has this advantage over her, that he is not only still growing, but growing visibly. According to a medical contributor to a Parisiau contemporary, thi3 youth, aged 19, toek a start oil the 17th May, 1881, being then G feet 3 inches high, and found one morning that he had grown an inch. Every week since then he has registered himself, ancl on the 1 4th of September this human beanstalk had gained nearly 5 inches ; he grew 5 inches more before tho 20th of January, 1S82, and seven more before loth March, and lie now stands 7 feet 10 inches. All this has been accompanied by great I pains in the back, and ho stoops considerably; but since lust June it is his legs only that have grown, and his feet are already 24 inchos long. It would be interesting to know liow he goes upstairs ; perhaps, like Cetewayo, he finds it awkward. He is very despondent, and has already come to the conclusion that his end is not far off. He does not regret it, as, being unable to do anything like other meu, he would be , too miserable." The Population of the World. — According to the latest data giveu by Drs Behm and Wagner in a new edition of their well-known collection of statistics, Bev'dlkerung der Erne, the following are the populations of the varions continents — Europe, 327,743,300; Asia, 795.581,000; Africa, 205,823,200; Amerida, 100, 415,400; Australia and Polynesia, 3,232,000 ; Polar Regions, 82,500 ; total, 1,433,837,500. As tlie population given two years ago was 1,455,92-3,500, it seems at first sight as if during that shwrt time there had been a decrease of upwards of 22,000,000. But this is more than explained by the diffe rence of 55,000,000 between the popula tion of China as given in the present issue and that in the previous one ; so that there is an actual increase of 33,000,000. Indeed, it is pointed out in the preface that the latest increase in all those coun tries that have taken censuses within the last- two years amounts to 32,000,000; and as most of these censuses are decen nial, this increase may be Tegarded as that of ten years. That these figures cor respond to an actual addition to the inha bitants of the earth, it would, perhaps, be rash to maintain ; in America, for in stance, and the British colonies, the ele ment of emigration must bo taken into account, and in India additions to British territory. The following are areas and populations of the principal countries of Europe : — Germany, 45,234,061 inhabi tants ; Austria, 22,144,244; Hungary, 13.695.185 ; Holland, 4,060,580 (esti mate) ; Belgium (estimate), 5,43G,654 ; Great Britain and Ireland, 35,246,562 ; Switzerland has 2,840,102 ; France, 37.321.186 ; Spain, lG,725,Sed ; Portugal (including Azores and Madeira), 4,550,699; Italy, 2S, 452, 639 ; Greece, 1,979,423 ; Roumania, 5,376,000 ; Danish kingdom, 2,096,400 ; Sweden, 4,565,668; Norway, 1,913,500 ; Russia, 83,626,590 inhabitants, whereof European Russia has 74,493,809 ; Poland, 7,104,760 ; Finland, 2,028,021. Adulterated Pepper. — Persons who like to season their food with popper must have remarked (says the '" Po3t") how difficult it is nowadays to get anything like good pepper. What is commonly sold has very little heat in it, and to be of any use a dish requires a. large amount before it becomes seasoned. The secret is now out, aud although the public natu rally anticipate their sugar being saudod. and other adulterations being committed by dishonest grocers, it will be news to them that .when they buy pepper they get mostly rice and pollard. In the Sydney District Court on Monday week, during the hearing, of the case Hogg v Cliec-ss- man, the." Daily Telegraph" says it .was stated that some pepper had been sent tc be. ground, and that when returned if consisted for the m'ost part of rice and pollard. One of the lawyers was moved to tears' when lie tasted it. He said it reminded him of his old heme long ago — where porridge was the staple meal. Another solicitor said that things in the pepper line were not what they seemed — that the adulteration of the sneeze-elicit ing condiment was a common practice — rice and pollard being used for that pur pose, wilh a little chili to retain the pris tine heat. Food Adulteration. — The eccentrici ties of adulteration have been made the subject of a delicate satire by a German writer in the following neat little fable : ,i! There were once four flies, and, as it happened, they were hungry one morning. Tho first settled upon a sausage of singu larly appetising appearance, and made a hearty meal. But lie soon died of intesti nal inflammation, for the sausage was adulterated with aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the stomach, owing to the inordinato quantity of alum with which the flour hnd been adulterated. The third fly was slaking his thirst with the contents of the milk-jug, when vio lent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, and he soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing this, the fourth fly, muttering co himself, 'The sooner it's over the sooner to sleep,' alighted on a moistened sheet of paper exhibiting the counterf-hi presentment of a death's head and the inscription, 'FJy Poison.' Apply ing the tip of his proboscis to this device, the fourth fly drank to his heart's content, growing more vigorous and cheerful at every mouthful, although expectant of his end. But he did not die. On the con -.arir )v. rhrriv.. aud W;iX(':i fat v "see ovpn Etiquette of Journalism it ;q unwritten law, well understood! journalism, that no editor is undee slightest obligation U give ;; rea le lus acceptance or imn-accoptaoce of I manuscript. He is no, called „J f write a private critique on , t0 the author of it. His acceptance rejection is an absolute and ui.que.-tionable fact. Among amateur writeis )l.;0 i not appear to be nnd'T t V editors and reporters undcrsr-ufd tlm ;I is an m.just.fiabh impertinence to Li- the managing edit...- bis reason for publishing or not publishing any m,.,® submitted to his judgment. OuKLlf writers and aspiring amateurs rS seem to comprehend this truth tlieir transgressions are largely' fr, ignorance rather than inattention. Th nature of editorial work requires absolute power of decision, m order to pre ',® the unities of the journal the cdit2 conducts, remarks an exchange -N-— A..,» imtrrnnea, called tne Sub-marine detector" is thus described by " The Times" :-"Tlie im. portance of being able readily to discover the- locality of a submerged torpedo or a metallic obstruction in time of war or of lost anchors, chaim, or electric cables in time -of peace can hardly be over estimated, aucl hence the value of the sub-marine detector, the working of which we have recently seen demonstrated This instrument is the invention of Captain M'Evoy, who is well-knoMi in connection with submarine engineering and torpedoes, into which ho has from time to time introduced some very marked improvements. The apparatus coiis-ats of a small mahogany box, a vibrator similar to that employed in electric bells for making and breaking contact, and a telephone. To this box is attached a given length of.fiexibla cable, with four conducting wires in it. To the other end of this cabin is attached a flat wu.«!en case, in wnich there are two coils. This case is weighted so that it will readily sink when placed in the water. Tbera are also terminals on the box for a-tach- ing battery wires ; an arrangement for puttiug ou and cutting off the current is provided. There are two complete circuits through the box cable and wooden case; the one primary "and other recon- dary. The battery, jhe vibrator, one coil in the box, and one coil in the wooden case, are in the primary circuit;, while the telephone, one oil in the box aud one coil in ihe wooden case are in the secondary circuit. When the battery is on, the coiU in the box are adjusted so that little or no noise from the make- and- break action of the vibrator is heard in the telephone. When tluu adjusted the instrument is ready for work, and if the wooden case is then brought near a metallic body a loud noise is heard in the telephone, thus indicating the promixity ancl locality of such a body. The principle to the detection of the presence of .metallic bodies through the sense of hearing has been worked out in a very ingenious and equally practical" manner. The inslru- mer.fc cannot fail to prove invaluable in discovering aud locating the position of the objects we have mentioned, as well as indicating the whereabouts of sunken ships, helping to recover treasures, and in assisting generally the operations of the divers." A German Attack on Russia.— A Russian officer, writing in the " Golos" of St Petersburg, discusses the chances of a German attack oil Russia. By the law ef the 6th of March, 1880, he says Germany has increased her army by 25 000 men in time of peace and 85,000 in case of war, so that she can now place a force of 1,643,000 men in the field. Her engineer department has diverted nearly all its energies from the fortifications on her western frontier to those on the north and north-ea3t. Posen, Tliorn, Konigsburg and Kiel ate now among the strongest places in Europe, and new works will shortly be erected at Memel, Pillan, Stralsund and Wismar. Berlin is being protected by the strengthening of the fortress of Kiistrin, and the new metropolitan rail way at Berlin, which connects the western with the northern lines, has made it possible to throw the 11 army corps which are stationed to the west of the capital upon the Russian frontier without any ' stoppage. Should war break out, the main body of the German army would be concentrated at Posen, six days' march from the frontier, and smaller divisions would be stationed at Breslau and Konigs burg. The first point of attack would be tho trilateral Sieradz, Novogeorgievsk and Warsaw. Russia would then probably have to evacuate Poland in order not to divide her army, unless she should wish to accept a decisive battle in the open. The writer fully admits that the organisation of tho German army 13 superior to that of the Russian. Although, he says, there is a great want of officers and non- commis sioned officers, fhe establishment of lieu tenants being nearly two- fifths below its full strength, and there being 3000 vacan cies among the non- commissiened officers, the system of mobilisation is so complete that the infantry can be placed 011 a war fooling in six days, the artillery in eight, and the whole ©f the German army in ton. On tho other hand, he thinks that a German attack on Russia would certainly be followed by a French attack on Ger many ; in which case Russia would have little difficulty in repelling any troops that tlie Germans could spare for a Russian campaign. 