jlfcelr|er. ULSTER FOLK-LORE. THE G-KICBJT EYK AND THE EVIL EYE. Thr solise*''? oJ fnlk-lrtta in Uinter fiadr: 'Ba.uy BUperati'ioES broach* ttom Ssoiissd rvy ihe eettleEB, ** well 38 legend's and fancies peculiar to th« Irieb popoUti-in. The latter co«s?Kt prkcipflly of fairy tsleB »«jd ghost stories, many of them veiy poetical and graceful ; and the f irmer chiefly of snpert1! tiooB regarding good and bad luck, and tales of witchcraft, which are more weird than poetical. Bat as the two races have mingled ia tbe coarse of three eenfcarles, to their folk-lore hs« lost something of its distinct character ifltics, thoneh preserving them in the main. Thai the Presbyterian will sometimes toll of his adventure with the fairies, and the Boman Catholic will assure you that the butter has been spirited out of his churn by » ?? wltch-wlfe.' Most old and mlddle-ag«d people of the cottier class In Ulster have strong ideas on the subject of luck. To enter a house where churning is In progress without washing your hands, taking the churn-staff In them, and ' giving the churn a brash,' ia thought the seme of Ignorance ; and on leaving the hooee it ]a de rigneur that you should say, ' God bless your churn, an' gie you the good of you? milk an' batter.' If a neigh bour comes in to borrow a coal or turf, and neglects this formula, he lays himself open to the wont suspicions, and the people of the home will be cure to throw a pinch of salt into tbe churn as soon as his back is turned. To receive alms without blessing both giver and gift is considered very wrong. The present writer was in her kitchen lately when a beggar was helped by the servants, and she was surprised to see the cook run after the woman- and- bring her back. The cook explained the proceeding thus. 'She took we'er meal an' praties, ma'am, an' she didna bid God blesa we'er bouse an' place. She'll ju&t; bless the house an' place before I let her go.' A certain old pedlar, a kind of Eiie Oehiltree, welcomed alike in cabin and farmhouse for his story- telling powers, was g'ven a little jugful of sweet milk one day, with which he was leaving the house much pleased. Two children ran to the door aa he crossed the room, and startled him so that he let the jug fall. His joy waB turned into lamentation, and he angrily complained that the children had ' blinked' his milk. He thinks it lucky to meet a horse and cart when he is Betting out upon a journey, and will wait, leaning his pack against a ditch, for an hour until one appears in sight. He earns all the tobacco he smokes by oaring elf- shot animals, and his skill is widely believed in. The Down and Antrim peasants on their way to fair or market will turn baok if they meet a red- haired woman. The. people of Tyrone and Armagh think it quite as un lnoky if the first person they encounter should happen to be a barefooted woman. Others are uneasy if anybody runs aorosB their path, or takes a short out ; and others again are miserable if a neighbour should make any remark about the animal they have purchased, without praising and wishing the owner luck of it. Old people Bay tbat the proper thing to do on meeting a fine horse or cow is to lay your hand upon it, saying, ' Dear, but thou's the party horse or'oow ! God gie you luck wi' it' In eome counties no well-minded persons will make any remark whatever about any neighbour in bis or her presence without adding, ' God bless you.' This custom has reference to belief in a greedy eye. There are people by whom it is not good to be admired. The fate ot Bonnie Soeie Carlin is still told in Lstterkenny with siehs and shakes ef the head. Eosie waB standing at her father's hearth wheu a poor farmer from a distant parish oame in to beg a little seed corn to bow bis land. He was given what he asked, bvA be BtilL stood at the door staring at Bogie and mattering, 'Dy&r.; bat sbe'B handsome — near, but ehd's handsome 1' bat as her parents after wards remembered, without Bftjing, 'God bless her.' The sequel to his admiration was moat disastrous. Boaie had baen piump and strong, and rosy like her nams ; she began to pine away from that moment, lost flesh and oolonr, and died soon afterwards, We asked the woman who told this story why the poor farmer's glance had been so fatal. ' He was one that had a greedy eye, was the answer. ' There'8 them that has a greedy eye ; an* if they look at a nice wean, or a handsome girl, or a cow wi' a good show of milk, some ill will be sure to follow; an' it'll be no fault of theirs for they canna help it. It was the fault of their' mothers for half weaning tjiem an' then giving the breast back to them when ^hey cried an' fretted an' kept them frae their sleep There's plenty of mothers does that, an1 the poor child has a greedy eye ever after. There was a farmer, a very respectable man, a neighbour of my own, an' his wife wouldna let him eee his childer till they were six weeks old, his eye waB that unlucky, an' him that fond of them he was just doting about them. If the people wad meet him, an* them going to sell a beast, they'd turn back, an' feen a bargain they'd try to strike that day. They wouldna like to see him cross their fields or look at their crops: but there was very little said about it, the man was that respectable.' A Kilmacrenan woman tells the follow ing story of another of these unlucky people : ' There was a man owned a good farm of land an' lived hot an' full. But it was noticed that things went wrong wi' him, an' he couldna look at a single thing he had without doing it harm. His wife would ha' made him lie wi' his face to the wall till she riz the childer in the morning an' give them their breakfast, for if he'd ha' looked at 'them an' them fasting, some thing unfortunate would ha' occurred to them. It was the same wi' his cows an' horses, till he nearly stopped going into his fields. The woman was a second cousin of myown, an' she tould me how it was he was cured.' ' Why,- Bell, I did not think a cure was possible.' ' There is cures, miss dear, an' this was how it happened : He hired a boy frae the Sheriff's Mountain — they're very know ledgable in them back countries — an' the boy heered the way it was wi' the master. He was ploughing soon after he come, an' he sent for the master to see what' he had done. The man was na willing to come; but the boy sent again an' fleeehed him out, an' while he was coming he set up a big stone in the field, for he knowed that the first thing the man's eye lit on wad be the thing the harm wad be done to. Weel, aB I waB sayin', the master come oat, an' bis eye lit on the stone first, an' it split in two wi' a loud noise. I ha* seen the stone mysel'— split in two paerts- The man was cured, an* his eye never did any harm after that.' The evil eye is a very much worse thing than the greedy eye, because it has been gained by a compact with the enemy of mankind. ' There isna as many witches now as there used to be in times gone by,' said an old man the other day. He possessed a fine cow, and over the room that served him. for a dairy he had nailed a large horseshoe to keep witches and fairies away. Observing tha horse shoe, and knowing very well why it was there, we took the opportunity of asking if witchcraft was active in the country just then. 'There was witches an' warlocks in plenty when I was a wee boy,' saidPavie, 'but there iena many o* them now. Maybe because the scriptures is spread abroad, and tbe people isna just as ignorant as they used to be. It's allowed the bad man haena the game power. Will I tell you whit happened, to my grand father's Swn knowledge, at the graveyard wall, nei^T St. Johnston ?' 'Pleasi? '5i-, Davie/' and we composed our features to tbe gravest attention. ** There was an Eilie Connolly that had a bad name in the country, an' it was saio she could tak9 all shapes she pleaEed when i-he went out marauding an' stealing. Whiles she'd be a cat or a hare, an' suck the cows in the byres or in the fieldB. My grandfather wae acquaint wi' her, an often he'd ha' gone into her house for a light for the pipe. 'He -was passing the graveyard- wall one evening, him an' a little dog he had, when a cat leaped down frae the wall an' atback-dhiBdog. She snarled an* scratched, an' barked, an' yelped; but my grand father seen that hig dog was getting the worst of it, eo he aimed a ttone at th* cat, an' she limped off mewing maist pitiful. ' It was the next day he waa passing Ellie Connolly'^, an' he went in as usual for a crack an' a light for the pipe. ?Where's your mother?' says he to the daughter that was spinning in the kitchen. ' She's in the room there,' says she. ' An1 why is she in the room ?' says he. ' She's lying,' says she, 'it's just sick she is.' ' Wnat's her sickness ?' says he. ' I'll not tell you,' says she; it's no business e' yourn.' 'Troth, it is my business,' says he, 'for your mother an' me's very big. I be to ax her what way she is. The daughter tould hiiri he wouldna get seeing her mother, an' she got up an' stood before the room-door, but my grandfather pushed-, her away, an' went up to the bed where Ellie was lying. 'What is it ails you, Ellie ?' says he. * Sore you see I'm sick, Davie Doherty.' ' Ay, but what ails you ?' eays he, for he juped (i.e. suspected) what it was, an' wi' that he pulled down the clothes an' Been that her arm was lying' broken. 'What done that on you, Ellie? says he- * Oh, Davie Doherty, Davie Doherty,' sayB she, 'weren't you the hardened man to hit me wi' a stone an' break my arm ?' ' Why did you attack my dog then, Ellie?' Bays he. Weel, she waB forced to give np her bad ways alter that, an' the neighbours got milking an' churning in peaoe ; bat there was nae mair plentinesa in her house; it was like other poor cottier houses in the country.' ' How did ghe get the power to turn herself into a oat ?' we asked. ' Some aays,' replied the old man, rub bing hie head and looking refleotive, ' that witohes touch their heads an' the soles of their feet on Midsummer Night's eve, an' gie themselves up to the Evil One for a year an' a day, savin' some words o' a charm.' ' Do you know the words ?' ' God forbid, ma'am 1 But others says they go out on May morning before sunrise, an' trail a rope, made of hair frae the cows tails, over the grass while the dew ia on it, singing: 'Game all to me, come all to me, milk an* butter oome to me.' 'Deed my grandfather seen them at it, an' he was a man that wouldna ha' told a lie no more nor the olergy in the pulpit.' ?? I'm sure of it, Davie. It was he who broke Eilie Connolly's arm, wasn't it?' 'Ay, ma'am, it was. As I was savin', he saw two aald wives, neighbours that he knowed rightly, trailing a rope along the grass, an' he heered them singing : — ' ' Come all to me, oome all to me. Milk an' batter oome to me.' ' « Would yous steal weer butter from us ?' save he, an' wi' that he jumps over the hedge an' snatches at -the rone. He pulled an' they pulled, an' half o' the rope oame away in his hands. The scare was that big on him that he didna stop to sea what they'd do next, but home wi' the pieoe o' rope, an' throwed it down in a earner o' his father's house. The'd one cow near calving, an' it was only a wee drop she was giving, but that morning there was a quare milking* My grand father was a wee chiel then, but he minded it to hia dying-day. He saw sis mother fill piggin af tar piggin, an' pail after pail, till all the vessels in the house was full. She waa quarely frightened, an' when he told her about the rope, she throwed it on the fire, for Ehe said eh'e ha' no witches' wark iu that house.' Variations of the same tale meet us in every county in Ulster. Sometimes the witch is hunted in the form of a hare for a whole winter. A large black hare baffled the Deny harriers for an entire aaaion some years ago, and the country people said it waB no wonder she escaped, for the was no real hare — she was old Fanny OaUaghan, and the devil helped her. A white hare lived for many yean on the liland of Inch, In Donegal. Ske disappeared hi 1858, the year Ease Martin, the 'white wife,' died. Sometimes the hare is seen making her way to a cottage, and there the seent is loBt. The huntsman of the Tallyannan harriers U reported to have seen a hare escape from the very jaws of the hounds and make for a hole In the wall of a cabin. Unable to belltve his eyes, and trembling wfth saperatitioas dread, the man dismounted and went into -the house, where he found no living creature of any discrlptiou excepting Dan Marpby, the shoemaker, lying on his bed psntlag, unable to apeak from loss of breath, and bleeding from a wound In his leg whioh looked like the bite of » dog. A county Antrim woman tells the fol lowing story : ' Francis Dillon had three cows on his farm in Cushendall, an' one o' them, the best o' the three, failed in her milk, an' not a drop could be got from her. Says the wee boy that herded the beasts: 'Master,' says he, 'I see a white cat sacking Moiley in the field-' Francis loaded his gun wi' Biller, an1 watched for the cat next evening. Sure enough there Bhe came, an' he fired an' wounded her, but Bhe was fit to make off. Francis was a man that had a great skill in setting bones, an' he was sent for by the neigh bours as regular as the doctor. That night there came an express for him to go to Rose Mullan that had got her leg broke. (Rose was allowed to -be a witch-wife frae Cushendall to the Giant's Causeway.) When Francis heered that her leg was broke, of coarse he knowed what to think. S»ys he, ' It was me did you the injury, an' it'a ma you get to mend it,' says ha, an' Base an' her man hadna a word to say.' ' A poor traveller looking for her bit' — i.e. a beggar-woman — tells tha following story. The narrator was once a servant in- a lodging-house at Bondoraa, a fashionable watering-place, filled with bathers in summer ; and Biddy Gallagher, her eouBUr, was housemaid in the hotel next doov- When the bathing season wab over, Biddy remained alone in the hotel to take oharge of the premises. Her wagta were good, bat she disliked the loneliness -of her life, especially at sight, when the wind blew off the ocean and rattltd every window. She dnstftd and cleaned, and lit fires In the empty rooms during the day, and before retiring each night she swept up the kitchen; matfe a bright fire, and left everything comfortable there. One night, befon she put out he* candle, she heard the hall-door open, and, fall of terror, jumped oa* ot bed *nd ran to the head of the stairs to listen. There were many footsteps in the h«lL aad many voices were talking. Tha voices wen all eaylng. ' Good-bye, Miss Gallagher ! Good bye, Miss Gallagher, and thank you kindly for your fire 1 We're away to the county Cavan ^.but you'll find an oat-cake, made of the' best grain of Tyrone, on your parlour-table. Eat that to your tea, an' good-bye.' Terribly frightened, Biddy ran back to her room, and there was her Bister Kitty, ti»t -was Jo|t one Hallowe'en, iying iq her bea. Biddy! Biddy!' efod Kitty, start- 1 ing up, ' dinna taste their oako, or they'll M have you away wi' them, as they took ^ ? me.' She disappeared as she spoke. 1 Biddy utterly rfcf used to remain any longer I alone, and her cousin, who tells the etory, ? I came to keep her company. I The gentle race, now banished from the 1 green banks of the Foyle, haunted *hat 1 fertile valley some sixty years' ago. 1 It was in 1820 that the M Elhinney family went to live on a little farm between Porthall and Strabane, in sight of the river. Joe M'Blhinney waB a misehievoas lad of seventeen, and he soon became intimate with lads who were as fond of tormenting as himself. There was a stretch of gravel for a short way along tbe Foyle, two or three field* below his house, and there the young girls of the country used to bathe. When Joe and the other ladsfound this out, they made a practice of hiding the girls' clothes, till at last two - girU were always obliged to remain '? sentinels while the others batVd. But ;l' one summer day the lads found no sentinels. They peeped over the hedge, ^ and saw all the girls in the water. Maggie . J Lavene, with her floating yellow hair, f- 1 Jenny M'Bride, Ellen Morrison, towering - ^ a head above the rest, and beside her ^H little Annie Kearney, with her sparkling ^H eyes and rosy cheeks. ^ 'Ay, there they are, and there's your ? Kate/' said Joe to one of his companions. \ The girls looked up and laughed; then, I taking hands, they danoed about in the water, and at last did what no mortal girls could do — swam across the Foyle and were ?Ben dancing on the Tyrone short. Very \ much alarmed, the lads harried to the 1 different cottages hi the naigaboathood. The girls ware all at thdv spinning-wheels— haggle, the yellow- haired, little Annie Kearney, Jenny M'Bride, and Ellen Morri son. * ' It pat us from playing a trick on anyone * ^% for many a day,' said Joe M 'Elhinney, ,( looking across the Foyle with dim wistful _-^ gaza at th» smiling cornfields of fair Tytona. ~ We felt wistful, too. and would gladly have repeepled the gentle hills and broid river , with the «Ifin race. ' Can you tell any other story about the j Foyle, Joe?' ^ I ' Do you know the Castle of Montgavlin, W I ma'am P I'll tell your ladyship what my I mother seen there, for it was not in my Jm time. When my mother was a wee girl, 1 there waa a mermaid lived in the river, i an' on summer evenings she'd ha' sat 4 singing on a flat atane nearthe edge of the ™ water,' ?What was she like, Joe t' ' I don't mind to have heered. I think she was handsome, but her hair waa green.' Did she comb her hair ?— 8ie kamrat es nut goldsnem Kame, Und singt ein Lied dabei. Das hat elna wanderssma Gevalt'ge Melodic. 'Eh, ma'am ; what were you sayin' P' *.' I wae speaking about a German mer maid, Joe. I sever thought there had been a mennaidfa the Foyle.' ' 'Deed was there. The boatmen goin' up an' down .in their lighters between Deny and Strabane wad ha' seen her often. They called her Sheelah, an' there's a deep pool near Montgavlin that they still call ' 8heel*h*fl Pool.f ' There was * Bhoda Gildea lived at the j door wi' my mother, an' a harsh, ill-natured body she was. She went to draw water one evening, an' just out o' mischief she overturned SheelaJi'a stone. She thought | the erathnx didna ?«? her, but next day, \ when aha oame home from an errand to ^n the shop, Bhe found Sheelah in her kitchen, putting her child on the fire. Ehoda let a cry ont of her. an' ran to take the child off * the fire, an' Sheelah went out at the door an' down to the river, singing t w When I think on my atane, An' you think on yoor wean, We may weel speak and look, Bntfraens we 11 e'en be nane.' —AU The Tear Round. 