Turf Talk. BY MARTINDALE. SINGE our last issue the sporting world has not boen startled by any wonderful doings, and tho metropolis has. been moro than usually didi, owing to most of the bookmakers and sporting folk being away in tho country. Maitland attracted most attention, where tho Northern Jockey Club run off their two days' mooting. As usual, when this club holds a gathering, wet woather came on and caused a postponement, but oidy for a day. A full report of tho proceedings will bo found elsewhere from our special reporter. Tho Braidwood Turf Club held their gathering on the same datos (Wednesday and Thursday) while Burrowa nnd Vegetable Creek run off their meetings on Thursday and Friday. Each of those places reooived a visit from ono or moro of our mctallicians. During tho coming seven days our calendar shows that there will bo plenty to engage attention throughout the colonies. To-day the members and friends of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club will bo busy at Caulfield, and coming nearer homo wo find that the sportsmen of East Maitland have a day's running winch will no doubt prove attractive to tho résidante of tho dis trict. On Tuesday and Wednesday next, tho Yass Racing Club hold their annual gathering, which should bo well patronised both by residents of tho district and visitors. Yass is very easily reachod from the metropolis. By starting in tho southern mail train ono can roach there tho samo night and thus lose no time. Tho nominations. &c;,. will be found in another part of tho journal. Tho Tasmanian Jockoy Club occupy thrno days, starting on Tuesday, and those who journey there will have to Btart in tho steamer especially put on from Melbourno to- day. Racing for the events to be run off at tho Cooma annual mooting starts on Wednesday and continues over Thursday, tho Taralga and Inverell gatherings taking placo on Thursday and . Friday. This is a pretty fair list for ono woeé, and besides wo. of the metrópolis will be up to our eyes in tho intercolonial cricket match, and tho Englishmen, who play at Stanmore. I must now give owners, and trainers notice of tho items that will need their attention, and first on tho list comes tho Yass gcnoral entry which closos on Monday, while the capital prizes givou by tho Albury Racing Club for their Cup and St.-Patrick's Day Handicap must bo nominated for on Wednesday with Mr. Ten Brink, the secretary. Tho weights for the Murrumburrah Publicans' Purse and Tow Plate aro due to- day. Thoso who do not oaro for their weight in tho Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap can got out of their trouble with the loss of a sovereign, if scratched bo foro 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. Acceptances aro duo to-day for tho Yas3 Plains Handicap. I soo by ono of the local papers that tho Wilcannia Jockoy Club members recently held a meeting to con sider a motion brought forward by Mr. Donnelly, to the effect that tho growing '/importance of the club rendered it advisable to appoint, .a publie handicapper, and naming Mr. Barnard, of; tho.V.R. C., for the oilioe. Tho meoting was a very full one and tho'majority of thoso present spoke strongly in favour of local handi caps, and Of tho goutlomen who' have hitherto under taken tho onerous task of, handicapping for tho club, pointing to tho large fields which, under their weights, mvariably- face the .starter as tho- best evidence against a chango. Au amendment endorsing exist ing" arrangements was oarriod by a two-thirds majority. When writing about -their 'programme I find that a mistako occurred in the amount of addod inoncy given by tho club.. It should have boon ¿£730. The Wentworth Jockey Club have altered/the datc3 bf their annual meeting to March 8 and 9. .Accep tances for their principal events numbor as follows : Flying Handicap, 19 ; Hurdles," ll ; Darling Stakes, 18 ; Wentworth Haudicap, 18. The datos of tho meeting have boon altered to 8th and 9th March. ? Tho examples set by the Hon. R. W. Roberts and Mr; Lloyd,' of Yamma, in naming their recently purchased yearlings is worthy of imodiato imitation Dy other purchasers. It is rather inconvenient and causes no end of clorical work, calling so-and-so late so-and-so colt. y Mr. P. JV M'Alister, of Wagga Wagga, has disposed of his well known thoroughbred stud horse Paris to tho Hon. E. K. Cox, of .Fernhill. Tho breeder of Grand Flaneur and Chester is evidently going to koop to tho Yattendon blood, which has modo Fomhill so famous in stud annals. Paris is by Yattendon from Mavourneen (tho dam of Munster) and Strathoarn got by Now Warrior, her dam Cassio by Crab. The committee of tho Yass Racing Club hold a moot ing last Friday at tho Salutation Inn at which it was announced by thc secretarios that tho . salo of booths had realised JJ87, the gate and fruit stalls being Bold to-day (Saturday). It was also stated that the improve ments to the course are being well pushed on. Appli cation has also been made for excursion faros from Cootamundra and Goulburn. ,'? Tho " Melbourne Mail" says.:-Tho mee meoting at Kensington-park on Saturday... afternoon was only moderately attended, tho great heat of the weather ddubtloss hindering many from hoing present. Nul quinwontho Maiden Plate in good style ; her sable jockey rodó homo most energetically, anddidnotdo3ist in his efforts till some time after the post was passed. Lion won the Selling Raoo, and was bought in for ¿842. The Welter Galloway Handicap was won by Flirt, after a good raoo with Surveyor: Sam oasily disposed of tho throe others in tho Pony'Handicap. Haidoo of thc Hills carried off tho FobruaryHandicap iu herold stylo. Tho Galloway Haudicap was won very easily by ' Lina. . A general mooting of tho Adolong Jockoy Club was hold at Tattersall's (Commercial Hotel) on Tuosday evening last. Mr. F. Cohen prosidod, and called upon tho hon. soc. to read tho financial 'statement, which had boon duly audited. It showed tho year's receipts to-be £282 17s. and tho expenditure ¿8217 16s 4d, leaving a surplus in tho hands of tho club of ¿875 Os 8d. It was agrood that a day's racing should talco placo on Tuesday, tho 28th March, tho cumulative prizes to amount to ¿875. lu sporting literature weare far behind all rho other colonies, and this is very forcibly brought before mo, having received a very neatly got up Turf Guido issued by tho "South Australian Observer." It con tains a groat nmouut of necessary information and doservos ovory encouragement. A mooting of persons favourable to tho formation of a jockey club was hold at Oberon on Fobruary 1, at tho Royal Hotel. It is expected that a very good 'prpgranimo will shortly bo issued. i Queou's birthday will bo celebrated by a day's rac ing at Yarraman. Tho Wnllsond Jockey Club have fixed upon April 10 (Easter Monday) and ll, for a two days' mooting to bo run oft' on their pleasant little'course Tho principal events are tho Town Plato of 80 so vs and Jockoy Club Handicap of 100 BOVS. "Falcon" writing in _ tho ? Melbourno "Leader" says :-Tho Victoria Racing Club purpose, I am told, having an inner ring whore only tho mombors of properly recognised hotting clubs will bo permitted to mako books. For which privilogo thoy will probably bo asked to pay about ¿850 per. annum. It has boon suggested to tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club to follow iBuity BO that nj* moro welshing ÍB hoajd of on thoso metropolitan couraes. Olí! Motlmselem, what will become of tho Wileys and Bccclosos now? Their little game will come to a sudden stop, and they will bo compelled to seek some honest employment. This will givo solidity to tho ring and confidence to the backers, who if they aro occasionally shorn will get their money if they do win. They will wager with tried men, who have stood the brunt of many a battle. This will perhaps bc fio far satisfactory that oven the totalizator may be forgotten and phclved. But they are the capitalists in the transaction, tho real Con servatives of tho racecourse, thcreforo must bo the proper persons to lix. They make all tho money that is made ont of racing, and why should they not con tribute their quota P Ten shillings is tho prioo of ad mission to soe and enjoy tho races. To coin money by the same moans is surely worth something moro. Of course they will oppose everything that encroaches on their incomes, as most people would do. They would not let tis have tho totalisator, and will cavil at this. But in Bober earnest it is but just. And tho more this is opposed the more determined will bc the public to get the totalisator legalised. Tho late dia bolical proooedinga at Geelong on tho part of tho police are attributed to tho machinations of the ring -whether right or wrong I do not pretend to say and this feeling has caused an unaccountable reaction in favour of what tho metallicians would probably call tho "infernal machine." Iudood tho greater the opposition to its introduction on tho part of tho ring tho more favour it finds, and every day it is gaming friends. Though it may not extend to tho council of our oountry. Mr. A. F. Bradshaw has kindly consented to act as starter at tho Victoria Amateur Club meeting which takes place to-day. Messrs W. A. Long, J. L. Smith, and D. Mol hado departed for England in the Khedive on February 1. In another column will be found tho nominations for tho fourth Mares' Produce Stake to bo run under the auspiaos of tho South Grafton Jockoy Club. Monaro Jockey Club annual raoos are to take plnoo at Cooma next Wednesday and Thursday, and will no doubt bo worth witnessing. Tho nominations for tho Í>rincipal events and weights for tho Jockoy Club landican and Shorts will bo found elsowhore. Sea King and Dundreary should run well in the former event, and Sea King and Julian should show well in the Shorts. From tho " Australasian" I take the following items :-Mr. C. M. Lloyd has named his colt by Maribyrong from Telopea, " Hcptakos," as ho was No. 7 iii tho oataloguo. The filly by Yattendon from Marie Stuart, who was No. 21 in tho catajogue, has been named " Vingtun ;" and the filly by Maribyrnong from Niqa, who was No. 22, ho hos christened " Too Too." There appears to have boen plenty of welshing outside the paddock at Geelong. One victim writes that he gave ono sooundrel J£1 to back Lucy, and ro ooived a card with the name of J. Poole on, but ho oonld not find him after tho moo had boon run. Messrs. Wm. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold Quixote to Mr. D. S. Wallace; Afghan, to,go to India ; and brown yoarling colt, by Tubal Cain from Ace of Hearts, to go to Queonsland. Wo have roeeivedthe first copy of tho "Victorian , Racing Calendar." It is very neatly gotup, and will no doubt well answer tho purpose for which it is intended. It contains a list of raoo meetings past and to como, bosido3 othor neoossary matter. I think tho results of past events should bo mado to give starters, the first throe not being enough. No doubt with a little time it will bo made a most complete work. A tan track is being laid down on tho Morphetvillo course at Adelaide From tho "Adelaide Observer " I learn that Mr. Hughes has resigned tho po.sition of handicapper to tho Adelaide Racing Club, as ho finds that ho cannot spare time to handicap for both tho metropolitan clubs. Tho samo paper also states that tho South Aus tralian Jockey Club aro thinking of assimilating their rules to those of the V.R.C., and havo com municated with Mr. Mooro to arrange a conference on the subject. "Trumpator" in îho " Adelaide Obsorver " says Mr. Saville starts for Melbourno on February ll, I believe, and takes with him Turretfield, Footstep, and tho .Mod Lancer. The Israelite and Henrietta were scratchedon Wodneaday morning, and Savanaka is not likely to visit Flornington again this season. Tom Hill talks of leaving next week, and I supposo ho will be in charge of First Wntor, Totalisator, and Snowstorm. Tho chestnut has bqon given a fair chance in tho Sydney Gold Cup, and it may be that Mr. Pile will send tho Ettie favourite on to Randwick at Eas tor time. In our last issue appeared an answer to a corres pondent asking how wagers went made over Stella for the Shorts Handicap run at Parramatta during tho lato meeting. According to the rulos tho answer was wrong, and those who had wagers must pay. Tho rulo states that once a ridor is woighod out all wagers aro "play or pay." With refercnoo however to the Stella busi nosa, I think it is very unfair for those who mode wagers after tho first event was run to havo to pay. They oortainly had no chanoo to win, the maro being scratched, .-consequently should not lose. It would appear that something strange happened lately in a race in New Zealand. In commenting upon it a writer under the cognomen of "Saul" says:-Now that the temporary quostion has boen docided, it may woll be askod whether in roality Eulo 15 works satis factorily, and is one that should bo permanently re tained amongst tho laws of Tattersall's ? For my own part, I don't believe in tho regulation at all, nor can I discover on what preeodont (savo tho Christchurch Tattersall" s Laws) it was adopted. Tho rulo in vogue at Loudon Tattersall's, at tho Victoria Club, and ut all betting resorts throughout tho United Kingdom is of a widely different character. It too, is numbered 15, and it runs thus!-" When tho riders of any horses brought out to run in any raco aro called upon by tho starter to take their place, all bets rospocting such hornes shall bo play or pay." Now this rule han common sonso to recommond it, and bears tho reason of its exiatenca on tho surface. I cannot, however, KOO a particle of common sonso or fairness in tho Auckland rulo ;* for if it is right that backers should have a run for all bots made in tho paddock, thc moro accident of tho jockey weighing out ought not to oblige them to pay up. After all, tho lad weighing out on January 2 was a puro accident, and yet that accident had tho effect of putting a tidy sum into tho pockets of tho liing. Now that thin sort of game has beeu started, and Rulo lf> confirmed, I shall not bo surprised to hear of a number of similar occurrences down South. By a libido collusion bo twoon an ownor or trainor and tho bookmakers, tho latter will actually bo able to lay backers a dead 'un in tho paddock "-a thing that (save in tho cases of pulled horses) has up to now seoinotl impossible. A telegram from Melbourne on Thursday informed us that all Mr. Do Montre's horses which wero en tered for tho V.R.C. Shod' Produce Stakes, to bo run for at tho coining Autumn meeting, have boon dis qualified, owing to au inaccuracy iu tho nominations. On referring to the official programme I found that, according to tho list, it was only corroot in part, and should have road all thoso nominated ashy Crusoe Of course they should bo Robinson Crusoe. This puts Navigator out of tho good things, for this race would, b$r wcyi^ntB; havo bpon won by tyefo Tho nominations informal are eight in number, and oil turning to the Mares* Produce Stakes, to be run for in the spring, I find the same thing occurs again. If I remember aright, this inaccuracy was notioed be fore. Only two horses, Noodle and Calm, have boen nomi nated for tho Taralga District Handicap. For the Jockey Club Handicap sovon havo sent in their names. Whoatear and Kaffir have boon scratched for tb.9 Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap. Mr. G. Kiss disposed of Safeguard, the huröUdJ horse, for 35 guinoas, and Black Tracker for 10 less,! last Thursday. Tho Autumn meeting of tho Murrumbidgee Turf. Club will, owing to the liberal support given by the: townspeoplo, extend over two days. The events qui tho first day aro St. Loger, Maros' Produce Stakes, Selling Plato, Autumn Handicap, and Selling Race. On tho second day tho sport opens with tho Flying Handicap, then comos tho Maiden Plato, Prince of* Wales' Stakes, Publicans' Purso of 40 sovs, and Ope» Handicap. Nominations for the Autumn Handicap and Publicans' Purso close on February 22, the gonoral entry being March 21. Applications for tho post of starter to tho A. J.C. must bo sent in to Mr. Clibborn between thia and Saturday next. lu addition to thc ¿2100 givon by the A.J.C., Tattorsall's Club have signified their inten tion of giving .£25 a year if a suitable person is secured, aud tho Sydney Turf Club will, no doubt, supplement it with a like amount. The Melbourne " Sportsman" says The pro posed "Inner Ring" in tho Flemington Paddock, although not universally approved of amongst' our metallicians,' is likely to bocome nit fa-it accompli before thc spring season, if any reliable opinion con bo formod from outside talk. Tho proposed con ference between the committees of the V.R.C. and of the betting rooms has not yet been absolutely arranged, but is likoly soon to take placo, as several leading members of each are vory decided in their opinions as to tho advisability of tho plan. It is rumoured that a match at two milos between First Water and Savanaka is not at all unlikely. The weight to bo oarriod is 8st 71b, for a stake of ¿610,000. Mr. Pile, the owner of First Water, has mado the offer. A singular coincidonc - occurred lately in America. A jockey named Aiken piloted a horse named Foxhall to victory, in a mile spurt, and two days later met his death on a filly named Primrose, when tho mare fell, and both she aud her rider wore killed, the race being won by a gentleman of tho name of Buchanan. It will be romembored that M'Donald, who rode tho great Foxhall to victory in tho Cesarowiteh, waa af terwards killed by a fall from a horse called Bucha nan, in the Liverpool Cup. Tho fatality attendant on the names of Foxhall and Buchanan in the abovô events is, to say tho least, very singular. That very unsuccessful horse Auckland has been! showing to tho front in Now Zealand, having won & ¿8100 handicap under tho name of Maori. On Mouday, the following horses woro disposed of. at Kirk's baaaar :-Albyn at 340 guineas, to Mr. E< O'Brien ; Billy Nutts at 00 guineas, to Mr. Cripps; and Greyhound to Mr. W. C. Yuillo, for an Indian client. Canary did not reach his owner's reservo of 500 guineas, and Tho.Cockney failed to find Ä bidder. There is vory little business doing in tho way of hotting over tho coming autumn events. 100 to 10 on tho field is offered about tho Hawkosbury Handicap, 100 to 8 being wanted; 100 to 5 can bo obtained if Barber or Bathurst aro not wanted. Over the Sydney Cup thoro is .no speculation at all, 1000 to 5 being obtainable about tho double,. Tho Australian Cup is also a dead lotter, Surrey and Aureola finding support at 100 to* 5 and (? for tho Newmarket Handicap. The Mel bourne " Sportsman" says :-" Little or no straight out betting has been done so far, but tho horsëè mostly fancied for the Australian Cup are Saunterer, Suwarrow, Hesperian, Royal Maid, Ween. First Wator, Bosworth, Sweet William, Czar, Guinea, Wel lington, and Diamond. The whole of these, with a few others, have been backed in the doublos with Aspen, Surroy, Tumult, and Verdure. The others most montioned in tho Newmarket are Sir Joseph^. Royal Consort, Somerset, Aureola, Cremorne, Cassio peia, Larpent, Valetta, and The Ghost. Cremorne was in somo demand this morning, principally coupled with Bella-drum, Diamond, Bosworth, and Hosperian. A good business is done in tho popular way of pickinff stable doubles such as Ween and Vorduro (Foul sham's), Royal Maid and Somerset (Wilson's), Hes perian and Aureola (Tom Brown's), Swoct WUhgsOfc and Sweet William (Do Mostré's), Bolladrnm SÜd Cremorne (Albort Park), &o.; For tho Australian Cap Saunterer appoars most fancied by the clever divi sion, 100 to 8 being offered bar Saunterer this moiü* iug, although ho has not been . backed publicly. 100 to 5,if not, is offorod about tho Newmarket Handi cap, and no rush of backers. 