ind warn you to ever beware of the thrall, {The hopeless wreck that may come from the fall) OUT OF THE FIHES Of the castles you build in the air. Br HE KEY KENDALL. HE was young when he entered that sphere, ^"here the pleasures of sin are attained; And a devil came close to his ear, And whispered, and tempted, and gained. On the world with the eyes of a child He looked. It was little he knew; And the sharks who were after him smiled With joy at the plunder in view. By chance he was suddenly placed Where life is a fever—a flame, And plausible rascals made haste To rob him, and bring him to shame. From green quiet forest-lands hurled Into city, he needed a guide; Bat he hadn't a friend in the world,| To thrust the black tempter aside. a% had money—a fortune indeed: But money meant ruin to him, For he followed a blood-sucking breed inio dens of iniquity—dim. At tables of cards aud of dice, He wasted his ; and he knew But the glare and the glamour of Vice In nights full of glittering dew. Ah \ often he lingered in tears, While morning walked over the sea, And thought of the beautiful years, When his "rat** were the torrent and tree. Bat ever Aebitopbel stood, "With shining Aholah between The spirits of evil and good; And the past became brightness nnfieen. One day when the drink smothered thought, He met with a sharper named Holt'; . And, maudlin and muddled, he bought A big. hut an ill-lookiag colt. Boi a stable-lad whispered, "Depend On my word, there is stuff in The Scad; He will win a great race in the end; But Holt doesnt know he has blood." In a moment of trouble supreane, When worried by creditors coarse, Hope flashed on bis heart like a beam— He thought of the bey and the horse. And full of fine purpose, be said— " 1 will cast the foul devil away, iad lead th« white life that Tied In the light of the happy old day." Sext morning he spoke to the youth; Aud the boy ynfebed his bands in has gl&e;, And said—with his eyes full of truth— ''Just leave him, my master, with me J . Thacoltmustcom® ontathis best; And when saddle and rider are np, • at will make the fast Star of the West,. And the rest of them, more lor 4 3Che Cop."* was the race ol the year, «twenty grand horses were in- •toe Scud," cried the "touts" with a sneer, "Is sure to be last in the ' spin.'" . fiai owner worked hard with the lad; And pale was the sufferer's face: *he chance was the last that he had— He had Warded all on the race. He day of the meeting was dark łl(JJith bitter wild wind-driven irain— The Star has come fit to the xnaxk," bajd the mob, " and he'll win it again V ^he betting was brisk, when the horse Of the season came out of his stall, Aiozen were backed on the course, Bat The Scud wasn't mentioned at alL ^ flag fell ^way in a roar, And the twenty went off in a pack; J a «ttBoon there was seen to the lore, -the mare with the purple and black. ^Barker's she quickened the pace 4I "Uh a feather-weight close at her ode; ba the 1 straight, she'll be out of the race," A duster of knowing one's cried. At the tum ol the track, on the grey Louug Jones took the running in hand; wj he " died" at the Comer away, And Pyramus led by the Stand. *** out by the back of the course, P — —e invincible horse— op and showed heels to the "field." But the mare by Olympus, from Jane, Came on with* rush by the gate: And the Scud dashed along in the rain k And was locked with the Star in the 'straight A thunder of cheers from afar, «iJ? 4 Sl e thre e «oming smothered with mud— "The filly—the filly—the Star 1 . The chestnut—the filly—the Scud!" With the Star on his girth in the sludge, -The Scud under whip at the post, With a boy on him whiter than ghost. Yea, there, amid damonr and cheer, lul rJS"^ l « f -couragejind strength, off the great race of the year, From the " crack," by tho half of a length And there, on that prominent day, The owner fell back at tlie last, And shivered and fainted away— • He had snfiered so mach in tlie Past. The strain had been heavy, indeed, And the world for some moments seemed dim: But past was the season of need— The Send liad won thousands for him. * Suggested by a chapter in Łona Odds, by the late Marcus Clarke. 