MR. R. 3VIACGREG0R, jtf.L.A. ■ ; Speaking to tho motion submitted by Mr. SVokIs, respecting tho strictures of tho A;ie, : Mr. Macgregor, who rose amid cries of " Question," said he had, in justico to him self, to make a few remarks, and to show that tho Age had in the article under notice made a great mistake. For 2S years he bad read and supported tho Age, and when he first stood for a seat in Parliament it was on tho Liberal, aide. Ha was originally re turned by Fitzroy as an opponent of S.r James M'Culloch's gagging system, and ho sat behind the hon. member for Qeelong, voting steadily for him and his party. In deed, as a party-man be gave on several occasions votes which, if lid had the chance, I. e did not know that he would now repeat. And yet the Age, in the arlicle under dis cussion, said:—-''Such is the contagious effect of the general apathy and indifference to appearances that even ostensible liberals like Mr. A. T. Clark, Mr. Fisher, and Mr. Macgregor put their reputation in pledge and- openly vote against their principles and their party day atter day without tho ghostiof an excuse: that the public' oan divine, except it be that Mr. Bent's secret influences have been at work, and have proved too much for them." Whilst he sat on the other dde he never voted against his party, but since he had been on the Oppo sition benches, and ha'l seen that his party had now no leader, ho had acted as an inde pendent Corner member. Yet tho only HneiQ fnr flirt nlin.roro ronrfo rnTrntr»e» the Age was the vote he gave for Ibe Government against the boa member for Belfast's motion in connection with the Loan Bill, and the reason be voted against the ton. member for Geelong (Mr. Berry) on that occasion was to prevent the hon. member for Belfast bocoming Chief Secre tary, and the lion, member for Geelong (Mr. Berry) having to p!ay second fiddle to him.; ;Why then was ho attacked for this straightforward vote ? (Sir John O'Shan. nassy—What is tbo use of your raving about that to night ?) Mr. Macgrogor said that his vote was giveu for tbo hresent Government on the oceas'on he had referred to because lie preferred O'Loghlen to O'Sbannassy. Tie defied the "Age" to point out a'single instance ia tbo whole of his political career in which he had voted against his principles, That paper, how ever, made the assertion that he and others had done so—" Without the ghost of an excuse that the public can divine except it bo that Mr. Bent's seoret influences have been at work, and haxo proved too much for them." Ho denied taat he had been subjected to any secret influences. Ho had always uclcd in accordance with his cjnvic t ons. (" Question.") 