CORRESPONDENCE. ' Veritas' writes :— ' It is high time in the inte rests of the public generally that an enquiry was called for as to the issuing ot free railway passes to t-ersoB8 who mav visit this cnlonv. Frnm sfivpral instances tear, nave come under my own notice it appears that the use of such passes is greatly per verted. Only the ? other day a gentleman walked into an office where I was and wanted to see the principal. It transpired that he was canvassing for orders and advertisements for the Federal Auatra lian, and wished to secure an order. On being told that the principal was away the man of free passes replied, ' Oh ! I can come again another day, as I have a free pass on the railway.' Surely such a state of affairs ought to be stopped. Persons living in the colony, ami who are doing all they can to further its interests, are in a measure kept back by the excessive railway charges, but here are 'casuals'- coming into the colony daily, representing themselves to be reporters, and they want to see the colony to write about it and so make it better known, when in reality they are canvassing for the good of other colonies. This is handicapping South Australians with a vengeance, The system of indis criminate free passes has been stopped in Victoria, and it is time, with such instances as these before us, that they were stopped here. ' I hope some member of our Legislature will move in the matter.' 'Pro Bono Publico, Farrell's Flat,' protests against, the action of the authorities in running a special train last Sunday for cattle, the quiet of the little township being broken by the noise made by the persons engaged in trucking these cattle. 'T. H. G.'— For a circular tank multiply the square of the diameter by 0-7854, and the product by the depth. Thus in the supposed case 8 x 8 X 07854 x 12=60318 + cubic feet, or nearly 221, cubic yards. For a 'square tank,' or for one of Which the sur face area is a rectangle, and the sides are carved down vertically, multiply the length, width, and depth into each other. Thus, suppose the length to be 10 ft. 6 in., the width 8 feet, ami the depth 12ft 3 in; then 10-5 X S x 12-25=1,029 cubic feet= C8J cubic yards. Greig's Elements of Numeration is a useful book for beginners, and may be obtained for about a shilling. ' G. m. Jr.'— We cannot give medical advice. ' Traveller' complains that nothing has been done to clear the main North-Eastern-Toad, so as to enable stock to travel to and from the market with out going so much on the metal. He urges that the road should be at once defined and opened to the full width of sixty-six feet like other public roads, in order to facilitate the travelling of. stock ,to the city. 'Snrrey.'— The Cannon-street Railway Brid'e, belonging to the S.E.R. Co., is nearer to London Bridge than to Blackfriars Bridge. ' C. S. B.'— You cannot expect us to publish your lines if the consequences would be what yon hint at in the following :— 'If my rhymes you thus will treat You and I may often meet.' ' John Price, WabeBeld-street East,' under date June 10, writes :— ' For the further information of your correspondent 'Paul de la Mer.'I give below some quotations from the writings of Voltaire additional to those of the Rev. F. Slaney Poole, extracted by him from the ' Letter on the English,' No. 18, and from chapter 2 of 'TheEssai sur la Po&ie; Epiqne.' In the 'Ingenu,' chapter 2, Vol taire says :— ' The reason why classical tragedies do not succeed in England, while the coarse works of Sbakspeare are constantly applauded, is that the public is not a judge of fine verses, and so Addison's 11 Cato' fell and the empire of Sbakspeare is crow ing stronger.' Martin Sherlock, chaplain to the Bishop of Derry, visited Voltaire in April, 1776, and reports that in the course of conversation Voltaira saw :-' ' Cato' is excellently written. Addison had much taste, but the abyss between taste and genins is immense. Shakspeare had astonishing genius, hut no taste ; he spoilt the taste of the English nation. Ho has been their taste for °00 years, and that -which has been the taste of a nation for 200 years will be their taste for 2,000. Taste becomes a religion, and there are in that country many fanatical worshippers of that author.' In writing to Horace Walnole, July 17. 17G3, Voltaire says:— 'Shaktpeare had no regularity, no sense of propriety, no art; lowness and grandeur, buf foonery and sublimity, are found in his works side by side. H13 tragedy is a chaos in which there are a hundred traits de lumiere' A pamphlet was published in Paris in 1761 purport ine to have been written by JtMme Carre', but which was well known to have been the work of Voltaire. Referring therein to the tragedy of 'Hamlet,' and of its popularity in England, he writes:— 'The chairmen, sailors, coachmen, shop boys, and clerks passionately love shows ; give them cockfights, bull-baiting, duels, gib'uets, ghosts or sorcery, and they will rush in crowds, and there is more than one great lord quite as curious as the populace.' And again, in reference to the same play :— 'A few traits of ginius, a few happv verses, strong and natural, earned the acceptac?- of the rest' That these were the sober outcome «i Vol taire's judement I certainly do not believe ; the fact was that the Parisians were becoming increasin'ly appreciative of our bard, and placing him on a 'far higher pedestal than that on which they had pre viously placed Mons. Voltaire, whose vanity was thereby wounded, and hence his writings on the subject in question was nothing more than the out come of his envy, animosity, and spleen.' ' John F. Joyce, Surgeon, No. 1 Company RTF' writes :?;-' If your correspondent ? Defence not' lie fianca' is so anxious that the public should not be misled m reference to the R.V.F. being unpaid, he should not try to blind them by throwing dust in their eyes^ Last year the members of the R.V.F. had to attend twenty drills to earn the capitation grant thereby reducing it to 13. 6d. per drill and no 3s. These same men have already paid out of their own pockets the sum of five thousand pounds for uniforms, &c.; In my letter a few days ago I stated -that ^ -we ate voluntarily almost self-supportinjr which the following facts will prove :-The Govern! ment allow us £200 per annum prize money ? eac man 100 rounds of cartridges per annum, £M0 ? and the capitation grant last year amounted to £75-} making our total cost to the country £1,350 The V.M.F., abont equal in numbers, costs the Govern ment about £25,000 per annum. The above needs no comment.' 'H.'— We cannot possibly find room for lone disquisitions on Theology and Philosophy, in whic the writers succeed chiefly in mystifying themselves. For- the future -we can onljr insert letters on Bible reading in State schools which deal exclusively with the practical aspects of the question, and above a are characterized by brevity. 