. ousebolb. ON SLEEP AND NERVOUS UNREST. By .r r?arse DocTon. ,THEns is, in this busy continent which the Blriton calls his home, a very large proportion of human beings-many of them well enough off, pecuniarily speaking-to whom the world is all a worry, and life a long-continued fever. People of this class are not invalids in the strict meaning of the term, although they oftentimes suffer far more than the generality of invalids. Pleasures they never know; hard work is a weariness; and yet they are unable to enjoy their leisure when they obtain it. Their symptoms, mental and bodily, taken collectively, constitute a disease which, for want of a better, I designate by the name of Snorous unrest. A person so suffering does not consider himself ill, nor is he looked upon as a subject for condolence by those with whom he comes Into daily contact. How could he be? He does not look a bit like the ghost of Banqno at the feast; when you meet him in the street the smile rises readily enough to his lips, and merriment even may sparkle in Ihis eye. If you search for anything lugubrious, you will search in vain. lie is a ready talker, a ready 'listener, and, in business, a perfect ready reckoner. If you ask his opinioni about any question of moment, you have not to wait long for your reply, lie will be down at the bottom of the page, down at the Q. E. D., in Sless time than it would have taken most men to arrange their premise. His friends say aof such a man, " Poor so-and-so I lie never was very robust in health, but how wonderfully lively he is " while his enemies--if ha has any-put him down as bird-witted, and pro. phesy his sudden extinction some day like the snuff of a candle. Very kind of both friends and foes, I must say, but, as a rule, both are in some degree mistaken. For, in all likelihood, hardly has he shaken hands with you, with a hurried ac revoir,r until he heaves a sigh; and if you 'could see your friend sometimes, when lie is all alone, you would not think there was e much ierrnment about him ; genuine, mind you, though his manner may have been when you met him in the street. In his moments of loneliness, were he to ask himself the question, " Am I'happy ?" the answer would be, " No; I never know what it means to be happy." Perhaps, though-and this is a proof of the truth of Pope's lines; HRop springs eternal In the Ihuman breast; S Ian neiaver is, but ahifays to be, blest" he opromises himself happiness iome day, even in this world, whei hle shall have done this, or accomplished that, or succeeded to that other, forgetting that true happiness lies only in contentment with one's present con. dition and legitimato lot in life. But while his friends may be right onough in sayinglthat"ourpftient-ofor so I must call him-was nover veSryobust, provided that he possesses blood ifreo 'fronm sny hereditary taint, and .a:hcart noot, ovetdilated, there is good chance of his'giving'his foes the lie, and not going out like thi snuff of . a candle. People suffering froinm this 'qver of life, this nervous umnrest, seldom look ,strong; they do not carry abundance of muscle, and therefore are unfit for any long-continued bodily strain; but, nevertheless, the strength of theirmusole, compared to its size, seems often out of all proportion, and this enables them to do in one hour that which it would take an'hiavily3 built mn three to perform. Do not marvel at this, pray, nor doubt the truth of what I am telling you.. Nervous force is a wonderful thing. I havo seen a boy of seventeen in a fit of- excitement and passion,, whom it re quired the united strength of four men to hold down. Nor do men who suffer from the comi plaint we are considering bend very easily be fore the storms of life, blow they ever so wildly ;.little things annoy them more, and sorrow itself, which seems at first ready to crush them, is, after a time, cast aside by tihe very resiliency of their nervous systems. And so, too, they may for a time succumb, and that readily enough, to the little ailments of life, to trifling colds, or rheums, or aches, but these seldom lead to anything very serious; they pass speedily awny, and the same causes which may produce deadly inflammations in the heavy-bodied and plethoric, will, ten to one, be productivein the nervous of only some trifling inconvenience. . The reader will observe that I' am. talking about the sufferer from nervous unirest,. as what people call a somewhatsparoe nan. And so lie is; a person of ,the true aervous" temperament is; never obese. But, it may be observed, do we not frequently see fat people Who are exceedingly tiervous?- No, I reply; the term is misapplied : such people suffer from timidity, not from true nervons ness ; and such timidity has. its seat at the heart, wlhich is generally flaccid or fatty, and always easily agitated. Your true nervous man is a brave man. He may-march into a battle, up to the cannon's mouth even, with a feeling of- dread, something tellihg him ihe will never return; but he goes there all the same, and onceface to face with something to fight, be it fire or sword or stormy wave, fear is all; all forgotten in the excitement of conquering or being conquered. They are heroes then. Yes; undoubtedly the houre of reaction comes sooner or-later, and they are low and miserable enough when it does;. but, after all, to people of the nervous tempera ment must be granted the credit of being the salt of the earth, and I really do not see how c this world could wag along without them. But, inasmuch as people who suffer from nervous unrest, arepossessors of a sorrow, none 'the less acute, because it is borne silently, and uncomplainingly-inasmuch as nervous unrest is a" wearying, heart-breaking burden in itself, that, if not easgd and lightened, in creases with years, bears down the'frame,. and even enshrouds with a- gloom that can not be penetrated, the latter end of many a long and useful life-therefore, I do not think I am wrong in considering it a disease, and trying to prescribe means forits alleviation. Well then, in the first place, the sufferer from nervous unrest, often longs for the quiet of retirement.' If free, he thinks, from the world's bustle and care, he would be all right. He longs for the wings of the morning, in. order to fly. away, and be at rest. This is a mistake. 'To be always basking. in the sun shine of excitement, always in the midst of the' battle of lifo, or always engaged itn the excit 'ing gamble of business, is killing, but a cer-' tain amount of excitement is necessary to the very existence of a person of the nervous tem perament. Without it, he would droop 'and die, like a tender plant placed in a semi darkened room; into which 'the sun never shines, nor the fresh air finds access. By judicious management of the digestive organs you 'supply the nerves witsh, the elements of nutrition. The great'objectlof the' nervous should 'be, as far as the body is concerned, to establish and keep up a correct balance between the blood and the nervous system. Sufferers from nervous unrest think and live faster than do' others, and there is a greater wasto of tissue, causing a drain on the system, which must be met by a due supply of healthy nutriment. It is when the demand is greater than this sup ply, that hours of depression ensue, hours of unhappiness and misery by day, and sleep lessness or broken rest at night. llegulation, and due selection.of diet are therefore im perative, if a certain degree of happiness and comfort in living is to be obtained. The state of the stomach and digestive organs must be 'carefully studied; whatever is known to dis agree must be avoided. The food should be taken as regularly as possible, day after day at the same hour, and not in too large quan tities. Aheartymeal,to the nervous,produces a certain degree. of excitement, which is as-' suredly followed by slight dyspepsia, the only symptoms of which may be poeeishness and irritability. The food should notboe sloppy, and too much liquid should be avoided. No work should be done for half an hour after eating. Breakfast should be early, dinner in the middle of the day, and supper three hours 'at least before going to bed. But a lunch or milk biscuit may be eaten a short time before re-.. tiring.' ,Perfect sleep will not be obtained if the stomach be entirely empty; indeed, going to bed with an empty stomach is generally followed by getting up next morning with that organ partially .disturbed by gas, nauseating juices, and bile itself. The food should be nourishing, but at the same time, substantial. The stomach is composed of muscular tissue, and deteriorates if not exercised: a truth which few are aware of, but which facts prove. But yon must do more: the blood must be as pure as possible; it must be decarbonised by plenty of fresh air; while the heart, the great centre propeller, must be invigorated and kept up to thenmark by a due proportion of exercise. This must on no account be carried to the verge of fatigue. Food, fresh air, and exercise act then on the nervous system through the blood, but' the nerves are directly braced and toned by means of the cold or 'tepid sponge-bath, with occa. asionally a warm vapour or hot-air bath.. Change of scene and change of climate'are nearly alhaysbeneilloial to the sufferers from nervous unrest.. Most cises are benefited by seaside:or mountain air; but to some, life in the' dountry parts where trees wave and fields arb green; is more soothing than cal mnatiove. But relaxing climates on the one hand,'and exciting on the other, are as a'rula to' be avoided.' When 'I speak of climates, I must be understood to mean those of our own country; but a sea-vo;age doeamuch good. Is thlere no relief to be had fronn medi cines? Sometimes there' is, but it is not well-sustained. Flying for help to the Pharmncol?tla is not a habit to bercom mended, and I would isdvism the nervdus patient to take no medicine ithsout first consulting a physician6-cod- liver oil probably excepted; but this ismore a food than a physio, and does much good as a calmotivo in cases where it is readily digested. SI have, last of all, to'say a'rwdord or two about slep-" tired Nature's sweet restorer." The italics are mine, not the poet's.. I wish there by to drawc the reader's attention to tie fact, that, unless a duoe proportion of muscular exercise be taken during the day, the sleep by night will not be refreshing. Exercise is the first preparation for sleep, and after cupper, which, I have already sand, should be early, thie mind mnust not be allowcd to cdwell upon any thougnhts tht excite or annoy. It is a good pIlan to read for some tilme'beforeo going to bed, and one pipe of good tobacco may be alloired. Do nbt read in bed, but read in your bedroom: pdrlnps lyitig on the sofa; in com. fortable ndeshablille, and ready, whenever tIhe inlinatioInto 'sleep steals over you, to get gently and softly between the sheets. Tlhe rooeir sihould be quiet ani dark; with' tie window-eurtihins drawn to exclude tlho too obtrnnivo mon!ing light.; Tie temponture of tli"room siotnll, if possible, be sustained at atbont i5 dog. or 60 dog. Bank the fire, else it vill go.out, and the temperature will fall, to your detriment. 'The bed itself should be moderately hard, but ~e'rys?~ odth anid oven, the bedclothes light and warmn, and the pillows soft and rather 1high. The room should.be judiciously ventilated, and the curtains should not go right round the bed. ?I need soarcely add thlat narcotics'or sleeping draughts aro most injirious, wliathor in tlsipof iat io or thataslow but cortaino'p6ison calledchloral hydrate. x In conelusion, if hovalues hi:li fo and co: fort, thboiuffererfromn nervouoli'res2t?st t'do his best to avoid over-oxciten~eiit of all kinda;i both bodily and mental, and endeavour to maintain thonens suoa incorpore sano, which, for once in a way, I must translato as a purn muind inii purobody. _.. . . , 