SIFTINGS. Gun footballers excited, but deter- minod. " Hot wind's have been prevalent in Adelaide. , An extraordinary number of people visit Butbergleh of a Sunday now., ,: The agricultural shows are nearly over. Only one or two remain. Land in NowYork was sold recently ; at the rate of £8.091,200 per bore; ' " "Wallace Boss says that Hanlan is afraid to. moot him. ., A shoal of whaleB has ; appeared at Portland Bay. : Chinese sailors'havh be permission to hind.in . ®'ppo0toleeley aud Sit Fv P. -re both to he inado peers, jomo splendid samples of tin afo being, got near Albury. \- A Boston ProfeOsor trie'd to nies- 'merizeabullrecently. Heis recovering. The fourpsnny-piocos ,havo been called in, and are rapidly disappearing. Sydney peoplo arerecovoring very slowly from their grief at tho destruc tion of the Garden palace. The military review of the Sonth Australian State school 'children passed off successfully. A negro plot to murder tho white inhabitants of a whole county in Alabama has boon discovorod; Arabi and his frionds stolo £200,000 out of tbo Egyptian treasury. during thoir robollion. It is said that Now Sputh "Wales has £00,000 of diamonds in stock for tho diamond drills. Tbo Protestant churches in Victoria afo about to enter into nn active crusado against tho Education Act. Tbo Sydney paintors have deter mined to strike on tho 2nd of next month. They want more pay. Hair grows much faster in summor timo than in winter. Tho busy timo for tbo hairdressers is coming on. Sir.Gnrnot Wolaoloy has, it is said, a brother who is managing u sheop station on tho Murray, Wangaratta people aro vory proud of their lost show. Thoy can't talk of anything olso. A Chinese adago says : " One foot in this boat, one foot in that ; thoy both push off, and you fall flat." \- Our Biove boipg new, does not work as well as it might do. It will pro bably bo in better order next week. . Last Sunday gave us a tasto of tho coming summer, and lost Monday of the going winter. A meeting has been hold in England and resolutions passed to prevent the importation of Chinese. A number of sign-boards wore transposed at Wahgunyah last Satur day night. \- 1'be Foreign Press is getting quite friendly to: England now that it, finds England doeb not care what attitude in assumes. If ono-hnlf of the world knew what the!0ther half says about; it, one-half of the world would punch the other half's head: \- The Border Brass Band - show a marked improvement each time they play. It's a long distance to perfec tion hut we, think they will reach it in time. i. The population of Viotoria up to tho SOtn June, according to the Go vernment Statist's quarterly .abstraot, was 892,545 persons. A parcel was found in the School of Arts, Bathurst, juBt before a land league meeting was about to bo held, marked " dynamite." It was opened very, .very carefully, and fotind to contain German sausage. , ; . Beechworth, according to one of the .local papers,' possesses a fire brigade which can show as brilliant a roll of succeBo as any Are brigade in Australia. It's well to think woll of ono's-solf. ' - The " Smiths " in the Sydney Par liament are giving trouble. When tho Speaker says " Mr. Smith has caught his eye," the wrong Smith' usually commences to speak. ' . . There was groat consternation , last Monday morning at an early hour in a Corowa' hotel. Some of the inmates thought they ' saw a ghost, np4 ' the nioise they made bad much sound and little melody in it.. Tho " ghost," however, turned out to bo a lodger who wasn't well. ' Now' that railway acoidents are too numerous to be pleasant, tho following linoB, which are not original, inay not. be out of place ; What iB life P 'Ti's but a vlBion. : Here I died by a oollision j Twenty more died, by the same ; Vordiot— " Nobody to blame." A young' gentleman,- who for some unaccountable reason, jealousy per haps, has taken a dislike to the Corowa Ftro Brigade, says. tbo wind last Sun day night blow, almost as hard as the membera of the Corowa brigade blow. At tlioir best, neither, oan equal George Louch on the eaiehorn. ' Officer of , tho PruBBian Guards, looking, at iho oceaii,. to his' , wifo: Isn't this a . glorious sight, .Minnie P But the soo' Booms agitatod-r-probobly has nbver before seen an bfficer of the Prussian Guards." . . Eliaa.Laycock announces, that ho it propared to mako a match with, any- body who likes to' stop forward, to row a Btraight. away raco in host and best boatB over the champion courso, Parramatta Biter, : ia six or eight weeks from date, for £200 a-side and the championship of Australia. , Mr.' T. McCallum, of tho 'Lower C'larenco district, lost, a Lincoln stal lion, for- wliibh' ho had lately, refused £150. On being opened, the, coating of the animal's stomach was found to he completely- . oaton through, and appcarsa as though it had heon par boiled.: This is attributed to feeding the horeo constantly on opgar-cono. I 