MISCELLANEOPS. j A congregation is often sold by the choife. Weaving is not the only business that looms up. Cssab was just as bitter as the Gaul he conquered. When is a lamp in a bad temper ? When it's put out, of course. On a . Bad Singer. — Swans sing before they die. 'Twere no bad thing should cer tain persons die before they sing. Wit and Wisdom. — The lilies of the field " toil not, neither do .they spin," but they have their blow out just the same. A noted aotress declares that she cannot live on 20,000dol. a year. Lots of people are in the same predicament, bnt it is because they cannot get the 20,000dol. " Mb. Smith," said a lady at a fair, ; " won't you please buy this bonnet to pre- . | Bent to the lady you love ?" " T wouldn't be right," said Mr. Smith ; " I'm a married man." Flies talk, so an English scientist says, but : as interviewers they don't come up to bees, and for - a stinging article they are far behind the intelligent but biting American mosquito. A lawyer asked a woman in the witness- box her ' age, and she promptly replied : " Old enough to have sold milk for you to drink when a baby, and I haven't got my money, yet." " Every trade has its special disease," says a writer on health ; and then he adds : " Printers usually have the hardest type, probably on account of the amount of 1 dead matter' lying around." " Have you ' Watts on the Mind?" solemnly asked a clerical-looking old gent of the roguish damsel behind the counter. No, sir," she answered, " but I have nine on one hand and two on the other. Are you a wart doctor ?" A drunken Scotch parishioner was ad monished by the parson. " I can go into the village," concluded the latter, " and come home again without getting drunk." " Ah, meenister, but I'm sae popular!" was the fuddled Scotchman's apologetic reply. An old Scotchman attributes the disap : pearance of ghosts from the Scottish moors to the custom of tea drinking at social meetings. It requires Scotch whiskey on the top of old ale to enable ft man to see a ghost really worth talking about. An Irishman (twin brother to the one who swore, " By the powers, he'd never go into the warter till he could swim") once putting on a new pair of boots, remarked, " Sure and s&rtin;, I'll niver be able to git on these infarnal boots till I've worn 'em at laist a wake." George Selwyn once affirmed that no woman ever wrote a letter without a post script. My next letter shall refute, said Lady G. He soon after received a long letter from her ladyship, on which, after she had ex hausted her subject, she added, " P.S. — Who is right now, you or I?" There was a great parade of soldiers, and little Mary, aged eight years, went to the door with her pet dog, Gyp, to see the pro cession move by. Like all little dogs, Gyp was saucy, and began to bark. Mary ran upstairs to her mother, exclaiming, " Oh, mama, come downstairs ; I'm afraid Gyp. will ; bite the army." HE Growls. — " Woman is ever ready to sacrifice herself to save man," says a Boston journal ; and the wicked Philadelphia Chro nicle exclaims : " True, too true ! Often she will do it with a kerosene can in hasten ing his breakfast." And what doe's man, the ungrateful wretch, do ? He growls about the expense. A little girl in Reading, Pa., recently saw a drunken old man lying on a doorstep, the perspiration pouring off his face, and a crowd of children preparing to make fun of j him. She took her little apron and wiped his face, and then looked up so pitifully to the rest, and made this remark : " Oh, say, don't, hurt him I He's somebody's grand papa." When little Minnie was two years old she asked for some water one night. When it was brought, she said : ' Papa, can't yon get me some fresh water ? This tastes a little withered." Her little sister Belle had been accustomed to a light in the room, and waked in deep distress, crying, " Me can't see, Aunt Bessie ; my eyes are all-blowed out." " Doctor," said a lisping, fashionable belle, who had graduated at a board school, to a gentleman who had just been introduced to her at an evening party : " Doctor, which do you prefer, tholidity of intellect or fcril- lianthy ? Thum admire tholidity ; but ath for me, as Shakethspere thayth in hith Bride of Abydoth,' I prefer tholidity and brilli&nthy; combined." The doctor sank into the nearest chair exhausted. A traveller on the Ohio overheard an odd dispute between two boatmen. Said the first : " That was an awful winter, I tell you. The river was froze tight at Cincinnati, and the thermometer went down to twenty de crees below Cairo." " Below which ?" queried his puzzled mate. " Below Cairo, you lubberhead You see, when it freezes at Cairo, i' must be pretty cold; so they say so many degrees below Cairo." The uncon vinced one replied : " No, they don't, you've got the wrong word ; it's so many degrees below Nero. I don't know what it means, but that's what they say when it's dreadful cold." Wedded at Last. — William Shepard and Miss Kate Stearns were married on the 8th inst., at St. Columbkill's Church, by Father Riley. £he two parties who were married were raised together in Jonesburg, Mo. They were engaged, and for some reason the en gagement was broken. Shepard Went away to the east, and found his former sweetheart a widow ; she had been married. Her hus band, Ira Stearns, was kilted in a railroad accident. She had' two children. He wooed again, and won once more, but again the hand of fate put in; They were separated once more, and Mr. Shepard went away. He married a Miss Lou Borde&u;, and she soon after -died. He, a widower, again met his former sweetheart, and . circumstances being even on both sides, lie wooed again, and this time there was no separatiop. They marriedi End nitiely wound up the pretty little romance clinging around their lives. 