P A R L I A M E N T. 1 LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday, Ootoher 5. The Si'eakru took the chair at 4.80 p.m. ol! estions. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Yaughan, said that there would be no objection to state the approximate value of all tbo public buildings in New ScuthWale., and the probable sum of money that would be re quired to pay the premium for insuring the same at current rate?, but considerable time would he required to furni.sk the information. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Abigail, said that he could not undertake to bring in a Civil Scrvico Bill during the presont session. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. M'Elhone, for Mr. Fergusson, said that ten men had been tram conduc tors for 24 months, and they were getting iucrcascd pay by virtue of such length of service, Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. M'Elhotie, for Mr. Copelnnd, 'said that instructions wero issued to tho Colonial Architect for the preparation of plans, drc., for the new court-house at Uraila, ou the 25th May last, and they wero now completed, Tenders for the erection of the new court-house would he opened on the JIat instant. Sir HENRY PARlvKS, in reply to Mr. M'Elhone, said that it waa not a fact that the Government, or auy member of it, iccommcndcd or suggested that the honour of knighthood should be conferred on Sir (then Mr.) Saul Samuel, or that they were in any way privy & any such recommendation, or instru mental iu obtaining the honour for the Agent- General ; but ho should be sorry for any answer he gave to be held to imply that the Government, in any way whatever, disapproved of the distinction conferred on Mr. Samuel. Whilst in London Sir Ilenry had read a letter from Lord Kimberley to Sir Saul "(then Mr.) Samuel, in which he was asked whether it would be agreeable to him to accept tho honour of a K.C.M.G.-ship. in which case Lord Kimbcrlev said he would have much pleasure in re commending him to the Queen. He knew of no per son in New South Wales more worthy of tbe distinc tion. Dr. RENWICK, in reply to Mr. Day, for Mr. Cass, said that tbe road lately surveyed from Warren to Coonamble passed through Crown land, and he was informed that action wa? now being taken by the Department of Lnnds towards the with drawal from lease of the laud embraced by the roiul. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Cooke, said it was re ported that a meeting in tho interests of the Irish Land League wns held in tho hall of the Bathurst School of Arts on Thursday, the 21st day of September last. The hall was erected on land granted by tbo Government for a school of arts, but he could not state the amount of the subsidy given by tbe Go vernment for its erection. It was also reported in the Press that a similar meeting had been held in the Orange School of Arts. This hall was not erected on land granted by the Government. A subsidy had been given towards its erection, but he could not state the amount. Mr. LACKEY answered several questions asked by Mr. T. R. Smith, with regard to loco motive workmen, engine-drivers, and firemen employed ou tbe Western Railway. He stated that additional hands hnd been sent to Penrith, so that the hours of uctual work of the staff might Lo reduced to about 50 hours per week for six days. Beyond this no instructions had been given, and it would be impracticable to fix any hard ami fast rule in this respect. Sixty hours for the week was the recognised standard, but efforts had been made to reclnce them below that number. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Kerr, said that the officials who wero paid at a daily rate on the Western line, were allowed overtime payment for Sunday woik, and those on fixed salaries were allowed holi days at convenient times. messages FROM Trtli GOVKMNOR. Messages wore received from the Governor assent ing to the Acts for enabling defendants to give evi dence in certain cases, and to amend the Acts to regu late the admission of barristers. forest lodge, NEAR tarlo, estate 1111.1,. On the motion of Mr, Tkkce this Bill was intro duced and read a first time. art l, Af.i.KUY AM) pjiee itbuc i.inilAHT. Sir HENRY PAUKES rose to move his resolutions on this subjett. Mr. A. STUART u?ked if Ida honourable friend meant to go cn with the matter at so short a notice. »Sir HENRY PARKES said he did. He then moved— u That this House approves of the site lately occupied by tbo Garden Palace being set apart and appropriated as the site of n National Gallery of Art ; tint this House approves of a suitable portion of the land now occupied by the Benevolent Asylum and the residence of the Inspector General of Police, in Pitt-street south, being set apart and appropriated as the site of a Pre® Public Library; that' competi tive designs for both edilicc3 be invited from all the Australasian colonies, nud that the designs shall pro vide for aa elevation by dome or tower, which shall form a conspicuous object of attraction in the ap proaches to the city frcin the eea on the one eide ami by land on the other ; that tbe designs adopted by the Government, witu au estimate of cost, shall bo laid before both Houses of Parliament for the term of one calendar month before any contract is entered into for the erection of said edifices ; that, subject to the foregoing condition?, and the appropriation of money for the purpose, the erection of both edifices shall be commenced and carried out to completion with tbe least possible delay." lie said the questions rained in the moLiou were of a nature to demand impartial consideration from all sides of the House. He would address himself to them impartially, and hoped that they would be so considered, and other matters not brought in. He would only allude to the destruction of tbe Garden Palace livst, ho far as to point out that it was no new thing for a great Are to arise in a great city. De vastating fires had, in many cases, laid waste largo parts of great cities. The great lire at Chicago and other towns did not cause the inhabitants of those towns to sit down and weep, but set them to build up the city in a more handsome and sub stantial manner. There was iu their own city the destruction of St. Mary's Cathedral, under which their Roman Catholic feiiow-citizcns did not sit down idly, but built a more magnificent cathedral. That was why he and his col leagues thought it better to bring forward the present motion at once, and, at the same time, to deal with the matter of the Free Public Library, and ho hoped to show that the Parliament sho'uld givo sanction to their proposals. Mr. FAUNELL : It was panctioned 80 years ago. Sir HENRY PARKES: Then it saya very little for the energy of my honorable friend when in office. Sir Henry went on to say that the Government con sidered that nn Art Gallery and a Free Public Library had distinctions. The Art Gallery was first for the use of art students, aud in a less definite degree for the u?c of tho public, to cultivate in them a love for the beautiful. That being so, the Art Gallery should be surrounded by objects of beauty, and the Art Gallery they proposed to erect would be situated on a most uiagniticent .site, approached by scencH of beauty, and have close by one of the most beautiful botanical gulden in the world. The Art Gallery and its surroundings, then, would be in per fect harmony. The case was different with the Library. People who went there went to make them selves acquainted witli the thoughts of the dead and the immortal, and it should be in a simple aud accessible situation, as were the great libraries of the world— those of the British Museum and of Melbourne, for instance. In the latter, visitors must notice how the occupants wcro absorbed in study, and did not regard external influences, lie had already pointed mif iirm- HiiiL:ih1ii till) Mltft nf tlm frnril.ni was for a National Gallery of Art, to be lilted in time by works of painting and sculpture. The site for the Free Public Library had been selected for obvious reasons, not on thu edge of the city or for the mere adornment of some part of the city, but for the benetlt of the whulu city iu the midst of its population, and giving free acce?s to tho working people and others who dwsireil lo U3cit. Its site was m this respect a noble one. On thu eastern side were ait the great suburbs, fast fflling up with the homes of the people, on thu west side the same, on the south flido tho railway suburbs fast linking Sydney with Parrauiattn, and ou the north the old aud densely built city. And it would be seen that tho Library would be in the centre of the popu lation. They were not building for to-day, but for the near future when population would greatly increase, Tho buildings should be architectural ornaments to thu city. After the Oar- den Palace had been built, no one approached Sydney by sea without admiring it. They proposed to re produce a building of the same striking and beautiful appearance, Persons who now entered Sydney met with a flat and uninviting view. The Government thought it rigbt, whilst having a building suitable for the purposes for which it was erected, to have also one which should he an ornament to tho city. It was proposed to invite designs for tho build ings from tbo whole of tho Australasian colonies, uot out of any distrust In tho Colonial Architect, but from u desire to impress into the service of the Government the best architectural talent in tbo colonics. The fourth resolution provided that nothing should be done without the sanction of Parliament. Tho object of the fifth resolution was that a portion of the building might bo speedily occupied, whilst their completion might take up sevunil year. Hu thought he had said sufficient to show what wcro tho object of tho Government iu asking, tho House to assent to tho resolutions. Tho Government attached no little importance to the necessity for pro viding the best education possible for such men aud women iu tho country us showed a talent for art. Whatever time had been wasted iu erecting a Free Pub lic Library, llioy now desired to hco such an institution built. Government thought they would have the sympathy of the country in this matter, aud that they had brought it forward in a manner calculated to enlist that sympathy. They had given their reasons for separating the buildingH and making the Library accessible to that class for which it waa most necessary— tho manual labour class ; and trusted tho House would consider tho resolutions impartially, nnd with the sole viow to tho moral advancement of tho peoplo. Tho resolutions had uot been suggested to tbo Government, but had bceu framed to meet tho wants of the colony. No site could bo more Buitable than that proposed for tho Ait Gallery, and nono was nvailablo but that chosen for tho Library. The whole country was interested in these buildings. On special occasions tbo Library would be of groat value, and even at any' time it would improve the largo population in and qround Sydney, to tho Art Gallery, it would bo attended by students from all parts of the country, and would be open to nil country peoplo whenever they visited tho metropolis and thus it wo.uld in-, fluenco tho wholo colony. ' n submitting tho reso lutions, ho had no object to sorvo but to. carry out what thoy proposed, and lie trusted he would he credited with singleness of purpose in doing so. It would be a pitiful nyittcr if ho could not divest him self of other consideration?, Ho had but ono object, and that was to serve tho best interests of bis follow- countrymen. Mr. STUART thought It waa extraordinary to bring forward tho question at so short a notice. They wore called together at a late period, and it socrncd etiauge thoy should bo nsked, in the midst of ?o much business, lo build a Public Library and Art Gallery. He urged that they should consider, not the time at which the motion was made, but the merits of the cases. Regarding tho proposition to appropriate the Garden Palace site for the erection of a Public Gallery of Art, his hon. friend had drawn a picture of the beauty of the site and its admiration by visitors to the harbour. No person could deny the beauty of tho site, as it stood almost unrivalled in the world. The question went a little beyond the beauty of the situ ation, or the erection of an Art Gallery on its site. With the causes which led to tho Are — tho un- searched debris remained fresh in his memory — yet un investigated — (hear hear)— -it seemed that it was has tening them onward with too much speed. The hon. gentleman had also drawn snub pictures of cities which had sprung up on ruins, that one almost wished Lhc whole city were destroyed by flames. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) Tho question was one which must be discussed in cool aud calm delibera tion. With regard to the erection merely of an Art Gallery, one of the questions which would arise would be, whether they were in a position to erect something worthy of the site— (hear, hear)— something that would command the admiration of visitors to the harbour. When he recollected with what diffi culty the Art Gallery was commenced, nnd the enormous expenditure required, he could see there was a great deal to be gone through before any reso lution they might come to would have any practical effect. (Hear, hear.) To build such a structure as that suggested it would take three years before they could get a picture in the place. Lot tli£m rather consider what steps could at once be taken to pro tect their pictures (hear, hear) at present in the Domain building. The hon, member had said the idea of erectlug a Library ou the site of the Benevo lent Asylum in George-street was the idea of the Government. It seemed a matter of supererogation to tell them that ; but was it a suitable site ? He considered not. Surrounded by the screeching of trains and tramways, it secuicd to possess none ot tho qualitications for the calm uud thoughtful study so necessary to those who visited libraries, and which was so ably put forward by the Premier. Let them look at the increasing traffic. Long before the build ing could be completed they would see the whole of the site was required for a railway station. Sir HENRY PARKES: Certainly not. Mr. STUART said that it stood upon the records of the House. Sir HENRY PARKES: It does not. Mr. STUART: What stands on the records of the House? air HENRY PARKES : That the site intended for the new law courts was better than that in Elizabeth- street. Mr. STUART said the site on which stood St. James' school was determined to be the site of the Free Public Library, and that tho new Law Courts should be near Hyde Park, and it was intended to reverse the site?. (Cries of 41 No !" from the Ministry.) Mr. STUART referred to the speech of the Premier of the 15th March, 1-SS1. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: Why not keep to the resolution ? Mr. STUART : Nobody knew better than Sir John Robertson that the question settled that night (15th March) was the site for the new Law Courts and Free Public Library. Mr. CAMERON; There was nothing in the reso lution with regard to tho Law Courts. Mr. STUART said Mr. Cameron was changing tbo position now. Who said there was anything about the Law Courts ? The question they were to consider was, should they approve of the appropriation of a site for tho Library. Ho said the House would stultify it9clf if it were to npprove the second reso lution, unless it were to immediately rescind the. re solution which said that the laud at the top of King- street was tuorc suitable for a library than that iu Elizabeth-street. The St. James School site was re sumed for the purpose. Having looked at every place in the town, it was put Forward that the'site iu Elizabeth and Castlcrcagh streets was the better site. But what did thcHouHu do? It accepted the motiou of the hon. member for East Sydney, that the site at thu head of Hyde Park was tho better site. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said the Benevolent Asylum site was better still. Mr. WISDOM said "Log rolling." Mr. REID said the Government wero insulting the House when tbo aspect of affairs did not suit them. Mr. STUART said that 15 or 18 months ago the Government were deeply impressed with the desira bility of tho St. James' school site, and thought it was the best that could possibly be obtained. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: No. Mr. STUART said if tho hon. member had heard the Premier's speech he would bear him out iu what he said. He would repeat that it was necessary to rescind the motion of March, 1881, if they wished to carry the motion beforo the House. liad the hon. member suggested that the site of the Garden Palace should be made the site for a number of magnificent buildings, and gave up tke views held in March, 1881, it would have been different. What did the Govcrnmeut care for the resolution ? No money had been put on the Estimate?. . Sir JOHN ROBERTSON : No, no. Mr. STUART said he did not nay the House waa bouud to adhere to tho site decided upon. If abetter site waa found it should bo considered, but no pains had been taken to contrast the site of the Benevolent Asylum with that at the head of Ilyde Park, llad the Government been so anxious as they appeared to be, why did not they push on matters ? The House did point out in a most unmistakeable wav that it was the best available site, and ho said the Benevo lent Asylum site wa? available at that time. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: No. Mr. STUART said, with regard to the " cential " position of the Benevolent Asylum, that was not the only question to bo considered. Was tho site one winch was the best to arrive at by the majority of residents ? There was nothing in tho site to recommend it as against the St, James's site, King- street site, or the Garden Palace site. What about the access to tho Library from North Shore, if they were to have a bridge— (hear, hear)— Bahuain, VVaverlcy, or Paddingtou? Were they to pause and let everything be nt a standstill— the important Land Bill end other measures — to con sider a question which the Government had neglected for 18 months ? (Hear, hear.) He thought the matter might have stood over, and in voting against the re solutions, he wished to be understood that he was not behind the Premier in the question of this great and growing city having a Free Public Library and Art Gallery. Ilis objections wero that tho time was in opportune, and he objeoted to the site. Mr. G'OPELAND rose to a point of order, on the third section of the motion. It was clear the designs would necessitate a considerable expenditure of money. He thought the motion should havo origin ated in committee, and he submitted the motion was not properly beforo the House, according to the pro cedure of the House of Commons. Sir HENRY PARKES said the resolution merely conveyed the expression of opinion of the House, not ono word was said about the expenditure of money. No steps could be taken until tn appropriation by Parliament had been passed. Mr. It. B. SMITH held the motion did not affect thu expenditure of public money, although it affirmed tho principle. Messrs. JACOB and FAUNELL supported the point of order. Mr. FORSTER said they had to decide whether tho words " for the appropriation of a sum of monev" referred to the motion. Mr. WLSDUM held that before the appropriation of money, Parliament must be consulted, Mr. STUART held that the second section of the resolution appeared to be much more fata), ami he would support Mr. Copeland. The SPEAKER thought the House would bo per fectly competent to consider sections 1 and 2 of tnu motion, nnd throw out No. <1. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said that a large sum of money was voted for the Free Public Library, aud the second section did not, therefore, involve an expenditure which had not already been provided for. Mr. FORSTER aaked whether tho motion could be put to thu House, a portion of it having bceu ruled out of order. Mr. FARXELL said the motion must be put as a whole. The SPEAKER said he thought the sections other than the third might be put. The House could vote that they he taken icriatun. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON asked the reason of the attempt by the Opposition to smother the proposition. Tho Premier in submitting tho question wished it to be considered by the representatives of the people, and the leader of the Opposition desired to snatch it awav. The hon. member had said that the site of tho Benevolent Asylum was nvailablo at the time the Government took tho St. James's site. The first named site did not belong to the Government — who would nob take from a benevolent institution its site, ami which wub not open to them ; bub siucothnb time the trustees had offered the site, and its purchase was recommended by the people. During the absence of Sir llenry Parkes Mr. FAllNELL : That accounts for it. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: Accounts for what ? Mr. FARXELL : The milk in the cocoanut. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON continuing, said wlion the St. James's site was agreed upon, the Government conld not have Mr. COPELAND asked whether the resolution was before tho House. The SPEAKER paid section 3 wns not beforo the House, and if the Ilou-m dcoided that tho sections be taken nerhifim it would do ao, but at present it wns opin lo the House to discuss the whole with the ex ception of section 3. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said the point of order was mined to burke the power of the. representatives of the people. He supposed the Opposition members would follow their leader. Tho sito of thu Benevo- lent Society's buildings was not open to the Govern ment at the time the resolution was going on. If his hon. friend (Mr. Ileid) wished to say the Colonial Architect's sito was a proper one, why did ho notdoso. The hon. member might say that another site was a better one, and he had all his Hfo been advocating a Free Library ; but for his action u Free Library would have been erected. A proposition had been put on tho paper during many years past for a free library, but it appeared that, "hit high or hit low," the Government were alwayi in the wrong place. He would support any Government who would bring forward a reasonable proposition to carry out the idea of a Free Library. 'J,'he real matter was whether tho site was u correct ono or not, Eyory year tho city would grow, uud the Benevolent Asylum, would he more aud more tho centre of the city. The Benevolent Asylum site was tho best site, and in taking it they did no harm to anybody, Mr. REID. said that the Colonial Secretary had spoken in very touching terms of tho Iosb sustained by tho destruction of tho Garden Palace, bnt the effect of that loss waa to wako up the Government to the necessity of building a largo library. Am:dnt thu expenditure of the millions of money during 20 years, where did thoy find a glimmer of zeal for the crootion of an institution whose importance had been so vividly placed before them that night. Tho Government were during that time playing the game of " ins and outs." With regard to tueir twitting?, they would find that many of tho most eminent statesmen commenced their career In debating clubs, which the Secretary for Lands had thought right to socor against, Tho Secretary for Lands ta'kcd about the point of order being raised as an attempt by the Op position to smother tbe discussion on the motion of the Government. He would say that the resolution? wero a skilful attempt to smother the intentions of the Parliament of the country. They wero tjuutcri with a deliberate attempt to prevent 'the erection of the premises, but it was a monstrous and contempti ble charge. If the Government had only becu a little zealous during the past 20 years, the Library might have been built before he (Mr. Reid) was a member. No tender was called for tbe erection of the Library until the end of 1880, but from the month of July, 1870, the Government had the sum of £150,000 in their hands to construct the work, and it was not until Government were waited on by a deputation, they were alive to the consequence of the money lapsing. Hi? lir.st political act was to go to the Miuislcr for Land and say that the Elizabeth street site was not so good as that at the top ol King- street. A deputation waited on thu Ministers, and made a distinct request. It was stated the greatest weight would bo given to the suggestion? ; but a short time after ho (Mr. Reld) received a letter from the Government, stating that they could not alter thoir views, whereupon he tabled a resolution, which wa? alluded to as a " milk-and-water motion." Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: Hear, hear. Mr, REID said that hi? resolution, when carried, became the voice of the House. In the House a great many attack? had been made on tbe Opposition ; but one of the most disgraceful attacks, was made that very night by the hon. Attorney-General saying that he was endeavouring to resort to 11 log-rolling." lie did not know what it meant ; but what motive could he personally have in thequestion of the Public Library? He had certainly spoken to lion, mem bers as to the importance of the subject. Had the Government not shown that thoy had treated the previous motion on the subject with studied con tempt? The Government had refused a site in Eli- z.ubeth-.Htreet, ami called for tenders, when the House suggested the nite at the top of King-street was a better one. The hon. Colouial -Secretary had ad dressed the House in a calm and rational manner, which was not observed by the Secretary for Linda, According to the speech of the Colonial Secretary the question before tbe House was whether they should abandon the ?ite in Elizabeth-street for the site in King-street, and it was decided that they should do so. It was again shown that it wa? a question of the law court? and Public Library. The hon. gentlcmau told them that night that the site nt the top of King-street was for the purpose of lawcourt?, They found that the Government had estab lished an infant navy without tbe assent of Parliament; that they could buy a residence in the country for the Governor ; nnd actually the Government thought so little of the respect due to the House that they went Into Committee of Supply, but did not take the first opportunity of covering the expenditure by a proper supply vote. But a uew spirit came over the House, aud they adopted a new departure. How wa? it, as moucy wa? voted for the erection, aud plans had for many year? been prepaicd for tho courts of justice at the ton of King-street, that that subject did not limiru as No. 3 of that resolution ? The Govern ment had not dared to allow the erection of a a dome or tower which shall form a conspicuous object of attraction in the approaches to the city from the sea on the oue side, nnd by land on the other," without providing a special resolution to that effect. They must al«o have a formal resolution to the effect that the edifices should be carried out without delay, when it was their duty to carry them out without delay. It seemed that, after all the labour and travail of the Government in bringing forth tho.e edifices, it wa? quite naturil thuy should chorine the site of the Lying-in Hospital for their reception. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) They were told about the site which bad railway traffic on one Mile, a graveyard on the other, ami a police station on the other, that there should be no difference of opinion in the matter. Fifteen years after' the money was voted the Government said they would shortly con sider the matter. Could a Public Library be placed in a position more noisy ordunty than that suggested, viz., the Benevolent Asylum site? The Commission, whose special duty it was to consider tho question, brought up a report, dated 12th March, 1880, in which they agreed that the situ at thu top of King-street was tho correct ono. The main point of tho Premier's speech was, that the site he proponed would, in the future, be the centre of the city, but lie (Mr. Reid) contended it wns not a Sydney question after all — (hear, hear)— not a question of accommo dating bookworm?, but of a national institution. (Hear, hear.) He held that be could not be accused of obstructing a design — but it suited the Colonial Secretary for Land? to blame him. While warmly supporting the first resolution, possibly he would oppose the second one. Hoiv could anyone say what would be the centre of the city 30 years hence ? Tbe Premier pictured the vast tract of waste land called North Shore ns thu centro of the city at. the bauqiict tendered him before his departure for England. In conclusion, he contended the library should he placed on a site which would attract everybody, awaken tho best taste? of the community, auu conduct them to intellectual comforts. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CAMERON, whilst giving tho hon, member every credit for a desire to see the work in question progres®, was opposed to having one that would not serve the purposes of the great mass of the people. The present Public Library was only conveuiunt to a few public servants and residents of our aristocratic quarter, ami vet the hon. member, in erecting a new Public Library, desired it to be erected within a few hundred yards of the pre sent. Whilst pressing the claim? of the working classes in this matter, he had no desire to ?ce the Public Library erected in the interest? of any class. Mr. Cameron quoted statistics to show that the situ proposed for tho Public Library by the Government wa? the mo?t centrally situated as regarded popu lation. The objection that the situ was in thu middle of a graveyard came curiously from an honourable member who advocated the coh» deration of quietude in choosing a site. Did the honourable member think the ghosts of the dead would rise and disturb tho studio? of the living ? He trusted never to sco the neighbourhood of tho proposed Library utilised for a railway station, which, whenever a new station was necessary, should be in a different locality, on the shores of tho harbour. He denied that the passing tram-cars would disturb reading people, or that by carrying tho present resolution the House would Htultify itself. As to the manner in which Mr. Reid had carried a resolution on this question previously, he (Mr. Cameron) would say that Mr. Reid had developed a mode of Parliamentary practice of which ue wns the sole author, and for which he de served tho solo credit. That was going round tho House with a piece of paper and a pencil and getting the name? of members favourable to a motion before iroposing it. Ue bad done this, and so bad got Mr. Cameron to accompany him on n deputation, at which, as was usual with him, be (Mr. Reid) had monopolised nil the talking. That was how the resolution was curried by a narrow majority of four, and the great majority of the poople of Syd ney the day after the resolution was carried, grumbled and regretted at laving the Free Public Library placed on the edge of the population. There was always tho difficulty, of course, in advocating any question in Parliament, of having unworthy motives imputed by Mr. M'Elhone, but that did not matter, lie deprecated making thin a local question, but if it were made one, they should at least con sider the southern as well as the northern end of the town. When Mr. Reid quoted the opinions of the Free Public Library trustees on the subject of a site, he bhould remember that they did not know at the tune that the situ now proposed wa? available ; and, with all due respect to the trus tees, the members of the House were quite as capable of forming an opinion on the subject as were the trustees. A building of any height on the site pro posed would command n view of unexampled beauty. They should not select a site which would ideuso a minority, hut that which would please n largo majo rity of tbe people. Mr. GARRETT admitted tlmt the House conld form an opinion as well a? the trustees of the Library as to thu sito, but contended that by passing Mr. Reid'.? resolution last session, members had passed au opinion. He was quite in favour of replacing that noble structure— the Garden Palace— witu au equally noblo structure, but he was opposed to moving against the resolution of the House previously passed ns to the site for a Library. The reasons given by tho Government were purely senti mental, aud, taking it that way, the south eud of the city had already noble building?, in the shape of the University, its affiliated College?, and the Alfred Hospital. Tho question of noblu buildings, however, had nothing to do wilh evokiug genius, but it was good policy to occupy the noblest sites of a uoble cltv bv noble buildings. And from that point of view, thu Government pro posal to .build n Library iu the neighbourhood of Paddy's market was ridiculous. To get anything like a view, too, from that site, would require a tower rivalling in height the Tower of Babel. He dis ci aimed all personal or party feeling in discu'ssiag thequestion. Their whole object, as inhabitants of a great city, was to tuuko it attractive and beauti ful. Mr. M'ELHONE ventured to Bay that if tbo Go vernment bad proposed to put the Freo Public Library on top oi the Bluu Mountains Mr. Cameron would have supported thorn, as he was a thick and thin supportor oi any Government ho followed. Ho considered that thoro was room enough at the top of King-street to build an Art Gnllery, a Free Public Library, nnd new Courts of JusLice. Tho Govern ment had evaded their responsibilities in this matter. They, tho strong Government, should have placed the money on tho estimates, und then, as a Govern ment, tried to carry their resolutions, instead of acting in a sneaking manner, and trying to cast tho responsibility on the House. The whole thing >va? Bmmmngcia, nnd characteristic of the Colonial Secretary, from whose personal appearance nothing classic could he expected. Sir PATRICK JENNINGS would not think of that as- a party question, nor would hu go iuto re criminations as to previous debates, but would ad dress himself to the resolution. He considered the site of the Garden Palace as good a site as any for an Art Gallery, though hu was not sure that thu sito was not so beautiful that it would be a pity bo build on it ut all. However, if it were to be built upon, it should, to produce tho desired elVect, be occupied by a very largo building. The Garden Palace covered five acres of ground, and an Art Gallery would not occupy half that uroa, It was not uncommon, how ever, to have national collcotions of literature, science, nnd art under one roof, as witness tbe YatL oau Library, Museum, nnd collcotion of sculpturo and painting nt Rome. Ho declined to consider tho population argument in connection with a publio library, whioh was for tho use of student?, whilst the literary wants of the publio in other directions were served by the Mechanics' Institutes and Schools of Arts, which were established everywhere. Ho did not see why there should be haste or hurry in deciding tho question. He would, however, vote against putting a Free Public Library on what seemed to him a most unsuitable site, Mr. H ENSON replied to objections made against tho resolutions, that they interrupted publio and pointed out that their necessity arpjaq i;oiu thu unexpected catastrophe of the di?-trv<ction of tho Garden Palace. As a director of the Benevolent Asylum, bo would testify that the deliberations of the directory were not in the least interrupted by the noiso of passing tram cars. Mr, COPELAND agreed with the views hold on the question by Mr. Stuart and by Mr. Reid, but could not understand why tbe Government could not put the Art Gallery and the Public Library and a Museum on ono site, either where the Benevolent Asylum wns, ur where the Garden Talacc had been, aud thu? put up a large building. He proposed an amendment, "Tlmt the Art Gallery and Free Public Library should bo built upon the situ at tho top of King-street." The site of the Garden Palace conld then be used for building new Parliament House?, or restored to it? original purposes. Mr. POOLE was of opinion that the result of the figures given by Mr. Cameron, tended to show the site proposed, viz., that of the Benevolent Asylum, was not far enough south. According to tho figures, it appeared that there were 147,000 people living to the south of the site. Ho considered, as far as the weslurn, southern, and eastern suburbs wcro con cerned, the site at the top of King-street was far superior in comparison with that of the Benevolent Asylum. Mr. BAPGEUY did not think ho had pledged himself when hu previously voted for any particular site. He expressed himself iu favor "of the sito proposed by the Premier, which would in the future, as at present, meet tho demand. Ho cpntcndcd they should study tho interest? of the country peoplo ami place the Free Public Library In a position where everybody conld call in going to and from their home?. Hu did not know that they were justified in proposing large expenditures of public money, nnd ho did not know how it would affect the labor market. Mr. GARRETT, although preferring tho King- street site to that of Elizabeth-street, contended that his opinions were not tied up as to the question of obtaining even a better site— (hear, hear)— even though ho had previous voted for the King-street site. He did not believe the Government wished to thwart those who desired the extension of the lino from lledferu to tho Circular Quay by the motion before the House. Hu did not think a very small building would be sufficient for tho puqioe of storing work? of art in 50 year? to come. Ho believed tho policy enunciated by the Government waa the correct thing. Mr. PIGOTT said he would vote against the motion, which he regarded a defiance and a challenge to the members who wished tbe railway extended to the Circular Quay, and it was totally opposed to Mr. Reid's previous motion. Hu thought the site pro posed by the Government was too expensive. The site of the late Garden Palace would l>a the best for the erection of a new Government House, as he believed the situation of the present Government House would be required for a railway terminus. He wouiu suggest Cock Park for a Free Public Library. Mr. SMITH roso to a point of order. The hon, member was now discussing a question which would couie on next week. Tho tenor of the hon. member's remark? was with reference to a railway. The SPEAKER thought tho hon. member (Mr. Pigott) was going a little beyond tho bounds in his discussion. Sir HENRY PARKES said the speech of tho hon. member was that the proposition of thu Government would have tho effect of putting it forward that they intended to block tho railway extension. He rose to a point of order on the ground that thu hon. member was imputing dishonourable conduct to other mem bers of the House. Mr. riGOTT said hu had not the slightest inten tion to impute dishonourable conduct to any hon. member?. Continuing, ho said thu resolution, if carried, would block thu railway from being carried to thu Circu'ar Quay. Ue was iu favour of having the Art Gallery and Public Library under one roof, He womd vote against the motion. Mr. KiDl) said if he thought the erection of tho Library on thu xito proposed by the Government would piuvunt tho railway being taken to the Circu lar Quay, he would vote against it. Hu agreed that thu Art Gallery should be of lurge dimensions. Mr. DOUGLAS agreed with the site of tho Art Gallery being in the Oarden Palace grounds, and hoped that the Government would see that tho Art I Gallery and Library would be under one roof, and J amend their motiou accordingly. That was as far as j ho would go in supporting the motion. Hu protested against the carrying out of thu work nt the present time (hear, hear), not' that it should not he done in thu future, hut there wero other works which de manded attention. A large number of public schools were at a standstill for want of labour, and he thought they should not put their labour in non productive works. He would express his unqualified opinion that the present was au inopportune time. Mr. II. (J. DANGAR spoke in favour of tho ad journment of thu question, as it required further discussion. Sir HENRY PARKES agreed to an adjournment, nnd the debate was accordingly postponed, and its resumption made an order of the day for Wednesday next. ADJOURSMKNT. The House at 11.17 adjourned until the next day. 