THE 13AY OF SEVEN ISLANDS. The skipper sailed out of the harbor mouth, Leaving tlie apple-bloom of the South For the. ice of the Eastern seas, I11 bis fishing schooner Breeze. Handsome and brave ami young was he, And the maidens of Newbury sighed to see Bis lessening white hail full Under the sea's blue wall. Through tlie Northern Gulf and the misty screen Of tiie isles of Miiigin and Madeleine, St. Paul's and tilaiie Sablon, Tlie little Breeze sailed on Backward and forward along tlie shore Of wild and desolate Labrador, And found at last her way To the seven Islands Bay. The little hamlet, nesting below Great bills white with lingering snow, With its tin-roofed chapel stood Half hid in the dwarf spruce wood ; Green-turfed ilower-sown, the last outpost Of Bummer upon the dreary coast, With its gardens small and spare, Sad in the frosty air. Hard by where the skipper's schooner lny, A fisherman's cottage looked away Over isle and hay, and behind O11 mountains dim-defined. And there twin sisters, fair and young, Laughed with their stranger guest, and sung In tiii-ir native tongue the lays Of the old 1'roveiical days. Alike were they' save the faint outline Of a scar on Suzett's forehead fine; And both, it so befell, Loved the heretic stranger well. Both wore pleasant toluol: upon, But tlie heart of tlie skipper clave to one ; Though Vⅈ by liis eye than heart lie knew Die twain apart. Despite of alien race and creed, Well did liis wooing of M arguerite speed ; And the moLher's wrath was vaiu As the sister's jealous pain. The shrill- tongued mistress her house forbade, And solemn warning was sternly said By the black-robed priest, whose word As law the hamlet beard. But half by voice and half by signs The skipper said, " A warm sun shines On the green banked Merrimac ; Wait, watch, till 1 come buck. " And when you see, from my mast bead, The signal fly of a kerchief red, My boat on the shore shall wait ; Come, when the night is late." Ah ! weighed with childhood's haunts and friends, And all that the home sky overbends, Did ever young love fail To turn the trembling scale? Under the night, on the wet sea sands, Slowly unclasped their plighted hands : One, to the cottage, hearth, And one to his sailor's berth. \yhat was it the parting lovers heard V Nor leaf, nor ripple, 1101- wing of bird, But a listener's stealthy tread On the rock-moss, crisp and dead. lie weighed his anchor, and fished once more By this black coast-line of Labrador ; Ami by love and the north wind driven, Sailed back to the Islands Seven. Iii the sunset's glow the sisters twain Saw the Breeze come sailing in again ; Haiti Suzette, " Mother dear, Tlie heretic's sailis here." " Go, Marguerite, to your room and hide ; Your door shall be bolted !" the mother cried : While Suzette, ill at ease, Watched the red sign of the Breeze. At midnight, down to the waiting skill' She stole in the shadow of the cliff; And out of tlie Bay's mouth ran The (Schooner with maid and man. And all night long, 011 a restless bed, Her prayers to the Virgin Marguerite said ; And thought of her lover's pain Waiting for her iu vain. Did he pace the sands"? Did he pause to bear The sound of her light step drawing near ? And, as the slow hours passed, Would be doubt her faith at last,? But when she'saw, through ihe misty pane, Tlie morning break 011 a sea of rain, Could even her love avail To follow bis vanished sail ? Meantime the Breeze, with favoring wind, Left the rugged Moisie hills behind, And heard from an unseen shore The falls of Maiiilou roar. On the morrow'sTmorn, in the thick, gray weather They sat 011 the miling deck together, Lover mid coiuiterfeit, Of hapless Marguerite. With a lover's baud, from her forehead fair Be smoothed away her jet-black hair. What was it bis fond eyes met ? The scar of the false Suzette! Fiercely he shouted : " Bear away East by north for seven Isles Bay !" The maiden wept and prayed. But the ship her helm obeyed. Once more the Bay of the Isles they found : They heard the hell of the Chapel sound, And the chant of tlie dying sung In the harsh, wild Indian tongue. A feeling of mystery, change, and awe Was in ail they heard and all they saw : Spell-hound the hamlet lay In the bush of its lonely bay And when they came to the cottage door, The mother rose up from her weeping sore, And with angry gestures met Tlie scared look of Suzette. " Here is your daughter," the skipper said : " Give me the one I love instead." ' But the woman sternlv spake: " Go, see if the dead will waket" Ho looked ller sweet face still and white And strange in the noonday taper light, She lay 011 her little bed, With the cross at her feet and head. In a passion of grief the strong man bent Down to her face, and, kissing it, went Back to the waiting Breeze, Back to the mournful seas. Never again to the Meirimae And Newbury's homes that bark came back. Whether her fate she met On the shores of Carraquelte Miscou, or Tracadie, w : ho can say? But even yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told the ghostly tale Of ,1 weird, unspoken sail. In the pale, sad light of the Noilheni day Seen by the blanketed Montagnals ; Of squaw, in her small kyack, Crossing the spectre's track. On the deck a maiden wrings her hands: Her likeness kneels on the gray coast sauds; One in her wild despair, And one in the trance of prayer. She Hies be/ore 110 earthly Must. With the red sign fluttering from her mast, Over the solemn seas, The ghost of the schooner Breeze. —John Grecnlcaf Whitticr. 