NEWS BY THE SAN FRANCISCO MAIL.' . : The Spanish steamer Yrurao Bat, Captain "Ugnrte, from Liverpool to Porto Rico, came in collision with tho Royal Mail Company's mou rner Douro, from Brazil, oil tho coast- of Spain, on Saturday, April 1. Tho steamer Hidalgo rescued 17 persons from tlio D mro, and 67 froin the Yrurac Bat, and landed ihem at Curunna. Thirty of tho crew of Yrurac Bat, including the ovptam und pilot, were drowuuil. Thirty live i.f -thoDouro passengers were san d, and tlio num- berof drowned is unknown. Furl her accounts say the collision was off Cape Fimstero, and that M2 persons are missing from the Douro, nnd 29 from the Yrurao Bat. The Douro had on beard L3o,000 in specio. Sir Henry Wrixen lleecher, Bart., of Crongli, Cork, Irelnnd, and Lady Boecher were saved from 'lie Douro. M. Leon Say, French Minister of Finance, in formed a deputation on tho Did April that the stockbrokers of Paris had completely recovered their. positions from the luie financial storm. The losses were 130,01)0,000 francs. At Lyons the situation is less satisfactory. Liquidation there has not yet been completed, and the losses amount to 80,0110 francs. .-Sarah Bernhardt, the actress, was married" in Paris, on April 6th, to a gontleuian named Damall, middlo-agod nnd tolornbly rich. The i affair was quite private. The lady is said to: bo : suffering from consumplion, aud lo havo given up 1 her thealriesl engagements. . : . Dr. Hamilton, a well known. Prosbylorian divine, of Oakland, Ca'lforiita, fell dead in the pulpit while preaching, on . Sunday, ..9th: April. ... -/- e The Boston Journal of the XOfcli- April an1 nounces a giganiic fraud in 'he China . . trade. : T'lio house of Vi gel and Co., of Hong Kong, has dtiiie a large business in hemp, silk, aud other goods between China, Auiorien, and Europe Very recently the English aud French consignees': : of the firm received several cargoes of cheap , fohrth-rate silks in place of first-class goods, , ' which had been ordered and paid for. Hardly : had an investigation been beguu when tlio . ar rival of the ship Richard Robinson in Now Yoik 1 on the 8th April, with a cargo froin tile, same : home, exposed an extensive fraud tif tho buiuo nature. Several New York and Boston firms : r ceived consiguinems of hump, as they supposed i by the vessel. They had sent letters of . .credit j arid' purchased through bauking-liuuses, as is , customary, a large quantity of hemp, worth nearly ,30dol. per bale. On opening the .Robiri-, son's cargo, it was found to consist principally '.of. Canton malting, worth less than odol. per bale. Meanwhile stops had been . taken to arrest the head of the bouse at Hong Kong by. means of. cable orders. These resulted in the receipt of a despatch that he had sailed by the last steamer, probably for France. Detectives in the latter: country endeavoured to find him at the- time lid was expected to arrive ; but lie has been traced; it ' is believed, to Italy. His capture is -de spaired uf, although pursuit is being made ' as rapidly 'as possible. The Bilk shipped tii Europe' by Vogel and Co. is worth net much more than lUdol. per bale. It was paid for st nearly 300 dul. The losses to consignees of the firm thus far reported: amount to 5,000;000dol.. One. Boston firm received 7,500 bales of so called hemp by the Robinson, and it was worth about . one-sixth of the amount paid.- A thorough investigation of the affair has been made; .and/'a- niore definite statement will souu be ready. ' It is now generally believed that De Long and ... his boat's crow from tile Jeannotto perished 'at the mouth of the Lena River. ; En . gineer Melville, a survivor, expresses this couvic- tion. ... ... - ; :f One of the moat successful swindlers of: tlie . age was arrested at Chicago. He is a Fieneli' Canadian, named Aiphunse Marquette; arid -had' cleaned the banks und business raeit of Montreal' out of nearly 200,000dol. by means, of fraudulent, trade transactions, sharing the . ..proceeds;. with/a confederate in Manitoba. fl> ", A snow slide at Genoa, Nevada, , oni . llie; 18th. April killed three white, persons r.and: seveiit Indians. . . . . i i p . viAcoupIe of men who sought au'editor's-sanc- - tumi ati Spokane ' t alls, W. T.'y on tlie' '29th March; for' the purpose of taking his life, weie so.- roughly .handled by .the . editor that; their ire- oj very is doubtful. . His /weapon, was.-.an-.iron; " shooting-stick" (so called by printers) against their rsvolvers...; H.r.i The fallowing are further : particulars of the burning of the Gol'den City: She" was- Hearing, tlib iwharf -boat when the fire was.disciiver'edyMid a line wob hastily thrown and made fast- to 'one1 / of the coal barges, ,but. the/curr<int .being swift, the line soon parted,., and the burning steamer floated down the river a mass of flatties., As .the fire 'occurred at half-past d in 'the morning, nearly all tlie passengerri vvere, in their state rooms asleep, and the rapidity with which the flames spread cut off rill escape. Hence the great loss of .life. The disaster was caused by a watchman accidentally setting firo' to a lot of jute stored amidships A great number of those lost were women. - A large circus and menagerie, eti route to Cairo, Illinois, ' was destroyed. The author of the calamity, Washington Smith, has been sent to gaol/on a charge of murder. I Jesse . James, . the notorious outlaw, mur derer, and train robber, was" shot by one of his vown gang, named Bob Ford, near Kansas City; Mo. . A Ghost Story.— The following curious story of an apparition is related by Meadows Taylor auioiig his Indian experiences. A soldier enters his cap-: tain's tent, and begs that the arrears of his pay might be sent to his mother in England. The cap- tairi.'bnsy with his writing, takes down thenddress, and promises to fulfil tho request. Shortly after it occurs to him that the soldier bad violated tbe rules of the service in entering tbe tent without saluting, and in his hospital dress. He summons bis sergeant, f 'Why did yon allow to conic to me in that ir regular manner 7" The man was thunderstruck.' " Sir;" ho exclaimed, " do not you remember that he died yesterday in the hospital, and was buried this morning ?" ;S" Pnpa, ought the teaohor to flog a fellow for what he didn't do ?" " Certaioly not my boy." " Well; then, h i flogged me to day when I didn't do my suui." An American paper rolates that some beys lately made a straw man, and propped it up in front of a'thriving bee mill, and then began to pelt the hive with stones, The champion stingers immo- diately sallied forth, and in two minutes that old straw' man was as full of holes as the sieves in a winnowing machine. When the stingers discovered the'scll, however, they set down on their hind legs, and let in howl that broke every pane of glass within 50 miles of tbe battle field. Now bring on the next snake yam. i Mr'Purvos told a jury in the Goneral Sessions Court recently that there is a worthy oysterman living in this city who has learned only to sigu his nauie ; that when ho has signed it hu cannot road it ; that if y.iu interrupt him iu the middlo of it he has to commence it again ; and that the offioi.als at the bank know his signature by suiolliug it because ho poppers it instead of using 'dotting paper. A very large wax doll, attired in a comploto Welsh costume, was presonted to the baby daughter of t)ie Duohess of G'onnaugbt on St. David's Day. Tho children of the Princess of Wales wero similarly remembered. A Philadelphia man who owns a parrot informs us that when tbo minister oalls on him, it is very embarrassing to hare the bird eternally oxclaiiniug : ' I'll take sugar in mine." Some little time ago an American gold-digger's wifo sued for a divorce on the/ground of cruelty- - lier husband wrould not buy /her gloves. But tlio District' Court dcoided that coverings for tlie hands were not " necessaries " for tlio spouse of a man who habitually fried bacon on a shovel, mended his clothes with old flour sacks, and ate his pork nnd hoans out of tho lid of the " billy " in which ho hoilod his tea. An : Apparent Ahojialv Explained.— Persons up-' parently in the possession of vigorous health are fre quently unable to undergo evon a slight amount of exertion. This disability is usually the result local weakness. Whon it exists, physical el ort peedily brings on exhaustion. In order to su) ply his want of local strength, and to impart the requij Bite power and suppleness to muscles naturally weak use UdOLPHO WoLWS'B SCHIEDAM ArOMAIW SCBNAlfjj 