OUR LONDON LETTER. from ocr own correspondent.! London, 16th December. As wo npproach nearer and nearer to the ensuing Parliamentary session, the prognosti cations as to what Government hiUs wo are \- to have, and tlio expressions of opinion as to what wo should have, get more frequent and more clear. With the termor it is needless to dual hero, because their correctness or fallacy will have been proved by timo before this loiter reaches Melbourne. "With regard to the latter, it is Ireland which monopolises tbo attention of the critics, and tho old adngo, lot homines quol sentential, fairly expresses tho prevailing opinion as to what should bo done. One party tell us trial by jury Bhould ho sus pended ; another that Irish prisoners — cer tainly prisoners charged with agrarian crimes — should bo brought over to London to bo tried; while others urgo tho proclamation of martial law and the absolute suspension of tho Habeas Corpus Act. Thore is agreement on one point, and one point only — something must he done ; and when one reviews the growing tints of disorder which exists ono almost despairs of effecting anything by con- cessions and conciliations. Iu November 520 agrarian crimes were reported from Ireland, which the authorities classify under the following heads : — Murders, 2 ; firing at persons, 1 7 ; nssuults ou police, 1 ; grievous assaults, 7 ; assaults endangering life, 6 ; as saults on bailiffs and process servers, 21 ; in cendiary fires and arsons, 46 ; firiug into dwellings, 23 ; injuries to property, 3S ; in- juries to railway trains or highways, 2 ; resist ing legal procure, 1 ; attacks ou houses, 3 ; intimidations, 320 ; administering unlawful oaths, 4 ; robbery of arms, 7 ; wounding or maiming ca Ale, 15. The total of 520 is dis tributed over the four Irish provinces as fol lows ; — Ulster, 44 ; Lcinster, 129 ; Con- naught, 115 ; Monster, 2S7. Unsatisfactory though tiie total is, it must not he forgot ten tiiut many of the so-called outrages wero »t a very insignificant kind, and tlio appropriation of tho crimes over the four provinces is not alto gether without a reasoning influence. In Ulster, where tho crimes aro least, it is that the Ulster custom of tenant rights, which havo now been extended over the ivholo country, have existed ever since 1S70, and it is surely not an ill- founded generalisation that when the tenantry elsewhere uivtcrstand that their grievances have been abolished, entirely as the Liberals sav, almost entirely as the Irish them selves admit, we shall find the comparatively peaceful state of Ulster general throughout tlio country. Since my last letter five additional 8uh-co.-nmiBs(oii8have been appointed, and this ot coureo speaks volumes as to the extent to which applicants for relief under the net are coming forward. While tbis is the condition of things in Ire land — outrages increasing, and at tho same time tho remedial portions of the Land Act more and more widely availed of — in Loudon the awkward dilemma in which a Government desiring to conciliate, yet forced into coercing of necessity, finds itseif is made the most of by its political opponents. The Conservative parly aro in much tho position of Iago after lie liad been udvh'ng Roderigo to slay Cassie, Whether lie kill Gassio, Oi- Ore-do hitn, or each flo kill the other, Every way mattes my gain— Oaesio and Kodcrigo being respectively tho Liberal party and the Irish tenants. Prompted by Coiuervative wire-pullers, tho new Lord Mayor lias started a movement in the city fur. organising means for the defence of property in Ireland, mid it is of courso said by those who wish to belic-vo all tho ill they can of the present Government, what a pass tilings must have come to when tho municipal authorities of tiie metropolis havo to usurp political /mic tions, and protect those whom the Govern ment wilfully neglect. Tin's, however, may lie readily dismissed as so much bunkum, aud the Lunl Mayur's committee will only bo effective — but in this respect it may be most effective as a cliaritabiu organisa tion. The Tories, who aro to- day inclined to say that Imperial fluids should ho voted l'or the relief or for the partial relief of tho im poverished landlords, have unusually short memories. It Eurely is not forgotten by them, that, when it was proposed that thu funds of the disestablished fridi Church should furnish something towards the relief of tiie tenant;', the Tory press and party rose in arms against tiie no-euilod sacrilege, and they can scarcely be heard now to say that Imperial funds should he voted for the beuotit of the land lords, seeing how vehemently thoy opposed ;i similar course in favor of the tenants. One sensational crime always seems to bring another ill its wake. Jivii spirits, according to Homo authorities, hunt ill couples, and evil deeds of a certain clasr, always appear to como in " twos or threes." Lefroy's murder of Mr. Gould was scarcely forgotten by tho sen sation mongers when another strange death mid apparent murder, equally sensational and equally mysterious, took place. Mr. i'ercy Malcolm John, the deceased gentlumau, was a pupil at Blenheim Hom o school, Wimbledon, and lie wus occasionally visited there by liis brother-in-law, a Dr. Lawsou, whose wife was entitled to eel-tain property if her brother should happen to die intestate and without au heir. Sir. John was paralysed in iiis lo>ver extremities, hut otherwise ho was reasonably healthy, and he was kept in the school partly as patient, partly as pupil. On a recent Saturday evening Dr. Lawsou came to see his lirotlier-m-iaw, and he liad lialf-an-hour or nu hour's gossip with him in the presence of tile head master of tho school, While drinking a glass of sherry, Dr. Dawson nsked for a little sugar to destroy tho alcoholic effect of the highiy brandied wine he was drinking, and when this was brought liira lie produced somo cake and sweets from his bag, of which all three seem to have partaken. After a few minutes of general conversation, Dr. Lawsou remembc-rcd lie had something else in his hag, and ho produced a couple of boxes of jujube capsule eases, which he guvo to the school- muster, " thinking they might be useful when physicking tlio boys." Tlio master ate one iyid found it innocent enough, but while doiug so ho uotieed that the doctor was filling one apparently of the samo kind — whether it was so or not is another question — with sngar from the basin, and this ho gave to Mr. .Tolin to eat. Air. John ato it readily enough, and very shortly afterwards Dr. Lawsou went away. Less than Imlf-au-hour later tho deceased began to complaui of heartburn, and being interrogated, he made the suspicious rema k, " mv brother must liavo given mc one of the quinine pills, as I feej tlio same kind of pain I had iu Shanklin after ho gave ine one." In stead of improving, tho pain gradually got worse, until, after about three hours of torture, Mr. John died with ail tho signs about liiin of irritant poisoning. Meanwhile Dr. Law- son had disappeared, and for about a week nothing was known as to liis move ments. Suspicion of courso fixed upon him as thu murderer of his brother-in-law, and a warrant was issued for his apprehension. A day or two ago, however, he quietly walked into the police office at Scotland Yard and yielded himself up, demanding a full investi gation, being confident, as iio said, of liis power to clearly establish his innoconce. He was duly taken before a magistrate, charged with tho murder, and tho witnesses against him examined, but nothing more has at pre sent been elicited beyond what I have above detailed. The affair is creating a good deal of excitement ill general and medical circles, and public opinion is, of course, pretty decided iu the view of the case it takes. What that view is your readers will imagine for themselves. For Dr. Lawson's sake, let us hope it will prove to bo erroneous Tho result of tho Londonderry election was not only a disappointment to Sir Samuel Wil son, but it was a severe Bhock to the Tory party. Originally thero wero three candidates in the field — Mr. Porter, the Solicitor-General and Government candidate ; Sir Samuel Wilson, the Tory nominee; aud Mr. Dempster, tho Land Leaguer. Before tbe election, how- over, Mr. Dempster retired, and exhorted liis supporters in a valedictory address to support Sir Samuel. Despite this "unholy" alliance Mr. Porter was returned by a substantial ma jority, and the only consolation the Tory adherents could find was in the somewhat commonplace suggestion of bribery and undue j influence. Defeated candidates aro fond of throwing mud at their opponents, and I am | afraid that Sir Samuel will find little else but ' tiie desire of his supporters to justify the j rather wild and vague talk which has been in- J dulged in. Electioneering placards arc never | especially noteworthy for their ingenuousness. Agents say what will " take " rather than what is" wise and true; and it io only in his j placards and posters that hi3 Tory critics j find the head and front of Mr. Porter's | offending. Somo of his placards undoubtedly suggested that by voting for Air. Porter the electors would ensure fair rents, meaning thereby that they would, by supporting the policy of that party which had passed the Land Bill, tend to ensure its further develop- -pient, . This, placard has beeu ingeniously twisted by the Conservative press, until it has in some eyes borne tlio meaning that special re missions of rent will bo given to those who voted for Mr. Porter. Sir Samuel Wilson is said not yet to" have entirely abandoned the idea of petitioning ; but 1 venture lo think his sound common sense will weigh down the airy vehemence of those who would urgo him on. The following placard is one of Sir Samuel's own, and can scarcely he said to be in tho strictest' taste : — " Will you, Christian people of Derry, decide for your God, for your virtue, for your morality, or 'will you decido against all thesu ? Ho who votes for Wilson wjll bo for them. He who votes for Porter- will he against them, Let, therefore, the cry of tho Christian people of Derry as lliey go to the poll be, ' Who is on God's side ? Vote for him.' " If rnmorhc true thero seems to he a good chance of tho Deceased Wife's Sister Bill be- comjng law during the present Parliament. An influential meeting was held a few nights back at Exeter Hall, presided oVt-r by Mr. Laboncliere, the member for Northampton, who is, it tnny bo said, by no means ashamed to own that lie himself is the issue of such a marringe. The mooting was private and in formal, but ono important fact was to be picked up in tho buzz of conversation which took place. A junior member of the Government sitting in the Upper House — and it is not difficult to see that it i'b Lord Ko3ebery who is meant — has, it is said, expressed the wil lingness of the Government to introduce tho hill as an official measure on the earliest oc casion possible, if tlio advocates of tlio hill can satisfy them that tlio country is desirous for it. As to this there can ho little doubt, because nowadays ono scarcely can find ono ardent op ponent to the bill to a score of those enthusias tically supporting it. "Australia iu the van and England following" seems no unusual charac teristic in matters of legislation, and certainly in this matter we shall ho doing very well in following tho lead. Tho " bribery sentences," that is to say, the sentences whirji have been passed ou those gentlemen who were convicted of bribery at the assizes of last summer, still continue to provoke a good deal of adverse discussion ; and — one is almost ashamed to Hay it — a com mittee of influential and respectable people has been formed with tho object of inducing the Homo Secretary ro iuterveno on ho side of mercy. The facts of tlio cases will not have been forgotteu in Australia. The elec tion commissions which sat last autumn dis covered at some of the places, which have since been wholly or in part disfranchised, a state of corruption whicii would rival any thing which Dickens described as existing at Eatonswill ; and by tlio commissioners tile pi-csccutiou of tiie more flagrant offenders were very properly directed. Sympathetic juries acquitted the accused whenever there was a ghost of an excuse for it, hut happily, as was universally thought at the time, the worst offenders were convicted. Sentence was re served untiltlio courts met in November,. ntid tlio terms of imprisonment to which — if one may call a spade a spade — tlio convicts were then sentenced, wero determined by the judges who passed them after a good deal of deliberation, and after they had held an informal confer ence with some of thoir colleagues. Tho sentences were intended to he — ami they certainly were — substantial, the offenders being sentenced to he treated in the same way ns ordinary criminals who are spared tiie in dignity and really terrible hardship of hard labor. A shock of surprise ran through the oi po/lui of electioneering, who felt that they thomselves had beeu sailing uncomfort ably close to the wind, and that it was a good deal mote their good luck than their inno cence which had kept f.liom on tiie safe side of their county gaols. In thin there is perhaps not very much that is surprising. When one house shakes its equally badly built neighbors tremble, and when ono briber is substan tially punished his colleagues in crime may not unnaturally be a little exer cised. But it is not very satisfactory when or.e finds political leaders joining iu the cry for the remission of the sentences. Cynics have long been inclined to say that despite the abolition of Old Serum and placo:; std fh it'.ris, bribery and intimidation flourish as vigorously to-day an they did half a century ago, and it is a significant fact Unit on the committee which has been formed to interview the IToine Secretary, the names of a consider able number of members of Parliament find conspicuous places. The unpleasant conclu sion which tlio censorious would draw may not bu deserved, but at least I think it must be admitted that tho sympathy of Kir John Hnltker, Major-GeiieralBurnaby, Lord Gland® Hamilton, Mr. Brasscy and a host of others, is most difu-striou-ly ill- timed. Thu Standard newspaper hasnmhraecd thocauseof thoeonvict- nmrtyi-H, as otic writer called them, und every thing which an influential few can do to enlist general sympathy is being done with energy aud enthusiasm. Whether the Homo Secre tary will receive tiie proposed deputation remains to be seen, aud, of course, it by no means follows, even if ho does so, that ho vip. be induced to act as tlioy wish. As I pole rod out in a previous letter, drastic provisions against future bribery aro provided in a measure still on the list of future Government bills; and it would be a Strang® anomaly if the present Cabinet, while introducing this hill with the ono hand, should with tho other admonish tlio judges for enforcing tlio milder law at present in force, as ill effect thoy would do bv turning a willing ear to tho pre sent agitation for misplaced mercy. 