LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. BY A LADY. London, March 23, 1882. Report, like "circumstance" is "an un- scriptural god and miscreator," so there may not be a vestige of truth in the statement that Queen Victoria made no secret of her annoy- ance when Hughenden Manor, sacred to Beaconsfield and the muses, was let to Sir Samuel Wilson, a self-made man, who having amassed a large fortune in Australia, re- turned to the mother country to spend it. It is difficult to suppose the sovereign capable of sentiment so illiberal, but were it so, that illustrious lady must, I think, have ex- perienced a certain sensation expressed by "heaping coals of fire on the head." When she heard that it was Sir Samuel's son (an Eton boy) who, in the excess of his indig- nation, zeal, and loyalty, vigorously pom- melled the would-be assassin of his adopted country's ruler. Sir Samuel Wilson recently contested the County of Derry, and since has been honored by special election at the great Conservative club. Pending the sentence on Maclean, indigna- tion at his conduct continues to agitate the public mind, but it has toned down con- siderably, and from all accounts Her Majesty seems to have run almost as much risk of succumbing under the weight of congratula- tory addresses as there was danger from the bullet of a traitor. So deluged was the Queen with these unceasing documents that at length it was announced no more addresses would be received. It will interest my lady readers to learn that though actions for "breaches of promise" are so frequent in the "old countree," faithlessness of this charac- ter in Germany is exceedingly rare, and the punishment of it decidedly unique. In a recent action, wherein a lady sued a perfidious swain for the non- fulfilment of his promise,or for compensation in the shape of coin, it was decided by the jury that in the present state of the law it was not in their power to award pecuniary recompense, but they judged the recreant legally bound to marry the plaintiff, and this decision having been made known to all the other matrimonial courts the lady has at least the satisfaction of knowing that if her former adorer does not choose to marry her he cannot legally wed any other woman in Germany. There is a special gratification in this restric- tion that only a woman can thoroughly appre- ciate. Did the same law hold good here there would be fewer forlorn maidens to echo the just criticism pronounced on his sex by the "immortal bard," when he said— " If man were constant he were perfect, Failing that fills him with faults." The elephant Jumbo, preparatory to his removal on Saturday next, is now petted, so as to inure him to the irons before he has to encounter other changes in his present con- dition. Little by little does the process of initiation go on. An official connected with the Royal Humane Society is in constant at- tendance at the Zoo to see if there is any infringement of the laws for the protection of animals against cruelty. Meanwhile there is a great deal of hysteric and nonsensical sentiment about the creature which is dis- played in various ways. Wedding cake, champagne, oysters at 3s. a dozen, and buns ad libitum and ad infinitum continue to be offered up to the idol of the day; and if elephants were not as sagacious as huge, Jumbo no doubt would have succumbed to indigestion long ago. A niece of mine who visited him last week says the floor in front of the animal's den to the depth of several inches was covered with rejected morsels of every description; his capacity for such delectables has either been over estimated, or otherwise the creature discerned a deprecia- tion in the quality of the buns. Every visitor to the Zoo desires to cast his tributary morsel before the shrine, and as the supply of cur- rant cake on the authorised stall always now falls short of the demand, you are besieged by a crowd of itinerant dealers in buns, who infest all the entrances to the gardens; the quality of these supposed comestibles being such that no elephant in his senses would risk the dyspepsia almost certain to follow their con- sumption. I learn that Jumbo was, with some difficulty, removed from the Zoological Gar- dens. But for the collusion of his keeper this would have been presumably impossible, for only through the influence of his affection could the elephant be induced to enter his cage, or suffer himself to be manacled and secured in a manner that by description seems cruel, though admitting it necessary to secure the safety of the passengers of the "Assyrian Monarch," which vessel is destined to convey Jumbo across the Atlantic. Of these there are 600 steerage passengers alone, and tlie saloons of the ship are more generally occupied than might be expected, considering the gigantic shipmate who will share the voy- age and whose roo. I should consider more conducive to their safety than his company. Touching as the history of human pain are the accounts of the grief and suffering evinced by the animal when removed. Vainly did he kneel to implore Scott not to side with his enemies, vain were the caresses which he lavished with his trunk on his implacable keeper. Wounded and betrayed, still the huge beast retained his fealty to Scott, and with only now and then an occasional ebulli- tion of anger, and dismay, surrendered his huge body into the hands of his persecutors. Precautions, however, had to be redoubled, for the sagacious animal finding his forward and backward progress barred by massive iron rods, commenced to sway his enormous frame from side to side in an alarming manner, and resenting the obstruction of vision, which a wooden window placed in front of him affected, Jumbo instantly tore it down with his trunk, though the free movement of that monster also had been fettered so far as was deemed necessary for the occasion. Mean- while Scott, the keeper, stood for some hours near soothing his late charge with kind words and attentions—removing, while not himself unmoved, the moisture that trickled from the evidently suffering animal's eyes. Still obedient to every word yet mournfully convinced of his keeper's defection if not treachery, poor Jumbo in his own way seems to have copied the conduct of the illustrous Roman, who seeing his dearest friend among the conspirators seeking his death struck to the heart, cried out et tu Brute, and offered ao more resistance but covering his face with his robe fell beneath the daggers of his assassins. The poor brute, with an instinct that closely resembles human intelligence seems now to be thoroughly disgusted and resigned with a resignation borne of despair. The cage, which was drawn by six powerful horses, having got fixed in the soft soil it remained stationary some hours, the im- prisoned beast mournfully surveying the efforts made to set the vehicle going, and thrusting forth his trunk as if to enlist the sympathies of the visitors who had mean- while assembled to watch Jumbo's depar- ture, or otherwise to beseech them for the consolation that gifts of confectionery might be supposed to afford. A very large body of police were present, for menacing letters an- nouncing the intention of the roughs to liberate the animal or otherwise to retard if not prevent liis progress through the streets have from time to time reached the autho- rities at the Zoo and rendered the task of Jumbo's removal an anxious as well as a diffi- cult one. The Cambridge crew this year is composed of curious, and one might say, opposing elements; but diversity of religious opinion will not interfere with unanimity of desire to be first at the goal when the great national boat race comes off. Among the members there is a Presbyterian, a Nonconformist, a Quaker, and, report says, a street preacher also. This is a combination sufficiently un- common to excite remark, and if religious difference were an element of success, the light blues would certainly not come off second best in the race. The pleasure-loving French people find it difficult to realise that life can be anything but a burden to a lady who does not relish the theatres, who rides in the Bois when no one is there to look at her, who does not love society, and is sufficiently domestic to prefer the company of her own sisters to that of any one else, and goes to bed at the unheard-of hour of 10 o'clock p.m., yet the Empress Elizabeth of Austria retains her youth, or the appearance of it, in a very remarkable manner, and enjoys life in her own fashion, and evinces an unmistakeable zest for certain chosen pleasures not included in the list of those of many ladies of her rank and station. Rosina, Lady Bulwer Lytton, is dead. Of late so very little has been heard about this once popular authoress that many supposed her defunct long ago, and it was not until the event of her decease was publicly an- nounced that we knew how long she had dwelt among us unremembered. Talented and brilliant, like many other possessors of exceptional mental ability. Lady Lytton lived unhappily with and then apart from her husband—himself intellectual in the highest possible degree. A stranger may not attempt nor the public dare t.o decide on which side the fault lay. Attempts to prove the late Lady Lytton insane were cruel and happily abortive. That she was eccentric in her earlier years I have the best means of knowing, for I am acquainted with one who knew her well. As a most unhappy woman she demanded the sympathy of all who knew her story. Her only son, the Viceroy of India under the late Govern- ment, took the side of his father in the un- happy differences between his parents. Im- pulsive and imprudent, yet conscientious, honorable, and ever desirous of doing right, Lady Lytton passed away at Sydenham a brief while ago. The last novel which she gave to the public was entitled "A Blighted Life," and is said to contain much of the history of her own career, to which the name may be said to apply most significantly. To establish the dignity as well as the an- tiquity of an ancient house, it is necessary that there should be a ghost, and every well- regulated and aristocratic family is therefore duly provided with one. Not very long since the ominous drummer of the "Airlie" established his ghostly entity in a very direct manner, and for a long time there has been unpleasant evidence of an uncanny and unquiet presence in the halls of Glamis Castle, the seat of Lord Strathmore. Every guest who visited there had some novel experience to relate concerning the mysterious sounds which issued from a locked and by pre- sumption haunted chamber in a remote part of the castle. It was understood that only the noble owner and his agent were ac- quainted with the secret of that mysterious chamber, from which at times issued sounds fraught with terror to the hearers. Howls, groans, horrible language, the rattling of dice, and other approved manifes- tations of the presence of evil and dis- embodied spirits were, it was said, con- stantly heard ; and one terrified guest, on a certain occasion, postively declared she had been disturbed in the night by a fiendish looking little man, who romped in and out of her bedchamber like the spirit of mischief itself, shouting with laughter, that changed to low moans alternately with shrieks and cries of despair and pain. There is more truth in this than most stories of the kind. Glamis Castle for two generations has been haunted, but not by a restless spirit. The unhappy being who emitted the alarming sounds was corporeal, and has now given up the ghost. Henceforth Castle Glamis is free from its mysterious inhabitant, whose body has been quietly buried in the mould of mother earth, and the priestly benediction pronounced upon it will, no doubt, finally lay that restless soul which, free from the fetters of clay, will haunt no more the prison-house wherein for so many weary years it has been entombed. Who was he? —that is the question. Some closely kept family secret has been partially divulged by death; that it has been well preserved hitherto is proved by the fact that the heir himself was not acquainted with it. Before the commencement of the season proper it has been suggested that there should be a revival of the reunions known as "Almacks," familiar to society more than half a century ago. These balls were sup- ported by subscription, and there were certain censors into whose hands the election of members was confided. Admission to Almacks was a sort of free pass to society generally. Kensington House has been named as the place best suited for the enter- tainments, but as it has been sold and, agree- ably to the conditions, will shortly be pulled down it, will only serve as a temporary place for meetings of this class. Sixpenny editions of popular literature find ready sale. It is an excellent way of diffusing useful, entertaining, and wholesome matter to those who cannot afford to pur- chase more costly issues. I hear, however, there are many complaints as to the very indifferent type of these reprints. It would be a great pity if the worthy object in view should be defeated by blurred and illegible printing. One cannot, however, expect that clearness and excellence of type charac- teristic of more costly library editions that wealthy persons alone can command. "Sartor Resartus," "Tom Brown's School- days," "Jerrold's Story of a Feather," and "Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures" present a catalogue so varied that tastes, however unlike, will be sure to find something to suit them. These and very many other standard works can be had for the small sum of sixpence. "Ingoldsby's Legends" is a book that I ought to have added to the above list of sixpenny issues. Genius locates itself in odd places—some times from necessity, occasionally from choice. Irving, as I have said, lives above a trunk store; Bradlaugh has his habitation over a music shop; Mr. Labouchere, the colleague of Mr. Bradlaugh, and editor of Truth, re- sides on classic ground, viz., in "Pope's villa at Twickenham." It is said that the commission appointed to consider the advisability of selling the French crown jewels have decided to retain the "Regent," a unique stone, remarkable for its size and weight. Several other singular specimens are also to be preserved. The total value of the precious stones belonging to the State is estimated at over a million sterling. It has been determined to part with about eight million francs worth only. A relative just returned from a short stay in the Imperial city of Rome, during which, time he visited Pompeii, gives us an interest- ng account how in one of the recently exca- vated streets there was distinct evidence of human remains, further search revealing the outline of a child. The usual process of pouring plaster of Paris into the mould left by the impression of the body brought to light the figure of a male infant. Within the house opposite to where the form of the child lay was found the shape of a woman, with arms outstretched in the direc- tion of what was presumably her babe. A gold bracelet lay in the impression made by the arm, which doubtless formerly clasped that member. The plaster cast of the child's body has not been removed to the museum, which lies just outside the site of the partially excavated city, but placed temporarily in a house near to the Temple of Isis. In the museum, says our returned traveller, there are among recovered relics bottles, cups, por- ringers, lamps, pots, vases, money-boxes, tiles, &c.;, &c.;, all made of terra cotta. In another compartment there are models of men and women. Of the latter there is one showing a figure fallen on her face, the arrangement of the hair and the folds of the drapery being distinctly visible. There is also a skull that has even at this date a few hairs attached to it; and among the collection of articles shown in the same chamber are divers pieces of bread, dried fruits, cosmetics, door-catches, camps, lanterns, bolts, pins, horse bridles, copper vessels, eatables of various kinds, pincers, trowels, and other implements, also remains of animal life, snails, tortoises, horses, rats, dogs, cats. One model of a dog, found on the threshold of a chamber, bears in the impression of the collar two rings of bronze. On the impression of a woman's liaud there is a gold ring bearing her name, "Cassia." It is curious, says our friend, to see so many things which we have been accustomed to regard as the products and inventions of our present and so-called advanced civilization, that were evidently in use among a people who perished very many hundreds of years ago. I have before me an ivy leaf plucked from the ruins of the Temple of Venus, and some squares of stone picked up in the enclosure. In the Temple of Isis, where the recovered body I mentioned before now lies, are several rooms formerly inhabited by priests. In one of these was the skeleton of a priest, axe in hand, who had been overtaken by death whilst trying to break through the wall and so save himself by flight. A little pink flower, something like an auricula, was brought to me from this spot, and our friend remarked that it gave rise to a envious train of reflec- tions to see in a baker's oven 81 loaves, bread destined never to be eaten by those over whom at the very time of its preparation so awful a fate was impending. I omitted in my notice of Lady Lytton's death to say she was the great friend of the late Vicountess Beaconsfield. One of the eccentricities to which I previously reverted was that of having cards printed for her pet dog, whose name was Fairy; the prefix of "Miss,"and the affix of "Bulwer Lytton" were both added, and her ladyship always left one of these little bits of pasteboard with her own card when calling on friends. Lady Lytton was an Irishwoman, and possessed in early youth an unusual amount of the beauty of that nation's daughters, and up to the last hour of her life the high spirit so characteristic of Erin's children. That it was cruelly em- bittered by the wrongs she suffered none can doubt. Alas! that one finds everywhere parallel cases, and genius seems fatal to wedded happiness in thousands of cases. 