J B O U S ^ E L ^ ON SLEEP AND NERVOUS CNHEST. Br V Runn DOCXOK ; -TiffinE.is, ,m. ilus busy, continent which the . Baton calls his home, a very large proportion of human beings—many of them well enough \- off, pecuniarily speaking—to who® the world ... is afl a-worry, and life a long- continued -fever.; People of - tbis class are not invalids in the . .strict meaning of the term, although they ioftentimes;6uffer far-more than-the generality; of invalids. Pleasures they-never know; hard \- work.is a wearmess ;i,and yet .they are unable to enjoy their leisure when they oblam it. • Their symptoms,' .mental and bodily, taken : collectively,. constitute a disease- '.whichj for r want of, a.better, I designate by; the ,name of' nervous unrest : > .'. A -, person so suffering does not . consider: -j-lnmself ill,nor is he looked upon as a subject for. condolenee by those with-whom,he comes : into daily contact.'. How could he be? He . -does-,not look 2. bit like the ghost of Banquo at tlie feast j -when you meet him m the street rtheemilei'iEeeTeadily enough tohiB;Jips,and merrimeiit even -may isparHe in iuG eye. If you searchfor anytkmglugulirious,:you : 'wiU .;«earch in vam.-,.He.is a ready talker, a.ready listener,, -i and,-in busmessiva perfect ready, -reckoner., • Ifyouaekliisopmioriaboutany • ^question-.-of moment,;,you-;have.3101, la v;air . : long for.yourieply,. -He.will- he down/at the, bottom of the-page, down at the ,>Q. E. D., in less time than it would have taken moEt mento anange then premise His fiiends say of such a man, " Poor so and so' he never was . - very .robust in -health, .hut ..how, ; wonderfullylively he is!" while his enemies—if he-has any—put him down as hird-witted, and pro phesy his sudden extinction some day like the snuff of a-candle ••...• Very kind.of both friends and foes. I must - Eayvhutj- asai'ijlef-boih-areinvsome-aegree mistaken JToi, in all likelihood, liaidlylias he shaken hands with you, with a hurried au rcvoir, until he heaves a.agh^-and^if 'you could see your friend sometimes, when he is v ail -alonej .you ivould not thiiik iliere -was \- rmuch memment;:about.him; genuine, : imndyou, though hi6 manner may have been when . \- you.mpt hnn in -the street. ..;In his:momentB , ,of .loneliness,'.,:were :he.- to .a&'.iimsdf : ;the; quebtion, " Am I happy'' the anMftaVould -be,-" No ; X never knpw what it meaiis to he . happy." Perhaps, though—and this is a proof of the truth, of Pope's lines, ^ . : Hope sprmgs etenial.jii fheiinawntii'east; ^ Mim nevei as,•'bat always td'lje, blest"— lie,;,promises s -iimself happinessftsomS • 4ay3 ; : even in this world, when he -shall liave done this >or taccomphshel that, 01 succeeded to that other,;iorgetting:tliat:strue;3iappiness;Iies'S only in coatenlmcntTvith one's present con- dition and legitimate lot 5a life % Bui "while his fiiends may be right enough m-sfiyjiig that oui jatieut—for so X must call; hmi-^waS:nfeVEr;Teiy,-robusti'-,prorided.thatihe; possesses blood -feee i^ -any heredifai-y: tamt,-and c. a heart Hoc over-dilated, there is| gooifcbanoeofjhiSjgivingliiBifbes JJie 3ie,ands ." not going out^like - the 'snufl of a eancile.- Pcople suffering irom tins ie\er of Me, this nervous unrest, seldom look stiong, they do not carry abundance of muscle, and therefore: are unfit lor any long-continued bodily strain-;;: but, nevertheless the strength of theirnrascle. compared to zts size, seems often -out of all pioportion, and this enables them to do m one houi' that which it woiild take a. heavilybuiit man three to perform. Do not marvel •at tins, piay, noi doubt the tiutii of ivial I am telhug you. Uervous £oiee is a wonderful thing £ have seen a boy of seventeen in. a , fit of excitement and passion, whom it re • -quttediiheainitedrsfaengthiof-iomvmenjtohold, down JSor do men who suffer from the eoni- &ie; the storms of life, hlow they ever so, ivildly ;- httle ; things annoy them , more, and; sonow itself, which seems at first leady io crush themi is, after.a time, oast aside, by. thfe- -very resiliency of their, nervous systems.-. And.' BO, too, they may foi a time succumb, and; that readily -enough, to, the little ailments of, Ufcii'totntoigcoldsior rheums, or a.ehes,-,but tliese Beldom lead io -anything very senous ; they .pass speedily away; and-the same causes. the lieavyfb^ied: and plethoric, wjllji ten to; one, be jnoductivewilienerTouB of. only some trifling mconvenience. • The reader will observe tliat I am talking; about the suffeier fiom nervous unrest, as •what jiepple call a somewhat spare man. And so he is; a peison of the true nervous temperament is ne^ei obese But, it may be observed, do v.c not Jreguently see fat people who are exceedingly nervous? No, 'i-reply;cihe,tewn?s3nisaj)phed-: such people suffer from timidity; not firom tme aervouST ness ;-and -soeh timiaity lias its seat-at the heart, which is geneially flaccid 01 fatty, ana always eaeily agitatecl. Your trae Dervous jnan is.a brave man;; He may. march .into a" battle, up - to the cannon's .mouth even, viith a .feehng of dread, .something telhng, him 1 he will never return; but he goes there ail the same,;and onceface to lace .with something io' fight, be it fire orisword or stormy wave, fear is ali, all forgotten in the 'excitement o£ conquering or bemg conquered. They. are hei'oes then. =, • Yes; • undoubtedly the, hour of reaction comes sooner. or later, and they are: low aud miserable enough when:it does 5 -butj •after all, to people of the; nervous, temperaf rnent must be granted the .oredit-of being tlie salt of the earth, and I really do not sec Jiow this world could wag along without them. ' : But, inasmuch as peojjle who -suffer from nervousimrest,arepossessorsofasorrow,jione'. •the less acute,'--because : it.as -liorne'.! silently;; and uneomi)lamingly—-inasmuch -as nervous^ -unrest-is a :"wearymg,-,-iieait-brealnng-burden ic, in it5elfj that, if not eased' and lightened, increases ;with yeaiB, bears dovm tlie frame," and even enshrouds with a gloom that .cannot be penetrated,' the latter end of many a long and useful life—therefore, I do not thuik ; I am wrong in considering it a disease, and trying to prescribe means for its alienation. Well then, m. the first -place; :the suJIerer from- nervous unrest, often Jongs for the quiet; of retirement. If free, he thinks, from tlie world's bustle and care, lie would be all right He longs- for the wings of -the, morning; in order to .fly .away, and be at rest. This is a mistake. To be always .basking in the sun shine of excitement, always uitUe midst o£ the hattle of.hfe,,or always -engaged-in the excitif: mg gamble of "business, is tailing, but a cer-i tain amount of excitement is necessary, to thevery-existence of a person of the nervous temperament. • Without it, he would -drpop and die, like a tender plant placed in a semi4' darkened room; into which the sun ineyer shines, Jior the fresh au 1 finds .access. • By judicious; management of,the digestive organs you supply : the , nerves with.'-the elements of nutrition • The great object of the nervous should be, as-far as-the-4)ody is coneerned-,to: esfcablish- —v-^ -^.j. W1H.W ur.JaiiCi U^LWetilJ Lilt! blood and'the nervous system. Sufferers from: nervous unrest thmk-andhYefaster than-do others, and there is a- greater waste of tissue, eauemg a-drarn outhesystem, .which muBthe! -met. by a due supply of .healthy nutriment. It is when the demand is greater than this 'supply, that hours of depression ensue,: hours of unhappmess and -misery by day, and ,sleep; lessnessor broken: rest,at night. Eegulation atid due, selection of diet are thereforei, imperative,-if.aoertainydegree of happiness and comfort m living is ;to be obtained. , --The,state! ;of the stomach andrdigestive -organs must be carefully studied; whatever is known to disagree- must tbe avoided;; The food should be" taken .as regularly: as possible, day- after day at the-same hour,'and. not m too large quan-; titles. Alieartymeal; to the nervous, produces ;a certain- degree of ,.;excitement;iWhich is as- ; sureSlj'-followed by shght dyspepsia, the only symptoms of, which may he peevishness and irritability. The food should notjbesloppjj and 1 too much' liquid should be avoided., Kb- work should be done for half -an hour after mating; Breakfast should be early, dinner in the -middle .of the day, and supper three hours at least before^oing-to bed. .,But a.lunchormilk biscuit may be eaten a short tune before re-v tirmg. Perfect, sleep will not be obtametl if .thestomach be entaely empty;;indeed, going to bed , with an empty stomach is .generally followed by getting up next mormngwith that organ paitmUy -disturbed by gas, nauseating juices,.and bile itself. - The.food.shojUd be nourishing, but - at the same time, substantial. ; The -Etomaeli is composed-of muscular tissue/ •and--deteriorates if • not exercised,: -,-a••• truth which lew are aware of, but which facts prove But yon must do more: the blood must be -as,pure, as possible ; -it,musfc be decarbonised : by jileuty of fresh air; while the heart, the great -centre-propeller,. must be invigorated and kept up to the mark 'by a, due proportion of exercise.. Tins must on no account be \- earned to-the verge of .fatigue., - . ., • ' . Food, fresh an:, and sexercise act then on the : nervoufiisystem rthi-ough, the iblood, but the" ''nerves are directly;braeedand±oned by-means of-the cold or-stepid-sponge-hath,.with .occa-: sionally awarm'vapour or hot-air bath.:.;,, v"; .:- Change: of .^cene and-change of ichmatei'^re nearly always beneficial to the .sufferers from: .nervous ainreBt,'; Most cases are lienefited by": seaside or-roountam air, but to some, life m the- country- parts -where -.trees-, wave-.- and; .fields are - green, -is: more soothing' than cal-' 'mative.-;' But -Telaxing-dimates onviOie ^one, hand, and -exeitmg on'ihSnotlieivai'e.asva rule ; to be^avoided. r.:TOen^'I,'Speatio£'climates(::,l: must be understood to mean tliose of our own, countiy; but a sea-voyage does much good. Is filers no relief to be 'had from medicmes ?'. - SometimeK iliere is, but it as nofc well-sustained.'Hying for help io the' Pharmaaopajia: is; not'afliaT3it,io'-be leeomy mended,; sand-J-;, would ..advise- the -nervous: patient; to "take, no ".-medicine, without' first! consulting a pTiysician—cod-liver.oil-.probably; excepted; but thisismorea foodthau-a physicj • and does much good as a calmative m eases' where it is readily digested. . I . have, last of all, to say a word or two about slee^j^Miirad ^atee'ssweei. restorer.", iTJiei ltabcs are mine, not the poet's I wish theie- • by-to '.draw the reader'/> sattenfion-to the latetjt that, unless a due proportion of muscularexercise be taken during the day, the sleep byfirst-preparation', for,.'gleep, andiiafter -slipper,^5 ihe mmd mnst- not be aUowed to dwell- upoD any ihoiiglits that -exeite oi'-aiinoV, , " ^tis^;^ good plan to i'ead.'for some time ,*befcirfi gomg to bed, and one pipe of good tobaceo inay-be. allow ed Do not lead in bedj but lead in your bedroom peihaps lying on the sofa, m com ' .fortahle i-ciesliabiUep ^andaeadyjf4vJimever,;thej mclmationi^^leep^teajs-sosierayoustoigetj ^ ent^iana jsofiiy *l>etweeii,i4he ^eetsifc|Th:e-' a loom should be quiet and dark, with the s window-curtains drawn to exclude'the too; obtrusive morning light The temperatuie ol: the room should, if possible, ,he sustained at about §5 deg oi CO deg. Bank the lire, else -it the:be(iclotheslightaud"\varm;anilihe:pi]lows.: soft and lather togh The-room- should, be 5udicioiislyventiiatea,atid;tkecurtaais;slitili3d'« no, -OIJL'I'I 30 md »I LP B'il. 1 need •• .>11 clj ^addithatliiarcotics^^sor 'sleepmgFsdranghtsi'are 5 inostinjuriousjftvhetherini:the;shape of opiates •o'rfetiislow'butim'tem-iJDisonfflalleclfihloral! hydrate. ' _ ^ In conclusion, if Uo \ allies his life and comfort, the sufferer fe.om nervous umest must do both hodily and mental, and endeavour to maintain the?iM»js- ia.ua- zucorporc sam, which,- foi once in a way, I must translate as a pure mind in a puie body. 