THE NOVELIST. wZF: o?IWZDoiow. By the Authcr of " The aMissiig Dio-?,;,,'' etc. (CONTINUED.) CHIAPTEd, VI. Weeks bhad passed away in the same trying and continuous labour on the part of the widowed wife, -kri; each-day she advanced in~ the favouri o6fthoe.public, and, it might be, in the: riskjs and annoynnces that are but the too natural result of unprote-tdd: beauty when exhibited to puiblic: gaze. - More: than once she had been"?ex posed to the insulting addressess oe thase base unbelievers in 'female' ;virtue anddignity; but Julius Adrian; was ?.yer; yet: unobtrusively, at',iarid to protect her from such ennoyances.; and houglh h, carafully and modestly? absetained fromn openly atten'linrg iher home or visiting her,.A sv.at..rare in tervals, still he managal. to appear in anyemergeicy, and being naturally 'about as well known.as: lierself by,any attendants at the entertainmenrs, the very sight of him, evwn ii thie dis. tan'ce, ,was sufficient to give her courHge and daunt the most daring. Gabrielle was gradually becoming adcustomed to her new life. It was indeed a cor.stant strain on her powers, more especially when the w'ork necu.,sary for tile comfort of her liiile darlings was adided to the rest of her caes and anxieties. But at least she was arnting for them nects Paries, in honesty and honour, and that was sufficient to support and con sole her in all that she had to endure. 'Still, it was a severe trial to look on them.-and remember what: aaited them in future. " .My poor darlings, my namaless ones, " she murmured, as shle looked on their sweet sleeping faces on re turning from her nightly toil. ''Please God, you will never cur:e your mother for doing you this wrong 'even in innocent ignorance. Alas, alas it does indeed seem but too true a fulfilment of the words, 'Whom :God has joined let not man put asunder.' It had been all spared if I had certainly and patiently observ ed. that law. But now I can but strive my utmost to atone for my error. " And then she would zealously turn to the various little duties that were inicunmbent on her, and their toilettes were repaired and turned to the best advantage 'by her skilifnl indnstry, even though part of the night was sacrificed to the task. It was come three months after her first appearance in public, and, as usual, she was taking her rapid way home to her lodgings at the late hour when the performance elcsee, her mind was too much engro sed to give much heed to what passing in the streets through which her path lay, when she heard a step hastily ap proaching her. A hand was laid on her arm, and a familia voice sound ed in her. ears,-" Gabriel!e is it you ? " Sh'e started as if thunder stricken. She needed not to turn around to know her unwelcome accoster. It was Ernest Clifford, the false lover, the ungrateful husband, who. thus ,gain crossed her path, and a ghost froi the dead could not have been so unwelcome as that dreaded master of her fa'.e. "L.ave me!" she exclaimed; "leave me! How dare you molest milest me? You know well that 'there is no power given you by God -or man to taunt me thus." S.:;'Is therenot? Then I shall take tit my pretty one," he said, and there -was: somjiething in the tone of his voice and hls flushed aspect that made hcdr but too suspicious he had been drinking too freely to be master ,.f himself. .' What! do you think I shall let my wife exhibit herself in public places and work hlke -a galley slave for other men's children, while I am her true and lawful husband ? No, no, my trua: t one, that shall never be. You shall come home and no one shall take you i.way again; and those brats can go to the work house or the foundling hospital, for me ' '." Gabrielle stood still simply from terror, lest he might proclaim more l6odly to any bystander the disgrace 1ful secret he was revealing. SBut .er,-.rfan aid a- ttitude- were resolute in their discouragment and resistance, even ifsl:e did trembl e in -eivy limib.' :' 'Mr. Cliford, leave me or let me go. . You are disgracing yourseitf and me in vain.. I will die before giving up nmf :hildren or ever returning to ,you. N ver will I be so base and dogiaded. If you force me.to .call assRitaj.ce s inmtist: . Ti cey both lonkel round,' but no -one.' was ti-':iahitifi-:: :that: lonely ;eighbourh'.odta-that-hat ate- hour, and the h.l?l- maddnied man - -giaed conurage f'rOmi the .solitude. Fl.e si?ed G a?ri1olleby:he arm as if to idrag h?ir Iv. fose in e?ite or her resinatano " .You' shall come at any price, he said, ruighily, '"Cone to your rightfil bomr;, aind your lavaful hus bnd I'here, don't make a'fu s,--i-'s no use stirigglhng" :" :" ,- - - Poor abrieile was to, the full as much aIfve;gs him?elf to the' danger -and disgrace?'f aony public exposure ; bumr, fr the mr.ment, she trusted to her own :1, spoeate eff,)rts fo. the ex tr;ication f :.herself fromu the violent iuffianly man to whom she had- so fatally bound her trcth. It was of n- .avail, however; he bada'at ones' the mental and bodilyv force of a desperate r ill, strengther.e i by the drink he had b-en imbibing, and-the terrified Gabrielle was being rapidly dragged along by sheer phy-: sical power from the spot. \- ' We'll have 'a cab home; don't distress sourself," he said, mocking!ly, as he paint(ed with the desparate exec '.ton to keep her fcoting. •The idea gave her strength and re solution. She mustcall aid, that was certain, and she gave one long pier cing cryS-" IIslpp-help ! Save me save me!" In another moment she would have been prevented from repeating the ap peal;-for Mr. Clifford placed his hand over her'mbluth to stop her cries: . ,.But it was enough. Ere she had time to be alarmed at this new, dan.. aer -thetre was a boundii'g step heard like a tiger's spring in its rapidity ind'. suddenness. 'A choking voice gasped out the words ' Villian! ruffian ! let her go or I will murder you." Ther? was.such strength of passi.n 'in th: ventement words that arrest' ed Cliffrd-il his hieadlong course.. -,, 1--.Hw dare you, rarcal, intoerfore between tue'?tnid my wife?'." he said .till grasping Gabrielle's arm . . 1' "Is this true ?" asked ,iilris' A' i' -ria,?,forit wis he who lal oedme 'th' rescue. " I is true, M't s..o Clifford'? ',?Ildls a'illiiin i-?Sves me"save" miie!t Eshe .asped. Oh':! do nobt leave it his power." . . '-It H'hs remighP Juoiu sliglt anid celidate ads he :was? wioul-' hihaveo faced a lion'a;thit mtili'-nr', adid for hei? sake. Re aimed a blow .that .made the inebriated ni~an -.?tagger, througoh he did'aot even then relinquish his hold of his strdgglin wife ;- and -the attack wai followed by another, and still another, which Cl'fford was somewhat prevented from returning or parrying, from one arm being ham pered by the grasp cf the trembiing dabrielle. . " Wretch-scoundrl !" murmured the exasperated man, as he felt him self being gradually coiquered ; "you shall pay fur this." But neither one nor the oiherthe otljects of his wrath perceived that he stolehis hand into his pocket and drew something out, that in another instant must have been plunged in the arm or shoulder of the brave de fender of his victimised wife. But tiabrielle's quick eye caught the glitter of the steel pocket-knife, and the slight relaxation of the grasp on herself that naturally accompanied the movement, enabled her by as con vulsive movement to free herself, and seize the hand which held the knife with a bffiisrg clasp thatin a measure averted and weakened its power. It inflicted only a hermless gash on the fleshy part of Adrian's arm, and gazed Gabrielle's delicate fingers .n the confused melee. What might A have happened in thet Pilent but dead ly struggle could scarcely be predicted for the passions and the blood of each were now thoroughly iflamed; but happily the measured tramp of a policeman on his beat was heard in the distance, and Juliue, with one dee perate aim, sent his assailant reeling so violently that his senouses grew giddy and bewildered, and he fell to the ground inanimate, party fromt the blow and partly from the effects of his con dition of his brain. " Come, Gabrielle, come ! - quick quick. Can you walk ?" exclaimed Julius, hastily, folaing his arm around the trembling form and drawing her rapidly on. 'error gave her strength. She flew rather than run, tiil the we lcome sight of one of the night cabs gve a respite to her efforts. Julius hail ed it, and the next moment they were in its comparative safety and shelter " Yeaou are hurt-you ale bleeding," she said, as the gash of a gas lamp revealed the red stain cn his arm. * Oh ! it is nothing- nothing," he said', " only a cut. Thank God, I have saved you fiom thait ruffian. Had it cost rue a huudred times more--" " And you trust nue still, a t,-r what you have hoard ?" she said sadly. "I do. I cannot.for one moment believe any ill of you," he answered, firmly. " Thank God I You are right, I have done no real or intentional ill," she returned ;" butit is due to you after ?his to tell you the tale that I had ner~ r thought to repeat to any human being. I know I can trust you." ":You may, to the very death, ' he said, camly. " Then yo u shall know all 'o-mnor row," she said, as the cat stopped at her own door. "' You must come in now, that I may bind up your wound; but, foi every sake, I cannut, and dare not ask you to remain longer." He fully understood her, and hon oured her yet more for her ret ence and care. even in that moment or agi. tlation. The cabman was desired to waif, while the deep but not dangerous wound-was bound up by Gabrie)le's soft dexterous fingers, and Julin?s Ad rian felt as if he would have endured far more to have been the subject of such tender care. 3nutt'e did not linger,-ha was too jealous for the honour and fame of tht unpotieptdti't.i oman, and less than a quiarter f an hour he was again on his way to his -lSgings. But there wam little sleep fur :ther of dhem that night. :: Gabrielle was in oo .nrvous agit ation foirthe future as well as tihe past What there to.be no peace for her. 