I.N T E RJN ATI ON A L CRIC KET. THE ENQLISH ELEVEN VKUSUS THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. n THIRD DAY'S PLAY. THE AUSTRALIANS STILL BATTING. Thoso superficial critics ot the gnme of cricket who, .without- coiHideration of the drcumstnnccs,: or ovoii ol O10 facts, nro eager to declare yiotory lor the first sills that may havo any success, must havo roeeivod a rude shook on oaturday. Un Friday tho .English- men, had compiled n .score of 232 for the loss of sovon wickets, whereupon the class of pooplo we havo referred to were at once confident in their idon that it was "all over but tho shouting," as tlioy. say on the rncocourao. Now a very littlo study would havo shown that tills was not tho case. In tho first placo, any criekotor know well enough that 282 for eeyon wiokote was by no means a long score on such a Bplcndid wickot, consider ing the batting talont of tho Englishmen. Secondly, oxporionco has plainly shown tlia' the professionals are a lopsided batting eleven and that although the' 'majority are oxcellont batsmen, thoro is a t.il cud thrown in on account of thoir abilities as bowlers ; or, as in the caso of Pilling, for ox- collonco behind tho wickets ; and thirdly, 0110 more thought would have reminded nny un- projudicod person that the Australian team tho Englishmon are opposed to is most sin- gularly strong in batting powor, and, there fore, if tho wickot oohtirniod good; sure to make a long score. For those reasons, it was 110 Riirnrinn f.n f.linnn nmntiSnkorl u.U). tlm -e L 'w VT . Wis UIIU IllOtiWI UL tho two plovons to find tlio Englishmen's innings closo for 309, or 27 runs for tho tlireo remaining wickets ; nor to soo that whon tho stumps woro drawn the Australians had made 228 for only fivo wickets. Suoli in faot was only what was to be oxpoclod in a truly playod gaino botweon the two olevons. Tho features of Saturday's play worn the capital bowling ofjGarrott and Giifon and tho excellent all-round batting fnnn of tho Australians. On tho rare occasions that Gificn line appeared in Mulbourno he has convcyod tlioidoa that although a line bat and a brilliant field ho had little recommendation ns a bowler, excepting that of being able tn dolivor a woll-pitchod, straight bull. On Saturday lie showed tint thoro is more in his bowling than was supposed. I to certainly was not opposed to tlio crack willow wiolders of tho English loam, hut Jiumiotfc ia by no means to bo despised, ail I Shaw lias now a really good dofenco. Besides this, it iiiiuit be remembered thaton tliu previous evening tho South Australian bowled Scottou, who if lie is not included in the team as a batsman has no othor euifioiont rocominondation. . Apart froin tho actual analysis, however, it was plainly apparent that Giffen will, if judiciously used, provo a most dangerous clianga bowler; and his ia something that will add to the strength of the team. Garrett also, as on Friday, showed how he has got back to bis vory best form with tho ball; and tho two being splendidly assisted by the field, tho three remuiuing English wickets woro lowored for 27 additional runs, tho total boing309. Considering that Garrett bowled on and off throughout thd innings, and against all tho best batsmen, his average of five wickets for 80 rune was tho best bowling pcrformauco ; but Giffon, .with .two wickets lor 17 .-.un, ulr well. Throngtiduc tho" innings the fielding of the Australians was admirable. Not a ohanco was missed, and hardly a run was put on to tho score through want of smartness in the fiold, while many were saved by special brilliancy. It WaB something new for Murdoch to start ' the Australian inuiDgs with Eannorman and himself, and it was also considered hardly tho best judgment to make M'Donncll follow Massio, as two such quick scorers are at any time likely to " pump" one another. As a matter of fact this really occurred, Massio es pecially appearing to foci tho effocts of tho heavy work whon bb and tho pramior Mel bourne Olub bat wore in together. Uannor- inau was still vory weak from tho offsets of his illness, but it. seems impossible for him to play anything but trno crickot. He and Murdoch made a gallant stand, and probably had the .little etonewallor been in better health, matters wonld have looked oven worse for the Englishmen. As it was, it was vory dls- oouraging to their supporters to see 110 on tho board before the first wickot fell. In putting these runs togethor, neither, batsman gave a ghost of a chance, and, probably, had Banner- man been stroi|ger, the ball which Midwiritor caught off liia own bowling would havo gone right over his head. Murdoch's 85 were put \- together 'iu his customary finiehod stylo, boyoncl ,iill question there is no bats man ..in .cither team that can approholi him.oitbor for stylo or all-round effectiveness. Horan appeared set and likely to make a long score whon he very softly sent a vory ordinary ball back, to tho bowlor. Mosaic's was tho only questionable cricket shown by thbAustralians. At 110 timo did he appear thoroughly at home, ;MfDnnnbll mado his 41 not out in irreproach able maimer. He showed some of that fine ' freo hitting for whioh ho is'notod, and on this occasion it : was as clean and deaidedj as could have boon dosirad. Giffon's batting was capital also. The bit which' disposed of him was only ill-jndgod in that a very littlo 'more, wood would havo made it score fivo, as it would then have gone clean over Scottbn's head; and beyond bounds. j Tho Englishmon could hardly be .compli mented on their fielding, It is true ; only ono chance was missed, and that did not do much harm, as it was one to Bates by 'Massio,- who wasjdisposed of immediately afterwards. There ..was', howevor.aloosoness and want of dexterity . about the professionals that was at times pain- . ful. At a ' moderate' computation ; it would be reasonable to say that at "len'st . thirty. : runs were added to jthe score of tbo Australians by the failure; of tho Englishmen to stop easy halls, and thoir ' inability to throw in with- oven respootable . promptitude and precision. As a . matter of yfaet this throwing in is a.vory woak point with tho Englishmen, and a very strong ono with the Australians. Almost all the Australians are perfeot in tho art,' whilo the English- imon seem to have no idea of a quick and no ' ournto return, If everything else wore equal this superiority alone wonld give the Austra lians tho victory. Tho bowliug of tbo Englishmon, as UBual, was sploudid. Tho wickot was too good, for tho bowlere to do much exocution, and Mid winter, who apparently obeyed- the order to talco the boll with very groat reluctance, was tho only 0110 who came out with any really good results. Evon Shaw could not koop tho runB down, and both Peate and Bates wore quite ot sea on tho wickot after the Anstra- llano onco got sot. Tliore is no donying, however, tho Englishmen have a groat advan tage in the number and quality of their bowlers and the opportunities for change at thoir captain's oommand. 