BILLS or HEALTII.-A despatch has I been received by the Premier (the Hon. whi W. R. Giblin) from the Admiralty Office, citi London, intimating that in cases of ofth British vessels arriving in foreign ports Syc the bills of health issued by the local ing authorities of such ports shall hear the the endorsement of the British consul of the the port of departure. pec SUBJECT TO FITS.-About 4'30 p.m. HI. yesterday a girl, of about 16 years of ago, Sa whilst walking into town along the con Elphin-road, was suddoely seized with a H. fit, and fell down on the footpath. Her 121 position was quickly observed, and she Bri was taken into the house in front of wit wlich she fell, and everything done for Ta her that was possible. As the violence of of the attack increansed a doctor was sent the for, who, after applying the usual reme- Wr dies, ordered her removal to where she sui was residing, near the Cricket Graund, ma and accompanied his patient thither. rev During the paroxysm five persons wore at necessary at times to hold the girl down. Ne We understand that on Monday last, oil! whilst engaged in swinging at the ovi Friendly Societies' Demonstration on the acl Cricket Ground, the same girl fell froms bhr the swing in a fit. The patient was pro- ins greasing favourably last evening. IT TinE McavENAEsiE. - The menagerie, a which has been on View for some weeks to I past at the corner of Brisbane and George cal streeta, continues to attract a large nui - el' ber of visitors, and the season in Latin- ho aeston has been a very satisfactory one to sq' the proprietors. On Monday last there thi were between 300 and 400 visitors, and Oh the business since has beei very good. ti We understand that our mention during the Christmas holidays of the result of a al wrestling match between a visitor and the R lussian bear (the latter being muzzled) ci led to an irruption of stalwart miners and as others, accompanied by their friends, la most of the party having "a couple of al inches" of whisky under their belts, T eagerly entreating to be allowed to get a ,f grip of that bear. The proprietors, how- re ever, had too much confidence in the do ability of their animal to hold his own, to gi o risk the chance of somebody coming to Ix grief amongst an excited crowd, and, " s much to the diaguit of the supporters of b r the honor of Great Britain against the Russian representative, very wisely do- m it lined all the tempting offers made them. 9 PEOPLE'S PiAs.-The presentations to ia k the zoological collection in tine People's o Park this week comprise st Tasmaniani Is devil from Dr. It. S. Smyth, of Latrobe, h d and a porcupine from Mr W. Newton, of ht e Cressy. A MAsONIC GscmETINo.-Tine Prince of 0 Wales, as Grand Master Mason, has for- 1t warded a special letter to the GrandPrior 0 of the Dominion of Canada. In it the a Prince states that " he is well assured of thi loyalty and trute affection of the knights of the Order towards him, and of g . their Sincere resolve that in Canada the 11 brotherly bond of union shall over exiat, )r that the prosperity of the Order and the a r- union of brotherly love of thse great b- ofnicers and members of the same minder a Her Majesty the Queen, our patron, has at bonn and are an object of his most cos a- stant care." b to BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The unsual 1r weekly meeting of the Benevolent Society .r was held in the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, when the following members ill were present:-Messra A. W. Birchall, at W. R. Barwood, J. Tulloch, B. P. Far re rally, G. Babington, and the Secretary. ,o In the absence of Captain E. L. Ditcham, m J. Stophenson, Esq , presided. The at minutes of the previous mooting were 5n read and confirmed. One application for al relief was considered and granted. Mr 1n Farrelly, in reply to a question from the °f Chairman in regard to an entertainment i given on behalf of certain suffierers by the to late tires, stated that the Launceston y" Dramatic Club had lost money through it. nt It was resolved that the present arrange og ments for Supplying rations to the Society 0' be continued for another year. The ex ny penditure for the week amounted to £83 1 a 13s, of which £21 US was for Christmas n in and Now Year extras. It was resolved si, that Mr Gladman should be requested to ly audit thi Society's accounts for the year. r- The meeting then concluded. n- ZoEDoNE.-We have received from the lc' local agents, Messrs Huycers and Ham mond, Some samples of Zoedone, a non he alcoholic wrated and phosphated iron lan beverage, which has lately cone into a., great favour both in England and the tie colonies. It is of ass amber colour, cool, at sparkling, and most refreshing and in nd vigourating so its effects. It is said to be ad also a brain and nerve tonic. The bover le- age is put up in pint champagne bottlces, all neatly labelled and capsusled. The is- patentee is Mr David Johnson, F.C.S., ad England, whose ne oe is a guarantee of rg its wholesomeness. do CAnrecLL TowN.-A concert in aid of as a local object will be given at Campbell ng Town this evening, when the local talent as will be assisted by several well-known id, amateurs from both ends of the island. ad The programme is a well selected one, as comprising solon, duets, and trios, and on amongst the list of those who take part sat are the names of Misses C. Archer and in Bell, Mensrs Forbes, F. Ferguson, and J. iok G. Sherwin, from Launceston; the Rev. as J. C. Whall, Warden of Christ's College, 'he from Hobart; and Misses Mason, J. Vi- Finlay, and Shann, of Campbell Town. for AusitnALIAN JOURNAL.- We have re coived the January number of this popular \- A journal from Messrs. Walsch Bros. and oat Birchall. It contains another instalment sy- of "His Natural Life," by the late Mr Marcus Clarke, and "A Strange case" is at continued. The Detectives' Album fur 'ho niches a sensational story, and the re ihe maining tales, articles, poetry, etc., com od plete a very readusble nunmber. the VEnILEs AvCCENT.r-Oar Scotiodalo heo correepondeint writen to thne elfeet that 5 a an accident hsappeiivd to the mail coachi .nd on Tisenday, the velsicla being capsisad int down the sideling of the road. Fortsi sid natoly noune of the panssngera were in to jured. In consequence of the dolisy ide catined in righting the ceacha attain, thne cas smail did not reads Scottsdale unitil half ole pant nine o'clock in the evening. La A Nonnow EscArc.-A narrow esampe ithi occurred to a little girl nanmed Blanche the Yandell on the Elphin-road last evening. in- Whilst playing oil the footpathn and on to ins, the read, Mr C. S. Buttosn's (cordial the massnsfactusrer) delivery cart casse roisnd tly the besid at is snmirt pace, asid osno tnt of the wheels came in contact swuls oar hser, eshe falling back agaunst it. Tue lag wheel passed over thse fleoshy past of the ;on chsildes arm, fortenately soithiont breaking to it, but the whleni came no cloe to her dat head thsat it wvae something smiracuslouss ster she was not killed em the epot. No rof blama wrhatever in attachable to thne log driver. a Sroienso.-Thie following nominations ore were wads at Hobart for the T. T. C. er, Summer Meeting :-Lausnceaton Cup and rde T.T.C. Hasisicap, Mr A. Page'e Tripaway. era Tue folloeisig nomnissatlonts were made at thr Launcenton for the T.J.C. Meeting : en, Hobart Cup, Mr ,J. Powelles Meander; Weld Stakes, [Sir .T. Powelles Meaniler, the Mr C. E. Ralston'e Cantlebar ; Steeple tint chase, Mr C. E. Ralotosn' Morvein, Mr >me J. Powellas Echo. ngn PSOLE or HOnSEc.-An iseportaist sale nee ef hersec iltl be held to-day ist Chiresisoss, or near Evandale, commeincieg at a quarter. toy- past ne, svhess a large nosober of iwo thoroughbred and other horses soul l e s of eubndtted for competition, inchidinsg Iso ver stallion Torchltighit, a son of ilhe celo the brated Fireworks, and oiut of Fly, ownes aister to thie fsmosis Fishilook tsy Fish INO. hook, out of Marelsioness, aind otlser nod useful aind ivell bred animalo ton niumer ary oisa to particularina. A numibor of cart the hsoroeusowill aliso be osibmifted. ing ORsANGE LOimuE-Thse LO.L. Bismarehs sian Lodge meets 0on Monday at ltha Odd the fellowe' Hall for linitiation of oflicers, xed when vieltiiig brethren ear invited. be AnOCACATiIOLIeCiiHUai. -Thlefousida pan lion etone of the Chburch of the Guardiasn am- Angele at Avoca seill he laid by hIsl Lord oat. shi the Bihshop of Hobart at 3 p.m. on Sunday next. TIE AUSTRALIAN SQUADRON.-1 letter 'fI which has beon received by one of our citizens (says the Mercury), from an officer on board H.M.S. Miranda, now at - Sydney, contains several items of interest ing news concernining the movements of the Australian squadron. H.M.S. Nelson, SA the new flagship for the station, is ex pected to reach Sydney on the 10th inst. H.M.S. Emerald was to leave Sydney last Saturday, for New Zealand, whither she conveyshisExcellency Sir Arthur Gordon. by H.M.S. Cormorant. leaves Sydney on the A 12th inst., for Brisbane. Commander pr Bruce, who, by the way, will not mooet p with much sympathy from the ladies of to Tasmania, leaves this ship in consequnence m of ill-health, and proceeds to England by be the R.M.S. Carthage. Conmmintderjo Watson, who was here in the Wolverenein succeeds Commander Bruce in the com mand of the Cormorant. H.M.S. Wolve. m rone, which is at present in the dry dack at Sydney, is to be handed over to the Now Sonth Wales Government, and her oflicers and crew will proceed, home by one of the mail steanmers shortly. H.M. schoonners Alacrity and Conflict are to be broken np. H.M.S. Miranda is under tc instructions to proceed from Sydney to at Hobart, and we may expect her here inn m a few days. She will also visit TLaunce-n. ton. The Premier has received a notifi cation to the effect that her Majesty's T ships Diamond and Espoigle are to leave at home shortly to join the Australian ti squadron. Both these vessels belong toe the "precious stone" class, and are, d sister ships to the Emerald, at present on the station. U NonInnEaseTae RanLwAY. - The ti abridged prospectus of the North-Eastern it Railway Company, which is designed to -1 construct a railway botweonGeerce Town and Lefroy, appears in anothercolumn. A hi large number of the shares have been already applied for ; the list closes on Tuesday next. HOLe.n'a BeRIDGE.-A correspondent recently called attention to several dangerous holes in this bridge. We are c glad to note that the defects have been h promptly and satisfactorily renneded. A 9 great part of the material for the nowe bridge is on the ground. SUICIDe BY A CLEROTnnAN.-A deter. mined nat of self-destruction was com- i mitted on Monday by a young gentleman in holy orders, named Frank Hlarding, who at one time was enurate of St. Peter's, Fnastern-hill. He was on a visit to Canon I Handdield, incumbentof the church. He had been paying his addresses to a young I lady without success, and in consequence e of thishebecamelow spirited. On Sunday afternoon, just after dinner, lie took about loz. of a mixture containing between two u and three drachnms of hydrate of r chloral. Dr. Tengus was called. in, and, under his treatment, Mr Harding I gradually recovered. Yesterday morning he seemed well again. He still, however, declared that if lie was unsuccessful in his suit he would destroy himself, and he smade another attempt yesterday after noon, swallowing more poison at his resi dence in St. Kilda. He was taken to the Melbourne Hospital in an insensible con dition. Remedial measures were applied, a but lie gradually sank, and died at half past ten o'clock last evening, Canon Handfield remaining with him to tine last. He was only 22 years of ago, and held a good position as teacher of a school in Tasmania. AUSTRALASIAN VETERINARY JOURNAL. \- We have received No. 1 of the Aus- tralasian Veterinary, a monthly quarto journal of veterinary science, published at Melbourne, and edited by Messrs. Graham Mitchell, Thomas Chalwin, and William T. Kendall. The journal is well got up, and contains much useful infor- mation, and as a periodical of the kind is much needed on Australia, where so much attention is paid to the breeding of stock, it should meet with a large share of support. ,y CRUiELTY To ANDIALS.-We have re is peatedly called attention to the state of many of our streets that have been 1d metalled during the last year, some of io which havy not even yet boon blinded. Yesterday morning one of the light de r livery carts was coming down Charles a street with a comparatively empty cart, when the horso (a really fine animal) 1a slipped on one of the loose stones, falling and cutting one of his knees severely, at c the lame time breaking the shafts and straining the vehicle generally. Thin is 1o not the first accident of the kind that has nhappened, and we think the S.P.C.A. has a chance to distinguishi itself here. 1e EDucATroNAL. - Mrs F. Richards' r- ladies' school resumed on 17th inst., and a Broadland House school '(Mrs utesnol 1C and Miss Manley) on 18th inst. Mr Fraser's commercial school resumes on of Monday. of A NINETEcoNTHr CENTURY GHnsT. - There are few ancient houses which do it not possess some uncanny resident in the n shape of a ghost, who never appears but to presage misfortune, death, or disaster in tine family to which it may be said to nj belong. We all remember how the stop rt on the ghost's walk at Cheaney WVold fore rd boded dishonour to the lofty Sir Leicester n Dedlock, baronet ; and here, not in fiction, but as a fact, comes the story of v' the a Drummer of the Airlie family." It . is authentically stated that a few days previous to the very sudden ands unex pected death of the late Earl of Airlie, e. who expired at Denver, America, whilst ar on a visit to that city, the fatal visitant wa was distinctly heard by several members nt of the family beating his spectral drum Swith a weird eneo y never practieed unless -the ead of the house be threatened, and r- old retainers aflirm that the sorrowful *e- news of tlie earl's decease did not ind n. them unprepoared. ie AN OBLIteNG- Kuntnivc -it isasaid thnat solhena tine Emnpraeos Eugeanio wasan inn Egypt .at aino exiancscel a sleairo to avitnneos ann cm Egyptiann s-eldinng. Tine Khndive. ianune ad einately summnnonnee ann otlicer of his stall, ss annd told hnitn to ho r-eandy to ho mnarried n- noxt day. Onne of tine ladica attachnod to ny thno har-enn vsas olnaignatod as tine bride, If- atnelthe w dig camen oil ins gratone style, cocethe del0h of tine Emnnirees nand of all cocre.His Highsneos spaid tino bills pe and set nap tine couplse its good style, ina me cluadinag tine presenat of a mouse, avhere theo '* Emnpiress paielthnema a coingratoictory visit. toi Isoo'sO~rietntoi Wetris. alIIons T-E AccoUNT rOot Jr-Mr Tinsa. \n W Ktnox, innm ais-nank "Thim Onienalsn tao Wanrl,' chnanrancterises tine- Aralas am lth atrascinu lianie, nand inc stantie thnat thney loosae a stary whnich thney tell lanancounot far ng thnnt his Santannic- Majeaty nines camsen on aer oorthn asithn ninno banga 0fnal of lien. He 'ut scanttercd tine cointenats of otne hang in oEuoeane tse startedfor Asian, ria lhe Enuohe, arindtl Isles. He ar~rived rit -Aleannadrie isa tine evetniang, asne asas to ma~ cotntinuoe his aworl noxt slay -but dunrita C. tine naighat salie wicked Atab, oatsie lna nd anther nighat hogs, naiad elistributeed thne conn ny. tennts amonang tineir isealle! a Eaeoa LIrE.-Out foso, s acot asp, really esjoy tlfe; tinesesenerest to oeajoytnac it are tine ar most dineontestod, tine nttictsattotn of nloasuare er, enagbtie oaly tiacouagin eslaecsi yot taspetsoa Ir- eansonsuimpoaacaateinneaIis oasoi laoni sa ntom ofI vr noisifariethin oPoaaanitsatotici, asslny aha, be ht~otorlosaost hioersaf onail oun tiso teasonhe hosale dsoesaagnac careen uf oanstnsian ai rliefasa Lonteeueseanyai morneenn ever cheiany tel ho ant. eamrcle botl by trnsaystin. Alsrses .heartle Din-t eor Role nenssotstfor. Tausmaoya eL. nior sneandom cr SnChmi Is adtcesatos. Now, you oft mavs fanlo tn cOlsatcthtoppn atchsn, nasal mae h eceal lutin tiami ually dC omme yosao Htaaai Deof le ines-oe Asiayao tlnean, itentresclonsi so lass10 a~m anna if nas a : ottl slae scn dot t I-a , lasa ss eaa n desaa sin kannin Isott yasl rii largt e h tasralto, l eot anr Col seosatm for 4 lassasin a ..lsilsone s art- A cocoeitons fono thnoisraphceuanebntlh ameld at ntione prsentepsd bysomemersofthe iassoc a-ion ein l be resumnneiaa onae eantely osne a 0tsne 