.TEE PLAGUE-SMITTEN SH IP. FBu J. Mclaren Cobban, Selgravia.) Continued from our Issue of Wednesday last. The doctor turned to the skipper, who stoon mulling Ms beard, wearily gazing out lo sea, and then gazing wistfully for signs of emotion tjn the tug. , , ,, 'Skipper,' said tho young man, yonneedn t ?look for tho tug.' . , . . « It's going to bo a wild night again, said the skipper. ' You're sure there s water OT«°QgMte enough, if you can once turn the -s ? ? ti—a wAnr nnhoonor sit well to the sea when under sail, skipper, and answer her 'tnddor smart f . - The skipper nodded over and over again, as if it were superfluous to ask. ' Then wo'll do it 1 About the besting out for a good taok in you'll know hotter that I ? do—* ^ 'And^bout what sails you will set?' 'Jib and mainsail. I oan't manage mor'n two wi' only tho boy there'— pointing to a loggy youth of 18 or so. 'That'll do. Yonr bit of square rig will not interfere with yon then. Well, all the direction I have to give yon is, shave tho end of the ?breakwater pier as close as ever you oan; you get a good cap/ul of wind between it and the '?lighthouse pier, then down at once with every ? sail, and round yon go, and shoot alongside the lighthouse there, if not past it ' The ekipper eyed the eager young man with ?an odd smile; ho seemed to have forgotten he ?was a medical practitioner, and thought of him ? onlyaBan amateur sailor. 'Well, said he, ?« we'll see if we can do it. Before we raise the , anohor I must go down to Susy again. Would ye like to see her again, sir? Ho now rocol looted he was addressing the doctor. They found both the wife in the cabin and ?the two sailors in the forecastle more feverish. ' They do say,' raid the skipper, ' in my part o' the oouutry, that the like o' that shows a sudden ohango o' weather. _ Pray God it bain't ?tobeadevilo' a night again.' The sailors' case seemed to be so serious that the doctor at onoa inquired for wet cloths for their heads, and deolared his intention of stay, -ing below. Ab ho eat on tho bottom etop of the compan ? ion- way looking into the f QBty gloom and hear ing the sighing and moaning of the men, which mingled dismally with the dash of the waves against the bows, and the steady clink-clink of the windlass in working the vessel up to her anohor, reflection earns upon him. How ? crammed with inoident, feeling, and decision had been tbe few minutes since he had come on board 1 He had hurried into advice and action, without foran instant considering himself. He now Skw very olearly how he had compromised not onjy his present safety, hut his hopes of snc -oeesfnl praotios. Would the narrow, prejudiced TwysbaHans ever forgive Mm ? What were the skipper and his wife and men to him more than to the Twysoarians, that he, of all men, shonld have rushed into snoh peril on their acoount? Would they reward him for the rnin of Mb prospeotB ? Would they find him a living, now that his chance of one in Twyscar ? was' lost? They would doubtless thank Mm heartily if they reoovered ; if they did not re cover, the big skipper would probably blame and hate him. . The bnmp of.one of the sailors in Mb bunk, and a louder moan than nsnal, roused bim out ?Of his bitter reverie. With the lightness and buoyanoy of youth and health, be was again on his feet by the side of his patients, tenderly ministering to thorn. That a man's action is nobler than bis philosophy is happily as often ?trne as the converse is. He gave tliem water to drink, and wrung out afresh the cold wet oloths for their heads. Then a peouliar bound and lurch in tho ship told him that tbey were under sail, and he ran on deck. The two jibs were set and tho main sail ; the Bkipper was at the wheel, and the 'headlong waves dashed and clambered at the bows and fell in harmless spray on the deck. He looked at the shore and the piers, lined with people, and he fancied what a weight of dread and' responsibility must be shifting from their ? era t en hearts as they saw the schooner sailing away — to Flixenby, of course. He tried to im agine the exultation of Oripplegarth at the ap parent success of his policy, and the sophistical ease' he and all of them would try to find for their consoiences in the fact that Twyscar^ had at least put a smart doctoT on board the ship. ' The mean, terrified ears !' he exclaimed to himseli. ' , „ And yet in view of hie own mood of a few minntes sinoe, he relented a little and con sidered. 'If that wretch Oripplegarth even were once here, I dare say he'd be kind to these poor things.' ? « Doctor ahoy !' The doctor went abaft to tbe skipper. ' You'll excuse my makin' so Lee, sir, but I'd take it particular kind if you'd give a look down at my poor 8usv.'_ ' I was just coming, skipper ' t You'll exouso me, sir ; but we bain't been married a year yet ;' and the doctor observed there was a large drop swelling in the corner of each eye ; hut that might have been owing to the bitterness ol the wind, whieh swept under the pent house of his soul wester, and found out every hair of Ms beard. ?Tho dootor, when he returned on deck, saw that , the Bohooner was not in hopetul plight. oatt nhQ.inaae OUv lUUQ wny viuw w auu with keeping her head up to the wind the waves buret over her deok ; the forecastle hatch way had to be dosed ' There must be a queer set of current here about,' said the Bkipper. 'There is, but — ' the yonng man lcoked -anxious and puzzled.. Then he took out his watch. 'That'a it,' he exclaimed. 'The tide has turned qnd doubled the strength of the -current. If we can only get well out, it will carry us in like a mill-stream ' ' We must see if we can hoist tho foresail,' raid the ekipper. 'Oan you hold the wheel, sir; till Bhe's np P So At length the Bohooner was got far enough out to sea, the foresail was again furled, and, while the skipper drew the wheel well np, the lad stood ready to swing the mainsail round. This was not accomplished a moment too soon, for the storm, like a monstrous winged thing, eould be seen flying over the glooming, whiten ing waters. The ship trembled like a living creature in turning, as if ehe felt the approach of. her dreadful enemy. Then she leaned over and' plangsd and dashed, through^ streaming gregPh water and onrling and hissing white, straight for tbe pier head, against and over whioh the sea was madly flinging itself. What' were the astonishment and dismay of the speotatora on the beach and pisr when the sMp' whioh was bearing away the terrible plagha from their doors and the dread from their hearts was seen swiftly returniog. Home laughed in a vacant fashion, others exclaimed, ' Good G— 1' and turned aa if to find some one to.blame. \- Ah, look ve 1 It's sight o storm has sent her back !' oried some. Oripplegarth guessed more accurately, ' I'so wager,' he muttered, 'it's that young Doctor's triok. He's mad after tryin' his new fangled onrea. But, by gum! he ehanna bring 'em here. Ah, lordy, lordy 1' be cried, 'she'll go yet I.. She wanna etand another like that! ' She'll drivel She'll drive !' The squall had overtaken and flowa upon the schooner with its blinding envelopment of rain and wind. She staggered and wallowed on her beam ends in the trongh of tbe sea, and as the storm swept over hor and mingled its stream ing darknesB with the gathering shades of eve niDtti WUH uuauutuu tui iiiumcub ui from those on shore. Would sho re-appear, or was she gone forever, dootor and all ? Pre sently she was desoried plunging valiantly as before, straight at the pier head ; she had not been driven half a oable'e length from her course. Oripplegarth silently, doggedly watohed her approach. ' She'll do it 1' was tho reluctant and alarmed matter that went round among the wagging heads and nneasy shoulders. And she did it. She shot round tho pier and dropped her mainsail in the true Twyscar fashion, and while Oripplegarth glared in dia oomfitnre, she slid in toward the light houBe, bringing her offensive human cargo nnder their very noses. Even then, however, her ' way ' was exhausted, and the strong undertow might have oarried her away, but that for very abame they could not refuse to throw her. a ropa. They were going to haul her in. ' AvaBt thore 1' oried the harbour-master ; t nn n't 170 intfi harbonr. skinner 1' ' What's that for, Mr. Horbour.master ? must go iu.' ' Keep a civil tongue, BMpper. Yon mu.t go where y ou'ro told, or go eomawhere elsu ; you must moor hero.' _ ... So the Bohoonor was moored just off the light house, ontsido the mouth of tho harbour and in its out-draught. The young dootor jumped ashore in a fine passion. 'You'll repent this!' he said, as ho passed Cripplegarih and strode away. III. Darkness seemed to envelop sea and land, atid tho fury of tho storm grow rabid. Speota tors speedily vanished from tho pier, and from the shore, too, which was made untenable by the rushing surf, whioh would, whon least expected, Bweop swiftly from the sands np into the yards and against the houses, and by tho stinging, bitter rain peouliar to suoh a storm, compounded of eea and cloud, spray and fine sand, driving through the garments and almoBt througn the skin. The calm hght of the light house was lit ; beneath it streamed the lurid flare of tho blazier, and beneath it again, on tho pavement, paced tho dark, stormy figure of the self constituted guardian of Twyscar health and reputation. As he tramped sturdily up and down, careloss and scarcely oonscions of the persistent bufferings of the storm, in his tongh, dogged nature his half-baffled resolution was growing to heroic proportions. As hor honr-inaster his will had always been unques tioned as law, and it must be admitted that until this crieis it had ruled fairly and honestly ; and now that it should be sot aside aud frustrated was not to bo borne. He had re solved and said (in his headstrong heat, he had now half forgotten why) that that aohoonor should not enter his harbour ; and there it was straining at its cables under his very nose though, indeed, not quito in the harbour, lhat meddling yonng doctor would bo baok by.and by with cabs or vsbicles of some sort to carry away the ' smitten' people on board and spread the horrible infection throughout tho town. ' Ho ehanna ! By the L ? , he ahanna !' and the old man clenched his fists. But how ?— how ? He mast be somehow pre vented at once, or he oonld not be prevented at all, and that would be gall and wormwood. Up and down, up and down, with a keen re vengeful eye on tbe deok of tbs schooner, ^ and the skipper who now paoed it and now disap-^ peared below. How the outward rash of the nnderourrent made the vessel tug and 1 paoe ' at her cables, whichhad become Bemewhat slack, and craoked and creaked with every rcourring strain. If they would only snap, ^ then — ! All at onoe he remembered Sam's reminiscences of ships wrenched fijom their moorings even in the harbour by tho out-draught in a nor eaater. He noted that the skipper was not on deok, and he went and examined both cables. That from the bows had the greater Btrain, and pasBed through the gap of a large doable block and pulley of the kind commonly affixed flatwise to the edges of piers and quays ; the other had less strain, and his heart leaped to observe it was loosely knotted about the mooring post ; one of tbe ties in the knot was already almoBt undone. He safe olearly now what he would do. Bnt the skipper had retnrned on deok, and he mnst wait. Ho entered his imuggery at the base of the lighthous , and issued again with a hatohet in Mb hand. By-aud- by the skipper went below ngain ; this waB Cripplegarth'e opportunity. He rapidly arranged tho fastenings of ths looser oabla so that it would drag itself free when fnll strain was onee put upon it. Then he went to the blook and pulley, where the other was yawning to and fro and fraying itself, and he set the sharp edge of the axe for it to rnh on. This done, he resumed his Bturdy, measured tramp on the stones. All unconscious of tho fate slowly creeping upon him and his helpless wife and crew, tho skipper wearily paced ths deck and wondered what delayed the dootor coming to their resoue. Under the load of fear and exhaustio n whioh. oppressed him, he swore to himself that, once his dear Susy were well enough, and ehe and the timber landed at Bideford, never would he eet foot on ehip again. But why did not the doctor come? Was it only sleeplessness or was it atBo presentiment that made his heart acho with dread, as ho listened to tho roar and hiss of the storm from whioh tho pier sheltered him, as he felt his ship painfully groaning and straining at her moorings, and aa he watohed the wild flare of the brazier above, and the grim, eiDister figure of that hard old man, who Beemed in his lonely pereiBtent pacing like a wild beast waiting to spring on his prey ? Why did not the dootor come ? He went below again and looked at his bonny wife, now sleeping with soothing wet oloths about her head. He then went forward to see the two men : the lad whom he had loft by them was asleep, and they were tossing and moaning and mumbling. ' Well, well, poor lad ! ho a as tired aa a lojr.' He gave the men drink, and refresh :d them with cool cloths aud then returned on deok. He, poor fellow, could not rest. Oh, why did not the doctor -? He caught tho rumble of wheels— oab-wheelB — upon the pier; the dootor was coming at last. 1 But the ear of that sinister watohful man _1 ? L. J ? AA»rakP fVira unllTllI ftf wKpaIa. Tfl ftOOYG flttU UIOU uuuguu '*? 'AA-ww.w. an instant he wae at the age of the pier and bending over, and before the skipper oonld con ceive what he was about, the schooner was drifting away, and the cables splashed into tho sea. ? You infernal villain 1' ha yelled, and rushed to tha wheel. The next quarter of an hour was to tho skipper a desperate, almost . delirious handto hand fight with the rush and whirl and pitiless pelting in the storm. He reaohed the foreoastle somehow and roused the boy, by dint of shout ing and dragging, to a sense of the situation ; be was handling the wheel while the hoy let ont the.jib; be was borne on by mighty hiss iug seas he knew not whither, except that it w&fl; furtber &na; turBaer iroai mu pier wuuea light grow yellower or smaller. He knew now that hia Bohooner was to beoome a wreck ; it was of no use trying to run out to sea ; he oonld only strive to run her ashore on the beaoh. Bnt a vast wave swept on the ship broadside,* burst over her, and knocked him down. He clung to tho wheel, but in a moment he let it go; it was of no use; either the i udder or rudder-chain was broken. The ship now lay and wbh swept away at the oruel moroy of the waves — swept with wind and onrreut away, to the Bouth'ard against the dark cliffs, whoBohollow roar, as they kept the breakers at bay stunned the tears and made the blood run cold. That the dear helpless 8uay must be flung to be torn between these Titanio combatants!— ? Good Lord, deliver ua, and forgive that in human old man !' It soatcsly mattered that there was no boat in li.iinr.Vi for it oonld not have lived a moment in suoh a sea. What, then, was to be done? He got some tow, lit it and made the lad swing it to show a flare. But presently this was put out and tho lad almost swept over board by a haaw soa. Ho reoolleoted his double-barrelled rifle in tbe cabin ; he brought it on deok and fired it off. Surely now his dis tress was known, and kind souls would rush to hia rescue; for kind sonla thore must be in Twyscar; it wan an English town, and had seafaring men of its own. Jfet, though lights bnrned steadily and brightly in the houses on the cliffs, he saw no lights appear along tho sh ore. Were ho and hi. quite, quito forsaken ? . , It seemed to him that ho had been driving thm for hoars through the etorm. His body was growing numb and hln mind stupid ; the 'wind buffeted him, the waves burst upon the dock and drenohed him ; but he was no longer conscious of them. His ono thought, growing ever more wild and distracting, was only 'SuBy! Busy !' But in reality it oould not have been more than half an hour from the moment ho know ho had left the pier before ho felt the ship Btriko on tho sunken rooks and awoke anew to tho necessity for instant action. The deok- loid— that was hia only hope. They might get ashore on it. Ho descended to j ho oabin. To his dismay ho saw that tho water had already entered, and that Susy. lay . ooimly; asleep with the few bed qlothes ebe. bad . en dured upon hor all wet. In sudden despair at the thought, that she would probably never open h«r eyeB upon bim again, ho stood par a'yeed. T hen he bent down and passionately kissed hor, calling ' Susy ! Susy I my dear, dear, duar wife. She turned and murmured, and as if with a sudden inspiration (he remembered hearing among the old folk at home that sea wot if well wrapped in thick, dry things, would not give cold), he wrapped hor in the feather bed on whioh she lay, and whioh the water had not yet touched ; then he swathed her tightly in all the blankets he oould find, ' took oil his oil-skin and put it about her, and thou above all wrapped a stout tarpaulin which completely inoased her. He carried her thus on deok, and lashed her to tho deck load. Then ho struggled to tho forecastle, wrapped tho Bailors in what things he oould find, and oarried them, one by one, and lashed them also to the timber. He nnoid the fastenings which bound this im provised raft lo the deck, and shouting to the lad, ' Hold on for your lifo !' he waited for tho next big wave to break over the ehip and carry tho raft away. It caine, and they were swept i into tho seething, hissing caldron of waters, . . . Then ho knew no more — hut that he clutched and olung with tearing nails and peel ing fingers ; that he wub blinded and choked, beaten aud bruiBed — till he camo to himself on a ledge in the cliff, and lot the desolate thought, ?sweep over him, ' I am alone 1 Susy is gone!' But presently hia heart bounded to see higher up the ledgo tho ruins of the raft, and to find close to his hand the line which connected him with the tarpaulin which lay upon it. Susy waB near to him 1 But was she alive ? He crept to her; her eyes wore olosed, and hor face cold! It could not be she was dead! She must not die! She might only have swooned. He unbound her, and took hor, in all her wrappings, to carry her away. But his heart fell again ; how could lie, with his .bur don, escape from that cleft in _the cliff, up its lugged side ? He muBt wait a little, till be bad recovered some strength. He orouched as far baok aBhe could, with hia wife in his arms. The oruel, wolfish waves nn. weariedly leaped up at hiin,and, with cold, strenuous fingers, tried to tear , him and his precious burden down. In their disappointed fury they hissed and reared and Bpit at him. The wind smote him and tried to push or snatch . him from hiB plaoe, and, as if to dizzy him, whirled great sponges of foam about his head and away np into the cliff. But he clung to the rock. ? ? Then he felt strong enuugh to attempt to olimb out of his perilous peroh. ? #???»«« That evening of the 6th of March the mana ging committs of the Oliff Gardens and Promo nade hold the annual dinner in the banqueting room ef the Hall by the Sea The eea climbing np their massive wail derisively flung spray and foam and shredB of seaweod at their lighted windows, but they ouused the shutters to be olosed to keep all thought of the Beu out, and they rubbed their hands and sat down to eat and drink and to he as merry as became magistrates of the town and fathers of fami lies. Now, it happened in Twyscar at that time, as it happens always and everywhere, that one corporate capacity attracted another ; if a man was a magistrate he was sure also to be on the ' Cliff Committee,' aud if he was on the 'Cliff Committee,' he was certain to be on the ' Harbour Commission.' 8o all the men who cheorfnlly leant over their soup knew of the odd fate of the p'agne-smitten ship, and of the providential deliverance of the town from tha risk of the plague. Still, they were not free from oare ; an irksome sense of not hav ing acted either in person or by proxy quite as became honest men and merchants hung heavy about their spirits till the wine had oiroulated several times. 'Then tongues wagged more freely ; but it was noticeable that no one even yet talked of what each was think ing about. At length the ohairman (ihe middle-aged hanker whom we saw on the pier in the after noon) rose to propose a. oertain toast [' Hear, hear.'] . ' Gentlemen, I rise to propose the toast of the evening — prosperity to Twyscar and to the Oliff Gardens, Nover before, I think I may venture to Bay, has this committee met under such favourable auspices* The town, 1 believe, has entered upon an era of unexampled pros perity. The gardenB and the hall by the sea have entered upon an era of unexampled pros perity, whieh by the blessing of Providence — ' Thero he stuck dumb, with all eyes fastened on him. He clutched the baok of his ohair, and the pallour of hia face and the dumb move ment of his lips were a study for Maobeth when the ghost of i anquo appears at the fanat. The reaBon stood in the door— a tall, wild looking, man with yellow, dishevelled beard and hair-coat and shirt hung in tetters about his strong arms, in whioh he bore a great tarpauliu package. ' Feastin.' gentlemen ?' he said in a natural tone enough, laying down his harden on the floor and kneeling over it regardless of their presence. Then he Btood up and advanced to the table with uplifted hand and delirious look (they now observed his feet were bare and bleed ing.) ' If she's dead— may God bring judgment upon your oursed town 1' Then with a great sob he put his hands to his face and entreated, ' For mercy's sake, help me ! Is there a doctor among ye ?' There was not. And nnderetat ding that In strange bundle might be alive and breathing out pestilence, and douth, (for one and all now gnessen wno tne man wus,j tuey uusurauoiruut its neighbourhood. ' He's — he's mad !' gasped the chairman. ' Let's send 'em into the kitchen,' said one more pitiful or less terror-stricken than the rest. They heard a Budden rush of feet in the hall; a figure burst in at the door. ? Gentlemen — ' and there he stopped, staring at the ekipper; it was Dr. Harlaud. ? A rapid glance round, and be comprehended the situation. . He lookup, the insensible ^ woman in his arms, ahd'was going out, whtn he turned agaip and said: ' ' 1 Twyscar Bhall suffer for this. I'll put it in all tha newspapers in the country. A parcel of oowardly iooib i mere is no ouujera ou uuaru tho ship that your wretohed creature Cripple, garth nut from her moorings. Oh, yon need not stare and frown at me — 'it's a faot whioh I can prove. If you have any, remorse for the oonduot of your town, you ban go out and sob if thorn are any others, you, oan save ; sho's on the museel-Wds. Hi, my poor friend.' Tho ekipper had slipped from the ohair in whioh he had sat down. In silent shame, they gathered round to revive him (were they nnt assured by a dootor that there was no oholera ?) Others came about tho dootor and Ma oharge, whom he had oarried to the fire, while others BtiU hurried out to find the wreok, 'You'd better leara this to mo,' said the dootor. ' It's not oholera, but it's contagions. Ho was puzzled and astonished to find, on uudoing tbe many wraps about the woman, that hor skin was quite warm and soft and healthy. held sal volatile to her nostrils, and she opened hor eyOB as naturally as from a deep refreshing sleep. In lieu of beef tea he gave her Borne warm, olear soup. ? In half an hour tho skipper and his wife looked o 1ml) in eaoh other's eyes, nnd grasped with fervent, thankful love eaoh other's hands ; the fever was gone. Ia a week Susan was walking ronnd Dr. Harland'a gardon on hor husband's arm ; and in a fortnight she gratofully , and with a Biateriy tenderness, kissed the dootor after ho had promised to visit Bideford, and wbb helped into the railway carriage on the beaming skipper's Btrong arm. That rapid reoovery from typhoid fevor was tho talk of tho town and the study of the dootor. It resulted in Dr. Harland'a famous ' Fever Treatment,' for whioh, among other things, Twyeoar is now fsmod ; for the dootor at onoe becamo a groat man in the town, and waB speoially sought after to take oharge of tho health and the seorotB of itB magistrates. Those who would like to oxploro tho scene of this strange story will hardly recognise it, for Twyeoar ia now rich and increased with goods ; it is grown beyond all belief, and is now often called by a royal name. Whether its marvellous prosperity has come because or in spite of its early orime, I leave casuists to determine. ? . [Tee End.] 