BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE., Seventh pay. Tbe members assembled at 9. SO on Wednesday, March 1. After the devotional exercises Mr. Bourne sub mitted aievisedlist of his appointments while in ' improvement upon that made dj- the committee. His revision was unanimously adopted by the Conference. The General Chapel Secretary presented his re tort, which showed 'that a considerable amount had been raised in the chapel department for new erections and improvements, and also for the reduc tion of old liabilities ; but that in many instances more attention is greatly needed in this department ? of our work.' Seven new chapels had been opened during the year, making a total of 115 in tne colony. The sitting accommodation provided was 16,CC0 ; several chapels were in course of erection; a number of enlarge ments and improvements were also reported, besides these there were 18 ministers' residence*, 0 cottages ? and 17 schoolrooms. The total income had been £6,200 2s. 4d., and the total liabilities now etood at upwards of £20,000. After remarks by several members on the importance of using the utmost endeavours to lessen the debts in those cases where they were heavy, and several explanations by the ? Secretary to questions put to him, the report was ? adopted and ordered to be entered in tbe journal of the Conference. The Missionary Secretary submitted his esti mates of income and expenditure for 1S32. He had prepared a list of grants to bo made to stations needing them and another list of rooaipts to come from all the circuits. These lists were subjected to severe and lengthened criticism, and they finally passed as follows:- Grants wore made to North Adelaide, £2S 10s.; Port Adelaide, £49; Gawler, £14 ; Mitcham, £29 (also towards furnishing house, £14) ; Port Elliot, £17 10s ; MiUicont, £11 ; Burra, £ii ; Kapunda, £10; Hallett, £14 ; Kadina, £20; Port Ancusta. £1710s.:Wirrabanii;u/nUn*own-vlsfnrn?- nireAH;; Morcuani and Orroroo, 0210s.; Quorn. £32 10s.; Port Germein, £17 10s. (al.fo towards fur niture £19). The income from the circuits was set down as follows:— Adelaide, £10: North Adelaide £20; Port Adelaide, £15; Bowden, £40: Gawler £86 ; Mitcham, £25 ; Mount Torrens, £16 ; Yanka lilla, £20; Clarendon and Willunga, £.15; Port Elliot, £20; Mount Lofty, £35; Millicent, £10: Burra, £25 ; Auburn, £30 ; Kapunda, £25 ; Riverton £6 ; Hallett, £8 ; Kadina, £12 ; Moonta, £30 ; Bala klava, £25 ; Kulpara, £10 : Snowtown, £20 ; Keilli, £10 ; Port Augusta, £12 ; Crystal Brook, £15 ; Glad stone, £15; Wilmington, £11; Wirrabara, £15; Morchard and Orroroo, £16; Quorn, £13; Port Germein, £10. Resolutions were adopted granting to Hampton ' and Willunga Chapels pound for pound on all the funds that these places may raiso during the year for reduction of debt The English Conference was asked to. give the Revs. James Rowe and James Stoyel, or either of them, authority to sell (in conjunction with .the trustees) Connexions! property hi the colony. The Sunday-school Secretary presented his report. It showed that there were in tho colony 86 schools, S'29 teachers, and 5,417 scholars, beine an increase during the year of 3 schools, 80 teachers, and 409 scholars. It showed also that 162 of these had joined the Church during tho year. The total income of this department had been £940 12s. 8d., and the expenditure £820 10s. 4d., leaving a balance in the hands of the Treasurers of £111 2s. fid. The committee had prepared a scheme for in- . surance of Connexional property against loss by fire. After discussion it was decided to refer the scheme to the consideration of the next District Meetings and Conference. Mr. Thorne submitted the following resolution:— 1 ' That we now place on record our sense of the great services rendered to the Connexion in the colony by our President, the Rev. F. W. Bourne. We recog nise with gratitude his high Christian character, and give him our hearty thanks for his wise and Christian teachings and counsel. We learn with regret that his health has severely suffered of late years from the English climate, and believing that the help of our brother would be of the greatest im portance to our cause we give him a hearty and unanimous invitation to labour amongst us, and affectionately request the English Conference to appoint Brother Bourne to labour in this colony.' This was seconded by Mr. Rowe. Several members supported the motion, and stated their earnest desire that Mr. Bourne would so express himself to the English authorities as to induce them to appoint him to labour in this colony. It was believed the change would be of great advantage to his health, and might preserve his valuable services to the Con nexion for many years. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Bourne thanked the Conference for their good opinion of him. He could make no definite promise, but unless his health were better in the utnre than it had been in the past he should have to seek change, and there was no part of the world, so far as he now knew, that ho should choose in preference to South Australia. If the English Con ference complied with their request he should be much pleased to come and labour with them in this colony. The Book Steward presented his report, but ' explained that he had not been able to understand the accounts left him by his predecessor, and that the Auditors had not yet completed their work. The report was referred back to the Auditors, who were instructed to complete their work and present the report to the General Committee. It was decided to publish a digest of the laws and regulations of the Connexion in this colony, and the Revs. J. Rowe and T. Piper were appointed to pre pare the same and to lay it before the next Con ference. The Port Augusta District Meeting forwarded a resolution recommending Conference to arrange for the publication of a monthly denominational paper - instead of the present quarterly magazine. After a brief discussion, in which it was shown that the proposal was altogether impracticable, the subject was allowed to drop. The same District Meeting also forwarded a resolu tion complaining in very strong terms of a certain article which had appeared in the magazine during the year, and especially of the Editor for allowing it to appear. One or two members spoke strongly on the subject ; but as the general opinion ap peared to he adverse to any measure being adopted, and as the Pre1 ent advised the matter be allowed to drop, Coherence passed on to the next business. Conference sat beyond the usual time, and adjourned at 5'40. Eighth Day. Conference resumed at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning. The Rev. J. Thorkk read the address to tho Churches, which had been prepared by the ReF J. Way. It was adopted and ordered to be printed with the minutes of Conference. Rev. R. Laxg had prepared the address to the Canadian Conference. This he read. It was adopted and ordered to be printed. Rev. T. Hillman read the address to the English Conference which he had prepared. This also was adopted, and ordered to be printed. Rev. J. Thorne presented the report of the Trust ' Debts Relief Fund. He explained that, owing to ' certain$rircumstances, he had not yet been able to complete his report. The report was adopted, sub ject to ita ueing cumpieteu, unu ordered io 06 entered in its proper place among the records of the Conference. The details of receipts and disbursements, as well as the balance-sheet of the various Connexional funds, were submitted by Mr. Stoyel and passed. The following committees and officers were an pointed tor the ensuing year :— Stationing Committee.— The ex- President, the Secretary, the Superintendents of Districts,!. HD1 man, R. Lang, T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, and O. Lake. General Committee.— The ex- President, the Secre tary, J. Way, J. Hancock, J. Trewin, J. Rowe, W. Richards, J. Thorne, J. U. Ashton, T. Hillman, J. Ashton, W. Holland, C. H. Haggar, Ph.D., T. Richards, and R. Kelley. Trust Debts Relief Committee.— The same as tbe ? General Committee. Missionary Secretary, J. Thorne; Editor, T. Piper; Book Steward, C. H. Haggar; General Chapel Secretary, W. Richards; General School Secretary. J. Raymont; General Treasurer, J. Ptoyel ; Secretary of Trust Debts Relief Fund, J. Thorne ; Treasurer, Hon. Dr. Campbell. Examiners.- -In Watson's Institutes and Way land's Moral Science, T. E. Keen ; in English Literature and Logic, J. Raymont ; in English Bible and the Sacraments, O. Lake ; in Homiletics and Church History, T. McNeil ; in English History and Church Polity, J. Thorne ; in Hebrew Bible and Greek Testament, Dr. Haggar ; in McCosh's ' Moral Government of God' and Psychology, W. Richards. Mr. Richards presented the report of the Minis* ters' Annuitant Fund, which was adopted ; and Mr. Richards and Mr. Lang were reappointed Treasurer and Secretary. Rev. James Rowe (the ex-President) was formally appointed to act for the Presidtnt in his absence from the colony. The President laid before Conference a pro. posal from an evangelical and temperance advocate in England to come and labour in this colony. He said the gentleman referred to had for many years been most successful in England in his evangelistic and temperance efforts. Several members of Con ference stated ' that they know this gentleman, and testified to his great usefulness in Eng land. The following resolution was tAiani mously adopted :— 'That we cordially invite Brother R. Ccad to come and labour in this | colony as an evangelist and temperance ad vocate. We feel the more free to do this as we understand from Brother Bowrne that he does not require us to enter into any financial engagements ; but if he ivill come we will support him by all means in our power, and engage to do all we can to make his meetings successful1' The Revs. J. Stoyel, J. Harcock, Dr. Haggar, and Messrs. B. Gould, J. Ashton, and W. Long were appointed members of the Union College Council for the ensuing year. The Conference held a short session to allow the members the opportunity of relating their Christian experience, and the following resolution was adopted in relation thereto :— ' That the members of this Conference desire to place on record their unabated confidence in God as their Heavenly Father, and in Christ as their Saviour, and in the Holy Ghost as their sanctifier; in their true love and sympathy they have for each other as ChriBtian ministers and laymen ; and their desire and deter ruination to devote themselves to the great work of preaching Christ's gospel and extending His kingdom. '* It was directed that the course of studies foT candidates and probationers, and rules for examina tion, be reprinted with the minutes of Conference, ' The question of a contribution to the funds of Union College was discussed, and referred to the General Committee. It was resolved—' That our most cordial thanka be presented to Brother Bourne for presiding over the proceedings of this Conference ; for the ability andjudgment he has brought to bear upon every subject discussed ; and for the spirit of love and of a sound mind which he has sought to infuse into all present.' The thanks of the Conference were also presented to the Secretaries and to the friends who had very hospitably entertained the members during tho sessions. The Doxology was sung and prayer offered by the President, and the Conference closed at 2 p.m. 