PAN. (" From Chambers' Joorkai.") ' Yes ; I do wish old Mark Waterman was back again,' said Jack Andrews, one morning as he stood, palette on thumb and brush in hand, before an unfinished picture that promised, if not to be famous, at any rate to be wonderful. « It's queer ; bnt I do. Not that Pd let him know it ! That would never do. Vanity's not a thing to be encouraged. There — I flatter myself that picture will do pretty considerably ; there's genius there, as well as burnt umber. Halloa 1 The young man in the ragged velveteen jacket, with the rough head, unshorn face, and wooden pipe, turned round so suddenly at the sound of a footstep behiud him as nearly to overturn hie easel. Ae it was, he had to drop brush and palette on the half-inch of dust that hid the floor of the small and chaotic studio, in order to hold out both handB to another young man who strode in without knocking. 'Why — Mark, old boy ! — Hurrah ! I was just saying to myself — no, I wasn't, I was just thinking — I hope you've brought your own bird's-eye 1 I can offer you an empty pipe and the relics of a chair, so sit down and make yourself at home.' ' Considering I am at home, £ will, Jack. And how are you getting on 1 You're on a new thing I see.' Mark Waterman was not like his friend Jack Andrews. Friendship is a case of harmonies — not of unisons. Jack was a rough-and-tumbled little man, whose growth had run to breadth and thickness with a round, twinkling, comically ugly face and stumpy hands, all of which might have been, and certainly should have been cleaner, and a most extraor dinary head of hair— extraordinary in this that every hair of it seemed to possess an individuality of its own, by standing not separately on end, to express hatred and defiance of its companions. Mark, on the other hand, carried bnt few signs of that province of onter Bohemia to which both his home and his friend unquestionably belonged. He was at the first sight a man, and at the second a gentleman ; by using which word of him I do not mean that Jack was otherwise, or that there are no gentlemen in Bohemia, but simply that he looked what thonsands are in spite of seeming. He needed no eccen- triftitipjs rtf acnorf. and nsfld none, to SlVfi him distinction. His features, without being conspicuously labelled handsome, were marked by the better qualities of strength and energy ; his gray eyes were grave and kind, and his full moustache and thick brown beard seemed to cover like promises, unless the all-important lips strangely contradicted the eyes. The touch of humour in hie smile when his friend welcomed him with the sudden withdrawal of a first impulse to grasp both bis bands did not contradict his general gravity of expression ; and there was yet a third look on his face — a pre occupied expression : one of mingled pride and despondency without weak ness ; a subtle combination, and hard to describe. 'Yes,' said Jack, 'I'm ou a new thing. And it's one of two — it's one of two. — it's either infernally bad, or infernally good. I'm ratber inclined to think it's infernally good ; bnt if I'm wrong, it's nothing betweeD. What do you Bay — my uncle's, or the line 1 ' If it's good, your uncle's ; if it's bad, the line. But what's it all about, Jack ! It looks to me like an experiment with a syriDge.' 'Well you are dull. Do you mean to say yon can't tell V Dull? You're right enough there. Treat me accordingly. Fancy .me an K. A. What is it !' 'Pan!' ' Pan V ' Of course ! Pan.1 ' I don't see him. Jack Where are his pipe, and bis hoofs, and his horns, and the rest of it 1 Where, in short, is Pan V ' Well ; of all the — and I thought you were a poet, if you weren't a painter ! Of course you don't see Pan. That's only a subject — a detail. One must leave something to the imagination, don't yon know. There'd be no occasion to call it Pan, if Pan were bodily in the picture. That's Dart of the idea. It's where he's in love with Echo, don't yon know, after she's turned to a 60und — vox et praeterea nihil. That's my picture. You don't see Pan, because he's understood, and you don't see Echo, because she's invisible by nature. But you see the bulrushes aDd you 6ee the wind. Wh— e — ew Doesn't it seem to whistle through your bones 1' ' So — those are bulrushes ! X thought they were area- railings." 'Bather ! But there — I've had enough of it to-day. How've you been getting on 1 Sold anything ! Been paid any thing ! Say yes — for, hang me, Mark, if yon haven't, the wind will have to whistle throngh my bones, for want of flesh to whistle throngh. Yes, Mark ; you're Mother Hubbard, and Fm the dog. The cupboard's bare. Have you found anything Y Well — yes, Jack.' ' Hurrah ! Landscape-painting for ever !' ' Wait a bit, before yon say hnrrah. I went out poor, and I come back — no, not: poorer ! I won't mind you're calling me a fool. I'm — engaged.' 'What — to paint a dozen pictures for a duke — for a dealer! To 'To be married, Jack. To the best girl in the world.' ' Oh !' Every twinkle went ont of Jack's face. ' Never mind, old fellow. It's the beer thing that conld happen. I've got to work for Nelly for her, now ; not for myself any more.' 'Money!' growled Jack, savagely ; taking up his palette again, and recklessly dashing in another gast of white wind over the area railings. 'Not a penny.' Jack Andrews faced round again. ' Mark Waterman,' he said, with stern solemnity, ' of all the fools in all creation, you're the — best of them. No ; I don't congra'nlate yon. It's bad enough to marry. Bat if you'd married for money, I'd — I'd have kicked .you out of the studio, though it's your own, and you're the bigger mar. You've got a shilling, I suppose! Come along, then. XBuppase Iv'e lost a friend, bnt never mind, old boy — you didn't invent women. Let's drink, anybow. I did'ot invent drink. So it comes square.' ' -Ta-k ! Who— what's that! L'«t»n 1 TJwy were already tearing tfce which was among the very attics, by the way — when Mark Waterman suddenly stood still, as if spell-bound. From immediately below them, and throngh the open door, flowed up the aound of a voice in song — the richest, most divine contralto into which the sonl of music could ever have been breathed. No wonder that any man with the poorest ghost of a soul in him should be caught as by a sudden charm. It was not in the music, bnt in the voice of the singer that the wonderful magic lay. There are voices that can transmute the veriest dross of music into pure gold ; and this was one of them. And to be heard here, in this poor Bohemian corner, was as if the golden sunshine had been turned into sound. Mark Waterman who was country bred, felt for the moment as men feel when they catch the scent of lilac in the air, is the first days of soring. 'Oh, never mind that,' said Jack Andrews, impatiently. ' I expect it's a young woman ; nothing more. Yes — she sings every day ; confound her 1' ' It's a wonderful voice 1' ' So much the better for her. It's not for nothing that fortune ends in tone. £ wish it began in paint And as he spoke, tragedy, in the shape of a frown, entered the comedy of his face, and his voice took a deeper growL The voice was a wonder. Bat it was nothing to the fact that Mark Waterman was really engaged, he of all men ; and w xveiiy Vincent, oi an women in uie world. He was a printer, and a better printer than his incongrnons friend and comrade, Jack Andrews, thongh he looked less like one. At any rate, though at the age of thirty he might not deserve the success that he certainly did not ob tain, he was an artist in mind and sonl. He was a professed worshipper of beanty wherever it is to be found apart from women ; bnt — because he was a painter — in mnsic, beyond all other things. People always keep the deepest corners of their hearts for the art that is not their own ; for fear they shonld tnrn into monomaniacs, I suppose. As to what is supposed to follow from beauty — love — he had been Baved from any but the most light and easy touches of that, by the possession of an ideal. He had never — like the man in the song — doubted what sort of creature his queen was to De j out ne was a great deal ieBS sure that her coming was inevitable. With imaginary chalks and colours he bad painted a portrait on the canvas of the air, as the type of the Helen for whose sake alone he would connt the world well lost— not much of a loss indeed as yet, but even a penniless painter in a London attic has a world to lose, thongh it consists bnt of an easel, a few unsaleable pictures, one pipe one comrade, a thousand hopes, and ten thousand despairs. Once Jack Andrews had fonnd, in the studio which he shared at less than a pepper-corn rent — for Mark never took money from his friends any more than from his enemies the dealers, and Jack never had any to be taken — the half-painted head of a woman, whom he conld not indentify with any professional model of his acquaintance, and which therefore puzzled him. It mnst have belonged to a royal full -length, indeed witb its con tour of Jnno, its Titianesque glory of sombre hair, its large calm brown eyes, and the Hps that looked fashioned for the grander and deeper part of the song. Bat the miracle was a reality. Mark, as a professional landscape-painter — that ideal face was bis solitary slip into portraiture — had one summer made a tour afoot, in the quiet country round Gressford. There, in one of the balf- ad venturous chance encoanters to which foot travellers are subject, be had made the acquaintance of the Vincents. Mr Vincent, as the chief brewer in that country, was a very great man ont of doors ; at home, he was a sort of pasha. He was exceptionally blessed in the absolute obedience of a wife, six daughters, and a niece. The six daughters were heiresses ; all were charming girls, and four of them were engaged. There were still two to spare, and Mark Waterman, the slave of an ideal Helen, within one month of his nrst acquaintance tound nimseu in love with the niece, Nelly. And even he, in the midst of the rose-light of that first discovery, conld only ask why ! 'Wiiy,' indeed! Sbe was no more like his ideal than a leaf is like a flower, thongh both may grow from the . heart of the same tree. She was small and sot beautiful, without even the charming piquancy that more than outbalances beanly in such matters. I "doubt If any body had ever called her nice-looking. Sbe had the common prettiness of yonth indeed, and the less common grace of gentle ways and kind eyes, bnt there sbe seemed to end. Even in details she was not Mark's Helen. Her hair had not the sombre glory of Titian, nor her colonr the morning sunlight of Guido. Her bearing was the quiet of shrinking shyness, instead of royal dignity. She did not pretend to be clever, and had bnt little to say. She conld not help suggesting the idea, not of a goddess, but of a little human mouse which might be tamed even to eat off one's finger, bnt conld never cease to be timid and shy. Last contrast of all, she could no .taore sing than a mouse. Mark had never heard her try even to hu<n a tune. Bat if their love-story seemed wonder ful to Mark, what did it not seem to ber ! Quiet Gressford lay beside its river, in a sort of chronic, doll wonder that the ripples should run by it in ench perpetnal harry to get from nowhere to nowhere. Even eo Nelly Vincent looked ont from the narrow windows of her wisdom, over the intensely exciting life — such it was to her— of doll Gressford, and took for granted that life contained a great deal of interest — for others. Nothing of t hat sort ever came to her, or was likely to come. Why should it, indeed ! She was no Cinderella, pining among the ashes, and filled with unattainable longings for dances at Gressford, and for princes, in the shape of yonng lawyers and bank clerks, for partners. They were ber cousin's property, by right of wealth and. beanty ; discontent in ber Case would bave been envy. I am half ashamed to say it, but she was not no- happy, thongh dependent, even for her livelihood, on kindneBB, which even to a tnonse of any spirit is supposed to be the sorest of trials. I fear ahewaspoor- epirited enough to like fo think that nenple were kind to iler, and to foel that iter dependence on faer tmrie'n totnfljr wee proof positive that there are good- and warm hearts in the world. So she waited — for nothing ; finding plenty of daily occupation in smoothing the smaller wheels of life for her cousins to roll npon, and finding ber reward. Bnt all things come to those who know how to wait ; and one fine Angnst day came the change. The wandering printer from far-off Bohemia, whom chance made a guest at Gressford for awhile, did not, as was natural, fall in love with one of her rich and pretty cousins, but with her. The few summer days tbat followed were a poem of a quiet heart trembling into life ; it was summer in Gressford, bnt lilac-time with Nelly. It was wonderful ; she could hardly believe her own heart, even when it told her so plainly. But when Mark came down again to Gressford, and told her so with his own lips, then she believed — I was almost about to say, as woman never believed man before. Nelly, at least, thought so. Now it is all very well for a man to follow his own heart, let it lead him where it may. But he cannot expect all the world to follow him, as in the goose- chase of the story, where Dnmmeling carried the golden goose and was run after by all who saw it, in spite of them selves, till he made the king's daughter laugh and eo won ber. Nelly, in Mark, saw her own and the whole world's hero. Her uncle, the brewer, saw a poor painter, with threadbare coat and empty pockets, who had made a little mistake in mailing love io me oniy giri iu roe house who was not able to fill them. Naturally, he was angry. He was fond of Nelly ; and was not willing to throw her away on a Bohemian adventurer. But Nelly had been firm, as firm as only those quiet little women can be. Sbe knew well enough that if Mark had made any mistake at all, it was in think ing her worthy of him. Once, even, she summoned up courage enough to blush and tell him so. ' How can you care about a girl like me, poor, stupid, plain, who can do nothing at all to help you !' ' Not help me, Nelly ! Can't yon love me I' ' That isn't helping yon Mark. . That's dragging you down. It's half wickei of me to — to let you love me ! Oh, if I could only do something in the world ! Tell me what I can do.' ' Well, of all the forgiving souls — IaBk yon to be a poor man wife ; to give np everybody who has been kind to you ; to leave nome ana comiorc ana more, and all you could ever look for ; and you say you are dragging down me! Don't yon know yon are giving np every thing for me !' 'Everything's nothing 1 Tell me, what can I do !' ' Only wait, Nelly. Wait a year. Your uncle won't refuse you to rae then.' Why should a woman's first great joy for ever mean a woman's first great sorrow ?' For him to work, and for her to wait — it was worse than weeping. Bat she did wait ; and the months passed, and. letters came. At first they were as brave as her part ing words had been, when he kissed her and said good-bye. Then, little by little, she read between the lines how courage was turning into the recklessness of a battle, first doubtfol, then desperate. Work as he would, and he did work, starve as he might, and he did starve (she knew it without his telling), that first success, which is the only hard one, always seemed farther and farther away. By-aod-by the letters became shorter, then fewer. Then they ceased for a while ; and then, at last, came one which though as loving as ever, was written in so changed a tone that Nelly, whose heart was quicker, than her brain, conld read in it nothing bat defeat from which hope was gone, without even enongb courage left to tell her so. ' He is killing himself for me,' thongbt poor Nelly. ' What in the world can I do !' It was at this last ebb of fortune tbat Mark Waterman come back from Paris to bis London attic, and for the first time told bis unprofitable tenant, Jack Andrews, that he was engaged. He was not a man to talk abont such things, far less to write of them, to anv man : his love for Nelly was so strange and un characteristic of him that he conld not account for it even to himself; nay, conld hardly altogether realise it at times, Mark Waterman the painter, Mark Water man, Nelly's lover, seemed to be two dis tinct people only accidentally combined. Whenever he thought of Nelly he could forget his work ; but when he was plungedheart deep into one of his pictures — well, he conld forget Nelly. She never went ont of his hearty but she did at times slip ont of his brain when it was very frill. The morning after hiB return from Paris be received a letter from Nelly, who was still writing at Gressford. Hers were always pleasant and loving letters, with bright touches here and there, not to be expected from her conversation. Above all things, they were pathetic for the utter trust and belief in him that filled every line, and gave an intenser meaning even to her commonest words. He had just finished reading his last letter, when Jack Andrews lounged in, with an extra look of civil war in his head of hair. It always looked most combative in the morning ; from which it was surmised by some tbat even he, great geoias as he was, was not exempt from the universal law that leads little men to make use of the toilette as a means of looking taller than Nature made them. ' Now for another go in at Pan,' he arid, defiantly, ss he filled faia pipe lazily. ' What are yon patting on the stocks ! By the great god Pan himself, I wish I had balf-a-crown to pot in 'em. What are you going to do for the line ! Fontainebleau V 'I don't know. One things as good to fail in as another, I suppose. Yob go in for anotiier gust of wind ; I'll look on.' ' Did I dream somebody said yester day, ' Fve got to work .for Nelly !' Come, drink some beer, take off your coat, and begin.' 'Jack, you and I are old friends I talked big last night, bnt it's easy talk ing. I've been , talking to myself, jnst like that, for the whole year I bavn't seen yon. . No, I'll look on. I feel like' giving in.' 'Hollo!' 'Yes, If it wasn't for Nelly, poor girl, whose life I'm spoiling . as hard as I can, Fd throw up the whole thing, and break glenee, w wmefting pf that kind. Fm pretty strong witb my armB. I've half a mind to do it now. Love in a cottage ib better than love in an attic ; and Nelly doesn't care mnch abont art, poor girl They don't see pictures down at Gress ford — nothing bnt nature.1 'Happy mortals 3' ' And £ don't know, I talk of working, bnt my hand doesn't seem to follow my head, now. Working's no good without hoping. I think I conld do something still if I bad an idea. It's the fancy that's gone, and without that I'm no- where.' ' High-flown bosh. Wait till it comes back again, and fill up with pot-boilers. Ideas indeed 1 Why they're lying all abont this very room. Take any one yon please; No landscapes of course — chim ney pots aren't suggestive, at least to my mind ; but I know yon did a head once, and yon can do it agafo. There's Ophe lia, there's Tit&nia;, there's Lady Godiva, there's Mary Qneen of Scots — all my own ideas, and all good ones, and yonr wel come to the best of them. Confound it all 1' There's that singing woman at it again !' And, as he spoke, the same wonderful voice of yesterday rose np through the floor. The same voice sounds differently to different ears. However it might be with Jack Andrewe, to Mark this divine con tralto, rendered more divine by mystery, came like the gradual unveiling of a thousand secret things. He sat, and smoked, and listened, in a dream whence the twin nightmares or poverty ana love without fruit or blossom gradually faded away. He began to understand the history of David playing before Saul. She — for the voice, though as invisible as Echo herself, mast be personified — was aiuging ' Che farb,' as be bad never dreamed of bearing it sung, and filling every note of it with a fresh sonl . Jack Andrews was still dashing in winds and rashes, growling the while half audibly ; but Mark was not aware of his presence, so entranced was he in the clear, deep river of song that was rolling throngh and over him. The song ended, all too soon ; bnt it began again. Gradually — for he was a painter, who must needs transform all things into form — the song took shape in the eyes of his mind. What voice indeed, even to thoBe of ns who are not painters, does not suggest its own fitting ontward form ! He saw the statue of Juno changed into life, breath, end colour, with a Titian's glory of sombre hair, large, calm, brown eyes, full of fire too deep to name, and a mouth as sweet as it was royal — in one word, the very Helen of his old dreams. He knew her at once. ' Who is she, in Heaven's name V he asked, as the song, at last, came to an end. ' That's what the sultan used to say— Who is she ?' — wheu he heard of any mischief done. I shall indict ber for a nuisance.' ' But who — ' ' How the dence should I know ! Am I the Post-office Directory !' Bnt he growled in such a way that Mark, who knew his friend pretty well by this time, felt sure that if he did not know he cared. The next day Mark Waterman went straight to his easel — he had had no letter from Nelly that morning. And at prec'sely the aame honr, the voice began its mnsic again. And, remember that we are hearing with his ears. We might not tiros have been entranced by tbe music of that voice, though alas for us if we have never been tiros entranced by some other, either in Bpeech or in song. But to-dny he did not merely listen. He painted in tbe midst of a dream of music which to-day was more fully Helen be even thought of it by its ideal name. At first he worked idly and vaguely, as if feeling about among preludes. But twi light came upon faim before he was cons cious that he had worked1 an hour, or that his friend had gone out; or that tbe voice had ceased to sing in any ears but those of his fancy. He had scarcely looked at what bis hand had done during the day. He went ont into the street, feeling as if some great load had been lifted from him. He was as poor, and as far from Nelly as ever ; but he felt as if a gate, in his life had been thrown open, throngh which he had walked ont into the fresh air. It was with a feeling well nigh akin to profanity, that be tried to satisfy his mere cariosity by asking tbe woman of the honse who the lady was that sang there every day, for he soon convinced himself that Jack Andrews really did not know. And the reason was simple enough — nobody knew. A foreign lady who never went out of doors lived as they knew, on the floor below them, and she kept a piano ; but sbe was elderly, and conld not, at her time of life have suddenly developed a voice of each won derfol' beauty. It must be the younger lady, dressed in black and always closely veiled, who — so he learned — came and went every day at certain regnlar hours. One day he thought of trying to pass her on the stairs as she went np or down. Bat he dismissed that plan as soon as it was formed. He had had enough of as sociating snch a vnlgar thing as curiosity with tbe idea of Helen. Might not her charm depend, like that of nymphs and fairies, upon her very mystery ! So he satisfied himself with this voice in the air and worked on with a will. In some subtle fashion it seemed to him now as if he were hardly conscious of his work, bnt as if his hands went of themselves, without help of bis brrin. It was the same story day after day and while tbe days were lengthening ont once more into Angnst, the hours of daylight seemed to grow shorter and fewer. He saw wonderfnlly little of Jack Andrews now ; that eccentric genius, having finished — as he called it — his own picture, was no donbt taking a holiday. Bt Mark missed neither him nor nobody. : The song came to him daily ; and, daring the hours of its silence, left the vision of Helen with him. Meanwhile, how did he live ! How do fanndreds of men live every.day, with out money, wi'hout credit, and yet with out dishonour ! Bnt they do — and it is ! nseleBB to ask of them, for they never know themselves. Some of them, it is true and those not always the worst, do liter ally starve. All starve comparatively — not only witb bodily famine, bnt witb art-hanger, or love-hunger, or some other terrible' form in which the fiunine-- fiend knows how to appear. There are men -who live thus all their .Uvea, and yet fife (it ft good old Kge-owd who feojoj their starvation as a few of ns. manage to enjoy feasting, and with less repentance. Mark was very far indeed from being one of these hardened Bohemians, bnt he was compelled to live like them ; that is to say, withoat knowing how. And, if at tbat moment someone had said to him, throw down your palette and be rich, he would assuredly have answered No, had it not been for Nelly in Gressford, who- was writing for him. So the days ond the weeks passed on in miseiy and joy. At last, one afternoon when the day's song was over, bnt its in fluence still upon him — it was an every day story now, and he never gave it a single conscious thought — Jack Andrews came in, for a wonder, and, for another wonder, not alone. Mark looked np, not over-conrteously ; for his work was not to be interrupted lightly. He was just giving it the last touches of snch an ap proach to perfection as he conld dare to think of ; and that was the moment to be least interrupted of riL But the stranger took the want of courtesy very indiffe rently. Perhaps, he was used to painters' oddities. Jack Andrews introduced him in aD elaborately inaudible growl, stood with him for a silent ten minutes beside the painter and before the picture, and then went off with bim. That evening he received this letter : Dear Sib, — I will give you five hundred pounds for your Helen ; on con dition that yon paint a companion picture, for which 1 will give the same sum. Youra faithfully, - Deresfield.' His heart gave a bound. Lord Deres field was a peer, less noted even as a great picture-buyer than for laconics and libe rality. A last his time had come 1 Nelly Yincent, (bough all the way off at Gress ford, was very near him now So I've got to tbauk yon for this, Jack ! ' he said, with all hie gloom and his fever gone out of him, and only the bright smile left that Nellyhad seen a year ago How in tbe world did you manage to get bold of old Deresfield ! ' ' Hem ! Well, the fact is, I don't think much of old Deresfield. By some hook or crook, or something of that sort, I got him to see Pan. Well, he didn't speak he never does, you know ; bnt he turnet I up his nose — he can do tbat uncommonly well However, J said I knew of a pretty good picture he might like ; I said it was a work of genius by way of a puff ; so he nodded, somehow managed to find wordB enough to make an appointment, and came; The rest's his own affair. Voilk tout.' ' No, you don't take me io like that, old fellow. I know you — you've just been moving heaven and earth for three weeks to make Lord Deresfield look at my picture. Tbauk you, Jack. Of course, you'll tiy to knock me down if I say more. What do you think of her, after all ! ' ' Of the Helen i Ob, glor she'll wash, I mean, And what's to follow ! 1 ' I must writ and hear.' So his time had come — at last ! He was already rich ; and with Lord Deres- field's name at his back, fame was within reach and happiness in his hands. He looked at his Helen once more, with new eyes. Conld it be really the work of genius for which those who knew best already accepted it! He looked at it impartially, for indeed he conld not re cognise the work of his own hands. It had been breathed into him ; it was as if he bad been veritably aDd literally in spired. Conld he ever repeat ench a picture ? Could it ever be suog into him or ont of him again ! The voice had not yet began tbat morn ing. Silence made him think ; and be could not but recngni-»the influence under wbicb he had produced the Helen. Ite divine music had gone straight, to his soul, and given its best part to the outer air. Was it possible that otbets heard that voice as well as he, or was it merely a fancy of his owd. But no — that was impossible; even matter-of-fact Jack Andrews seemed to have been moved by it iu bis own fjsbion. How was it tbat he conld not hear it to-day 1 He could not yet begin to think over his own picture. He took out a sheet of paper to write the good news to Nelly ; but be conld not write a word. He had never felt in so - strange a mood before. F t weeks of work he had never missed the voice for an instant, even during its diily bours of silenc - ; but here was total slience, just on the day of coming victory ; and tbe triumph had lost its savour. He had conquered — for Nelly ; and he could not even tell her the good news, because an unknown woman, whom he had never seen but as an imaginary Helen, had for once forgotten to sing. What could it mean ! Was there such a thing as witch craft after all, and was he tbe victim of a voice and a charm ! He conld settle to nothing, and think of nothing; he "conld only feel that the voice of Helen was not in bis ears. 'Jack,' he said abruptly, when his friend returned and fonnd him paring the studio in the twilight; ' I am a scoun drel.' ' Tbe deuce you aro ! What have you been doing now ! ' 'What havs I been doing! What shonld you say of a man who made a good, innocent girl love him, who divided her from her home for his sake and from all who loved her, who rained her fntnre, who made ber wait for him when be ought to bave given np all for her, and who tbea — then when tbe time of waiting was over and he conld take ber to him, was false to her — false at the fleet sound of the voice of a stranger ; if you don't call him a scoundrel——' ' ' Who said I didn't call him one ! I do. Who is he ! ' ' I told you. L ' You ! Nonsense, you've been selling a picture. That's enough to turn any man's brain, I've had mine half turned before now, with only managing to spont one. Any more ! ' ' J ck, yon understand me we'l enongb. Don't j ke, fo- Heaven's sake. I love Nelly as mnch as I ever loved her.' ' It's all right, then ! Then marry her.' ' But — well, there's no better way to say it — I love another woman with all my soul.' Many, ber, then. You can't mirry both in this country, that's clear. Does the other woman — 'Did -I say woman ! It may be. But I only know it's a voice, Jack.1 'Avoice! The voice! By tbe horns of the great good Pan, Echo herself 1 ' . It was not. only for today that the voice was silent, The next day, and the next, and the next, it was still unheard. . That voice, now inextricably blent wi'h thb flrien of his fancy, haunted hira with lunging, and it Lad passed away from hi? life just when he bad discovered that to make poor, patient Nelly his wife now would be a wbrse sin than having been untrue to her. All this he now realised bitterly. He dared not regret that the disappearance of the singer had prevented his winning the fruits of his treason ; it was only -right that he should do life-long lenance for. the wrong he had done to ! Jelly. He did hot even try to forgive oir excuse himself, when at last, ont of otter, unconquerable heart-hanger, he did what most men would have done long sooner, aud Bet to work to identify his Helen with some living woman. Bnt nobody conld tell him anything. The singer was but a veiled stranger to the people of the honse, and the foreign lady in whose room she sang had gone abroad on the first day of silence. And so, with the premature, but not for that the less utter despair of a yonng man with an artist's temper, he felt that an unheard- of doom was upon him for the rest of his days, to remain bonnd in honour to a girl who loved him with all her heart, while he loved a mere vanished voice, a lost echo, with ail Ms soul. \- It was marvellously like witchcraft, in deed. Bnt who can doubt the power of a voice to bewitchaman lit has been Baid that the voice is the sonl ; and if so, there mast needs be more power in it than in all colour and form, even than in eyes, which are after all bnt the soul's windows. No, he could not write to Nelly with this witchcraft npon him. Diib surety aucu a voice as suae uusi> be heard somewhere in the world, Itcould not have been wasted for a short season Upon an attic in Bohemia. He no longer tried to work, for his inspiration was gone and had leftonly reaction ; bnt he hannted every place, from the highesttotbe lowest, where voices are to be beard. It was all in vain. His Helem was embodied neither in opera prima douna nor in music-hall star. It was half a relief to hope and to lose again ; after all, he had shuddered at times to think of who ehe might be to whom tbe voice belonged, and whom he wonid needs have to follow to the ends of the world. He might not beallhiBConsriencecalled him, hot he had assuredly become false to a real woman for the sake of a dream. He never thought of Helen, but he recalled his own parting words a year, ago : ' If I don't live for you, and work for you, and win for yon, I'm the greatest scoundrel ever born.' He had always half wondered at his love for poor Nelly Vincent, and if he could only make her unlove him — but he knew that could never be. She would never believe Mm, he knew, if he called himself scoundrel to her face a thousand times over. He must give her up, rain ber life and break her heart, or marry her without love and break her heart no less : which was the most merciful way of breaking a heart, tbe swift or the slow 1 I see there's a new woman going to set the Thames oh fire,' said Jack Andrews. ' £ suppose that'll interest yon,' emphasising ' that ' with a virions splash of colour on his canvas, as if to say that his friend was lost to art, aud could now be only interested in barrel- organ tunes, concert songs, and such like things. ' There generally is,' srid Mark care lessly. ' Bnt the Thames seems fireproof, so far.' ' What you don't even care for that now ! I don't know what's come to yon. Well, I suppose its hard to work or care much for anything, when one's got one five hundred pounds and can get another when it's gone.' ' No, I hate it alL I've heard enough mnsic to last me my time.' ' I should think so. That woman, who would sing ' Che faro' right nnder my very toes, while I was working, was enough for me. Thank tbe gods, she's gone. However, I'm glad the voice- fever's gone ont of yon. That Was an oucommonly bad time for me.' ' Well consider me clothed and in my right mind.' ' Pan in boots, in fact. However, we're bat inconsistent creatures, we | mortals, saving your ex-godship. 1 hate and abhor mnsic ; but 1 want yon to bear tills young woman, to oblige a friend of mine. You've been seen abont eiuging places, and talking to old Deres field, and that's enough to dab a man critic. It's all right, I suppose. Most thiDgs are. I daresay it's all right that I should go on painting pictures, and sell them to nobody.' ' Anythink but that, Jack. Ask me anything bnt that, I mean.' ' Yon've made up your mind to drop the shadow for the subatance, then !' ' Yon mean, to marry Nelly Vincent 1 No. I've made up my mind to that, any way. Poor girl.' ' Why ! For loving you ! Now I really should like, for once, to feel the sensation of thinking I conld break a girl's heart by not marrying her. No yon - needn't pnt on airs. I broke a girl's heart once, and another fellow mended it ; in fact, made it better than new. I never called her poor, -though ; I was too poor myself to throw stones. However, as you're not going to marry her, sbe can't be jealons of one voice more. This is a girl that deserves a good turn, I'm told, and you might mention her to Deresfield.' ' Can't I mention her withont hearing her!" ' Of course you can do that; just as I've mentioned her to yon. Of coarse that's easy. Only I haven't said she's good or bad, withont hearing; She may he as bad as the rest of them, for aught I know. Wheu I srid ehe deserves a good tnrn I only say what I'm told.' 1 What makes you so interested, Jack V ' Why shouldn't I be interested in a woman Fve never seen, as well as any other man !' But yon haven't even heard her.1 ' Better . reasons why I should be in terested. Hearing spoils oar illusions — if I kept snch things — which I don't, unless it's thinking yon're a painter spoiled. No ; I don't mean that 'spoiled' is the illusion. I mean ' painter.' Fve promised to let you hoar her, yon see ; and I don't want to be forsworn. To morrow, in revenge, you shall take me even to — the opera.' tt was true, withoat a shadow of affec tation, that Mark -conld hardly bear to let himself be prevailed upon to hear a voice iu song again. The fit of inspiration over, he forced himself to remember that, after all, he was a man, and as snch was bonnd In face the worst unflinchingly, and to deride, once for all, whether , he was .the victim of a passing fever of fancy, nuch as < the white heat of an artist's work may ! well bring with it, or of a settled mono:- , mania. .Ho examined biqigrif, and found the question immaterial to Ma life's true iesue; Whichever way he might deride it, he was Nelly's lover no more. . The voice had taught him tbat it was not Ms true whole self he had given or conld give to Nelly ; and he could only tMnk now of his duty to her. He would seek for the owner of the voice no more ; that would be like taking advantage of his wrong, and thus make him guilty of double treason. Bnt that alone wonld not save Nelly from a heart-break ; for Ms faith in her love and frith was only made more intense by hiB bitter know ledge of the vanity of her frith in Ms own. And thns, even while talking coldly and carelessly to his friend, the only end was before his face au the while. Death does not break hearts ; and better death than dishonour. \- I hardly care to speak more plainly. But when a man, otherwise sane, is haunted all day long by snch a madman's vision as an incarnate voice, when hefeele it making Mm every moment falser to his own manhood, and to the womanhood of her for whom he has sworn to live ; when his life means, in bis sight, an endless desert of wasted love for hers, and his death nothing more than a regret and a sorrow to be cared by time— how is it possible for one who carries in Mm a falter share than common of the punter's paganism, the worship of ideal beauty, to think otherwise than longingly npnn escape and rest under earth or wrier! He did not put the desire even into mental words ; but more than the mere desire was there. What mattered it what became of his own despicable soul I He conld imagine no more terrible eternity than being voice-haunted for ever ; he knew the worst, aud could not bring bim self to imagine mire. Aud Nelly w-mM know him to be dead, and nev.T ko >« Mm to be false ; and death do -s " > break hearts, he thought over agiin. To play with snch thoughts i-> n perilous — it is fatal. He knew, without telling himself so, that this was to be Ms last day alive in the world. ' If I am mad,' he thought, ' there is no sin ; if I am not mad, I must tbiuk of Nelly.' Desire will always lead an army of reasons. And there are many ways of slippiog out of life decently, as all but the extremest madmen know, eo that design may be made to look like accident and art like nature. Such moods are invariably passive. It becomes immaterial, in what one feels to ' be one's last -hours, whether one does this or that, goes here or there. What would it matter, after all, if he heard one song less or more 1 It would not prevent his sending Helen's voice ont of the world in company with his soul. So he let his friend lead him that evening where he pleased, protesting no more, He was even deliberately passive. He asked no questions, and well-nigh made a point of not observing the street or the honse whither he was being led — amorally blind man. Presently he found himself jnst within the door ofan ordinary draw ing room, unlighted except by summer twilight, and with .the windows open. Abont half-a-dozen pebple were in the room. Jack Andrews and he did not enter farther at first, because a young lady was standing at the piano to sing, and the prelnde had already begun. 'Che faro senzt Enridice !' Her back was towards the door— bnt what need was there to see a face he had never seen ! Tbe divine voice had come back to bim ; with his living ears he was listen ing to that, and no other ; he was look ing on the Helen of his dreams with Ms living eyes. What conld it mean — dis- illnsion, or tenfold despair ! He was half driven to escape ; but the mnsic held him there. Perhaps the voice was sent back to Mm in mercy, that he might not die sane. The last note died away, and the singer turned slowly rouud. Sbe was, and she was not, Helen. There was the qneenly look ; but it came from conscious triumph, and not from statuesque stature or repose. There was the beanty, too ; but it was of light and life, colonr and breath — the voice iodee-i was Helen, but the lips and the eyes Had he gone mad, indeed 1 Nelly was not beautiful, Nelly could notsin.', Nelly was at Gressford — and this was she ! A madman's freuzj — be was right ; he was not to die sane. And yet, how could he doubt when he caught her old shy blush at the sight of him, and saw the look of triumph turn to the old s weet look in her eyes, and felt her hand in hie with the gentle touch he had not felt for a year ! What conld it mean ! ' Don't forgive me, Mark,' said Nelly's not Helen's voice as they stood together in the deeper twilight on the balcony of that drawing-room in Dreamland. His whole self, and not his voice, questioned her. 'How conld I think,' she answered him, ' how conld I bear it, of your killing yourself, and for me! Ob, Mark, you cannot tell what you bade me do when you told me to wait — to sit with my hands idle and watch you break your strength and your heart before my eyes ! Could I not read your letters — could I not read between the lines ! Conld I live and be a curse to you ! And could I really do nothing, and yet be a fit wife for yon ! I could uot stay at home, Mark. I might find something I could help you by, and bring you nearer to — to having to work aud fight less hard. My uncle let me go. He wanted to keep me, but I disobeyed him, and — and — well, I got my way. Perhaps he thought I might forget you if I found sometMng else to put into my head ; as if putting into one's head is putting into one's heart, Mark ! ' But you did not leave home 1 No ; it is impossible.' ' Yon mean abont my letters !" 'Nelly— if you are Nelly — tell me at once — was it yon I have heard sing ! . 'No, Mark. Tt is not L It. was Mademoiselle SaBL Oh, can you ever forgive me ! I meant it all so for the best, and I have become a living fraud. I began by disobeying you, by not writing— that obliged me to get cousin Kate to forward your letters to me from Gressford, and to send her mine to post to you ; and -then I had to take a false name — they turned me into an Italian. It was Mademoiselle Saffi th-it sane, and I am Mademoiselle Saffi. Oh, you don't know how I have been hating myself for deceiving you, though ' " But the voice ! No ; it is not vonrs. 'Do you— do you dislike it so much ! They say it is a good one. M'ds-ne Casca, whom I used to go and praeti-m with till she .went abroad aii' ». f >nnd it out god matfe -me ring- Don't, dislike my voice too much, Mark ! I am afraid it is me.' ' But the voice must have been there. And if that is you — then — ' He could not end the speech. ' Then I never knew you,' was in his mind ; ' I never loved you ; I never met you till I heard you sing.' Had he iodeed ever met her till now I Ehe was, and she was not the same girl that he had left at Gressford a year ago. And she was, and she -was not, the Helen of whom he had dreamed. She was both at once ; he seemed to see in her at once the soul of Helen and the heart of Nelly. Even while he loved her, he thought her plain ; now he found her beautiful beyond all women — beyond "even the ideal of his dreams, even as the true human must always surpsas the im agined divine. Was the change in her or iu him ! Had Pan found eyes, or Echo taken a form ! . She answered his thoughts rather than his words. . ' Could I sing to you at Gressford,' she said meekly, ' when you : were teaching me ! I had heard no singing but the birds' ; I learned when you came.' And this was the girl to whom he had been false — for false to her he had been, in heart and son!, though it was, by a marvel of Destiny, her own very self for whose sake he had been false to her. She was indeed transformed. All this while, Ms love, false and imperfect as it «ea ksd tiAAfi Atffinff har a RQlll fchftt conld speak as well as hide ; and she un seen, had been sending him ber soul, and inspiring him, and making Mm love her invisible best more clearly, truly, and fully than with the best love he could ererbavefeltforberhad been simply true. VI. men: by moment, ni-ireand inure like liis ideal Helen she grew, till he conld wll-nigh fancy the growth of this little n -rial in o (J ympian Jnno berseifi and see the light deepen and darken in her eyes But her curing glory still meant shame for him. It was she who had been working and living for Mm— not he for her. The little girl whom he had wondered at himself for loving bad become literally the voice of his sonl - Nelly," he said at last, ' yon said jast now, don't forgive me ' . . . . Yon meant I Buppose, for being traer and wiser than I. That is hard for a man 'o forgive in a woman, I know. What shall yon say when you" hear I have not bean true to yon !' ft .ilr 1% a «m«« tti <if 4 & vn4 sd v f itft n didn't know what I should say !' « But if I say it, Nelly !' ' If you do—" He felt her voice trem ble a little. ' Can you begia to lore me— all over again — when I tell you that I have been false ; that I ceased to love you because I began to love yon, and tbat if I conld bave fonnd you I would have left you and followed you all over the world — whoever you were ! And that I had thought — Heaven forgive me ! — of dying rather tbao you should break yonr heart by knowing I loved you !' ' That is beyond me, Mark. I don't understand.' ' I heard yon sing every day when you went to Madame Caeca, -Nelly, your own voice made me forget you. And if it had not been yonrs !' ' Bat you see it was mine,' sbe said, with illogical simplicity. Perish ' ife ' even, if those are the only roughnesses in the roadj. ' Perhaps you would not have likep it so mnch, if — if it had not been mine. ' Ah, if I could only think that I some bow felt it to be your own voice, all the while !' ' And I am so glad you cared for my voice, without knowing it was me ! Now I shan't be so mncb afraid of boring you for I shall sing a great deal, now that I know how.' Is there no end to your forgiveness, Nelly!' ' Forgiveness — forgiveness for loving me less for a little because you found yon loved me more !' Mark answered not a word. Why should he indeed, withoat being more of a madman than be had once thought himself, and more obstinate in htB shame than this most obstinate of girls had been in her self-will ? They were still alone upon tbe balcony, and he drew her closer to him than be had ever done in Ms life before, for be drew ber soul to his own. 'There,' said Jack Andrews. 'There is the picture, Miss Yincent. It still wants the companion, though.' They were standing in the gallery of Lord Deresfield's town honse ; and the sun was shining. Nelly looked at her lover's first victory long and earnestly ; and, she could not herself tell why, tears came into her eyes. ' Who is it V she asked. ' That is a real woman, I am sure.' ' Helen,' answered Mark, with a touch of solemnity. ' She was a real woman once — before Homer. ' Helen !' she asked again, doubtfolly. 'She's right, Mark,' said Jack Andrews. I always told you that's no more like Helen than I am.' And certainly, if he were critically right, no fault conld be found with his comparison. He was not like Helen. ' Why do you call her Helen !' she asked a third time. ' She was the woman I saw when yon. sang.' ' And yet you did not know it was I ! Have I not told yon so !' 'Nobody was ever so beantifnl as that Bat it came by my singing, and you gave it my name 1! Your name, Nelly !' ' Did I never tell you what Nelly is short for! My name is Helen, Mark; didn't yon know ! ' Yoh never used to tell me anything then, Helen ! Aud know ! Shall I ever know! Shall I ever know yon! Bat, like yon or not, that is yonr picture— the very picture of your voice, your sonl. That is as I always eee you now — Helen! My dream of beauty and my real wife, both in one.' 'Fm thinking abont that companion picture,' eaid Jack Andrews, who had lately developed a most tragical scowl, whenever he did not forget to put it on. ' Look here, Mark ; take my notion of Pan and Echo — the only good notion I ever e-.t — and make it sell. Take it aud welcome — I dont care about the con founded thine. You've only gnt to put in a Pin and an Echo, if you mast have de'aila, njid there, you are.' F" S ; ->ut how is «n« to paint Echo Y L-Td D— tj.fi .-Id didn't order a duplicate, ="»'£ Mi'k. bulking at Helen. 