THE NOVELIST. FORTUNE'S FOOL-' A NOVA: BT JUUAH HAWTHOBBI. 1 PART II.-LUCK. CHAPTER XII. jlttBDOOa VTVUS DI8APPEABS FOB THE PBB BfST, BUT LBAVE8 SOMITHIirO BKHIND HIM : 07 THKATBES AXD THINGS TttEAMUOAJj: JACK BOMS as aib. lock leaned within, the doorwur of the J in aVtate of partial stupor. The result «£»j u« ?»<* of LinaMDectationi, and he was lor some ?TnndMthe impression that the whole IrnloXn hald occurred in his own head, ftffoke blinded him; the breath had ££ Shaken out of his lungs b* the ooncua K>d the spasmodic p>p> ^hereby he strove to ^hnrnt^DOwder. It seemed to him that he JoSSevS feel wmfortabte again. He held Kw in his left hand, with an arrow feed K Btrin?; bat anybody aright have come ind taken his weapons away from him, with St his being able to offer any resistance, and probablywiiSiont his even knowing it But ^SuSfrthe boy's senses came back to him. He passed his hand over his head, and yied to detect any essential alteration in its contour or position. All his limbs seemed whole, and his body much as usual His eveeigU however, was stall in rotherade fective condition; wherever he looked,, he saw a spectral flash, and the ghost of the mat noise surged again through hia nerves. His feeling was that something terribly wicked and nnnatoral bad broken loose, and had committed an intolerable outrage. But before long he recollected that the breaking loose in question was not unconnected with a previous action of his own, and then all the circumstances of the affair recurred to him. He had been attacked-he had been in danger -was he not in danger still? Bracing up |iia faculties, and subduing as well as he cohld the tremors that yet quivered through hfm, he vaited for some sound or sign to inform him of the enemy's whereabouts. He waited in vain. At last he ventured to peep forth ft little; no threatening array of armed men was visible in the ravine; the ooast seenied clear; but the great stone waa gone frbm its place and lay below there, choking 'up the narrow way with its unweildly wit ness. An odd sense of emptiness or vacancy haanted the place when it had been; Jack felt impelled to thrust his bow over the spot, to assure himself that the Witch'* Head was indeed gone. Yes, gone it was; and so vtaa die Suncook brigade. Not a man of them all was visible. Their hearts most .have failed them, and they had taken to flight. Jack generously admitted the probability that in their place he would have dona the same thing. But just as he was beginning to breathe freely once more, and to feel like himself, be heard, quite close at hand, a plaintive, whimpering sound like the crying of a child. He was on his guard at once. It waa not likely that a child would be in the glen at that time of_ night, especially under thsoo peculiar conditions. Children were not gene nlly enlisted in a band of desperate men conspiring to drag their foe into captivity, and probably to bum and torture him. No wis was a treacherous device to lore him from bis stronghold, but Jack was not to be soared in any such obvious way. He refitted hu arrow to the string, and stood on the alert. The crying continued, and certainly it Bounded marvellously childlike. Jaok lis tened critically. There were short sobbings, followed by half-uttered piteous words, ana then an unrestrained outburst of long-dirawn £°t' m the lament went on the ustener, in spite of himself, found his inereduutgr melting aww. and something else was md£ ugateo, with the effect of bringing rrmOa th«Hc tears to his eye*. > T «k£ h® n^" "W4 with hUn .because-ubecanse-" Herobbedlkdi yes with the back of his hand. i Mag nownnable any longer to hold but Vgnat this consummate beguiloment of £. .Q-UbeguUement it we^ackemarjjed fo? the conoealment inmoww SftK? thayayine towards prooeedjd; whenoeth® 1 Andlo! there stood a sm Pfttiwat and em' ? hat on the ~ atWbgtfc -.1 , "Betel" said Jaak. wavlt defineMsposUioQ: * Warn* Are t on sure "Ye-ye-y**; li. "Mright.lheny ym" taidJa fowd ot-viloftraiafiQ 4e#n Irtm JMii'o^ preached,her. Sbei "1 dmknbi rtnshtt.1 * aomenVs T IsiWr lofcfcj ffcor ri kept to herself for the present. She eyed him in silence with a pair of deep black nee, the laahee of which yet glistened with tear-drop*. Her email bosom also heaved now and then, ae with a wave of the late die tor banoe. But mentally ahe had already recovered her composure. Jack, on the other hand, who had never been gazed at in thia manner by one of the opposite aez before, did not feel nearly so much master of the aitaa* tion as while ne was oonsoling feminine dis tress from the month of the cavern. " Yon had better tell me your name," obeerved the black*eyed giil, not in a menacing tone, bat as if suggesting some thing very much to Jack's advantage. Jack modestly and anbmiseively accepted the hint, and mentioned the hnmble word which was responsible for his identity. 1 Bat yon have not told me your family name," said his examiner, shaking her head slowly, with an air of being constrained, against her more indulgent impulses, to ex Sreee her dissatisfaction. " Are yon of gentle irth, little boy ?" The top of her head was on a level with Jade's chin aa ahe attend these words, but Jack felt that her description of him was perfectly justifiable. 8he waa addressing him from an altitude to which he bad never even aspired. He was eo occupied in experiencing this conviction that he quite forgot ahe had expressed her superiority in the form of a question. He stood before her with downcast eyes, fumbling with bis arrow. " Don't you know," she said more affably, "that nobody has only one name exoept kings and queens, and princes -and princesses! You see there is no danger of their beibg mistaken for anybody else. And you are not a king, you know, or a prince. If y name is Uadel leine Vivian. Is not that a magnificent name? You see I don't mind not being a {vincess, for then I should be only Hade* eine." Jack still remained silent, being persuaded that in the presence of so much erudition and digmty it became him not to speak. Per ceiving the impression she had made, Made leine increased her graciousness. . " I don't mind yon at all," she affirmed, tossing back her hair, and Bmiling upon him encouragingly. " I think you are a very nice sort of boy. But I didn't like that fire and earthquake at all. Yon didn't make it, did your " Not exactly," said Jack, distressed at this turn of the conversation. After a moment's hesitation a helpless regard for the truth obliged bim to add, " But I don't suppose it would have happened if it hadn't been for me." "That was very wrong of yon," said Madeleine, after a pause. " It is alwaya wrong to do what I do not like. You won't do it again, will you V There was aa aooent of appeal in the last sentenoe that did something to set Jack at his ease, for it reminded him that this superior person had after all behaved very muchlike a little girl only a few minutes before, and might conceivably do so again. But he hastened to disavow any intention of repeating the late performance, and obeerved that he would not have been guilty of it at all had he known that Madeleine was there. " But I thought it was somebody else," he added. " Oh 1 do you mean an uglv man with black things on the sides of his face, who said be was Murdoch Vivian, and my father? I didn't believe him though." " Where is he!" demanded Jack quickly, grasping his bow. " I think he ran away. He was going in front when the earthquake fell down, and then I didn't Bee him. Something puffed me over, and the brook wet my dseas. I'm glad be is gone; he said we were coming to get a doctor; but doctors don't live In this sort of places in England. Do you live here, " I've got a cave up there," said Jack, in a deprecating tone. "One that you can live in! A robber's caver " No, it isn't a robber's cave," returned Jack, sorry to disappoint her manifeet in terest; " it's only mine. But you can live in it-I can, any way." " You mai show it to me," said Madeleine, with, a condescension that barely veiled her curiosity. "We can pretend it's a robber's «a*e, yon know,and that you are the robber.". "I shouldn't like to be a robber to you. Those robbers that Oil Bias tella about were unkind to women; and I'm sue I never could be unkind to you." . v Oh, well, of course yoa needn't be that " ast be it and eonrteoos. You mu rU Wu yonl Well -&tfhi;»was earring me away, yon Knqw. and that you fggght fnm and stayed him and rtscued me. Thwe were cobber batons who 9ted to do IQulpifc. Than you invited mt ' ' *yon* caviv swiugtbet it iU befiti a f njy^ocmditioORt your-oh, yon d'N }ve,«ny uMtp,«#*p,r. v.i ijcppw; Wa my hand, and «todtn be the disti outfaws.ebe pas*wbeneL let dUnity tM*iw f feed-fit* moonf" " andtsntisDsss. , tly. He ^as. moceovec, touch % the tshange in htef mannsr; "ttttlfeheeould pretend; to * maiden in tike hands!of khepb'bWrtiaiSo playing a y iivtfwhftlnied nitp With attainments.1 It , might [be . »i!aeir :.*#». more like the taeatttre whfrm; leen'etandln* forlo^n in the 'tatf wlfiMwer mt;^(i<e had. ad. Hetook her iijind pio herttpthe MtJe'aseefct to ith excellent dtfw^ce is nMrttt-drfe, isn't It?" said (he j mgon-tbe ehieshold. "It take3 A»4hare»enym<v* ioMsis in*: "Oh. then she to not like me; she Is not beantifttL 'Will she oook oar sapper for ubT " She Isn't here; bat if yon ire hungry, I trill get yon eoine snpper." By this time Jack had conducted his fair gaeet into the cave, and was lighting the "^ell, perhaps jron'd better," said Hade* leine, seating hersdf on the xnattreuof sweet fern, and clasping her hands round her knees. " Of course the robber baron would offer re freshment to the lady. Betides," she added, with a perception of the occasional coin cidence of (he real with the ideal, " I am my self very hungry." If Jack had been older and mote experi enced he might have paused to oongratulate his companion on the faculty of intellectual detachment which her nse of the word "my self" showed. Being only a boy, however, im trained fnhistrionicappreciation.butfally alive to the unpleasantness of hanger, he straight way went to work to get some food ready: and soon an appetising odour dispersed itself through the cavern, causing eVen Madeleine to relinquish for a while nej assumed per sonality, and to watch with unaffected interest the homely drama of the kitchen. The fire, was kindled in the stone fireplace, the pot was suspended over it, and an agreeable bubbling established itself in the interior. Jack khelt in front with an original wooden spoon of his own manufacture In his hand, now stirring the decoction, and now turning to smile promisingly upon his guest The grey trails of the cavern sparkled as the blaze leaped op, and altogether the aspect of things was extremely cosy. Meanwhile the silent mOonwas lighting up the ravine outside, and dropping quiverir rays into the depths of the dark pool that ha formed against that overturned boulder. " We don't need the lamp now that the fire is (going," remarked Madeleine, " and I think it would look prettier and more mysterious without it. Shall I blow it out?" Jack said that she might; and he added, with innate hospitality,' that she was at liberty to do anything Bhe pleased so long as she honoured his -abode with her presenoe or words to that effect. In fact, the children were losing no time in making friends with each other. " Do you live this way always T" the maiden ' inquired. 8he had drawn nearer the fire, and was squatting in front of it, and poking it occasionally with the point of one of Jack's arrows, which he was too polite to restrain her from doing. " Yee," be answered. " ever since I went away from Mossy Jakes a." " It must be very nice. I think I will stay and live here with you. You can go out in the evenings, you know, and bring in booty; and then we will tell each other the histories < of our fives and adventures; or we could get; married. 1 might be your bride." " Perhape it- would be better not to get married,'' suggested Jack, who, it will be re remembered, nad not had the advantage of observing the matrimonial relation from a favourable point of view. "We might do the other put, yon know, without that." Madeleine took the amendment in very good part; bat she observed that the possession of her would probably be disputed at the sword's point by the host of her warlike relatives and friends. " There will be bloody oombats," she said, shaking back her hair with a heroic look. " My Uncle Floyd will oome; and perhape a whole fleet of ships of war will set sail from ; England. I shall stand by and see you fight, ana when you oonqaer them Sow nice that looks 1 Don't yon think it's almoet done now! I am so hungry 1" " if yon will hold the dish I'll pat some into it. Will the ugly man oome to fight, too r " I suppose so, nnleas you really stayed him juatnow. " YOB said he ran away," said Jack, anxiously. " I'm surs he most have wanted to, but Derfaacs be couldn't." "well, I hope he did," aaid Jack, becom ing more serious. " I shouldn't like him to be dead-quite, you know; and besidee, then he-iNMldbe under the great atone." "Ik tastes'very good, only it needs some lah," rtofilaTodi "Thereis some in that little hole in the rock beside yon. Perhaps I had better go outside and look " " Oh, so, I'd nther yon wouldn't leave me here. And it makes no difference about him. Nobody wants him; and ,if he'e under the stone, I'm sure yon can't get him oat, nor anyone else. Itwould be no us either, be muse ho would be dead* "I shouldn't mind his being dead eo much," said Jack, pondering the matter, " if I could only know that I hadn't made him so myself." "It snakes1 no 4Ufferenoe about him," Madeleine repeated. *' He wasn't a kind man, though lie -pretended to be at first. Whsri we begtt to ootne here, he palled me alonglaaiettbaif;l*rMatedtogo; andwhfan I tried. tOMnphe *ookM me. My Untie Floyd nevervsedto behave like that. I don't want you ever-ti Mil him. You mast take him prieonterr 'j" < *. Is heta England r "Jto, he frftuife hear here ; we were walk ing-home, iudhftetdowh in the lane, and said nothing wbein lepoke t6 biffi. First hfe asked ttie1 V b"»; my hand, and: I wouldn't.' becalpW;! Wil1. the squirrel I'm Sorry 1 wdnViio#j beeaosethe nely man said TloycL he was veiyflL'1 like Uncle Floyd; I 4m , th^drtij** M'hlreeta^you know.! I " ire ,;tl3®Is arbUtM ii in Londqn , """'fllStHs'tine far' il AttrWrwbi#& *Pb%ithi*d toeilthe Biarfonir I. 't I - . ? { pave yoa ever . tit THdeforf" , i m rftfcettostoeto! fiot; and it nwUy seemed rssasrlrahle that (here should be even bo much of a link between him and hie dark-eyed little guest. He went on to describe Hugh Berne, and to five a romantic sketch of hia biography. ' He talks like tbia," he added, giving a very fair imitation of Hugh's manner of intoning hia speech. "Yes, that is the war the people talk there," said Madeleine, nodding her head approvingly. She had by this time finished her sapper, and returned to the fern-couch. " Perhaps some time well let Hugh Berne come here and help ns fight against my relations," she went on; for she was in the habit of inspecting all the bearings of a hypothetical situation, until it had acquired absolute consistency in her mind. " One of yon coold fight when the other was resting." " How soon do yon think your relations will get here?" asked Jack, suddenly remem bering that an unlimited delay on this score might interfere with his own intention of departing by daybreak the next morning. The reflection caused him real uneasiness, for although he was not much behind Made< leine in the power of conceiving a set of cir cnmstances, and hinuelf as playing a put in them, he coald not at the same time stand aloof, as she coold, criticising her own inven tion, modifying it to suit her mood, and recognising all the while ite essential un reality. By to-morrow morning Madeleine would have lived oat her character of the abducted heiress, and be ready to adopt some other rdle. " They may not come at all," she said. "I don't think they care for me any mote than 1 do for them. You see if I should be lost they would get my estates; so perhaps I had better go back after alL Bat you may oome, too," she continued, graciously, seeing: in imagination the dee pair of the poor robber baron at being deserted. " i will give you the house in Devonshire, and you can come and see me in London. 1 have two aunts; they are rather troublesome old women. One of them is married, and has a lot of children, bnt they are very different from me. 1 like ?ou better. My other aunt almost always ives with Uncle Floyd and me; she has no husband, because she is so ugly. She wants to teach me lessons, and says 1 ought not to read the old dramatists in the library. But I always do as I please; and when she troubles me, I say the speeches that are in the playB, and that always makes her' angry. Some times I drive out with her in the Row: we go there in the afternoon in summer, when all the people come out in their finest clothes. But in the mornings Uncle Floyd and I have our ride: we gallop and gallop, and the gentlemen on horseback that we meet salute as with their whips, because Uncle Floyd is a great baron and lord to everybody but me. But the best is when, sometimes, he takes me with him to the theatre. Have you any theatre here f' "I don't think we have," said Jack;" what is »tr " Oh, it's where everything is the way it ought to be, and the people do things that make you laugh and cry; and they seem to live all their lives, and yet it is over in two or three hours. They fall in love, and kill each other, and make plots. . . . You Bee what both sides are doing, instead of seeing only one Bide, as with real people, and so you get excited, and you wonder how it will end. And everything they aay means something, instead of being only ' How do you do Y and ' It's a fine day,' as real people do; and they tell you all they feel, and all they mean to do, juat as yon think tilings when yoa are alone. And when they ate in lore, it makes yon feel as if yon were in love too; and yoa feel as if yoa were laying their plots with them, or escaping from them; and yoa get dxeadfally anxious for fear it shouldn't torn out (he best way; bat it always does, even when it's a tragedy. I like the tragedies the best" ^ " What are tragedies?" Jack inquired, too much interested to feel ashamed of his ignorance. Madeleine, too, had kindled with her Babject, and by her gestures and the play of her childish bat expressive countenance, she rendered her description vivid and pic turesque ; and Jack's undisguised attention flattered and stimulated bet. " Tragedies are where they die at the end," she said; "and all sorts of awful things happen; murders, and lovers are parted, and people make dreadful mistakes', and when the truth comes to be known, it is too late. And oh, you ted so sorry-so sorry 1 but not a disagreeable kind of sorry, m you do at anything tbat is not nice really-bat a noble sort of sony-ever so mach fetter than only langhing, and not minding thwqs. Then, when ita over, a great green curtain oomea down, and you go out, and there are people going up and down the streets just as if nothingnad happened, and it is so common and stupid you can hardly bear it. It makea you wish there were no real peoplealive." " But what sort of people are they that do the things in the theatre?" asked Jack, who , had never, conceived the idea, of * race !o| beings of a species suparior to mankind.. j \\.. "Oh, what a pity that you don't'^niw anything 1" exclaimed Madeleine, withgettufea commiseratkm. " Why, actors ' and ao. tresses, you know." ' . "Are they alive the same way that are?' ' ' ?' ' ' " Oh, in a great deal better way. Of t?*mt tbey muBt jbe; else common people wcfaldi so to the'tbeatre to see them;' TbUr are 1$ like any people you ?ver saw : vai'i ««. wn.Uk. real ever nappionn* * to M p*v toge splendid gre OS » gilding, ana Madeleine en pantii 6H-V or believed all the memoir. It vm a moment which theyrbotb remembered for many yean.' ; 1 Then was * pause ol some dotation; the fire crackled, the thin Smoke coned op the chimney, and ttoe-sbadows of the two chil« dren roBe artjllell. f&utftstically; on the rough wallB. "I wijl go fo London aedaee the acton and ihetfceatig/1' Juk siridatlast. "Yes, come .hsck. with Uncle Floyd and me, and we'll all go together!" " No, I'm going alone; and first I'm going round the world, aaHugh Berne did. Ton shall go one war, and I'll go the other,' and well meet on the ot^qr side. AodtlMai 111 tell you what I've seen and what I'yeidone." " Yes, after all, that will be bfet,': ex« claimed Madeleine, perceiviugat the romantic advantages of Jack^s plask' She btrack her little palms together, audi held them clasped on hex breast V I shall be sitting in my chamber, and suddenly (fee door will open and you will appear l; And- you will look all changed, with a great baud, perhaps, and a hat with a plume in it, and a scar across your forehead of some fight yon bad. And yon will say,' Knowest tboa me, 0 Madeleine f and I shall say, ' Bight well I know thee, my lord Jack.' No, 70a mast have some other name than Jack; it doean't Bound right in that place. Yon should be Romeo or Othello-bat you are not dark enough for OtheUp." . " 1 don't care about the names," said Jack; *' it's a little thing to care about, compared with some things. Here his eye happened to fall npon his banjo, which stood in the corner where he had hurriedly thrust it the moment previous to exploding his mine. He took it up,, and let his Sogers trip across the strings., _ Madeleine moved her head with pleasur* able surprise. "Music!" she exclaimed. "What a curious guitar. Do you know how to play ?" Jack made no other reply than to strike the strings again; and after a few preludes, he treated bis guest to a plantation melody which he bad learned from Deborah, and which bore the now timfe-honoured title of "The Old Folks at Home." But it wag all new to Madeleine, and she followed it with de lighted attention, and with a rapidly-growing perception that her robber baron did know something, in spite of his ignorance in matters theatrical; for a musician was a being second only to an actor in her regard. Jacke voice at this period waa probably far from being the superb organ that it $fter« wards became; butsuch as it was. he used it with the intuitive accuracy and taste of one born with muBic in his BOUL The banjo ia an instrument well adapted to accompany the noblest voice, bat ft likewise has the quality of enabling a voice which haa'only time and feeling to recommend it, to appear at its best So Jack sang on through the whole list of old Deborah's melodies.Made leme still pressing for more; and at last he said " Now I will sing you one other, and this yon must remember." " I shall remember all of them, bat: why did yon say only this?" " Because nobody told me this; I' found it myself. And Mossy Jakes was very angry when he heard it But I love it the best of all. It has no words, but yon must under* stand what it means without words. This ia the way it goes." Hereupon he sang the strange little air that has been before alluded to in these pages, and which had a mystery attached to it For it was an air which Jack's mother had oaed to sing before he was born, and which she had sung even before she met Jack's father, ia the girlish days when she and Professor Jacques Malgrfe never dreamed that anything would ever part them. And afterwards, when she eat solitary and sad in the little chamber window of the old red house beneath the elm, gazing out over the cold sea, and knitting with listless fingers the tiny socks of die child that was to come-at that season the sireefc and plaintive air had come back to her. and she had sungi t to herself m any and many times, thinking of Fiance and of her father, and of all that nad happened, and might be to o6me> It was the last song she sang before ehe began that pain that ended with her -life. But by one of those mysterious processes, the laws of which an withheld from us^ but of the truth whereof there exist instances in numerable, the memoir of the mother's dying song lived on in her child,, and years afterwards found utterance through ^ns lips, though he never knew how he came by it. Such anoonsrions ingratitude is, indeed,- one of the inevitable elements in the relation ot child to parent. The one takes,; the other gives, without knowledge or acknow ledgment " Do yon like that?' aaked Jade when he had finished. Madeleine had tears in her eyea. She nodded her bead. "/Well," said Jack, "when I copae to England I wiU sing that air; and then you . v>U know, without any name, that I ammy "Yes," answered Madeleine, "I shall IcfcOW." ? ." 1 ' ? The fire diWkout slowly, and a« Jack icon tinned to touch his batjjo with meditative fingers, and with longer Intervals between. Madeleine's eyelids tag&n; to droop, Its "well they might, for the night was utt. When .Jack saw how tired she was, he made tip a pillow for her, and Wranged her Comfortably on the sweet-fern mattress, and coveted hat little feqt with * -striped! blanket She -etretdhed «ut ne)L«khifS, attdput tori ,hfer lips to be. kissSflf-rjii^ frjtf iipst Bat the pool and the a tone were alike in scrutable ; Mid the latter seemed to have become & part of the solid earth-as per manent and an knmoTable. Who should lift it! Tb«# it might remain lor itrer; and in Jack's heart wonld remain the know ledge that his act had placed it there. I When at laat he re-entered the cave, the sneiDB had passed the zenith, and was de clining towards the west. It 'bad shone upon more than one strange spectacle that Bight. Jack felt his war cautiously to the «onch, where the soft rise and fall of Madeleine's breathing told how fast she dept. He lay down gently, so as not to disturb her; hot soon he had followed her 9rberever dreams lead. When the earliest glimmer of dawn*found its 'way through the chinks of the rock, it revealed the two cousins who knew not of each other's existence, testing with their arms roond each other, and their faces, which time and suffering should eo greatly alter, smooth and un troubled. It seemed almost a pilar that they nhutwake. 