PROVINCIAL ITEMS. From The Ballarat Courier. We regret to learn that a settlement of the Black Horse strike is as far off as over, the directors having insisted upon the dismissal of Messrs Carron and Mackin, as well as Phil- lies, the secretary of the local association. It will be remembered that at the late half- yearly meeting of the company, Mr Whitford, the mine manager, said he was willing to again take on Carron at the mine; but the settlement was then left in the hands of the directors. Yesterday morning, there- fore, the directors were interviewed, and they informed a deputation of workmen of their decision noted above. In reply to the deputation, the directors also stated that they would not allow the mine accident fund to be interfered with in any way, but it would be optional with any of the men to subscribe to it, and, of course, participate in its benefit. The Miners' Association having consented to the discharge of Phillips for the purpose of settling the strike, in anticipation that this course was all that was required in the face of the statement by Mr Whitford to take Carron back, the action of the directors in insisting upon the other con- ditional discharges is considered by many to be unfair and revengeful. But in justice to the directors it may be stated that the matter having been left in their hands in view of what has already taken place, and acting in the intests of the shareholders, they say it is impossible that proper relations can exist between the mining manager and the two workmen named. Therefore they cannot be again taken on, and the matter thus stands at present. A ghost story again. Very seldom do we hear of the alleged appearance of a ghost in one locality than the story of another in an altogether different quarter is soon afterwards told. Two or three residents at Creswick road now complain of the almost nightly ap- pearance of a white figure in the locality of the large area of ground stretching towards the old cemetery, and on one occasion, our informant states, whilst indulging in its usual cruise in the neighborhood, a carnal stroller observed it approaching him. Not being altogether anxious for an interview with the strange ap- parition he quietly climbed a tall tree, and having perched himself in what he considered a safe position from being seen, he watched with interest the antics of the ghost. This very tree, however, seemed to be the latter's favourite resort for the night, and imagine the uneasiness of the perched one when the figure approached and was about to climb up. The ghost, however had not climbed far when he was disturbed by the rustling of the leaves of the tree, followed by the tremondous crash of a falling man, who had only a few moments previously taken refuge on a pretty high limb. Once on the ground he did not wait to see if the night visitor had suffered any inconvenience, but packed up his traps and cleared out, the other party quickly following suit in an op- posite direction. A whirlwind of extraordinary violence pas- sed over the neighborhood of the Eastern Oval in Ballarat East yesterday afternoon. The air at the time was quite calm when the whirl- wind suddenly commenced. One of the many nursegirls who spend their time in the Oval had actually to hold on to a seat to prevent herself and an infant from being carried away. A portly old gentleman, too, had pretty hard work in keeping his equilibrium, while the roof of a stable or house is stated (with what truth we are not aware) to have been carried away to some distance. All sorts of light articles were also carried away, so that alto- gether it must have been one of the most vio- lent winds of the sort experienced here for some time past. What may yet prove a serious case was un- earthed yesterday in Ballarat East by Ser- geant McParland and Constable Thompson. Acting on information received these two officers visited the Chinese camp, and found a woman named Sarah Ah Kew living with an infant daughter, which was very much emaciated, and litterally starving. A warrant was issued for the woman's arrest, which was soon executed by Constable Thompson. The prisoner it appears had been an attendant at the Hospital for the child, but had neglected to comply with the doctor's instructions, or to attend regularly. Dr Owen said he would not, under the cir- cumstances, sign a certificate in the event of the child's death, hence the arrest of the mother, for "omitting, on the 2nd February, to procure medical treatment for her infant daughter, and thus causing grievous bodily harm to the said infant." The prisoner was living at one time with a Chinese coach driver, but for some time past they have lived apart; and it is said that the coachdriver will not acknowledge the paternity of the child. In the event of the child dying, of which there is some liklihood, the charge will probably be altered to manslaughter. 