SPORTING NOTES. BY RTJSTICTJS. The Victoria Racing Club's spring meeting commenced on Saturday last, when there could not liave been less than 25,000 people present. The weather ^as very pleasant. ' Business com- ! tnenced with the Melbourne Stakes, for which the strapping big Darebin was made an eTen money chance, and that, too, in the face of ten starters. He justified the confidence reposed in him by fairly romping home a length and a-half in front of Belmont, next to whom came Larpent a. similar distance off. The other starters were -.The Assyrian, Lord Burghley, Lord Lisgar, Cunnamulla, Liberator, Sting, and Jessie. The time was 2m. 13sec. The Hotham Handicap came next, and after Lapafcone had made most of the running Odd Trick came through and led home*an easy winner by a length and a half. Sardonyx was second and Commotion third ; ten others started. Time, 2m. 57|sec. No fewer than, .twenty-six two-year-olds came to the;po»t for the Maribyrnong Plate, Narinaand Warwick being about equal favorites at 5 to I, Diana (late Luna colt) coming next at a point more-. A good start was effected, the horses keeping well together to the distance, where Delusion was in front and looked like winning easily, when she swerved right across the course and let up Narina, Kingsdale, and Lady Jervois. A great race ensued between the three, Narina winning by a leDgth from Kingsdale, the same distance separating him from Lady Jervois. Delusion was fourth and Warwick fifth. Next came the Derby, for which ten started, Navigator being made an even money chance. Guesswork made most of the running, attended by Transferred, to the distance, where the former compounded, and Hales brought up Navigator, who threaded his way through the field in gallant style, winning by a length from Fryingpan, Segenhoe being next three-quarters of a length away. Quesswork was fourth, Boolka fifth, then came Transferred and Standard Bearer. The time, 2min. 41Jsec., was" the same as last year, when Darebin won. Navigator is a smallish black colt by Robinson Crusoe from the imported mare Cocoanut, and is the property of Mr. E. De Mestre. He was the best two-year-old of his year, and he can now fairly claim to be regarded as the best three-year old. Last season he commenced his career by running a dead-heat with Guesswork for second place in the Maribyrnong Plate, won by Segenhoe. He also won the Flying Stakes at the same meeting. Subsequently be pulled off the Nor manby Stakes, the Geelong Mares' Produce Stakes, and at Flemington, in the autumn, the Ascot Vale Stakes. He then journeyed to Sydney, where he led off by annexing the Cham pagne Stakes, but could only get third to Jessie and Hecla at the same meeting in the Sires' Produce Stakes ; on the following day be played second fiddle to Jessie in the Great Foal Stakes As a three-year-old he commenced bis career by winning the Derby and Mares' Produce Stakes at the Randwick spring meeting, beating the much-vaunted Segenhoe, who had been wrapped in lavender since his victory in the Maribyrnong Plate. Navigator has now set the seal to his fame by beating a large field in the Victoria Derby, and he will probably follow this up with another victory in the Mares' Produce Stakes. Fryingpan, who ran second, is by Betbnal Green from Saucepan (dam of the Melbourne Cup winner Haricot), and therefore claims imported blood on both sides; his only win so far has been in the Caulfield Guineas. Segenhoe is by Maribyrnong from The Fawn, and claims frater nal relationship to Richmond. Ab mentioned above, after winning the Maribyrnong Plate, be did not see a racecourse in public till he made his advent at Randwick as a three-year-old in the Derby, when he went down before Navigator, who has again asserted his supremacy in the Victoria Derby. Only three contested the Essen* don Stakes, which Sylvanus won very easily. Gostwyck and Essex were the other starters. A large field went out for the Coburg Stakes, Wizard being returned the winner, with Master Avenel and Verdure in the places. The Melbourne Gup of 1882 has resulted in another of those surprises which are becoming so common in great races, for not only has an outsider won it but the placed horses are all out siders. The Assyrian, an animal hailing from Adelaide, has been heralded as the winner of the great spring handicap, whilst the Tasmanians come second with Stockwell, and the Sydneyites third with Gudarz. The Assyrian is a handsome brown horse, 5 years old, by Countryman from Tinfinder, and was bred by the late Mr. K. Holland at Turretfield. He originally raced under the name of Rothschild, but upon enter ing the stable of Mr. Saville his name was changed to that of The Assyrian. He has been a good performer, his most important victories during the past season having been in the Duke's Handicap at Adelaide n August last, and the Royal Handicap at the same meeting. He sub sequently ran second to Turretfield in the Exhi bition Handicap, and second to The Vagabond in the Spring Handicap. The Oaulfield Cup, won by Little Jack, was regarded as a real good thing for him, but he disappointed his friends greatly by not getting near the front at any part of the race. Stockwell, by St. Albaus (a stal lion belonging to Mr. J. Coldbaro, of Grassdale) from Edella is owned by the Hon. T. Reiby, of Hobart; his best performance was in running second to Marchioness for the Hobart Cup. Gudarz, which ran third, was not at all fancied, chiefly because it was believed Mr. De Mestre had something better in his stable. He is, how ever, bred well enough to win any race that was ever run, beiug by Yattendon from Luna (dam of Calamia, winner of a Melbourne Cup). His performances have hitherto been of a mediocre character. The time, 3m. 40aec. is very slow, but this may be accounted for by the heavy state of the ground owing to the rain. It is noteworthy that in the three principal events of the meeting so far-the Maribyrnong, Derby, and Cup-a Victorian horse has only been placed in one event, viz., the Derby, with Fryingpan, which ran second, Sydney being credited with first and third-places; in the Maribyrnong Plate Sydney was first and second, and South Australia third; whilst in the Cup South Australia, Tasmania, and Sydney'filled the places. Although South Australian- bred horses have previously won the Cup, via.^Lan tern in 1864 and Don Juan in 1878, this ia the first time an Adelaide-owned horse has proved victorious. In 1870 (Nimblefoot's year) Lapdog, owned by Mr. J. Gilbert, came very nigh, as ho was only beaten by the breadth of a man's hand. There was doubtless great joy in the house of Israel yesterday over the result of the Cup for "the Assyrian came down like a wolf on-the fold" to their relief, and enabled them to per* form the highly interesting visiseotional opera* tion of skinning the Iamb. The winner was not backed to any extent, and those who had taken wagers about him were glad to " hedge" at any price. This was difficult to do as the bookmakers felt that any investments in favor -ef The Assyrian was to them as so much dead money. The scratching of Prometheus for the Derby and Cup was a great blow not only to his owner and trainer, but to his backers alBO, whose name was legion. The colt had been doing so well in his. training that many good judges regarded his chance as second to none, and backed him accord ingly. The colt somehow caught a cold, and in a gallop a few days before the Derby was beaten .off by First Water-a performance not half good enough. As there was no chance of getting him round by the day Mr. Saville had no other resource but to> put the pen through his name for ,both Derby and Cup. . As was anticipated, the Maribyrnong Plate, the richest two-year old race in the Southern Hemisphere, has again gone to Sydney, with the aid of Narina, who was a great favorite in cer tain "knowing" quarters. She is by Yattendon from Atboline (imp.), the dam of Gainsborough and Geraldine. Atholine is magnificently' bred, as * she is by the English Derby andrLeger winner, Blair Athol, from Habena by Irish Birdcatcher. Narina is a beautifully made filly, and she is said to be as good as she looks. Kingsdale, which ran second, is by Maribyrnong from Bosendale (imp ), and has a dash of the Stock well blood in him. This colt has run twice in New South Wales, his first appearance being in the Two-year-old Stakes at Tattersall's meeting, when he ran veiy close up to Halifax, Statesman being third. His next essay was in the two year-old race at Hawkesbury, which he won very easily by three lengths, Tristan, Chloris, and a lot more being behind him. He Is a very fine colt. The third in the race, Lady Jervois, is, by Emulation from Talkative,' and iis tha property of that well-known sportsman, Mr. P. B. Coglin. At the late S.A.J.O.' meeting in the Sapling Stakes this filly led from start to finish, winning easily in 50&sec.;, excellent time for the half mile. ' _ The V.R.C. Oaks, to be run to-morrow, looks like a match between Solitude and Hecla. ' - For the first time for many years the St. ?Albans Btable has no representative in either the V.B O. Derby or Oaks. George Fordham, the famous English jockey, is a passenger by the steamship Austral, which is expected to arrive next week. He is taking the trijj for the benefit of his health. A cricket match was played in August last at Portsmouth between elevens from the clubs of the United Service and the Nondescripts, when some remarkable scoring took place. The former put together 734 in a single innings. Captain Spens contributed 386, the. other prin cipal Bcorers being Sergeant MacDemmott 111, Lieut. Jones 86, Lieut Stewart 86, arid Lieut. Lyle 21. The Nondescripts totted up 808 for four wickets. Mr. W. J. Ford ran up 100 before being got rid of: Mr. F. P. Francis eon* tributed 95, and Mr. W. B. Green was not out with 97. i .. i A certain layer of odds (says the Sporl&nan;), who is not a professional bookmaker, but yrhose commercial avocations are varied with musical relief-he being a vocalist of oratorio predileo* tions-paraded the Collins-street block the other day in a brand-new suit of Milton's best. Quoth a chaffing acquaintance, who chanced to meet him, " Hallo, my Handel friend, you look as if you had done pretty well over the Caiilfield Cup 1" "Yes," drily responded the other, " with Verdure clad, you see." Not bad, was it? ! Before leaving Eogland Hanlan declined two offers, one of £1,000 for six months, the other of a like amount yearly for five years.to.remain and give exhibitions and lessons m rowing. E. P. ^Weston, the father of long-distanoe pedestrianism, ran 50 miles in 8h. 582m. at the Crystal Palace, London, on the 4th July last. As showing the dangers which attend horse* flesh it may be mentioned that a few days before she won the Maribyrnong Plate Narina, whilst taking an extended breather on the turf of the inner course, just missed striking with one of her fore feet the jagged end of a glass bottle. Had she merely touched it her chance would have been most effectually extinguished. The Tasmanian horse Hobart met with a curi ous mishap the other day which will prevent him starting at the present V.B.O. meeting. His attendant had carelessly left a ladder in his box, and with that playfulness which characterises some animals, he managed to put his forefeet through the rungs. He. was so strained that his chance of starting is hopeless. Courtney, the famous American amateur sculler,' has beaten both Ten Eyck and Dempsey in a three miles spin on the St. Lawrence River. The stake was for a thousand dollars. The rumour that Stiag had been purchased for £3000 by Mr. J. J. Miller has been contradicted by that genial " sweepist." Creme-de-Bouzy, of whom at one time great things were expected, has changed hands for £50, and The Ghost, of whom the same may be said, at £100. . ...' A spiritualist named.Morgan, of Melbourne, has' been invoking the aid of the spirits in tipping winners. Prior to the decision of the Caulfield Cup he offered, for the very modest sum of £10, to get the invisible one's to declare the winner. Two of the leading metallicians, Joe Thompson . and W. Branch, agreed,just for the fun of the thing, you .know," to pay the money and obtain possession of the coveted tipl Sure enough they obtained it, the magic words reading "Little Jack." As is well known Little Jack did absolutely win, so that the spiritualists have scored a point. Thompson says-he declined to lay against Little Jack on the strength of the information imparted to bim and thereby saved £1500. Emboldened by the success of bis first venture Morgan again offered to invoke the aid of the unseen and name the winner of the Melbourne Cop. The information, however, was assessed at a much higher figure this time, £750 being the amount required. " Not for Joseph," replied Thompson. And so the matter ended. Of course no sane person will believe for one moment that spiritualistic agency had anything to do with the spotting of Little Jack for the Caulfield Cup, but will rather attribute it, and rightly so, too, to a lucky hit. The Evening Iftraid has been working the thing up into something like a sensation. Wallace Ross has got badly beaten in a regatta at Saratoga ; seven went to the poBt, viz., BOBS Courtney, Lee, Biley, Sheldon, Hosmer, and Ten Eyck. William Elliott, at one time cham pion of England, now in America, entered but did not start. Boss, of course, was favourite, and next in demand to him was Courtney. Odds were actually laid on Boss against the field, but although he seemed to have looked dangerous for half the distance, he must have collapsed in the same way that he did when Laycock tackled him in the Hop Bitters in their first match. Lee and Courtney rowed a des perate race home, and Lee just won. The time for the three miles was 20m. 43s. 