AOTA POPULI. — — ? '©?— ? By The Flanefb. ' Tlio affairs of the dead are an honour to tho living.' — Euripides. This is a great and glorious world. The pity is someone hasn't found time to fence it in and give it a coat or two of whitewash. Respecting the people, however — considering we are all brothers and Bisters, from tho Czar on his throne down to fcho lunatic JNimhst joijer wno pJayiully scatters his remains about the country — it is scarcely safe in this truthful age to Bay as much for the people. Time was, in tho benighted Pagan days, when tho golden-mouthed orator, the heaven-inspired bard, and the heroic brave were honoured even in their own days, and when the people wor shipped these men in order that they might in some little degree do reverence to the G-od who had so plentifully bestowed His gifts upon them. After this there came the age when the people began to consider the Creator was but partly tho causo of a scholar or a warrior's fame, and educa tion mado.up the rest. Those were the days when Gbnius and Honour had to starve through life on the crumbs that fell from the table of Wealth and Ignorance— the days when a gifted man had to die before he reoeived the slightest recognition. Some, such as Chatterton and Keats, had . the sense to die at the beginning of their career, and were thus enabled to receive their reward at an early date, and avoid a long and perhaps unoom f prtable lif e. of starvation. .??,.: Those wore' the days when G-eniufl asked for bread and received a stone — when it died; but before we call for three groans for the minions in j,-ower then, let us Wake up to the fact that wo of this enlightenod age are far ? worse. Now«a days the doctrine taught is that education meanB evei 'ything, and there is no god now but Parkes. And so Genius, unless it bo a genius for political swindling, and amassing wealth by hook or by orook — is neither honoured in life, nor^respected in death ; in fact there is aotually a tendency to day amongst many to exalt themselves by stand ing on the coffins of iho mighty dead, who wont before, and who even, like the Houyhnhnms of' Swift, scruple not to cast filth upon them. What chiefly induces me to run out of my usual groove this week is tho knowledge that there was once in this land a party by the name of Daniel Henry Deniehy, who was the Do Quincey or even something more of New South Wales. He lived, and he died, or perhaps it would be a more appropriate way of putting the case to say that he appeared to blaze out with unusual bril liancy like one of those over-heatedi stars Proctor : told us of, and then suddenly disappeared for ever. Since his death, repeated suggestions ; have been thrown out from time to . time by this and other journals as to the advisability of doing - something ; to remove - our national stain : by '.. erecting something that would show we ire not exactly all money grubbers, and ft^at some'few at least can with pride remember him w^°j as his 'gifted friend Mr. Dalley re 'm'arkb -*-' 'parsed away frbm us, leaving no one behind . l^m who. could even presume to measure the proppi fcioD8 of his intelleot.' After the bril liant speech .made that night I fally expeGted to hear; of the m^Vemenf?' being started, next day, but there appears to have rbeen about; as much done since as there -was.freKore the deluge. And so I suppose the manes oiy-ppoS: Deniehy, Harpur, and the rest of Australia's gh'fce* Dufc neglaoted sons muBt wander silently and VoldlV on, whilst their less brilliant but, more era. % successors eat, drink, make merry, and grudge one shilling to honour the dead, whilst at the Banu'* time they would cheerfully hand over a pound tor sea a dog fight. Shame on the age and on the 3M*9n Wflo let such things be. ' ©one off his head' is the universal verdict on . our hundred-ton gun, Sir 'Bnry. So long as he simply ' blew' he surprised no one ; but now that he has stooped to conquer by following the example of Ananias, the Crladesville attendants are readying up a suit for hio immediate use on . his arrival here. When he told the 'Yanks' New South Wales was the biggeBt country in the world, and Melbourne was only a little fishing village, of course every one simply i laughed at what Sir Jooeph Innos would call his ' innocent fun ;' when he explained to his grandmother Lord Sherbrooke the proper modus operandi for sucking political egge, everyone shrieked with laughter, and it was thought that a second Joe Miller or Grrimaldi had risen up amongst us ; but when he deliberately stood up the other day before the British good templars, and told that august and crampsinthe stomach-loving body that his new Licenaing Act was working well and giving general satisfaction here, those who were up in the facts scooted out of the place, as they fully expected the hall would fall down and squelch him. Anyone who asserts that the Licensing Act or any other act framed by Sir 'Enry (barring the Insolvent Act) gives general satisfaction is what Australians, with that delicacy peculiar to them, would call an oxfcromoly careless handler of the truth ; but what St. James would, in his own rough way, designate by a word of four letters, which would bo far more forcible than polite. The initiated (and it was once stated a couple of the supporters of th3 Bill wero once among these) know the seorot wayo, and tho ' open sesame' of certain hotels who occasionally lose count of the Snndayo, whilst the uninitiated either lay in a cargo on Satunday night whioh frequently leads to the polting of offensive remarks between paterfamilias and his ' missus' first, and ' the polting of tho furniture after, tho whole being followed by ono of those laughable farces performed at the Central; or else the innocent goes. abroad, making one of the 6000 or 7000 who, visit the mermaids' oaves at Manly, or -the , Arcadian retreats at Botany. At either place, and at a great many more, he can surround his fifteen or thirty ' long-gleevers,' and then snap his fingex's at the p'licoman's taunts — and so oan his sisters and his cousina and his aunts. This is part of the great success of the Licensing Act as ife stands at present, and if it wore not for the faot tkat the framar of the Bill is an honourable man (as BrutuB w&b;) one might reasonably imagine that gome gf. fche tramways were con» structed for the special benefit of a few of the suburban hotels. Apropos of tho extraordinary bonefioial effect upon the morality of society at large brought about by this semi-inspired Licensing Act, -I may mention tho Quarter Sessions here opened on Monday last with the extremely satlefaotory entries of 110 prisoners, 32 of whom saved a deal of trouble by pleading guilty, and thus 'scratching' themselves and paying forfeit the first day. Judge Josephson will therefore have to buy his own gloves for the present, as thero will bo no presentation at this festive gathering. Sunday burglaries are now, as the funny man on the JEcho would say, ' of daily occurrence ;' ono cannot safely go to church, so . it is simply a question now of whether it would be better to lose one's soul or his furniture. In the case of Corporation contractors, compensation claimants, and a few other respectable citizens, I should certainly advise them to sit on their back fence all day and watch their property. The fact is, gentlemen of tho William Sykes profession are naturally of restless, industrious habits, and when they are not allowed to sit in a pub. and smoke and drink and discuss the Egyptian crisis, there iff nothing left but to 'crawl through their re ligious friends' keyholes and waltz off with a ' Que on Anne bedstead licensed to carry 36 inside and a score on the roof, or a semi-grand piano. ; I am also authorized to state Officially that the match between the clipper-built Woollahra trams and the one-legged man who puts a shine on boots in King-street is most decidedly ' off.' It seems that after a few recent trials the backers of the tram wanted their opponent to tio up hia other leg and give the cars half a mile start as well. Seriously, there are more ' stops ' on this and the Waverley line than thero are on St. Andrew's organ ? whilst this paee the Botany motors tear along at is bo slow that they are frequently unable to get out of their own way. Siren Reparke might paste the above information on his No. 15 bluchers, and reel ife off to the next genial gang of Never touch-it's who are fortunate enough to citch the priceless vocal pearls (and H's) which fall from his Phidian-ohi8elled lips. ; And no w lot us take the one step which leads from tho ridiculous to the sublime!; but, for reading tbJs par., I would strongly advise all who have just dinod to unbutton their - collars and loosen their vests. I have before me a letter just received by a clerical friend from that ApoBtle of Ter-ruth and Peace, and; blue-metal, ballets, the Eov. Charles Obiniquy. It is bo' excassivoly Chiniquish that I'd like to quote the lot; but one of our compB. was heard singing 'Tho Gate's Ajar' at the rear of a Kent-street pub. on Sunday last, and it is thought Charley's epistle would shako his faith completely. Tho Canadian's letter is dated from an Illinois' county which rejoices in the euphonious name of Kankakee, and I believe the postage traB duly paid. . '.;.':' .( Writing to his brother in tho spirit, Charles' lets off his first bombshell by observing — ?.?;???'' ' You will also help me to blesB the Lord when you know that nat less than 200 new converaiors from the rankB otf Popery have filled my heart with an unspeakable joy theeo last two months.'' That's where the man from Canada shines. ! Ho always ropes new converts. You/ never find him warming up a lot cf old ones, or 'firing' their shins, and effacing their brands, but he worries about and tells a lot of clean-skinned Papists all about the divine ' calls' which he reooives, Samuel-liko, at night, and all tho undivino brickbats ho has shied at his holy head by day, and bo ho works on his hoarera' feelings until they run for a sharo of tho good things he offers like a lot of hungry crows going for a doad horso. At least so Charley tells us. In the second paragraph this modern Paul ' gives just the gentlest of hints respecting the little game he's aft or, so he says :— ' It is my intention (d.v.) to establish a new mission among my 15,000 Koman Catholia countrymen who are in Ohieago. [ 1 have been prevented to begin that work till now only by the want of moans.' That's) another sign by whtoh you may know the Rev. Mr. Ohini^uy — he's always ' in want of means,' and tho tax collector has barely left the front dooi.1 when tho butcher and baker rush up to tho back, and the Bad-eyed, pensive-looking Chinamon vegotablo hawker doggedly takes his neat on tho kitohen step, and monotonously chants lf No feahr— oao silly aix a penny lars week. — one hop-a-long dis week — mo no sabby dis ; too xnucb.ee, eome again tomollow.' The fact of 15,000 Chicago Papists drifting efceadily to that bourne to -which Don GioTanni g«e* in the last act of Mozart's :v. opera is a . matter of supreme indifference to the taxman, and the explaining of this lamentable fact has no more effect on cabbagee John than a bread pill would have on tho ghost of. Hamlet's father. Charles is in -want of moans, and like the beautiful companions of tho last roso of summer, I give back sigh for sigh, for, as the young lady said whon speaking of love, ' The pangB aro groafc. I've been there myoeK,' Charles, paee the onions till I weep with fchec. After a long discourse on laio proposed mission to ' Bpread the light amongst the brnlfcalized millions of tho slaves of Rome' now ocafctered about the North Pole, and Petticoat Lane, and Japan, and Jupiter, Hanlan's countryman comes dawn at the tale end of this epiBtle, just as the ladies jam all they roally want to say in a post script, and. strikes the hard solid fact by saying : ' I want £100 to begin the work at Chicago. What a small sum it is when compared with the millions expended on tabacco, races, balls, circuses, theatres, and other follies ! Is it possible that I will not get that trifle ?' I am confoundedly afraid, OharleB, you won'fc. You gee, in the first place, that £100 is equivalent to 1600 pit tickets to see either 'Tambour Major,' or the ' Gtavnor,' or it will enable one to enjoy tho Bachanalian delights of 8000 ' Bhandy gaffs' at Frank Smith's Hotel on Sundays. There is also a growing tendency over here to lot the little heathens up Cooktown way eat their friod 'pos Bum or Chinamen a la Russe in peace, and to lot those of TT7I3I and LaneaBhire aet in a sitnlar un hampered manner ; but above all things thei'0'0 a strongly marked belief here amongst the Papal hordes that if you left off bagging 15,000 eonverta a day, and took to .catching 15,000 fish, you would be doing at leasb one part of the early apocfcleo' work, and besides you'd soon be cured of your chronic eomplaint 'want of moans.' Ta in, Charles — there's a better land-^but, like ike nigger, I am afraid we'll have to work evon there, for.if there's nothing else to do thooe tyrannical Papists will make ua get out and ohove fche oloudo along. . Now that fche winter of our diacontont haa oo'o in our thoughts are inclined at times to otray from the doingB of Arabi Bey, and Bartlemy Eayi'o, and the Proteetionists to the moro pressing one of eold feet. Ib is pleasing £0 find this important topic forming tho oubjoefc &2 some of the moat important Continental journals, and it is to be hoped Sir 'Enry with hie uoucl generosity will give these philanthropic?,! papero the benefit of his usual sound advice. Bonxo oZ the remedioa will, however, scarcely suit our olimate or complexion. For instance, a Belgian medical journal says it is best to drink a little ?wine or brandy. That's very satisfactory advice to journalists, but what aboufc the poor feet of John Davieo, D. M'Beath and Co. ? Aro these patriots to freeze while reporters revel in the juice of Lome and Hennessy ? Another gazette (evidently written specially for fche poor working man) tells us to ' eat a great deal of gooao end pork.' This seems the soundest advice of all ; but as the journal in question fails to tell fcho poor man where to get those dainty victuals, it might just as well have told him to ohop hio faet off and soak them in Mount Veouvius. A French savant is of opinion that continuouc Walking about is good ; but I scarcely think this information will bo hailed with frantic joy by drapers' aBaiBtanto, who atand twenfcy-oovon hours a day, or by the peripatetic postman. Lcafcly eomes the advioo which I trust all papero will please copy. A Bfc. Petersburg reporter is anuv/or able for the aesertion that tho ladieo there in variably wrap fcheiv foot in nov/opapero, and then stuff the lot into their furred boots, tho object being to keep out tho air and rotain the natural warmth of the foot. I regret to otate, however, that lamas ignorant of the size of a Russian journal as lam of a Rus sian ludy'o ' stepper' ; but if any of our bolleo can wrap a Freeman round each foot and then pull on her balmoral, she should claim the champion belt at once from Cinderella. There ia really some thing in this paper business, hov/ovor, ao tho great actov Macready, who wao constantly travel ling and acting in tho depths oi: an Engliok win ter, never once caught cold ; his immunity from it being ascribed fco his oowing a double ohoofc of brown paper inside hio ohirt, juotacroos hia client. ' Only a cold opens many a grave,' thereforo j givo the above, in tho hope it may cheat at loaofc one undertaker. For I love them not, and they seldom give their clients satisfaction. 