Shetcbet. for lifeT Eleven days on tho rood. By no means the Union Pacific, or any other lino at continuous travel, where the minimum of bounce and jerk is combined with tha maximum of com fort possiblo under steady motion. A road still unknown to surveyor or engineer, boyond reach or thought of railroad-man orspoculator and bnt just opening up its two hundred miles or more of primeval forest. A road trodden only by Indians or crossed by stealthy fox or lynx, its length winding through treacherous marsh and bog, 4nd swift stream, and deep, unbroken forest, only a 'blazo' Iioro and there indicating at some points the course to bo followed, and, where too obtrusive trees wero cutaway, tho stumps left standing at last tho ' right height for impaling wagon bodies and stirring up a degroo or two more of profanity in tho drivers. From Pombina to Crow Wing, and in those two hundred miles of loneliness only the traveller of 'that region can know what had not Iho patient oxen - undergone? Twelve miles, the average day's accomplishment, un til Leech 'Lake and, some suggestion of a civilized road hod been reached. Heavy jrains, swollen streams, fathomless mud-holes. Often a morning was spent in hauling wagons across a turbid and turbulent titUo river, and, while the oxen stood drenched and dripping after thoir reluctant swim to the, other, side, bringing over the loads package by package on, a fallen tree, if such bridge could be dis covered, or waiting while the two half-breeds swam across with them on theirheads. Neddo, silent and calmly acquiescent in whataver fato might bring, served as foil. and back ground for Boulsnger, who swore in all dia lects from French and English through to Crcb and Chippewo, his black beads ot eyes shooting lightning, bis small and fiaylybo deeked legs dancing wildly among tho pack ages, and his lean arms emphasizing the whirlwind of invective. Even this had ceased to amuse. Drenched through and through by constant rains, tor mented day and night by mosquitoes in size, . numbers, and ferocity boyond the wildest imagmatian ot the Eastern mind, endurance was all that remained. Svcn water-lilies palled, and for weary body and more weary mind but ono desire had force— to soo the low . stockade of the Crow Wing Agency, and an actual inn, where a real bed, even if one of four in a row, would bo hailed as deliverance, and where one would find a post-offioo and a daily stage, connecting ihu lost outpost of Civilization with St, Cloud, eighty miles be low, and the first point where railroads could be reached. ; .. ., ,- ... . Again a broken bridge gave another morn ing of unloading, and swearing, and reloading and when at last ihe rushing river waspassed and the wagon once more under way, a trea cherous and shelving mud-hole suddenly swallowed up oxen *nd tore-wheels, dumped load andowners'into its very depths, and for five minntes seemed likely to hold them there. Then all struggled but together, and,, while Boulanger shrieked with rage and Neddo ex amined polo and whivj, and finned out tlio provision-baskol, putting tha content* on a damp log to dry, patience at laid took flight, and, like Uio ancient prophet in ono of his many nrodicamcnU, ' I spake with my ton guo ; I opened wido my mouth. ' I will not slay in this nest of mosquitoes and .flies and wail hours for this final catastrophe to on snarl. I shall march on to Gull Lake, where (hero is a beach, unless Uiis last flood has turned it to water, and there I can sit in lie sand and got dry. Of course now there is no getting to Crow Wing to-night, and wo taunt camp at tho lake.' For this journey was by no meani a first or sooond one, and tho ox-toain was simply one more exporianco of frontier travollinf Canoe and flat-train and Indian pony bad a] .boon tried, and oltlinr was bettor than this frightful crawl, inch by inch as It wars. At Gull Lako, Uio first ottrnjiinn-polnt tha pre vious year, ten miles nbovo Crow Wing, had boon a solitary wigwam, tenanted by a toolb less but amiable squaw, who gavo mo troth piokorel roasted In tho scales over bar fire and affording a now sansa of what flavor and Ravor natural methods may hold, and potatoes hardly bigger than walnuts, but dux in my honor from thu field sho had planted. * l'er haps slia would be there to-day. In any oaso alone or with such society as she could Riw, tharo waited for mo Iho dear, still, bluo water in its selling of silvory sand, Iho Mauled, pine with its aaglo'H nost, tho hush and serenity of Uio silent forest. Five inlioo andar tho pinan, where one was less tormented by mosquitoes, end then camo » final one— « wado rather than a walk. I had forgotten tho bog, and tho corduroy had sunk quite out of Bight, though I could fool It now and then bolow tlm black mud which hold tenaciously to ouch fool by turn nnd yiolded with a long, plow f-uok, liko a smock of evil satisfaction over my tribulations, Ton thousand hands could not have availed against that gray column of monrjultoifl, whoso sound soomod at last a trnnipot-oall to oilier oolumns, and which, in spite of hand net and leather cloven, penetrated unknown and unguarded chink or crovioc. Through tbo swamp at last, and out onco more under the friendly pinos, and I ran, knowing tho goal wan near, and seeing soon tbo flashing sunlight on tho bluo water. There was a binding figure near the lake. Along tho brook implying into it, corn and pass nnd beans wore growing, and, notually, balnamn and swect-poas at tha and I ' My squaw has boon brought over to white man's fashions,' I said half aloud, and then Htopped short, as tha figure sprang un and turned with a subdued ' My gracious I'' when nlio saw tho muil-coalcd and caked, torn, nnd most disreputable-looking apparition boforo her. Bo wan a face, such watery and faded yet somehow intenso bluo eyes,' so in finitesimal a nub ot hair, so shadowy yet resolute a wraith, I had never yet. encount ered, even in remotest and most unfriended cabin, who.ro a woman's lifo means tho spoody loss of every trace ot oomolinoss and sraoo. 'Well, I call it a provlaonon I' she nald, coming forward with a sort of silent runli as if carriod by tha wind. ' Tho first day I'vo over been lonesome a mite or thought to enro but he's gone below llireoiiayn now, an' fihnh woah off for berries, nn' I did Hay jest now by the pond tboro, it was a leelte. lonosomo, An' thon to tlu'nk of n white woman tain1 wlial I should soo I , It does beat all I Wliiiro bo you trom ? I reckon it'n a dry country you'va loft behind you,' Klin nddad, with n twinkle 'for you've brought nil tlio mud along with you. . Now you coma straight up along with me, an' I'll scrape you off somo. Where's your folks ?' ' Bix miles bock, in a mud-hole,' I answer ed, with the ghostly impression still strong upon mo. Tlio voice was only a husky whisper, and a nearer view only intensified the bloodlensncss of tho skin, liardly hiding the poor bones bolow. Tho woman laughnd. ' You think I'm a poor show,' sho mid. 11 Folks gin'ally do ; but I'm hoalth itself to what I was.' ' You wero not hero when I went up a year ago?' 'No: I como in November. Wlipnyou'ro in Rome of my olothes an' havo had a cup of tea, I'll tell you all about it. There's Ilia house, Ain't that pretty well for Gull Lako ? Kinder comfortable?' Comfortable I A palace conld not have held a tenth of all the word meant I A ' but and a ben' only, but how spotiefwly neat I Mora ing-giones ana Hops climbing over door and windows whero white curtains hung; a snow white bod, shut in by mosquito-bar ; a square of rag oarpct on the floor ; slovo and tins polished to their utmost capacity,— ono ot shining blackncan, tbo other of shining brightness; a dresser holding civilized diahen; a shelf, whore two or three books lay, — Iho Bible, Whiltier'spocms, and ' David Copper field,'— And a pile of well-worn Trihuna \ an old-fashioned rocking-chair with patchwork cushions, and 'light-stand' near it; nnd, to complete the curious mixture of old New England farm-house and frontier cabin, a warming-pan hanging between the windows, its copper tooo shining like everything else. ' You think that's a queer thing to tete out West1?' .Bald my hostess, who had already spread a cloth and put on fresh water to, boil for tho promised oup of tea, 'I' lotted oh it iwforo f was big enough to reach it, hangin' there in grandrnplbcr'skitdion npin Vermont; on* when. I went West, leastways what was Wost forty years ago,-4o Ponnsylvany,— I took it along for old times, an' then on to Illinois an' Minnesota, an' here we both aro up here. ' You'd say it wasn't much more use than Timothy Dcxicr's ship-load tor tho West Injies ; but ho made a fortune out o' that, an' I sort ot expect good luck from this ono. Now, before that kottlo' bilos, you might freshen up a mite. Tho heft of it we won't do nothin' to till you've had your tea.' Words can never tell the delight of that fromonlng.-r-first in cold water in a real wash basin, then the tea, drunk to an accompani ment of narrative poured out as it mere spooch were a gift straight from heaven. An in domltoblo cheerfulness, a, resolute grasp of these shadowy threads of life, seemed the strangest characteristics ot this oreaturo, in whose faded eyes quick gleams ot expression came and went, and whose alertness and even vivacity were miraculous testimonies to tho imperious will that governed the frail body, no matter what human weakness interposed. \- In the beginning, Iho story proved ono I had often heard,— the exodas of forty years before, when New England, more espedaUy its northern portion, scemed-emptying itself into the West, tha white-covered, heavily-laden wagons passing day by day through tho old towns, gazed upon by the mon conservative with apprehension ana dismay. - ' I hankered after home. , I do it even now, once in a great while,'! the shadowy woman went on; 'but I ain't going to dwell on that. Ljkely'8 not, you've heerd forty folks say the same thing. But what yon hain't hood I'm goin' to tell now. He come from Mains, .as maybe I didn't say,— bom a lumber-man, an' his father one before him. An' so, when Minnesota opened up, it oome easy to put nut o' Illinois, where tannin' never suited, bun, an' when there wasn't a. stick o' timber, except along the river-bottoms, an' ha always half pinto' for it. Hoknbws his business, an' Mon tell into work, an* we settled flown, Jn Minneapolis; that's about as follay*plao6ai you'll find. But, you see, I wasn't never over strong, an' rd shook in them bottoms tin It's my .belief there ;wasn't an inchjnside of me that kept jerttheplaco the Lord hoi laid out to have it keep, folks said the trouble was your gall ran out into 7001 liver; but I said your liver ran where it was a mind to, an' your Ktomaah into whatever else there was, an* rabro'n likely interfered with your lungs an1 kept yon from bavin' a long breath. That's tbo way it looked to me, even after I got settled in Minneapolis, for uiinogot shorter an' shorter, an1 at last, in spito of me, I was in bod, an' folks sayin' I shouldn't never too spring. 'Now. ilin children liai) died fast M they come, almost. Thore wasn't ono loft; an' Hiram is sot by tiatur1 on wliat's his own, an' Kood beyond tha common, an' it seemed as if ho couldn't Htand it to loin me too. We'd boon unlucky, too,— burnod out onco, an' Uio bank broko that bod our money in it, such as it was, — an' he was pretty low ; an' when timo oomo to go up to camp ha half broke down, an' ho said, ' Maiviny, I can't. Sup posin' you shouldn't bo here wben I oonia back. I'li bettor go as hand in a mill, an' earn 1™™.' ' ' Uironi,' I nafti, 'you tako mo along willi you.' You novor saw a man look raort sanrod, for bo thought I was train' out o' my mind. But I hadn't noUcod folks an' ways for nothin', an' 1 said, ? Don't you know jest as well as lha noxl ona that tba doctors keep mndin' oonHumplivo folks up into Uio pineries 7 an' if your cuiiip ain't as «ood no another, I'd liko to know. 1 can't more'u din, anyway ; an' I'm sink of Mn' tucked ujt in bod an' an air tight oliokin' mo day on' night, an' I'm goin' with you.' ' Maiviny, you can't,' ho said : it's all mon. Thora ain't nn plaoc.' — ' Then mako a nlnoo,' nays I,— 'Tain'l fit,' «sys lie. ' Women dnn I know anything about a passol of men togcthnr.'— ? Tlicn Uio moro reason for flndin' out, nn1 secln' if they can't bo mado decent,' says I, ' if Uial's wlial you moan. I toel to know I shan't die if loan git up lucre; an' I won't Iw in your way nor tlieim ; but go I will, if I havo to walk un' can't do moro'n ton steps a day.' ' Wul!, lio know I was set, an', though I didn't put my fool down very often, had it down then, square, an' ho sol in a brown study ntvhilo, an' tlioa lio mya, 'Well, Malviiiy, 'tain't no tima to cross you, an' I novur wanted to yet. If you think you'll hold nut, I'll start up-country to-morrow an' sec about liavin' a separate cabin next to camp, They're flxin' for winter now, on' I kin go and coma in a weak. Dut I don't soo liow you'll stand it, nn' I don't bellovo you will.'—' Thon I con bo buried in tho woods,' says I : ? I always did hnvo a hnnkoriu' to lay down for good under pinc-lrces.' ' Well, lio went off; an' I will nay I didn't soo myself iiow I could liva till ho got back, for I Iiad (mother timo of raisin' blond that very night. It coino pouriu' straight out; but I said, ' I won't givo in. It can't all run out, an' I calculate Uioro'll bo onougli loft to krap ma goin'.' ' Polks wouldn't bollovo it, but by Uic timo Hiram got baok I ooulil orawl to Uio window. I sot llicro when he como in night, an' he, was aetoninhoil n» you'd want to boo. But ho had to lay in an' (jit packed for gain' op, an' tbo vory morning all was ready I must needs come down again. Well, ho waited a day, an' then lio says, ' I'll go up with the load, Maiviny, nn' fix up a bit, nn' thou I'll coma baok an' tako you up on an empty sled, ho'h to mako room for a bad an' things for yon to an oasior.' — ' I wnnl to go now,' I nays : ' I shall bo dead if I don't.' Well, wo argued somo, baok and forth, an' at hut he nays, ? It ain't no uio, Maiviny. All's ready npw, an' I'm goin' now, an' I'll oomo back for you av;I said ;' and oft hoAlnrtedforthobarn. I wan up that minute an' into my warm things, in spite of Mis' Bmitli try in' to slop mo, an' when ha drovo round an' coma in I jest walked to the door. 'No, you don't,' 1m eaye, nnd jest look mo up an' laid ma on Iho bed an' run. 'What got into mo thon I couldn't toll: tlio Lord carried mr. along, 1 reckon. Any way, I run loo, Mis' Bmilli after me, an' Hiram jost drivin' off, an' Uioro I stuck to the runnor and wouldn't lei go. Hiram was pal' as a ghost, an' 'most cryin', nn' ho nays, ' I'or the Lord's nuke, go back, Maiviny,1 an' I say*. ' I'or tlio Lord's sake I won't,' an1 josl crawled up into llio buffaloes alnngsido o' him. 'Tlicro's ono chanco in a million of your gettin' Micro alive,' ha sayn, 'an', if you're hound to no on that one, we'll try it, that's all ;' an' off wo want. ' Well, wheUfnr 'twas Iho motion, or tho air awny from that air-tight, or carryin' the p'ini, I couldn't tell, but I grow more an' more chirk with every inilo. I oat quito a dinner, an' step' nil night, an' Hiram bo jest kopt still an' waited. I knew ha was waitin'. But wo got through fit hist, an' into those very pine woods boginnin' at Crow Wing. I (miffed 'cm an' knew lifo was in 'em if it was anywheres. Whon Hiram drove up before the camp, an1 Smith, Iho overseer, como out, bo lookod a minute, an' then swore right out 1 Be you lurnln' into, a ? fool at your timo 0' lifo, to bo bringin' a dead woman into camp ha says. But I knew I wasn't anywheres near dyin', an' Hmitli knows it too,— now. I'd give a sight if ho wasn't below. Uo's so contented to have mo around again, ho says ho don't caro it ho never stir from hero tho rest of our lives; an' I'm sura I don't an' wouldn't. I walk under them pines, an' rnncll 'cm deep in, an' I says, ' Here's your life-elixir, an' no mistake,' an' if folks knew it they wouldn't die in . littlo close rooms, but oomo out under 'cm. I was always a maslcr- liand for out-floors, an' ho helps along tbo bouse-work, ao't wo can garden together, an' Shahwcah docs what ho an' mo ain't a mind to. Mostly as long as day-light lasts I putter round outside; an' I ain't sure but what I shall be an old woman yet, even if I hain't but a piece of a lung left. ' As f or tham men, yon never boo twenty fellows moro set on bain' agrcaablo than they was. For all h'avin' to whisper, I always managed to mako 'cm hear, an' I did odds »n . ends for 'cm an' sung, an' one night I even danood; an1 1 nmat had a more sociable win ter. I thought ho'd bo a loetlo lonesome when thoy went below ; bat he tokos a right . of comfort in tho Tribune,— we've had it from . the beginnin',— an' he don't seem to mini one mite. I always read cpasid'able, an' . I go over an1 over the few books we've got, an' find somethin' new every time. And I cxpeoT you'll laugh when I tell rod. the only thing that ever mokes me lonesome or skeery. 'Tain't Injins: I don bob but what they're folksy, enough, .when you git over their blankets. It's loom. I say they're lho lone Bomost thing in natur' an' , when they holler I jost crawl, all over. Bnt' (hen I can .git along even with them. An' now I'd like to know how you oome hare, an' all about it, , every word; but I'm dreadful sorry ho airj't to home.' - ? f ?:-'?'? ' *- ? : ; '''?. ,-t- ; ': .-. ??:,? ? - Tirs foUoiringUicopj of iportnl card written ' to Lott* byowc* AaStk'ndwAlgirU: VBeauU «all^-4)o,mr)pl«i6m»m,?glre«niftiiie« : . aiwlpUy^Bob'initfcu.'BottaiiydriutJrU . want dreadfully to mo jM,tml -*n* «t |S at a - , time in pin money. Dji»#TB»iii»aneo,»,nfr/. «^OTe,lJutdodM*OTwoddharetta«mBrt bouse od .record. Mow, won't to, nasodia, . glorious, JaUjr, roUaUiie^siinUiBg,«arUafc14ie'vI witching; I^rrbcnyo7h^&«5p8 1- ? HKnlMUnl BOIHKIl RUU TOO DmwBjfKn HuJltHin. - wt'tte UD. at Iho oper* *^'^-J*tHm . ? ;. inqrina*** 'tew.' ?T*e jWrtodork «fcr*# . :-r -?:;- hnmsU buk'and ttnuAM Hut hi WM-at *»t ? - -.;??; werrta.. 'im, bat I not tia^pattAmm ? ? :'j one,?. wo* tto. reply. Tho r«ng num-iWeni- -oil -I ;?,?;?] ^a^^tthV«iat*U«UuiSBi ^|*Myi-l \:-';£ J tout ha'wmibe»»»Blrt;U^t-'ii«UsW}*W,-:---i;.-J TOftreaw.aureiU'tH.uto.' loJumfMa*^-:?, J NimhWang from the back seat. f'A ^j ?-...''? ?'?'-? '??.'.''i'fZ.^^'i^i- 