TALES AND SKETCHES; ' OF HIGH DEGREE. . A STORY Bt CH,VRLE3 'GirjB0Ni Author of "Robin Guat, "A H" pR0D. lim," "in HoNODB boonil j "quken op IHE .Meadow," "The Bra qr yauhow etc. CHATTER XXIj Sr0KEN at Last. Sbo had scon \acQ coming towards ths house, and knew jj0 woui<j u0 jQ the room in a moment. Yet ho Was there beside her before she tliowgni r,0 could hnvo had time to reach tho ball de'.u-. His baud was on her shoulder— the 'olcod was tingling in her cheeks, and \- throbbing in her brain, making her giddy. 'She was trembling and yet sho was warm ; she was delirious and yet his touch soothed her. . . He was going to speak ; instinct told her' ' what he was going-to eay, and she was half afraid to hear it now that it was on his tongue. I have been very blind Dahlia. . .You .have been with me through this time 'of \- bitterest trial, and have -been my best com- orter. That makes yon dear to mo as no other woman evcrcatibo now." She elapsed his band, and' her head rested on his arm. . She conld not sfieak.. " Wo are fellow-snfforers, aWd I hnro been unawares the cause of much pain to you. Do you thinkyoucan forgive that in looking for .ward to the years l shall devote to the en ' /deavor to make you happy?'.1., Along, sweet pause, and then sho with her eyesdosedas-if fearful that the ecskicy which -was thrilling through her would' suddenly /.'/change to pain if she dared to lookup, or more f';4. or breathe, said softly : j', '''Yes." Then he stopped and kissed her. , . That was all, No need of explanation be /, 'tween them. Everything was understood,and she lay iu his arms his betrothed wife. , Neither quite realised the position yot ; but . ' both felt happy ; he becauso he experienced that most delicious ,of. all eensations— the -/knowledge that ho. bad been able to bring . sunshine into.ono sad life ; she because sbo loved him passionately, and knew that he was now all Jier o\yn— her .owiimpre completely than be could have been in her jealous eyes if 'She had won him whilst Ruth lived. Presently she opened her eyes, and with a / fcaied look cried — ; " Ob, Stephen, I have been ho wicked I'1 " Bush/ ho said, gently ;/ We havo for gotten all that. Weehutoor eyea upon tho pact, and we two join hands to go ont into the ,t great future in .quest of 'the. treasure happi -neie. . . \- Vehall we find it, do you think? ; - "Some say that it is never found in tbi /'world; others say ' that we can only get . glimpses of it. Somo again cry out that they i . posseea it ; others that they have never known ' it and never hopo to know it. The wiser ' ' people say that happiness, like water, has one level, and everybody has an equal share." . . "I am very happy," she said, closing her eyes again as if to realise it the better. "I," too, am happy since you are so." \ Another pause, once more broken suddenly by her: f "And now you know what was the matte with me that timo you asked me, and, you know why I coold not answer. I loved you and was miserable I couuld not comfort you enough." I < ' - ?But, indeed, yon did comfort me, Dahlia and I have been always grateful to you." "Aye, grateful, but .... there I musn't speak of that. But we are to' forget the past— all tho past and some day, yon will perhaps— there again,' she cried, laughing at her own joyons forget- fulness, "bow greedy I am. You willb angry with me, and bo wearied with me, be cause I will bo so eager to have all your life a part of mine." - - " And it shall be all yours now." The new3 went through tho household as i; there bad been a telephone at everybody's ear and it 6ped almost as fast throughout the dis trict, Stephen Meredith and Dahlia "Whit- combe were to be married iu June. , "A good match for him," said the gossips, \- "and she has a tidy fortune, too. He is a lucky fellow, young Meredith, I always knew t .would be a match." The Derewood girls were' in' ecstasies, and » immediately overhead in the agreeable troubles of dressmaking and millinery. Jim ehrugged his shoulders and would have /nothing to say in the matter further than : ... "I thought Steve was in for it, poor chap; "Well, she's a good eort," And that was a great admission for him to . make. Both Stephen and Dahlia agreed that the wedding aheuld be entirely private, and, much to the chagrin of Juliet and Constance . especially, it was settled that there shonld be ' . . no guests except Mr. Bassnett and Mr. Rapier, . who wero both in the manner representatives of Dahlia's ado ted father the still absent Mr Dottridge. The latter had left fnll directions regarding settlements, so that Stephen was spared the necessity ot having to intefere in ... regard to them. One-half the lady's fortune \- was secured to herself and children — if any , . the other half was left free for joint use of husband and wife. Dahlia was very busy, but what appeared . remarkable to everyone was that sbo Bhowed . scarcely any interest in that most important item of a woman's career, the bridal dress. She insisted that it should be quite plain, and that was all she cared about it. ' Her private thought was that she wouli \- like Stephen to feel from the beginning tha although she had been fond of dress sho had .: in that respect as in others, grcatty changed. He was pleased ; for he did like simple and -plain attire for women as well as men. Ruth was the model always in his mind's eye fo dress and everything else. Perhaps Dahlia remembored that, for she was moat anxious to please him. ' A bright sanny day in Juno, and the little party drove quietly to the church. The old vicar, Mr Arnold, officiated. But quiet as they wished to be, there was a crowd of people from the town and the surrounding hamlets to watch tho bridal party, and toe children of the laborers on the Derewood farms strewed flowers along the bride's path. At lost the words which made thora one were epoken— nothing coold part them now. The crowd cheored as they paBsed from the church to the carriages and as they drove away. . = : On reaching Derewood Grange Mr Bassnett, > \ who was quite juvenile in his festivo attire and " in the ennehine, offered formal congratulations to the bride and bridegroom in the namoef Mr Dottridge. "Although we know nothing about where .ho is," said Bassnett, " his arrangements are \- so marvellously complete that he had even prepared for this event... I have tho greatest pleasure in handing yon this bit of good news, Meredith; on this joyful occasion. ' Stephen opened the letter which was handed to him and fonod that it was a formal in timation from Bassnett that all tho mortgages \- held by Mr Dottridge over the estates ol Dero- wood Grange wore cancelled. This was good news indeed. By one stroke of the pon bis cousin had made him an indo pendent man. ' "But how oan I accept this from him S" he 1 exclaimed, inamazement. ' "By remembering that He is your relative, < and that you have married tho lady ho adopted as his daughter," answered the lawyer, cheor fully. "It ought to help yon . to bo . all tho merrier on your marriape day.' . .. < "I told you that Dahlia would bring good fqrtuno," whispered Mrs Meredith with tours of pride and joy in her oyer. "No more thought of a sale now, Stophon !" "No, mother, but this seems almost too good to bo true." "Yon must remember that Mr Dottridge owed somothiug for his start in lifo to your atber." "Thou bo has amply repaid it to the son, But it is a strange business," Strange it might bo but it was only part , of the strango conduct of au eccentric man, and it certainly mado Stephen's heart lighter on this bright day. Tho usual ceremonials, which arc irksomo to everybody except mothers-in-law and young Indies, wero observed with all duo formality, at tho luncheon. Mr Bassnett proposed tho "happy pair," and wandered into such ilowdry languago as woutd Iinvo cost biiu ovcry cliont he bad if he hail bceu ovsrhoard. Mr Rapior was charming about tho 1 idles and tho whole duty, of man to marry. Juliet declared she never had heard anyone speak "so beautiful !" To that Jim said "Bosh! Why don't ho marry bimsolf whon ho thinks it such a fine thing ?" The young misogynist was not to bo re formed even by the spectnc(oof a woddiugv When they had run tho gauntlett of all tho old shoes in the houso, and got fairly away, Stephen placed his arm rouud Dahlia's . waist, whisiwring— "My wife." . ' She was quite startled by .this brief but eloquent address— the most eloquent to which she had ever listened. " Wc have begun our journey,'.' ho went on, ."under very farorablo conditions. Wo have iortuno in our hands and at our feet, and it depends upon ourselves whether the journey is a pleasant one or not. I cannot conjure upthe ghost of any shadow that might cross our way, "Nor can I," was tho gleeful smiling re sponse; "and we will try not to make one. There cannot be one ; so long as we are true to each other, nothing can hurt us," And wo shall be true." That was a little second service; and both remembered it afterwards. I The shadow was cloeer to them than tboy would. havo believed bad a prophet told tbcm, They were going north, and thoir .first halt was mado at York. In the hotel, whilst Stephen waa waiting for Dahlia to complete , her toilet for dinner, he picked up a news paper, with no intention to road. but merely from habit. His eyes rested on this para graph "Aiuelancholy relic of tho ill-fated Eucalyp tus, which foundered at sea some six mouths ngo, has beon washed ashore. It Is a wooden box bearing this inscription : "Ruth Clark, passenger to Sydney per Eucalyptus. The box has been forwarded to tha agents of Dottridge and Co. at Sydney, and will do ibtlcss be transmitted by them to England,, to be de livered to the friends of tho unfortunate lady." Stephen laid down the paper as his.wifo entered the room. (To be continued). 