LAU NCESTON EXAMIN E R. PUBLIBHED DAILY. T?IURSPDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1882. ONCE mor thie annual notice is given to llpersons who are qualified to vote as electors for either branch of the Legisla ture, but whose names are not upon the electoral rolls, to send in their claims to the returning oflicers of their electoral districts before the 24th N1ovember, and we hope more attention will be paid to the matter by those who are most interested than has been the case in past years. The charge is often made against Tasmanians of political apathy, of not sufficiently ap preciating their electoral privileges and availing themselves of them to protect their own interests, of not making the persons elected to Parliament representa tives as well as members for their several districts-inshort, of neglecting the means whereby they might practically rule the colony through the ballot box. Unfortu nately there is too much truth in the charge. Electors who are indifferent to their political interests make members who are careless of the interests of their constituents, and careless members mean careless legislation, the success of political intrigue and wire-pulling, and detriment to the best interests of the colony. It is true that of late years the people have ex hibited some indications of shaking off some of their political sloth, but there Is still much room for improvement in both electors and elected. We can point to constituencies whose members' tastes and interests are directly opposed to tlhose of their constituents, or con stituencies where the electors have never o?En seen the face of their member, and where the member is equally ignorant of the wishes, wants, and requirements of his district.; where session after session passes by without the constituency ever demanding from their member an account of his stewardship, or the member over seeking to render that account to hisecon stituents. Whore such a state of aflhirs as this exists--and'wo are presenting no overdrawn picture-such districts are virtually disfranchised and might just as well be without the barren honiour of returning a member to Parliament. But where, either in the present or the past, such a condition of affairs as we have sketched has existed, who is to blame ? In this instance the blame cannot be laid on the shoulders of the Government, but must rest solely upon the people them solves. If every man valued his political rights as he should do, if every man felt that he was a living unit of the political fabric, and used every opportunity of exercising his political rights, he would soon discover that he had more weight and influence than he previously imagined; that his vote and support would be sought after; that members of Parliament would pay more attention than they now do to the wishes and wants of their constituents; and that sooner than lose their seats at the next election, or suffer the disgrace of being called upon to resign as unfaithful to the trust re posed in them, members would exert themselves a little more than they now do to secure equality and justice, and to re move some of the anomalies and inequali ties which now exist in the administration of government in this colony. It will be many years before we can hope to see the political privileges of the people of Tas mania valued as they should be; but the people must learn that if they will not look after their own affaira they cannot expect others to take much interest in them. - Were it not for the political apathy of those most interested, we should not witness at the present time 55,000 residents at one end of the island having nearly one.third more representation in the Legislative Council than 60,000 at the other end, or find that in the Assembly 34,000 in the country districts of the south have pre cisely the same number of members as 47,000 in the north. A more equitable distribution of representation would be insisted upon than to give districts with a populatiqn of 3000 and 4000 absolute equality in'the Council with districts con taining 6000, 8000, and even 14,000, and in the Assembly, togivedistricts with only 1000, 1400 and 1700 residents precisely the same share in the government of the colony as others with 4000 and 5000. But such a state of affairs is the fault of the people alone, just as it has been that, while one district has had a polling place appointed in every corner where four or five electors could be found, electors in other districts have been left witllout a polling-place nearer than 40 and 60 miles. Tile real power of thie State is vested by law in the hlands of the people, but if the bulk of the people are too apathletic to exercise tIheir privileges and are content to play the part of dummies, while the few who are alive to theoir own interests pull the wires and run tile whole machine of government, the drones have no right to blame anyone but thunmselveso if they find, as is sure to be tihe case, themselves and their interests neglected. We have heard a great deal of talk in Parliament and out of Parliament during h the last few years respecting the value of our mineral resources and the mining it population, and there can be no doubt tl that these two have saved the colony tl from astate verging on bankruptcy, and V raised it to a condition of progress and prosperity. But it is notorious that the ol only mining district whose real interests w are properly looked after in Parliament is 0 the West Coast, and that the mining t population is virtually disfranchised. Yet A we find every important claim and mine in S the colony assessed on tlhq valuation roll of C its"ilistrict for roal and police rates, often pretty stiffly, but mining property is the L only property upon the assessment of 5 which electoral representation is not given. I The reason- for-" this is that mines are isually held by a company or a co-opera tive party, and consequently no one in particular is entitled to claim electoral r franchise on the basis of such assessment. 7 The Mount Bischoff Company's assess- n ment for 1881 amounts on 13 different properties to over £1600, but the tenant of the humblest cottage valued at £7 I1 per annum has greater electoral a representation than this or any b dthor mining property in the" colony. u It would not be hard to find a remedy a for this state of affairs, by merely defin- t, ing, for instance, that the legal or mining a manager, secretary, or chairman of direc tors, should be entitled to claim a vote b on such assessment, but nothing has ever been done, no effort even has been made n to deal with tho question. We venture a to predict, however, that if the West a Coast proves a permanent mining district, this subject will he looked after before v long by those interested in it, for the residents of Hobart and the south b generally.nare far more alive to their own L interests in political matters than the northern residents. For this there are t many reasons, some of them not very 0 creditable, and we should be sorry to t witness political spirit awakened in the t north merely by the discovery that a vote a could be used as a marketable coma- P modity, and that it was desirable from a business point of view to get up a con tested election. But apart from this, the ii fact remains that there is far more political energyin the south than in the north, and the consequence is that the representatives of the southern districts 7 look after the interests of their constitu- I ents far better than some of the members t -we cannot call them representatives- for the northern districts. In the south, even if a member is returned unopposed, 1 he seeks an opportunity of explaining Ihis political views to his constituents, and of thanking them for the confidence reposed in him. In the north, thanks to the I apathy of the constituents, members do not always think it necessary to take even this much trouble. We hope, however, that the apathy of c the past will have taught some valuable c lessons, and that in the future we shall annually find the people valuing their political privileges more highly, and seek ing to turn them to practical and profit. able account. \Ve purposely avoided attaching any comments to Mr. O. B. II. Fenton's letter, which appeared in our last, lest lhe should find in it another proof of unfairness, though liko its predecessors it contained many statements that seemed to challenge refutation. He accuses us of havingl im pugned his motives, words, and actions, and sought to bring ridicule upon his l honest endeavours fairly worked out. But Mr. Fenton must remember that lhe chose to become the champion of the l Wynyard route, which we condemned from the momnent that it was suggested. All his communications on the subject have been published intact, and in com menting on them we have never exceeded the limits of legitimate criticism, at the same time we have not overlooked the fact that he was an extensive road con tractor and that he owns considerable property at Table Cape. It certainly i is not our fault that we have i never been able to see even the slightest advantage in the Wynyard route. We have always proclaimed the fact that it does not possess a single ad vantage, but in every respect is interior to the Penguin route, and hence our un alterable hostility to it. Our only desire is to see that course adopted which shall be beat for the public at large and not merely benefit a few at the expense of the many, and the latter would be the case if travellers were compelled to go round two sides of a triangle instead of one side only. The report of the Select Committee is a Parliamentary curiosity. The Committee admit that the Penguin route has a slight advantage as to gradient and cost of con struction; that it would be best for passen gers and light trafic; tohat the cost of carriage of heavy goods from Waratalh to the coast by either route would be 1 about the same, but as a matter of fact with a railway to Einu Bay there would be no heavy goods traffic on either; bit they think the Inglis is a better shipping port than the Penguin, which, however, they believe will be but I little used as the Leoven will be the chief port, and they do not deny that the Leven is a better port than the Inglis ; but as thlere might be possible claims for compensation for passing through the V. D. L. Company's land, "on the whole your Committee recommend the adoption of the Wynyard route." We repeat what we said as soon as the report was published, that the concluding recom mondation is utterly at variance not only with tlhe evidence but withl the conclu aions at which the Committee confessed I they had arrived. On theirown showing there was but little to choose between the two routes, but that little was on- ' doubtedly in favour of the Pengnin Loven, yet they selected the other. The people of Waratah doubtless want a road to the coast, and they I would .have preferred the Pen guin route had they not felt that it I was hlopeless to expect it as Ministerial influenco would be dead against it. We happen to know that this view was held ' by the directors of the Bischoff Company, and this may possibly account for the exertions of some of its employes. Possi. I bly the time may come when two roads will be needed-one going to Wynyard, but a steamer will hlave to trade direct I between that place and Melbourne before that will bo necessary. Our article of 17th inst. was elicited by the rejection of the Wynyard route by the Houose of 1 Assembly, and even if there had been less provocation for it the objection .comes ] with exceedingly bad grace from Mr. Fenton who, when he supposed that the report of the Select Committee secured to his party a victory, wrote with an attempt at very qouestionable humour-" Why do the lheathen rage and the people imagine a vain thing 1" If persons assume the 1 aggressive they must be prepared for rejoinders, even if the latter sometimes 1 pierce a little deeper than is agreeable. CesTroms RETURNS. -- The Customs duities collected at the ports of Hobart and Launceuton for the quarter ending Sept. 30 were as follows :-Hobart, I £f31,123; Launcoston, £42,211. ROYAL COLONIAL INSTITUOT. - We have to thank the hen. Chief Secretary I for a copy of "Proceodings of the Royal t Colonial Institute" for 1881-2. Amongst e its contents are several valuable papers that were read beofore the Institute, with r the discussions that followed, to some of r which we may take an opportunity to i refer. CRICKET.-The Launcoston Club will r open the season on Saturday afternoon I with a match between an eleven and an i eighteen, chosen from members of the r Club. The following are the respective teams.:-Eloven-J. R. Atkinson, Mi. fMartin, W. Martin, F. 0. Hobkirk, L. Same, E. Lucas, G. Lawrence, W. Croft, 0\. G. Douglas, D. J. Thomas, and W. H. Savigny. Eighteen-J. Mf. Martin, R. Sams, D. Cow, W. Lawrence, P. Cowper, UI. Cowper, A. Spotswood, W. Hill, J. Westbrook, W. Birchall, L. Horne, C. Horne, IT. Lakin, A. Hlarrison, Edwards, Burton, R. Easther, J. Sale, P. Barnes. Play will commence at two sharp. M- MsoNIc.-The brethren of St. John's Lodge, 340, I.C., will meet at the lodge room, Cameron-street, this evening, at 7"30 o'clock, for dispatch of business, when visiting brethren are invited. LOYAL CORNWALL ANNIVERSARY.-The ' anniversary of the Loyal Cornwall Lodge, LO.O.F., was celebrated by a ball atithe Mechanics' Institute last evening. The 1 affair was a great sucess, about 50 couples being present, and dancing was kept up I until an early hour this morning, P.P.G. r Edwarls and Bro. Whatmore acting as masters of ceremonies. The room was tastefully decorated with flags, flowers, and shrubs, and presented a most at tractive appearance. The music was sup. olied by Mlessrs. Scott and Brown's band, WEST TAMAR REu'TTA.-Thia event will be hold at Rosevears on November 9, and from the published programmes we ascertain that seven races in all, includ ing a pedestrian contest, will be open for competition. Tihe entries close on No vember 6, at Rosevear's Hotel. THE Exalser MAILS.-It will be seen by our telegrams that the R. M. S. S. Peshawur, with the Eriglish mails via Brindisi, to September 25, which left Colombo on the 14th for Australia, re turned to port on the 1lth in consequence of a collision at sea with the bark Glen roy, which was the worse injured of the two, and was towed back to Colombo by the Peshawur. The P. and O. Co.'s agents have, however, acted with great promptitude, as the steamer was repaired, surveyed, and despatched on her voyage again by Tuesday, 24th inst. She may be expected to reach Albany on November 4; in which case the Tasmanian portion of the mails should arrive here on Novem ber 11, nine days only behind contract time. EVANDALE SUBscRIPTIox LInAsnY. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Evandale Library will be held at 4 p.m. to-day. LAUNcESTON 11USIOAL UNION. - We remind members of the full rehearsal of " IL Trovatore" which will be held at the Town Hall this evening. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The usual weekly Committee meeting was held yesterday afternoon at the Town Hall, when there were present :-Messrs. E. L. Ditcham (Chairman), G. Bsbington, T. H. Urquhart, J. Tulloch, W. R. Bar wood, J. Stephenson, G. Baker, A. W. Birchall, and the Secretary. Tihe relief roll was called over, and the minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Two applications for relief were allowed to stand over until en quiries relative to the applicants have been made, and one recipient of aid was struck off the roll. A donation of five shillings as a baptismal thanks offering, and another of ten shillings from a friend, were received and acknowledged with thanks. This was all the business, and the meeting terminated. MR. ELI JoeIINsoN.-This temperance advocate will deliver a lecture in the Longford Assembly Room to- night. CAMPBELL TowN HosPrITA.-Mr. O. W. Lothbridge, honorary treasurer of the Campbell Town Hospital, acknowledges the receipt of £54, the result of the col lections in the several churches of the district on the 8th inst., in aid of the institution. DEATHt IN THE GAOL.-An old man named James Fleming died in the gaol last evening. An inquest will be held at the Police-oflice, before H. T. A. Murray, Esq., coroner, at noon to-day. SERVICE OF SONO.-A. service of sacred song, entitled "Eva," will be given in the St. Leonards Institute this evening. RECEIVED -Weo have received the first numberof the Atcstraliane Brewers' Jouse nal, a new venture started in Melbourne by Messrs. Lawrence and O'Farreoll in the interests of the brewing trade, from whom it should receirve a fair measure of support. \--Thre Aust,alian COhurchman for October 10 is to hand, and contains a good deal about the appointment of a Bishop of Sydney. HosPITAL SUNDAY IN VICTORIA. - The praiseworthy practice adopted in Victoria of setting aside one Sunday in each year on which to make special col lections at all the churches throughout the colony, without respect to denomina tional differences, towards the support of the various hospitals in the colony, has now reached its tenth year, the collec tions for the past nine years aggregating £48,34110s Gd. Last Sunday was Hos pital Sunday, and from the bMel bourne papers to hand by the Flinders yesterday we learn that the amount collected in Melbourne alone was £4,238 15s ld, while Ballarat contri buted £411 17s, and Castlemaine £25, the smallness of tile latter sum being ac counted for by the inclemency of tihe weather. The total collected last year was £6,983 10s, and although the full returns from the various country districts have not yet come in there is every pros pect that they will give a better.result than that for 1881, the Melbourne receipts alone showing an increase of over £700. THue cIELBORNE CoUP.--The s. s. IMangana, which sailed yesterday morn ing for MIelbourne, took an unusually large number of passengers-over 200 in all-the majority of whom proceed to Melbourneo to witness the running for the Melbouno Cup which takes place at Flemington on Tuesday. Thie wharf was crowded to see tihe departure of the steamer, the decks of which were thronged with passengers. Esc passant the thought came painfully forward what the result of an accident must be, as the vessel's boats .would not carry more than one-fourth of her passengers in ease of need. INQUEST.-An inquest was hold at tihe Police Court at noon yesterday touching the death of Joseph Smith alias John Williams, an inmate of the Launceston gaol, who had died the provious day. From the evidence of MIr. William Miller, under-gaoler in the above estab lishment, it appeared tlhat docoased was admitted into gaol on February last, under sentence of two years' imprison. ment, since which time he had been under medical treatment in tihe gaol hospital. Tile visiting surgeon of the gaol, Dr. L G. Thompson, deposed that deceased had been almost constantly under his treat ment during hIis confinement in the prison, and on Sunday evening he visited deceased, who was then in a very low con. dition; he rallied, howerover, under treat. mont, but sank again, dying at noon on Tuesday. Deceased's ago was given as 73 years, which the doctor thought was about the correct one. He wavs of opinion that deceased died from debility, cons. qusnt on heart disease; his pulse had been feeble, as is usual'in persons suffering from fatty degeneration of the heart. The Coroner summed up, saying that tihe inquest was merely a formal afair, the deceased having been an old man who had beon ailing for years, and the jury brought in a verdict that deceased died from natural causes, namely, disease of the Ihoart. INVALID DEPOT.-A very pleasing core mony took place yesterday at the close of the weekly service hold there under the auspices of the Town Mission. Miss Kessie Davies, who has acted as organist at the mission services held at the Depot, and who has always manifested a lively interest in the welfare of thq old men, was presented with a handsome volume of Wordaiworth'a poems. The presen tation was made by Mr. A. Jones, Super intendentof the Depot, in the name of, and on behalf of the old men, and ex pressing his own earnest desire for her future welfare and happiness. Mr. Mar shall, Town Missionary, also presented her with a beautiful volume of sacred soeng with music, and convoyed to her his sincere thanks for the willing help she haI rendered to him in carrying on these services. Miss Davies, who is deservedly popular with the old people for her many works of love amongst them, carries with her to her now home the best wishes and prayers of all who have been associated with her in this work. AquATrC.--Tho American papers state that in August last Hanlan delivered a brief address to the locomotive engineers assembled in the Grand Opera House at Toronto, Canada, in the course of which he referred to Wallace Ross and rowing matters in the following terms :-" I have been ill this summer, and I shall not be fit to show what I really can do. I will neither row the best nor the poorest sculler till next year, and I am now pro pared to make as many matches for next year as there are scullers in the world. I have never yet had the pleasure of putting forth all my strength on a race, and I want to get one big match on with Wallace Ross for 5000 dollars, or as much as he can raise. When next I row a man, if he should beat me 1 want to be able to take him by the hand and say 'You are a better man than I am."' Hanlan concluded by remarking that he might go to Australia, as they wanted to see the man who had beaten.Trickett. If lie had a lot of matches on with 'Trickett he would icoon be able to build many hotels on the island. TeA MEETINO AT ST. LEONARDS. The anniversary of the St. Leonards Wesleyan Church was celebrated at that place on Tuesday evening by a tea and publio meeting, there being a good at tendance, about 100 persons partaking of tes at 6030. In the evening a public meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church, C~pt.Wyrill, of the bark Borean, occupying the chair. Mr. A. Cook, the church steward, read the annual report, which was a most satisfactory one, after which addresses were delivered by Rove. J. H. Wills (Church of England); D. Annear (Wesleyan); and Mr. Shropshall, Wesleyan Town Missionary. Mr. F. Sianfield proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies' for having provided the excellent spread, which was seconded by Mr. R. Gee and carried by acclamation, a similar tribute being voted to Mr. Stanfield and the choir,.whose efforts had materially added to the evening's enjoyment. A vote of thanks to the Chairman ter minated the meeting. TuEATRIcAL.-At the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, the melodrama " Youth " has been revived with an exceptionally strong cast. Mr. George Rignold, of course, appears in his old part of the hero, Frank Darlington, and Messrs. J. F. Cathcart, H. E. Walton, and J. R. Grevillo are also in the cast. The "Vagabond's" play, " No Mercy," has been transferred from the boards of the Theatre Royal to the Bijou, and Mlr. and Mrs. Polk are still performing at the Theatre Royal. " Boccaccio" still forms the attraction at the Opera flouse. In Sydney, Miss Pomeroy has finished her season, after appearing as "Hamlet" at the Gaiety Theatre in that city. She was supported by Mr. W. J. Holloway, who performed the part of the Ghost of Hamlet's father, and a strong com pany. A Sydney comic weekly journal, in its criticism of the performance, regrets that Mr. Holloway did not undertake the character of " Ophelia," but at the some time asserts that the manner in which he pourtrayed the buried majesty of Denmark and left the audience spell bound, whilst he appeared to consider whether he " would scratch his right leg with his left too" or vice versa, was a huge process. All who remember Mr. W. J. Holloway here willknow he is not the kind of man who would enjoy such criticism, no matter in how good natured a spirit it was given. From the same journal we learn that the irrepres. sible "Billy Wilson," who, it will be re collected, visited this town with the Georgia Minstrels some four years since, has written a burlesque on Gilbert and Sullivan's opera "The Pirates of Pen zance," which is to be produced in Syndey. Billy is the possessor of the largest amount of mouth at present travelling about the colonies, and is at present one of the corner men of the "Mastodon Min strels." Miss Annie Mayor, the well known young Australian actress, who for some time past has been suffering frorix congestion of the brain, the effect of over study, las completely lost her reason. It is about four years since that Miss Mayor made her debut and gave promise of be coming one of the leading colonial ac tresses. THE WEATHER IN VICTORIA. - We learn from the Argus that the recent warm and dry weather, which has caused great damage to the crops in alnost all parts of the colony, was broken on the 20th by an agreeable change. Around Melbourne rain commenced to fall at an early hour in the morning, and a s(teady but light downpour continued until after noon. Shortly before 1 o'clock an ex tremelyheavy downfall "occurred, whlich in a few moments flooded all the lower portions of the streets. The rainfallalso extended to many parts of the colony, and promisol to be general. In some localities it will save the crops, but in one or two districts they have been so irrepar ably injured by the recent early drouglht that nothing can now save them. The damsand waterholes in several *localities greatly needed a good rainfall to replenish them. The intercolonial weather report of the 20th showed that the rain had ceased in almost all Western Queensland. There was a slight fall at Roma, probably an extension of the coastal rains reported in our own telegrams from Queensland. Slight rain and dull weather was reported from some Riverinastations. A very heavy rainfall followed by flood had occurred at Richmond, New South Wales, and tlere was promise of heavy rain at Adelaide. Toe NEW' NosENeATURE I& TILE BRITISaI ARMY.-" As I predicted," says "Atlas" in the IWorld "the now long winded names of regiments are giving endless trouble in Egypt; even to those who hlavolearnt the lesson they are most confusing. At home it was easy to refer to an Army List andi examine the tables; but the process is rather roundabout and diflicult on active service. 1 observe tleat the Press, withl one exception, lhas given up the new nomenclature as altogether impossible. The one exception is tile Times, which has always warmly and blindly supported the change. Sir Garnet, too, I observe, in his despatches is care ful to speak of the 'York and Lancaster Regiment' and the ' \VWest Kent.' althlough thleir old titles of 84th and 50thl would be much shorter acd better understood." LAUNcESTON POICE 'COuRT. - There was a clean sheet at the Police Court yesterday morning. APreICcTIOcB are invitsed from personas com. patent snd willeng to undertake the duties of Inspector of Stock and Superintendent of the Launceston Slaughter Yards. APPLrecATIONS are invited from persons willing to undertake the dutlsn of Reaildent Socretary to the Australian Widows' Fuend Life Assurance Society in Tasmania. bORE LIOrIIT.-If you want a good steady lighlt to read or work by, try the Bismark Lamp with PATEN burner and shade.--F HAnT, Brtabane.streot-(Adv t.) 