NEWS AND NOTES. The corespondence per R.M.S. Ravenna will reach Ballarat by first train this morning, and delivery will be effected by letter carriers leav ing the Post Office at 11.30 a.m. An important telegram from our Melbourne correspondent appears in another column. It will be seen that a Ministerial crisis is immi nent, and that his Excellency the Governor has promised to grant the Ministry a dissolu tion,' contingent upon another want of confi dunce motion being brought forward. The main points of the political situation are stated in the telegram. The civil sittings in connection with the Ballarat. Assize Court will commence this morning. As previously announced, his Honour Mr Justice Qolroyd will preside. From what wu stated at the'meeting of the Miners’Association on Saturday evening. Mr Henry Costin, the mining machinery merchant, appears to be anything but a favourite with the working miners of Ballarat. Some few week back, at a special meeting held to consider the advisability of voting a sum of money to Milne, Taylor and party, to defend a lawsuit in which Mr Costin was plaintiff, the members appeared very diesatis tied at the action Mr Costin was about to pursue.’ At the conclusion of the business they groaned him. Mr Milne, one of the party meutioued, is still, it appears, in the power of the machinery merchant, who makes ready use of the lair to obtain what he considers his rights. Iccording to what was stated on Saturday evening, Mr Costin last week sold Mr Milne out'of house and home. The un fortunate man is, with bis. wife and family, it appears, in a pitiable con dition; He,'’however, refuses to accept any assistance from'the Miners* Association pend* ingan enquiry into bis case. A special en quiry is to b# held in a fortnight’s time. It was unanimously decided on Saturday evening to expunge Mr Coatin’s name from the list of honorary members of the Ballarat Miners’ Association. | .We hear thit it is the intention of the many friends of Mr Theo. Williams, the present respected Miyor of Ballarat' East, to request , himself to be nominated, as a candidate fcr a seat in the Legis lative Assembly, as one of the representatives of Ballarat East. It will be remembered that at the last general election an effort was made to bring him forward, but at the time it was thought that he was too late in coming into the field to her successful. Wa also bear that no fewer than three of the present members of the town council are anxious to come forward as candidates fur a seat iu the same constitu ency. According to Saturday evening’s Herald there Is no time to lose, as a dissolution may be at baud, j A case of “chucking out” occurred at the meeting of the Ballarat Miners’ Association on Saturday' night. While the business of the meeting was being transacted, an Intoxicated individual in the hall made frequent interrup tions. The president of the association re quested the man to abstain from interrupting the proceeding", but ho paid no attention to the official entreaties. After the inebriate bad made himself obnoxious for a further time, two or three stalwart miners lifted him off his logs and landed him on the footpath outside the ball. The offender was said not to be a member of the association. The board appointed to enquire into the alleged breaches of discipline preferred by Captain Musgrove, of the Ballarat Rangers, against Private Rebfisch, of the same corps, eat at the Orderly-room on Saturday evening. After a few witnesses had been examined, the board adjourned for further enquiry until 7 o’clock this owning; The fluctuations which take place in the price of mining shares have long been a matter of comment among those persons who take an interest in tho share market trans actions. Fortunes have been mads and lost in mining speculations. A well-known resi dent of Grenvilleshiro on Friday related a little of what be bad,experienced in mining trans- The gentlemen .referred to held shares in three or four claims working on the line of the Grand Trunk Lead. When about to proceed on a trip to the old country he was. offered the sum of £4OOO for his interest in the mines in question. ‘ The offer, was refused, and the shareholder set out on his voyage to the Land 6* Cakes. While the investor was absent bis agent paid the sum of £lOOO in calls, and when the tourist arrived' again in the colony all he could realise ou the stock was £l5OO. To show the large amount.of money, that has been’ drawn in dividends from some of the claims that were iniaxistence in the outlying districts of’ Ballarat; some few years back, one particular worthy- of* mention. Id the course of- a few remarks at the luncheon in celebration' of : the starting of- the machinery of the New Golden : Belt Company on Friday, Mr~M’Vitty, of Bal larat, stated when'a shareholder.,in the old Grand Trunk Company be used to draw £2OO per month in dividends. Gold to the value of . one million and, a half sterling had been extracted from the mine in question. • At the Half-yearly meeting of the’Ballarat Miners* Association on..Saturday’,evening, a question presented, itself ' aa to* whether.a miner rendered unfit for work by inhaling foul*air in a claim was hot aa much entitled to relief as * man who had metwith an A : law of the- members present .were j of opinion that minefs laid prostrate by inhaling noxious fames much entitled tof assistance from the assooUtibn as thoße wbo had received broken legs or other accidents when following their occupation. The matter was, however left an open question. * Though the road from the suburbs of Bal larat to Spriogdallah is one of the meat sub stantial main thoroughfares In the colony, the Greovilleabire Council nevertheless is deter mined not to allow it to get into bad repair. At the present time there are several gauge of men'engaged in .breaking atones in the abife mentioned. When the required, quantity of metal ia broken, it will be' spread on various parts of the main road. It is stated that the ratepayers of the eastern riding' of the'.Bungareesbire will request Mr Thomas Maher; of the Emerald Isle hotel, ex-councillor, to contest a seat at the coming election to represent them. | The Key. I. M. Goldreicb denrea us to pub- l lish the following note:—** 23 Albert street, Ballarat. 21st July, 1882. Rev. L M. Gold raich. DearSir,—On behalf of- Mr, J. J. : Blundsll (conductor), and the Dawson street Congregational Church choir, T : have the pleasure to enclose a cbeque for £2 15s, being the net proceeds of the late concert in aid of the fund the relief of thelßussian Jews. Had the weather been more propitious no dsubt a much larger sum would have resulted. Yours respectfully, W. H. FioaiS.” Mr Qpld reich also thankfully acknowledges receipt of one guinea towards the same fund from Mr D. Milliken. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes;— 41 Yet another I I have to record the death, at the advanced age of 81 years; of Mrs Black well, a very oM Inhabitant of 'this township, which took place at her residence at midnight on Friday last The deceased, who was a widow, carried on business as a storekeeper for more than 20 years, and for a considerable time past was afflicted with almost total blind ness, in consequence of'which she employed a | young person to look after her business and attend upon, herself. It is alleged that she has a son alive, but his whereabouts is not known.” It affords us much pleasure to announce that the public of Ballarat are to have an op portunity afforded them: of hearing the world renowned Joseph Cook, the Ballarat Evan gelical Alliance having arranged for his giving one of bis lectures in the Academy, of. Music on the evening of Wednesday, 2nd August. We understand that this was the only date open at present, and the Alliance is to be congratulated on having secured the services of the reverend lecturer, even for one evening. Details as to the subject of lecture, Ac., are yet to be arranged, but we are sure that the fact of Mr Cook's intended coming will give universal satisfaction. Notice will be found elsewhere of a public missionary meeting in the Alfred Hall this evening, at which the Right Reverend Bishop Sargent will deliver an address. The mayor of the city will preside. A collection will.be made in aid of the Mission Fund. The H6n. J. B Humffray, in his present illness in bis old days has at least some pleasant remembrances. Yesterday a citizen, who was rummaging among some old papers in a drawer came upon a ticket for a public ban* quet given to Mr ■'Humffray at the Charlie Napier so far back as. 1856. Mr D. Oliver was secretary to the banquet committee. The gentleman who found the ticket, and who is an old friend of Mr Humffray’s, went yester day on a visit to the invalid and, took.the ticket with him to revive memories of Auld Lang Syne. Until recently it was thought in Ballarat East that there probably would be no contest at the ensuing municipal election, but it seems now that the burgesses intend to have the muni cipal question thoroughly discussed, as it is stated that Mr Lavis, Mr Walker, and one or two others, are to be invited to come forward as candidates for seats in the council. ’ The following returns have been received from the Ballarat Hospital for the week ending yesterday:—-Number of inmates at beginning of week—Males, 84; females, 27; since ad mitted—Males, 6; females, 4; total, 121. Discharged during the .week Males, 12; females, 6; died, female, 1; total, 19. Remain ing at end of week—Males, 78; females. 24; total, 102. Out-patients treated—New, 87; old 337: total, 424: A boy named John Falconer, residing in Webster street, was admitted to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a broken leg caused by being thrown off his horse while but riding. He was progressing favourably. What might have been a serious conflagra tion took place on Saturday evening, at Hazell's Tariff bote),, Humffray street. It appears that three young men coming home from work about half-past 6 o'clock, while passing the hotel, noticed the wall of one of the upstairs’rooms to be burning. They at once informed the occupants of the hotel of the fact, and one of their number ran down to the Ballarat East Fire Brigade station. An alarm was at once sounded by the firebell, and the brigade was quickly on the spot,and the fire was extinguished before it had done much damage. The Western Brigade arrived, at the scene of the fire also, but their services were not needed. The cause of tbe conflagration is said to have /been the bursting of a gas pipe. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— * 1 On Saturday morning it was discovered that a thief or thieves had broken into the office belonging to the New Golden. Belt Company, Springdallah, and carried of a quantity of wine, cheese, Ac., which had been temporarily placed there after Friday’s celebration. A considerable quantity of beer, it ia stated, was overlooked and left behind.” The number of persons remaining In the Benevolent Asylum at the end of the week was 257, of whom 47 were females. The ! total number of outdoor recipients relieved during the week was 732, and of these there were 347 children. One drunkard was dealt with at the Town Court on Saturday, and fined 10s. There were some previous convictions against him. Mrs Badelliti desires us to acknowledge, with thanks, the sum of £22, collected on I her behalf by the manager, captains, and work i men in Band and Albion Consols; also,' the sum of £lO 15s collected by the manager, captains, and workmen in Serjeant's Freehold Company; also, all who have subscribed to wards her in sad bereavement. The Melbourne Bulletin of this week has a I photograph of the rebellious Egyptian, Arabi j Pasha. I There were ten prisoners in the Town lock up last night. Seven persons were charged with drunkenness. Tfaoons Geraphty and Sarah Irwin were incarcerated on charges of vagrancy. A Mongolian named William Ah Poy, who bad been arrested for,.stealing a number of whips, valued at £4, the property of Alfred Allchin, saddler, of the Main road, also occupied quarters in the lock-up. . We have received.a pamphlet entitled n The Rev. Joseph Cook: a critique,” by John Fiske, A-M., LL.B., reprinted from the North Amcri can Review, with a preface* by Dr G. Lewis. The critique is by n r > means a favourable one to the Rev. Joseph Cook. Professor Stanich, has arrived in Ballarat from Melbourne, where he has been for a short time, after a prolonged stay ib Sydney. Whilst in the capital of tbe sister colony Professor 1 Stanich w*s fortunate enough to greatly benefit the bearing of the Governor, Lord Augustus Loftua, from whom the professor has received . a letter of thanks. Professor Stanich will be at the Club Hotel, Lydiard street, oh Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday of the present week,' and will then proceed to Stawell lor one .day.,- , . The Ballarat branch of the Australian Natives* Association is organising-a fund for the erection of a handsome new ball. Women are beginning to desert their rights at last. Mrs Tlnney, of the Royal Mail hotel, Glenorchy, has announced herself as a candi date fora vacancy which has occurred in the Board of Advice for the North Riding School District, Shire of Stawoll. . . ■ A farmer residing'at Learmonth has re ported to the police that on the 17th inat. he registered a letter containing £8 at the Lear* month Post-office, addressed to “Mr* John Smith, Dean.” The latter received tbe letter, but the money was missing. . Enquiries have been instituted by the police. • A Qdsettc notice states that Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Hugh M’Phillimy, 'of the Ist Ballarat Corps of Volunteers, has resigned his commission. A statement which appeared in the Ballarat correspondent's letter of Saturday's Argus, in reference to the Shamrock forged telegram, is likely to result iu law proceedings. We have received the*23rd annual report of Life'and General Insurance and Savings Institute. . From/this it' appears that the business for the past half-year has resulted in a balance to thejcredjt .pf profit; amounting in the life department'to £5906 lie in the insurance and savings branch to £16,124 3s 4d. Out of (his balance, the directors have declared V dividend of 10 per celt, end a bonne of 24 per cent. The balance ff £17,030 14slOd hat been carried to credit of profit and. lose.-: f ■ Mossra Oeorge Morecomb aid George Dbnglas have been' appointed trusjess of the .Carngham Cemetery, vice Mr F. List and Mr J. Cross, deceased, | \- The salesmen's offices at the produce market were closed on Friday, and it is pmeibla that a. half-holiday on Friday will bo the'rnle,. Very little business is transacted on Friday after noons,” so that the employers an! employees would all be benefited by the chaige. ■ We are requested to draw attention to the sale of valuable freehold property to take place on Monday, at 12 o’clock, by Ml Claxton, on the premises. No. 2 Ligar street.' , ' Great curiosity is being evinced as to Miss Pomeroy’s ' appearance on ! Friday next in the rile of “ Hamlet.” This talented lady has been hard at work for the past three months on the character, and with her woll known intelligence and undoubted earnestness, a thoroughly artistic conception l may safely bo predicted. The cast will bo vary strong and efficient, Miea Carry George (Mrs Laurence) having most kindly placed her services at Miss Pomeroy’s disposal, and will appear as Queen Gertrude; Miss Alice Deorwyn being specially engaged for Ophelia. To give’strength to the cast Miss Blanche Lewis will appear as Ceric; her sister, enacting the player Queen. Mr Holloway will appear as the Ghost; 1 Mr Arthur Elliot, Laertes; Mr George ' Carey, the first gravedigger; Mr Edwin Palmer, Poloniua; and Mr Boothman has been specially engaged for the part of Horatio, The Volunteer Service Reviei oeays:—“At a moment, when the minds of the public are much exercised with regard to the armaments of Great Britain and . foreign powers, it may not be out of place to call attention. to the weapon with which. British troops are .armed, and to compare it with those of the Continental Powers and the United States. From a tabular statement which we publish, it will be seen that the Martini-Henry rifle is by far the beat military weapon of the age, in actual use by the forces of any consider able power. It is of as large a calibre as any, whilst it consumes 10 gr more powder, and projects a bullet weighing a fifth mors than any other to a distance exceeding most of its rivals, and equalling the best. It is a source of no small satisfaction to us to be able to inform the British taxpayer that, in spite of the lavish abuse and somewhat ill formed criticism to which our manufacturing departments are regularly subjected, the troops of this country are at present armed with a better military rifle than those of any nation with which it is likely to be brought into con flict, This excellence is, fourfold, being—l, durability; 2, range; 3, penetration; and 4, accuracy. The Avoe a Mail says;—The premises of Mr P. Bostock, butcher, High street, Avoca, bad a narrow escape from destruction by fire at about half-past 1 o'clock on Wednesday morn ing, one of the sheds having become ignited by a spark from the smoke-house of the estab lishment. Fortunately, however, the fire was noticed in time by Mr Bostock’s eldest son, hie attention being drawn to it by the peculiar howling of. a dog, and on calling bis brother the two young men extinguished the blaze without much difficulty. About £5 worth of bacon was destroyed, and a hole was burned in the roof of the adjacent shed, but bad not the fire been noticed in time it is probable that the whole of the premises and others in the neighbourhood would have been de stroyed. ■ • , • 