NEWS AND NOTES. We understand that Judge, Trench will sit in chambers in the Lydisrd street court house on Monday, 28th inst, A daring burglar was perpetrated at an ea'rly hour yesterday 1 morning, on the pre miseß.Sturt street; tenanted byMr Ramsay, who carries on therein the business of a tobac conist, The lock of the front door was picked, and the burglar.or burglars' 1 having, thus effected an entrance, proceeded to ransack the place tor valuables. The robbers were rather particular in the selection made, and carried off a box of the- choicest cigars, a bundle of Savannahs, several pipes, and other articles, . the value of the goods stolen altogether being £5 or £6. No person sleeps on the premises, and the robbery was not discovered until the proprietor entered the shop yesterday morning at 8 o’clock, when he»found , the door open. The lock bad been cleverly picked, the work being evidently that of a practised band. It would appear as though a gang of burglars were at work in the city, as other doors, we learn, have tampered with in the same neighbourhood. The back door of Mr'L. Stansfield’a shop was found open one morning recently, but nothing was missed from tbs shop. Under these cir cumstances it behoves the police to be, more than' ordinarily carefnl. In. some country townships the constables have instructions to try the doors of the . various shops on their beats at intervals. We are hot aware whether this practice prevails in Ballarat, but if not. Superintendent Sadleir would confer a boon on the citizens by issuing instructions that such should be done. We have received a number of letters bn the subject of the Grattan address, on both sides of the question, but we think that the discus sion had better-be closed, as there appears to be no end to it. ■ Property in Ballarat West, has increased greatly in value during the last five years. Recently a party from the metropolis visited the city for the purpose of securing a site in a central position on which to build. . The block; at the Corner of Hair and Lydiard streets, owned by Mr Alex. Campbell, and on which stands the Sti Mungo hotel, took the fancy of the party in question, but-the owner declined to entertain any offer under £6OOO, the build ings included, We believe that a tona fide offer was made to"Mr Campbell of £sooo'for’ the land alone, but this was declined. The site has a frontage to Lydiard street of 110 feet, and to Mair streetof 70 feet. Five years ago the greater portion of the allotment, and the buildings thereon, changed bands for about £650. \- A case of some importance to municipal bodies, as affecting the recovery of rates, was decided yesterday at the Town Police Court, before Mr J.. C. Thomson, P.M., and Mr E. Curtis, J.F. The Town Council of Ballarat Bast sued Ah Cue for rates alleged to be due on some property occupied by defendant as stables in Chinese Town, Golden Point. A portion of the amount claimed was for the rate struck by the council in 1881, and of which defendant was'formally notified on the 21st March of .that year. Mr Gaunt, who appeared for the defendant, pointed out that the printed demand for the payment of the rates stated that such should be paid within 14 days from that date; and that action for the . recovery ; of, the amount, should, - therefore, have been taken within 12 months from the expiration of the .14 days. Mr Gaunt cited a Sandhurst case in proof of this,: The . bench upheld; the plea' for the defence, viz., that the case was not within their jurisdic tion, and accordingly the amount claimed was struck out. ' The Minister of Bail ways' has promised Mr G. G. Morton, the president of the Ballarat Coursing Club, that tickets will be issued next month to the plumpton at the lowest first and second class'fares, A couple . of metropolitan residents paid Ballarat a visit yesterday. They bad a stroll round the city and town,- and were loud in their praises .of-the picturesque appearance of the thoroughfares.' The visitors, however, complained bitterly of tbe cold. One of tbe strangers .in. particular suffered very -much from the chilly atmosphere, for his hands had swollen and the cbilblainson bis feet had almost rendered locomotion impossible and when pass ing down' Barkly street west, the latter visitor with .chattering teeth kept exclaiming, “ By Jove, Ballarat is a cold place, though; I don't think X' could live here in the winter time.” He bad just concluded one of these remarks,. when be raised his head, and bis eye imme diately caught the. sign, 11 Ballarat Icoworks." V Goodness gracious,” tbe visitor cried, ' "there’s'a thing to read a day like this- The sooner we get away the better." The same gentlemen left for tbe metropolis last even ing. ' _ ' ; : ; A local-land'board will ait at Beaufort at 12.80 p.m, to-day for the purpose of dealing with .-applications, Ac., for land. A land sale will also take place in the same town shortly afterwards. -A sale of Crown lands by public . auction will be held at Creswiok to-day. ' Our Smythesdalo correspondent writes : “The Victorian Mobawk Serenade™ gave a public entertainment in the hall of tbe Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday evening, consisting of comic songs, dancing,. Ao.', at which there, were about 40 persons present Tbe mode in which the programme was carried put did not appear to be at all appreciated by. a considerable number of lads present,'who manifested; their disapprobation in the usual orthodox fashion by hissing, shouting, and stamping on the floor. So great was ; the disturbance at one time that it was feared the; intervention of the police would be necessary, but fortunately their services were not re quired.” , . ' ■ \- Au -old- man- named Michael Ryan - was : arrested by Constable Healy about' 7 o’clock .last evening,'and lodged in the Town loctup, bn a charge of. insulting' behaviour. The con duct of 1 the man-wawdeseribed as disgraceful in.the extreme,.' ■' ' .' ' A young-man.< named John Ci Gibbs-was arrested at the Provincial hotel yesterday, by .Detective ;JQaaon, on! tbs charge of stealing a mare, the property of one John Heniy Gibson, of Howlong, New South Wales. • The accused, .Who iy 24 years of age,.was lodged in the City lock-up, and will be brought' beforathe magis tratea at the City PoWoe Court this morning, Mr James Hall, chairman of the City Board of lost - evening afforded ns a view of tbe gold and silver medals to be presented on behalf ofMajor Smith.to the two successful competitors at the recent examinations of State school-pupils. -The gold medal; is,valued at £lO 10s and the silver one at £frfis; and both ' bava-.-.beenr procured, from; the Boyal Mint, 'Uelbourde/ The ‘ wwlouoship it excellent. and thefottaaete:r*oipieati : «hoaidfeej proud of possessing them;;; 'In'; ordsit, to'affordr the public a lobk et thstnedldstitisin tended to exhibitthem in the: ebop window-qf Horsley Brae., drapers, Sturt streets The articles will M presented on the occasion of .the State school pupils 1 concert ''to be held at the Academy of Uusic on next Friday night, t v Mr, David Wilson,' the well known.dairyman, arid proprietor of Spiiogbank Farm, Egerton, appears to be a man -'that the colonists of Victoria have reason to feel proud of.' For energy and enserpriae he cannot ha excelled. The’ butter which Mr Wilson exported to England in December last has been pronounced - by experts in the old country to bo of remark ably high quality, comparing favourably with that produced on'English farms,. Mr Wilson,.' however, attributes much of bis success to the excellent butter casks which Messrs -Williams and Phillips, coopers, of the. Main road,, manufactured for him. The casks .were splendid epecimens of workmanship, and upon' arrival in England the butter which they con tained was found to be in perfect order. It will be remembered that Mr Wilson carried off the Hon. Philip Hassell's prize of £76 for the best kept dairy, at the Great National Show held in Ballarat. At this show Mr Wilson’s, prize money amounted to £ll5. Mr Wilson intends competing for the Hun. W. J. Clarke’s prize of £llO, for the best kept dairy,' ait the. show to be held in .Melbourne in November next! The enterprising' dairyman intends forwarding further-consignments of butter to England this year.' 1 With this object in view he has given an order to Messrs Williams and Phillips for the-manufacture of 100 more casks. Mr Wilson has 300 cows on his farm at Egerton. 1, c; J ,r; ■ It is not often that lovers of Scotch song —and who,is not one } —have so good an op portunity of spending a pleasant evening as it presented to-night in the 1 * Scotch concert ” to be given in the Mechanics’ by a number of our local amateurs. The programme, as it lies before ns, presents a wonderful variety,, rang ing from 11 Jessie the Flower o' Dumblane 'V and 11 Auld Robin Gray,” to the 11 March of the. Cameron neon, I ’-.and “Scots whs hie,” and contains such choice old favourites as “Flora M*Dunald's lament,” “Cornin' thro' the rye," ” When the kye come hame,” “The land o', the leal," ..and 11 The rowan tree." Indeed there is not; a . song which is to be sung that.: has. not a history of its own ‘ and : that is not !an established < favourite. As to the singers, having had' an opportunity of hearing them when the concert was given a few weeks'ago in St. John’s' Presbyterian Hall, we can say with all safety that each and all of them interpret their songs in such a way as to show that-they understand the sentiment alike of music and of poetry ;while the choruses are ren dered with such a delicacy of shading as gives proof of the pains taken by Mr Johns in training his choir, and the command he has over them. Where so many are engaged, it seems almost inyidious to single out one, and yet we cannot but refer to'the'rendering of "Jessie, the flower of Dumblane,” by Mr A, C. Car negie, which recalls memories of Mr Kennedy and . his: ;" Twa Hours at Hame." Iu regard to the elocutionary part of the . programme, it is sufficient to say that it is in the bands of the Hsv. J. W. logit's and Mr D. J. Carnegie, both of whom have already established a reputation for themselves as readers, Mr Carnegie is to tell the story of " that daft like word Imph—m,” while Mr Inglis, in addition to presiding, is to give seve ral readings, and among others, “ The Qowk’s. Errant," and “Fall of Iho Tay Bridge,” The former of these is said to be so mirth-provoking as almost to overpower the audience, while the magic power and-pathos of ~the latter is described as overwhelming. Altogether we can safely promise our readers an evening of genuine enjoyment, which will be still farther, increased by the remembrance that in patron ising the concert they are aiding that most deserving of our local charitable institutions, the District 1 Orphan Asylum—the proceeds of the concert,being in aid of its funds. A- meeting of the friends of Mr J. B. Humffray was held at the George hotel yester day evening, to make arrangements for effectu ■ ally showing their sympathy with him in bis present unfortunate condition. Mr Forster was voted to the chair, and Mr Caxaly was appointed hon. secretary. Arrangements were made to procure a list of old pioneers and other, friends of Mr Humffray, so that some idea could be formed as.to what should be done to carry out the object of the meeting. It was decided that the list should be browght up on .Tuesday next,; to which evening the meeting adjourned; St. Paul’s congregation has made consider! able progress with tbe church renovation fund, The first mention of this; fund to the conges tion was only three weeks since, when an ap peal was made for £5OO, yet there has been already contributed (including-the proceeds of Monday’s parochial festival) more than £250. The meeting on Monday, was very largely attended, and from the unity and cordiality of feeling then displayed, the beat results may be anticipated. We have received, in pamphlet form, an authentic. report of the debate between the Rev. B. Butchers and Mr J. J. Haley, on Baptism. The.local publisher is Mr J, L, Reeves; , The lecture of Mr G Foord, on . Alohemy, delivered at tbe School, of Mines on' the 9th •net., has been published in the form of a pamphlet by direction of the council. . ■ The clock in the newspaper room' at- the City, Free Library was again set in .motion yesterday, and appeared to be keeping ex cellent time. Perhaps some well-wisher of the institution, some kindly-disposed draper, will now present the committee with a few yards of matting for tbe floor of the news room. Among the special l attractions for teachers, scholars, and their parents provided at the annual meeting of the Church of England Sunday' School Association-to be held this evening in Christ Church schoolroom, we note the following:—The Rev. Dr Bromby, one of the examiners, at the;.recent examination, is coming from Melbourne- to. distribute, the prizes, and bis remarks are sure to be interest ing. The result of the. examination will be made known' fur the first time, and it will be seen what schools have been: most successful and what scholars have succeeded in .obtaining pass certificates, and third, second, or first class .honours respectively. In addition the choir of l Christ Church have undertaken to render some music which is sure to bo good of its kind, and we, therefore, antici pate a numerous attendance. A sad case, of lunacy has. been reported to the City police from the Bound Waterholes. It appears that a woman named Mary-Coffee, .a resident in the locality, has stubbornly refused food for . several days, ■ and : her self imposed fast baa - already taken considerable effect upon her system. The woman willhe brought in today for the' purpose’ of under going a medical examination, ...' The-Grant street bridge over the Farroweo Creek presented a very, remarkable appearance yesterday. Scavengers belonging to the Town' Council had evidently been at work, clearing away the mud from the eastern end of the | bridge. When the .workmen had cleaned a few feet of the town end of . the structure, they, it is stated, left the western portion for the city employees to scrape. The con sequence was that the roadway over the bridge appeared like a half-shorn sheep. A ratepayer was beard to say that,’if tbe half finished work was-the result of joint-owner ship, the sooner the local councils are amal gamated the better. Tbe owner of the allotment of ground facing Lydiard street,’ and the shop on which was re cently destroyed by fire, contemplates re« building at an early date. , We learn, however, that operations will be delayed for a'.time, as the insurance claims on the property burnt down have not yet been settled. 1 V,; Mr Robert Mutch, who died in the local Benevolent Asylum on Wednesday last, 'was, it is eaid, an old resident of Buninyongl where he carried on the.bnsiness of a blaoksmith and ' wheelwright for many years. Mr Mutch, who was 75 years 6f age, entered the Benevolent' Asylum.some time back owing to his'inability to work. _ : • .... r : It is understood that shpald the observance of- the .weekly half-holiday be' unanimous among the; local knights of .the oomband scissors a hairdressers’ union will be formed in Ballarat., Such a society exists', wo believe,ln Melbourne. and has been found to be very advantageous to the members of the trade in’ question. r .Should, .the formation iof a hair dressers’union be agreed upon,.a number of the Melbourne society rules will be adopted.' Our' Smythesdaie correspondent writes:—- “ Complaints wsre made here yesterday that the promise givsn'by the Minister of Railways that on the 20th of tbe entrant month tender*' would be called for worka -to be done in con-_ nection with the Ballarat, Smythesdale. and Scarsdale line of railway, bad not beea lul-’, &Ued.;,one ..of . the member, tor, Grenville' would, perhaps,'draw Hr Bent's attention to the eubjajt." : . j Yesterday evening our Sandhurst correspon dent' wired ’as follows;-!"A-youth named William. King was charged at the City ICoart thie. morning with stealing sheepskins, sad reminded till Monday.—A young man Mined Gibaoo, a manna storedealor, war fiaod £?, and £8 ooata, for an nnproToked aaaault upon an old man named Hammersley.’’, ■ ■ The reporter of a local paper baa interviewed; the"ghost” which is said to haunttha ground cf the United Victoria Company’s mine, and; which has succeeded on several occasions in. frightening nearly to death several persons whose intellect is perhaps less strong than ' that of others. It appears on the authority of this representative of the ’ fourth estate who has “done and dared,” that the “ghost” after all is nothing more nor less than on ordinary working miner who has used, what little wits he may possess in the lively occupa tion of playing an amusing joke on hie fellow miners, and sending into hysterics their . wives and childrea. -That the so-called ghost was of flesh and blood others probably knew fully, as well as this “devil may care".reporter, although there were few- perhaps who have bad more ‘- opportunities of -interviewing his “ghbstsbip" in the shape of a miner playing dangerous, tricks upon his, fellow .workmen. It is only : to be regretted that the author of these insane practical'jokes hasnotyet fallen into the hands of his dupes,' as he baa thereby escapade thoroughly well-deserved thrashing, or a ducking in the nearest waterhole., A Similar punishment should .await those who are maudlin enough.to attempt in any way to excuse such reprahenaibla.'coodnct. A slight accident happened to a boy named dames Webb yesterday. It appears that Webb and another boy bad' got up a quarrel with respect to the ownership of a dog! After a wordy war had raged for some time they took to blows, the result being that Webb received a nasty cat oh the ear. He was taken to the Hospital, where his woqnd was, dressed and be was sent home. A numerously-attended meeting of the -Builders’' and Contractors’ Association was , held last night at the Buck’s Head hotel to taka into consideration some matters of im portance to the triads. After careful delibera . tion it was resolved that the committee should bring up. a report for discussion at tha next meeting, to be held at the same place, on Fri day, 30th inst., at 8 p.m. , \- A view, of the comat was obtainable last evening only at brief intervals-: owing to the cloudy state of tbs sky. The celestial stranger is apparently receding- from the south', as it is nightly becoming less visible to the naked eye. , ■ I": ■.’ '; ' . ' Drivers of vehicles are complaining greatly of i the bad; state of the road leading from Ballarat into Little Bendigo, and it it thought that the Bungareeahire council should take steps to remedy the evil... The road ia full of ruU and holes, which by the expenditure of a few pounds could be.repaired, . In our obituary' column will be found an nounced the death of Urs John O’Brien, at the ripe age of 77 years. Deceased was the relict of the late John O’Brien, formerly of Bally, ooriefc ;.Hpuse| bounty' Clare, Ireland. Both husband and wife were the decendants of some of tha most ancient and honoured bouses, of Ireland.', A beautifully, plumaged parrot, that has evidently strayed away' from its owner, baa 'found its way to tha Western railway station, and hat taken up a commanding position on tbo iron snppoits of the roof. There it appears ' to defy those under it, but its . nest is often disturbed by the a trangesound—to it, perhaps —of the whistle of a passing engine. The position it has taken np, though unassailable, must be almost as smoky as though the bird was perched on a stick across the chimney. The railway officials planned several schemes for the purpose of dislodging ths new tenant, but the only scheme which seems feasible is that of “ Baiting its tail." The weather: yesterday was of a. severe wintry nature. During the day a keen, icy blast from the north penetrated even tha warmest overcoat! and gloves, muffs, and other coverings were of but little avail against it. To pedestrians the day waa as cold and un comfortable aa could well be imagined.! The weather gave every indications of a heavy fall of rain, but up to the time of our going to press it has not commenced to fall, \- The members of the City and Town Drum and Fife Baud have determined to recognise the services of Hr E. Middleton, who has acted as bon. secretary for several years, by presenting him with a handsomely-framed group of cabinet portraits. Each member', 33 in all, has attended at Messrs Richards and Co.’s studio during the week, and doubtless the public will have the opportunity of view ing the photographs some time next week. Mr Middleton has been very energetic in serving, the interests of the band, .and consequently the members have resolved to give him a per manent recognition in the.manner already indicated. • A serious complaint is made against the managing committee of the act union in con- ' nection with the- United Fire Brigades Demonstration recently held at Melbourne, It appears that a Buninyong fireman purchased a ticket that draw the second prize, a piano' valued at £75, and in course of time he wrote to the committee asking for the article to be forwarded to him. Several letters were sent, but no replies were received, and consequently the winner went to Melbourne ' to' interview the- committee. When there, it is alleged that ha was offered X 25, to be paid by instal manta, to forego the piano,.with which settle ment, however, he refused to comply. A circular, to. the grocers of . Ballarat has been issued; by the employees, inviting: their favourable consideration of- the following request:—"That you agree to doss your estab lishments every-Thursday, at one o’clock, -on and after Thursday, 3rd August, 1882.” The circular ia worded in very respectful language, and amongst other things points out that “the concession will be conducive in the highest degree to the advancement of employers and employees by promoting and fostering that harmony of feeling which tends to induce and maintain the unity of action so needful to prosperity,” We learn that the request of tha employees is to be considered at the convention of grocers to be held this evening, when the. matter will doubtless receive that earnest and careful consideration from the employers to which it is entitled. A little girl named Agnes . Lane, residing at Brown Hill, met with a nasty accident last night. She was playing with some other children, when 'she fell down, sustaining a dislocated shoulder. She was attended to at the Hospital. A general meeting of the newly-formed . carter’s union was held last .night at Davies' Ancient Briton hotel, Bridge, street. There were 26 members present, and Mr Condon occupied the chair. After tha proposed• rules had been-read, ou the motion of Mr Tbos.. Dinsdale, seconded by Mr Thos. Carey, they .were adopted. Mr Carey was elected treasurer, vice Mr Ferris,, resigned, i In order to obviate the necessity of meetings being held in a hotel, the committee were empowered to engage a room.in any private .hall.. The initia tion fee was fixed at 2a 6d per member, and 36 members' were elected. The committee will meet on every alternate Monday, and the general meeting of members will take place quarterly. It was resolved that the secretary .receive a certain 1 sum per quarter as a fixed salary. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chair. A reserved judgment was on'Wednesday (saya the Age) delivered by ths Full Court in a matrimonial suit of Foster v Foster, which was one -brought by the petitioner, a news agent at Beechworth, seeking a dissolution of his marriage with tha . respondent, on the ground of the latter's adultery with a third person, who was made a co-respondent. The court considered the evidence as to adultery sufficient to warrant a dissolution of the mar riage, and a degree to that effect was accord ingly made, with costs against tha co-respon dent. - I-. An acclimatised English salmon trout was (saya yesterday’s Age) caught by a boy in the Saltwater river , on,. Wednesday, and last evening it was exhibited in’the'shop of Mr Jenkins, fishmonger, Swanstdn street, where it was inspected by crowds of- people. The fish Weighed exactly 41b;-; ‘ This is the first English trout that hasbeencanghtin the Saltwater river, and it is supposed that .it-has found its way down the streams from tha Gisborne district. The Minister'of Lands has (says the Argue) decided to grant to the committee of the Servants' Training School a small block of land in the old. police paddock at Richmond; The Crown Law officers advised that it would be competent for. ,the department to make.the' gift. r Anew building will bo erected on the allotment, which will be devoted to tha object of'training domestic servants.: : The following items were extracted from ■'Wedriesdsy’s Police Gazette:— The office of John Hickman, Union Foundry, Ballarat, was broken' into between 6 and 9 a,m. on the 11th Inst.,- and the following property stolen:—A revolver, 7 chambers, , about 8 inches long, engraved oyer chamber; nickel-plated 'lndian carving on iron work; a Webley’a revolver, five chambers, about 64 inches long, Jas. W. Rosier, on cham ber; value£4 10a." Stolen from B. D. Reed, DowUng: BtrMt,. Ballarat, on 27th May,'a mohd-hand] saddle, thong girtjb and' round irtmup crashing machine «( James Pollard,>Pejgleg, shout a mils from Maldoty on-14th 2" iron enam elkd-buokets, containing about ;2 owt of quick silver': Alfred Taylor is charged on warrant with deserting his illegitimate child by Haonah Shew at Ballarat pa 25th May.?'Thomas Rich is charged ou.twafwarrants of commitment for driving acab without- a licehse at Ballarat on ■lOthMay.- Ann-O'Conrior is oharged on war rent, with disobeying an erder of the Ballarat Bench for the maintenance of her child in the Industrial Schools, Michael Leydon ab sconded from the licensed service of J. Evans, Dunnstown, - Warrenheip,. on the 10th inst.- Stolen from Joseph Mack, sheep farmer, Berry bank, -.66 : crossbred ewes, also 70 crossbred weanera. v. \ The intercolonial champion ploughing match [ committee has (says, the Aye) made some im portant amendments to their prize-list, which will doubtless greatly assist in making the forthcoming competition a pronounced success. Frizes not less than £5 or exceeding £lO are offered for the best tillage implements other than ploughs, while an award of £5O, is offered for the best and cheapest prepared piece of land: for a seed bed irrespective of the imple ment used in the work. The secretary has ajready received numerous entries-from the adjoining colonies. It is noticeable (says the Evening Mail) that the' Customs revenue has fallen off to some ex tent during the past few days over which the political crisis has extended, thus bearing out theremarka made some days ago by the Com missioner of' Customs !to the effect that such a crisis materially affects the revenue. The dfati of yesterday evening says;—“ A man.named Jobn'Anderson, a draper residing at Richmond, was looked up at Prabran on the 4th instv, on a charge of drunkenness, but as it was found he was seriously ill, ho was removed to the Alfred Hospital. He lingered on until last night, when he died. The matter has been reported to the coroner, and an inquest will probably be held.” 