^mninxnt ®0pits. " AGE " LOYALTY. THE organ of Liberalism and democracy in Victoria, and of landlordism extermination and provincialism in Ireland, says of the Advocate that it "preaches sedition and disloyality far more sedulously than it 'doBB religion." We have no commission whatever to preach, and, unlike others similarly situated, we preach not at all. We leave that to those who are qualified for the work, and who have authority to engage in it. Even in discussing subjects in which Catholic interests are concerned we do not deal in cant such as the self-righteous love. We were not spoon-fed ourselves on scripture quotations, and the honestest and best men We have known were not addicted to • puritanical phraseology. Were we to indulge in that style of address we should at once incur the contempt of our readers, and it would be sureiy suspected that we entered the fold on fatae pretences, and wef^ little better than a wolf in sheep's clothing. What we do aim at is to be guided by Catholic principles, and . we have found that, by the observance of that rule of conduct, we can fairly uphold the respective rights of the, several classes of the community, that we can pay due respect to the principles of civil and religious liberty, and that we are in no danger of flattering our friends • and misrepresenting our enemies, and 'Still less of resorting to miserable subterfuges, shifts, stratagems, or falsehoods, with the object of helping a political party, and so advancing our own purely selfish interests. By adhering to these principles, we are emboldened to speak the truth fully arid defiantly, and are saved the humiliatidn .Of truckling to any party whatever. We neither disguise our views on any public question, nor evade our responsibilities. What we say we exactly mean, and no more. :When we claim justice for , Catholics on the Education Question, we neither seek nor desire an advantage .-oyqp' any other denomination. When we claim for the Church the right to exclude from recognition those who had shut themselves out from her communion, we only claim for her the freedom which is legitmate and reasonable, and which would not be disputed in the -case of any other society whatever. When we profess loyalty to Victorian institutions, there are no quibbles or. reservations in the profession, and we are incapable of making a low-bred, vulgar, and cowardly attack upon, the representative of her Majesty in this colony, as was thus done in the Age of Tuesday:— Not the least vexing reflection about the latter'a (the Governor's) absenoe is that Mr. : iBeut is unwittingly responsible for it. If lie lad juieiflted upon his Excellency's paying his ftire to Colac, it is not at all unlikely that he might have preferred to remain at home .and .entertain' Admiral Aslanbegoff and bis officers now and then. A Governor who ='Brings such a frugal mind to the pursuit of pleasure would have thought twiee before he ' determined to take a journey that might have-landed him in the greater expense of the two.' • Our loyalty to the Victorian Constitution ,is. not Subservient to. selfish aims and party .ends. We are irioapable of louiily |irotes'tirig it one day, apd of tbreat&i-; /iiQg, jpyiling, and besmirching a governor' ' theineat in a style disgracefully outraging decency. We make. no ipreteneionB to loyalty we do not feel, and therefore acknowledge none to the British Govern- '*• its feet on the neck of the Irish people, and their oppressors ate our Enemies. The tlSs of blood and feligtorr unite us , to them, and their cause,' being a righteous one, is our cause. Thus do we AjJeak the , truth, and the whole truth, ;arid In'the same spirit we disclam the [dootrine .01 spoliation while advocating, a thorough <reform of the. land system tin,Ireland; We do not wish that povbrty should 1 Come to the door of any landholder 'In If eland,, great though the'sins <of his claea ; have been. We Mo • iiolt ^queati^n titles that are ceiituries, old| t.though they were obtained through cruel wrongs pad injustice, !We irp no apolojagists of orime, and have no, (sympathy /with teaching that is immoral, .,b|it, nevertheless; we. shall always s^ai^d firmly between our countrymen and,their -base -andlying detainers. ,vWe /ishall vindicate them, regard lessofi the oonbe- ^qfuences' to others. When- they- are-asf sailed,, then we shall retaliate, on their "iissailants, and if this, breeds bad blo^d; not .oiji^p the fault. We wish for pfekop in this community, but would nwt have it at the sacrifice of the small'est duty we Jb'w* • oiir (Suffering . fend doWn"-trotirteri . *jbuntrym«"n; In less exoiting and critica} times, owhen.the salvation of Ireland ^d not depmd.as no w, on the union of the •whole Irish raoe, there would be no oocasion for us to identify ourselves with her wrongs, or to battle against them, but now that is our firstand solemn dqty; and if it be disloyalty to play that part, then are we Intensely disloyal. Bat; along with that, we are honest. We do not profess a sentiment we do not feel, as the Ananias of the Victorian press does. We do not outrage decency by attacking, in a low-bred manner, a gentleman who has given no cause of offence. We do not strive to stir up bigotry as a means of attaining a political advantage, and .we do not meanly and spitefully charge to Protestant politicians that their every act is influenced by sectarian narrowness of feeling and intolerance. These are the little contemptible tricks and dodges to which, from our respect for Catholic principles as a rule of conduct, we do not resort. We do not, indeed, "preach religion," but we utter the truth without reservation, and for this are called " miserable impostors" *by that one journal of Victoria whom all journalists here, by common consent, pronounce to be the most untruthful and unscrupulous print in circulation in the Australian colonies. JUSTIN M'CARTHY JUSTIN Mr. Parnell's place in the M'OARTHY. House of Commons. A statement to that effect, subsequently contradicted but is now confirmed. Here is the case of a moderate man being driven by the excesses of the Government to a course that is for htm an Extreme one. Mr. M'Carthy did not approve of obstruction, or of the more deoided measures taken by the Land League. He was so moderate in his views as to have won from members of the Government an acknowledgment that was meant as a compliment. The British press at home and here had a good word for him, and he was held up for admiration as a sample of what an Irish gentleman who loves his country, and was sincerely desirous of serving her, should he. But, as in the case of John Dillon, Mr. Justin M'Carthy has forfeited the favour in which he was held. Both gentlemen have 'disappointed, . their admirers. Neither of them 'set 1 96 much value on praise from that quarter as to be unwilling under any circumstances to sacrifice it. They were not rn^e ; of the penetrable stuff for which they.got credit. They were not as weakly accessible to flattery as was supposed. They did not accept it with the pride, and gratitude which, unfortunately, ; in some cases do turn the head and corrupt the heart of Irishmen. They did not • pledge themselves to eternal fidelity to British interests in gratitude ' for the compliments bestowed on, them. They kept their souls uncontamihated and their honour in their own hands, and they are to-day two of the most powerful assailants of British dominion in Ireland. No unusual provocation was needed to clause the earnest John Dillon to take his place'in the foremost fighting ranks. He naturally fell into that position. Not so with Justin' M'Carthy. Not till pricked and goa-led by the wrongs and barbarities perpetrated -under the infamous Coercion Act did he draw the sword and throw, avyay the scabbard. But, as.he has beep so. string by the outrageous conduct ' of - the' Government, there is good retoon for anticipating that he will' lead-'the > party with : necessary earnestness and determination. It may be assumed that.l&n; understanding 1 on that point was arrived at, but should Mr. M'Carthy not exhibit the 1 qualities of which a leader ment'4n : Should' give proof in the present crisis Irfeland. of affairs, That someone Government else .will has be found to take fris place. MOST reluctantly we BURIAL BITES, have to' refer to a Sandhurst burial case, out of which the jiye ^ndeavonrs to make political capital. The Bendigo Advertiser ithuB states the case .*—" Oa Monday, the 23rd.of January, a railway employe named James Bastings wasfound dead near Goornung. At >a magisterial inquiry, a verdict -of death: from aunstrokewas teturned. Hastings' was -awidower/'and with his family bis home was at Back Creek. Thecorpsa was brought to Sandhurst for interment. His eldest daughter, a -'domestic^ living Sh:_ Sandhurst];; forwarded £1 to one of the clergymen living at'St.'iKilian'fl presbytery, with.a, request that -he would read the. ^burial - service ver thetiemainB of herdeoeaaed .parent. HoweVer, -the money hras r returned,: with I : ;irrt»y to , the i,l effeot''that the -priest dieollnfed to jead the serviefc." ; We'may jsarp^that the refusal tfas given'-reludtptly, and 'thiatthe;olergymen' at' ,the presbytery ^woul^;'^ueljprtfei objection -jto, ^heir complying /jflfttn 'Sjje equest of the girl existed. ' Their compassion for her was much more sincere than the professions of sympathy in which others indulged while turning her grief and disappointment to the sordid purposes of bigotry and intolerance. The clergy of St. Kilian's would have been silent in the matter. Though unable to assuage her grief, they respected it, and for her sake, and that of all the relatives and friends of the deceased, they would have kept the circumstances of the case as much as possible from public notice. They would, in fine, have acted with Christian sympathy and charity, and would have spared the feelings of the mourning daughter as much as possible. With such kindly consideration, the conduct of those who have for the basest purpose dragged forth the unfortunate girl and her sorrow for a public spectacle painfully and disgustingly contrasts. The Age, which only lately declared that religious services could do no good for the dying or the dead, now hypocritically represents that Hastings' daughter was much aggrieved in the rpfusal Bhe met with at St. Kilian's, and, with cold, heartless insensibility to her sufferings, parades her in her tears before the Protestant bigots of the country, as an incentive to a crusade on their part against the civil and religious fights of Catholics. It is the uncontestible right of the Roman Catholic Church to deny her ministrations to those who have placed themselves outside her pale. The Church is a voluntary association, from and to which people are free to go. and. come as they please. The. conditions of membership are exactly and clearly defined, and people may, or may not, as they please, observe these. Their liberty is unrestricted, and that of the Church is equally so. But whilst their rights are uninfringed, the Age, and other similar champions of liberty, demand that the Church shall have no : rights. ; The Age and its friends would promote civil and religious liberty by forcing .the Church to become the creature of their will, and a tool for carrying out their war against creeds and ecclesiastical authority. But were the spirit which' possesses them even much more violent and savage in its hostility to the Catholic Church they could still make no impression whatever on that greatChristian fortress. Were the spirit animating them'much more subtle and treacherous than itis, the result would be all the same. The rage and vexation of the enemy might become boundless, but there would be, invincible firmness and unbroken calmness in the life and ways iof the Church. The position in Hastings' case is precisely similar to that which was supposed to exist in the Sydney case. Aswe have pointed otit, there was no concession in the latter cade. Not till it had been discovered that the prohibitory conditions did not exist were the rites granted, and it was because they did exist in the SHnihurst case the burial service was refused. Thus the cases are similar, so far as doctrine and discipline are . concerned, and it fifty, or even one -hundred, cases' ike them ocsurred'to-morrow,-or auy day, they would be treated in precisely the same way without so much as a thought being given to Orange frenzy or Age threats. WHETHER they IGNORANT OR proceed from WILFUL dense, crass MISREPRESENTATION, ignorance, o r from deliberate malice, the misrepresentations of Catholic doctrines and practices, in which most Prptestant j ournnls^im!ulge, are very discreditable to them. We wish we could attribute their glaring and very often ludiorous perversions of truth to the forinW cause, but the gross violations of common sense arid' charity involved in some .of. tlie misstatements are scarcely reconcilable with such a supposition. When we find. that men not wholly, uneducated or unread, and to whom Catholic class books are not inaccessible, uttering ridiculous falsehoods on subjects Connected with Gtfholio faith or devotions, and when we find that this is done in a tone and manner both unchristian and discourteous, it is hard to. believe that these men are sincere' ,aiid honest, and have.not wickedly Confcpii$I to conceal, the --truth ,'and, ;decei,y^, ji.he^r too credulous readers.: ( i^aloltip*^, of, ,the kind a» so common thai,. .Catholics^do not • head 'th^iu ;, they,- are; ..so., contain ptibl e 1 th at'the: serenity of tbe.Chungh s not ruffled 1 by- lthein.: , But -when we meet with a nioreithin ordiuarily absurd exainple-OtsiibhTfoul play.we'snrve'itilp' for the amuseinHntof-- 'ounr*»(inrn. . The Southern' (St'oasof ^Saturday affords us uch the- following paras r,l R|? .!.!.,", 1'' i'. ' ;.' •;"'. , .l^Wiare.Tiu^iteei.it? believe fl&t.j;&e;^loor souls '^yitiioea Pfpe js, decree -to .,a I^Ndyi 'they, are "iri- — witli a new office in the celestial hierarchies. Till that particular Thursday they oould not intercede for anybody; but the Pope has conferred this power on them. They now belong to the chosen order who stand betwixt God and man. They can hear prayer, and present it. On the blowing of certain silver, trnmpets in St. Peter's, and the utterance of certain Latin words by human lips, their souls were advanced to new thrones in heaven. What a remarkable theory of heaven, of heavenly rule and order, is involved in that theory ! Of the one hundred-and-fifty bishops who carried wax candles at the ceremony, of the thirty three red-hatted cardinals who shed a flame-coloured splendour over it, did one in his secret heart believe the affair to be anything but an enormous and infinitely foolish piece of make-believe? Does any sane Catholic in this colony really believe that the Pope, by putting his signature to a bit of earthly parchment, alters thn status of spirits in heaven P Are the orders of the celestial city, then, readjusted each day according to the latest instructions from the Vatican P Our Romish fellow-citizens are not fools, therefore we are sure they do not seriously think this. Yet exactly this was what the gorgeous ceremony at the Vatican meant, if it had any meaning. More stupid fooling than this, or a more ridiculous or malicious perversion of the truth, we have not met with in defamatory Protestant literature. Ev ery Catholic ktiowa that there is no pretension on t.he part of the Church that its decree of CruionisittioQ raises t.iie neve saint " to a new order in heaven " or "to a ne<r office in the celestial heirarchy,*' and every Catholic reading this article will be convinced that the writer in the Southern Gross, knowingly, wilfully, and of malice* prepense, misrepresented the case". The Church arrogates to itself no powe# that belongs to God alone, but after long and patient examination, in which evidence is most patiently sifted, and most ingeniously questioned by learned ecclesiastics charged with that duty, declares that certain persons have led spptless' lives, have died the death of the righteous, and are in such favour with God that the faithful may, with advantage, seek their intercession. This was done in the. very earliest days of • the Church. Such a recognition of preeminent sanctity is recognised in Protestant prayers, and there are little dissenting societies which follow the example a very long way behind, as whea they have the presumption to declare that someone who has received "a call'' in times of revival excitement has become one of tlie " elect." However, it would be a waste of time to pursue the subject with those who are perversely blind, oic knowingly bear false witness, and so We aha! go no further- than to give the decree of canonisation, which is as follows:— To the honour of the holy and undivided Trinity, for the glory of the Catholic faith, and for the increase of our holy religion, by authority of our Lord Jesus Christ, and pf tlie holy apostles, Peter and Paul, and by our own authority, after full deliberation, and having often implored the Divine aid, by . desire of ojir venerable brethren the cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, and of the patri« archs, archbishops, and bishops present in tlie Holy City, we decree and define, the blessed John Baptist De Rossi, Laurence of Brindisi, and Benedict Joseph Labre, confessors, and Blessed Clare of the. Cross, virgin, to be saints, and do inscribe them in the catalogue of the saints; and we ordain that their feast be devoutly kept each year by the Universal Church as .follows :—Hit of John Baptist on the 23rd of May, that of Laurence on the 7th July, that of Benediot Joseph on the 16th of April, as confessors non-Pontiffs, and that of Clare on the 18th of August, as a virgin. In the name of f the Father ^ and of the Son »{«, and of the Holy >J< Ghost. Amen. . . : >T A SHORT time ago A PROBABLE was mentioned—that CONNECTION, several American ladies were about to go. to Ireland to assist the Ladies'^ Land League there. Next we heard that "a question was. put in Congress as to . the number and names of American "citizens in gaol in Ireland, and lastly it was reported that the English Government intended to" abstain from further interference with the Ladies'. Land League. these three events in-any way connected t They inay riot be, and yet it seems to U8 liiost likely, that they are. The; Ladies' Land League was declared to be illegal, police constables rudely forced theii".way in}tc> jthe meeting of that; body, offei- WTOly.^hre^tened the member^ j iiw down their names and order^d.thec^ftO disperse; ,The.ladies heeded riot.^hese threats; and in a few instances they.were pntinto execution. It was said that the ikdies were doing the work of the imprisoned leaders of the people, and that the movement could not be criiBbed'fill the women's organisation was suppVessiad. Yet ribw we find that :thB Ladies' liand League is t;o be no further piolested. aricl no reason .'whatever is assig^fid' fbr^ti&t; hange of front. If those Anierioah ladies commenced to give relief to S d tenants, the Government have some hesitation abont imprisoning them for the p^ormance of that work of charity. That would be an outrageous proceeding which the American people would not be likely to regard witha smile. They have not bristled up at the imprisonment of one or two American gentlemen who took an active part in the political agitation, but the incarceration of their brave countrywomen would be going a little further than they would be likely to patiently stand. They are not, seemingly, in the mood to calmly endure such a trial of their temper. The interference of England in the Panama affair has, we may be sure, wounded their national susceptibilities. Before that there was no quest ion asked about the American citizens in English gaols. The assassination of the President, and the grief of the nation, absorbed all its thoughts; and tbe messages of condolence from England, fraught as they were with unadulterated effervescing sympathy of recent manufacture, beguiled, for the time being, the softened American heart. Now that condition of things is past. Other affairs possess an interest for those who have put off their mourning habits, and the Panama business receives their serious attention. It would not do for the English Government to proceed against the Irish members of the Ladies' Land League, and suffer those from America to carry out their mission unmolested. That course would be a clumsy exposure of Ministerial motives, and, rather than betray these, it would be better to announce that the Ladies' Land League would not be farther interfered with. The three events we have noticed may possibly be connected. We don't say that they are, bat merely submit our speculations on the subject to the consideration of a quickwitted people, who can read a mile-stone a long way off. 