THE COMING WATERLOO CUP. BX SKIDDAW. Within a month of the leading coursing event of the year, one would naturally expect a Jong list of betting quotations, with which to afford eome guide to the ultimate issue; but betting there has been little or none ao far. The Australian Cup of last week ought to have set the ball rolling; and unless some incident arises oat of the West Boarke Plate meeting this week (where no fewer than 24 of the Waterloo Cup candidates are assisting), this year's " blue riband of the leash" will De flat, stale, and unprofitable up till the eve of thecontest. Belowi jotdownthe performances of some of the greyhounds belonging to promi nent nominators, supplementing them with a selection of four names, and it will be a gratification and a stroke of luck if the eventual winner emanates therefrom; bat the task, 1 must confess, is anything bat a congenial one, with the limited material to work upon. Of the 52 Victorian nominations, Mr. M, AdamBon is the first to catch the eye, and it will be remembered that he palled off the big event with Lady Maryborough, who was thereupon bought by Mr. Harvey Patterson for a big figure. Mr. F. Armytege, daring the little betting that has transpired, has been occasionally backed-for the reason, I pre sume, that be owns a fast greyhound in Reform. Last year this son of Chester and Cowslip (now in his second season) failed to raise a flag in either Cup or Parse; and this season be waB defeated in the first round of the Shrewsbury Plate at the Werribee. Pace be undoubtedly possesses; bat he died away to nothing on the latter occasion, and I do not fancy his chance with the improved hares of the Sunbnry OvaL Mr. W. Bailey showed as two average poppies recently at Ballarat, in Tom Buck and Buttercup re spectively, dividers of the Derby and Oaks: and the next name worthy of special mention at this early date is Mr. W. Cain, who last year ran Proserpine, beaten by Lady Maryborough ; but one was as good as the other, and in all probabilityi were they to meet again, the Australian Cup victress would torn the tables on the Waterloo Cup heroine. Mr. B. Chimside has a nsefal team to select from, and the pick -of his present season's display embraces Swiftwing, winner of the Australian St. Leger; werribee Shadow, one of the last three in the Austra lian Cup; and Werribee Gem, who ran up to Magpie for the Vigorine Gap, at the Sunbury Oval. Ballarat was well represented laat year by Colleen More, who won three courses, and then had to knock under to Lady Maryborough; bat the poppies brought oat by Mr. A. Clarke, at the produce meeting there a fortnight ago only ran moderately. Mr. Crosbie is a new nominator, and his beat public performer this season would appear to be Cigar, who won three courses in the Australian St Leger, and was defeated by Honour and Glory in a short coatee after an undecided. Fit and well on the day, tbia eon of Wild Bake and Lioness should take some beating. Grand JHaneur, winner of the Fttaroy and Westrj&oorks; Presidents Cap for Mr. A. Davies on the Queen's Birth day) will be out-classed. ME. J. Fawcett was one of the dividers at Ballarat, with Fastness; and Mr, 0. Fraeer (a new «Midid»te) won the Ladies'ijBraoelel, qvet the Waterloo ground, with Cb©« terfield ajfortni^ht sgo.wnolike. ceuple of courses in the Australian week. Mr. David Jones b a newnommitor, who won the Vigorlne Cop 0b9 Ofil W* cently with Magpie, a rery dancatoas pappr* A nomination backed to win* pile of moBV is that of Mr. James M'Callocb, who told me a day or two sines that he had not the re motest idea what would ran for Una. That it will be a hot one is a pretty aafe anticipa tioo. Mies Clara won the Victorian Ladies Plate in gallant style at the last meeting on the Oval, hat Mr. W. M'Culloch makes bo secret of his fancy for Mornington, a fairly fast pappy by Dionysius O'Kane oat of Belgian Queen, who won two courses in the Australian St Leger, and was defeated by Farderougha, the runner up, by a very close shave. In addition to Lady Maryborough, last year's winner, Mr. Harvey Patterson has Pirate II.. by. Robin Hood oat of Nemesis, who landed the Victorian Derby last month. Mr. W. Patterson's Wanton Lass won three courses in last year's Waterloo Cop; and Luke divided the Vic* torian Derby the same season, whilst he won one course in the Australian Cap last week, or, at least, the judge said so; most people thinking him decidedly beaten by JaeL Mr. W. K. Thomson has a useful puppy, viz, Truthful, who led Pay Cash in the Victorian Oaks, and, being a January youngster, ought to be considerably improved by next month. Mr. J. Whittinghams best in pablic is this season is Whenyman, winner of three courses in the Victoria Club Derby, and just the stamp of dofc to create a turn up in the best calculations. Mr. Wolstenholme has Wee Bessie entered for the West Bourke Plate this week, and unless she gets severely ran in the Vineyard paddock, this game ana clever little bitch will most likely be seen amongst the Waterloo Cap sixty-four next month. Mew South Wsles has eight nominations, the first of note being Mr. W. Lamb, whose Lollipop, by Strephon-Lassie, was in the last three of the Dockaime Stakes at Bathnrat, in April, whilst she boat Kingfisher in a bye at the Werribee last week. It should be borne in mind, however, that Kingfisher was done with, while Lollipop was a fresh greyhound. Mr. Lamb has also Little Buttercup, second for the Odes at Bathnrst, and beaten by Kingfisher in the fourth round of the Australian Cup; whilst Lamplighter, runner-np for the New South Wales Derby, must not be passed over. Mr. Lee Lord and Kingfisher have been associated since the Australian Cup was in progress, and it may be taken for granted that the speedy English-bred dot; runs for the Sydney coarser named. The pace of Mr. Cooper's dog is wonderful, and, if he can only kill the Snnbory hares, nothing will have the ghost of a chance with him. Otherwise, a greyhound half- a-dozen lengths inferior to him in speed may out-work or ont-Btay him; bat the Victoria Plump ton coarses are not near so Bevere as were those of the Werribee last week, and therefore I think Kingfisher will take a lot of beating. At all events, I shall stand Mr. Lee Lord on the present occasion, and Kingfisher three weeks hence, as one of the likeliest to win the Waterloo Cap of 1882. Mr. H. E. Lord is a new nominator, and might ran Lollie, who won two courses in the Australian Cap ; or Teddington, winner of the Parse, may be relied upon. Mr. H. M'Quade owns a good performer in My Lord, who won the Dockairne Stakes, of 20 all-ages, at Batharst, laBt April, and the following month lauded the HawkeBbury Cop. Mr. A. L. Park's best is Patience, winner of two courses in the Batharst Cap at the beginning of the season, when she was beaten by Albert, the winner. Mr. A. Town is well supplied with Tangle, winner of the Batharst Oaks in April, and divider of the Hawkeabury Parse last month, whilst he won the Batharst Cup with Albert, as just noted. Sonth Australia, though represented by three nominations only, will send some good quality, for Mr. Pearce won the Adelaide Oaks and the Produce Trophy, in April, with Pay Cash ; Locket, at the same time, placing the Derby to his credit Mr. Rounsevell will most likely entrust his Waterloo Cap chance to Reseda, who, with the whole of the kennel, wilt be brought to the hammer on the day of the draw. The third of the South Australian contingent is Mr. A. Smith, who, judging by the comparatively short price of the nomination, will again start Bashful Maid. This bitch has twice ran second for the great prize, bat she mast now be in ihe sere and yellow leaf, and I shai pass Mr. Smith by on that account. Mr. S R. Falkiner is the sole representative of Tas mania, and he has Frenchman and Peerless the one second, and the other winner of Pappy Stages in the island this season. Having glanced at those nominators who at present look most like playing a promi nent part in the important contest, It wOi now suffice if I close with a selection of four reserving a fuller analysis till a fortnight hence. The quartette are Mr. LB LORD, Mr. HABVET PATTERSON, Mr. W. M'CUIAOCB, and Mr. H. GOBS. 