St. John's Church, Balmain. The foundation-stone of a new church, to be erected in Birchgrove-road, North Balmain, was laid on Saturday afternoon by the Vicar-General of Sydney, the Rev. Dean Cowper, in the presence of about 600 spectators. Amongst those present were the Revs. T. B. Tress, incumbent of St. Mary's, Rev. E. D. Madgwick (St, Thomas's. Rev. Mr. Hargraves, Rev. Mr. Noake, Rev. .W. Moore (Wesleyan), Mr. W. A. Hutchinson (mayor of Balmain), Alder- man Elkington), Captain Broornfield, Cap- tain Burkinshaw, Mr. J. F. Franki, Mr. F. E. Robinson, and Sir. T. J. Jaques. The building is to be erected in accordance with the designs prepared by Mr. Edward H. Buchanan, architect, Balnain, and to be constructed of brick on stone foundation. The structure to consist of a school church 65ft long- and 40ft wide, side wails 14ft high from floor to wall plates, ingress and egress be- ing obtained by front and side porches, and interior lighted by side lancet end couplet and circular gable windows, and two rooms, each 18ft long and 16ft wide, forming an adjunct to roar gable, and to be used as vestry and infants' classroom respectively. The walls to be of brick, arches and bands of patent pressed and closed bricks. Front gable to be surmounted with stone belfry, with stone terminals and iron finals. The roof is to be open timbered, lined on top, and covered with slates. The site being elevated and open to view from a great many points of surrounding country, the neat design and commodious proportions of the building will show to great advantage. The church will be ventilated by Tobin's system of ventilation.. The cost (exclusive of fittings) will be about £1200, tend accommodation will be provided for about 850 adults, independent of choir rooms. The erection is being carried on under the superintend ence of Mr. E. H. Buchanan, who gives his services gratuitously. Messrs. Brown and Riordan are con tractors for stone and brickwork, and Messrs. Wil~ liam and Clyner, builders, for the carpentry, joinery, and finishing trades. Mr. J. P. Franki. on behalf of Mort's Dry Dock, presented the whole of the stone required for erection gratuitously. Previous to the ceremonya special service, consisting of the singing ef hymns by tho combined choirs ot St. Mary's and fit. Thomas's, prayers, and the read ing of portions of Scripture, was held. The Dean then performed the ceremony in the usual orthodox manner, using the words, 'I lay this as the foundation stone of a new school church, to be built in this place, to be named after the Apostle St. John, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' In the course of his address the Dean, adverting to the large increase of population in the district, which had necessitated the building of the church, said he had no doubt that in a few years a much larger church would be required to meet the increased requirements of {he people. Ha found that there were about 17,000 people m Bahnain, and taking the Church of England proportion of the population as two- fifth this would give 6800 as the number of their members. The ex isting accommodation at the two churches of St. Mary's and St. Thomas' only afforded room for 3200 ; end this fast showed the necessity for oilier churches to bd butt in other parts of the municipality. He 'trusted that the people would subscribe largely to this most worthy causa. After some remarks from the Eev. T. B. Tress a collection was made, which realised tha eum of JE86 8s 3d. Complete ao3 Utter failnre will Inevitably attend aU attempts to jdval TTdoipbo Wolfe's Sdiiedam Aromatic Scbujippg. 33ia secret agencies oi this marveltooa prepara tion *w in the hands of the proprietors, and surely they jjnfaiwli^^ lYV^Iai^if ££fJBff$(- TCU) WoHda JE90Wl8dg$ wbiQIL hue mndaaaBUBytemofthe-fieatest tonio, antt^yBpeptio nMmntfu^it sitscftGlve. find TssfaoEatlvo known to xxui^ilcnl A splendid show flils.-wsefc-of fanjey-worsfea end diagonal goods a££338 the enit to measnre. mils is an exception ally gooaline. MetUHmwaght.darfcSootck.nna'West o£ Ehgkndfl, suitable for the coming season, at 10s 6d the iraHBaisiocrdex. J^ery country resident ehoald write for oqrguida to Belf -measurement and patterns, sent post free. ILL. Bummerfieldjjbhfi JPeoijle'B Jailor, Pitttetreeb.^Brd^.1 