The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1882. It seems that we have not yet done with the controversy about the Farrell Clerical Scholarship. A writer in yesterday's Register, disregarding the rule usually ob- served by journalists, has endeavored to evade the force of our article of Monday last, by characterising it as "a semi official answer, published with authority." Nothing csuld have been wider of the mark. It was written by a person who took the course which it might be assumed any honest writer would pursue—applying to the secretary of the Collegiate School for the necessary information. It was important to understand the causes of the delay in awarding the Clerical Scholarship, and for that purpose it was obviously proper to en quire on what occasions the business had been dealt with, and what had been done on those occasions. This information we gave, verified by dates, and we had no source of information which was not open to any other news paper writer. It is equally absurd to de scribe our article as a " labored defence" of the governors. It was little more than a nsrrative of the facts, in so far as we had been able to ascertain them, and the conclusion at which we arrived was that, rightly or wrongly, the governors had acted in good faith, and that they had endeavored to do substantial justice. But they are the ma- agers of a public school, and their acts are open to criticism. We are prepared to characterise any doubtful proceeding of theirs as it may deserve, but we will not seek to snatch a verdict against them by mystifying our readers by the imputation of unworthy motives or by dishonesty in dealing with facts. Our contemporary has said that our " defence" was " in some respects inaccu rate." Now we shall presently show that our statement was in one respect inaccu rate, through inadvertence, but it is an in- accuracy that our contemporary has not discovered. Nor has he discovered any other. Our statement that "the proceed ings now referred to relate to a period when the ordinary bausiness of the council was interrupted by an injunction from the Supreme Court" was strictly correct. It is true that the injunction restrained the Council from dealing with only one subject, and one only, but it was one involving the whole internal administration of the school; and it was not possible that the ordinary business of the council should be otherwise than seriously "interrupted" by the heated discussion that arose out of it. These were among the points which a fairminded writer would feel bound not to overlook in judging of the circumstances that led to delay. Still less have we been convicted of inaccuracy in the proof we gave that the Rev. John Bach was not at the time of his death, or for a long time previous to it, acting as a clergyrman of the Church of England. We disposed of the quibbling arguments about the " licence" having been still in his pos session in a manner to which there was no reply, and naturally none has beea at- tempted. But, misled by a memorandum before us, we made one inaccurate state- ment which we are glad to have an opportunity of correcting. It was said in this memorandum that "atten- tion had been called to regulation 5," the regulation which requires that the clergyman whose son presents himself as a candidate shall have been acting as a clergyman up to the time of his death. We supposed that tbe attentibn of the solicitors had been called to this regulation, and that it was by them that it was pro- nounced a fatal objection. But we discover with regret that it was only the attention of the council that was called to it, and that the provision seemed so clear that no further reference was deemed necessary. It was when this point was brought up that the decision to declare the scholarship vacant was arrived at. The governors appear to have been deliberate when they ought to have hastened their proceedings, and hasty when they should have been deliberate. It cannot be denied that their case is weakened by their referring the more trifling objections to their lawyer and seeming to act as their own lawyers in reference to that which was the gravest. As they had waited so long it would have been better had they waited for yet another meeting in order to refer this point also for a legal opinion. The regula tion itself is very clear, but it should have been included among the other points sub- mitted to their advisers. We think that they are bound to do this even now, before proceeding to hold another examination. Our contemporary, referring to tbe fact that the decision of the governors respecting Bach was arrived at on November 14, and that a quarter's instalment of theecholM ehip wee paid to him on the 15th, proceeds to Bey:—* 4There wbs no intimation ac compaovingthe remittance that the scholar ship was to be withdrawn, and it was only when some time afterwards,* rumor having reached Mrs. Bach to that effect, chat she ascertained, in reply to a letter forwarded to the governors, that they had determined to dispossess her son of his scholarship.'' On this point also we have referred to the secretary. We are informed by him that on November 15, by the direction of the cooccll, he wrote to the headmaster, irr fotnuEg him the council had determined that the Farrell Clerical Scholarship should be declared vacant at the end of the pre sent year, and that Bach would be paid np j to that date, also requesting him to notify this to Bach. On the aame day a letter was addressed to the bursar, directing pay ment to be made in eccordance with the reaolotion recently arrived at. But there is another point of great im portance in connection with this subject which has not yet been touched upon. The printed regulations fat the F&rrell; Scholarships adopted by the governors with the approval of the visitor, are the under stood conditions of candidature. They were on all hands as clearly understood tn that light as the printed " conditions of sale*' before an auction. The govemon we believe j did no more than honestly attempt to en- ! force their own regulations. But it iaa question quite open for consideration whether the regulations themselves are I legal. If they go beyond the powers con- : ferxed in Dean Farrells will they are in. j capable of being legally enforced; and that i is a point about which the governors had better be sure if there is to be any more law business. There seems reason to believe that some of the atatntos! or by-law? go beyond the powers con veyed in the Act of Incorporation which constitutes the governisg body. And if there it£ a question also respecting the regulations under Dean Farrell's will, it seems inevitable that there should be ere long some thorough revision of the manage ment of this institution. The governing body is itself an anomaly. Its nwmbfla ! are honorable men, trying to do their doty, but they are responsible to no one. If a vacancy ocean in their body they fill it up themselves. All the evils are incident to this constitution which have been expe rienced in the history of every close corporation. If legal questions sliouldariae, much of the property of the institution is in dtnger of being dissipated by costly legal proceedings. The transactions of the governing body are cot, like those of the | University, subjected to the wholesome ctech of publicity. All this seems to bint i to them that if tt?y would not be blind to the signs of tbe times they had better re- j form themselves. To*: action of the President of the United States in regard to the question of the neutrality of the projected Panama Canal has somewhat surprised the European Powers, eech of whom has received from the American Minuter attached to its court a note identical with taat handed bj Mr. Lowell to Earl Granviile. The note, which was written ?n June 24th by Mx. Blaise, the late Secretary of State, Ett? fuith that through current statements of (he European press and other chmmmlH of coamunkation, it has fallen under the obceivation of the President that the Great rowers may poscib!y be considering the subject of jointly guaranteeing the neutrality of the Canal; that the United States re cogrise the necessity of such a guarantee of neutrality; that the United States Government as far back as 1810 provided for that necessity by negotiating a treaty in that jear between it and Columbia, by which treaty the United States Government pfeitirely guaranteed the neutrality of the isthmus for the maintenance of free transit from ocean to ocean; and that ia the judg meLt of the President that guarantee does Lot require reinforcement or assent Cram any other power. The Government of Colombia now desire not to withdraw front bat to terminate this agreement by mutual cotetnt —a proceeding which Mr. Blsiae when is office, regaraed as vndeskabta. Columbia, moreover, has expressed a with that the European Powers should be j?iat guarantors of the neutrality of tbec*aaL The United Btates Government ha* nit, eye the President, any intentiun of inter, ft rirg with maritime enterprise oa the part of other countries, but desires to reserve to iteelf complete p6ihieal control of the waterway. It it a rather far-fetched idea on the part of the President to maintain that only the doited States sxd Colombia caa be parlies to an agreement, in wfaiab, bj tight, ell ths gnat maiitime power* ought to be con certied. If tnch an a/reement b9 tacitly permitted by Kufupeau States it would not bo an unjustifiable act on the put of the two contracting Governments, in the event of a < utore war, to agree to the closing of the cantl against all comets. Besides £n>isnd, man than any other nation, has an interest in all that concerns the pro pped canal by reason of the possession of her Australian colonies. England might as veil urge that she and the adjoining States fifconld possess political control of the Eogleh Channel or ot the Irish Sea. It seen* a pity that the United States Go vernment should have deemed it necessary to initiate a policy which will in all proba bility create straii>ednd?iionsttttweenit,eU and the Europen Powers, and England especially. He Maine's note, while pro fessing friendly feelings towards those Cabinets which bare received it, contains one paragraph which wean a somewhat bellicose aspect. It runs as follows:— "Any movement in the sense of supple menting the guarantee contained therein" (t a, the treaty of 1646) " would necessarily be regarded as an uncalled-for intrusion ifite a field wherein the local and general interests of America most be considered before those of any other power, save those ot the United States and Colombia alone/ This is atnmg language; and its tone a ccandy calculated to wia the approbation of EoropeandjnloniatisfaL Mr. Blame, whea be wrote the note, most have been singu larly blind to the probable co&aaauence;* to America ?f adopting arbitrary, if not arrogant, language to the Great European Powers. It is a sjme what lemarltable fact that the tote conteirs no reference whatever to the Clajton- Balwer Treaty of 1850. This treaty between die United States Govern ment and Great Britain provided for the contingency of a waterway over the fabmus, and stipulated that .England and the United States should enter intonegotu turns as joint guarantors. Mow, it is in credible that the Government across the Atlantic can have been ignorant of the existence of this treaty, and its silence on the subject casts a broad light on the ques tion of the "justice" of the right which that Government, as it now appears, desires to arrogate to itself to politically control the canaL Earl Granvilie coaununicated with the other European Cabinets with the object of despatching a joint note in reply to that submitted by Mr. Blame, but did rot meet with a favorable response* probably owing to a willingness on the put of the Continental Pomen to .throw upon Great Britain all the ritk and trouble of dealing with, this difficulty. The Government of the Uxited States has proposed to alter the provisions of the Bulwer-Ctajcon. Treaty so as to harmonue with Yankee pretensions in this matter. To each a course England will not conse&t.; The question, it appears from a telegram we published on Saturday, is uuler couadeiaiion in the Congress, and it ia to be hoped the l^ialature of the great Republic will deal with, tne matter in a fair and reasonable spirit, and that a settle ment will be arrived at to the satisfaction of ell panics. The Anglican Bishop of Adelaide will leave this colony by the mail steamer Carthage, on Friday, and it has been very properly felt by very many persons that there should be soai3 fmMic manifestation of respect for His Lord ship, and regret at his departure. It was originally intended that this demonstration should take the form of a gathering at the Glenelg pier to bid the Bishop farewell aad to wish him God speed; but this intention has bcenabandoned owing to His Lordship's feeble state of health. A prolonged leavetaking in which a multitude of persons would take part would be wry fatiguing to a person of the Bishop's advanced age and infirmities, and might be a bad preparation for a sea voyage, therefore it has been deiided to take leavo of l?r. Short in a quieter way. In compliance with a numerously-sigaed re quisition His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide has granted the Town Hall for this purpose. The proceedings, we understand, vrill be brief, and as tree from mere formality as possible. There is no sectarian element in the affair; the occasion will be one in which Sooth Australians of all classes and creeds will join inexpresaingtheir feelings of esteem for His Lordship as a clergyman, a Christian gentleman, and a good colonist, who has spent thirty-four years of his life among us; and while ably and with great seal and industry administering the afiairsof the diocese over which he is the bead, has at the same time identified himself with movements and insti tutions having for their object the mental and moral elevation of the community* In another column we publish a report from Dr. Paterson, the Colonial Surgeon, describ- ing the measures adopted to prevent the spread of smallpox in this colony through the arrival here of the steamer Garonne with that dreadful disease on board. We received news concerning this affair at an advanced hour on Tuesday morning just before going to press, and giving fuller particulars than were contained in the previous reports on which we based the remarks that appeared in our leading columns. Later in the day we were furnished with still further information by our shipping reporter. The matter was more serious than the news telegraphed from the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Borda had led persons to suppose. The Garonne left at the Cape of Good Hope a convalescent patient who had been affected with smallpox and one case had terminated fatally. After leaving Table Bay a fireman and a passenger bound for Sydney were attacked, and of course on the arrival of the Garonne in our waters all the passengers for this colony were compelled to go into quarantine. They were conveyed by the Garonne's boats to Torrens Island, and were in jubilant spirits, apparently regarding their detention as a good joke. Let us hope that they will continue in this frame of mind, but that if they should grow weary of their captivity they will be consoled by the reflection that it is for the public good. The island, if neither lively, luxuriant, nor lovely, is at least healthy in it's position, and the residents in look- ing each morning longingly towards the Mount Lofty range, will have their eyes glad- dened by a view of the city, and may enjoy in anticipation the pleasures in store for them when they reach it. In the meantime the authorities will do their best to make their stay ou the islet as agreeable as possible; and not only the personal friends of the detained but the public generally will wish them a happy deliverance, and hope that no cases of variola will appear among them. Il appears useless to hope that even a toler able idea of the position of ttie Australian lolcnicb, geographical, political, aud com mercial, will become general, in what vr? call the " eld country." for many a Ioa? day ta cense. We have sometimes supposed that the very eiouauat jgnoraoc? an*. Wnndem, that ' cropped up from time** turn* a* reareaM&ng; English notions of Australia, most ha*?, passed away and been superseded by SOa* t decent knowledge of these fair and prosperous ' lands. But we bare tuideractimst?4t^e pro fundity of the ignorance prevailing in Croat .Britain an to all antipodal affaire; and new illustrations arc constantly crap ping up of the astounding viievj eatar teined in the faluerUunl as tj what we are and who we arc who live in tbi* Urr* incognito f Here is a choice and instrastive CKtrac* from a writer in a recent issue of Truth, purporting to trace tie origin and portray the present condition of the Autra lian colonies:—" A handful of lind-grabberc. or 'equececd-ouf iwople. lay hold of a terri tory inhabited by a feeble folk, cauiy idUsd ' or driven away. They erect a few woolen huts, import a few sheeji an-1 c?"*l?, divid: the land into counties and townships, sat ap a Legislature, procure a Governor, anl then proceed to pass Acts authorising Uism t* borrow money (or public works. The haaor al>le Houses of Parliament provide thU, anl assign that, and declare it for the good of the colony that tne mother-country should IcnA five millions, or whatever sum its bold legis lators like to imagine, Looking at this pic ture, which is not one whit exaggerated, I cannot but roarvelat the gullibuity of nr countrymen." Tne writer evidently not only marvels at the gullibility of bis countrymen, but tries t? practise upon it. Notwithstanding the ignorant foolery of this precious scribbler, capitalists aresomehowgulled intoinvestingia. Australian Eecuritiea, thatgircbotb a goadaad safe return for the investment, and ate always saleable at a good price. And with then- experience they are not likely to be gulled by the nonsense of one whom thsr &? doubt "write down an a*s." Kor w3l th next loan that is floated suffer by an/ sack outlandish nonsense. But for all that there arc readers of English papers who are misled by statements of this random character, and it is a pity Oat a decent newspaper shoala : admit such rubbish into iU -columns. Oa. Monday we published revenue returns of three of the Australian colonies, and yesterday drew attention to some ?f the principal facts ooutainsd therein. <%ese returns form a quite asiasiiif commentary upon the extract we have quoted above; and a more effective antidote to the damage done to the colonies by such mis tatements Vould scarcely Joe desired thm the proof of prosperity and stability afforded by these returns. The question might pie eibly suggest itself to some members of our legislature whether, after all, it was the very wisest thing to do, when m"rh travesties of colonial affairs are being circu lated in England, just at thii juncture to impose upon newspapers a postage that m?t prevent the transmission of a huge number of papers that would at least disseminate some* thing like an accurate knowiege of our posi tion and resources. Whatever paltry addi tion may be made to the revenue by the postage will be dearly purchased at the ex pense of the restriction of the circulation ia England of reliable information concerning these colonies. It would be a wise policy fa? foster and increase the means of nmiri?ig our real condition known, and thus diverting some of the vast stream of emigration which, partly because of prevailing ignorance about Australia, is ever clawing towards the Ameri can continent. The health officer (Dr. Gething) went along- side the Garonne on Tuesday morning, but did not board her. Arrangements were made for landing the Adelaide passengers, who were conveyed to Torrens Island. The cargo is to be discharged into lighters by the ship's company, and after being thoroughly fumi- gated it will remain at the anchorage in the lighter for two days, after which it will be brought to Port Adelaide and landed on the wharfs. A Custom- house officer will be sent on board the lighter as soon as the cargo is fumigated to take charge, but no one else will be allowed to approach it. Every precaution has been taken to prevent communication with the shore by the people on board, and beyond the temporary inconveniences re- sulting from the preventive measures it has been necessary to take it is hoped that no trouble will result from the visit of the Ga- ronne. A doctor is to be sent to the quarantine station to remain there permanently until the occupants are discharged. There are no indi- cations as yet of any of those at the quaran- tine station being affected. Tney are all com- fortably settled as far as possible, and arrange- ments have been made by which a steam-launch will leave Port Adelaide daily at noon for Torrens Island, and any letters or packages from Adelaide to relatives or friends in quarantine will be received by Dr. Gething, the health officer, and safely delivered. About twelve months ago Dr. Gething re- commended to the Government that a tele- phone wire should be laid from Adelaide to Torrens Island for use when the quarantine station was occupied. For some reason or other the request was not granted, the conse- quence being that a steam-launch has to be kept always in readiness for the medical men to visit the station. Just now the Govern- ment launch Dione being in want of new fit- tings or something else a private launch has had to be borrowed for Dr. Gething to use. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide will be a passenger by the X.M.S. Carthage, which leaves Adelaide for England on Friday next. A number of influential gentlemen have arranged that a farewell adore*; shall be presented to His Lordship on behalf of the colonists generally, and the presentation is to be made in the Town Hall to-morrow afternoon at 3.30, the use of the hall having been kindly granted for the purpose by His Worship the Mayor. The demonstration ii intended to lie of a thoroughly representa tive character, irrespective of creed, and doubtless many colonists will be glad of this final opportunity of bidding farewell to the venerable prelate who has labored so carneiUy and conscientiously in this colony for thi last thirty-four years. The cricket match I>etwecn the All-Engiani Eleven and the Combined Team was con tinued at Melbourne on Tuesday, and when stumps were drawn the game was at a most interesting stage. The Combined Texn. finished their innings for a total of 3iJ, or Uli in advance of the aggregate made by their opponents in the first inningx, and when play was suspended the All- England Eleven hal scored 'J3S at a cost of eight wickets. The game will be resumed to-day, and it is to be hoped that the match will be concluded betorc 4 o'clock, the time fixed for the draw ing of stumps. We arc informed that the number of shares applied for in the South Wittabrinna Quarts Aiming Company exceeds n,OW, ana ti?l they will be allotted pro rata. Mr. Daniel Scagcr, of Glen Osmond, mat with an accident on Wednesday, December US, by falling oS a haystack, breaking his leg. Ine sufferer is now in the Adelaide Hospital. A little boy, named Frederick Sheridan, who resides with his relatives in Elitabeta street, fell down and broke his thigh on Tues day, January 3. He was admitted to the ho>i At a meeting of the directors of the Largj Bay LauJ Company, held on Tuesday, January 3, it was resolved to apply to tas next 1-arhament for a private Bill for the consi ruction of a railway from Oiaurille junction to the end of the jetty at L.urg* liay. ll:c number of |a.s%enyers who arrived at Port Adelaide l>> ?ea during the week tu*t vuded Saturday, jJoceiulwr :u, was Hi, all of ? hum were from Melbourne. The number who left !?>? sea during- the same period wa.% 419, of ??horn 41 > were tor Alelbourac, and 4 lv \\\ est Australia. H Ilic police received a telegram from Eudunda late on Tuesday uight stating that the girl Alice Lam, who was tost in Balbina sei-ui> on Friday last, had been found, noae the worse lor her compuisory outiug. She liad travelled over thirty niuca duiuig the time she was in the scrub. We have been shown a pretty specimen of ornamental work in the shape of an address recently presented to Mrs. Menz on the eve of her birthday by the employes of the firm of W. Menz &. Co. The address was engrossed and illuminated by Miss E. M. McCarthy, of Hutt-street, aud as a piece of artistic work does credit to that lady's taste and skill. The police received a telegram from Port Adelaide on Tuesday evening, January 3, stating that a female infant, winch was bom on Monday, had been accidentally smothered by its mother on the following day. Toe father of the child, it is stated, is named Alfred West, and he resides at Portland Estate. The coroner has been communicated with respecting the matter. Lite number of births and deaths registered in the General Registry Office donng the week ended Saturday, December 2*. was:— Births—o2 males, 07 females. Deaths—s9 males, 59 females. ToUl-129 births, 9S deaths. Excess of births, 3L In the district of Adelaide the numbers were:—Births—2S males, 21 females. Deaths—lS males, Si ftmates. Tolal-44births.*)death* tisccs otbirthfl.4. A paticut of tho Parknle Lunatic Atylun. named DeimU Malonc, committed suirid? by stabbing himself with a carving-knife 0:1 Monday, January 2. It U stated that aa attendaut and one of the patients were wash ing the knives when deceased, who was walk iug up and down part them, picked up th.' carving-knife and stablied himself with it. He died f rum the wound next morning. Au iuqueat will be held by tiie city coroner to-morrow. The following tenders for Government works wero ripened on the 29th ult.:—Archi tecVin-ChielS Department — Stipendiary luagittiate'y reidence, Streaky Bay, 4, J. Garrett ft ,Sons; B*druth police station alterations 2, Sara & Dimxtan; Gawler public Hcbool, painting and repaint, 2, F. J. Benson. l?u Ti'ewUy. January X, the following were opened : — Alterations m ti? old court-home (Uawler) for police barrack*. 3, Thos. White lowest; Engineer-in-Chicfs Department — Goods-shed at Parachilna, 2, J. Scduu*ry., Mr. C. A. Moody aud Mr. X. A. Lord, the former of whom is staying at the United Sen ice Hotel, went out for a drive on Monday, to Craters and on their return met with an accident. It appear* that when on ttmreturu journey in the. evening it was found the break would not act, the re*ult being that.when coming down the hill between Crafen aad the Eagle the undue pressure of the vehicle caused the horse* to take fright. The trap was overturned, and iU occupants thrown out. Mr. Lord wan severely shaken, but Mr. Moody unfortunately sustained somewhat severe injuries. His thumb was badly cut, and it is feared that erysipelas may possibly act in. A grant ?t??l la done toward* rendering the every day life of the boys on the reformatory hulk as pleasant aapomble, butcomparativery little attention is given to them when they leave. A rait of clothes, a shilling, and some good advice are about all they generally re ceive when pot on shore, but ntittaw they have parents or friends to go to, these are not suffi cient. A shilling does not go very Car towards providing board and lodging, and if the boys have no home they are tempted to resume a diahonwt method of eairTlngaliveUhood. The Government aright eawly arrange raw sys tematic means of providingtheboys situation* when they leave the hulk, as there are not very many of them,'and no doubt there are plenty of tradesmen and others who would be willing to employ them on trial. Mr. Samuel Moriey, writing to the Htm York Tribum*, says :—" I have unaltered faith in the soundness of the free trade doc trine, and a firm conviction, an the result of a Homewhat extended visit to various portions *>f the States, that it will ultimately become the policy of this country. I have be?n greatly struck everywhere by the evident and growing desire for free trade, and am am convinced the American manufacturers neSd ao protection. I think, taking into consideration the cost of living, that ? labor ing man w as well paid in England as in America. I recently helped to return to his native land an English mechanic, who as- Kured me he could live as w?U for 40*. a wevk in England as for COs. a week in Philadelphia. The laborer seems to feel the independence of position more here, but lie if fully as inde pendent of his employer in England as here." A correspondent informs ns that the need of an institute at the Point Macteay Mission Station, in which the natives may amoaa and improve themselves in their spare time, hat been much, felt of late. A very successful enter tainment in aid of ouch a building was given in the mitioon church on the evening of De cember 26. The chair wa* taken by Mr. C Eaton Taplin, and a lengthy programme, consisti&fi; of recitations, readings, and songs wa? veiy creditably carried oirt. The entertain ment wa? given with one or two exceptions by tisnativeKnaentaoftbemiaaionstatioii. Their performances in most instances would have done credit to any body of Adelaide ama teurs, and reflected great credit on the energy of Mr. F. W. TapUn, the superintendent, who trained them to thisdegreeof perfection. The audience, conaMfaic of natives, with just a sprinkling of white settler* ?Ued the build ing. The collection amounted to £112s. 9d. The Trinity Church Day-school, whiA i* under the management of Miss Klemming, was cloaed for the holidays on Thursday, December 22. The ac&olan;, to the number of about eighty, sang various pieces of mnsi, in a pleasing manner. The Rev. R. Reid had previously examined the senior pupils in writing, history, jgeograpby, and arithmetic, and expremed his pleasure at the careful teacliiug of Miss Flemming and at the evident progress which the scholars had made tinder her training, alluding at the same time to the good behavior of the children. The of needlework and of writing by .-cmc of the elder girls were specially worthy of praise. The prises were next distributed, and the "Song of Australia" and the 'National Anthem having been sung, the children joined heartily in various games, and all then wparaterf with mutual good wishes for "A merry Chrietmas, and a happy New Year." The uniforms of the poliee-troopeM of South Australia have always been very much admired by visitor)*, and it will be in the recollection of many that the Duke of Edin l>urgb particularly expressed admiration at the neatness of the dress and the soldierly appearance of the men. The authorities have this year, however, introduced some alterations whk-h, in view of the climate, can not fail to meet with the approbation of most people. The troopers are now supplied with helmet*) instead of the usual small cap for Niimmer wear, a decidedly advantageous chauge which will be conducive to the ease aud cotnfoit of the wearer*. The accoutre ments also are of lighter pattern than for merly, and the member* of the force stationed in the city are all mounted upon handsome j;rey honee. The metropolitan police have now well- fitting blue serge tonics instead of the white jacket* used last season, a change for which their wives will no doubt feel truly thankful. On Monday, January 3, a party of friends connected with the temperance movement, numbering about forty, sailed from the Port in the ketch Thomas and Annie on a trip up the river. It was originally intended to sail to TorrniH Island, but the Chief Secretary having advised that no one would be allowed to land, a* the Garonne was hourly expected, the pienkers steered for the Pineries. There keing an excellent breetK the vessel anchored in good dine, but owing to the low tide the passenger* had to take to the boats. It was found, however, that these could not be got near enough to land, and much amusement was cawed when the gentlemen had to step into the water and carry the ladies on their hacks. After lunch, which was provided by the ladies, games were indulged in, white Home xtroUed into the bosh or on the beach. At 5 o'clock all returned to the ketch, where tea was provided, after which the sails were set, and the i?rty returned to Port Adelaide hhortly after 10 o'clock, having spent a most pleasant (Lay. An inquest on the ljody of the child o* Emma Hughe*, which was adjourned from December 23 for the purpose of procuring further evidence, was continued at the Desti tute Asylum on Tuesday, January 3. The evidence previously taken related to the dis covery of Hushes (who was a domestic servant at Mr?. Colebatch s, at the Waterworks yard), just after her confinement, on her knees l>y the side of the bed, and the body of the child under the bed, its head being in an earthen vet-scL, face downwards. Hughes, on lieing qnextioned by the constable who was tailed, mid ehc was the Vife of a black- Mtiith named Ebenexer, at Koorinoa, but Arthur Wni. Abemcthv, a blacksmith living in Adelaide, naid he had known Hughes recently an a single girl, bat had no under standing as to marriage, and wac not aware vt the girl's pregnancy. Dr. Dunlop, who was called in to see Hughes, aaid he found her in bed, and the body of the child partly immersed in some liquid in an earthen vesseX From the appearance of the body it might iiocsibly have got into that position during ijirlfa. After making a post-mortem exami nation he came to the conclusion that the child had breathed imperfectly, 1 and that it had not lived because of the im perfect expansion of the right lira;. The proper expansion of the long might have men prevented by immersion. He saw no reason why the child, which was healthy and fully developed, thotild not have lived if it had had proper attention. The inquest was further adjourned till Friday afternoon next, in order to allow Mrs. Colebatch to give evi dence as t<> Hughes having made kuown her pregnancy. The aiiniventary of the Parkside Primitive Methodi?t Hiin?i?y-m:h<ir>l was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, January 1 and i Ser mons were preached on Sunday to good con urcgation? by the Rcvh. R. J. Daddo.w and S. Fairey. Tea and public meetings were held <>n Monday, aud were well atten<le?J. Mr. W. K. Coombe pi-exiiled at the latter meet ing. The report (4 the secretary <Mr. D, Martin) indicated that the school had made considerable advancement during the past year. The trcamirer"? balance-sheet showed that the income for the past year had met the expenditure, and that a library had been formed. A number of excellently selected hlm^,V n ""W* the ?*i?? services by the children and choir, under the leadership of Mr. W. Godden, awrfsted by Messrs. Fry, Werry, and Maddern, Miss Harman pre ?iding atthe organ. Addresses on various aapaofe of Sunday-school work were de- Inrsnd by tfc* chairman, an* the Beva. R. J. Tm? ?|mmi! BKBfc wa* held on the ffroaods of rtTflFod. J^nroiaiTrTat t>a?andV The ?tol*nM?f frflbdHtothe number of about U0 .were somcyed to. tfcr iiiinmii iahm vaaja>. Pudng tfca day amusements in Mm Mtape of croquet, cricket, swings, aad numer ous other game* and plays were entered into with avidity, and greatly enjoyed. Atth; request of the Rev. Mr. Goodwin, three hearty cheers were given by the company for the Hon. Mr. Crorier for the use of hH admirable grounds at Oakland*. Theehil drea returned to Parkside about 5.30 p.m., and were regaled with an excellent tea. la all respects this third anniversary wax the best ever held. Referring to the electric light companies recently established, the ffomx Xiiet says : — " The conspicuous success which has lately attended the experiments that have b.'?n made in the U3e of the electric I%H has given a great stimulus to dealing in the shares of these companies. Now that the city of London is regularly lighted by this i agency, that Paris has made large use of it for its public buildings, and that it is bzing turned to account for internal illumination as well—as in the cade of the Savoy Theatre in the Strand—the fears that were at one time entertained that it might prove better fitted for show than for use have in & gtvoi measure pasaed away. The Paris Electric Exhibition ha-s proved useful in directing attention to the subject, and the exhibition which it it proposed to hold in the metrjpjlh cannot fail to extend the interest of the pubjic. There may still be doubts whrthw the electric light will at any n?ar period of the future supersede gai as an illuminat ing agency, but there cannot bi much doubt that it is destined at all event* largely to supplement gas for both public and pcivatc purposes. The problem of dividing the light so as to fit it for private homes has been practically solved, and we may fairly expect that it will grow in favor and extend the area of its conquests rapidly during the next few years. That this U a general opinion is proved by the recent rapid advance of the shares of the electric light companies in public favor. In til probability there is a brilliant future before companies like the Electric light and Power and the Brush companies, and there is no rea-mn why investment in the ?hares of such companies should not prove a source of profit." Beuf Pasha, the Turkish Governor of Jeru salem, ha? (remarks the London DaHy TtU grafth) recently received imperative order* from Sultan Abdul Hamid to resume the work of restoration of Solomon's Temple, commenced under the reign of Abdul Ana, but discontinued some five years ago. The Path* has also been instructed to dear the great square fronting the Temple of all the rubbish and rank vegetation with which it n at present encumbered. In this square stands the famous Mosque of Omar, which derives a revenue of some £15,000 a year from pilgrim contributions and other sources. Hitherto the greater portion of this sum found its way annually to StambouL The Sultan, however, has decreed that henceforth it shall be applied to defraying the expense* of the works above alluded to, the present resumption of which, as well as their original inception, is due in reality to suggestions made at different times to the Ottoman authorities by members of the Austrian Imperial family. The restoration of the Temple ruins was begun at the instance of Francis Joseph during his visit to the Holy Land, shortly after the accession of Abdul Ariz to the throne; and it was the recent pil grimage of the Archduke Rudolph to Judaa that imparted a fresh impulse to the inter rupted enterprise. Not only has die Com mander of the Faithful signified it to be his sovereign will that the works should be carried out without further delay, but two officials of the Sublime Porte, Serid and Baif Effendim, have already left Constantinople for Jeru salem with instructions to take measures, on their arrival, for insuring the literal fulfil ment of His Majesty's decree. The gratitude of Christians and Jews alike is due to Abdul Hamid for lending his high authority to so generous and enlightened an undertaking. The city coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J. P.) held an inquest at the Adelaide Hospital on Tueiday, January 3, on the body of Gilbert Northcy, who died suddenly at that institution on the previous morning. Dr. Danes Thomas said he was called to see the deceased at a house in Hindmarsh-square, and found him sitting in a chair insensible and breathing heavily. From these and other symptoms he judged that the man was suffering from apoplexy, ! and ordered his removal to the hospital, as he thought that was the best course to pursue. ' Witness accompanied him there and saw him placed in one of the beds. He died the next morning. John Johns, a groom in the em ploy or Dr. Cave, of Hindmarsh, said that deceased had been in the employ of the doctor as an assistant for about three months. He was addicted to drink, and was intoxi cated en the Friday previous to his death. Witness bad heard him speak of a mother and sister who resided in. England. Deceased left Dr. Cave's place on the Friday above mentioned, and witness did not see him again alive. Margaret Morrison, widow, deposed that Korthey and herself were keeping com pany. He called at her placo ?n Friday j evening, and also on Saturday. On Sun day afternoon they went out fur a walk, and returned home about 9 in the evening. De ceased complained of being chilly whilst they were out walking, and when they returned to the house he went into the yard where she j heard him staggering about. She went at ' once to him, brought him inside, and used remedies for his recovery, but he became in sensible. They were to be married when deceased was in a position to marry. She met him first when in attendance upon Dr. Cave during that gentleman's illness. Corroborative evidence was given. Dr. Wilson said he ad- < mitted deceased into the Hospital on Sunday ' night. He was then insensible and remained so until Monday morning at 4 o'clock, when he died. Witness had since made a post mortem examination of the body and had found that the cause of death warn apoplexy. A verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was returned. A correspondent of the London Tlmet writes:—"The fact that Mr. ParoeU i* originally of English, and not Irish origin, seems not sufficiently known. In the 17th century the family occupied a good position at Congleton, in Cheshire, and were of the Commonwealth party during the civil wars. At the time of the restoration Thomas Paraell, the then head of the family, left , Engfemd and settled in Ireland, where he purchased an estate. The property descended to his son Thomas, the well-known author of 'The Hermit' and other poems, whose bio graphy finds a place in Dr. Johnson's ' Lives of the Poets.' From that work we learn that on the ejection bf the Whigs at the end of ' Queen Anne's reign, Paraell was persuaded ' to change his party, and he became the friend , of Swift, through whose influence he received valuable church promotion at the hands of Archbishop King. Dr. Aikin in his notice of the poet records this further fact, 'that in every year, as soon as he bad collected his rents and the revenues of his benefices, he came over to England and spent some months, living in excellent style, and im pairing s&ther; than improving his fortune. His brother Jolin, who succeeded to the es tates at bis death, was a judge of the Court of King's Bench, and the direct lineal an cestor of the present Home Rule leader. The late Sir Henry ParneU, who held o&ce; in England under Lord Melbourne's Govern ment, aud was by him created Baron Congleton in 1811, was descended from the same stock. Mr. Charles Stewart ParneU is tbebon of a younger brother, John Henry Parnell, of Avondale, county Wicklow, and was educated at Cambridge. He is now owner of the Avondale estate. Hu mother, as is well known, was American. From the above it would appear that this vehement agitator for restoring the land to the Irish people is no way Celtic in race, but descended from those who sided with Cromwell, towards whom the Irish hare an hereditary feeling of dislike.'" . Mr. J. if. Maskel yne, writing to the London Daily Telegraph, says :—" Having for many years been recognised by the public as an anti-spiritualist and exposer of the fraud* practised by spirit-media, it may surprise some of your reader* to learn that I am a believer in apparitions. Several similar occurrences to those described by many of your correspondents have taken place in my own family, and in the families of near friends and relatives. The most remarkable one happened to my wife's mother some years ago. Late one evening, whilst Hitting alone busily occupied with her needle, a stranpe sensation come over her, and upon looking up she distinctly saw her aged mother standing at the end of the room. She robbed her weary eyes and looked again, but the spectre had vanished. She concluded it was imagination, and retired to rent, thiuldng nothing more of the vision until the next day brought the news that her mother, at about the same time the apparition had ap peared, had fallen down in a fit and expired. 1 will also relate a circumstance which hap pened to myself, as it may tend to throw some licht upon these common occurrences. When a boy and learning to swim I got oat of ray depth, and wan very nearly drowned, bring insensible when taken out of the water. My sensations were similar to those which have often been described by others. After the terrible feeling of suffocation I fell into a pleasant swoon, and a panorama of all the principal incidents of my life passed before me. The last thing I could remember was a vivid picture of my home. I saw my mother, and could describe minutely where she sat and what she was doing. Upon returning home I kept the ?ecretof what had happened from her. She, however, questioned me closely, and said she felt strangely uneasy andanxiousabout me, and thought some accident had befallen me, 1 I ant convinced that had it been night-time, i and my mother alone, with little to occupy ' her attention, ahe Would have seen my ghost, and perhaps the ghost ?T the water which cloaed over ay haid, aa plainly an I ?aw her ghost* and the afeMt ?f tfema in which ?be waa sittaac. |?afteryvaas,jrhens>o(id?r>., ing over these and other facts, I came to the conclusion that it was quite possible for 003 mind occasionally to influence another, aa matter how great the distance apart, espe cially where 'two hearts beat as one.' or, more correctly speaking, where two brains vibrate in unison. A meeting of the mothers of children re siding in Stephenston was held at that plice on Tuesday, December 27, to discuss the subject of school accommodation for the chil dren of the district. Mrs. Flowers sail they had met that afternoon because their children were without the means of being educated. She was the mother of four children of a school-going age, and ?!ie wauted tt> haw them ]trqi>erly instructed. She thought that if a public school were erected at Stephcnston all the parties interested wmild b ? satisfied, as it was the most central place. Mrs. Persons said that she was the mother of two children who would attend a public school at Stepheas ton, and she thought that it should \>i pro vided by the Government. She could name fully forty children who would attend. Tney were—Wallis 5, Flower 4, Dunstone 4, Co.* 2, Hender 4, Horn iL Jarvis -2, Rock 3, Brew ster 1, Broadrib 3, M. Hender 1, Walton 3. Yenning 1, Stacy 2, and Stuart 3. She thought the names she had given sufli-ietit to warrant the building of a schoolroom and teacher's residence in the township. Mr*. Cock thought a school was altsolutely n-MJM sar>\ The people of Roundhill had applied for a. school and it was granted to them. If they could not get one built at Stephenston, a schoolroom built mid way between th and RoM&dhfll; would suit her very weU. She thought, however, tliat there were many whom it would not suit. Mrs. Horn said it would not suit her at all. A school should be built at each place. Mrs. Hender was in much the same position as Mrs. Horn. She thought there were sufficient children to warrant the building of a school room and teacher's residence. She had heard from good authority that the Itali I tali school was about to be closed. If this was the case it would increase the number of scholars for Stephenston. Mrs. Jarvis said a school half way, as Mrs. Cock had suggested, would suit her very well, but she thought for the sake of. others there should be a school at Stepnen- Btou. They all helped to keep up the revenue and were, therefore, entitled to nave a portion of it expended upon them. Mrs. Cock pro posed that a petition be drawn up embodying the request that a public schoolroom and teachers residence be built at Stephenston. Mrs. Horn seconded, and the proposition wai carried unanimously. On the motion of Mrs. Hender, Mrs. Wallis, Mrs. Cock, and Mrs. Parson were appointed a committee to carry oiit the views of the meeting. A vote of thanks to the press closed the meeting. A meeting of shareholders of the Port Germein Land and Investment Company was held at the office of the company, Exchange, Pirie-street, on Tuesday afternoon, January 3. There was a fair attendance. Mr. F. J. Rot ting (chairman of directors) presided, and explained that the meeting had been called in accordance with the company's articles of association, which provided that the first general meeting should be held within three months of the incorporation of the company. The following report, detailing the operations of the company, was read:— "The property at Port Germein, referred to in the prospec tus, had been purchased, and the transfers duly executed. The property, as the share holders were aware, consisted of fifty-four quarter acre blocks in the port, and about ninety acres in one block suburban, but ad jacent to the park lands at the top of High street, and immediately opposite the proposed railway station. Of the fifty-four town sec tions thirty-two were in High-street and the two streets adjoining thereto, so that the bulk of the land was in the best business position. The Government had now under consideration the laying down of rails through the whole length of High-street, and when that was effected goods could be placed in the trucks from any store, and be taken to the end of the jetty. Contracts had been let for the extension and widen ing of the jetty, which would enable six vessels to load alongside. Several stores, shops, and dwellings had lately been erected, and the wheat traffic was larger than was anticipated a few months ago. A proposal was before the Commissioner for bringing water into the town, which would doubtless be shortly carried out. The directors had after due consideration deemed it advisable to wait until harvest before disposing of any land; but it was their intention shortly to visit Port Germein, and make such arrange ments as would foster the interests of the shareholders and assist to advance the trade and progress of the port, in which all present were deeply interested. The directors had every confidence that the undertaking afforded a valuable investment for capital. It was suggested by a shareholder that with a view to increasing the value of the com pany's property various buildings should be erected on their land. The chairman said that when the directors had inspected the property they would be better able to deal with the land. They had decided not to offer the land until they had seen some result of the harvest. They had received several ap plications, but up to the present time had not entertained them. The directors were in clined to sell portions of the land at reason able prices to persons who thought of imme diately building upon it. On the motion of Mr. W. Everard, J.P., the report was adopted, and a vote of thanks having been passed to the directors the meeting closed. A new torpedo vessel is thns described by the New York correspondent of the Standard, writing on November 16:—" In the presence of a distinguished company, a successful exhibition took place yesterday of a torpedo vessel of entirely novel design, the invention of the famous John Ericsseu. When he was consulted by Louis Napoleon, in 1831, Ericssen submitted plans for a monitor and this torpedo; both were, however, re jected. The monitor, at Hampton-roads, revolutionised naval warfare; and simi larly this torpedo promises to mark a new departure in submarine opera tions. The torpedo boat in 130 feet long, 11 feet deep, and 12 feet wide. The vital parts are wholly submerged. It is as strongly armored as any vessel afloat; is of one thousand-horse |tower, and has realised a speed of over US knots. Its novel hydraulic steering apparatus enables it to change its course instantly. It moves ahead and astern with equal speed and facility. Nothing afloat could dodge or escape it. Passing by many considerable but minor novelties about it, the gun challenges attention for its simpli city, novelty, boldness, aad efficiency. It rests on the keelson, with the muzzle submerged C feet, and discharges the pro jectile directly into the water. Two chief difficulties bad to be overcome —first, to pre vent the inrush of water, which would sink the boat; second, to obviate the deflection of the projectile when passing suddenly from the air into the denser medium of water. These difficulties arc overcome in the follow ing manner-.—First, two valves close the muzzle; one is permanent, and moved by machinery at will; the second is carried away by the projectile. Any injury to the vessel is obviated by a valve of noft india rubber, which advances with a second missile, so arranged as to seal the bore her metically. The missile thus carries with it a volume of air into the water. By this plan a passage is accomplished from the air into the water through gradually increasing densities, and the result is merely a retarding of the passage of the missile without disturbing the accuracy of the aim. Yesterday VI pounds of giant powder formed the explosive charge, which i? practice is intended to be 340 lbs. of dynamite. A dummy torpedo was projected accurately a distance of (SX) feet; it passed a target five feet under water, and pierced the netting designed to represent the custo mary torpedo guard. The French officers who were iiresent declared before the ex periments began, that the operation of the gun was impossible, and the result amazed them. Altogether the murderous engine seems to deserve the name it bears, * Destroyer.* The inventor says he has made fifty-two trials of it, and each was suc cessful." A meeting of the Musgrare Range aud Northern Territory Pastoral Land Company will be held at the office of the coni)>auy, Currie-stroet, this afternoon, to consider an increase of the company's capital. Hudson's Surprise Party had another good bouxe at the Academy of Music on Tuesday night, and their amusing entertainment won the plaudits of all present. A change of pro gramme is announced for to-night. The sensational drama "Mad" was re jicatcd at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday oven ing, and in the altsencc of Mr. Steclc the character of Hylton was very creditably tilled at short notice by Mr. Mortyne, This evening the drama of ""Mary Warner" will be pre sented. Mr. Richmond Thatcher, the well-known litterateur and theatrical agent, has favored us with a copy of a holiday pamphlet he has recently published in Sydney, entitled, " ThatchM-Vi Holiday Book," which includes three articles originally written for this journal, and a short brochure previously published, entitled "The "Travelled Actor.* 5 Mr. Thatcher is a racy writer, who has always something interesting to say, and has a most entertaining way of saying it, and, doubtless, those of the public who purchase the pamphlet under notice will thuroughly enjoy the contents. 