AOTA POPULL ? *~- ? ' ? ? By The FirANEtrB. I niykheard it said that even a worm will turn if ''rsUmp'oVupon too often ; but as worms are 8cai\J6in my neighbourhood, I have never tried tho'i experiment. This romirids me that John Davics ha3 turned at last. When I say. Mr. Daviss, has turned, I do nofcwiah to imply he has seen the .folly of his teetotal ways and gone over to tho great majority ; bub tho fact is he ha? cornered the Mayor for \C20,000— that being (ac cording to the plaintiff's valuation) the full value or nis spomess cnaractor. unui uua mat ter is settled; our John is, of course, reportorially speaking, dead. No 'one regrets this more than I do, because' whenever subjeots were'scarce I had only to turn tothe C.M.G. and I found myself at once in. a clover paddock. One of the greatest, blows journalists have experienced was the loss of the lamented Mr. Ned Kelly, because, although he possibly had little within himself, still he was the ; cause; qfjmuch in others. Now that Mr. Davies has.temporarily given up the ghost fur ther comment on his performances is not only unnecessary, but it is what the Hunter-street . sayans -would term, ' positively undesirable.' I have itr on the authority, of the Eev. Joe Cook and many, others who are better acquainted with the gentloman in question that the devil is not half, bo, ; black as he i3 generally painted. The, same; remark applies (and I say it respectfully) to ? Mr.;;Davie8. No doubt ke has his faults, but, .there is a-silver lining to every cloud, and so let ? ,ub take jcredit' for one win ; the Freeman is the i :only : paper.that has picked and published his1 good points. And so a long farewell to all John's ?greatness. It. I. P. . _ ; I have to apologise this week for many things.; ?Firstly, I am writing onasick'.bed — understand, ?however, that I am doing the sick business: .myself; the bed is sound enough. Secondly, I have to apologise for one Captain John Butler, of the North Shore Ferry Company. His chief crime — the head and front of his offending, asi ,Mr. Othello would say, is that he is an Irishman. ?Now, no one should be an Irishman. It is not only ' indiscreet ' {Herald copy again); but it really doesn't pay. \ Why this is I do not know ?;; but I do know one thing — that in, Irishmen have done much to bring this wrong to its present; climax. , Being a ' cornstalk ' myself, I submit ?that I speak from an unprejudiced point of view. Irishmen — look ye to it. About this Captain Butler, however. Who is he P ' Where did he come from ? And where is 'he going to ? . With these subjects we have no right, to deal. , They are strictly private business, .and in, these days the tide in the affairs of man ?is regulated even by the price of a stovepipe hat .Captain Butler (I 'like to roll my tongue round the name as it-wore) has not done anything that particularly, commands special mention, but giv ing the man his due, ho has done his level best ; or, as Mr. Macbeth would say, he haB done all .man dave do, and any man who does more must i havo his eye on claims for '. compensation.' And now we strike tho facts of tho boy Butler. On ? Saturday night lip saved a man from a briny .grave But this is, not all. The last man snatched .from. old Neptune's jaws made the grand total of .twenty-sis lives saved by Captain Butler. Surely . a man like this deserves at least a ' spontaneous' : banquet. If ever a man made extremes meet, or in other . ?wordsjif ever a-man put Iub foot in his mouth, that , man is Sir Henry Parkes,and his own chat on .the Art 'Gallery debate proveB his eleai* dupli , city. Mr. G-eorge Lacy most effectually \- squelches our poetic Premier in one act, but the ff eubjectis so.,general in its interest that I would .j like to second Mr. Lacy's motion. Firstly, Sir 'Enry, puts up his, old stalking horse, the ' wor ) rukin man.' Considering tho gifted Bpeaker has , not done one hour's work Bince he bade a fond ^ adieu to the glue pot, he must of course be j reckoned (for what he is worth) as an authority. ' The plain fact, however/is that the petition of the liorny-handed wns against tho running of trams on Sunday, not against the opening of the Art Gallery. Just here let me ask one question. Ts there one so domonted amongst us as to think that a five minutes sight of Da Vinci's ' Last, Supper' or Exphael's ' Marriage Feast' is more rlomoralieing, or say more productive of murder ous feelings, than a sixty minutes sermon by a St. Andrew's Dean'? , , This is a joke — at least what the solitary benant of Faleonbridge considers a joke. Trams are run to Botany on Sundays, say a Sir 'Enry, because if people are taken ill they can send for a doctor and their friends. Lovely, isn't it ? The far-seeing charity oE a man like this is something marvellous. People go. to Botany to gain health, not to lose it ; and anyone who spends ten minutes in gastronomic recreation at Frank Smith's will be so thoroughly satisfied with the result that he will feel inclined to bless even Sir Henry Parkes. Eubbing the subject up in extenso, our model Premier observed that the opening of the public institutions on Sundays would never be coun tenanced by men like Sir Eobert Peel, or Oliver Cromwell. Then he looked around for the usual reodied-up burst of applause, but it didn't come. The fact is both the gentlemen alluded to are dead, and when Sir 'Enry takes it upon himself to expound their ideas he does it with about aa much knowledge of liia men and matter as a , bob-tailed pademelon would have of the differen tial calculus. Our much-travelled Premier might have gone a[fe w yards further back than the days of the psalm-singing Oliver. Nebuchad nezzar had strong opinions touching this Sunday business also, but he was consistent ; and when he published his edict forbidding barbers to shave on the Sabbath day he positively refused to rmr special trains to accommodate a Yankee circus. This is a point Sir 'Enry would do well to study. Bill Sykes had one good point— he was a good consistent burglar. , Nextly, Sir 'Enry defied any sober, man to point out one name of authority in England who, was in favour of opening art museums on Sun-! day. With that prudential cautiousness which is his chief characteristic our worthy knight took: religious care not to offer any reward for the information wanted. If he had, some cheques would require ventilation, as the names of Dickens, Thackeray, Darwin, Huxley, Carpenter, Herschell,' Spencer, Landseer, Jenner, Dr. Lyon, Lord Derby, and thousands of others would troop up to bear witness to our dictator's duplicity— or— let us be charitable and put it down to ignorance. ; Touching the. Sabbath observance there is a deal to be said on both sides. . Like everything else it is the abuse, not, the use, of the day that does the harm. In the palmiest days of Catholic France there were over thirty theatres running every Sunday, and the great racing event of the year, the French Derby, was run after Mass on a certain Sunday. And yet the testimony of the most bigoted goes to prove that there was less immorality carried on in six months in Paris than there was in London in six hours. Lastly, it is only a few short weeks ago since Albert Edward gave a garden party on a Sunday— cards, lawn tennis, ' twos-and-threes,' and, for all I know to the contrary, jumping in sacks, and for feits, and divers other distracting amusements were carried on ; and yet the earth never opened up toswallo w a single person present. Surely what is good for a Prince is .good enough for a Premier . Tliovfl tops a f.irrm whan t.hfl hnrninof mififat-.inn was 'How do we live ?' Just at present, however, it is 'Why do we live—or rather why do we live at such expense ?' For green hide steaks we pay 8d per lb. ; every fish we buy is as dear as if it contained a pearl greater than that which the base Judean threw away ; we are boycotted by the 'heathen Chinee ' so far as vegetables are concerned ; and in fact wo are now reduced to tho. pitiable condi tion of the French revolutionists who, having no bread to eat, were compelled to live on cakes. As a matter of course the cause of all this trouble is the ' strongest Government.' Three thousand head of cattle are landed in Dubbo on Monday morning, and yet six hundred are all that can be sent to Sydney, beoause, as Mr. Muddler Lackey observes, 'It is hard to meet this large and growing trade.' This is exactly our policy all through. The want must make itself apparent (and, very much apparent) first, and then we commence to talk about a remedy. A few weeks' ago a petition was sent down from Nana Creek imploring that a telegraph ofQoo be opened there. The reply waa the population did not justify the .expense. , Now, this Nana Creek bidB fair ts- be one of the moBt prosperous diggings we hold. — it may oven be a second Hill End j but nothing can be done until a company bossed by a few members is floated, and then the importance of the district will be at once perceivable. Com ing events never seem to cast their shadows before our authorities' gaze in the least, and we are evidently of the opinion that sufficient for the day is . the evil thereof. In the meantime, however, we are apt to starve, and this will spoil quite a heap of our aesthetic philosophy. We do not look to Mr. Lackey for our daily bread, of course, but we certainly look to him for our daily beef ; and when he comes before us with a whining excuse of the incompetency of his own service, it strikes the average observer that the general public can do without Mr. Lackey, although possibly Mr. Lackey cannot well do without the public. . . ; 