The Advertiser MONDAY, JULY 10, 1882. NOTWITHSTANDING the threatening aspect of affairs in Egypt and the general appre- <*> hension that a great European war may be one of the events of the immediate future. Irish afihirs still command a chief share of public attention iv England, and the Repression of Crimea in Irelaii'l Kill lias been voted urgent and thus obtained precedence over all other business.. Tv? circumstances have contributed t<< this ivmiU—first, the existing Coercion Act expires almost immediately by efHaxi?n of time ; second, the recent outrages have shown that the spirit <?£ reltelhon iu'.d auunki' has not been haimUed. and, perhaps, scarcely checked. The operation of the Coercion Act u;i undmibtedly brought alwut a reactiuii of foeling against it. It was intended to prevent crime and sediiion. and to bring the jH.-1-jK.'trators of outrage to punuh liiciit. J'.iu i?.s i.i-inc^ial actual effect was to secure the temporary imprisonment of cciaua Uuine liuV- M.l*."a who had led the Land J-eague agit:iti<in, and vrh<..se language, to ?ij- the least of it, had been neither very loyal nor very discreet, together with the iuuirceratioa of a few ladies tviio had made themselves par ticularly conspicuous in encouraging re sistance of the authorities and in the use of inflammatory language, and a number of less uotable poisons, all included under the sotuewliat ambiguous name of "suspects." V. henit became Liionni that these suspects, uuinbei ing altogether nearly six hundred poisons, Iwd been imprisoned witliout tiial. aiid ajiparciitly without pr-ispeet of trial. ai;<l some of them nvre detained nioiuli after nifiitli, a feeling sprung up among a great number ewn of those w?io had favoivu ilie Coercion Act, that its coiiiii.iied operation c<iuld not be justified. It v.as geuemlly ?dinitteti tliat many of the suspects thoroughly deserved pu!il?h uic-nt; tut it w.-u? urged that as t!irtir alleged otl'cnco was not proVed aec?>vdiHg to oidiuaiy law. and theix; ai'peart-;l to be no intention of attcmptir.g to pmva it, the indefinite detention of persons only as ?uspects was a "departure from the cus toms aud traditions of the nation that could not long be tolerated. Either the prisoners must be convicted or liberated* The Act that had failed to fulfil us design roust be abandoned or superseded. On the other bandit was earnestly con tended that at a time when crime was rampant and muiiier ripe, it was not wise to slacken the reins of power, aud sho-.v ?nliat might be considered weakness in the presence of orgauised outrage and daring defiance of law. So thought Mr. Forster, the Chief Secretary f.jv lrelaud, but the Gladstone Ministry on their ustud [irinciple of truckling to traitors and casting dismay into the ranks of loyal and peace-loving uieu, disregavdetl the i-eprcsi-utations of their colleague, and proceeded to inaugurate what they vrerc pleased to call a policy of conciliation. This was met by tlie double assassination in l'ho-nix Park, and for a moment it seemed likely that conciliation would be at once abandoned. When, however, the iirst shock caused by the murderous deed was passed away the public mind ijuiekly became calm ; but a conviction liad been deeply nuvde that a polic-y of conciliation unuccoin;lanied with the exercise of stem measures againsi all attempts at actual ci hue ? oiild prove utterly inadequate to the occasion. Then followed the introduction of the present Keprcssion of Crimes in Irelaud Bill, which Mr. Gladstone stated had in all its main features l>cen formulated before the Pho-nix Park mui'ders t<-.?:<. place, but which probably liie llouse of Commons would never have aecu but for those murders. The principal provisions of the Bill liave been already stated in these column!). ?'n the introduction of the measure into Parliament it was clear that ir would im?et with strenuous opposition from the Home Kule party, and. that, if it was to supersede the Coercion Act. and so prevent the oppor tunity of the disturbed districts of Ireland being subjected to a reign of terror unchecked by special repressive powers, it would liavo to be voted a matter of urgency. The significance of this was perceived both by the Govern ment aud the Home Rulers, aud accord ingly when Mr. Gladstone asked the House of Commons to vote urgency for the Bill, the Home Kule party put forth every effort to defeat the purpose, aud in dulged in such violent language towards tlie House and the Chairman, that eventually twenty-two of them were suspended from taking part in the proceedings. The news of the murder of Mr. Keana and Mr. Blake, which had just been received, pro- Ijftbly strengthened the resoiaiion of the House, and determined it to resist every thing that might give opportunity to crime and outrage. The Bill was passed by an almost unanimous vote iv the absence of the suspended members, and the next day Sir. O'Donnell was formally aiisiieiided from taking part in the business of tlie House for a fortnight, on account of liL> insulting language t<j ihe Chair umii. Tt may be confidently expected that the Kill will speedily pass into law. Tlie Home Kule party perceive the liii^leas ui'ss i.f any further attempt to block the w:iy : and, with an eye to effect, the majority of them have withdrawn in a body from tlie House :?a a protest against urgency Jteing voted for th?: I Jill. What practical effect they exj>ect their with ?lrawal will luive. it is not easy t<? say; lii:( other iiit'iilifw no doubt will be <juite resiL'iK?l. mm l>e iH;i<l to push business on during ill.- ?.p]?iitunity afforded by the absence <>f tlie obstructionists. The danger tha; most pco]?!c will fear is that ihty will ui.?t stay away long enough, rather than iiial they will remain iv voluntary exile ton long. Uf coaise they will apsvee no pauis to impress upon their Irish sym pathisers that they are persecuted for rigliteousness-sa'ke—tliat indeed they are martyrs in the cause of their country. Sensible {temple, however, will perceive tliat they liave merely been guilty of the proverbial fully of cutting oil' the nose to spito the face. The House of Couuaous assuredly will not trouble about them. How long the country is t*> be deprived of their services does not appear, as they seem to have "iveii ?o intiitiation v.-hen they will return. Meanwhile, affairs in Treland still continue to furnish fresh shocks to public feeling in the shape of outrages and murders ; and discussion is busy on ihe shape that the Arrears of Rent Bill will finally assume before it becomes tlie law of the land. The general sentiment, of England is finding distinct utterance iii favor of a policy that shall on the one hand remove every legitimate cause for dissatisfaction on the part of law- abiding people, and on the other hand strike effectively at the use of violence and murder as instruments of political airita tion. That strong repressive measures aro essential is evident from the continual recunvjjce of atrocities, some of rhi: latest of vliirli are the murder of an ex-Fenian wlio foul withdrawn fi-.>ra th?* organisation, and the. (li?v?ieiiing of the life of Cardinal MaccaW. These serve to indicate how relentless is the spirit that instigates the rebellion against lav.- an?l order. Wh-Ksver may lie responsible, it is clear tliat the Government must exert all its energies to discover and puui-sh the delinijueiits. Arrests have been made in connection wiih the murders in Loughrea, but the largeness of tbe number is itself sufficient to raise a fear that they have been made rather because of some suspicion t hau on account t>f reliable vviuencc. So many anest? of wi'ong peraons have been made in connection with other outrages, that the only information tliat is likely to be received with much satisfaction is tliat of the actual conviction of the criminal*. JC Lai li has dcpiaved liussia of one of tiie ablest of her generals. Tlie n.iinc; of Mlchavl Skol>elolf, who has <lieJ at Ihe oal'ly age of tliirty- uine, will ever be re membered by the Itussian people as that of a man exceptionally skilled and brave in warfare ; prompt tv conceive and (juick to execute; one who in less than fifteen years rase 4o the highest rank open to a military man, aided only by Ids talents, stern devotion to his work, and great per sonal courage. The career which lias thus been suddenly cut short, although brief, was nevertheless exceedingly brilliant. Fr<iia the tirst he gave signs of the genius he displayed iv later years. Central Skobeloff, having graduated at the Military Academy of fSt. Petersburg in 1S(i8, began liis life as a soldier iv Centra! Asia. Fire yer.rs after he tirst C£iue into ni'te through Jii^ brilliant acliii-voments in the cAiupai.^n whioli llussia inslitutod in 1ST;; against the Kliivai's and |}<>kli;u"ins. Hie ni.inoi-r in which the btnly ? if troups under his coni niand was led through the vitc;tpes was of itself a nianvl t<> the worlt:. Prior to that ihe inarches ?>f the Hussian troops in Central Asia Lid invariably ber-u at tended with much disaster, owing iv part to tlie incuinpetem-e, bin still inure t;> tlie carelessness of their leaders, and in p;<rt to tlie absuiu ordeis, emanating from heitd-quarters, with which every ollice: -was tied down. General Skobeloff \r;is pcrliaps the first Russian ofiicer who had the courage to take upon himself the re sponsibility i?f disregarding such orders, liad it not been for the marked success which lie accomplished, and the numerous l-roofs given by trim r>f Me capuhy as a sdilicr aa*l a militaiy leader, tkara?aena to be little doubt but fhaf It would li;ive gone Laid ?with him. Fortune attended liia earlier etttAiti, however, and lie escaped the wrath of the military authorities at St. retersburg. On this occasion he gave other i.roofs of his bravery. Aftet the conquest of Kbiva he renurusl with a siiihll body of trooj>s in tlie town until he had accomplished die task of writing a report on the etate of tiie newly conquered pmriuce. Furthermore, he made at die imminent risk of his life a reconnaissance in disguise to the Turkoman desert. When the Russian :mii3 were the eiiergotic mind of General fc>kobeKtff led him to iucroas'c his military kn^wlcilge by btiug present at the wars viih the Ouiiists. Hm took no eativepart iv thissir, but he was present at soms of the more serious encounters. l'isturba-iiccs in Centnd Asi;i ??nw in--re <.:tl!otl for h:s aid uiTui-Lostan. The Kiii \;uis. smai-ting under ihe rule of a f.a-eign despotism, had turned againai theii' con riucrors. For the gi-eater part of two ywtrs (jleiieml tskobclotl', then in ommand ?.f a Ikidy of Cossacks, set himself as siduously to the task of suMuing tllo ciicmy. The peoi?le ??f Khok.nxl, too, were in anii3,against the Muscovite iu vaders. and in the numerous oncouutcrs with them Skobeloti" proved the metal <?t which he was made. It is related of him thr.t in the war against the people of Kli<>k;iiid, who oflered a in??si stuliUtrn and obstinate resistance to the Hussian.-. and at tirst compelled them to retreat, he ''with a handful of cavalry, luadv ? wight attack upon tho enemy's cunp of 0,000 to 7,000 men," and suc ceeded iv routing this lai\'e force, who were so stricken with panic that they Hod incontinently, leaving behind theiu their turbans, arms, standards, aud bag-4agc He was shortly after promoted to the rank of Jlajor- tJeuer.il. in. token of his splendid achievements. When tlie people of Khokaud again broke out into rebel lion, the sole command of tiie Russian forces was entrusted to General Skobeloff, who repaid the trust that was reposed iv him l>y his able management of this cam paign. He inflicted defeat after defeat upon the Turkomans, and witliin three months compelled the Khan of Khokaud to surrender himself and his troops, aud to yield up his province to the Russians. General Skobeloff was too good a soldier to be exiled t<i Central Asia, I and shortly after the completion of bis mission to Khokand was recalled to St. Petersburg, where he was appointed to a. position ou the staff of the Grand-Duke MicliacL F?n- some reason he relin quished this position, and served with Ills father until the lmdy of ln?rsc of which the kilter was in command wa3 dis banded. Although no longer in the military service he speedily came again to the fore when the memorable war broke out between the Russians and the Turks. At first he served as a volunteer, but a place vas speedily made for him in the i army. He again succeeded iv covering himself with glory in thi? protracted uiuq^u^n. He was present at some of the uioai noted encounters in this war. At. Plevna, Timova, the Shipka Pass, Adrianople, and Tchataldja, he was ever foremost with liis troops. Hu energy was indomitable, and although he suffered many serious repulses and several severe defeats, his dogged pertinacity and great valor brought him invariably to the front in the end. Tin's is ;i brief outline of the military career of General Skohelott". Daring the past yea r his name has been constantly before the public- as that of a man anxious to plunge his country iufco a fresL war. His memorable speech at Paris to some Servian students will still be fresh within the recollection of most people. It was then that he gave signs of the keen desire in his heart that the forces of the Teuton and the Muscovite should be pitted against one another. The German, he declared, was "an intruder and an intriguer, an enemy dangerous to Russians and Slavs." He further vented his l>elief that a straggle between the Slav and the Teat ju was in evitable. It will, he said, lie long, sanguinary and terrible, but the Slav wil£ triumph. So great a storm of in dignation did these utterances give rise to in Germany that at oue time fears were prcralcnt in Europe tliat war would be declared. The unpleasantness thus cre ated was, however, smothered over by the Czar and his Ministers, and resulted in the recall of Skobeloft" from Frauce to Russia. Notwithstanding his inflam matory utterances on this occasion, the late general frequently asserted that he detested war. Speaking on the sub ject to one of the newspaper cor respondents he said, "I hate war; on my honor and conscience I detest it. Before God, I tell you that I do. I have had 21,000 men killed under me in one war, and have realised all that is sicken ing, cruel, odious, and atrocious in the military profession." The AU'jimzi.ic Z<:it?n>t in some remarks upon the character of Skobelofi" in the last degree unflattering, was compelled to admit that he was a thorough soldier, a man of un doubted military genius, aud of great capacity. There can lie little doubt that had his life been spared he would have been a thorn in the side of die Austi-iaus and the Germans. His private character was, it is said, by no lacans above re proach, but his public career lias been ?ufilcieutly famous to hare made his countrymen justly proud of him, aud they ear-not fail to honor his memory. The movement to provide comfortable homes for women and girls now driven to take lodgings of an inferior description is ' worthy of all encouragement. It has be#u I espoused with much heartiness in London, while in Melbourne the women's model lodginghouee scheme bids fair to become a success. Her is there any reason why it should not. The good work has been undertaken with commendable zeal and earnestness by many persons who view the subject from a purely philanthropic standpoint; but there are others whose co-operation has been secured mainly on the {ground of their conviction ili;it the model lodgiiurliouse will prove a paying concern " while cun ferring inestimable benefits on those for wh? -se advantage the project has been set afoot. The building decided upon will accommodate 200 persons, fur whom lu-cessary provision in the shape of sitting* rot ins, bathiwoms, laundry, etc., will also be made. There is besides, on the base ment floor, a large dining-room contiguous i? the kitchen, '?where tea, cocoa, and c?.'ffee. bread and butter, and cold meat, can at all hours be had at a very low charge, and which would n<; doubt," urges Dr. Singleton, "be largely taken ad vantage of l.y many of our sisters —others than lodgera—of the work ing classes, aud become a source of revenue to the establishment." As there are no properly registered lodginshouses for woir.cn in Melbourne the ''Model" urjsi £11 an acknowledged and urgent want. The charge for beds—two in a ro^m—fa sixpence each per night, and as tliia covers the use of the other apartments the charge is extremely moderate. As a temporary home for servauts aud others out of situations the Women's Model Lodginghouse will have the further attrac tion of a free library for the use of lodgers and :i registry for servant*, needle women. Ac Those engaged in the daily toil ?.=i factories, shops, and the like, and who are at present com pelled to pay at a very high rate for very indifferent food and accommodation, will doubtless be induced to prefer the new habitation which offers them at a moderate outlay what they must seek in vain fov elsewhere in a large city. The homes for working-girls recently opened in London are on a different plan, albeit they'are the outcome of an equally praise worthy desire to alleviate the condition of a deserving class. The London orgauLaition has fvr its object the pro viding of vell-vegulatvd, decently far n:ehcu houses in which young women ami girls employed in workrooms and fac tories may for a small weokly payment find a comfoitable home. \Vithiii the hist few years rive of these homes have Veen founded in different parts of the metropolis, and the need of continuous effort in the same direction is daily more manifest. The sood that has already accrued from these foundations is an earnest of what may be expected here after, as well as an indication of the great necessity there exists for making such provision on bcluilf of a class hitherto neglected. At present indeitl the work ing ?ru.?ls ?<f the poorest class, those whose earnings aiv as low as six shillings a week, have not licen reached, but the committee hojte that ore long their wants also will be attended to. Those now accommi>datcd earn from twelve to fourteen shillings a week, and out of this they arc able to save a fewsliilliiigsweeklyafterpayingthe charges for their board and lodging. The dwellings are rendered as bright as possible, and due regard is paid to moral and religious influences. The last h<?uw opeued lias been dedicated to the memory of the Lite "President (jariield. Speaking at the opening ceremony the American Minister, Mr. Russell Lowell, remarked that he could conceive of no object more worthy, or more fit to attract charitable feeling. After referringto the need in which young women stood of protection, Mr. Lowell sn<d that the Gartield House, which had been established l>y the spontaneous girings of the benevolent, was in ever/ way suited to accomplish the end in view. The whole subject is one which merit* attention iv every community where single women without a parental roof arc largely occupied in shops and factories. The B.M.S. Mirzapore arrived at Gleaelg about 3 o'clock on Saturday morning. She left for Melluurne the same afternoon. The letter which -we publish elsewhere under the heading of "Anglo-Colonial Gu£si]i" contains some interesting particular* with reference to the pictures lately pur chased in London for AdrfuMa. His Excellency the Governor will deliver flic second portion of bis lecture on "Coloniu srsjsftMSssr The ?* An advertisement appears in to-day's israe clhciaUy notifying the fact that under ttoo Adelaide Sowers Act ot ,1878 plans of all new buddings in the suburban munidnalitie. which are within the dnunage arcaWrT qoind to be deposited in the hydraulic enai neer'a office for approval. A plan of the drainage area may be seen at that office oa application. Mr. Archibald Forbes it the "comiae man," and curiosity respecting the famous war correspondent is increasing as Che time of his arrival in A?M?iM?? approaches. *>irt week he attracted crowded audiences whenke repeated his course of lectures in Melbourne, and some of the np- countzy towns in Victoria sec-ma little disappointed that Sir. Forbes should visit South Australia before complet ing his Victorian tour. Mr. F. Basedow, M.P., waited on the Minister of Education on Saturday morning, July 8, and presented a memorial from sixty eight residents of Keyneton and the neigh borhood prayiogtiiatthe telegraph line might Ijc extended from Angaston to Keynetea. The Minister promised to take the matter into consideration. The Areas Express hears that what arecoa sidercd favorable indications for coal were discovered some time since near the old head station at Crystal Brook. A lease of the block has been obtained, a company formed, and operations will be commenced forthwith. The bonus of £10,0(10 for local discovery ex pires in December next. It was reported to the police on Sunday morning, July 9, that an ?lderly woman named Elizabeth Wfaitebead, wife of William Whitehcad, a gardener living in Maxwell ?treet, had cut her throat. Dr. Joyce warn sent for, and the woman by his advice was taken to the hospital. On enquiry there wa learn that no fears are entertained of tha injuries proving fatal. A well attended mectuig of the shareholder* of the Glenelg, Brighton, and M**7no Tram way Company was held in the Exchange Arbitration-room on Friday, July 7, to adopt the memorandum and articles of association and to appoint directors. Messrs. Hodgkist, Buik, Kingsborough, Downing, and Maval were elected directors; Messrs. lugleby, Gn?dy, & Nesbit solicitors; and die Town and Country Bank the bankers of the com l?ny. Mr. G. Wcstwood advises the Port Angarfa paper that he has just finished wwlring a well for Messrs. Bowman and ftfolmum on their MacDouncll Peak country. A well of fresh water in good country will no doubt be an inducement to travellers in the direction of the Musgrave ranges, as a good start could be made from the Peat Westwood. lay* claim to the honor of having struck water farther out on the north-west track than any other supply exists. Currency is given by the Port Augusta. D'upatclt to a rumor which will probably lead to .serious complications between a residentof the Port and his better half. The hiMfmmi seme time ago went to the metropolis, and during his absence a letter addressed to him was opened by his wife. The contents being of such a nature as to lead her to imagine that a portion at least of his heart's affections were the property of another of her sex, she gathered together certain of her worldly goods and started to town to enquire into the case. The result of the enquiry is not yet known. Amongst recent arrivals from Melbourne is Mrs. C. W. W. Hill, the well-known IMeratture. We regret to learn that severe illness compelled Mrs. Hill to abandon a pro jected visit to Queensland and a trip through 2tew South Wales, on which she was engaged in collecting material for her work, ?"i.'fae Old World and the New." We are glad to say, however, that Mrs. Hill is recovering, aud she intends after a short sojourn with her friends going through South Aus tralia for die same purpose as that for which die visited the neighboring colonies. In reference to the proposed overland rail way to Melbourne the Border Walefi remarks: —"A movement will be initiated here to com mence an agitation in favor of extending the proposed railway from Nairne to Border Town to Mount Gambler. We have no doubt this will be warmly taken up by the resident* of county Grey generally. It would be of immense benefit to this end of the district to be connected with the overland?"?", and the present opportunity of pressing our fcbould not be neglected. If we do not get railway communication now we may have to wail a longtime for it. Our credit is good, and an extra quarter of a million sterling would suffice to link Mount Gambler and (he south to the railway system of the colony." According to the Home Newt of June 2, "William Jubflat, aged 45, late a postmaster in South Australia, was brought before Sir James Ingram, at Bow-street, on a charge of embezzlement. The prisoner was arrested under the Fugitive Criminals Act, at Ply mouth, by Inspector Jarvis, of the criminal investigation department, on the arrival of the P. & O. Co-s steamship Pekin. His description had been telegraphed to Scotland yard, with a statement mat be had taken a passage in the Clyde. Upon enquiry Inspector Jarvis ascertained that that ship would not arrive for some days. He there upon boarded the Pddn, and from the description given he identified the prisoner, who had booked his passage in the name of Henderson. The officer addressed him by his proper name, and upon acknowledging his identity he was taken into custody. He was remanded for the arrival of the necessary papers in support of the allegations." The season at Mount Gambler so far has been (according to the Border Watch) highly favorable. The rains came in sufficient time to give the grass a good start, and there have been no frosts of any consequence to hurt it. As a result stock have been doing fairly well, and the wool clip will be better than it was last year. Ploughing is now general, and judging by appearances a good average will be put tinder crop. The prices of last year have put farmers in better spirits; and though they are not inclined to go very deeply into wheat- growing, the JPiziefc believe* they wQI have an extra area this year. Potato digging is now over, and the last lots are stcailily filtering into the railway station. The total yield will be fonnd to exceed the estimate, though still considerably short of the demand. Xo doubt a much larger area will be devoted to potatoes nest year. The present season"? experience h^?= shown tUat with the superior shipping facilities the district cow enjoys it may grow double what it has been growing for some years. Planting of early crop& has voiutaented. Our shipping reporter writes: —The "war scare reached the Semaphore on Saturday. *ben the population was thrown iuto a state of excitement by the signalman muling O ut two large steamers of unknown calibre ap proaching from the south-west. There was no intimation from Cape Borda, which has of late been rather noted for the blundering of its lookout, to prepare the signalman for the anival of the steamers. There was not a telegram frrm anywhere, and the signalman sought as elevated a position as possible to reconnoitre, but only after an hour's suspense vere the ccniing vessels made out to be on pacific errands, the first being the Tannadice from China with tea, and the hitter the Catania, of Sloman's line, from London, with cargo and passengers. The ** war scare " was so strong for the time being that it was quite a "cooler "to find out the character of the coming vessels, though it Mas pretty evident how easily war ships or privateers could on occasion approach the coast, and reach the Port unoltservcd crrn if there were half a dozen cruisers in the gulf. The commodious building once used as a church by the Congregationalista at Wallaroo was some time since purchased for the purpose of being converted into a Freemasons'lodge room. On Friday evening, July 7, the Masonic ceremony of consecration was per formed by the W.D.D.G.M., Mr. H. E. Downer, M.P., in the presence of the local brethren and a huge number of visitors from Adelaide, Port Wakefield, Kadina, and Moonta. When the opening ceremony had been performed a lodge meeting was held in the ball, which has been renovated and msch improved in appearance since it was pur chased. Nearly a tundred brethren were present, and after the various officers had been d uly installed an adjournment was made to the institute hall, where a sumptuous ban quet, piovlded by host Hall, of Kartinis was. enjoyed. The new Masonic lodge has shown.*' great enterprise in thus purchasing aboilding and opening a lodge therein within a few months, and no doubt the enthusiastic gathering held onFridaywillbethe means of stimulating the fraternal feeling amongst all the members of the craft on the peninsula. The local brethren number about 20, and aw bighlv pleased with the success which ham rltaiaettrised the inaugural proceedings of the ?Of'pe. Ripe raspberries in July arc somewhat of a novelty. We have been shown ? sprig or two taken, from some cauee grown by Mr. Stacey, inCaiej's Gully, beariuff large riiie berries. These raspberries, we are iuforiued, belong to a variety introduced into this colony some three years since, and being now thoroughly eataMuhcdbcarfruit nearly alltheycar round. The bandies which have Ik-ob shown us were taken from the tons of the canes, and are plentifully sprinkled with ripo fruit andffreca berries in various stages, an?l tho leaves are as green and fivah as though it were spring time instead of winter. llcporting en the English copper market the London Mi'ii?J Journal of May '27 says:—" A moderate business has been doing in this metal, and at the early part of the week prices of Chili bars advanced to some slight extent, and afterwards have remained tolciaUy steady at the improved rates. The iuiim -' .*ie future of tUy? market appears to bea<t'iK.'cil nitli considoraWe uuvertainty. Thuv cast bo no doubt lint about the g:latest support to the market at the Siescnt, timo is the pieviously reported good clucries lor the Hrst half of the present month, but, at the same time, although Urge j ?l?antiticsaie said to have been taken out of. figures, yet this does not follow that it lu> gone to luitt llie current reiiuireinents of the tiadc. lv fact, such a conclusion is quite contixii v to other facts, such, for instance, as extreme quietude in the legitimate demand. Consumer? aud smelters may have bought in aiitnij ation of future waaU, or perhaps from an expectation of the auddrn n?e which lias recently taken place. They may have ob ?crvcdthataspei- ulativcfeobiiswasaiuoiuder- iiiv, and therefore concluded that prices might sharply advance, but at the same time from whatever cause the good deb>eries are to be ai tiibuted, it is not reasonable to expect that they will continue so for long, as the wants of" the trade jnnst have beta greatly replenished, and this bcingtheca*e the higher prices now ruling are not likoly to be very ? readily raid: and here it maybe well ti> state that since the rise first took place there ha* been a marked Calling off in orders, this being ]?rticularly noticeable in the shipping trade, and there does not appear any sign of orders increasing. It consequently seems somewhat doubtful whether o|ienitora will lie able for long to uphold the market, as lower prices seem almost absolutely necessary to again stimulate the regular demand." Ob Satarday nomine His Honor Mr. Jwtiec BsjoeMt heard an application in Chambers for the release of Simoa Peter Harjcs, the alleged absconding debtor from Kew Zealand. The application was made by Mr. Harold Downer, who, acting for the l<rboncr, asked for die discharge of Harics on & writ of habia* eorimt. Mr. J. H. iSjnion, 0.C., and Mr. C M. Moirhcad opposed the application on the part of the Crown. The warrant appeared to he in precisely the same form as that in the case of DargaveL where ? discharge \vss granted on the grounds—firstly, ' that toe warrant was informal; and. I (secondly, that the evidence from England ; was defective. His Honor granted the ap plication because of the informality of the warrant, which he decided was clearly bad, and intimated that since the decision in Dargavel^ casein had had the advantage of a conference with the Chief Justice, who vonfinncd his view of the invalidity of the warrant issued in thst instance. He also stated that he had been informed by a legal gentleman who had the repu tation of being industrious in looking up the law tkat it would be correct for Mr. Beddome to amend his warrant or ta issue a fre?h one in view of the application. He iliis Honor) expressed no opinion as to whether the magistrate had the power of amending his warrant or of issuing a fresh one, or as to whether prisoner could be res arrested after his present discharge in con* Noquencc of the badness of the warrant. Mr. Symon regarded Mr. Beddome's decision as *uund, an? aa the warrant was fimetm* ojiri* it could not be amended. Prisoner was de tained for a short time in order that an ex amination might be made into the validity of au affidavit tiled by Air. Harold Downer in support of the proceeding* in the Insolvency Court. A deputation consisting of His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.), the Mayor of Kensington and Nor wood (Mr. r. Caterer), Rev. J. Hancock, and Messrs. & D. Clyde, J. Parkham, Perkins, aud Jonea waited upon the Minister of fidu cation (Hon. J. L. Parsons) on Friday morn- j ing, July 7, to urge upon th? Government the necessity of at once providing a pabtto school at Marryatrille. It was pointed out that of late yean the district between Upper Kensington and Barnsidc had bc-oma nt;nierously populated. There were within a Muall radius close upon oiK) childreu of a sckcol going age. The Norwood school was : i?o milts distant, but it was nearly full, and I <ke imputation in the districts adjacent to it vn- increasing to such an extent that the mliodl would socn be tilled with scholars. The manager of the South Australian Company had promised that he would meet the Ccvrrnment in as fair a manner as he I>C£?ibly could in the selection of a Mic. It was stated that a State .-?.hcol was being conducted by a lady at Upper Kensington, but the deputation did not apply for a new school from any want of ?.ivtidence in that lad}', as they were highly j.iea^ed with the way she carried out her Unties. The importance of the district, however, demanded that greater facilities aliotdd be given to the children to attend ? hool. The Hon. J. L. Parsons, in replying, >aid that the facts brought forward by the deputation were transparently clear. They fcad got the children but they had rot got the necessary school accommodation. The Education Department existed to supply the want, and aa far as he could see it was new timply a question of securing through the board of advice a suitable site at a reasonable cost, and to determine on the eizs of the building. He would take care that a sum sufficient for the school was pat down on xi.c ncit loan estimates, and he would in the nicactime consult with the board of advice on the points he had mentioned. " If Professor Tate. in his report on his \ L-it to the Northern Territory, is fairly just to that region, then, it must be admitted," >ays the Australasian, "that it has been i.miuly and far too lavishly 'cracked up.* ! When we compare the glowing pictures of tiopkttl luxuriance that have been painted '. v ith the stern etchings presented to us by the I? of essor of a bare and barren country, where "it isonlybythemarginsof someof thesluggish watercourses that the vegetation assumes a tropical aspect,' the result is somewhat disap point ing. Still, when we come to details, Mr. Tate has a good deal to say for the resources of the Territory. Its smaller quartz veins ard strings are rich in gold, but to develop gold mining capital and cheap Chinese or negro labor are required, Of tin he speaks niorc doubtfully, but the copper indica tions are highly encouraging. It is in <iealing with the agricultural and pastoral car abilities of the province that Professor' Tate is most unfavorable. the soil appears in bis opinion tobetoo barren for agriculture. The 'meteorological phenomena* are not conducive. While the climate is not moist rrough for agriculture, it is, very oddly, too bemid for pastoral pursuits. The grasses arc not where they might be, and even where they grow most exuberantly they may keep ah ye large herds of cattle, but Professor T*te very much doubts if they have all the requi sites for the production of marketable beef. All this, as we said, is most discouraging. But it may somewhat console us to remember that a similar opinion was passed by official science upon the territory which is now Vic toria, and which was declared upon excellent and highly competent authority to be wanting in everything requisite for the support of life. And thus it is quite possible that the Northern Territory may perversely persist in making headway in spite of the adverse report of Professor Tate." The test questions asked at school examina tions are thus commented on by the Wallaroo Times: —We have been shown a number of the test questions that have been put at re cent examinations, a perusal of which we think will satisfy ordinary minds that it is one of the easiest things in the world for a child to fail. In fact we question whether 1 here are not a number of individuals holding high positions in connection with education in the colony who, without some special pre paration and preknowiedge of what was censing, could give any more satisfactory answer to some than a mere scratching of the head. The fifth class for instance is subjected to such as the following :—Arithmetic—"A person spends £ of his income in rent, & in house expenses, and l-20th in dress. How much has he left, bis income being £509 a year"? "The base of a triangular field is 1,160 links, a&d; the height is 73S links. The field is let for i 24 a year ; find the rent jier acre." ticography.—What causes the rise and fall of tides? Of what gases is the air coraposwi. and in what proportion? sfam<? the chiof manufacturing towns of England. What U the peculiarity of Egypt? Where are the llama, elephant, hippoptamus, tapir, jagaur, end puma found? History.— -Same some battles) in the American war of independence. Who founded our Indian Empire? How did the French Revolution affect England ? What were the corn laws, and when re pealed? Grammar;— Analyse, "Themagnifi cent stronghold which was staked upon the isj-ue of the strife stood close at hand." Parse : magnificent, which, was staked, close, at hand. Inflect" the," and write the past tense of the verb "to praise." The questions for the fourth class are little better. The srcondclaashaverfuch questions as the fol lowing in geography :—" What docs the Government Gums railway carry?" We fear tbU is a question that even the guards on the train would have a dMicuity in answering, unless the education department wishes tv have a sly poke at the Government relative to 4rr r.ow celfbi ated free passes. Then, again, W Lore is the most wool grown? What are thi- Murray ?tearners like? As if it wore I< sfible for any joungsu-r in a second-class i<< £PbWcr:n.!i a conundrum. What is pro <h:r<d Rear lllytli, and what near Mount Vjambier ? What is sent from Port Pirie I Tlieie is much in tho character ani pro ceedings of Tc Whiti, the Maori prophet, of great infercat to investigators like Mr. Herbert tsponcer into the origins of the beliefs of mankind, aud some curious state ments on the subject were made in the rc?nt <!i-bate in the Kew Zealand lloiue of. JtcrTT.-iiitalivcs on the native quest ion. Mr. ISrvie jrave (writes the Auttralarian) a graphic aud impressive description of the way in which, on the occasion of the tcizure of Parihaka, the murderer ltiroki came forward when called upon and jive himself into custody. " If," said Air. liryco. " he hadbecnin the mood of any ordinary man be must hare known ho was being arrosted in all probability with a rope round his neck ; 1 iut 1 knew from the look of the man and from all thirsurroupdingcircum^anct's—even when he had the the haiidculfs round his wrists—that be fully exprctod to lie released by the dread power of his chief." Mr. Bryre told a charac teristic story of Te Whiti and Titokowaru, ?ho had long ixvn au uuit-il!ii;gf lollower of the prophet and had tried to check his growing power. ''On one occasion, after listening to Tc Whiti's usual speech, Tiro fcuw&rn; rose and said he had something to ask. Te Whiti bad been speaking in a mild voice he said, 'What is it, Titokowaru? You can speak.' And Titokowaru said, 'This is all very well about raising the dead, but what U behind you *' He meant what is the pretcu eion you have made based upon. And the voice of Tc Whiti changed from a voice of mildness, end, in atone which ran£ over thecountry side, he said,' There is no one behind me. lam the Father; I am the Son ; I am the Holy Ghost." What did Titokowaru do? He sat down and said,' Ah! I only asked.' Whether he was convinced or not, he ccrtainlrwas ?ile?ccd." Sir George Grey gave aa account of a previous Maori prophet who had abso lutely, according to the Maoris, raised a man from the dead. He fell into the hands of the Government, and after "wins detained in custody for sonic months he announced that he had discovered that he was not the prophet be used to think be was. A very awkward discovery for his followers. Mr. Shcehan related an instance of Te Whiti's adroit ness in escaping the consequences of failure in his predictions. He had solemnly engaged to restore to the Maori people at their next annual meeting the ancestors they bad lost. One or two meetings passed over, and the prophet found pretexts tor the failure of his promise. At the next meeting the question was put br a native whom 1 may call the leader of the Opposition, " Did not Tc Whiti tell us that on a certain day he would raise our dead ancestors V The answer was a very clever one. He said, "Do you not remember that I promised to do so if tor twelve months you were all sober, temperate, pure, and chaste in your lives?' 1 They replied" Yes." "Have yon been so?" The answer was, "No." Then," said Tc Whiti, "do you think I would disgrace your ancestors by bringing them back to a crowd like this?" From all of which it would appear that between Maori prophets and our own prophets who live by predicting mil lcuiiuns, forthcoming ends of the world, and similiar surprising incidents, there is a very strong family resemblance. This evening Mr. C. Proud will deliver a lecture entitled "America, and what I saw there," in the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture kail. Thanksgiving tea and public meetings'in connection with the opening of the Primitive Methodist Church, Wellington-square, North Adelaide, will take place to-night. The debate on Bible-reading in schools, which was to have been held in connection with the Christ Church Young Men's Associa tion this evening, has been unavoidably post poned. The South Park Football Club played their return match with the Victorians on the Kensington Oval on Saturday afternoon, the game ending in a draw. The Parks scored I goal and 5 bchinds to their opponents* 1 goal aud S behinds. Raincrs diorama of the Russo-Turkish war was shown for the last, time at the Academy of Music on Saturday evening. There was a crowded attendance, and the various views exhibited called forth the admiration of all present. The company is announced to appear at Balaklava this evening, Mr. G. Crocker Smith has arranged for a series of six popular concerts in the Port Adelaide Town HolL They are to be ?iven on Monday evenings, and the first will'take place to-night, a capital programme having been provided for the occasion. Mr. H. Plum stead will be the musical director. Miss Lucinda Blackham intends giving a grand fashionable concert in the Town Hiil on Friday evening next, at which she will be assisted by local talent. The coacjrt, which viil.be under the direction of Mr. W. R. Pjbus, promises to be an artistic success, and should not fail to attract a largo attendance it lovers c* music. In our advertising columns ?will be found some exceedingly eulogistic criticisms of Miss ISlackham's sinking, taken frcm the Melbourne papers. The fifth free breakfast in connec tion with the City Mission was held on Sunday morning, July 9, in the Mission Hall. There were forty-seven persons present, of which twenty-seven were adults and twenty lads of from ten to fifteen years of age. Among the adults were several in utterly destitute circumstances and of vicious repu tation. Twelve Christian workers were pre sent to assist in serving. After the breakfast an evangelistic service was held, consisting of singing, prayer, the reading of Scripture, and addresses. The service was carried out by Messrs. Jarvis, Green, and Stace, and Miss Green, Mr. C. Stace presid ing at the organ. During the breakfast several 'hymns were rendered by Miss Drummond. The third of the first series of Saturday eveningpopular concerts was given in the Town Hall on Saturday evening, July S, itfore a moderately-filled house, the*wet weather doubtless militating against a crowded attendance. The vocalists on the occasion were Mesdaaes Crocker Smith and Farrell, Miss Watson, and Messrs. Ccoper, Bowen, and Nash, while, the orches tra of the A. V.M.S., under the leadership of ilr. W. J. Mc?ride, violin soloist, also made their appearance for the first time. The pro* gramme was an attractive ard a popular one, and was successfully carried out. In the first part the A.V.M.S. orchestra in an overture, ** La Souveraine,;" were heard to advantage, and Mr. Nash for a baritone ditty, " Here ui?n my vessel's deck,'* had to submit to a pronounced encore. Mr. Mc?ride's violin solo, " Air varioe in G 7* (Rode), was capitally performed; .and a duet for soprano and con tralto, *"Tis tweet in the shade," a very Itfrtty selection, sung by Mrs. Parrell and Alif3 Watson, was productive of loud ap l>!ause. A selection by the orchestra brought the first part of tlie programme to a clo~e. The overture, ** Caliph of Bagdad," by the cix-hestra in the sccocd part, v>as well necived; and "The King's highway," by Mr. Nash, was one of th? best rendered numbers of the evening. The remainder of the programme vas satisfactorily carried out, Mr. W. R. Pybus acted as musical director. "The Sbaughraun" was repeated at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening in the presence of an excellent house. The piece 1 a; ted off exceedingly well, and several of the priccii-al performers were called before the curtain. During the evening the noise made V<y the scene-shifters was so great as to com pletely drown portions of the dialogue To i.iglit "The Mysteries of Ifew York" and "uToole's Castle" will be placed upon the stage. In the first piece, which is of the sen sational type, and is said to be founded on an actual occurrence, a rich New York banker has si son, Charlie Page, who rescues from a niiserable den a waif imm?i Blanche. Oa their way from this place the two enter a well known gambling beil, where they meet the girl's persecutor, Frank Alack, and an exciting scene ensues. Charlie's coachman, Ccrney, arrives and is refused admittance, but at length manages to get inside the place jutt in time to save his master's life. This Charlie has become inveigled in the toils of a fascinating woman, Myra, who is in reality married to an Italian Earned Fennel] i. She, however, disclaims all connection with him, and succeeds in leading Charlie into a dutL The duel is fought, Pcnnclli is wounded. Charlie forsakes his home, and the wail is discovered to be the daughter of the looker's sister. A marriage is arranged between Charlie and Myra, but the Italian LstcrtainiDg the fact succeeds, with the help of his accomplice Mack, in binding and tagging ihe keeper of a swing-bridge over which the train containing the couple is to pass. Their object is to precipitate the train into the hollow. Just, however, *3 the w bistle is heard Corney and a nigger arrive, and, by rephveingjthe bridge, manage to avert the catastrophe. Anxious to marry Charlie for his money. Myra obtains the services cf another Italian, and herself ttccoming Mr. Page's nurse, takes an opportunity to ad minister poison to the old banker. Just, how ever, as the act is being perpetrated she is foiled l>y the waif Blanche, who now turns out to be Myra's sister. The guilty woman makes a second effort to marry Charlie, but is unsuc cessful, and ultimately kills herself in a fit of delirium tremens. Fennelii's revenge is baulked by the faithful Corney, and peace is restored to the banker's home by the betrothal of Charlie to bis cousin Blanche. Mr. Grattan Biggs will take the part of the the TOTrV1"1" Corney. 