CABLE TELEGRAMS. ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS. LONDON, September 28. The military hospital service in Egypt is being very indifferently conducted, and is giving rise to serious complaints. Sir Evelyn Wood is sufferings severely from continual diarrhea contracted during the Egyptian campaign. Sir Garnet Wol- sely is also ill from the effect of his exposure to the sun. Sir John Gorrie, who at present holds the office of Chief Justice at Fiji, has been appointed to a similar position in the Lee- ward Islands in succession to Mr. Henry J. Burford Hancock. The prevalence of small-pox at the Cape of Good Hope is causing the greatest con- sternation among the people. The disease has now attacked the members of the Governor's household ; so intense is the fear of infection that the streets of Cape town are almost deserted. Austria has voted the sum of 700,000 florins, for the succour of the people who have been injured by the recent disastrous floods in various parts of Austria. The Royal Hotel has been completely furnished, and will be opened on Monday next. We draw attention to Mr. Menkens' new stock of fancy articles, many of which are tastefully exhibited in his window, more especially his fans and Japanese ware. At the Working Men's entertainment this evening the sensational piece entitled Grandmother's Ghost will be placed upon the boards. A nugget of gold weighing 50oz. has been found at Castlemaine, Victoria. A native named Alex has been committed for trial by the Bridgetown Bench for fatally spearing a native woman named Polly. The runaway prisoner Thomas Ford was arrested by P.C. Bedingfeld, the York mail-driver, yesterday, and will be brought into Perth per mail-cart this evening. A Queensland telegram states that Mr. Samuel Johnston, proprietor of the Mount Joy sugar plantation, had fallen into the battery of boiling syrup and was scalded to death. His Excellency the Governor, accom- panied by Lord Gifford, Colonial Secretary, and the Hon. J. H. Thomas, Commissioner of Railways, will shortly visit Champion Bay. A coroners' inquest was hold at the Court House this morning upon the body of Job Davis, the fisherman, which was found yesterday in a standing position. The jury returned a verdict of accidentally drowned. We learn of a police constable at the Minninup Police Station being fired at by a man named Donovan, who has been arrested for the offence. It is believed that Donovan was suffering from delirium tremens at the time. From Champion Bay we learn that the erection of the new stores for Messrs. Shenton and Crowther is rapidly progress- ing, and both in architectural design and capaciousness, will compare most favourably with those they are intended to replace. The annual report of the Department of Mines in New South Wales has just been published, and shows the total gold yield of the colony for the past year to have been 149,627 ounces, valued at £566,513. The output of coal, silver, and copper during the year shows a large decrease. The cricket season will open at Fre- mantle next Wednesday, when a match will be played between the Rifle Volunteers and the local Cricket Club. Although the barque's Elizabeth and Honor have been cleared for some days they have been unable to sail from Rockingham owing to the unfavourable winds which have lately prevailed. The arrival of the Charlottee Padbury and Chalgrove from London has placed the latest seasons good in many of the princi- pal stores in the City, Port and suburban towns, particulars of which are contained in the local journals. We understand that it is the intention of the Government to appeal against the deci- sion of the jury in the now celebrated cause Von Bibra versus the Government, for damages sustained to his horse and milk cart by reason of certain obstructions on Perth Causeway. Up to the hour of our going to press no tidings have been heard of the s.s. Macedon, which left Albany for the Vasse at 6.30 p.m. on Wednesday last, 27th inst. As she has very valuable stock on board, besides many passengers, it is conjectured that the vessel has put out to sea to avoid the heavy weather. The s.s. Rob Roy will resume her running to Cossack. She was to have sailed to- morrow, Sunday, but in consequence of the boisterous weather, and the non-arrival of the Macedon her departure has been post- poned to Monday afternoon at half-past three o'clock. The following is the list of passengers per s.s. Otway, H. Moon, master, for Albany via intermediate ports, which left Freman- tle this morning. Passengers :— For Albany —Mrs. Brown, Capt. Scott, J. Cornish, and Mrs. and Miss Shaw. For Vasse—Miss Rose. For Bunbury—Mr. and Mrs. Venn, Misses Stone (2), Messrs. J. Storrie, J. E. Hands ; also, two in the steerage. We may state that contractors and builders in Fremantle have always been careful to obtain—not a license from, but the consent of the Chairman of the local Municipal Council to their erecting scaf- foldings and hoardings when requisite. Thus the paragraph which appears in this day's issue of the Herald is utterly without foundation. Last Wednesday evening at a quarter past ten o'clock at night the Hon. the Attorney, accompanied by the Sheriff and Messrs. J. Hillman, Higman, and Mason embarked on board the " Arabian" for a fishing excursion. The party visited Garden and Carnac islands, and returned yesterday evening, after having enjoyed a most thoroughly pleasant trip. They hooked two sharks, shot two snakes, and rabbits a few, but they caught no fish. The following are the startling head-lines in a recent number of the Cincinnati En- quirer: "The Cross—Before The Crescent Pales—And The World In Shuddering Horror Waits—The Awful Crash Of Arms Between Christian And Mohammedan— When The False Prophet Arrives, Then Indeed May We Look For Hell On The Nile." A large number of nominations of immi- grants have been sent in from various parts of New Zealand since it was notified that the system would be resumed. It is ex- pected that the nomination system will serve our purposes better than any other, as this secures a better class of immigrants. Single girls will be brought out free ; others will pay £6 per adult. While it is to be regretted that many who can well afford it pay very little respect to the memory of their dear depart- ed ones in their last resting place, it is a pleasure to find others taking care to preserve the graves of their relatives. Many of the awkward-looking wooden rail- ings have been replaced by Mr. Summers' iron railings, some of which are very taste- fully displayed. Complaints reach us respecting the course adopted by the Government in sending prisoners from one district to another in the mail coaches, much to the annoyance and inconvenience of the passengers. We hear of runaways charged with, murder and other serious offences occupying seats in Government passenger vans among females and others whose feelings should be con- sidered before the convenience of the police force. What has become of the renowned prison van ? To day Capt. Scott, the plaintiff in the famous trial of Scott v. Hassell, left Fre- mantle for Albany en route for England. We understand that the defendant in the suit gave a cheque for the damages awarded by the jury on the morning after the trial, but that the costs of the action have not as yet been taxed. However, as the costs of plaintiff will amount to about £300, exclusive of an allowance to him of one guinea a day, they are likely to amount to a pretty little sum, especially when the defendant comes to settle his own lawyer's "little bill." Last evening the first Auctioneers' dinner which has been held in this colony, took place in the Emerald Isle Hotel at Freman- tle. There were present upon this occasion Messrs. Courthope, Farmer, McCleery, Morrison, Samson, Saw, Sendey, Solomon, and Woods. The table, which was beauti- fully laid, failed to accommodate the bountiful supply of delicacies which Host Caesar had provided, prominent among which the traditional Michaelmas Goose figured conspicuously. After full justice had been done to the more substan- tial viands the table was cleared, when the health of Her Majesty, Queen and Empress, was drunk with loyal enthusiasm. This toast was followed by others in honour of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and His Excellency the Governor, after which Mr. Solomon proposed Success to the Colony, which was responded to by Mr. Farmer. Mr. Morrison spoke feelingly upon behalf of the profession, and Mr. Barry Wood eloquently replied. Mr. Sendey named the Government Auctioneers, and Mr. W. Samson returned thanks for the honor. Worthy Host Caesar ac- knowledged a unanimous vote of thanks which was accorded him by acclama- tion upon the motion, of Mr. Saw, and the toast of the unfortunately absent "Ladies" brought the proceedings to a close. The guests separated at about mid- night, having spent a most enjoyable evening, after having expressed their inten- tions of meeting at the same place each Michaelmas day as long as they were spar- ed. We must not forget to add that, in drinking to the various toasts, one of the guests confined his libations strictly to non-alcoholic liquids. The Clunes Guardian narrates that three young couples, at Brown Hill quietly hitched themselves into double harness a week or two ago. The husbands shortly afterwards left for another colony, while the ladies returned to their homes. This is motrimony in colonial fashion truly ! An information has been laid against Mr. James Grave, of the firm of Smith & Co., charging him by himself, his servants, agents, and workmen, acting under his direction, with being in the unlawful and unauthorized use and occupation of the waste lands of the Crown by cutting, felling, splitting and removing timber and other trees and wood on, and otherwise being in the unlawful and unauthorized use and occupation of, such waste land. The case has created some interest, and will be heard on Monday next at the city police court. The rumour that was circulated some short time ago in Ballarat to the effect that the local publicans, in view of the action of the Hon. J. Munro in regard to the Local Option Bill, had come to a resolution to " Boycott" the notes of the Federal Bank, of which institution Mr. Munro is managing director, seems to have a soupcon of truth, as it is stated that, a number of publicans have posted notices in their bars to the effect that the notes of the Federal Bank are not negotiable at the hotels where the notices are displayed. An announcement appears in the last issue of the Government Gazette stating that the firing for the Governor's prize will take place shortly. As yet the Fremantle Volunteers have been supplied with neither the requisite Snider rifles nor with the necessary ammunition ; thus they have been prevented from practising with this weapon, an opportunity which the Metropolitan corps have long since enjoyed. We think that thus the Perth Volunteers have been accorded an unfair advantage over their other competitors, and are of opinion that it would be only fair if the contest were postponed until the other competing corps had sufficient time allowed them to become au fait with the new rifle. We have received a copy of the forty- fourth report of the directors of the Union Bank of Australasia, Limited. It is satis- factory to see that the anticipations of the directors, expressed in previous reports, of a revival of trade and enterprise in the Colonies, and of a renewed demand for banking facilities have been fulfilled. Although the resources of the bank are stated to be fully employed, the directors complain that, owing to banking competition, the margin of profits continue low. As however the net profits of tho year amount to £147,635 178. 3d., out of which £13,000 has been transferred to the reserve funds, thus bringing them up to .£830,000, and as a dividend and bonus equal to 16 per cent. per annum has been declared, while £14,135 17s. 3d. has been carried forward, after making ample provisions for every bad and doubtful debt, it rather seems as if the complaint of the smallness of tho profits is intended for a grim joke. At any rate, we certainly think that the shareholders are to be congratulated upon the financial success which has attended the operations of the bank during the past half year. 