TEE HOLT EOMAN EKPIEE. A.D. 800—1804. BT Peptetbe. [A roundabout paper about Catholic history, •which only Protestants can •write, and about how they write it, and how the " Oxford men" read history, and where it led them, and about sedition in Czechland and Ireland :—Inscribed to the Melbourne Academic, and not to be looted at by anyone else. If approved of by those who are not to read, it will be followed neit week by something that deeply concerns all Land Leaguers.] HiviKG been suddenly and unavoidably prevented, in November, from concluding some remarks I had commenced on an important point of history with which the name of Calvin is connected, I return to it at the earliest moment for the purpose of placing the subject in its proper light and bearing, u it stands in the page of impartial and philosophically-written history. I had been giving short sketches of the General Councils of the Church of Christ, and had come to the Council of Constance, A.D. 1414-17; and then it became necessary for me to relate how Professor Hus, of Prague University, had been dealt with at that Counoil. 1. For ten years previously the professor had been the inspiring oracle of the Freethought and Communistic party in Bohemia, which had been rising into notice from about A.D. 1485, and made itself so formidably known and felt, along with all tbe other political and ecclesiastical agitations of the time by which the Holy Roman Empire was disturbed, down to A.d. 1450, and later. The professor had held the office of dean in tbe University of Prague. He was also eleoted "preacher," or incumbent, of the Czech Church in Prague, as he was a Czech, and spoke the language with native fluency. He was also for a few years private chaplain or spiritual director to the Queen of Bohemia, and was an eloquent and effective pulpit orator. Either before or immediately on entering ' the University of Prague, Hus appears to have fallen in with the tracts and books of the Rev. John Wiclif, M.A., of the University of Oxford, and seems to have heartily embraced Wiclif's heretical opinions. Gradually he began to preach them, and about 1409 he was looked up to as the apostle and prophet of the whole body of Bohemian "reformers," both Whig and Radical, at Prague. As matter of course, Hus found himself regarded by the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire as a seditious disturber of the public peace; and at the same time he was suspected at Rome, by the College of Cardinals, as a heretical propagandist and a subverter of the " Standards," that is, the revealed doctrines of the Christian creed. Nevertheless, he was still held in enthusiastic admiration both by the " moderate" Calixtines aud by the " revolutionary" Taborites of Bohemia. Every intelligent and sober-minded reader of my account of the fiery and fussy Czech professor must have seen how little disposed I was to speak disparagingly of him. He was a heretic ; he was convicted of heresy; but even this did not demand of me that I should say one word against his scholarly attainments, though they were discursive rather than profound. I did not depreciate him in his academic capacity, though he frequently exercised his official authority arbitrarily and with favouritism. I insinuated nothing against his moral character, nor did I keep out of sight the prepossessing fortitude with which he accepted death sooner than recant his sinoere convictions, though they were flagrant errors. I wrote of Hus compassionately rather than contemptuously, and told his story with a frank, and candid, and straightforward disregard of everything but the simple truth. And now, bating some misprints, and the accidental omission of a few lines in one place, whereby the meaning is spoiled, I stand to my sketch of the misguided professor as fair, honest, unprejudiced, and incontrovertible. Prom all I can learn of him, Hus, like Galileo, had an irritable disposition and impetuous temper, which provoked hostility; and his whole career ahowB him to have been litigious, perverse, obstinate, defiant and insolent to those who opposed him. Though of a far more heroic type, John Hus, in some respects, seemed to have resembled his Scotch brother in misbelief, John Knox, whom I hold to' have been about the coarsest, meanest ruffian of the (devil's) Reformation. But for all this resemblance, I gave the Czech professor his full due as a dauntless though rash and impolitic political leader. 2. My article was criticised in the Presbyterian newspaper;, hut in such a smirking, flippant, and puerile manner as to render the writer's remarks unworthy of attention. My reviewer's sole object seemed to be to display his own' clownish love of gieglti, and 'Ub the Tirorld know that, among the fish fags of Glasgow, the grand and venerably old Holy Roman Empire was a very small hucktister's shop somewhere in the back sdums of the Salt- market. My reviewer never hinted at its existence, and seemed blissfully ignorant that; this Empire and Emperor of the 'West had had anything particular to do at Constance, or with Hus, or held lawful sway,and dispensed public justice throughout Europe. My critic in the Presbyterian newspaper wrote like a State school boy with only a smatterer's knowledge of medieval history, and evidently learned more from my sketch about Hus than he ever knew before; nor did he venture to impugn the accuracy of my account in a single item. He took it as valid history, as he found it, adopted my spelling of the names of Hus and Wiclif, though" Chambers," the only authority to which he refers, spells them differently ; and, even in the passage which was accidentally distorted by the leaving out of a few lines, he did not know there was anything wrong when he first read it, and only discovered the discrepance from my own subsequent paper; and then all he had to say was that I had a liar's memory, though there was only an omission. 3. What I would urge upon the younger members of the Acidemia is, that the strength of all Protestantism which does not advance into the region of Atheism lies in the malicions falsification of ecclesiastical history. Whether it be Luther, or Calvin, or Cranmer, or Oliver Cromwell's gang, at home or abroad, it is all the same thing—the falsification of history. This is the basis on which they all rest—falsified history. The say ings and doings of the Church of Christ in the centuries gone by, since Peter placed his apostolic seat at Rome, are the theme of endless misrepresentation. St. Peter never was at Rome. That's the Protestant version. The whole Catholic system, rests on the fact that St. Peter was at Rome, as first Bishop of Rome and something more. Protestantism says Peter never was bishop there. What are we to do, then, in the face of this denial and contradiction ? Every Catholic Bishop, as a rule, is to visit the tomb of the Apostle Peter in Rome every three years. Do they visit a tomb where tbe body of Peter never lay? What I want to know 1b how all these fine Protestants found out that Peter the Apostle never was in Rome ? William of Lincoln, a friend and college companion of Wiclif's about a.d. 1360-6, said St. Peter never was at Rome. All the Catholics and all the outcasts from the Catholic Church for 1300 years believed that Peter was at Rome, lived there, died there, and was buried there, and that his tomb was there. Who told William of the Fens that Peter never was at Rome ? That is the point which Protestants have first to explain. And it is so of all other facts. Protestants deny them, and then innocently expect us to abandon our own history, and accept their contorsions, and falsifications, and denials. Gentle fledglings, how artlessly they chirp ! 4. If, when they contradicted us, they all agreed among themselves, " 'twould be something," as Sterne says. But they don't. They say to us, " the written word of God decides everything." Yet it hasn't settled for them, in 350 years, whether the Episcopal, or the Presbyterian, or the Congregational form of Church government is most scriptural, and, therefore, most pleasing to God. The bible leaves this question in darkness and oonfusion, and God, being the author of the bible, is thus made the author of the dark confusion. 5. Mr. Francis Newman, Mr. Clough Clifford, the Marquis of Queensberry, Mr. Bradlaugh, and others, very plainly saw that this principle of settling everything by the bible cut out the very heart of Christianity, and gave up all belief in the bible, and in God who gave such an uncertain guide and judge. This was logical; but it frightened Mr. Bradlaugh's weaker brethren, who had not nerve enough to jump into the yawning gulf of utter infidel blasphemy, and the consequenoe is that, in recent years, the more religious Protestants have been forced back on to the line of Catholic argument in order to save the historic integrity of the bible. Protestantism, having no tradition coeval with the apostles, can never prove the scriptures on Protestant principles;- and have nothing to offer us but their contradictory ipse dixits, which leave us in everlasting doubt, or drive us into total indifference. 6. The infidel understands the full value of the unhistoric argument. The bible is a history. It records certain facts. On these facts rest certain doctrines of eternal importance. If you admit the facts, you cannot deny the doctrine. " But," says the carnal mind, " I hate the doctrine; I don't wish it to be true; I will impeach the history and the facts on which it rests; the history being disproved, the doctrine collapses." 7. This is what the more foolish or fanatical Ephraim Macbriars say and do with Catholic history. They know that if the history be true, the Catholic doctrine is equally true. Hence Catholic history is denied, belied, wrested, tortured, sneered at, laughed at, mocked at, scoffed at, pooh-poohed, ridiculed, derided or denounced as an audacious concoction. ' By every device which spiteful mis-statement and malevolent misinterpretation can invent the force of Catholic history is sought to be parried, or nullified, and made to mean what we know it does not mean; and then we are prayerfully and piously asked to receive this as the pure original chronicle. 8. It was in striving to clear away this accumulation of falsified history that the so- called " Oxford Converts *-' began to perceive in what direction the 'historic road really ran. It was not so much the study of this or that particular doctrine brought them back from the deserts of heresy to the fold of Christ, as the study of history or the recognition of argumentative indications which led them home. When the historic argument was mastered, it carried the whole body of Catholic doctrine with it into the mind at once, as an indivisible series of divine prepositions, which was The Catholic Faith, any one of whioh prepositions being doubted or denied, tbe fact of revelation was doubted or denied, and with that the veracity, that is, the existence of God, for God reveals no falsehood, and, being God, cannot, in His love, leave us carelessly exposed to the danger of believing falsehood unawares. His love binds Him to give us an infallible protection against misbelief or false belief, for a false belief cannot save anyone. So far as the "Oxford movement" did anything worth doing, it pointed out the sure road to the true faith, by pointing out that the path of true ecclesiastical history led "to Rome." In writing his splendid book on the Arians, this flashed like a ray of light on the mind of Cardinal Newman. "He saw a ghost," as he says in the Apologia; a sudden new perception flashed upon him; the historic argument by which he smote Arianism out farther, and also smote Protestantism ; " pulverised" it. He saw Rome at the end of the long road, and he went to Rome by the historic route. And so was it more or less with all the Oxford converts. It was not direct controversy, but the study of Christian antiquity, or church architecture, or church music, or other ecclesiological branch of investigation, which gently led them on to the historic track, and rescued them from the wilderness and its wolves. 9. Some Broad Church or Freethought Christians have said that the historic argument is only a " moral' one. For my part, I don't think the Church's Identity, or that vital continuum consciousness which she has of her own existence, is a moral inference; her personality is the most self-evident of personalities, and needs no logical proofs. She was born on the day of Pentecost and has—not developed, but—grown into cosmopolitan dimensions the same today, only larger than on her birthday, as a man grows from his infant state to fullness of stature, but always the same person. The human infant cannot change itself into another kind of animal. Still less could the Church of Christ turn into any thing else than the Church of Christ, because her indwelling, informing spirit is the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, which was to abide with her for ever, keeping her ever the same, in doctrine, in worship, and in discipline: a city set on a hill which all mankind may see. 10. The history of her life in the last 1800 years is the ecclesiastical history or her autobiography. Who can write this or now how to go about to write it but her own. Who could ever write Lord Byron's Memoirs like himself. How much of the charm of Dickens' diary would be lost if we had reason to believe it was not genuine, his own. Yet wretches like D'Aubigne, and all sorts of anti- Catholic historians, write the annals of the Catholic Church : authors who start with the postulate that she is a polluted and apostate spiritual harlot who has always been drinking the blood of her holiest children, the saints. 11. This would seem to be something like a dogma with my reviewer in the Presbyterian newspaper. For he dashes off with the crazy idea that I wrote my sketch of the Council of Constance for the purpose of clearing the Church " from the murder of Hus." To this crack-brained balderdash it would be answering the fool according to his folly if I were to make any reply. But to The Academia I say that the Church, or Council of Constance, "murdered" Hus just as much as Sir Redmond Barry " murdered" Ned Kelly; or just as much as Sir Archibald Michie went up on the drop and fastened the rope round that bushranger's neck. It became Sir Redmond Barry's duty as a lawful judge, lawfully empowered, to sit and hear Ned Kelly's trial. After hearing the evidence, the jury brought in their verdict, and the judge then declared what penalty the law awarded, and passed the legal sentence. Was this " murder ?" The public executioner adjusted the rope round the sufferer's neck, and drew the bolt. Was the hangman then a murderer? Let the Presbyterian newspaper answer. 12. Professor Hus was accused of a twofold crime ; 1st, as a priest, with the violation of all priestly duty and priestly vows made at his ordination, in openly denying, and in sermons, and printed books or writings, the Standard, doctrines of his Church, and teaching the people of Prague that they were false. This was a charge of heresy, or choosing to believe what he knew was contrary to what he had solemnly professed to believe at his ordination, as well as to teach. This was his offence, and for this he was tried before a full bench of the most learned divines at Constance in 1415. The offence was ecclesiastical and could only be tried before ecclesiastics, as being doctrinal and theological experts. I want to know why the Rev. Charles Strong, a Presbyterian clergyman, tried for his doctrinal life "here in Melbourne last year—I want to know why he wasn't tried for his article in a local Review before the police magistrate at the town-hall. He wasn't. He was tried before Presbyters," before Presbyterian 'theologians and doctors. Well, and where or by whom should Hus be tried but before priests and bishops, Catholic theologians and doctors, who knew the Standard doctrines of the Catbo- Uo Church to whioh hehad,proved unfaithful. Before a 'well-qualified and competent tribunal Hus toastried for heresy; 4mt, 2nd, he was not sentenced to death bv the Counoil. The. Church never yet passed sehtence of death on anyone. The Church passes only eeck-giarjtical sentences, the most severe of which is deprivation of holy orders, if a priest be the offender, or excomnraniQ.^,, from Church rites and fellowships!,! prisonment in a cloister, or penluul fasting, or alms. As a heretic, both toJj and by himself confessed, the Council !? Constance, being then in session as tu highest Ecclesiastical Court in the Holy Roman Empire, found Hus guilty ml deprived him of priestly rank and dignity But there the Council stopped. It passed no death sentence upon him. What other oharge then remained against him ? Thea remained a charge of Sedition against him This "the Churoh could not try. ~ " civil, and not offence, and the civil power had power to try the civil case against Hus. The Church had no direct mission to hear or determine in civil offences. That was the provinoe and function of the State The State, or Holy Roman Empire, had no power to try for Heresy. The Church had no jurisdiction in cases of Sedition. The Emperor, as supreme in all civil cases, and who had made every effort in his power to persuade Hus to change his mind—the Emperor then sentenced the unyielding Czech to death as a seditious heretic who taught that it was truly scriptural to kill any king or potentate who fell into grievous sin 12. Is this, then, all that is to be said about the matter f By no means. There is g great deal more to be said about it. But I hope the Academia understands that the charge against Hus was two- fold: 1st of Heresy; 2nd, of Sedition. For the hsresy as was most just and right, the Counoil tried him and punished him by depriving • him of that priestly rank and dignity which she had conferred upon him as the Queen of England takes away her commission from an officer of her army who has dishonoured it. For the Sedition, tha Emperor punished him with a sentence of death, most righteously passed upon him according to the law of the Holy Roman Empire, whioh he had traitorously and per. sistently violated by stirring up the Bohemian Czechs to assassinate that emperor if they could get or make an opportunity to kill him. Leaving the heresy oat of sight for a moment, I ask the Academia to consider well, and then tell me how many tears the Presbyterian ministers or clergy of Melbourne, even including the Rev. Charles Strong, would shed if the telegrams of to-morrow morning brought ub the news that no less than seven Irish Catholic priests had been apprehended on a charge of inciting the peasant farmers of Limerick and Tipperary to pay no rent, but to lay ont the money in the purchase of firearms to shoot her Majesty's soldiers. This would be Sedition; and supposing 20 Irish Catholic priests were tried on such a charge and found guilty, how many Presbyterian parsons in victoria would cry their eyes out when they heard that the whole 20 were hanged by the neck until they were dead. So you may reflect, O esteemed Academia, that there is sedition and sedition. Bohemian sedition, which ennobles the sedition-raiser to a glorious martyr; and Con- emara sedition, for which every participator and instigator should be hanged, and hanging too good for him, or for her, or for them. that a glorious thing it is to be so stone blind (with savage animosity) that a gross of Roman spectacles could not help them to see their own malignity. Februarv 13, 1882. 