THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) FEoanissio:;. ovr. mouth, a.vd cu& ansouiicEa SANDHURST, MONDAY, MAR. 13, 1882. Crowded Oct.—Owing to pressure of mining non-a and general reports, we are compelled to hold over our leading matter. Formation of Water Trusts.— Unexpected alacrity lias' been exhibited by local bodies throughout tho oolony taking advantage of the provisions of tbo Water Oonoeryation Statute. The department of Water Supply is straining every nerv'S to expedite the preliminaries in the formation of trusts and already has referred to its engineers tho duty o£ reporting npon tha works to bo oarried out by tho wfttor trQsts proposed to be formed by St. Arnand, Epbuca, benalla, Strathfieldsayo, Swan Hill, Dunmunkle, and KoroDg. In addition {says tho Herald) to these, applications to form water truatB have been received from Yea, North Ovens, Shep» parton, Yarrawonga, Wirnraera, Bacohns Marib, East Loddoc, and Kyijetop', aui^ QtJjers are daily mmg> Gold, Calls, and Dividends.—'Tin- state ment this week is eminently satisfactory in every respeot. In the first place, the gold returns amounted to nearly 4,GOO ozs., or about S00 ozs. more than what was hitherto the best total for any week for the presentyear. This is all the more gratifying, as there is every pros pect, not only of its continuance, but of an increase, as in a week or two the St. Mungo will bs added to the list of gold-producing claims, and other compauiea will shortly follow. The largo total this week is principally due to the Belmont and Saxby Company, with its fine cake of 607 ozs.; but besides this several other good returns appear, including the Garden CuHy United, 524 ozs.; New Chum Consolidated, 4* I ozs,; and North Shenandoah, 40S oz^. Ihe other principal contributors were:—Ellesmere, 263ozs.; Princess Dagniar, 251 ozs,; New Chum United, 199 ozs.; Johnson's Gold Mines, 14(5 ozs.; Duchess of Edinburgh, 1 IS ozs.; and Fone's, 117 ozs. As a consequence of the excel lent returns, the dividends are heavy, amount ing to £8,325 17s. The Belmont, Garden Gully United, Ellesmere, and North Shenandoah declared Is. each, and United Hustler's a^nd Redan, Hercules, and Dagmar Gd each. The calls are very light, only amounting to £200. The respective totals for the ten weeks of the present year now stands:—Gold, 2(5,700 ozs.; calls, £4G,176 Ss. 3d.; dividends, £3(5,053 Si.; calls over dividends, £10,123 0s. 3d. Miners and the Payment of tiif.ir Wages. —The difficulty which miners sometimes ex perience iu obtaining their hard earned wages was very well exemplified in the city police court, on Saturday, iu the case of J. Stevenson v. J. Argall, H. Morres, and C. Quin, for £3 7s. Gd. wages due. The justness of the claim was not questioned, but a legal defenoe was set up, Mr. Wrixon appeared for the plaintiff, aud Mr. Motternm for the defence, and at the re quest of the latter the evidence was taken down in writing, so that if desired it might be avail able in case of appeal. The facts disclosed were briefly that tho defendants, and Jas. Morrison, were partners in a claim known as the New Moon, at Myrtle Creek, in the Castlemaino mining district, Morrison aoted as the mining mauager, and had control of its working. lie had received money to pay men working iu the claim their wages, but not sufficient, and in order to pay himself somo of what was due to him, sold gold, the result of the crushing, and kept the money, as also money for tools he sold. The trial crushing did not prove good, the yield being only 3 ozs. (5 dwts. from 11 tons of stone, and Morrison stated that had the crushing turned out well, he believed the wages would have been paid. It further transpired that Stevenson was engaged in Sandhurst with the sanction of Quill, who had stated that he would lie willing to pay his share of what was due, but that Argall declined to have anything more to do with the matter. Stevensoa finding that his requests for payment were useless then took pro ceedings against the partners. Mr. Motteram urged that tho defendants were not legally liable, as tho company had not been registered. Tho bench, however, gave a verdict for the amount claimed, with f7s- bd, oosts. At Mr. Motteram's request stay of execution for a week was granted to allow of appeal. A Dangerous Practice.—Tho practise of lighting fires outside, especially during weather so hot as the present, is to be condemned. There is a city by- law bearing ou the matter, but, unfortunately, it is not regularly kept in opera tion. This careless practice is often the cause of unnecessary alarm A gentleman walking along Queen-street yesterday morning observed smoke rising from the rear of Tonk's Dowling-street Hotel, aud, destructive riresof late having been, unfortunately, so common, he thought another conflagration had occurred. However, on going nearer, he discovered tlii^t the fire \yaa burning in a back-yarn, and that it wos being used for domestic purposes. Electoral Registrar.—It is notified in last Friday's Government Gazette that Mr. A. Fuller, of Rochester, has been appointed electoral registrar for the Rochester division of Mandu rang, and for the Corop division of Rodney, aud deputy-eleotoral registrar for the Mouut Hope division of the $orth-\Yastern Province, ai)d for the Echuca division of the Eastern Province, during the absence on Jeiiye of Mr. Albert Fuller, The Mandurang Tea Meeting and Con cert came oil' ou Wednesday last and was very well patronised. At the concert Mr..RnndIe, J P., took the chair iu placs of Mr. Samuels, who was unavoidably absent, and explained the object in view, which was to provide funds for giving prizes, etc,, to the children attend ing the ephoal. The programme, consisting of songs, stump speech, Caudle lecture, a farce, etc., was then gone through, aud proved a weicome break to the dull monotony of bush life. (Several meipbers of tho 3.B.8.—Messrs. Pickup, Middletou, Morrison, and llyan—took part iu the concert, and their patieuce must have been severely taxed by the number of encores. Mr. Beavis, Miss Myer, and Miss frankerd also added their quota to the eveu ing's amusement, 'l'he eouuert being couoluded, the usual votes of thanks were passed. About seventy children attending the school sat down to tea, Mr. Boekleman nresided at the piano, and Butler's band supplied music for dancing, which was carried on outside as the school-room was too small for the purpose. V.R.C. Meeting,—The racing season of 1SS1-2 was brought to a termination on Saturday, when the programme of the Autumn Meeting of the V.R. Handicap, one of the principal races of the meeting, was mn for, aud not altogether contrary to expectation, the winner turned up in a com parative outsider. The winner, Hyacinth, was trained ip thfl sp.me stab's -"Vs WellinuUm aud Allander, and thp property of Mr. J. Pearson, a well-known and popular sportsman. The field was very large, no less than 37 facing the starter. On tho previous night, and until tho fall of the flag, Hesperian and tile Ghost were very strong favorites, tho former starting at 2 to 1 It was confidently stated that Hesperian | did 't* trial in 1 min. 14 sees., which is a couple of seconds faster than the distance for the Newmarket Handicap (three-quarters of a mile) has ever been run, and when this news got abroad there wan a great rush to back him. Telegrams were received iu Sandhurst advising him as a certainty for the race, but as tho resulc proved, very little reliance can be placed ou pri vate trials, liuclid was the Becond horse, which was another surprise for the public, as Tho GhoBt and Cretnome in tho same stable, were both supposed to be fleeter animals. Larpent, who ,vas well supported, justified to some ex tent the confidence placed in bis chance by running third, uo mean performance iu such a field of horses. ljyapiuth i» et^id _ to h.avc beeu hacked by his owner to win £(5,OOU, and al though au outsider was supported by the public at long odds, just previous to the fall of tho flag. Locally we hear of several winnings, prin cipally in sm?vll sums. A solicitor's clerk with snorting proclivities, is s^id t^ hr^vy r,utted having backed the double, Pollio and Hyacinth. Ho was, like others who won, induaed to back the winners on tho strength of tho tips iu the Evening World, which were surprisingly correct right throughout tho meet ing. In fact the luck of the IforW tipster was equal to anything in that line yet reported in "tula colony, The programme of tho day's terminated with tho handicap for Three and Four Year Qld's, which wqs'wou by Duchess with rldlouloilB ease, Ou this occasion tho mare was ridden by Halen, who kept her well in hand until nearing the winning post, when ahe oamo through her horses without the whip and landed an easy winner, It was pre viously considered that ahe would not race when kept behind, but her running on Satur iay dispelled that illusion, and it is quite possible that the ji}aro will be heard of again at uo dis tant date, A report of t}ie day's racing appears in another columo. Engine Drivers' Association.—The weekly meeting was held on Saturday. There was a good attpndance. The secretary reported that a deputation waited on the Minister iu Sand hurst on Friday last; nothing of any public interest transpired. The Minister, however, promised that he would again meet tho commit tee on an early date, or whenever they had any business to lay before him. The secretary of tho Eflglehawk Association attended and re ported favorably of that branch. After the usual routine business the meeting closed, Tjie International Cricket Match.—The match between the English and Australian Elevens wa3 reaujned in Melbourne on Saturday, The Englishmen concluded their innings for a total of 309 runs, and at the close of the day the *'iatr«liaus had made 223 for tho lo3s of hve ^fnlretn a l,° match will he resumed to-day. On Friday It was deefr'l by the Australians to take thirteen players home to England, and Jones, of Hew South Wales, has been chosen, The team will bo th^s further strengthened in batting and bowling. Tjje Victorians in Adelaide.—Tho team at present in Adelaide representiog Victoria closed their first innings on Saturday for 10G. The South Australians then went in for their second innings, and were disposed of for 200, making a grand total of 319 for both innings. The v ic toriana have thus to make 213 runs in their Becond innings to save a defeat, or 214 to win. Eaglkhawk Police Court.— Mr. P.M., presided 0B Saturday. For permitting liquors to be sold iu their licensed bars on Sunday, W. J. (Jillingham, Thomas Barrell, \Vm, Kingley, Thomas Carter, aud Job" Brown, were tach lined 40s., with 2s. Gd. costs. A similar case against D&uiel; Rogan was dismissed, tho proof , being imperfect. A publican named Thomas Carter was charged by excise officer Heady for neglecting to deface a duty ttamp uii a beer barrel. The offence was proved, and the defendant fined 203., and 2s. Gd. costs, Margaret Brearly, for a similar offence, was fined 10s.» with 2s, Qd costs, in default three days imprisonment, Another paeo against Jacob Price waa dismissed, as tha'caalL ha4 tapped by the defendant's littio boy in defendant s absence. A charge of loitering on the road against a osbmao was distjiisaed, 3nd the oourf Destructive Fire at Ironji.yrk.—An alarm of lire was raised about two o'clock oil Sunday morning at lronbark, The glaro waa clearly visible trom the oity watch-tower, and Boon tho brigades turned out. It Was found that the well- known lronbark hotel, opposite the Cen tral Foundry, was in flames. By the time the brigades arrived the interior of the liuildiug was entirely gutted, and the flames had just issued through the roof. The building contained six rooms with the bar; only the bare walls are now left. The landlady, Mrs. B. Hansen (widow of the lata Air. Soren Hansen, the well-known mining manager) and her family retired about twelve o'clock. Beforo leaving, however, Mrs. Hansen gave the Bervant-girl instructions to let in one of the boarders if she heard him knock. About half-past one o'clock a sick child sleeping in the next room to Mrs. Hansen, called out that some one was at the door knocking. No notice was taken at the time, but tho little girl afterwards saug out that she heard something crackling. The servant girl immediately got up, and on opening the door of the dining-room, was almost suffocated with a dense volume of smoke and flime, but observed that a piano in the corner was ablaze. She raised the alarm, and Mrs. Hansen and her family rushed out of tho building as rapidly as they could. The f rout door was next broken open and a few articles were saved, including some chairs and a sofa. Great excitement prevailed as the flames progressed, it being rumored that a little girl, who had been suffering from low fever, was still in tile burning buildings. However, in a few minutes the child was found safe in a neighbor's house. When the brigades arrived several Btreams were turned on the buildiug, and the flames were prevented from spreading to the kitchen and the adjoining weatherboard store belonging to Mr. Beyer. Tho woodwork of the six rooms was all burnt. Amongst tho property lost was £9 153., which was left in the pocket of Mrs. Hansen's dres.-f; a valuable piano, chest of drawers and furniture, besides all the stock in tho bar. The building was the property of Mr. A. Beyer, and war, wo believe, insured for £G00. Tho stock and furni ture were insured by Mrs. Hansen in the Colonial Mutual Company for £150, but she estimates her loss at over £250. A number of valuable documents, scrip for shares in various companies, and sotno jewellery, were all de stroyed. It is supposed that the lire was caused by some careloss aot on tho part of those who had been in the hotel just previous to closing up. The Catholic Temperance Lecturer.— Father Henneberry, the well-known temperance advocate, has returned to Sandhurst, and last eveuiug iu St, Kiliau's Pro-Cathedral he delivered an earnest and vigorous address on the evils of drink. The church was crowded to excess, and about 300 persons responded to the invitation to take the pledge. During his tour through the colonies, Father Henueberry has dono a large amount of good, having induced between G0,000 and 70.000 persons to pledge themselves against tho use of intoxicating beverages. This ovening he will deliver an ad dress at the meeting of the Catholic Temperanco Society iu St. Kiliau's Hall, when the ceremony of unfurling tho magnificent new banner will take plaoe. Next Sunday Father Ilenneberry opens a mission at Beechworth. A Thoughtful Action.—Our Inglewood correspondent says :—The contractors for tho Korong Valley railway have made a very liboral offer to the hospital committee, namely, to give the use of their engines on St. Patrick's Day to bring people from along tho lino to the feto for the benefit of tho hospital on the 17th inst. Accidents at a Fire.—Two aooidents hap pened to fi.emeu during the tiro at tho lronbark Hotel early yesterday morniug. The Long Qnlly Brigade were running with their reel down tho hill near tho British and American Hotel, when a fireman named James Smith, who was running behind holding on to the hydrant, fell to tho ground, consequent on the hydrant giving way. His knee-cap was fractured, and both bauds were bruised and skinned. Another fireman, whilst engaged iu putting out the i^ames, received a nasty cut acfoas hjs h^nd by a pieoe of glaaa, Alarm o» Fire.—Shortly before five o'clock last eveniug the watchman rang tho alarm of fire, indicating "west." The brigades very quickly turned out, and two proceeded in the direction of New Chum, while another went along Barnard- street, but no flames Qould he seen. The cause of alar;r, was. however, found to be soitje rubbish burning near the Abe Jjinooln crushing works, New Chum. An inmate of the Bendigo Hospital, named Henry Souvernan, aged 31 yenrs, admitted on 18th February, died on Saturday from low fever. SUDDEN DEATH. - Mounted-constable Sains- bury, of Kangaroo Flat, last evening reported to Mr. Strickland that Mrs. Janet Leithead, the landlady of the Viaduct Hotel, died suddenly yesterday afternoon. The deceased had not been well lately, but was not attended by a medical man. An inquest will be held to-day at half-past ten o'clock. Melbourne Umykrsity.— Amongst the successful candidates during the February term examinations was Mr< G, P. Watson, sou of Mr. Darnton Watson, of lronbark. He passed the second year's course prescribed for solicitors. Disgraceful Proceedings at a Fire.—The callous rascality of some people is almost beyond belief. Shortly after the breaking out of the fire early yesterday morning at tho lronbark Hotel, about 300 persons gathered around the building. Several of the more honest aud cou rageous amongst, tho crowd succeeded in rescuing some of the unfortunate laudlady'fl property, A few chairs Rod Qthef articles were placed iu the middle of tho road, but \here were thieves about and the furniture was soon carried off. It is said that persona were seea- carrying away articles in all directions. Whilst a boarder, who is member of Nortlioott's Baud, was trying to Baye some of hia olotbisg, he caught a man rau oaoking thp pockets. When confronted, the man replied, " I'm trying to save these things for you." Other individuals directed their attention to tho liquors, and the oellar door was broken open and a oaak of beer rolled up. It waa then tapped, and everyone mean enough helped him self. All this is said to have been done under the eyes of the police. Tub Price of Bread.—It is notified in our advertising columns that the price of bread will on aud after to-day, be 0$d, per four-pound loaf, Petty Larceny.—A young girl, .17 years of age, namod Margaret Campbell, was arrested on Saturday, oa the chargo of stealing a table cloth aud towel, valued at 5s., the property of J, Fourment, of the Morning Star hotel, She waa engaged a domesticservaut in the hotel, and will appear before the oity bench this morning. City Court. — Messrs. Holdsworth aud Rundoll, Js.P., sat on the bench on Saturday, Thomas Cooper alias Stewart, alias Miller, was charged with yagranpy, As ho was suffering severely from the effects of heavy drinking he was remanded to this day (Monday)'. Margaret Morrison, who was arrested on tho previous day, on the charge of larceuy at Geelong, waa re manded to this day, on the application of the polioe. Bail was allowed in one surety of £20, and her own recognisance in a like amount. For having infringed on the Crowu lauds regu lations, W. Deutchman, J. Kavins, A. Munroe, and M. Kavins, wore each fined 5s., with 2s. Q l. oosta. Orders were given in debt cases as follow i—H- C. Weibgeii v. Scarlett, £3 6<., and 2s. 0d. oostsj StevenBon v, J. Argall, H. Morris, and C. Quin, £3 7s. 0d., and 17s. Gd. costs, Kastkr Fair.—Ladies willing to assist at "YeOlde Euglisbe Fayre," to be held in the Town Hall, in connection with the Easter Fair, are requested by advertisement to meet in the Mayor's Konm at the Town Hall, this afternoon, at four o'clock. In consequence of the short time before Eastei- to make all the necessary arrangsinents, active steps must at once be taken, it is therefore hoped thero will be a full attendance. Me, C. E, Jones.-—It is announced in our advertising columns that Mr. C. E. Jones, the well-known lecturer, will shortly pay Sandhurst and Eaglehawk a visit. is now nearly a decade since Mr, Jones last lectured in Sand hurst. The Weather.—The weather during Satur. day aud yesterday was most unpleasant. On each day the sky waa overclouded, and there ■syas every appearance of a downpour of rain. The atmosphere was very close, and the heat most oppressive. Towards evening yesterday, the clouda cleared away. At an early hour this morning there ia still every appearance of a con tinuance of fine weather, The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, iu the Bhade :—9 a.m., 77°; 12 a.m., 97°; 3 p.m., 101"; 0 p.m., 95°; maximum, 104°; minimum. 71°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29°220; 6 p.m., 29°090. Besdigo Hospital.—The following ia the re turn for the week ended 11th March, 1SS2:— Remaining £he hospital 4th March, 141; admitted during the weej*, aq; djSjjhg'ged. 17; died, 3; remaining in tSp hospital, l4ij, dinars; Van Pamme and Stewart attended on 7th instaut,, and considered 20 applications for outdoor relief, all of which were granted. 