ftttawlmM NEW SOUTH WALES. Opening of St. Mary’s Cathedral. SECOND DAY. ( The Express, September 16.) Notwithstanding the fact that several cir cumstances concurred to lessen the number of tin; congregation on Saturday, nevertheless about four thousand persons had assembled before the joyous bells ceased to invite them. The procession was similar—in all important particulars— to that of the preceding da}7, the principal exception being that the “ Coronation ” was substituted for the “Triduum” March. The celebrant of the Mass was the Tight Rev. Dr. Redwood, the deacon and subdeacon being, respectively, Fathers James Sheridan and If. R. Callachor. The Right Rev. Dr. Torregiani was the preacher on the occasion, and took for his text this jiassage from the first chapter of the Christian Doctrine :—“God made us to know Him, to love Him, and to serve Him in this world, and to lie happy with Him for ever in the next.” His Lordship then said : — When they considered attentively the rational acts of man, they saw at once how be was moved by a preconceived end, which he had in view in each of his rational acts. It required no arguments to convince them of that, and as a principle embracing all times and all nations, it could not come into opera tion by chance. The, spirit gave life to the body, and thereby man acted, moved, and thought. It followed as a necessary con sequence that He who placed us in this world must possess a spiritual nature in an infmite degree, for no one could give what lie did not himself possess. Hence followed the question, what end had God preconceived in bringing us out of nothing, and placing us in this world V The end was a most glorious one. Men had been carried away by false principles of philosophy, which placed the end to be aimed at within the precincts of this world. Riches would procure happiness, said they. Rower also, according to some, should form the idol of man’s mind, and in fact, to rule the world should be the end of man's ambition. This looked great and bril liant in itself, but others, not satisfied with cither of these, would go farther, and say a combination of wealth, power, and pleasure should be man’s ultimate end. They might have seen in books that such wore the prin ciples of the world, and if lliey were to follow such fatal principles they would be totally ruined here and hereafter. One glance at such false, philosophy showed at once how 1 true his remarks were. Look at the man who placed his ardent hopes in this world. Look at the miser who clung to his gold like a leech. He made a perishable idol to him self, and how he laboured day and night, thinking that the moie he acquired wealth the better off he should be, and at last he should sit down comfortably and be happy, for he had achieved the end for which lie bad lived. Rut sickness smote him, and in a moment lie saw and verified the decree of the infinite, and eternal God that lie must give up everything he possessed. Then the 1 mind began to be troubled and agitated, and the senses were distorted here and there, and be began to realize the fallacy of the principle which taught him to work for the creature and not for the Creator. He asked his chil dren to assist him, but they saw death ap proaching, and said to him, weeping, “Oh, father, what can we do tor you, the. end is " drawing near and we must, part, for ever. He replied, “ I have given you an immense fortune, vet you can do nothing lor me ; if T bad served God 11c would have recompensed *’ne. It is all over now, 0 gracious God ; I forgot Thee from the beginning, and now I must perish for ever.” To take that man who lixes his eyes on power, who places his whole affection in the love of dominion, how pleasant he thinks it is to be supreme, to be, as it were, another God. He goes on, never thinking of the end for which he was created. They could see that man reduced to his proper level, and that dark cloud that en veloped his mind rent and unfolded. He sees before him, as did Alexander the Great, the grave yawning before his face, and he must leave everything behind him, and cried out, not for offending his Creator, but for his ambition unaccomplished, which lie was ob liged to abandon ; and he passed away and was lost for ever. If they glanced at that man who possessed as much wisdom as man could acquire in this world, the accumulation of pleasure combined with wealth and power—the king, for instance, who, like Solomon, could say, “Whatsoever 1113* e3res desired I refused them not what a lesson stared them in the face. If the possession of power, wealth, and pleasure could make a man happy, Solomon should have been the happiest of men, but he found nothing else but “ Vanity of vanities,” and that he had i missed the true end of man’s life. Our ul tunate end could not be attained on tins earth. By nature man would be continuously smuggling, and be a contradiction to himself, leaving hope behind and casting himself into the depths of despair. If they wished to find the true end of man they would have to enter into themselves, and when truth dawned upon the mind it assimilated external truths to itself, and we found that our intel lects were created to seek after truth, for the intelligence was not satisfied in grasping mate rial things, but stretched o nt to the infinite, and where was that to be found ? In the great book of nature they found the fulness and the ocean of all truth, and the more truth was assimilated the more we were led to hunger after the knowledge of God. Know ing Him led us to love Him and serve Him, which opened the way to supernal happiness —happiness hereafter. They could see at once what they had to do to save their souls —to know God not only as He was in Him self, but as He was in the operations of His grace. [The preacher here descanted upon the Unity and Trinity of the Godhead as ex plained by theologians, and continued.] What had God done for us ? He had only" to speak the word and the world was made, and what was the use of being created if we were plunged into an abyss of misery where we should feel for ever the pain of sense and the infinite pain of loss. When God had saved us from sin and hell, He showed Him self to us, that where He was we also should be. He came visibly, in order to win us to Himself without forcing our will. They saw what God had done in the case of St. Paul. He was a fierce persecutor of the Church, and when the cloud was taken away from his intellect he became a glorious apostle, and so the work was done without detriment to Ins free- will. Oh! great crown of glory which awaited them if they remained faith ful for a few years of existence. The action of man’s soul might he compared to iron put into the lire which assimilated the heat,t° itself and looked like the same thing. So the soul wrapt up in God would retain its own nature, hut would he so transformed as to partake of the nature of God. “(Inly a period remains,’’ said the speaker, “and then we shall enter another kind of existence, and you will realise more than ever the value of the sacrifices you have made here on earth. God Himself will illumine your intellects and give you grace to persevere to the end.” ilis Lordship is a sympathetic preacher— his tones are sweet, and his words simple and unaffected. He certainly comes up to the ideal— gentle though grave; calm though full of feeling. The music was admirably selected anil almost faultlesslyoxecuted. As the long and brilliant ecclesiastical cortege entered and marched through the Cathedral, the orchestra, under Mr. Delaney’s guidance, performed the majestic “Coronation March” from “the Prophet,” with splendid effect, and as soon as the chief officiating prelate had taken his place on the Sanctuary, the choir commenced the Kyrie of Mereadante’s Mass. As the building was not quite tilled, both voices and instruments sounded better than on the previous day, and altogether the musical performance was a highly creditable one. The chorus singing in Mercadante’s Gloria and Credo, especially in the finale of the former, was exceedingly grand, and in Gounod’s Sanctus, Benedictus, and Agnus Dei—music of an entirely different character —singers and players were equally successful. In the “ Credo ” the exquisitely devotional “EtUnam Sanctum” was exquisitely sung by Mr. James Hinchey, Mr. J. A. Gread, and ATr. McLean. All the other solos and con certed passages during the Mass were sung by Mrs. Bile}r, and Messrs. J. Hinchey, F. Brewer, J. F. Flynn, and M‘Lean. Mr. Brewer sang remarkably well in the “ Et Incarnatus,” and at the offertory Miss Sherwin, assisted by chorus and orchestra, was heard to advantage in Hummel’s “Alma Virgo.” The “ Hallelujah ” chorus, with the full strength of voices and instruments, brought the pro ceedings to a close at half-past 1 p.m. Mr. Delaney’s conducting was almost faultless, and this is saying a great deal, when it is remembered that the large forces under his command were, on account of the arrange ments in the choir, so difficult to control with anything like ease. EVENING SERVICE. The Right Rev. Dr. Redwood officiated at Vespers. The Very Rev. Father Vaughan, C.SS.R., preached the following sermon from the text: “ Whosoever shall glorify me, him will I glorify, saith the Lord (I Kings II., 30.”) I am requested to speak to you this even ing on the glories of Mary, the ever Blessed Mother of Our Lord Jesus Christ. And wlmt subject could be more appropriate to this solemn occasion, more congenial to your feelings, or more in harmony with the scene around us? Yet might I not ask—What need of human tongue to proclaim the glory of Mary in a place where each noble column as it springs on high, bearing aloft the richly moulded arch which leads the eye yet higher, pointing heavenwards ; where each richly carved and decorated altar with canopy and throne ; and where, I may say, even every stone seems endowed with speech to proclaim the glories of her in whose name and under whose invocation this grand, though yet un finished pile is dedicated to the majesty of Almighty God ? But if, indeed, it be true that even mute and insensible material stones here speak to us of Mary’s glories, can it be lawful for us to be silent, to whom God has given a mind to know, a heart to feel, a tongue to glorify Him in his admirable works? “ The heavens show forth the glory of (fod and the firinanent declareth the works of His hands,” as the Psalmist says. But in doing so they but the more pressingly invite ns to praise and glorify Him who has made them for His glory, and for our sake and to gain our love. It is most fitting, then, that a loving and grateful voice should be raised within this grand St. Mary’s Cathedral to in vite you to contemplate with joyful thanks giving to God the glories of Mary. And as suredly there are glories of Mary far higher and truer than anything visible and material -—more worthy of the Mother of God, and of the God who made her His Mother. And if tiie very words “ Glories of Mary” bring to the minds of many among you the memory of one of tiie sainted doctors of the Holy Church, whose name is inseparably linked with the title of his work, it may seem not unfitting that a son of St. Alphonsus should speak to you to-night upon a theme his spiri tual father loved so well. What, then, we may ask, are the truest “Glories of Mary ?” Before I reply, let me remind you what is the meaning of this word glory, as we find it applied in Holy Scripture to God and to His favoured servants. There is a glory false and deceitful as the world that bestows it on its votaries, even when they art' wicked and worthy only of reproof and shame. This glory the Divine Word condemns. But when we meet with the word glory applied.to God, or to His servants, though, varied, in deed, are the shades of meaning in which it is used, they seem to resolve themselves into i two. And these are,—(1) the splendour which real excellence confers ; and (2) the I exaltation which is derived from the homage which that excellence jnstly receives. True excellence may be either of great ness or of goodness, anti God is the only source of excellence, as He alone is necessarily and infinitely great. “Great is the Lord, ami exceedingly to be praised, and of Ilis great ness there is no end,” says the Holy Scripture. And Jesus Christ testifies, “One alone is good —God.” And the splendour, of this excel lence is His first and essential glory. But infinite greatness deserves «n infinite homage of esteem, and infinite goodness claims the homage of infinite love, and the infinite glory of this twofold homage the Divine nature has received from all eternity within the bosom of the Adorable Trinity, and this glory is essen tial and unchangeable. But there is created glory, which God receives through the mani festation of Ilis attributes to His intelligent creatures, and it consists in the homage of their two noblest faculties—the homage of their understanding by the adoration of His Infinite Greatness, and the homage of their will by the supreme love of His Infinite Goodness. And this accidental glory, though no ways necessary to the happiness or to the essential glory of God, is yet so dear to Him that it is the end for which He has revealed Himself to His creatures, and for which the Eternal ISon became man, and died on the Cross, and for which the Holy Spirit descended to sanctify the hearts of men. This Glory of Supreme Adoration and Love is that of which He is jealous, and of which He declares “ non flabo alter!," “ I will not give it to another.” ft is incommunicable. But there is a glory which He Himself bestows most liberally upon His creatures, and it is a twofold glory like to His own. “ Whosoever shall glorify me, him will I glorify,” says the Lord. For, when, out of the bountifulness of His love, God tbe Creator poured out upon His crea tures in admirable variety, in unequal degrees of excellence, every good gift and perfection (reflections, we may say, of His own divine attributes) He thereby Himself glorified them by the splendour of his gifts ; and this was their first glory. But further lie willed also for His own greater glory and the satisfac tion of His Son, that these excellent gifts should be acknowledged in His favoured crea ture's, and that they should receive another glory, of which He is also the author, in the tribute of veneration and love bestowed on them by the rest of intelligent beings. What then are the truest and highest glories of a creature? Are they not, first, the excellence of the gifts by which God glorifies him, and, second, the homage of veneration and love, by which those gifts are recognised ? If then we would contemplate to-night the “Glories of Mary,” we must consider bv the light of Faith. I. How God has exalted her by the sublimest gifts, and, II. How this her surpassing excel lence has received the veneration and love of all generations. And then, gladly nnd eagerly shall we also join our hearts and voices in that mighty acclaim by which the whole Church of God in Ilenven and earth salutes her as glorious Queen of all creation, and beloved mother of the Redeemer and the redeemed. And tirst, let us call to mind how God has glorified and exalted the ever Rlossed Virgin. God, because he is so loving and bountiful, rejoices in bestowing His gifts in <;reat pro fusion and excellence ; but He has shown that there are two qualities which He requires of those whom he exalts above others. These are Humility and Fidelity. “ He that hum bletli himself shall be exalted,” and ‘‘Whoso ever shall glorify me, him will I glorify.” To be humble—and to give to (tod, faithfully, all the glory of His gift—that, is what He re quires of those He wishes to exalt. And it was in virtue of this law of God's dealing with mankind, that even the Incarnate Son of God, Jesus Christ, attained the glory of biding the most exalted in Heaven and earth. “He humbled himself” therefore also God “ex alted Him, and gave Him a name above'all the names.” And He likewise referred all glory to His Heavenly Father, as He said “ I seek not my own glory, but the glory of Him that sent mo,” and “ 1 glorify not myself,” and thus He merited to be glorified by His Heavenly Father, ami become tho King of Glory, King of Kings, and Lord of Lords. And Mary also, in her sublime canticle of humility and grati tude, exclaims “ My soul doth magnify the Lord, &e.;,” for “ He that is Might)- hath done to me great things, and Holy is His Name. For he hath regarded the humility (the base ness) of His handmaid,” therefore "All gene rations shall call me blessed.” Yes, blessed among all women, and above: all mere crea tures, exalted and glorified by God Himself, Queen over all. Yes, that, title expresses all that, can be said of the sublime greatness by which God has glorified tin- Virgin Mother of His Son. And it, is God who first has given her both the title, and the greatness which merits it : the Church on earth in saluting her as Queen does but recognise with veneration what God has done. No one can deny that far greater than the type is the personage whom the type prefigures. Far more truly, therefore, a. Queen, and worthy of tlx' title, is Mary, than that Royal Esther, Queen of As suorus, who by lmr beauty and grace, pleaded and obtained the deliverance of her whole nation from death. Far greater than the Mother of King Solomon, the wisest of men, Mary is the Queenly Mother of the Incarnate Wisdom, .Jesus Christ. And the Holy Spirit again gives to her the title of queen, when the Psalmist describes her “standing at the right hand of the Eternal King in Ill’s glory, clothed in a robe of gold, surrounded by varied ornament.” And Mary, it was, whom the Evangelist and prophet, St. John, saw in his marvellous vision of Ileaven—not adorned with any robe of base earthly texture, but “ clothed with the sun,” and crowned, not with jewels of this earth, but with a diadem of twelve stars —as queen of Heaven ! Put to see at once both the sublime greatness of Mary, and the reality of her claims to this title, let me ask : What is a queen V A queen is one who in greatness has no equal. The king who reigns over the nation is alone above her. All others are her subjects ; equals she has none. Thus is Mary queen. The King alone—the Divine Majesty, wdio reigns su preme in heaven and earth over all, is above her infinitely ; so that there is no comparison or approach to equality. Put all other beings —whether angels or men, are immeasurably beneath her, in all that constitutes her truly royal greatness. Four kinds of pre-eminence are to be found in this greatness—1st, Pre eminence in dignity ; 2nd, sanctity ; brd, power ; and 4th, in privileges. Dignity is the first element of greatness. God is the supreme source of it ; the Divine Majesty is infinite dignity. Creatures acquire dignity by every degree of approach to God, or rela tion with God’s Majesty. Even on earth, to bo ;i royal messenger, or servant, much more an attendant, a familiar friend—is regarded as an honour winch confers dignity. The Holy Spirit teaches us that the heavenly spirits are honoured hy being made God’s messengers or angels—that to be God’s ser vant is to be in a royal dignity. Moses, styled the friend of God, is called the god of King Pharaoh. Put a son, a child of the King—is raised yet higher in dignity ; is a prince of royal title. And we, as Christians, are called in 11 is name a royal nation. Put Mary is not only all this, but moreover, Mother of God. All other titles are essentially ex pression!1) of inferiority. The title of mother expresses a dignity which confers pre-emi nence and authority. And Mary is Mother of God, not mother of the Divinity, or Divine Nature, but true Mother of Him who is true God—blessed for ever more—Jesus Christ our Lord. He, at that very moment of 11 is birth, when first He looked into Mary's face, and stretched out to her 11 is hands with all the confiding love of infancy—-was the King of Kings and Lord of Cords—worshipped with awe by adoring angels, who venerated in His Mother their Queen. The dignity of Mother of God is then not only the greatest that exists, but the greatest that, could be ; since, in virtue of that maternal dignity, a Divine person showed reverence, honour, and obedience to her ; and having voluntarily be come her Son, was obliged to obey and honour her! Is not. this the first of Mary’s glories? Has not God glorified her and made her Queen—unequalled in dignity ; yes, and in sanctity also. Sanctity is an element in true greatness, and Mary is Queen in sanctity above all saints. The sanctity of God is an attribute of such transcendent, splendour that it. seems to call forth, above all others, that adoring awe and loving praise from the highest, of his intelligent creatures, in which one brightest, ray of his accidental glory is found. It is the enraptured canticle, “ Holy, Holy, Holy,” that was heard by the prophet, resounding incessantly in Heaven before God’s throne ! And such is the awful sanctity of God, that like a llaino of lire, it sellers nothing unholy to approach the Divine Majesty, as it, is written, “Nothing deliled can enter Heaven.” “Holiness became his dwelling place.” “ Pc ye holy, because I, your God, am holy.” His Holy Spirit, cannot dwell in a sin-stained soul. What, is this ador able attribute ? The sanctity of God is His infinite and essential purity, and the beauty of the order ami harmony ol all 1 lis attributes. And the sanctity of a creature consists in purity or freedom from stain or sin, and in the sanctifying communication of (rod’s love and grace. The more pure and the more filled with grace a creature is, and the holier and the more like to God, the. more capable of union with God that creature becomes. St. Pernardine (and all the theologians) teaches that whenever God chooses to raise a rational creature to any dignity or office He bestows on it all the gifts unci graces which befit that dignity or office. But God had chosen the humble Virgin Mary to a dignity of office which was both the most exalted above those of all other creatures, and the most closely related to Himself. Therefore he owed it to the Mother of such a Son, and lie owed it to IIis own inviolable sanctity, to bestow on Mary a pre-eminence both of purity and grace, that is, a sanctity as far surpassing that of all other creatures—angels or men—as her dignity excelled theirs. Hence the Angelic Doctor, St. Thomas, says : “ That Mary being chosen to be the Mother of God, it is not to be doubted but that God fitted her for that sub limest dignity by His grace,” so that, lie adds, “ there was in her a preparatory perfection which fitted her to be Mother of Christ, and this was the perfection of sanctification.’'' Justly, therefore, does holy faith teach us that God for his own glory and for the honour of His Divine Son preserved the Blessed Virgin from the stain of original sin and from every actual sin. This was the purity of her sanctity and the first and most neces sary quality to befit her for her office. But it sulliced not that she should be stainless oven from the first instant of her creation The predestined Mother of God of holiness repaired the perfection of sanctification, that is, the infusion of a plenitude of sanctifying grace corresponding to her dignity and office, and, therefore, without an equal in creation, surpassed only by the grace infused into the human soul of Jesus Christ. So great then was the sanctity of Mary already, before she had yet become the Mother of God, that the Archangel Gabriel saluted her—■“ Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee,” and this fulness was to preparo her for her office. But if all sanctifying grace comes from the outpouring of the Holy Spirit into the soul, what must have been the increase of grace and fulness to overflowing in the soul of Mary, when, after her consent to the great mystery had been given, “ the Holy Ghost came down upon her, and the power of the Most High overshadowed her,” ami that which was accomplished within her was, that she became the Mother of God’s Internal Son. Words cannot tell, nay, thought cannot con ceive, tho sublime height of her sanctity. In holiness slie has no equal. Stic is Queen. But if dignity and sanctity belong to true greatness, power is also essential to it. All power is from Hod, as he alone is Most High, He alone all holy, so he alone Almighty. Weakness is the attribute of the creature. But (iod loves to communicate His power to His creatures, and He does so in a degree which corresponds with the dignity* ami holiness to which He raises them. The Holy Scripture is full of illustrations of this rule of 1 >ivine Providence. In Moses were allied the dignity of leader of Hod’s people and the holiness which made him the familiar friend of Hod. (Iod could place all his power in the hands of Moses without fear that he would rob the Almighty of His glory, and so, as tint Scripture says, “ He made him the Hod of King Pharaoh.” Ho worked in numerable miracles in the order of nature, and Hod Himself—who says “ I will do the will of them that tear Me”—Hod allowed Himself to be overcome by His humble and faithful servant. To II is Apostles, because of their ollice, Jesus Christ promised they should wield a power over sickness and death and over devils, and work miracles greater than ever He had wrought. May, to the prayer of the humble, of the man of faith un limited, Almighty power is promised. Find me in Heaven or on earth, a dignity or sanctity of creature approaching that of Mary, and I will confess the power of that creature to be comparable to hers. But no— Hod has made her Queen in dignity and sanctity, therefore also in Power. If the prayer of a faithful servant of Jesus Christ is of such power with Him that ho cannot re fuse it, though it is but the petition of one who has no right to be heard—tho prayer of Mary is the request of a mother, whose ofliee claims a hearing from her son, and whose supplication partakes of the nature of a com mand so that, she is called by the Son, all powerful, not by nature, but by Hod’s favour. Hers is omnipotence of supplication. There is yet another mark of Queenly greatness by which Hod has glorified the Mother of His Son. A Queen is a privileged being. To Mary, Hod granted royal unequalled privileges. She alone by special privilege is, 1\. Immaculate in her Conception. 2. Filled with sanctifying grace in the first moment of tier being, and endowed with the perfect use cf reason. 3. Preserved from ever)7 actual sin, and exempt from concupiscence. 4. daughter of God the Father. 5. Mother of God the Son. (>. Spouse of the Holy Ghost. 7\. Mother, yet Immaculate Virgin. S. The Second Eve and mother of all the Redeemed. Free instrument, necessary in the designs of God, fur the Incarnation and Redemption. iO. Universal Mediatress and Channel of all Sue graces purchased by her Son. 11. Cxempt from sentence of death and eorrup , on. 12. Assumed body and soul into ■'Heaven ; and thus, adorned with these royal orivileges, as jewels not of earth, but as a diadem of twelve stars, she is crowned by her Divine Son, and enthroned in the King dom of His Glory ! Such then is the first and cliiefest of the Glories of Mary, the greatness by which God has exalted her above all other creatures. But, as in the Divine Saturn there is not only the Supreme Ex ■ :ellence of infinite greatness, but also that of infinite goodness, so it pleases God to com municate to his chosen creatures the resem blance of Ilis goodness as well as of His greatness, and that, as He is glorified by ’being worthy alike of infinite worship and 'Infinite love, so they might receive the glory of being loved as well as venerated. The Divine Nature is worthy of supreme love, be cause it is infinitely good in itself, and yet that which most easily moves us to love God is Ilis love for us, for we can under stand it better. And desiring the glory of being loved by us yet more than that of being adored and feared, God made Himself our Father, and gave us the (Spirit of Love—to love as children. And when He desired to glorify Mary by bestowing on her the excel lence of goodness, that she might be loved as well as honoured, lie made her, in title and in ■ deed, not only Queen but Mother. A Mother is the type of goodness, as a Queen of great ness. He made her Mother of Ilis Son. Jesus Christ, that she might be the most ex cellent in goodness—by reason of the graces and virtues which should adorn such a Mother. But that she might have the glory of being loved more, than all other creatures, lie made her the Mother of all Mankind, both just and sinners. It is indeed an incomparably greater glory to he Mother of God than to be Mother of us wretched mortals ; and we cannot but acknowledge that the- perfection of goodness so loved by God, loved with such inconceiv able tenderness by Jesus Christ, is most worthy for its own sake or all the love we can give, and yet how distant, far above us and beyond tin: reach of our hearts, seems tin: Mother of (iod. How near to us, and close to our tenderest affections, she, whom we can call our Mother. But does this title express a reality, or only a pious sentiment? Fear not, it is not man who has chosen, nor in the power of man to choose the Queen of Heaven for his Mother. It is (iod alone— who, out of his love for Mary, and to glorify her—and out of love for us, and to give us the jov and honour of such a mother—decreed that the Mother of the Redeemer should he .also Mother of the Redeemed, that the Mother of his only begotten Incarnate Son should he the Mother of all his adopted children, that the Mother of the Divine head of his family on earth should he the Mother of all its members. It was He who willed the prayers of the Mother of His Divine Son should he made yet most unquestionably ellicacious by being offered for those whom she should have a right to protect, and a duty to save—-her poor sinf ul children. And that 11 is will might be fully accomplished, he brought her, together with the beloved dis ciple, representatives to the foot of the Cross, to hear from the, dying lips of Jesus—the second annunciation-—of: a second maternity, “ Behold Thv Son—Behold Thy Mother.” And as at that, first and happier annunciation in Nazareth, Mary, the humblest and most obedient Virgin, bowed her head to the Divine Will, and said, “ Behold the handmaid of the Lord, be it done unto me according to Thy word,” and the mystery was accom plished and Mary became Mother of God, so did she again give humble consent, and the Mother of God became the Mother of men. A true mother, a worthy mother, a loving, tender, merciful, and compassionate mother, one who can arxl must be loved by all who know this gift of God—the greatest after the gift of all gifts—Himself. Behold the highest, truest, of the glories of Mary, they are, the gifts and titles by which God has himself glorified her ; making her Queen of all Creation, by the greatness to which lie raised her, and Mother of God and man, the most incomparable in goodness. Now do not all the homage and love of all mankind, though justly due, sink into insignificance before the honour which God has poured out upon her ? Though all angels and men were prostrate, day and night before her, whom God has made the Queen, and who is honoured in her—it were nothing in com parison with the least of the countless acts of [ reverence which Jesus the Incarnate God paid to her, his true Mother. Though every created heart should ever heat with filial love for the Heavenly Mother whom God gave to us, that homage would be infinitel}7 less glorious to her than one of those looks of affection, one of those loving caresses which the Divine infant Jesus lavished on her, as his dearest mother. Such then is the glory of which she is worthy, whom the King of Heaven hath a mind to honour. And would He not be dishonoured and incensed if we, His wretched creatures, should proudly disdain to bow our heads or bend our knees to her whom his only begotten Son has reverenced and obeyed? Or would He not he angry and justly indignant, if we sinful beings, who so readily give our hearts to sinful creatures, should withhold the tribute of our most ardent love from her, whom Ilis Incarnate Son loved with a love which the mind is powerless to conceive? Why then I should 1 ask you to look hack through past ages of the history of the Church to contem plate the evidences of veneration and love, by which all generations have proclaimed her blessed ? Count if you can the titles of honour by which the Christian invokes her, the festivals by which he recals with loving homage, her graces, her virtues, her dignity, and her privileges. Number, if you can, the train of Christian maidens of every nation, rank and age, who, moved by her example and leaning on her maternal protection, have consecrated their virginity to God and become spouses of her Divine Son, and have sealed with their blood in martyrdom their fidelity to Dim. How many religious orders bear her name as their greatest honour, and count her protection then* surest ueienee . Cast a look on the Christian world Who can number the altars and shrines of holy pilgrimage, the chapels and churches, Min sters, Cathedrals, and Basilicas which even now cover every land ; while ironi their ruins i the venerable structures of bygone days speak still of the love of past ages for the name of Mary. What, then, can be wanting to the glories of Mary? What to the tribute of veneration and love due to the Queen and Mother of all ? Her glories were full when God Himself had glorified her. Angels and men are themselves honoured in worshipping and loving her. Happy, then, are we to take paitin this solemnity, and glorious is it for us and for Australia, our native or adopted country, that this majestic pile, rising triumphant from the ashes of the past, vast and beautiful, yet vaster and more beautiful to grow in the future, is dedicated to Almighty God under the loved and vener ated name of Mary ; ami that the Mother Church of this great colony is the Church of (Bid’s Mother .and ours. While heaven and earth speak to us of the glories of Mary ; ! while the very stones of this sanctuary pro I claim her name ; while this vast concourse of prelates, priests, and people, strive.' to attest their love and veneration for their Queen and I Mother, oh ! let every joyful heart with voice, and hand, and tearful eye, be raised to God—• the only Great., the oniy Good—to whom alone all Supreme honour and love, all glory is alone due ! Bet us praise, adore, and thank Him for His Great Glory, and that He has given to us not only His Divine Son to be Our Bedeemer, to dwell with on this altar, but that to show the tenderness of His love lie has given us Mary to be honoured and loved by us, and that He has given us the consoling assurance that we never can honour and please Him more, than when we worship and love her whom lie has so honoured and loved, and cry out with .Mother Church— Blessed be the great Mother of God, Mary Most Holy. Blessed be her Holy and Immaculate Concep tion. Blessed be the name of Mary, Virgin and Mother. The Very Hev. Hedemptorist must have made a deep impression on his hearers. The I sweet unction of his devotion to the Ever Blessed Virgin seemed to suffuse his periods, | while his collected manner and graceful gesture, combined with purity of language, constitute him—in the best sense of the phrase—a “ favourite preacher,” The Vespers sung were the Gregorian, and the Litany was the Roman. Rossi's “ Tantum Ergo ” was very nicely given by Messrs. J. Hinehy and J. II. Flynn. At the conclusion of the Benediction service Mr. Banks played with vigorous eifect the grand march from Costa’s “ Eli.” 