CHA.PTER XXVII. CONTINUED. ^ ciT will not be opened," was the m # old man's answer, "Few m % • quiries are made after the noor as to their whereabouts, and you are forgotten before the spider can epin his web over your epitaph. For the rest, there is no fear of after recog nition. You see what nature has al ready done, and deaths hand will do lh<<Jnst so! A month, or two, or three, :>nd Hose Ayhfe is to all mi intents and purposes Gertrude W ent wt" I doubt if the «8umct.on angel would know the £ there he a resurrection angel, though ^liYoff^n^rew back from him %V^you are a bad man, Matthew !—a VeEoSood"aughed- not loudly, but with a laugh that sounded out of place as its echo came back to them from the labyrinth of vaults around. " Well, Daddy, perhaps I am, looked at through your puritanical spectacles; ■but the line is so thm m rcahly that ■ divides bad from good that I do t care if 1 sometimes pass it. Com , ' come! We are playing a bold pame I each with a different motive, ^ours I grant you is the most unselfish one. That's your affair !-miue means an extension of my banking account, and a considerable extension too, I can tell you 1 In such matters as these, where the risks are equal, there e nothing like frankness on all sides. It clears away thecobwebs, don t you see . Before ijatknoll could reply, if ie" pW he intended, to this very outspoken declaration on the part of his son-in iiiw both were summoned by a ges ture to the side of the doctor, whose large face wore nn^aiv QftvHiraph, while he rubbed his hands bnaklj to-, gether according to his habit when gf" E^rek?!'^iie said, .addressing his fellow -eons jmatbrs in a low butas sured voice; "we have succeeded. One is apt to be a little nervous M first, you know, in such delicate ex peri men Is as these.and I Sow confess that 1 » a-; just a little nfraidmjje^ The nuali*y and properties of the drug I was assured "f, but the present case, a most interesting one to me as a pro fessional man, was environed in diui culties. and in point of fast was a mat ter for experiment—the experiment has proved a success. My friend (to Dark noil) have you that case bottle a^The*bottle was produced, and the doctor, greatly refreshed, went on. It now remains for us to get her out ot this place as quickly as possible, l shall accompany her and my "'W™? relatives to Windest'raw. As for the ••e-arrangement of matters down here, our highly respectable friend (a bow -to Darknoll),'S with your athletic protest;" (a nod in the direction ot Powder Blue)," have taken that upon themselves^ and I'll trouble you for that bottle again. Everything is pros perous—thoroughly prosperous i " Make haste \" urged Rockwood, as the doctor, assisted by Mrs. Rockvrood, adiuBted the heavy folds of the cloak about Gertrude Wentworth s no longer inanimate form. "Should her eyes this place ?" :i " Have no fear," replied the doctor, jo his gayest of tones, and sp^ak'ng oVer his shoulder. ' " The body is re stored to life, as I promised ; but the mind—ah I" — with an expressive glance around—" that is quite another affair." A silence followed life speech, bro ken only by the guarded movements * of the men as tliey moved to aud fro, gliding now in now out of the circle of light, spirits of evil, rendering still more ghastly the ghastly precints of the vaults. A storm of wind and rain, with the lightning flashing at intervals, and Mis. Bleek where we left her, thoroughly dazed, and cowering for shelter under the wide-spreading arms of the huge funeral-looking tree. A noise of wheels heard approach ing in each lull of the storm causes her to turn her head and wonder vaguely* as people wonder under the influence of a dream. Nearer and nearer the wheels- ap proach, till the noise ceases at the very gates of the churchyard. A carriage at. such ail hour and in such a place ! Yet a carriage it was, and Mrs. Bleek dreamily wondered. » Then a light rose up, as if out of the ieartb, and flickering over the graves, played against the old church wall. Could she believe her teyes, dibi as fchby were from age, blinded as they were by the driving rain. Across the light moved several sha (doWfej eafch rising ias it Were froin the earth, from, as it seemed to her, be neath the old church itself. A small side-door, studded with nails and clamped with iron—a door but rarely used, as the old lady knew full well—appeared to be open, and figure after figure emerged, each cast-, ing its shadow on the wall. What were these phantoms, rising as it were from the tomb ? Should she scream ? - To what purpose, in that louely place ? Should she run towards the place where she heard the carriage-wheels ? Poor old soul! scarcely able even to support herself on her feet, she had only strength to draw herself up for support against the dark trunk of tbe tree, and mistily dream on. One, two, three, four, five figures, arid one a woman's—she counted them on her thin fingers, trembling with fear the while, her whole mind filled with a feelingof intense dread. Were they robbers of the dead, or were they tbe dead themselves who came flickering about among the graves at such an hour and on such a night ? The lights danced up and down, hither and thither, throwing long weird shadows among the tombs and hillocks which were everywhere a round. " Corpse-lights ! " she murmured, shutting her eyes for a moment, then opening them with a shudder. It was a struggle between curiosity aud fear, and curiosity conquered. " One, two, three, four, five," again she. counted then, with a start/" six!" Yes, another figure was there, wrap ped in a thick horseman's cloak—a figure that was carried in the arms of two of the others, and evidently that of a woman. As moved by some instinctive feel ing of curiosity over-mastering her. terror, Mrs. Bleek crept a little for-' ward. She had a great experience in the. supernatural world—had made it her studj', in fact—but she had never heard of ghosts who walked about car rying«feach other.- r 4 ; A flash of lightning, and a cry from M i's.- Ble^k—a 1 ow cry; alinost»inaud i - bie, but a cry of horror and astonish ment. A ghost, indeed!—for as the fierce: wind tore at the folds of the mantle, tossing them for a moment aside—she saw, or dreamt she saw the face of Gertrude Wentworth. She remembered no more, but that she was tying upon the wet grass, and that the hunchback ot (he lodge, the white-haired afid si!very-voiced terror of her life, was bending over her. " What," he said, " my good Mrs Bleek, you have had a bad fall, I see. It is ill walking among graves at oar time of life, especially at so late an hour of the night. Come, I will see you home. Don't be afraid ; you're a little overcome, I see. Ah, yes! we support our grief as we create our gaiety ! Forgetfulness is always what we seek. There! on your feet again, with a bruise or two, but otherwise sound and firm. 41ave no fear," and his silvery voice became more musical in its tone; " it is my duty to take care of yoju 3" •miVE years 1 Five years-may sometimes do .A©- as inuch' as fifty in \c riia vellous changes they work. Changes very startling to see, being even in private life, nearly as grent^as those which topple off the crowns of eijjperors, and with a pen of steel di vide and re- divide thejEuropean map. The shuttle of time weavfss swiftly, with a mingled woof, threaded with brightness and laughter, with sorrow and tears. ^ Very swift indeed liavje: ljeen the many uiiracles which time lias worked with the Bevelal personages of our story ; yet the old greybeard, whose cradle is unknown and whose resting place will be eternity, hasscarcely ever laboured 60 hard as lie, has done this instance. '' 0 ! the changes and changes of hu man life! Full of some new ambition, money getting, or what not, we s»y adieu to the old familiar faces nnd start off on •feome distant expedition, to encounter I fresh experiences of the hardships ard ! uncertainties of life, yet nil the while : we expect to find everything un-' changed when we return -. the child with the same tottering feet and softly clasping hands ; the maiden with the lightsome steps and modest, dowhenst glance; the man—whether friend or enemy—the same as ever, unaltered by years. Wo expect all this—and we are always disappointed! The child has blossomed into the maiden; the maiden has become a wife; the man, weary with the world, and its ceaseless cares, absorbed iii the cruel battle of life, forgetting the ab sent, as by the absent he is bontent to \ b'6 forgotten. The curtain has fallen over theJhst porfciou of the drama \vc have unfolded before the reader; but it .rises again, with a five years interval, upon the same characters, changed in position —greatly changed, most of theui—but in heart ? Well, the human heart, be it bad or good, remains much the same, nnd five hundred centuries will not change that. We will call the muster-roll, or rather after our own wayward fashion recall both friends aud enemies into being as circumstances require. 1o begin with, let us make a rapid change of scene. In place of the storm-riven night and, dreary churchyard, we find ourselves upon a well-kept lawn, appertaining to a charming villa residence in the neighborhood of Richmond. Laid out with all that perfection of gardening taste never to be found out of England, the lawn slopes down to the river, which, beneath drooping willows and amidst whispering rushes, glides by in rippling, shining beauty. Beds of Sowers, archways of grace ful iron work covered with drooping plants find leading to shrubberies art fully contrived to deceive the eye and give a greater magnitude te the grounds | than they really possess. Seats are placed everywhere about, so as to command from a dozen different points 1 chiVrming views of the river, with its « crowds of pretty sailing-boats and ' gliding wherries. I The name of this very desirable property—to use an auctioneer's phras- i eology—is Holly Bank, and its pro-11 prietov—that comfortable-looking bald ' headed old gentleman'seated in one of ' the garden-chairs near the water's < edge—is Mr. Frampton, harrister-at- 1 'aw, late of King's Bench walk, Tem- • pie. , ; The young lady with the rogtysh eyes, black-as sloes, and cheeks red as r ises, is his daughter, Miss Kate Frampton, a buxom, jolly1 girl of 18' accomplished, clever, aiid "sweet as ■' English air could make her." ' , She is engaged in tejising a dim in - < utive Scot'ch tehler, whicfi she holds'' in her arms; while her father, close to ' whose cliai'r she is standing, is rending ] —or endeavouring to read—a bulky ' volume in dingy parchment covers. i; My dear, will you leave off teasing ' •hat dog ! " said Mr, Frampton, some what petulantly. "How is it possible " for nie to read a line with all that 1 talking, snapping, and growling, | Don t read a line then. I am sure * it would do 3'ou much more good to 1 come and play with Tiny and me!'' ' " Ptay with a saucy hussy and a ' a lap-dog—at my time of lile too! i And the lawyer, with u vain en deavour at a frown, was about to re sume his rending, when the pretty'.1 head was thrust over his shoulder, i while Tiny'e hirsute "muzzle appeared 1 over the other. 1 Now, don't be cross, or I'll make ' Tiny bite you ; Besides, why do you J read such nasty books ? " " Nasty ?" 1 I mean books in such greasy covers. 1 I adore fancy bindings, as I like lo see < well-dressed men." < " And with both, the binding is of- 1 toil iht? best part about thorn. I^ow, ' do be quiet, Kate, or vou'J) drive me' indoors u Hi your foliy." She had taken the book "out of his " hands, aud was reading the title- * page. Property—ivith some Remarks up- ' on Wills, Executors, and Trustees. O! 1 what a horrid book \ \V ho on earth ■ could spend their time in writing such ' trash? It's an awful book! Here, Tiny, conic and bite it!" Mr. Framptoh ■ looked grave for a 1 moment, theii his features relaxed into a smile, which soon became a laugh, as Kate wwltzed about his chair, holding herpook behind her back, the little lernev, as mad with good spirits ks * herself, leaping and barking around her. " Y°u're. a spoilt jade," he said; and I ni afraid it s too late for me to attempt jour leformation. I must leave that to your husband ; which rewinds me, bJ, fc.be Wi'.Y, that Everard and a friend of his, a Mr. Jefferson Fane, dine with us this evening.", • "Mr. Jefferson Fane! I hope he's a nice man—1 mean, one who can talk about something else but law, law, law —and musty, fusty, old deeds and dodges, ns you and Everari are never tired of doing. Is he an American ?" "An .American, a surgeon, and a man of science; like most of his coun trymen, he is a citizen of (he world, and has seen milch of man}' countries. He was in India for some j'enrs (lieu served under the ill-fated Emperor Maximilian during the Mexican war; so he'll have plenty to tell you—that is, if you can listen to anybody but yourself; but, Katy dear," and here Mr. Brampton's tone became a little more serious, " J most not hear you speak slightingly of Mr. Everard Cor belt; best to youtself, he is dfcaftn- to me than any other upon earth—a nobler and more promising joung fel low does not exist; besides, he is your affianced husband, and I hnve set my heart, as I hope you have yours, upon the match." Kate Frampton shrugged her pretty shoulders, and pouted her cbeiry Hps. " I wishjie wasn't so very grave so always serious. I mean, whenever he is gay, ifc is only for a minute or i-two, and, as it were, in spite of him self." " Everard, as you know, my dear, sustained a great Joss some five vears ago." "O! yes, yes; I know all about that, but of course I can't, as No. 2, pretend to be deeply interested. If a' man's laeait is in tho. coffin of a dear departed, it should be allowed to rest there. It's a most irritating thing to know you're only being made love to Second-hand." "For shame! I fear that the heart of so good and true a man as Everard Oorbett is only thrown away upon a "trifling coquette like you." Kate Frampton saw that her father Was really angry, and in a moment her soft arms were about his neck, her lips upon his cheels, and herself perched lovingly upon his knee. And there wo shall-leave them, sitting happy in each other's love, Tiny growling jeal ously at intervals, and the dingy law book lying unregarded in the grass at the old lawyer's feet. From Richmond to the Temple is not far; but what a change from the flowery lawn and shining river, as we mount the stairs—that is, the leader and ourselves—mount thein, invisible of course, and pause before a huge, darkly- painted, oaken door, on which appears, in Jellers some four inches long, the name of Mr. Everard Oor bett. Mr. liverard Corbett, who already has made a name at the bar, a name which bids fair, in time to come, to be a great one by the power of his own talents, and under the loving guidance of his old friend and future father-in law.Lyttleton Frampton, whtfsefdftn®? 5 rooms he now rents, and where, at.the j present moment, he is entertaining : with sherry and biscuits the American gentleman alluded to in the commence- i nieht of this chapter. They are smoking, of course; the < American gentleman bronzed with tra- ' vel, keen-eyed, and "bearded like a < pard," is gracefuliy leaning back in his I chair, which is tilted against the wall, < while his legs, or rather his bo<>t-hcels, .1 repose upon a table crowded with doc- < uments of every kind, and littered 1 wftb books. ] Put is this Everard Corbett ? i This is the handsome lad who five s years ago, we saw waiting for thejfcrain 1 in that pleasant English landscape, . with a face that was all alight with : hope, and honest, kindly, noble eyes, ; brimful of the heart's devotion and love. The square forehead, the Square . head are there, as are also the well- ! formed nose and chin ; but the once thick curls are gone at the temples, while the eyes are sunken, and there |' are the " busy wrinkles " about the j 1 mouth. I Can five years have done all this ?! Five years of study, night and day. Some 'men lake to fstu<ly us other men ; take to drink, to wipe out in some du- j i gree the past, and drown the remem-1, bianceofa great sorrow," Strong of frame, however, though'a little s'oop-; ing the shoulders, Everard Corbett— i for Everard ;Corbeit it is—reclines back in his reading-chair, with a cigar: between his Jips, and a sad, sad smile about his mouth. ' " WJell, there, you have it all now," he said, continuing the conversation j he was holding with his friend. " You know with what hopes I left India,! "where 1 had arrived only just in time ; to see my dear father breathe his last. Those hopes were all blighted—all— for surely no man ever loved as. I did, with so cntite aiid. perfect n love. But what is the good of my talking on such theme to you, 'Jefferson ? A sel fish, old cynic like yourself can't be expected to understand such thing-*." " That's just -where you are clean out, my boy ! " responded Jefferson, delivering himself at the same time of a thin column of pearly smoke. " It is having undcrssood such things deeply thnb makes & man what they call a cynic. Poor children !" he ad-1 ded, in a kindly tone, "for you were both children then; it was very sad to have parted with life so tarly. And so that bo- jewelled gentleman we met in the park was her brother ?" 