Susan's Sheaves. BT MRS. C. H. LIVINGSTON. CHAPTER VII. THE JOT OF HABVEST. " Now, if I could take home something for supper, wouldn't that be grand?" said Ben to himself. With that end in view he inquired here and there for something to do. But there was no work to be found. He could not go home empty-handed, and yet he had not a cent and nobody would trust him. Just theu a boy passed with a string of fish. Ben fastened his eyes on them, and the boy halted. "Where did you get them ?" said Ben, by way of opening a conversation. "Chopped a hole in the ice and caught 'em, said the boy. " Nice fellows, ain't they ? I'll sell 'em cheap, I'm most tired to death. Want 'em ?" Ben wanted them. It was exactly what he wanted What an appearance he could make before Jane with that string of fish. He had in his pocket just one possession of his more prosperous days. It was strange that it had so long escaped the man that had swallowed up everything else. It was not his Bible that his mother gave him, that went long ago. It was a jack-knife—a large, handsome, four-bladed one. It was dear to him, not alone because it was the one relic of his happier days, but when he had no money to get a drink, and no work, and did not know what to do with himself, he whittled That knife was his friend, his companion in trouble He brought it out with a jerk, and opening its shining blades, displayed it to the best advantage. " That knife," said he, " cost a dollar and a quarter, Give me the fish, and twenty-five cents to boot, and you shall have it. It'6 a prime knife, you see." The boy took it, examined it carefully, then said, " Say twenty cents and I'll do it." " Agreed, said Ben. So the fish and the knife changed places, the boy feeling that he had gained a prize, and Ben conscious of making a great sacrifice. But whatever else could lie do? Supper must come from somewhere on this night of all others. He went in and bought a loaf of bread and a few cents' worth of coffee. Somehow it seemed to him it would be easier to make Jane believe that the old times really were coming back if the fragrance of coffee should fill the house again. He was going on his way in high spirits when he suddenly bethought himself that probably Jane had no coal. After meditating a little a bright idea struck lum, and he turned his steps in the direction of a certain coal yard. It happened as it had sometimes before that he found a job there : there were Boveral orderB yet to be filled, and night was fast approaching. He was soon set to work; no shovel moved faster than his. At the end of an hour or so ho was dismissed with what looked, to him, like a small fortune—a shining half dollar, and tlie promise of some coal besides. With his increased capital be felt rich enough to add a few potatoes to his stock, and then went on with all despatch. It waa almost dark when he reached home. He had been most impatient to get there, and now he stood trembling with excitement, dreading to go in. He deposited his treasures softly in the back shed, and opened the door. The children were cuddled up on the bed, wrapped in an old quilt, and Jane was hovering over the ghost of a fire, putting the last stitches into some garment. Something in her husband's step made her raise her eyes suddenly. She gave liim a quick, searching look. He was 6ober! " Jane," be 6aid. "Oh, Ben," said Jane, dropping her work and starting up. Some wonderful change had comeover him. There was no mistaking the look on his face, nor the tone in which he uttered her name; there was a penitence and tenderness, and a touch of manliness. He put his arm about her, drew her close, and whispered in her ear, " It was all your praying that did it. I'm the Lord's now. Won't you forgive me, Jane? He has." And Jane buried licr face in the old place in liis bosom, and sobbed out licr joy. "I won't tell you all about it now," he said, putting her gently down,' " I'll fix up this fire." " Oh, there isn't any coal," said Jane; but never mind, we're warm enough now without a fire." " I expect some coal pretty soon," said Ben, with the air of a provider, and his manhood rose within him once more at the thought that he had earned it. " I bought it, and paid for it," he added a little proudly, " and here it comes now." Such a fire as Ben made. That room had not been really warm before, since the winter set in. " Now I'll help you get supper," Ben said. " I'm real sorry," said Jane, " but there isn't a thing for supper but some dry bread. I can get a little money in the morning, when I* take home my work ; then we'll get something for dinner." That was a happy moment for Ben. He stepped out, and came back holding up that string of shiny, speckled beauties then he let them peep into the bag of potatoes, and tore the paper from one corner that they might sec the fresh loaves. The children danced for joy, and Jane, somehow, could not speak. But she looked enough to satisfy Ben. He filled the tea-kettle and put it on, and then prepared the fish. Jane drew out the table and hunted up her tablecloth, coarse, and much darned, but smooth and white. And now the potatoes in the oven were taking on a beautiful brown, and the sh were spattering in the pan. Jane found time amid all to slip into the bedroom and kneel in the dark beside her bed and pour out her joyful thanksgivings. When the happy family gathered about the table, „ ane could but call to mind something she had read that very morning, of that other time, when the Lord prepared the simple meal and said, " Come and dine." To her fast-growing faith He was as truly present now as then. There was a moment of silence, then Ben bowed his head. He bad forgotten the stately words of the blessing his old father used, but the simple, " Lord, we thank Thee, wc do thank Thee," was from the depths of his heart. The next summer found Ben in his old business in Pleasant Valley, and Jane the happy mistress of a cozy home. The climax of their happiness was reached when Susan Haines came out to spend a week with them. She sat in the little cool porch at sunset, while .Tane spread the table with biscuits, golden butter, delicate cake, luscious berries, and crowned it with (lowers, for was anything too fair and sweet for this glad day ? Susan's eye took it all in: the inviting looking table, the trim woman tripping in and out; the comfortable home, the pretty lawn, and Ben with firm, manly step coming up the walk, looking so unlike thcman she saw for the first time staggering from the door of a saloon. Perhaps it was the reapers binding their wheat into bundles in the field opposite, that made Susan think that moment, with thankful tears starting to her eyes, of this text: "He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again witli rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him." TIIE END. 