A Ludy Burled Twice and Finally Itroujrlit to Xifc. A woman in Snicartee, Mason county, 111., to all appearance, died. But a few weeks previous to this she gave birth to a child, and was apparently well, with the exception of a nursing sore month, from the effects of which she had grown quite work ; so mucn so tbat her husband thought it necesrary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, thinking she could manage tbe affliction without the aid of a physician. She soon afterwards very sud denly sank away, and to all appearances gave np the ghost. The body was kept till tho next day about 2 p.m., when it was en- closed in a coffln and taken to the grave yard, followed by a great many mournful friends. In laying her out her firms wero' tied together above the elbows with a strip of cloth, so that her h inds would retain ft natural position ;icro« her brea«t. At the grave some of her friends wished to view her remains nnd the coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they could not see through the moisture 011 it. mid it was then scon that one of her hands had been torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were as limber as one alive. The circumstance boro upon the minds of several present, but still they could not entertain any notion but that she was dead. Her hands were again placed in position across her breast and retied with the same strip of cloth, and SUE WAS BURIED. After returning to their homes several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance of the corpso commenced to talk it over, and they soon raised n doubt in their minds that she was not dead. About 5 o'clock the same evening several went to the grave and took tho body up. On opening the coffin they found fresh moisture on the glass of the coffin lid, and her hands were again broken from the strip of cloth that bound them, and tbey wero both lying by her side, and instead of her limbs being in the least rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince themselves but that she was dead, and she was re- buried. The matter was generally discussed in the neighbourhood, and by the following Sunday the excitement had grown so intense that it was decided to re cxhume her the following day. Tbc next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod for four days and nights, she was again resurrected and tAkcn to her home, where she has been slowly but gradually improv. ing. Her friends entertain the strongest hopes of her recovery, which; if shi dies, Will be a remarkable occurrence, long to be remembered by tbe people of Snicartee. The way in which this affair was managed was, to say the least, very singular. 