THE LATE MR HENRY KETT. The "Dustman," in the "Dispatch" journal, gives us the following tribute to the memory of the late Henry Kett. He says: — "It is some time since I ap proached you, Mr Editor, with my gossip, and since my last harmless contribution to your paper the Grrm King of Terrors has been busy in our midst. Poor Kett has gone to his last resting place, after an ac tive existence of nearly a quarter of a century in Victoria. A keen, shrewd man, never happy unless bustling about and creating excitement, he for many years appeared the nearest approach to the unsolved problem — perpetual motion — I have met in this remote corner of the globe. Poor Harry ' knew a wrinkle or two,' as we vulgarly term knowledge in Victoria, and he had no end of applicants for advice in matters of business. When any poor devil got into a hobble, and asked a friend what was best to be done, you might pretty safely bet a yellow guinea to a brown copper the reply would be, Drop in and get Kett's tip before yon proceed further.' And sure yeu were to find the stirring fellow ready to dive into the intricacies of the mess you were in, and if there was the ghost of a show to wriggle out of your difficulties he was the man to see the direction in which the mo7e should be made. Go at daybreak, you could find him up and doing ; all day long you could get his ear ; and even at midnight when ordinary humanity was snoring heavily, ten to one you could find him busily en gaged advising some of his numerous clients who got his assistance without fee. Up to the very last this rare specimeu of human machinery kept up the tension, the same vivacity of spirits apparent, the intense love for active excitement evident, the eyes dancing in his head when some thing fresh turned up ; the whole man resembled a piece of rare clay which only required forty winks every 24 hours to set the powerful brain into full play again, and reinvigorate the physical powers for almost unlimited wear and tear. A wonderful amount of rough buffeting on the billows of the commer cial, sporting, and other seats of trouble had not submerged him ; he could strike out as energetically as ever, like a strong, determined swimmer, and the likelihood is that poor Harry would have been almost as active a member of society 20 years hence as he was before the sudden call but for the heart disease which proved fatal. But — that little word comes into the sentence, which without such intrusion would read so pleasantly, and reminds us how uncertain is human life. I feel the blow keenly, Mr Editor, for though only a poor dustman, I was always accounted one of the old chums who crossed the briny deep to rough it in the Australian bush when metalled road and railways were few and far between, and the old stock are fast dying out- There is a great clinging to each other with the imported Australian humanity, as might easily be seen when we lost poor Kett, many of the old stock mourning the loss as if they had lost a brother or a' father. The saying '"Keep your eye on your father, and he'll pull you through ' was emirmnt.lv annlieable to mv deceased friend, but eyes which have often been intently fixed on his intelligent face will see him no more." 