The Novelist. COWABEE. AN AUSTRALIAN TALE, BY FOSTER OSBORN, CHAPTER XVIII. It is the third day after the death of old Rory, and the heavy rains referred to in connexion with that event have ceased. After two days of inter- mittent showers, blue streaks broke through the gloomy canopy, and, dispersing in watery pillars, the vapourous masses floated away beyond the horizon. Fleecy cloudlets, like flakes of snow- white feathers, drifting hither and thither, as each varying breeze directed, were the sole aerial relics of the downpour. The drought has broken. The sky has lost its brazen colour ; no longer the vapid gumleaves hiss for moisture ; the uni- versal thirst is quenched, and earth has closed upon the gaping fissures. A delightful sense of freshness pervades the hills and plains around Bundura. The air, in its new-born purity, gives ready access to the springtime odours, and from the hilltops, decked with daisies, to the river's bank, adorned with violets and wattle blossoms, a delicious fragrance hovers. Nothing but the sad experience of a parching drought can teach one to properly appreciate the refreshing influence of rain. Rain, after a long, severe drought, is like a draught from a spring, after hours of thirst. Percy Loyd, in the act of mounting his horse, pauses to await the coming of along, lean youth who is approaching at a rapid pace. This is Jack, the boundary rider, who lives at some dis- tance from the homestead, and who, as a rule, never makes his appearance at headquarters ex- cept on ration days. " Good morning, Jack ; anything wrong out back ?" " Wal, I'm no ways sartin whether there's any- thing wrong or no, sir. It's about old Rory, I come in." " Poor old fellow ; bad again, I suppose ?" " 'Wal, no, sir ; you see it's this ways. Rory is uncommon clever making water-bags, and I goes down last night to see if I could get him to sew one for me. Wal, I reaches the hut about 7 o'clock, and looks in at the door. Nobody here, says I. I calls out, Rory, says I , but there was no answer ; so I waits till about 9 o'clock, and then, says I, there's something crooked about this, says I. Wal, I stays all night ; and in the mornin' I sees he worn't come home, so, says I, he's layin' hurt somewhere maybe. I'll go and tell the boss, says I ; and that's what I came in for." " The chances are," replied Percy, " that he stayed out for a dingo; he does sometimes, you know." " That's just ezackly wot struck me at fust ; but then, he ain't been in the hut for a day or two." " How do you know that, Jack ?" " Wal, I looks at the fireplace, and, says I, there ain' been no fire there this two days ; so, says I, I'll have a look at the ground outside, and sure enough, there worn't no foot-tracks this side of the rain ; so, says I, it's appeerant to me, as Rory ain't been here since the storm." " I'm afraid there is something wrong with the old man," said Percy ; " just hold my horse a few minutes, Jack, and I'll see Mr. Leigh." Percy met Mr. Leigh at the yard gate. " Boundary-rider just in from the Native Dog, sir. He reports old Rory missing." Mr. Leigh questioned Jack on the subject, and after numerous " I says" and " says I," Jack gave him the same information which he had already tendered to Percy. Mr. Leigh turned to Percy. " I think, Loyd, you had better ride over to Rory's hut, and see if you can find any trace of him. If he has not returned when you get there, cut across the Native Dog to the hut at the head of the lake ; he may be there. He told me once that when the blues came on him, he sometimes went to that hut for a day or two, by way of change." Percy slung his rifle over his shoulders (he always carried the weapon since the outbreak of the bushrangers) and, mounting, rode towards old Rooney's dwelling. He had not proceeded far when he was overtaken by Charley, who dashed up to him at a reckless pace on his new thoroughbred. Charley is a good rider, albeit he sits his saddle with a bushman's grace, more sug- gestive of ease and perfect balance than of ele- gance. Why is it that citicism requires of an equestrian, straight legs and turned-out toes, emulation of the statuesque demeanour of the grand old Duke in stone ? " By Jingo, she's a nummer," exclaimed Char- ley, pulling short up beside Percy, and patting the sleek neck of his favourite. " She's a splendid mare, Charley, but if you give her much of this treatment, her legs won't last very long." " It's rather rough on these stones," said Char- ley, glancing back ; " but I'm going out with you to-day, and I thought as I came up, I'd show you how Brisco can go. My word, she has got a stride. We'll let her spurt with Fiend some of these days, just to try her metal, eh ?" Percy signified his assent to these propositions, and they rode on in silence. In about two hours they reached the hut, and found everything as Jack had described. Of course Rory was not to be seen, and there was no sign pf life about the place, not even Mick nor Cæsar. According to instructions, Percy and his com- panion went across the hills to the hut by the lake, and having found no traces of the missing man, they determined to proceed homewards by the bridle path which turned along the shore. As the day advanced the sun grew warmer instilling the motionless air with a drowsy influ- ence, and casting a sensation of sleepiness over the landscape. The bottle-fly and locusts buzzed from their path with inert motion, and the bask- ing marsupials were sluggish in their flight. The oak tops hung in pensive silence ; the drooping willows touched the water with a mute caress, and the broad transparent sheet, glimmering like a sea of glass, a huge unruffled speculum reflected with unerring truth, the pine trees and the wattled headlands. Here and there an idle swan drifted lazily upon the glinting water, whilst in the scanty shades around the margin, groups of dozy wild fowl, with their heads beneath their wings, were lulled to sleep. It was a dreamy, thoughtful day, and, yielding to its influence, Percy became lost in meditation. He was thinking of Ida Leigh, and as he rode along, he strove to divert his thoughts, by con- templating the surrounding scenery. It was a vain endeavour ; combat with his feelings as he would, introduce what new subjects he might, his mind ever wandered back to his fair pupil. Did he gaze on the far-off, hazy mountains ? their bluish, misty summits suggested her dreamy eyes. Was the water like a mirror ? it reflected her sweet face. Was it pure and clear as crystal ? it was the emblem of her innocence. He thought of the sloping rock ; and how glad he was that he had so early discovered the depth of his attachment, that he might nip it in the bud. He recalled that midnight battle, when he had put the curb upon his will, and effectually put an end to the companionship which was fast luring him deeper in a dangerous love. He thought too, of how manfully he had carried out the re- solve of that sleepless night, and he renewed his self-made promise, that, cost what it might, he would follow to the end the course he had marked out for himself. It had cost Percy Loyd more than he admitted to himself, to cast away for ever all hope of Ida's love. He came to Australia with the firm deter- mination that, except so far as common friend- ship was concerned, his heart should be shut against mankind. He had steeled his heart through hours of bitter reflection to this resolve, and he deemed the one great lesson of his life sufficient to quench within him for ever the faculty of love. Fallacious reasoning. Had he been more conversant with the tendencies of human nature, he would have known that sorrow and exile make men yearn for sympathy ; that life in a strange unknown land renders the heart more susceptible when affection offers. He did not guard against affection, because he thought his nature chilled and inflexible ; he trusted in the hardness of his heart, and that was the rock on which his resolution foundered. He had built about his heart an icy wall of coldness and reserve, but sympathy crept in and thawed the barrier. There were times when he felt unequal to the position—times when his resolution almost forsook him. He would go back to England, claim his heritage in spite of the world, then re- turn and declare his love to Ida ; tell her the history of his life, and trust to her faith in his innocence. Then his calmer judgment told him that such a course would be madness ; how could he expect her to acquit him, when all the world beside believed him guilty ? No ; better let things remain as they were ; he would be able to live unsuspected, and she, at all events, would think no evil of him. And then his mind reverted to Hepburn Thorpe. Why did he turn against him ? Ah ! it must have been a heavy bribe which tempted him to take the part of a perjurer. " But no, I will not believe it," he soliloquised : " it was for no mercenary motive that he tried to swear away my life ; there was some stronger in- fluence than that of gold brought to bear upon him." What could it mean ? What power on earth had caused Hepburn Thorpe to waver in the high standard of rectitude to which formerly he had adhered ? It was all a mystery, which he could not solve ; but the one bitter fact remained —his friend, with whom he would have trusted his life, had deserted him. " You're awful gloomy to-day, Mr. Loyd," cried Charley. They were riding along the narrow track, Percy in the lead, and Charley some four or five horse's lengths behind. Percy turned in his sad- dle. " Am I," he said ; " I suppose it's owing to the weather, for I notice you are not particularly vivacious." " Well, I haven't been saying much, but I've been thinking a heap. I say, don't you think the horses could do a drink ? We've been travelling some hours now, and it's pretty warm. There's a nice slope at the end of the headland yonder, where they could get down to the water." " Yes, they ought to be thirsty, and a few minutes' rest will do them no harm ; let us go and water them." They rode to the extremity of the headland, and, dismounting, gave the horses a drink ; then they secured them by the bridle to a tree, intending to rest them awhile. The landscape had rather a curious formation at this spot. The point on which they stood pro- jected for a quarter of a mile into the lake, whilst on the other side another cape ran inwards a dis- tance of half a mile, leaving a narrow strait, about 500 yards in width, between the extremities of the two. Percy and Charley sat on a log which lay across a velvety hummock clad in a closely matted turf of green trefoil. Not directly between the two promontories, but rather to the westward, and about 200 yards from the north shore, there stood in the water a large black stump. How it got there no one knew, but there it stood, all moss-grown and slimy, fast decaying. This green spot, with its smooth turf, seemed a favourite resort of marsupials, for they came in dozens, sneaking into the open, and darting off with mighty bounds, when they discovered the intruders. Flocks of ibis and spoonbills came worm fishing close to the shore, and an ancient looking pelican thrust his ponderous bill amongst the reed stems. Two large eagles soared at a great altitude, now poising, now curving with a graceful motion, then with a swoop they darted on some unwary fish, and securing the prey, they perched upon the stump to feast. " It would take a good shot to pink one of those fellows," remarked Charley ; " do you think any man could fetch one at that distance, Mr. Loyd ?" " I knew a man, Charley, who could do it five times out of six." " Well, he must be a crack. You are by far the best shot I ever saw, and I will bet a pound you can't do it ; just try, will you?" " Very well ; which one shall I take ?" " The lower one ; it looks the best position." Percy opened the breach of his Martini, and, having loaded, brought the rifle to his shoulder. For some reason or other he felt a strong desire to hit the mark ; something of the old " warpath" feeling came back to him, and he took careful aim. He pulled the trigger, and the lower bird dropped into the water. So sudden had been the bird's death, that he lay motionless on the water, and his utterly bewildered companion, in- stead of taking flight, stood looking on in amaze- ment. " Bravo !" cried Charley, in great glee, " that was a splendid shot. You don't mean to tell me that the other fellow you spoke of can beat you?" " I do." " Well I didn't think there was another man"— Bang ! A blue wreath of smoke curled up from the opposite bank, and eagle number two fell beside his dead companion. " Hepburn Thorpe, by Heavens !" exclaimed Percy, springing to the water's edge ; and then, remembering that a broad sea lay between him and Hepburn, he turned to where Charley stood, and said— " I have heard about your scullers, and your cricketers, but I did not think there breathed a colonial who could do that shot. Why, it must have been close on 400 yards." " It's just a fluke," returned Charley, " one of Johnny Chisholm's flashes. He's always shooting about the lake, and he's not much of a shot either." They stood watching the opposite shore for some minutes, hoping that the rival marksman would emerge from the entangled brushwood, and reveal himself. The latter, however, seemed by no means solicitous of notoriety, for he kept modestly under cover until the would-be be- holders remounted their hacks and proceeded homewards. The chief topic of discussion is, of course, the mysterious disappearance of old Rory, which mystery they find it very hard to solve, and when they arrive within half a mile of Bundura, they are as far from definite conclusions on the subject as when they set out in the morning. " Suppose he has seen the white-haired woman and bolted," said Charley, with a ludicrous smile which plainly indicated disbelief in the existence of the said woman. " Do you know, Charley, I am half inclined to believe that there is some truth in Peter's story about the apparition." " Are you ? then I am not ; it sounds too much like a ghost yarn for my fancy." " Well, perhaps you are right ; I don't pretend to believe in the actual existence of the woman ; I think it is, probably, a practical joke. But who is the perpetrator in question—that gets beyond my comprehension. You remember the fright your sister got on the night of the party ?" " Oh yes ; but Ida must have been off her chump that night ; why, she admitted to me the next day, that she was not sure whether it was a woman or a kangaroo. But, speaking of this creature reminds me of a promise you gave me a long time ago, and I am going to keep you to your word, too." " Indeed ?" " Yes ; don't you mind, when I told you the digger's story, you promised to go with me some day and explore the cave ?" " Oh, yes, I recollect, but I thought you had repented the bargain, and had resolved to let that rash expedition sink into oblivion." Percy uttered the inuendo with a smile. " That'll do now, Mr. Loyd," exclaimed Charley, who habitually met an insinuation against his courage with a challenge. "I'm game to tackle the cave whenever you can screw up the pluck to go with me ; and see if I don't have you up to your neck in a fright before it's all over." With this exchange of banter, they rounded the foot of the mountain which slopes down to the lake at the rear of Bundura house. CHAPTER XIX. As Percy and his companion retreated from their resting place on the northern shore of the lake, two pedestrian sportsmen, wearing leather leggings and armed with rifles, strode from the opposite side. One was short and podgy, with bushy whiskers, and his dumpy legs seemed almost unequal to the task of striding across the fallen timber, whilst the other was tall, and firm of tread, finding it necessary to bend almost dou- ble to escape contact with the overhanging trellis work of creepers. They were Hepburn Thorpe and Johnny Chisholm. Hepburn's presence at the lake requires some explanation. What a number of stable friendships there are, the origin of which may be traced to a voy- age at sea, where persons of compatible disposi- tion cronyize and enliven for each other the platitudes of life. Mr. Chisholm and Hepburn Thorpe chummed together shortly after their de- parture from England, and, on arriving at Mel- bourne, they took quarters at the same hotel. As they were dining together on the evening after they had landed, Mr. Chisholm invited Hepburn Thorpe to begin his campaign against the bushrangers' by a visit to Bunyeep. " You will be in the heart of the bushranging country at my place," he said, " and as for your friend, I suppose you are as likely to stumble over him in the bush as elsewhere." Hepburn accepted the invitation, and having advertised for Percy in the leading papers, he accompanied Mr. Chisholm to the interior. " I am afraid you will find us rather dull here," apologised Mr. Chisholm on the morning after their arrival at Bunyeep ; " but as you are fond of shooting, Johnny will show you round a bit. Have you ever shot a kangaroo ?" " Never." " Ah then, there's a novelty for you to-day, You will be able to score your first marsupial in your diary to-night. The day after to-morrow, we shall drive over to Bundura, and I'll introduce you to my old friend, Mr. Leigh." " Thanks ; I shall enjoy the drive very much," replied Hepburn ; " but I hope you will not trou- ble yourself with regard to my entertainment ; I assure you, I am never bored whilst I have elbow room." It was not long before the shootists were ready to start, and they set out across the hills towards the lake, pausing for a few minutes only, here and there, when some kangaroo or wallaby offered himself for a target. When such chance occurs, Johnny takes careful aim with that ancient-look- ing double- barreled weapon of his, but invariably the marsupials bound away, apparently uninjured. Hepburn does not shoot ; he sees no mark as yet worth the ammunition, and seems content to watch Johnny miss. Every time, however, that a miss occurs the walking speed increases, and by the time they have reached the extremity of the cape, before mentioned, Johnny is fairly puffed. That long, determined stride of Hepburn's has proved too much for him ; he caves in, and votes for a seat If anything in the world can irritate Hepburn Thorpe it is bad shooting ; and it is just possible that he piled on the pace, out of sheer revenge for the non-success of his companion. The colo- nial protests, with much warmth, that every shot has told, " only those confounded kangaroos, you know, they run away sometimes when they are hit, you know." " Which shows they have no souls," replies Hepburn Thorpe, with a spice of raillery. " Why don't they die like men ? I say, where did you get that splendid blunderbuss ? Wasn't picked up after the battle of Cannæ, was it ?" Johnny finds that the Englishman is inclined to be satirical ; he has the best of tempers, but he rather prides himself on being a dead-shot, so he answers rather snappishly. " You haven't done much yourself to boast of this morning ; let's see you pot a kangaroo, and then you may chaff me till all's blue." This spice of metal rather pleases Hepburn. " Kangaroo ?" he ejaculated ; " might as well shoot a tree, unoffending, helpless beggars." " Oh, unoffending, helpless beggars, are they ? Wait till an ' old-man' gets hold of you, that's all." The memory of a tiger floats across Hepburn's mind, and the smile with which he greets this suggestion of kangaroo ferocity, is positively aggravating to the " Gumsucker." . " There now," continues the Englishman, " see those eagles on the stump out yonder ; some pleasure in potting one of them." " Humph," grunted the incredulous Johnny ; " like to see you do it at that distance. Look here, Mr. Thorpe, you've been nagging at my shooting considerably ; if you can pick off one of those eagles I'll make you a present of my gun ; blow'd if I don't." Johnny says this with an air of reckless mag- nanimity, as though the sacrifice would be chi- valrous in the extreme. Hepburn met the proposal with a stare of as- sumed honour. " That eagle," he said, "may consider himself indebted to you for his life. I should not like to defy conventionalism, by refusing your gift, but I hope the day will never come when I shall be the owner of such an obsolete relic as that dou- ble-barreled, muzzleloading, shot and rifle com- bined affair. Why, it must have the sins of at least 14 generations on its conscience. No, I couldn't think of shooting that eagle just now, Mr. Chisholm." " You don't get out of it that way," exclaimed the crusty Johnny. " I'll bet you five pounds level, you can't fetch one of those eagles." " Wager." Hepburn advanced some 10 paces from his companion ; he brought his rifle to his shoulder and took steady aim. Precisely at this moment a report vibrated from the opposite shore, and one of the eagles fell dead. " Money, Johnny," cried Hepburn, with ex- tended hand, turning to his companion. " That wasn't you,'' shouted the excited Chis- holm junior, though, in the heat of the moment, it is doubtful whether he could have sworn to the statement. " No, it was not, but if you can be quiet for a second or two, I'll drop the other," and Hepburn Thorpe took another very careful aim. He was going to eclipse that gumsucker on the other shore, whoever he was." " It was Percy Loyd," cried the turbulent youth. The marksman's eyes turned slowly on the speaker. " Eh ?" " I was about to observe——" " Be kind enough to observe silence—and—I'll —try"—Bang—and eagle number two fell with- out a flutter. Hepburn Thorpe rested the stock of his rifle on the ground and faced his companion. " Mr. John M'Cuisach Chisholm, who was it fired the other shot ?" " Mr. Percy Loyd ; I can see him standing on the bank now." Hepburn Thorpe peers through the scrub in the direction indicated ; his countenance is im- perturbable, not a shade of feeling crosses those strong and well-defined features, as he looks upon the man whom he has loved—whom he does love—better than himself. There, within a few hundred yards, stands the only man on earth for whom he has an atom of affection ; there stands the man for whom he has risked his life ; the man whom he has exiled from home, heri- tage, and fatherland ; yet he gazes on him, tranquil and dispassionate. Has he no heart, no feeling, this lusty mam- moth ? Are those ample shoulders and massive limbs but the tabernacle of bulldog courage ? Is there no gem of sympathy or tenderness within that placid bosom ? See, he uncovers his head in the sunshine ; he raises his eyes to the clear blue sky, with the stoicism of a statue. See, his ponderous chest heaves for a moment, as though to burst— " Percy Loyd, my friend. Thank God." TO BE CONTINUED.) Mr. Frank Senior, J.P., has boon olootod prosidont of tho Pharmaceutical Sooioty of New South Wide» by an unanimous vote of the oounoil of that body. 