NOTES BY " SCOPA." " History repeats itself." Lord Lynd- hurst was charged with having asserted iu the House of Lords that the Irish people were " aliens in language, aliens iu blood, and aliens in religion." This as- sertion called forth from the Hon. R. L. Shiel one of his most brilliant oratorical efforts in repudiation. It is extremely odd that what was then 30 strongly repudiated should now be asserted as strictly correct. Time works many changes ; but if the ghost of the Hon. R. L. Shiel could rise from its last resting-place it would gaze with astonishment and deep sorrow on this change. Long ere this tlie signa tories of that treasonable — I beg pardon,' loyal — document addressed to the people of Ireland by the Irish people of Victoria must regret their action. They must have recognised the fact that it was not only ill-advised, bnt not strictly correct. Far from being an address from the Irish people of Victoria, it is an address from an integral portion of them onlv. Most of the Irish Victorians— if I may use the term — will prefer to follow the lead of Sir J olin O'Shanassy, and believe, with him, that in a country like this, where we have every liberty, social and political, it is better — though still re vering the land of one's birtli — to let the Irish people fight out their differences in . a legitimate manner, leaving all violence on one side, than to mix up the people "of this colony in the strife. All recognise that Ireland has a grievance ; but all cannot agree as to the manner of -trying to remedy it. I take it that most of us, on coming here, decided to make it our home for life, and on leaving our native land we, I hope, left those differences that tend to such bitter heart-burnings. It is not long since Irelaud made an appeal to our sympathies. (I trust I will be pardoned for referring to it now). We recognised that appeal, and sank every other feeling but the desire to aid them; and did so, I trust, most effectually. We did not think then — nor do we now — that we were an alien race, and a bitter foe ; but it is, to say the least of it, not a pleasurable feeling to find we are considered friends, or fi.es, just as our co-colonists please. In saying the effusion mentioned was the outcome of an integral portion of the Irish com munity, I base my reason on the amount subscribed, as this is generally the test of one's regard. I find America gave £127,000, England and Scotland £18,908, and Australia £3850. Taking the above as the standard, it seems a3 though the loyalty to the uative land is concentered in the illogical address abeve mentioned. I notice our civic fathers have not been successful in laying the ghost of Paddy's Gully (omiuous name). It crops up in season and out of season. I would not be surprised to learn 'tis a perfect nightmare to most of them. Can nothing be done I Councillor Ferguson is either riwlifc or h«'s wrong. If right, surely arrangements can be made to settle with him ; if wrong, he can be settled. At any rate, 'tis time something was done. Councillors and the public are heartily tired of the whole affair. The councillors meet in the most friendly manner — faces beaming, and consciences satisfied with the intention of diseasing all business matters iu a liberal painstaking spirit ; tlie whole atmosphere glows with harmony and good fellow ship, when suddenly someone mentions Paddy's Gully," and nature has a diffe rent aspect. All good intentions evapo rate, and each wonders what he could see in the other to admire ; harmony is de- stroyed, and the balance of the business is concluded with, not nearly the interest and pleasure iutended. Get it settled, life will be much brighter afterwards. The directors of the Beechworth Gas Company have chosen a most unique way of notifying an increase in the price of their commodity. One shilling per hundred feet doesn't look as great an in crease as from 30s to 403 per thousand. Evidently the desire was to place that fact in as clear a form as possible ; but, with a due regard for the feelings of their customers, the originator of that notice evinces a knowledge of human nature far above that of the average director, and one that bids fair to elevate him, I trust-, to a position where he will have a wider scope for the display of such rare talent. Mr A. Forbes is proving as successful on the platform as in the field. He is another example of the indomitable, ubiquitous Scot, and a lasting honor to the fourth estate. His whole career clearly shows the mighty advance of education, what men will dare and do for its advancement, and the honor meted out to those who labor in its cause. By honor I do not mean the empty title or gaudy ribbons, but the desire evinced by an intelligent people to 3ee and hear the man whose name has become a household word throughout the civilised world. Of him it may be truly said : "Great men have be:n amongst us: hands t hit penned And tongues that uttered wisdom, VctUr, none." He purposes making a tour through the country districts. We have had a visit from most of the visiting celebrities, and I trust that arrangements will be made to have a visit from the prince of them all.. 