A Bad Bargain. It appearsj from some of tie remarks made bj Sir John Eobebtbon to tiie deputation that waited upon him -m Priday eoncerning a reform inthe Land Ls- wb- that the retttrn of the hon. gentieman to office prior to the departure of Sir Heaner Paekes is lDcelv to torn oat an exr-enaivfi arrangement. The Ministry generally, and Sir Hskbx particularly, vece, no doubt, anxious to secure his co-operatkmin the Cabinet, rather than ran the risk of leaving him at large, to make such political xninchiCT as they knew he was capable of doing even with less favourable opportnnitaea than were likely to be afforded him. Had the Premier left the colon; with his old «nemy quietly on the war path, his peace of mind would hare been destroyed, and there would be A ghost haunting all the fes tiritiea, which would have been as annoy ing to Sir Bjevbt as Baxqvo was to Macbeth. The PfizmzB, however, was too canning a general to leare his feienda and iocs open to the Wandi«hoient» of his popular old antagonist, while his oolleaffnes were nothing loath to be Bared tie traubl© of dealtag with tho open or corert attacks of tiiat restless spirit, which lieror did nor oerer, will rest in peace on neatgcalgnmnd. JJ1 tho» impleasantnessMcouM be eyerted by 'nobbling' Sir Jojot, and if thl« term appears rather an andignifled one to apply to the proceedings of our dictators, it is no more w than the transaction was to which it is applied. The publio 414 sw* kaow at the iln», nor have ifcey erer learned ibwe the twems upon which the two Hnighte made tip their MBbnrn Creek ^Bo $ii tit Mot /wW) HMdMVM «b «Botti»sS«omsponde»o» publighei widdi induced th« imptmlion that Uwfriiartiag wm ut&miaa;* ?uAiwbW |-wr«««j-enoandaC jM ft M WMUWtlMMill Iwt tkftvt 1Y0Titt Oastlng ffitff ^ftiifUfifs* Tflflrflijl Jttfj/mf' t«i8 stttsplcion that jh»^ijiftlajPrf*tg wii A *'JWd -l?' nfWr— - aioaly -feal-i(HiOti ttv)JBjfii/4tM/ttwni para-. b/uwww WW&tlms; toSa, tt ptenA to l», at wortt imt the 'two lion, gentlemen being too tough to be broken by any tog of principle ?which might have operated upon it. ; ? True patriots they, for, lie it understood, They dropp'd the hatchet for the country's good. Security in, or return to, office had no charms for either. Its emoluments were no temptation % its patronage no inducement. So far as regards Sir John Bobebtsoit, pro bably no one begrudges him either the one or the other; but if, as it appears is the case, he holds office at a minimum cost of one million and a half sterling per annum, his services as Acting Colonial Secretary and Minister for Lands were secured at a ' rather exorbitant rate; it will be seen, however, that this is the price which is being paid for them, if some of the statements made by Sir John last Friday are compared with a portion of the last Financial Statement submitted to the Assembly by the Treasurer. Sir Joror Eoeeetson in formed the deputation that he is inveterately opposed to giving squatters any fixity of tenure. It may. therefore, be assumed that while be remainrat the head of the Lands Department such an alteration in the law will not be proposed or even entertained by the Government ; but how does this tally with the avowed policy of the Min istry as propounded in Mr. TVa.tboh's latest budget speech. In that address there was a remarkable paragraph setting- forth the advan tages which would attend giving sq-cifctters a fixed tenure. The hon. gentieman informed the House that by altering the laws in that direction a land revenue of from JEl,500,000 to ^£2,000,000 per annum would be secured ; and he also stated that if the squatters were given a better tenure they would willingly pay the additional rents. These statements were not made incidentally in a verbal address to the Heuse, but were part of the printed speech read by the Teeaeubeb, every sentence of -which had. of course been carefully considered and judiciously revised Dy tne iJilmistry wten m-* Uabmet Council assembled. We belive — and ire san easily be corrected if we are wrong — that the passage in Mr. 'Watsos's speech ?which promised or foreshadowed fixity of tenure was not in the draft agreed to by the Ministry ?while Sir John was a member, but was specially introduced after the hon. gentleman had retired into ids temporary Milburn Creek privacy. It was, therefore, no random shot on the part of the Government, fired off to catch the goodwill of the squatters, but a deliberate aver ment of a lona-fide intention to intro duce a radcal change in the land policy of the colony, by which it was' anticipated the national exchequer would be benefited to the extent named. Such being the facts, it would be in Deresting to know how the disinterested gentle men got over the difficulty, when they found it necessary to re-unite in order to mate sure of the good government of the country during the absence of the premier patriot. Sir Henet Paekes could not take the fizity of tenure para g-raph out of tlie financial manifesto read by Mr. Watson ; but did he drop it out of the Ministerial policy to oblige his friend Sir John? If ibe latter was done, the question naturally arises whether the Ministerial services of the hon. gentleman to the country were worth securing at such a sacrifice. Most pro bably this view of the matter did not Btrike Sir Henbt Paeke9. and yet according to his Treasurer's own showing, it was well worth, considering, Relinquishing the prospect of an annual revenue of a million and a half, and abandoning a policy which would have secured if^, in order to keep a popular and active, and there fore dangerous, rival quiet, was a serious stroke of political business; but in all|probability it did not cost the jaunly Premier a second, or even a single thought. Under the circumstances of the day the co-operation of Sir John Robeetson was of more importance than financial affairs of the colony, and all questions of public concern were doubtlessly merged in the more interesting one of personal and private interest. The public — or at least that portion of them wlio do not bow the knee in abject adoration of, if not servile and supersti tious submission to, Sir Henbt Paekes — will, however, be liable to regard the second coalition between him and Sir John B/Obeetson as an essentially discreditable transaction. U, as we have intimated, it was the result of purely mer cenary and selfish motives, in deference to which a fundamental principle in what is beyond all dis pute the most vital political question then and now before the colony ; if this was the case, and we submit that there is something more than prima facie evidence of it — then the arrangement by which Sir John Sobsbtson returned to the Cabinet was about the most unprincipled com pact which ever resulted from the chicanery and place- hunting of colonial politics. 