ST. JOHN'S S CI I OOL-CIIUR C1I, JiALMAIN. On Saturday nfternoon the Anglican Vicar General, tho Very Rev. Dean Cowpcr, laid the foundation-stono of n new Church nt Bnlmain North. The building, which is to ho erected on an elevation near the Birch Grove Road, is to bo built in accordance witti designs prepared gratuitously by Mr. Edward II. Buchanan. It will be built principally of brick, having stone foundations, and will consist of a school-church, G5 feet by 40 wide, side walls 14 foot high from floor lo ceiling, egress nnd ingress being obtained by front nnd side porches. It will bo lighted by sido lancet, end couplet and circular gable windows. There will lis two rooms 18 feet long and 1G feet wide, to bo used as a vestry nnd infants' class-room. The roof will bo open timber constructed of Oregon principals, lined at the top, covered with slate. The building will be ventilatod by Tobin's system of ventilation, judiciously placed around it ; the windows will be glazed with quarry glass and will also have patent ventilators. Tho building when completed, will cost, exclusive of fittings, £1200 and i3 calculated to comfortably accommodalo about 350 persons. The work is being carried on under tho superin tendence of Mr. Buchanan, tho architect. Messrs. Rrown and Iliordan nre tho contractors for the stone nnd brick work, and Williams and Clympr, builders, for the earpentery nqd joinery and tjnisli: ing trades, Mr. J. P. Frnnki, on behalf of Mort's Dock Company, has presented tho committee with the whole of the stouo roquirod for creating the building. An unusually largo number of per sons congregated on the site, for tho purposo of witnessing tho ceremony of laying tho Btono. Thero were also present the Revs, T. B. Tress (St. Mary's, Balmain), E. D. Madgewick (St. Thomas'), llargrnves, Noakc, and Moore j Mr. W. A. Hut- chinson (Mayor ot Balmain), Alderman Elkington; Captains Broomfield nnd Birkenshaw, Messrs. T, J. Jaques, F. R. Robinson, nnd J. F, Franki. After singing, prayer, and tho rniding of a lesson, n bottle, containing a copy of eacli of the metro: politan daily papers, the Balmain hnlejiemlent, the Clniroh of England Record, and some coins of the realm, was placed under tho stono, whiali was thou laid by the Yioar-Clenoral, who repealed tbo words, " 1 lay this na ihe foundation stono of a sehool-churck to be built in this place, to be named, after the Apostle St. John, in the nnrac of the Father, and of tho Son, nnd of the Holy Ghost." Tho second hymn was then sung, and a special collect offered, after which tho Vicar-Gcncral delivered an address, in which lie stated that the building about to be erected was lo servo the pur pose of a school, a Sunday school, nnd a church, until at some future time it would bo found con venient to build a cburah hotter adapted to the wants of tho population. He was vory thankful that the committee had been enabled to get so far as to lay a solid foundation for their church, and ho hoped it would not be many months before a congregation would ho assembled within the walls of that building. Tho rev. gentleman then went on to show tho necessity which existed for a new church in that locality, and also referred to the very great rcsponsibilitca which rested upon tho Church of England in this "country with regard to the exten sion of the means of grnae, and tho building tip of tho population in tho knowledge of God. Iliey had lately,' as all knew, been celebrating the nnnivcrsiry of tho colony, but ho would also remind them that in a rcmnrkublo manner, when the colony was founded, provision was made for a elorgyman of tho Church of England to accom pany tlie first fleet which arrived at these shores, and accordingly tho ltav. Mr. Johnson camo out with the fleet. It it had pleased God to make tho Church of England tho means of" bringing tho Gospel to Iheso shores, they were under the obli gation of having first received thnt trust and to carry on that work. A large sum of money had to be borrowed for tho purposo of erecting the church, hut he would ask where was the necessity for such largo borrowings to carry dn works of that kind ! He thought it was owing to tho fact that they did not get a Jaeger numhgr of persqns to gjvo of their substance to the oauso of God, but it was left to a few to do the work. The rev. gonlleman, iu- conclusion, urged upon all to give in n loving spirit, assuring them if Jthoy did so, all such works as the one tlioy wero about to commenco would bo completed without difficulty. A collection in aid of the building fund was then made, and the sum of £SG 8s 3d was received, after which the singing of a hymn, followed by a blessing, closed the proceedings. 