THE NEW ENGLISH CHURCH AT ROME. Rome, April 11, 1882. On Easter Day, at four o'clock in the after noon, a very interesting ceremony took place in Rome on the site of the new English Church of All Saints. The foundation-corner stone was laid hv his Excellency the British Ambassador, in the presence of a very large concourse of English, Americans, and Italians. The usual afternoon service was held in the old church first, and the congregation, which was a very large one, adjourned at the con clusion of it to the new church. There was no attempt to make a procession in the streets a public demonstration being carefully avoid ed. A tent was placed at the extreme west end, in which the clergy, numbering about twenty, put on their robes, and a procession was made from it to the east end, the corner-stone was placed. The Ambassador and the personnel of the embassy headed the procession, followed by the committee and the clergy. As the procession moved from the robing-tent to the corner-stone, a numerous choir of English and Americans, assisted by a band of musical instru ments, sang the Old Hundredth Psalm, with much spirit. The service, taken chiefly from that com mended to the use of the diocese of Salisbury, by the late Bishop, began by reading an exhortation by the chaplain, followed by the 84th Psalm, chanted to a Gregorian melody. Canon Lonsdale intoned the Lord's Prayer, the Collect for All Saints' Day, the Prayer for the Queen, with other appropriate Col lects, after which the Ven. Archdeacon of Nor thumberland advanced, and laying his hand on the corner stone said the Benediction prayer. Dr. Ne- vih, the American chaplain; followed, reading the Lesson, taken from the 3rd chapter of the Book of Ezra. The same Lesson was read at the laying of the foundation-stone of the American Church, Rome, on the 25th January, 1873. The choir then sang the hymn : — "We love the place, 0 God Wherein thine honour dwells ; The joy of Thine abode All earthly joys excels." His Excellency the British Ambassador at this place in the ceremony laid the stone .striking it three times with a mallet, and . saying " Thus, thus, and thus, I lay the foundation-stone of the Church of All Saints' in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The stone was lowered into its bed by two young gentlemen con nected with the office of the architect, the late G. E. Street, R.A. The Ven. Archdeacon of Northumberland now advanced and said : — " Here let the faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain : this place is consecrated to prayer and to the praise of the Most Holy Name of our Lord Jesus Christ, Who ever liveth with the Father and the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end. Amen." The Rev. J. W. Pickance, assistant-chaplain, next monotoned some of the concluding prayers, and the Rev. W. H. Palmer those for a special blessing on the clergy, the contributors to the good work, the workmen and for the present and future congrega tions worshipping in the church. The service ended by singing the hymn — " Christ is laid the sure foundation," and by the Chaplain pronouncing the Benediction. A collection was made, to which many of the Italians present contributed ; the amount received, together with two donations sent the following day, was 214 1. On the day previous to the ceremony a bottle was placed in a cavity of the corner-stone by the Hon. Mrs. Walpole, who has contributed 2,0001. toward the erection of the church, and whose much-beloved husband, the late Hon. Henry Walpole, collected a large part of the building fund. The chancel is to be dedicated to his memory, and the stained glass windows, commemorative of him, will be provided by Mrs. Walpole. Easter Day was a day of glorious sunshine, and the service of the foundation-stone laying was listen ed to with great attention by all present, who seemed much struck with it and deeply interested ; all join ed in the singing and responses most heartily, and many fervent wishes were expressed for the happy and rapid completion of the work, which has hither to been attended with many difficulties and much cost. The whole of the foundations level with the ground are now completed, at the enormous expense of 6,000?. This includes the legal expenses and law suits in which the committee were involved, and from which they could not escape. The concrete bed for the walls, begun eighteen months ago, and going down to the depth of thirty feet, fifteen of which are in water, has been very costly. Many old Ro man walls were found at a great depth, also the portico of a temple or tomb, with six columns of marble in situ , but broken off at a height of three or four feet, and which had evidently been subjected" to the effects of fire, as they crumbled to pieces when moved. The foundation of the tower rests upon an ancient Roman concrete bed, probably 2,000 years old, and forming, as it were a solid rock on which the church stands : " May the gates of hell never prevail agaist it." Two years, beginning January 1, 1882, are allowed, for the completion of the church, and during this period the congregation will have the use of the old church. The committee have in hand about 5,000?. with which to carry on the building of the church. They have entered into a contract for the completion of entire outside walls of the church, and when, this is done, if sufficient money is not forthcoming for ihe remainder of the church, it will be necessary to put on a temporary roof and await further contributions. Debt must be avoided. The pillars which are in tended to carry the clerestory walls and roof of the nave are designed by Mr. Street to be of marble, alternately square of a single shaft, the square pil lars to carry the weight chiefly of yellow Sienna marble alternately with red marble of Perugino. The effect of this will, it is believed, be very good. The expense, however, of the marbles for these pil lars and for the decoration of the chancel, will be very great, and at least 10,000?. is still required. It is a matter of surprise to those interested in the church that Churchmen in England do not generally take a greater interest in the work. The English Church in Eome seems almost to be national ; and if it were better known what a good effect a noble church would have, and how small a number of English residents there is in Eome, and how great a number of passing visitors, taking a warm interest in the church, but still only a temporary one, and one which is not like to draw forth large gifts — if all these circumstances were fully made public, the probability is that the general help would increase, and this necessarv work would easilv bo plished.- — Guardian abridged. 