FELIX DEAN'S ADVENTURE. " I'm off," said Mr. Charles Bevan, junior, putting on his overcoat. "It's one of our " free-and.easy' nights; and I wouldn't miss a meeting of the Jolly Savages, no. not for the gold medal in ,nateria medica. If you're coming with me, Dean, put on your traps, and let's be off." "No, Charley; not to.night. I must really get to work and do some reading. Time flies; and unless I make a beginning, I shan't even have a fight for it." "Get to work! Nonsense! Let's enjoy life, a little. You've got the luck to be here in London, instead of our native Slowcester, so you'd better make the most of it. Come with me to the Savages to-night, and get to work to.morrow refreshed and inspirited." " Yes ; with a splitting headache. No; I have spoken. I have said work. and work I mean. You Savages must get on without lme, this timle. I've been looking at dates. and feel positively frightened. I lind I've only got a little over a month to prepare for the examination How I shall pull through I don't know ; but it is clear that I must make a start and stick at it. Don't press me-there's a good fellow, hut leave me to myself." C'harles Ilevan could see that his friend Felix Ilean was in earnest. lie sighed, put on his halt and prepared to go forth unat tended by his companl ion. "'If you won't, you won't, though I don't see why on earth vou shouldn't. Hlowever, here's luck to you over your musty problems. I will see that your health is proposed in a neat s1eech by yours truly ; and we'll drink success to virtue and industry. Ta, ta." Left to himself, Felix Dean took out a printed list, and began to study it attentively. As he did so, his open, frank, good.humored young face became clouded. "I shall never do it,' he said to himself. "I've put it off till it's too late, and I shall have to go home now, like a bad penny. What will the guv'nor say l" The young fellow had certainly good reason for looking and feeling gloomy. The time fixed for the Competitive Civil Service Ex. amination, Control Department, was drawing appallingly near, and he had scarcely opened a book to qualify himself for the coming con test. It was the old, old story of the country lad with insufficient strength of purpose to resist the allurements of the town. Two months before, Felix Dean had come up to London from his native city Slowcester, full of buoyant hope and noble resolves. He was to join his early friend and fellow-towns. man Charles Bevan, medical student at St. Bartholomew's, in his chambers, and work on steadily, with a view to emerging first in the list of candidates. How had he carried out his resolutions? By attending athletic sports meetings at Lillie Bridge and Lord's; by frequenting theatres:; byleing a boon companion at "free-and-easies," with a gono song invariably ready; by being guilty or the thousand-and one follies which young men, who always have been and always will be young men, commit daily without being in many instances apparently much the worse for them. Only Felix Dean had let time slip by, and had gone a little bit too far. d Discouraged, but determined to make some attempt at a beginning, he brought out his Euclid and sat down in the cosy stting-room to read. But the task was not an easy one. Long disnse made it dificult for him to con centrate his attention on his work. Words and facts got somehow to be mixed. The letter A at the end of a diacram refused at any price to correspond to B : and C flatly denied any correlation with D. "C D," said Felix, with just the ghost of a smile on his handsome face -"C D ; yes; that is exactly how I feel-very see-dy in deed. I don't know that it's much use my trying to do anything to-night." He went I on vainly plodding for twenty minutes or so, but at last threw the book away from him in disgust; and it may be well surmised that a man capable of such barbarous witticisms must have been truly at a low ebb. "I'd better go out and take a turn in the fresh air," lie thought. "That may brighten me a bit. Ill go to hed early too, and see what t can be dlone to-morrow. It shan't be for want of trying, anyway." His inclinations as a provincial, who had not yet learned to despise the attractions of lanes with trees--even though bared by winter's hand-and the soft stillness of un. frequented paths, led him to walk onward t briskly till he came long past Hlaverstook Hill, up the steep road which takes one to Hampstead, and which heats omnibus horses I and shortens the wind of the obese. It had been a good trudge from the neighborhood of the Strand; but Felix Dean, a stalwart, stout-limbed pedestrian, the triumphant champion of many a mile-race, felt as fresh I as at starting. The road was not exactly the I place for adventures; but adlventures come to the adventurous, and Felix Dean was at an age when men are on the alert for incidlent, and diaposed to put their newly acquired I manhood to the mettle on the least provoca f tion. He had been walking gloomily along, s alternately tormenting himself by reproaches, and soothing his despondency by making ' stern resolves for the future, when he became aware of the near presence of two other per. t sons. One was a young lady, a pretty young I lady-so at least thought Felix, on catching a glimpse of her as she passed under a lamp. t Her figure was lithe and graceful; and he f felt sure, from the little he had seen of her. I that a gentle, sweet-eyed faco made harmony with the rest. Behind her, close at her heels, strode a ponderous, thick-set, bearded nian, dressed im every- day dark clothes, but r evidently a foreigner, by the cut of him. 1 The young lady seemed to be conscious that I some one was behind her, for she hastened I her step, in order to distance her pursuer and a avoid him. The man, however, began to a speak to her, and the startled girl hurriedly a crossed the road. This maneuvre was not attended by the success desired. Her fol. I lower crossed too, and was soon once more I close to the young lady's side. Alarmed, she hastened her pace still further, and crossed back to the side where Felix was walking r and quietly watching. With unabashed im pudence the man again followed in her h wake, and continued plea:ling, in a half a whining, half- threatening tone, for almn. e The young lady, terribly frightened, paid no heed save by putting extra pressure on her I speed. Felix became very soon master of the situa t tion. Tramps, ready to take advantage of I the helplessness of lonely wayfarers, were , common enough in his part of the country, andl he knew well how to deal with them. 1I Without any further ado, he quickened his step until he got quite close to the man. S"iow dare you molest this lady, you vaga d iond!" he said in a loud clear voice. t The man turned round suddenly in sur prise, and swore one of those guttural never. ending oaths familiar to the German. The young lady indulged in a little scream of terror. "Veot vor you interfere !" growled I the man. " Donner- wtrter! mieats llen sit?" I He looked very wicked, and put out his fist prepared to deal a blow. But Felix did not give him either time or opportunity. I)Dop ing out with his left, he made the German reel and see more stars than were certainly v shining in the skies that night. "Take that; it will teach you to know better another time." The man looked for a moment as though he meditated a savage spring; but Felix's e calm and collected attitude caused him to pause and reflect. Ife had already tasted the smarting effects of one good rap, and was c sensible enough to perceive that in his young antagonist he had to do with a practised boxer. Blorting out an unintelligible series of anathemas, he turned away like a beaten hound. "How can I thank you!" said the young lady, looking up at Felix timidly. "I was so frightened I hardly knew what to do." "Don't speak of it; I am very glad I hap pened to be by." " HIe has been following me ever since I left the house of some friends down the road. I live quite close by, and wouhl not allow them to sendl their servant with me as ian escort. I have camo home at this hour time after time, andi no accident of the kind has ever happened to me before. Oh, I was so terribly frightened i" Felix noticed that she gave way to the daintiest possible ahudlder; and-yes, she was pretty, with the sweetest imaginable pleading face. "l'ray, dlon't distress yourself any fur. ther. 'lThe scoundr.l has gorne, andil I don't think it's likely hle will return. May I, in any case, have the lleasure of seeing you to your door :" "Oh, tihaik you: but l am afraid I am putting you to a great deal of trouble." " Not in the least ; my time is mny own." lie clfcred his arm, anl felt the pressure of the lightest andl tiniest of gloved hands. They walked along. What did they talk about! lFelix IDean himiself could not have told you. All he knei wsas that the mo Inuents seemed very srweet andil very t-rief. Ikfore hIre hal timer to fully realise hIris piosi. timir, hIe rwas hroight to a sLrand-still in tront of a hiandsome, sohid-lhokini g villa. " I am at Ihomne inow, aurl thank you very, very mrluch. May I--iiay 1 ask tio hlom I naiso iieallc indcihteh t' Felix fishedl out a cardl from, his ease. lie was glad she had siu this; not through boastLailneeS or vain glory, but simply li cause in his heart hIe longed to have the chance of seeing her agaiu. It seemed to him cruel that they should have met just that once, and possibly for that once only. She took the card, bade him good-night warmly; and her little active graceful figure was soon lost amongst the maze of shrub beries that lined the garden-path leading to the house. That same night Felix dreamed of bearded Germans and fistic encounters. But one bright smiling face ever and anon shone forth, and broke the combative spell at its most truculent stage, filling his soul with gladness. The next morning, however, the old grief became paramount. There was his Civil Service .xamination staring him pitilessly in the face, and sternly reminding him that this was no time for idle dreaming, but for hard work. 1ie sat down to his unattractive task, and became wholly absorbed in his studies. Discouraged but not vanquished by the for midable hst of subjects to be mastered in a very limited space of time, Felix toiled on steadily, nndistnrbed. In the afternoon the servant brought in a card. "If you lease, air, a gentleman has called to see you.' " Called to see me?" Felix glanced at the name: Alfred Mor rison. "Morrison, Morrison !" he thought. " I knew a Morriaon once at school. Can it be the same -Ask the gentleman up," he said to the attendant. A rather diminutive, carefully dressed per sonage, jovial and saucy in looks, and about the same age as Felix Dean, entered the room. The two recognised each other at once. "Why, it is Dean after all !" said the new-comoer, holding out his hand effusively. " I thought there couldn't be two Felix Deans going about." "Morrison I So it is, to be sure I flow on earth did you manage to rout me out i here!" "In a very simple manner, my dear boy. \- My sister, whom you met last night, gave me your address. My visit here was partly t at her request, to thank you for your timely help; and I'm delighted to have stumbled a across an old school chum as well." S" What ! are von--your sister's brother!" s exclaimed Felix, fairly taken alack at this I unexpected recognition. "I'm awfully glad to meet you agami, old fellow." The two sat down, and joyfully renewed t the links of an early and fast friendship, r severed as most school friendships are, by time and diversity of pursuits in after-life. 1 Alfrol Morrison had been In in the same f "form" as Felix at the big proprietary scholastic establishLsunt in Slowcester, and \- their relations had ever been those of close I chumship. They naturally questioned each other as to their careers. Morrison was fill. Sing a humnble, yet, as a step to something s better, an important situation in a Govern 1 ment office; and Felix soon explained to his friend how and under what circumstances he found himself in London. t So you're going up for the Control, are Syou ?' said Alfred Morrison. "Well, I wish e you every luck and a first place in the lists." "TThanks; but I'm afraid it's rather late t in the day. I've been putting off things till there isn't the ghost of a chance now. I I shall get ploughed horribly, aind disgust my poor old governor. I mean to have a try. thoughi; I shall work morning, noon, anti night for the next fortnight." " You'll have to leave a blank this even ing, for I'm going to ask you to conme and dine with us at home; just a cosy family affair, no strangers. The governor will be delighted to make your ac?uaintance." The allurement was a powerful one; but a Felix felt himself in duty bound to resist. He pleaded the urgency of his work. " Rubbish I" said Alfred Morrison with a knowing wink. "Don't let that prey upon 1 your mind ; you'll pass right enough; I'll Sanswer for that. I'm not going to take any refusal with regard to this evening; and I won't somebody be pleased ! She talked of I nothing else except you this morning at a breakfast. Why, Dean, you're coming out o as a hero of a romance in first-rate style I" y Felix would fain have continued to excuse t himself, as he felt too much concerned almut I. his preparation for the examination to in o dulge in renewed idleness. S " Oi, but you must come, old fellow," I said Alfred ; " anti Ill tell you what I'll do g if you'll let me. I've tbeen through the grind myself, and know what it is. 1 think, r therefore, I can give you some useful hints. If you give this night to us, therefore. I will colme to you every alternate night till the exam., anti "coach" you. What doyousay r to tlat?' Felix admitted that he had been seriously s- thinking of employinh some such help, but f it was the fag-end of the session, and his e purse was light, and he could hardly see his way to the expense. But lie Would gladly accept of an old friend's help; and as a proof is of his gratitude, would devote that evening to him and his friends. During the rest of the time before his day of trial, Felix worked like a negro slave. Strong.bodied, clear-headed, and with tre mendons staying powers, he, with the most e useful help of Alfred, tade the very utmost of the bnef period that remained. As he went on too, he felt that he was gaining lost ground very fast. At school, his mutellectual t capacities had been by no means of an in t significant calibre, anad he found his task one of no such great dliflculty after all. The list of subjects. once hopelessly formidable, becane " small by degrees and beautifully less," till within two days of the one fixed for the competitive examination, he knew himself sutficiently strong to do good battle. h lie had found time also to pay a visit to a the Morrisons, and to pass a delicious hour o with Asmy-an hour fraught with results in d which Cupid played no unimportant part. On the day previous to the contest, lie shut up every book, and pulled himself together by a good healthy march, miles away into the country. The oldest and most experi : eneel "coach" could not have suggested to him anything more sensible. The momentous hour camse, and Felix walked hito the big roonms at Burlington openly awl frankly, with the air of one who meant to win if he could, but by fair and square means. "Now for success-and, Amy !" That is what Felix Dean sait, when the papers were handed to himn. They seerued to have been aule s up y a clarued hadtl, so well dlid they lie within thie range of his knowledge. His good luck continuedl thlroughout the ex amsination, and hie rose at last confident that hie hat lone well. It was ntot without a feeling of gratitude to Amny's brother thait he Sinade this acknowledgment to himself; andi it was not without a sense of pity that he glncelI round at the rows of younIg fellows like himCself, pl)ring over their desks-pale. Searnest, and thoughtful stuldents many of them toe -youths of all stations, anll from all cornew of our sea-girt isle- Engtlish, Irish, Scotch. and Welsh. all eagerly struggling for ten vaanot appointmlnlst ! A fortnight or so after, Charles Bryan, who was greatly interested, called Felij's atteln tions to tlhe plublished list of successful caldi. dates in the Timcs. Csol to the last, Felix took it np carelessly, anl began to read. Ils name appeared third .' "Got it, hy Jove!" shouted BIevan, de lightedl Isyound expression. "Hurrah !" Il titme the young olticial itn Her M1ajesty's Colstnl ltepartmncut, with the full consent of evcryloly concerneld, took unto himtself vuitclsely as a fair little official in his own )slliletic ContrIol Departmtsnt. It nieedl e?rcrely "Is 'tatetl tlhat the somiebtly was. .Atty Motroison, andl that Felix iore tlhant once Ihlescl hIis hIappy stare for bringing hit the Imlllpiteald Rosa aldventur~ ; for witlh. out hisl renewsee asCltaiuita.cCe with i?lmy's brother, wltict was thus atransgely enough brought about, he might never have hjil ;.p appomtmnt in a Government ofeice.-C-h,,ý bcrs' Journal. 