Shipping §nttttipnit. ARBTTALS. March Jl— TERRIGAi, ketch, 24 tons, A. Cross; master, tram Bsndabag. Master, acent April L-TEBElaAn, ketea, 24 tans, A. Cnss, mister, from Bandaberj. Master, apnt. April 2.-LEICHHABirr.a»,«5» tona, CapMn J. T.DmTdLtroiaSrduey.viailorta. PasaoafJD-Mra. Francis ud UmflV, Mia. Goodwin. Mrs. t &sdL; Mn. H. H. BobioancOllas Clowe*, V«s» I-fciaJ James RotSrfordTb.CJowm, K. Boiham, Taunock. D. F. Jones, B. B. Shacfctatnu, ffEnurke, H. M. Beere. J. Johnson, and nine in the steerage. A. I. Wood, ?Kent. April S.-KEltAWAERA, aa, 486 tuns. Captain J. H-Soutn. from Sydney, via para. Passeunss— Us. Lyon^His.SLJ()lmanda«rmit.Mr».W-«-4Meura/ eIltoib. F. Heaoaeck. J. Snadden, B. Tudmr, C. C. llartindale, A-CaDma, W. Whitom, J. F. Suarlajid. A.St John.P.SLJoJm,B. fit John, and dx in tbe ateeraxe. W.Howard smith and Sona, apnti April 3--(In Eeppd Bay) KATOOMBA, sj, 49 toSrCantain T.XTSti. from Sydssy aodBriabane. Paaaeucers-Mrs. Taylor. Mn Auenatein and chad. Mm. Foot, Mrs. Scbalfert. Un. JTnumuig. IGss M-Guinnes& Mwsrs. J. Barker. Fbmminx, JTOavin, a. Delatnnr. O. B. Stepbma, T. T. Poof W. P. Walton, tnreeeWlo^B.aBaservant.W.C.WU^in, Collopy, Master FlimminK, and two intuestaca|!SL A.T. Wood,igent. AnriM— tADY/BOWEN, a, 4« toia, Ciptsin V. Cotaenfrom Brisbane, Tia porta. Saaaeateo— In. 1\. E. whuams, Ka Mayer, Km Johnatooe and cnud. Bin. mchirdson,Kra..shaud, child and aerraiit,ltra. Smitbanddnld,lGa Hares, Her. W. Soutt. Hessra. W. Comeu, & Lewis, Berr Tutacnka, -3. Hard, T. BlactPrindenKni Tk. a ArBnuetLH. W. Shand, T. E. White, Mfta. H. Turner, L. P. Warren, Patrick DemnKy,S.Tauderia,A. H. WUiffem, H. EnUebert. HTaBetherinrtoo, J. E. Wfnjama, aud ten the ateence, A.T. wood,alEenL DEPASTURES. Marco 3L-BDRIIEIX ju, 44 tun, Watson, master, lor Bundaber& in bauaat. Martir, agent Jbrcli SL-BrSXONT. *s, 4a) Urns, Captain W. Seel, for Sydney, via porta. Vr 1 '' ill ' ? Kia. QQucb, Mrs. WiDuuna, Mesara, J. w. Johnaou, W. u'Qnuor. ? T. J. l-^Hl-rlm, E. It Dietrich, John Ounea, J. Gillies, janr., and fire in the steerage. A.-T. Wood, aKent. April 1— VOtr ViKGS. aji, 441 tons. Captain E. Boolt. for Briabane and 6ydner. Faaaenreea— Mlaa WitEflakLMus E. A. BrowOleana. A. Drqauart, J. w. wnder, WeU- Bumdeu, VT.*t, Oscar - de Eats*. KtA, R. LittlB, SHeht, J. WakeneliT. Iaeham. T. K. Eigaon, R. Sharpie^ R.H.8hsriaasu and eleven in Uie steerage. W. Howard jjaddl and Sous,atenta. April it ? T.Ef/itnTawnT, --_ 45B tons, f^r*v'* J. T.IWeU, for Brisbane, via porta. Puaoiieu-Mri. R. L. Dibdm, ii dnUnu, and two asmnta. Mra. Baft and two children, Mn. H. Haekay.Hiai DJbtSn, Was Uaekay, Messrs. R. L. Dibdm, W. ECSoO, 3. EeDy.awlteninthesteerafe. A. T. Wood, arnt. April J.-(From Keppel Bay) KAIOOMBA, aj, 489 tons. Captain T. A. liafee, for Cooktown, via ports. Passengers— Mn. Goodwin, Urs. Jofanstoo, Hra. Etobinson, aOss Gordon, Rev. rather D'Arey, Henra. E. M. Reeve, J. J. BuUedge, G. Sumaen, W. aaunam, E. Johnston, fourin the ateeram, and throuch Daaaengers. A. T. Wood, agent. April 3— TEBRIGAL, ketch, 24 tons, A. Oross. master, for Bundabeqr, in naUasL Kaater, agent April I — KEILiWARRA, aa, 436 tons. Captain J. H.£oufefor£ydnef vispoitT Paa^J^Sri. 8. W. Hartley aid two children. Mho AnenTlOsi Cowie. Messrs. E. Cbuter. E. WrifK J. RuOerfordTandtm in the steerage. W. Howard South aud Sons, ageute. , April i—UiET BOWES, a, 442 tosa, Cantam & W. Cottier, for Briabaoe, via porta. ^ftsseageni V -Mrs. J. A. Stone and cnfldV Mn JStone. four caQdreu, and serrant, lira. J A. F00L Mra. J. Spenee, four chMrm, and servant. Hlas Etinet !«v. J. Spenee. Heaara. R M. Harrey. a Harden??. Jiend. MVirCray, D. Tatmock, J. A. Foot, WDer, T. Friend, and tain in tbe ateerace. A. T? Wood) agent The ship Famenoth, announced is our cable grams as having been wrecked at Land's End. was a fine douole-decked venae!, of 983 tons register, 1635 tons gross measurement, and 899 under deck tonnage, btult in Glasgow in April of 1076, by Messrs. Dobie andCo., to the order of Mr. J. Cook. Her length was 905-9 feet, beam 33« feet, and depth of bold 20 feet. She arrived at Brisbane on her maiden voyage under tie command ofTaptain W. C. Add. who had charge of her when ahe ' was wrecked, -about the year 1878 ; and lab ?ennently, -m the 30th July, 1881, wired in Kftppel Say liwui Glasgow, witli immigrants -^and a general cargo, after a smart passage of ^eight-6ve days. After discharging tliere, she ^proceeded in ballast to. Sydney, where she ^ took in 4395 hale, greasy wool and 706 bales washed wool, and sailed foe London early in November of that year. She m classed Al at lloyda. — Courier. The P. and O. Company intend running a weekly service between Sydney and London. We (if. Chronicle) learn that Captain °W. A. Corphey, late of the Rosa, ban jort raited and inspected the northern -ports of Qneens land, on behalf of his employers, the Colonial Sugar Befitting Company, who being about to go largely into sugar growing at Macksy and farther north, contemplate establishing com munication with their own fleet of steamers. Dasgebs hear thb Nobth SoiiTiST flsuiros. — Captain Mann, of the steamship New England, reports the existence of two breakers, not shown on the Admiralty chart, in the vicinity of the North Solitary Islands. These dangers lie north from the N.W. detached rocks, the onter one distant about one mile therefrom, the inner one midway between it and the rocks.— M. Chronicle. The Queensland, steamer, has gone to Sydney /or an overhaul, and it is very probable she has made her, la&t; trip to this port. After a long and cheqnered career of twenty y-*ra ™ ®-ae waters, theoW Queens land ifl, notwithstanding a periodical touching tip. &&, so plainly showing signs of old age and decay that her owners cannot with any show of consideration for the lives and goods of their patrons ointinne to employ her in the busy Queensland trade much longer. - The old boat.tboagb. burning too mnch cosl per day to be ? considered aft economical worker, has probably proved the best paying steamer in the A.S.N. Co.' fleet, bat the exigencies of the times requires tb&t; she «hoald now stand aside in favour of the newer and speedier article. The Queensland win, we believe, probably be broken np or at once sold. The Lady Bowen is, we ( Jf. Chronicle-) hear, now under offer to the New Hunter Saver Steamboat Company, and if the inspection, which was to have taken place in Brisbane on 29th March, proves satis factory, the' old Bowen will leave the Maryborough trade for ever more. The Brisbane Courier says :— ' Toe Execu tive Council baB sanctioned tiifi aissoe of inaixilctumg to Commander Heath to at once prepare^or lighting np the new channel which is sow being cut through, the bar by the dredges Groper and Octopus, and which will, it is believed, be ready for traffic within twelve months. In addition to the lights \- along the passage, it has bees determined to erect, a lighthouse upon screw pQ» at the onter end of tile new channel, and to this lighthouse an electric cable will be laid in order to provide constant communication between the vessels lying in the Brisbane Boads and the -city. This work will cost altogether about £6000, and it will be carried out forthwith by the Harbonr Department, under file direction of Commander Heath. On its completion the lightship in Francis Channel will no longer be required, and may be removed to one of the Northern port? where .it will be of service.' A lightship is badly wanted in the fairway of Kerrey Bay. The old 'BoBe' is quite good enough for the billet and might advantageously be sent there. Tax special meeting of the Municipal Coanczl called far Wednesday afternoon, lapsed for lack of aqsoram. Aldermen Ferguson, Sumner, Morris, and Page, were the only members present at the conclusion of tile Board of Health meeting at 4-40 p-m. Alder men Capora, it should, however, be men tioned, was present at three o'clock, the hour at which the Council was summoned to meet. Mb. C. D. Barbeb, Consnelo, kindly sends in -the following register of rainfall at that station last year :— January, 3*79 inches; Febmaay, 217; March, 6-58; April, 0-89; ' Hay, 1'61 ; Jane, no rain ; July, 0-15 ; Aogost, 0-34: September, 1-15; October, 0-25; November, 333; December, 1-66. Total, 20-92 inches. Rainfall for 1880, 32-43 ; tor 1879, 4085. New CaLXDOKiaN Cokyicts.— A corres pondent of the Sydney fferoM writes from Noumea. A bold attempt at evasion was made on.the 22nd March by six convictB at Be Nou, who, in broad daylight and in presence of their guards, seized the boat, which as nsnal bad arrived early in the morning with the rations of meat from Noumea. They dashed into the boat, threw the crew into the water, and tried to make off with the boat The snrveillants fired upon them, killed one, and wounded three others~-one of them seriously — and thus put an end to that insane attempt, for the oonricte had not the ghost of a chance to succeed in their efforts. This instance strongly illustrates the npbiH task it is now for the authorities to maintain a proper discipline over these desperate men. One hu lately launched into a new line for securing bis liberty. A parcel of docnmenbi has been forwarded to the Governor from the Minister in Paris for further inquiry. These papers purport to be certificates from the Commisaaire of Police, the municipal council, the 'directed of the Penitentiaire Administration, and from the Governor himself, recommending a convict named Petitean for pardon; in consequence of 'bis courage and devotion in saving a Sady resident of Noumea, who, with her two children — during a visit to the country — were drowning iu the middle of a broad river, through the upsetting of a boat. The action of the man was praised in these documents in the highest terms. All the requisite office stamps and sumatnres were in perfect order. The Governoro signature only seemed a little doubtful, bat it might have passed, with many others perfectly imitated, bat for the unofficial heading of the Governor's certificate, which caused suspicion and led to the discovery of this singular aeries of forgeries, which, as a ?natter of coarse, Petteau knows nothing about. 