SPORTING NOTES. (From The Tean,,lacn). (BY MERuIS). The Dolorahio iand Campbell Town people have no reason to complain of the lack of anpport on the part of owners, and if the Campbell Town authorities had followed the example of the other Club in respect to.lw nomination fees, tie entries wohld lhave been still moro numerous. In framing a programme it never should bg forgotten, that always the best policy to have the nomination fee as light as possible. The Campbell Town weights are to be declared on Monday next, and entries for the Maiden Plate and accept ances are to be made on Saturday next, 25th. Tho Deloraino weights are due onTues day next, and acceptances on Ist proximo. The Carrick Racing' Club Committee, have at length taken action with respect to the Birthday Meeting, and a meeting is called for Monday next at 4 p.m., to frame a programme. The Committee have an excellent chance before tmhe, and I trust they will take advantage of it by issuing a programme built upon similar lines to that suggested in these columnsn a fortnight ago. The excellent entries secured for tle jumnping races at Calmpboell Town and Deloraine show that that branch of sport is increasing in popularity, and there is eovery prospect therefore that the talked of Campbell Town Grand National, which is to be hold the day before the annual show in October next, will prove a great success.. From all I can learn the promotoers are thoroughly in earnest, and there is every hope that the race will have sometlhing like £300 or £400 added. ,The annual meeting of the Midland Jockey Club on the 0lth was nlllqueOtion ablj' a success, notwithstanding that the dilliculty of getting to the course from the railway station was a great drawback. It is'hoped that next year tle committee will endeavour to make some arrango ihents for the conveyance of intending visitore to the courseo. Another thing is 'highly imperative-that is a specidl train - from Lacnceston. ilad there been such ca train it would have beon a remunerative investment on the part of the Main Line Company, for it would be sure to have been patronisced. People do not care about losing a couple of days when half the time ought to suffice for the journey. I trust the management will bear in mind thle suggestions thrown out next year. Theroe is a proposed remedy for one of the evils, the difficulty of convoeying people from the station to the course, as two or three members of tihe com mittee are in favour of changing the course from Oatlands to York Plains, wlhere there is said to be an admirably situated and natural racecourse, right on thl line of rail. With the experience of Colebrook tile Midland Club should not hesitate for one moment in securing theesite. Every one was pleased to see the green and red of Mr. James Lord in front on Peter Finn, and it was near time Mr. Lord had a turn. Jim Crow, ea service able looking son of Velocity, made his debrut in the race, and ran second; but neither Jimn'Crow nor the winner jumped in a brilliant manner. Shadow, notwvitll standing that lhe had Mr. W. Gatenby in the saddle, who had done more with the horse than any one else, race off at tle three hurdles wheln going in a remarkably good style. This is now the fourth timoe in succession that the horse has run round er fell. His owner left tce horse at Oat lands in charge of George Law, to see if anything could be done with the unruly customer. Blink Bonny had an easy task in the Maiden Plate, and fol lowed up lehorsuccess by a comfortablo will in tleh Oatlands Handicap. Jimmy MKearnoy has elbected much improveement in the nmare since she has booeen under his care, and she will mako further im provemeno t. Nao mana is mnore deserv ing of a win than her owner, who is one of the best sportsmen in the land. That lie bought a real good lilly when he purchased Blink Bonny as a two-year old for the sum of £85 at the Calstock sale last year, was the general opinion of those that saw her knockeod down. She has plenty of good looks to recommend 1 er, with muscular power of a dray lhorse. One does not meet overy day with such strapping specimens of the thoroughbreds as Blink Bonny. In ad dition to her other good qualities what canl be better than hcer blood, which is not to be surpassed throughout Aus tmlia.. In fact, if the mare could never race a yard she is worth a couple of hundred at least as a brood mare. As is well known she is by St Albans, while her dam is by Peter Wilkins, out of Blink Bonny by Conrad, out ofj a mare running back to tile imported \Vhizig, by Whalebone. That she can race need not be wondered at with such blood. The Members' Handicap brought old West Coast to the fore for the first time since he won the Ladies' Purse at the coemmencement of the season, and the race does not call for particular mention except for the fact that Pyrehus took part in it after running a severe race previously in the Oatlands handicap. It was a pity, however, that the owner, who is a good sportsman, was not present and pre vented the hlorso starting, for I sam sure from whllat I know of tile gentleman that he would not have allowed his horse to start simply for the purpose of being punished, as it practically amounted to. The game old son of Pjramus must find the treatment he is subjected to now, very different fronm that received when in charge of Clare, and if he is not surfeited with racing it is not for the want of trying. The Steeplechase was one of the best of races of thle kind seec in Tasmania for 8- same years, and Echo proved that hIe had s, got back to his Carrick form, for hie was I about a couple of stone better horse than \- hle was at Carrick. He was, hlowever, or swerved by tie fences which were so rather light, but he travelled mo in rare style, and so did Mor ic ren, who went as straiglht as an to arrow and looked very danceerous until colndition told. Edward, well handled nc by Jimnny Kearneyv, rul a great neco , tlromughout, but the country crws hardlly re stiff enoughl for thle grey son of MuIonta r- cute, who novcrtllcless finishled anu excel ld leut second. Paul also rac well. The ed race was a fast one all through, and it is s, to be hloped that there will be as good a uc stooplecluso ncext year. Tihe Flying to Ilandicap served to illustrate the fact timat \- Mcander has lost noneo of hlisspeod, as or after Yougogo cltting out the work at a e. nro bolt, lthie son of Castle Hill pulled iyl his backers thlroughl. ThIe rwinner wem well ridden by Stoebbing, cwho has b.eec )3 particularly fortunate ulpon the horse. of This race broueght a gool meeting to a or nccelucsinc. re TWO of our lorcal slporetsnl., Mesre. O. so S. Agnew and 1. G. Talbot, left by the stleameron Wenlcnsdlay ee nee,,lbfor Europe. a 1ethi are good spolrtslen, and 1 am sure cl all rwho kcow thlcm will wish them bon Soeaeee. Thce visit of bothl Mr. Agnew ad al Mr. Talbot will be, 1 am nlppyl to say, nc only a short one, sas we lma?y exspel to see 1" thcm again about the end of thie year. m, Mr. Agcnew will lneeed e nto ELglsmul bly i thle Californiac nuail steamcr. m The followinSg aemounts wero paid away over the recent Duncdin cleetine :--lion. ly (I. M'Lnean, £9l25--£is0 of shich eas o won becir Lady Emicua ; Mr. . 1 r. lorsnt, a £494-; Mr. D. O'llrien, £180; Mr. P or Heeler, £10t; ,Mr. rlte. Feoter, £145 a Mr. II. Gticwhcan, Lis) h iM. I. Outton £811; Mr. D. Kirby, £76; Mr. W. Waltris £68; with smalltr amounts making a total of £2412. The large amount of £19,128 passed through the totalisators at the Dunedin races, or about £4000 more than at the last meeting. The sum was made up as follows:-First day, £5066; second day, £5152 ; third day, £8028;-total £19,128. The £1900 commission which goes to the Jockey Club out of this will, even after the deduction of the heavy expenses incidental to the construction and working of the machines, leave a good round sum. Tasman, the son of St. Albans, and Zillah, (the dam of Glencoe, Wayfarer, etc.,) who was sent to Now Zealand by AMr. G. O. Eady, and sold there, distin guished himself at th late late Dunedin meet ing. He did pot gain a situation in the Cup, but on the second day carrying 7st. he rainLadyGinner8st, 41b, to ahalf length in the Dunedin Handicap after a fast race, the mile and three quarters being ac complished in 3min. l?sec. On the next day Tasman broke the ice and won the 1Iandovillo Plate of 120 sovs., a weight for ago race. Tasman carried the highest weight of any three-year old in the race, and won upon a good finish, with Legerdemain in the same stable as Lady Emma. Mr D. O'Brien, the owner of Tasman, in addition to the stako was the recipient of, says a local coutem -porary, the cup given by Mr Joseph Clarke, which is a magnificent trophy,and apparently considerably over its nominal value. It was a coincidence that this first cup given by Mr Clarke, should be won by the Tasmanian bred colt Tasman. Lone Hand, the grey son of Panic, who was such a crack in the jumping line in Victoria, but proved a regular fraud in Now Zealand, whence he was exported, is at length turning over a new leaf in that country, but in a new line of business fiat racing. At the Poverty Bay Races in the latter end of February last, Lone Hiand won the Ladies' Purse, welter weight for age, and the Tauranga Handi cats, carrying 8st. 41b. The sons of Panic-Poll oell and Commotion-who realised 1400gs. each on Monday last are likely to cause some trouble in the racing world, judging by the following extract from a Melbourne paper of Monday :--" The race for the Town Plate caused some surprise and disappointment. iMr Phillips, the owner of Poll lell and Commotion, declared to win with the former, who was made a great favourite at even money. Com motion however, went to the front at the start, and was never headed, winning easily. After the race an unpleasantness occurred between MAr. Phillips and Lang, his trainer. Lang feeling aggrieved at the charge, asked the stewards to investi gate the matter. That body declined to act, saying the case was outside their jurisdiction, but intimated that Lang had his remedy at law to refute the charge." We take the following particulars res pecting the last day's racing, from the IMelbourne leading journal :-"The Ne market Handicap brought out a field of 37, the largest that ever started for i race in Australia. Mr. Watson was very forthuate in starting, the horses being on their legs together. Tyropean and The Drummer were the only unfortunates; they lost about half a dozen lengths at the start, and were consequently out of .the race. Surrey ran well till nearing the distance, where hlie was beaten. Totalis ator was in a forward position all the way. Euclid and Byacinth were in front at the distance. Totalisator was next, with Larpent a little behind on the extreme right. Hyacinth drew out, and won by a length. Larpent finished very well, but the race was over too soon for himn. The horses were so widely spread at the finish that those who were well on one side of the post could not tell which had won, and as some delay was caused by the judge not being able to find the number for the second horse, the crowd became very impatient. Some surprise was expressed at Euclid being placed second, as many of the spectators thought Larpent occupied that position. The winner has never attracted public atten tion before, and was not thought of till lie did a remarkably fast trial last week, and even after that proof of his speed his owner did not back him till almost the last moment. Larpent ran well up to the formn he showed in private. The Ghost and Hesperian were never danger ous. Both horses had been highly tried, and the backers of each felt confident of victory. In the race neither horse ran up to his private form. Totalisator ran in a good position all the way, buthe was outpaced at the finish. Tyropean and The Drummer were much fancied, but their chance was lost at the start. The fine field of ten horses started for the Town Plate. As both Poll Meoll and Commotion started, MIr. Phillips declared to win with the former, who immediately became first favourite at even money. Before going a quarter of a mile Com motion went to the front, and cut out the work at a rattling pace, and on reaching the stand he was about eight lengths in front. Progress gave chase, but Com motion held his position all the way. Darebin went close up to Progress as they neared the turn for home, but he soon retired, and Wellington went past him. Progress, who had struggled gallantly in the vain chase after Com motion, began to fail in the straight and Wellington passed him. Wellington finished wonderfully well, but though he shortened the distance between him and Colmmotion lie could not get up, and the colt won easily. That Wellington could carry 10st, and finish second in a two mile race run in 3min 34sec shows what a wonderfully good horse he is. His per formance was so highly appreciated by the spectators that the winner was neglected, while it was Wellington that everyone thronged to look at, and as the horse came into the weiglhing yard he was greeted with most enthusiastic cheering. The Victorian public dearly love a good horse, and it is doubtful if a better horse than. Wellington ever stripped to do battle on the Flemington course. 