• -jjiipi! m. iOHTFORQ'S ROOM. BY WAIJ Wandeb (W. W.). It was a strange experience altogether, and I have for years been very chary of relating it. The eight of' Colonel Ardwell's name in a late paper, however, has recalled the whole affair so vividly to me, that I may interest .you in recording it. I came out to these colonies fully determines on (fettling, and, when I heard that Bungarra Station was in the market, I immediately put myself in communication with the owner, Colonel Ardwell. I found him a jolly, agreeable man of the: world, and we arranged at .once that he, should accompany me on a -visit of inspec-' iaon to tiie property.. "I owe to you that I shall be glad to get rid of the..place/' he said, as, during the afternoon o£ the second day of our journey, we were getting near Bungarra.: *' I mistook my vocation when I tried to inake a country gentleman of myself. Ton see what a lonely country it is, and I do believe another six months of it would • have killed me." "Have you owned the station long?" I inquired. "About two years, and I haven't lived the: fourth of the time on it. If you find the plane suit you, I ohonld strongly adriae yon to keep on . M'Leod; -. he's a pattern: manager, and hie heart is in his work. Oh, by-the-way, I forgot to tell yon that. there is a sort of incumbrance tsoked to Bungarra in the shape of an old woman." " , "An old woman?" "Yes; the laie owner willed the sale of this property on'y on condition that it should afford her shelter and subsistence during her lite. An annuity iB also provided, and a cartain room allotted to her during the remainder of her existence." - ; " How strange I" I observed. » " Oh, she's some favourite old servant, I suppose, and she's a qaeer old soul, but I aeverfound her the least trouble." "But, -surely, Mr: Montford might have provided for the old woman without tacking her on to the estate ?" I said. " Well, yes, it -does seem odd. ! -.I - didn't mind, ge I have said; but, if the old creature interferes with my sale of -Bnngarra,-i must iry and bnyherofisomehow." I was enchanted with Bungarra and all its unrroundingB;- £i lay in-a-splendid country, a broad and fcagnifioent view of whieh-was afforded from-nearly' every-window-of the house. And the unusual style of the said ' house formed not the least-ol its attractions to me; it was so unlike'anyi'hing Ihad soneeivei oi oolonial architecture. • The building lay on the slope of a grand hill, and was of biue-stone; and one' ptory only. Already scarcely astone-was visible, lor a thick screon ot English ivy was • flourishing around it and up to the very mouldings of the chimneys. The windows were small, and-were of diamond-panedj old-fashioned Basheajand the deep verandahs were -heavily pillared, and eves in ?w d J 8 , 3^ °? ly heW w much light UB as thatafforded by a Utfck foresti r f ^ ^ the Bittia g &ce; the a rinwnl^ stranger might set 'S^,® there would be n5 ti W? l a o e '" the Lionel said, as we alighted from the vehicle, and mfaoduced metothe capable-looking man -T^? 03 '^?™ 8 manager of the istate, Jliieod will show you over the place, for; yfj the truth, I know very little more of it than my own three rooms and the stables. Tou will find it an oddly-: planned house." . oddly-planned house, yet one built, I could qn'te believe, with the one view of suiting it to the requirements of the climate. It was built in ihe shape of the letter E, with the wing of the house! arat corresponded with the bottom oi the i lying right against the hill. In the centre ,o£: the .square. formed®by the three anglep .ofthe building, a fountain, supplied, as M'Leod told me, by the drainage ftom the^liilli^catterodits radiating spray refreshinglyT:ia .the .,sun,. and the Btone portico, that completed the letter-resemblance, as it were, was covered with a climbing rose-tree, heavy with blossoms. I need.not, however, delay my story by any unnecessary description of 'Bungarra. * I inspected it closely, approved of, and bought the property*. I saw the old wo^nan encumbrance, and pitied her trembling hand wad white, worn face, quite - enough to put any idea of her being in-the way out of my head, but that she was quite unaware that the property had ehanged hands until I went to hvo oa it! discovered within an hour of my urival. Ihad taken up my own man, ons I had brought from England with me, and as soon as M'Leod, .who had been making some arrangements with.me, had gone out, Linton told me that the old woman- was very anxious to speak to me. " She's in an awful to-do about something; sir," lie added. " I think I never saw a woman's face so white in my life.'' My permissionmshered her into the room almost instantly, and as she stood by the door, hesitatingly holding it in her hand; ! h*d an opportunity of-noticing her agitation as extreme. She was so thin and frail-looking, too, and her deep black dress so suggestive of trouble and death, that I felt for the poor old creature, and -rose to place her a ehair. " Sit down, Mrs. Tone. If you have anything to say to me, you can say it more at your ease thus." She sat down and lifted her dim eyes to my faoe as she nervously fingered the corners of her black apron. It seemed to me as'if she were anxiously scanning and trying to read my character in my iace. 1 1 1 .didn't know that Colonel Ardwell had sold Bungarra until to-day, sir," she began, " and I'm anxious about it." " Oh. you may set your, mind at -rest," I hastened to answer. " I am quite aware of the life claim-you have on the property, that will be all right." " ButtheclOBeS room, sir ? Did tho Colonel tell yon,about that?" - The question, was so anxiously put, and sneh a strange one,-that I looked^ hard into the woman's faoe as I returned. "The closed room? what closed room ?" " The room where Mr. Hontford died/.' she replied, in-a low voice, as her eyes fell to the flo'or, and her lips trembled. . " Oh, I remember now ! Colonel Ardwell did say something about a room being shut: np at the back—something about an absurd talk of its being haunted, wasn't it? But the colonel never visited 2t, did he ?'' "No, Sir. no foot has crossed the threshold since the master died, and: he wouldn't rest in his grave if any foot did." " My good woman," I Eaid, with a firmness that I have no doubt gave her some insight into my determination of character, " if there is one thing more utterly abominable and - disgusting to me than another : it is superstitious nonsense of any sort. I will take care there are no ghosts about this house while I am. its owner. Which, of these keys is that of this haunted room?"' and I laid" the bunch of keys on the table before her. She pointed to one, rusted and discoloured. " That is it, but for God's sake, sir, be : warned, for .there is no luck in crossing the wishes of the dead." When the wishes of the dead interfere with the comfort of the living, they shall not be considered at Bungarra," I replied, "Mr. Montford's wishes as to yourself he has make lawful and binding on good parchment, but there is no mention of a reserved room." He had not time, or he would have done it," she murmured.. "No time?" ••• . "No sir. I don't think that Colonel Ardwell ever knew how Mr. Montfor4 died, for . he never tried to desecrate the room: he cut off from the lining by his expressed dying wiBhes, but as you sir, are determined to let light into a spot daylight should never penetrate, I tell you that Mr. Montford was murdered in that chamber." As she spoke, the old woman rose and curtsied to me, and then went out of the door with a tottering step, yet without another word. I was angry, and my curiosity was excited. I put out my hand, and touched the bell for my man. "Linton;" I said, when he appeared,: " there's a room in ihiB house, that has been shut up for years tit seems—I watt to visit it—do you know in what part of the building it is f" . "I can igness, sir, for I was wondering at the state of a door at the end of the hili. wing, as Mr. M'Jjeod calls it. It does not: seem to have been opened, or dusted for ages, and the cobwebs are in evary corner of it." Here's the key of it. I am going to visit that room." As we passed along the hall that ran right through the building, and round its every wing, I looked, but saw nothing uf Mrs. Tone. I thuughtj perhaps, she might wish to look once moro into the room that; evidently held a deep interest for her—but. it was not so. Somehow or other, as I foi-' lowed Linton along the dim passage that " " " ""eltfc - ~ ' time in my life some idea of the sensations encountered by the superstitious when they approach the dread soene of a murder or a The door was the very laBt in the corridor, and as Linton, with gome difficulty, turned the .rusty key in the lock and; opened the door, nothing was visible but a darkness wonderful to exist Jn the broad light, of day; .The one window opened into tho i quadrangle formed by the arms of the building, but it was so overgrown by the interlaced ivy that the few rays it admitted were easily caught by-the closed Venetian blind inside: Linton at once drew up the blind, and opened the ^window, while I eagerly waited to see what appearance was preBepted by -this chamber of death. It was a tolerably large room, furnished with every convenience as the bedchamber of a gentleman '.aciyistomed 'to be surrounded luxuries" as well as jihe comforts of . The large half-testerljpd was hung and draf?d Tptli a hs-udsome cretonne, the couch at the fcfftpf tfef fail} and the : easy ehair by . the fire-place, were covered with tho same. A large mirror occupied a prominent place on the carved fcoiliit-iable,' oa wMeii yet iemaiiied the combs, brushes, and other toilet requisites, probably as the last owner . had left them; and directly opposite the ?bed. and toilet • were.the double doors of :a laxge closet,^in ; which still hung many garments that gave out .a damp, mildewed-smell as the doors were opened. ' The strangest, thing of: all was, however, the fact that from one side- of the floor, close-to the bed, the rich carpet was tossed' back,- -and - the -boardsi whereon ' were great, dark stainp, day quite exposed. " I use t the word toeeed -adviaedly, for the carpet was not folded baok, but" lay as 'if it had been thrown back by -a strong and hurried-hand. My man raised his eyes from contemplating these riark stains, and' meeting mine said, seriously : >•:;- ... :-<vi :"g?his -must ;be :the- room where Mr, Montford was murdered, sir." .i- 1 .-.-* _ " Oh, yeWye heard that story,,then?" I- asked. " " r " fes, sir ; the waiter at thehotel where we.baited told- me, and seemed to wonder that I did not- already know." j. • j "Ah! and he doubtless hinted a little about a ghost; and all: that «ort -of thing, eh?" " Well, yes, sir; he did say that, this; room was said to be haunted." - • " Exactly so. .How, Linton;, you- have known me long enough to believe that-I won't have any such nonsensical- talea: about a place that has become my property. I don't-believe in- ghoets of any shape or form, and, to settle the matter, -! shall take this room as a sleeping-chamber for myself. See that it is put m .order.; have a good fire made j throw open the door and window; have that ivy pruned that keeps out air and light, and to-night I'll see what sort of ghosts haunt Bungarra." " AU right, sir." - I was going away, leaving the - arrange? ment entirely to Linton, when a curioeity that I felt growing on me urged me to ask a question: \- "-By-the-way, did 'you ; hear any particulars of this murder, Linton?" "I suspect the man told - me all he knew himself, sir. It seems Mr. Montford was a very odd character, and- was/known to keep all his money under his own hand. One morning when this old woman, Mrs. Tone, came to bring his hot water as usual, she found Mm lying there on the floor -in his own blood, and so badly wounded that, although he lived for two days, he scarcely spoke, save to the lawyer that made hiswill. Mrs. Tone and her son were with him when he died, and no one else." " Her son? where is As now?" . . . " I don't -know, sir.- The old woman must have been very fond of her master,-for -they say she .has never held up her head since,: and has aged a good twenty years since he died." I went away to the sittings-room, and sat down to try and puzzle a meaning out of the strange story I had heard in connection with the old woman's name. That some mystery surrounded both her and the memory of her late master, I was certain, yet I . was somewhat uneasy as-to the-efiect my decision to , occupy the -room myself might have upon her. so i determined , to communicate it myself,-and^see if any expression she might:, let fall would be any guide to me. , <\- . \- It was a lovely "sitarnoon,-the «un as -itdrooped.to the west falling.fally on the playing waters of the fountain in the oentre of what J may term the court-yard, formed by the angles of the building. X went out, and, standing in the poroh, looked toward the room where my. valet w»s busy. it was on my right, at the extreme end of the wing of the house, as I have already stated,, and then for the first time I observed, at -a little distance from the room, andlying right against the hill itself, a small tenement with a- chimney and a patch of flowers in front. ; It struok me that it was the habitation of old Mrs. Tone. Impulsively I strolled across the yard, and approached the>open door of the small oottage. 'Iflhadany doubts as. to its being the old woman's place of abode, the sight of her - seated inside, with her head bowed on the; table, and her withered hands alasped above it, was sufficient to set them at rest; The poor creature was apparently in great agitation—great sobs shaking her frail ! body from head to foot. Icould.not help wondering if this awful' grief had anything to do with the opening of: the room in which her unfortunate master: had died, but I do not think I should have! ventured to make my presence known under -the oircumstances. Ihad, however, hardly: drawn back to go, when she lifted her white, tear-stained faoe, and saw me. The thoughts of my mind sprang to my lipB ere I had time to think. I hope it is not anything conneoted with the olosed room that is troubling you thus,". I said. " You are old enough to know that such foolish ^ snperstitions . should not be carried to the edge of the grave." " I do-not blame you—yonknowno better, and it' is the will of God," she replied, shortly, as she wiped her dim eyes. " You lead too lonely a. life, my . poor: woman," I'continued, "you have brooded over the sad ioss of a doubtless good master until your brain has become weakened. At your age it is not right for you to live by yourself. Where is your son, who waB here at Mr. Montford's death ?" ^ \- If I had struck-the woman with a stone she oould not have more visibly staggered; she drew back suddenly, as if from a heavy blow, and stared at me with aiterror that almost communicated itself to me. What had I said or done to cause such an awful.; exhibition of fear and horror as Jay atark in in that old woman's face ? I began to think, as the most simple sluoidation of all' the mystery that seemed to surround her, that; her brain was. really giving way under her trouble and loneliness. " You did not understand me, I.fear, Mrs. Tone, I only asked you if you knew where your son - was. Ho would be eompany for you and, if you thought fit, I have -no doubt employment could he found for him on the station. Do you know where he is?' He • is- dead I dead I dead I" she cried, wildly, " dead to life. dead to hope, dead to God, and dead to me -l" and tossing her thin arm,a above her head, she tottered ir^to ani inner chamber snd left me'to- go back even more bewildered than when I had left the parlour. As I passed the o^en window of the room I had decided on oooupying, I paused and looked in; Linton had got M'Leod's house-' keeper at work with him, the oarpet was: lifted,and shaken, and the hangings removed'; from tho bed for the . . purpose of .airing and- difsting/ -doubtless. The. cmattrasses and bedding had also disappeared, and the' floor h»d . been sprubbed.. A bright fire blazed-on the low hearth, and the moBt superstitious would have .found little of the haunted room in the appearance: .pre-; rented by. the renovated -chamber. I -said as much to my. man while , the woman lad gone out to bring the carpet, off the grass f Yes, sir, it begins to look more habit-. able, but it is too hurried,;: the -: day is wearing so fast. I have not' been; able to clean out the closet,.^which^you know, is full of the ^ead gentlemanls clothes, and I have' put -the mattrasses jand : bedding in £h.er@ 'un0 to-inorroV—but that will jnot' out/' a»d he'ypinted- to'Jihe JjlobiJ Btains on the floor by the ted, whioht were beginning -to creep boldly to -new again from tne drying moisture otthe scrubbingbrush. f'Hever mind; the carpi willcover it," .was my.ieply, as I. went amy. . Well, night came, andibedtime, when, escorted by my-attendant, [ went to spend my-first nightin the myatoious. chamber. Nothing could look moie comfortable. My own easy-chair aad slijipers - Btoodi by the clear fire; all my toiletjrequisites were spread: out; on the enowilj-draped toilet, the .silver tops ,and istoppers ^reflecting; themselves brightly .in 1ho tall, dark mirror behind them. -The lamp -burned clearly, andthe bed, folded|down readyfor occupation. looked soft ahd white,: and enticing -enough lo -tempt . a man: less fatigued than. J .-found, myself, to ,the soundest of slumbers. - \ "Would it not "be-as yell for me to. islsepson-'this «oueh ,toinight;^ir,:so as to; >b handy in„-case. ysa- 'Jwaat ^mejajantonl hesitatingly asked eshe was about to retire,. and.was.loweringAhelightwiththe evident intention of leaving it burnisg. ,. "What!" I ca'most roared, "am,,1 -to have yon. turning superstitious on my hands, ..too Linton? Well, I give you: notice*-, that if • I ever .see-:|such, another symptom of.it, you leave my service,, ifyou had .been twenty instead of ian years in it.- What.should I want you for ?'or if I should,- there is a bell close to the oed. Put out that light, and go." . ,:: -i.. .< • . - ;i Before complying, the man took the bellpull which was the old-fashioned cord and tassel, and twined it -lightly round the bed post, so a> to be within reaohof my hand, then he blew: out the light; and went out on tip-toe, and. without another word. It would, be. falsa to sty that) I did not experience any unusual jenattlons as Hay there in tne semi-darkneM, and in the room where a dread tragedy had been.pirformed, for £ did. Not-that I was afraid, or had, theleast anticipation! of any spiritual visitation, but I got to picturing that last night of Mr. Montford, and fancying hla sensatlona as he awoke with tho mutderat'* knife at his breast. A struggle for dear life had been; enacted on tne very bed I occupied; ruddy blood had poured so deeply- into the boards by my sld« that the stains.yet bore witntsa against the jnurdanr. and refused to be ob-: literated. Who was the muiderer? I knew nothing of the.affalr save what Ihad gathered that day, and I was Ignorant of a Tact that I mfteiwards duoover«d, vIe., that Mr. Montford wai suppoeed to have, recognised the ipiller of blood, but sealed hia Hps at to his identity, that remained to that very day unknown. The glow of the red embers alons gave a, falnk light arouud the hearth, . and the •Utncej save by ths ticking of my watch above my head, was unbroken. The unaccustomcd-air, exercise, and excitement of the day had fatigued me, and gradually my thoughts began to waoder and grow con-: 1 u>ed. 11eU uleepj and knew no more until I was suddenly awakened by a strange concussion that I could not comprehend, and which seemed to have shaken the bed- an though.some heavy body had violently struck against It. I::Mt up in bed .'and listened. For a moment I could have fancied that aome -one was in the room, and-that I heard a door creak, but, feeling angry with myself for being so impraued by what 1 must hav« been a dream, I took the matches-from the night stand, struck one, and'lit the reidy wax light. A« soon as it fairly threw its illumination round the chamber I saw lying at the foot o! the-bed the budding and mattreaaes removed by Linton from the bedstead I lay upon. :-. I-was very angry, for I felt conaideAbly shaken by the .sudden start I bad baen awakened with, and Hook advantage of my man's arrangement of the bell-rope to pull it lustily. Linton made his appearance so quickly that it was evident he had not retired, and he presented himself with a frightenedlooking face . that , still ^further aggravated -me. • •• What is the matter, sir t Oh I" and he stared at the: bedding on the -floor in such undisguised astonishment that I could have BtruoK him. ••..• " The matter ? You see. it well enough. How dare you. sir—how dan you arrange that bedding so carelessly in the closet that it must oome tumbling out in the dead of night ?--At my time of life it might be of very serious consequence to me to be awakened by a shook like this." " I begyour pardon, sir; Ipasked the heap up with my own hands, and it seemed to me an impossibility for it to tumble down." •> There's' your .impossibilityJ" 1 said, pointing to the- annoying matter. " Take it out of this, to the Ipassage, the yard, any-! where, -so that I am ensured from a repetition of this annoyance." - But the closet door is shut, sir. Have you bean up ?" No, I had not been np; yet there was the closet door closed to a oertainty. ".Bah:! it has a tendency to close itself like many other doors," I remarked. " Gee that rubbish:out and take yourself ofi, Linton;" The man passed round to take up some of the blankets, e to., for removal. and, »U at once, I saw him stop and droop the candle he carried in his hand toward the floor. You haven't , been out of bed, sir," he said, looking at.me with a puzzled and father frightened expression—" yon haven't noticed the carpet ?'' " The oarpet?" I leaned over the bed to see what was the matter with the oarpeMand was more than astonished, for the floor was bare where the stains, ware and the parpet iiaag baok, jast as I had observed it to be on my first visit to the room.. . I -knsw it could not have.been so when I had retired, as I .entered the bed from the carpeted spot where Mr. Montford's blood had been spilled." : " There's some trickery going on here," I declared, " and that old woman's „ in it. Takecutthat heap of rubbish, aud,-when youhave done -so, -I, will, look ihe ,door|behind you!" I could peroeive from Linton's manner that he was far from being at etse, and cast furtive:looks toward the closet is he .passed it.;. He did net, however, offer to -open or search it, but, when he had onoe more retired, I xosei, looked the door and opened that of the closet, which bad jno look.-but simply a latch, lilted by neans ol, a brass handle on the outsile. It was not even latched, and, though, hung round with clothes, could: by no-means :have: -afforded concealment to a himan being. Again I returned, to - bed,' having assuredly latched the dcor of-the cloaet ;I r had olosely: exauuned, and;drawn np :the-Ulnd,.against which the moonlit shadows ct ivy. leaves wera flickering fcs the soft breeze moved them tq and fro. -* ' . J It was some time tre I.xlept again. In spite of my reaaon X felt- aomevhat nervous and ill at ease. 'I forgot to aaj- that Linton; had re-apread the carpet over the unholy stains, and- it. was the fact ^f - the carpet being, removed that puzzled me: most. But at laal, with the full determination of throwing some light on the mystery by-a full search on the morrow, ! dropped ofi asleep, once more. i . It muat have been inatlnoi that awoke: me next, for, as I suddenly opened eyea, not a sound fell upon mr ears. With an unacknowledged diatlke to turn my tiack towald the side from which oajpet had beyn' »o mptetionsl^ remo.ve4( J, fallen \--avleep with my faije toward it and toward ths window.. I aaw the shadows of'the ivy ieares, and the moon'* raya streaming .between them, and, aa I more fully arouaed myself, I beoame conscious of a dark object lower down, and faatween' me and the lower part of the window—some being was doutftUss in the room with me! idid not'move. I watohid it so closely that, even in the darkness below the window; I begin to fancy "! could tiaoV the ouVltoed shade of a kneeling human form. - Tne bowed head, that alone rose to intervene between- me and the:biightneaa of the moon- J lit window, aeemed to oaoillate ilowly to and fro, and * aomeSihlag-bright certainly gleamed in what appeared to be clanped hands over which long voluminous sleeves flrapad'thtmselvea darkly. So hear seemed' that figure to me thatj reaching - out my. hand, I could have -touohed it, : jetj coward >tha» • -X- was after all, I dared ,not -stretch it out. Ono mov«m«nt X '.made.. Jt^ was to seize th« . mstohes tor the purpose of striking a .llgh^i •Aft-aid-jo.aha-Mie 'gifowing'-blista^rewf flickered.anaoaught.thejriok.ofthewax light/1 eagerly lookedtoward the window. iThwe-waavnotbingthere^not,the. shadow :»!:» shadow, hutthecarpetwaa again thrown back from the ataina of blood. : I, slept no more . that night; and - - was rejoiced to see the daylight appear after the lougtwt hour* of darkneaa I had river experienced. While yet in. the alienee and depth of:night I had to own <to myself "that I experienced a sort of unaccountable awe at the: apparently unearthly visitations I had; experienced; ;but lis the daybeams broke euunily into the weird room I began to fancy I muat have dreamed of that kneeling ' form, or pictured it to -myself by the force of an excited Imagination. It required only the light of the.diaarranged carpet: to aBaura ' me that some kind of unknown power had really been at work in the locked room. I rang the belli rose and unlocked the door to admit Linton, whose very first look was! one :of horror at the again disturbed carpet; knowing I should require his aasistancii in th« thorough examinatiun lintaaded m aking, I told him my experiencea of the night while I-was dreaslng. .:. \- We are tiie aubjecta ot some trick, the objeot of which is to keep:.us out of this: room,"' I conoluded.. " The trlok I am bent upon discovering for the purpoi* of puniah iag.ita author- The objacb, I-daieaay, will be found out also; bus I am certain that old - woman has something to do with.both." First I caused every article:of attire to be turned out of the cloiet, and m%de a close search of it for some surreptitious miana of entrance, but 1 could find none. Then, while Linton was disposing of the la*e Mr.: Montford's garmenta, over hedges and fences, f»r the purpose of being thoroughly aired, I went to old Mrs. Tone's cottage, intending plainly to accuse her of having annoyed me during the night, but I wa>.fated to be disappointed at. every step. The cottage was looked up and silent, and the very key had diaappeared from the key-hole. • . .: "" Someone there must be residing in-the neighbourhood who is acquainted with th* circumstances.of Mr. .Montford's death," I, •aid to my man; after breakfast. "I shall ride over to the township::and see if I can- ' not find out' the medloal man who attended him at his death. . ' " That -will be uselese, air," Liaton replied. "I have been -inquiring of Mr. M'Lrod, the manager, and he says thedoctor hers is a new man, come since he did himself, which was only when Colonel Ardwell bought the property. Do you think, air, '-hat it would b« any gooi to enquire of the Catholic clergyman ? They siy the dead gentleman was a very strict B^man Catholic, and so ia Mu. Ford." " It can; at laast, do no harm, to „try end get acme advice in the afiilr," I said; " but you Jrnay be. sure:. If the clergyman knows anything he hag been bound to secresyj or more of the affair would be known in the neighbourhood. However, I shall call on the clergyman." And in an hoar I had ridden fron^«8uugarra, leaving Linton strict orders to keep the mysterious chamber close fastened until my return. . • I was fortunate in finding Father O'Connor at home—and an intelligent and friendly man-of-thc-world. He listened to my relation of my troubles a nd mysteries with a face thafcsgrew more and more'serious as I proceeded. - When I related the faot of Mrs. tone's disappearance ht rose suddenly, and with gome excitement. . "I must return to Bungsrra with you, air," He said. "You are quite right in suppoalng that I know much of the facta of Mr. Montford's murder that are unknown to thi police; theae facts were confided to ma under seal of confeaslon—a seal which daath muat soon break if it has not already done . Excuse m« while I order my horse.'' We returned together to the station, and nearly in silence, as the. priest seemed anxiously brooding, and in haste to reach our destination. As soon as we dismounted in the oourt, he walked straight to Mrs. Tone's door, and knocked and called loudly, " Mary 1 Mary Tone! open, it is I, Father O'Connor," but there was neither reply or sound, and, without further parley, being a tall, powerful man, he put his shoulder to the door and burst it open. •.. There was no-one in the little room, and : no sign of Ute habitation. As the priest was about to enter.the back apartment, he turned to me and said, hurriedly: " Oblige me by going to Mr.. Montford's roomj sir, I will join you there shortly, and explain all this,'', and he disappeared, closing the -door behind him. " These extraordinary proceedings, .certainly require some explanation,"-! oblServed, with some annoyance, to, Lintoa, who. was standing at the door, Vbut.open the door: and let us await his reverence ,as he has: indicated." The haunted room belngi as. I have before said, the last of the wing;against, the hill,, it waB but a few steps from Mrs.. Tone's.plaoe, yet to gain it we had to go round by the portico and so along the hall to it. Linton placed the key in the door, turned it in the look, and drew back to allow me to enter, I did until I had passed. the threshold, and' then, with anoxclamation half of fear and: half of amazement, I stood still for a moment' to realise the awful picture before my eyes.. On the bare floor by the bedside, for the replaoed carpet had again been drawn - back,, a: figure in a. long, dark and coarse" : garment was .lying still / and motlonl»BS. Tho-figure was that of a man, and the portion of the countenance unhidden by ihe tangled^rey beard was ghattlyJwhltB and eipaciatcd'to extremity.; The sunken eyea were open partially, and the thin hands 'clasped: to the scarcely heaving .breast -a. silver crgcifix- from tho posidon in which: the body lay it, would seem as if the man. had fallen over from hla knees, and it was but too evident that he .was dyings-even -in 1 : that moment of painful aurprlae it flashed upon '/me •': that I was looking upon the: murderer of Mr. Hontford! \- At this moment, to. my greats^, .surprise; 3?ather,G'Connor eatered the room iy the doorof -the closet, and, kneeling by the dying Tnani-ralaea his -head on hia kn«e.. Evidently he -waa recogni«ed; for' a .sad smile paaaod 'overrhisilips'asche weakly:, murmured. : $ is' juat, Father,! die on the spot where T-, took life," and hla hud fell over and rnted^; a dead cheek on the daik sifcta of -the biood ,-:,. I oannot evan yet recall without pain iho ifoelioga l.expericnced during the. next Ie» '.nouiBiat my uew purchase.: The clergyman had found Mra:-:Tone in » dylng'atate' in : the' cellar that ba'd iserved aa her son's voluntary, hiding place bom the world Bines the murder' pf . her ,master.- It waa.impoaalbl* and Impolitic to attempt further concealment, and a: magisterial inquiry held oo • the -bodies; brought to light most oi the particulars ^related to me prlva'.ely by Esther 0' Oi>nnor. ; "John Tone .had always been: a-^wadloharacter,'-- he suid, "and the tame life fat 1 Bangarra did not;euit him. ao he- made up' ;his mind to rob his maater of the gold ho knew waa - kept in .a small vault comthunifoating with Mr. -Montford's room' .by,« well-J i.concealed-spring .door in «he -flloset. He did not calculate; on his master's waking-and (recognising him, however,' and -inihie terror of duaovery and punishment stabbed him to ithe death; as he Aoped;- 'He did not Imme- :diate.ly jdie,, however, and the mother'e pleadings for her soa^s life acted so.npon the ^he crime, , entrusting .the truth to none but me. I lelt leBB responBibility in keeping the; secret as the wretohed man was so overoome with repentance and remorse as .to be on, willing to look m the face of day; and has: spent those years in penanoeB nnd prayers aud fastiag that would have worn out a stronger irame than his; It was his practice \- to pray nightly on the spot he had spilled blood—bis orime was great, hie atonement was- heavy—may God rest hie. soul." I have spent many happy days at'Bungarra since these events; My only and widowed sister has joined me .from home; and her happy ohildren make the fine old house gay . with lively voioes. The ivy on: the stone walls is graen and clustering, the roses on the pqroh, blushing and sweetseentnd; Tho fountain playB and sparklets itB diamond spray in the sun, and there are so ghOBts haunting the long halls, yet, I muat confess to the:: weakness of having razed sMrs- Tone's cottage to the-ground and reclosed Mr. Montford's room. 