SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (Fr Catholic Missionary Enterprise. •am the South Australian Register, Ap. 17.) The following is the text of the pastoral letter issued by the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, which was read in all the Catholic churches of the diocese on Sunday last:— Dearly Beloved in Christ,—Ever mindful of the trust gi.ven by our Blessed Saviour Jesus Christ to the successors of St. Peter, our Holy Father Leo XIII. desires to bring the saving tidings of salvation to the poor benighted tribes of Africa, South America, and Northern and Central Australia. To these portions of our vast colony we wish to call your attention and to seek your charity in aid of the new mission about to be estab lished for the poor, neglected aborigines. We have ever felt it as a reproach that nothing had been done in this diocese for those poor souls “ who are in darkness and the shadow of death.” We do not mean to attach blame to those who have gone before us, for we are well aware that the heart of the venerable Francis Murphy, first bishop of this diocese, was often moved to estab lish a special mission for the evangelisation of the tribes of this colony, of the efforts he made in theTatiara district, and of his endea vours to secure missionaries for the work. The exodus of our people consequent on the opening of the goldfields of Victoria soon frustrated all his hopes of undertaking the work, but on his death-bed he prayed that the mission would not be forgotten. From time to time something was attempted, but the de mands of the new settlement were so press ing on the limited staff of priests that very little was accomplished, but from the success of the late Father Iiinterocker’s little mission near Clare we had every reason to hope that much could be done had we an organised band of missionaries to continue the good work. Whilst, however, this diocese had not been fortunate in the efforts made, the Church in the other Australian dioceses was signally blessed in the establishment of missions to the natives. That of Moreton Bay, under the Passionist Fathers, Maurice Lensioni and Joseph Snell, had done much until their efforts were frustrated by the selling of the land adjoining the settlement, when, alas ! the “ white man’s habits and selfishness brought destruction in their wake.” The organisation of the Spanish Benedic tines in Western Australia, under the auspices of the Mgr. Brady, First Bishop of Perth, has been blessed with the most consoling results. -Bishop Rudesindo Salvado has brought the native missions of Victoria-plains to such a state that it warrants us in the hope of the like success where settlements are made for mission purposes far away from the influences of settlers, who too often by their sad ex ample blight the efforts of the most zealous and self-sacrificing missionaries. In March, 1846, Bishop Brady was ap pointed Vicar-Apostolic of the settlement at Port Essington. He sent Father Angelo Confalioneri, together with the catechists, Messrs. James Fagan and Nicholas Hogan, to attend to the spiritual wants of the settlers, and to establish a native mission in that country which now forms our Northern Ter ritory. The vessel was unfortunately wrecked off Torres Straits. Father Confalioneri and the captain were the sole Survivors of that expedition. For three years this holy mis sionary laboured single-handed for the poor natives. He has left much valuable informa tion about their capacity for instruction, and the prospect of an organized effort for their civilization. He fell a victim to his hard labours in 1849, and with him ended the mission of Port Essington. The appointment of a bishop, it is true, was made for Port Essington in 1854, but the Home Government decided upon the abandonment of that settlement, and the bishop and party were destined for other fields of labour. We have ever felt, dearly beloved in Christ, a great interest in the native mission of North and Central Australia. The reports of the various noble explorers sent out by this colony since 1859 have impressed us more and more with our responsibility to make some effort for the poor neglected aborigines. In our recent visit to Borne we met the venerable missionary, the Rev. Duncan M‘Nab, whose labours have been so fruitful in the colony of Queensland. His reports of the visits made to the confines of our colony towards the centre of the continent not only endorse all that others have written of the tribes, but give the additional assurance that a mission awaits the Church in that portion of our pastoral care. With tlio band of priests heretofore at our disposal we could not think of undertaking such a work. After long and prayerful consideration, the Vicar of Christ exhorted us to make an effort to secure aid from some of the religious orders to help us in this work, he praying at the same time that “ God might bless the findertaking and reward those who would aid us spiritually and temporally in so holy an undertaking for the greater glory of God and the salvation of souls.” We rejoice, therefore, in making known to you that God has graciously blessed the be ginning of our efforts. The fathers of the Society of Jesus have taken up the mission ; nay, more, that the diocese of Adelaide is singularly favoured in having from its priest hood those who are so willing to sacrifice themselves for an undertaking so full of labours and trials. The Very Rev. Antony Strele, who has laboured so piously in this diocese for the past fourteen years, is appointed the superior of the new mission. The Itev. John E. Neibaur, the zealous pastor of St. Mark’s, Port Pirie, has also been accepted for the work. In the steamship Amalfi Ave expect the Rev. John Francis O’Brien, a native of our city of Adelaide, together with two young Australians, who have also engaged for the said holy work of our Native Mission. We are not, dearest brothers in ^Christ, un mindful of the exceptions that some may take to this effort to bring the graces of our holy religion to the poor neglected savage ; nor of the cry of the “ many calls made for the establishment of our churches, convents, and schools nor the unfavourable seasons from which we have been suffering—the recent visitation of a portion of the North has familiarised us with the severe trials by which a number of our people have been afflicted ; nor are we insensible to specious pretexts made use of, to try and justify our neglect of those poor souls to save whom Jesus Christ our Lord died. Such motives and reasonings, how specious soever we may think them, will not stand at His judgment seat. Let us not, therefore, be deceived by them in neglecting a duty incumbent upon us as a Christian people. We therefore confidently appeal to vour charity, and ask your aid to establish this mis sion; our confidence is from God who has begun the good work, and will bring it to a happy completion. We are confident because we appeal to you “in the name of Jesus Christ Our Lord.” If you have much, give abun dantly ; if but little, give also a little. The outfit of the missionaries, passages, farming implements, &c.;, necessary for a settlement, will be at once required, as it is desirous to start ere the rainy season sets in. We purpose, for somewliilo at least, to make the neighbourhood of Port Darwin a centre of operation, then towards the Ledwick River, and thence we hope to keep communication with the Mission of Western Queensland, which places are looked upon as good centres of the tribes. But this is a mere preliminary plan, that circumstances may cause to be changed as soon as the missionaries enter on their work. To meet these requirements, we direct by these letters the Very Rev. and Rev. brethren of the clergy to arrange for a collection at each of the masses, in their respective churches and school chapels, on the third Sunday after Easter, feast of the patronage of St. Joseph, and ask them also to appoint col lectors to receive the names as well as the alms of the faithful, that the names of such benefactors may be kept in the records of the mission for the evangelization of the abori gines. We direct these letters to be read in all the churches on Low Sunday and following Sunday, in those places where it may be necessary, and request the clergy to aid our efforts by explaining the nature of such un dertaking, and exhorting their flocks to alms giving. Our Holy Father, Pope Leo, has sent us a special benediction on the new work. May the grace of our Lord Jesus be with you, and the charity of the Holy Ghost. Amen. * Ci-iistopheb Augustine, Bishop of Adelaide. Octave of the Resurrection of our Saviour, 1882. 