BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE; Seventh Day. The membefs assembled at 0.80 on Wednesday, 'March 1:- ■ "• • ' ' : 1' After thO devotional exercises Mr. Bourne sub United aiervised Uat of his appointments while in the colony—a list that in his opinion "would be an improvement upon that made by the committee.. His revision Was unanimously adopted by the Conference/ '■• j'\ ' ' The General Chapel Secretary, presented his re port, which hbowea "that"a considerable amount.| had been raised In; the chapel' department for new erections and improvements, and also for the reduc tion of old liabilities; buf th&tin; many instances more attention is greatly npeded in this department ■ of our work." Seven new chapels had been openfed during the year, making. a total of 116 In the "colony. The 'sitting accommodation provided was 16.660 several chapels were In conrse of erection; a number of enlarge-, ments and improvements were also reported, besides these'there were 16 ministers'residences, 9 cottages and I7fich6olro0ms. The total income had befen £6,266 2s.4d,, and the total liabilities how stood at upwards: of £20,000. - After remarks by several members on "the importance of using the utmost endeavours to lessen the debts in those cases where they were heavy, and several explanations by the Secretary to questions put to him, the report was adopted and ordered to be entered in the journal of the Conference. - " Thfe Sessionary Secretary submitted his esti mates of Ihcome'and expenditure for 1882, He had prepareda list of -grants to be:made to stations needing them and another list of receipts to come fromi all the circuits. These lists were subjected to severe and lengthened criticism, and they finally passed as followsGrants were made to North Adelaide, £28- 10s.; Port Adelaide, £49; Gawler, £14; I Mitcham, £29. (also towards furnishing house, £14); Port Elliot, £1710s^ Millicent, £11; Buna, £22; Kapunda, £10; Hallett, £14; Kaidina, £20; Port AngUBta, £1710s.; Wirrabara £14 (also towardB furni ture £14); Morchard andOrroroo, £3210s.; Quorn, £32108.'; Port Germein, £17 10s. (also towards fur niture £19). The income from the circuits was set down as follows ".—Adelaide, £10; North Adelaide, - £20; Port Adelaide, £16; Bowden, £40; Gawler, £36"; Mitchanr, £26; Monnt Torrens, £16; Yanka- - lilla, £20; Clarendon and Willunga, £15; Port Elliot, £20; Mount Lofty,, £36; Mliceht,- £10; Burra, £26; Anburn, £30; Kapnnda, £26; Bivertdn, £8; Hallett, £8; Kadina, £12; Moonta, £30; Bala klava, £25; Kulpara, £10 ; Snowtown, £20; Keilli, £10; Port Augusta, £12; Crystal Brook, £16; Glad stone,-£16; Wilmington, £11; Wirrabara, £15; Morcnord and Orroroo, £16; Quorn, £13; Port Germain; £10. Resolutions were adopted granting to Hampton -and WiHunga Chapels - pound for pound on all the hands that these places may raise daring the year for reduction of debt. The English Conference .was asked to give the Bevs. James Bowe and James Stoyel, or either of them. 'authority to sell (in conjunction with the trustees) Connexionalproperty in the eolony. The Sunday-school Secretary presented his report. It showed that there were inihecolony 86 schools; 829 teachers, and s,417 scholars, being an increase during the year of 3 schools. 30 teachers,' and 400 scholars. Tt showed" also that 162 of these bad joined the Church during the year.. The total mpome <?f thil 'depiartment had hieen £940123. 9d., and the expenditure £82ir 10s. 4d., leaving a balance ! inthehands ofthe Treasurers of £111 2s.6d. The committee had prepared a scheme for in- I aurance of Gonnexional property against loss by fire. After discussion it was decided to refer the scheme to.the consideration of .the next District Meetings and Conference. • Mr. Thorke submitted the following resolution:— "That we now place-on reoord our sense of the great services Tendered to the Connexion in the colony by' our President, the Bev. F. W. Bourne. We recog nise with gratitude his - high Christian character, and give him our hearty thanks for his wise and ' Christian teachings and counsel. We learn with regret that his health has severely suffered of late years from the English climate, and believing that the help of enr'brother would be of the greatest im portance to our cause we give him a hearty and : unanimous invitation to labour amongst ub, and \- affectionately request - the English Conference to appoint Brother. Bourne to labour in this colony." This was seconded by Mr. Bowe. Several members supported the motion,- and stated their -earnest desire that Mr. Bourne would so express himself to the English authorities as to induce them to appoint him to labour in this colony. It wa« believed the change would be of great-advantage to his health, and might preserve his valuable services to the Con nexion for many years. Sie motion was carried unanimously. . r. BOcrne thanked' the Conference for their gbod opinion of him;' He could make no definite promise, but unless hia health were-Letter in the liiture thaa it had been in the pastbe. should have to seek change, and there was no part of. the world, so far as . he now knew, that he should choose in ' preference to South Australia. If the English Con ference complied with their request he should be much pleased to come' and labour with them in this . colony.; ' ' The Book Steward presented'his report, but explainedlhat he had nbt been able to; understand the acCpnnts left him by his predecessor, and that the Auditors-had not-yet completed their work. The report was' referred back to the Auditors, who were Instructed to complete their woik and present i the report to the General Committee. ' It was decided to pnblish a digest of the laws and regulations of the Connexion in this colony, and the Bevs. J. Bowe and T. Piper were appointed to pre pare the same end to lay it before the next Con ference. -The'Port Augusta District -Meeting forwarded a resolution recommending Conference to arrange-for the publication of a monthly denominational paper instead tof the present quarterly magarine. After a brief discussion, in which it was shown that the proposal was altogether impracticable, the subject was allowed to drop. . The same District Meeting also'foi-waided a resolu tion complaining in very strong terms of a certain article which had appeared in the magazine during the year, and especially of the Editor for allowing ft to appear. One or two members spoke, strqngly on 1 the Biibject; but' as the general opinion ap peared to be adverse to any measure being adopted, and as the President advised the matter be allowed to.drop, Conference passed on to the next business. Conference sat beyond the usual time, and adjourned at 6*40. Eighth Day. Conference resumed at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning. The Bev. J. Thorke read the address to the Churches, which had been prepared by the Bev 7. Way. It was adopted and ordered to be printed with the minutes of Conference. \- Bev. B. Lang had' prepared the address to the Canadian - Conference. - This he read. It was adopted and ordered to be printed. Bev. T. Hillman read the address to the English Conference which he had prepared. This also was adopted, and ordered to be printed. Bev. J. Thorke presented the report ofthe Trust Debts Belief Fund. He explained that, owing to certain circumstances, he had not yet been able to complete his report. The report was adopted, sub ject to itsbeing completed, and ordered to be entered in its proper place among the records of the Conference. The details of receipts and disbursements, as well as the balance-sheet of the variouB Connexions! funds, were submitted by Mr. Stoyel and passed. The following committees and officers were ap pointed for the ensuing year:— Stationing Committee.—The es-President, the Secretary, the Superintendents of Districts, T. Hill man, E. Lang, T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, and 0. Lake. General Committee.—The ex-President, the Secre tary, J. Way, J. Hancock, J. Trewin.J. Bowe, W. Richards, J. Thorne, J. G. Asbton, T. Hillman, J. Ashton, W. Holland, C. H. Haggar, Ph.D., T. Richards, and R. Kelley. Trust Debts Relief Committee.—The same as the General Committee. Missionary Secretary, J. Thome; Editor, T. Piper: Book Steward, C. H. Haggar; General Chapel Secretary, W. .Richards; General School Secretary. J. Raymont; General Treasurer, J. Stoyel; Secretary of Trust Debts: Relief Fund, J. Thome • Treasurer, Hon. Dr. Campbell. \- Examiners.—In Watson's Institutes and Way-' land's Moral: Science, T. E. Keen;-, in English Literature and Logic,; Ji Raymont; in: English Bible -andnthe Sacraments, G. Jnke; inHomiletics and Chnrch iHistory, T. McNeil; in English History and Church- Polity, J: Thome;. inflebrew Bible antl Greek Testament, Dr.; Haggar; In MoCosh's " Moral Government of God'.' and Psychology; W. Richards. ■Mr. Richards presented the report of the Minis ters' Annuitant Fund, which was adapted; and Mr. Richards and Mr. Lang .-were reappointed Treasurer and Secretary.- •■■■•..■ . ; . Rev. James Rowe (the ex-President) was formally', appointed te act for the President in bis absence' -fronnthe colony. •: • . The. President laid before Conference a pro posal from' an evdngelical and temperance advocate In England to: come1 andlabour in this colony. He said the gentleman; :referred to had for manyyears heenmost successful in'Engtand in: his evangelistic and temperance efforts.; Several members of Con ference stated that they knew this gentleman, and testified to his -great usefulness in Eng land. .The following, resolgtion . was unani mously ■ adopted :—"-That -■ we ■ cordially invite Brother R. Goad ; tp come and labour in thiB colony, as an .evangelist and temperance ad vocate. We feel the more free to do this as we understand from Brothel- Bowrne that he does not require Iub to enter into any financial engagements; but i£ he; will come we will support him by all means In odr power, And engage to do all we can to make his meetings successful-'' The Revs. J. StoyBl, J. Hancock, Dr. Haggar, and - Messrs. B. -Gould, J. Ashton, and W. Long were - appointed -members of the. Union College .Council for the ensuing year. ... The .Conference; held ashortsession to allow the 1 members the pppertumty of relating theirChristian experience, and the following resolution was adopted in relation thereto"That the members of this Conference desire to plgce on record their unabated confidence in God as their; Heavenly Father, and in Christ as 'their Saviour, • and in the Holy Ghost as their sanctifier; in their true love and sympathytheyhave for each other as .Christian ministers and laymen ; qnd their desire and deter*' initiation to devote themselves to the great work of preaching Christ's gospel and extending His kingdom?' It was directed that the comae of studies for candidates and probationers, and roles for examina tion, he reprinted with the minutes of Conference. The question of a contribution to the fnnds of Uiiion College was discussed, and referred to the General Committee. It was resolved—" That our most cordial thanks be ptesented to Brother Bourne for presiding over the proceedings of this Conference; For the ability and judgment he has brought to bear upon every Butye<;t.aiscussed; and for the spirit of love and of a sound mind which he has sought to infuse into all present." . The thanks of the Conference were also presented to the Secretaries and to the.friends who had very hospitably entertained the members during the PBolUljDi , 1 * . The Doxolocy was stutg and prayer offered by the President, ana .the Conference closed at 2 p.m. 