T H E O : A LOVE STORY. By Mks. Fka-xces Hoimjsox Bukxett, Author of ' That Lass o' Lovrrie's.' Chapter IX. — What Comes of it All. The hardest professional trouble the shrivelled little French doctor Imd, perhaps, ever encountered was the sight of the wMte, woe-stricken young face turned up to his when Theodora North followed him out of the chamber upon the lauding that night, and caught 3iis arm in both her clinging hands. ?* lie win me now, uocsor, sue saia, 111 an agonised whisper. ' He will die noiv ; I saw it in your face when you let his hand drop.' It would have been a hard-hearted in dividual who would have told the exact truth in the face of these beautiful, agonised eyes — and the little doctor was anything but hard of heart. He patted the clinging hands quite affec tionately, feeling in secret great apprehen sion, yet hiding Ms feelings admirably. ' My little mademoiselle,' he said (the tall young 'creature at Ms side was almost regal, head and shoulders above Mm in height). 'My dear little Mademoiselle Theodora, tMs ?will not do. If you give way I must give way too. You must help me — we must help each other, as we have been doing. It is you only who can save him — it is you he calls for. You must hope with me until some day when he awakes to know us, and then I shall show you to him and say, 'Here is the beautiful young mademoiselle who savedyou.' And then we shall see, Miss Theodora — then we shall see what a charm those words wmwork.'. ? ? But she did not seem to be comforted, as he . expected «he would be. ** No,' she said. ' The time will never come when you can say that to him. If he is ever well enough to know me, I must go away, and no one must tell him I have been here.' Monsieur the doctor looked at her over hw spectacles, sharply. The pale face at once toucliedand suggested to him the outline of a little romance — and lie had all a Frenchman's sympathy for romance — monsieur the doctor. It was une grande passion, was it, and this tractable, beautiful young creature was going to make a sacrifice of all her hope of love, upon the altar of stern honor. But he made no comment, only patted her head again. 'Well, well,' he said. 'We shall see, mademoiselle, we shall see. Only let us hope.' The days and nights of watching, in com pauionship withPriscilia-Gowor, were ahea-vy trial to Theo. Not that any unsual coldness in the handsome face was added to her troubles as an extra burden. Both Friseilla and Pamela were very mindful of her comfort— so very mindful that their undemonstrative care for her cut her to the heart, sometimes. Yet, somehow, she felt herself as a stranger, without the right to watch with them. It was so terrible a thing to stand near the woman she had innocently injured, and listen with her to the impassioned adjurations of the lover who had been false, in spite of him self. It seemed Ms mind was always, upon the one theme, and in Ms delirium his ravings wandered from Priscilla to'Theo, and from Theo to Priscilla, in a misery that was not without its pathos. Sometimes it' was that last night in Paris— and he went over Ms fare well, word for word; sometimes it was his wedding-day—and he -was frantically appeal ing to Priscilla for forgiveness, aud remorse fully anathematising himself. They were both together in the room one evening when he was raving thus, when he suddenly paused for an instant and began to count slowly upon his fingers — ' January, February, March, April, May, June, July. My pretty Theo, what a mis take it was — only seven months, aud then to have lost you. Good God, my darling !' and Ms voice became a low, agonised cry. 'Good God, my darling! aud I cannot give you up !' Theo glanced up at Priscilla Gowei\ mute with misery for a moment. The erect, black robed figure stood between herself and the fire, motionless, but the fixed face wa,3 so white that it forced a low cry from her. She could not bear it a second longer. She slipped upon her knees on tlic hearthrug, and caught the hem of the black dress in her hands in a tumult of despair and remorse. 'He does not know what he is saying,' she cried, breathlessly. '' Oh, forgive him, forgive him ! I will go away now if you think I ought. He knows that you are better than I am. I will go away, and you will make Mm happy. Oh ! I know you will make liim happier than I ever could have done, even if he had really loved me as— as he only thought he did.' A moment before Priscilla had been gazing into the fire in a deep reverie. But the pas sionate voice stirred her. She looked down into the girl's imploring eyes without a shadow of resentment. ' Get up,' she said, a trifle huskily. ' You have done no wrong to we. Get up, Theo dora, and look at me.' Unsteadilj' as she spoke, there was so strange a- power in licr voice that Theo obeyed her. Wbndexingly, sadly, and hwmbly she rose to her feet, aud stood before Priscilla as before a judge. 'Will you believe what I say to you?' she asked. 'Yes,' answered Theo, sorrowfully. ' Well, then, I say this to you— you have not sacrificed me. You have saved me :' It was perhaps characteristic of her that she did not say anything more. The subject dropped here, and she did not renew it. It was a hard battle wMch Denis Ogle thorpe fought during the next fortnight in that small chamber of the wayside inn at St. Quentin, and it was a stern antagonist he waged war against — that grim old enemy, Death. But with the help of the little doctor, the vis medicairix nafuraJ, and his three nurses, he gained the victory at length, and con quered, only by a hair's breadth. The fierce fire of the brain wearing itself out, left him as weak as a child, and for days after he re turned to consciousness he had scarcely power to move a limb or utter a word. * When first he opened his eyes upon life again no one was in the room but Priscilla Gower; and so it was upon Priscilla Go vrer that his first conscious glance fell. He looked at her for a minute befoi*e he found strength to speak. But at last his faltering voice came back to Mm. ' Priscilla-,' he wMspered, weakly. ' Is it you ? Poor girl!' She bent over him with a calm face, but she did not attempt to caress Mm. ' Yes,' she said. Don't try your strength too much yet, Denis. It is 1.' His heavy weary eyes searched hers for an instant. 'And no one else,' he whispered again; ' Is no one else here. Priscilla?' ' There is no oue else in the room with me,' she answered quietly. 'The rest are upstairs. You must not talk. Denis. Try to be quiet.' There wars hardly any need for the caution, for his eyes were 'closing again, even then, though sheer exhaustion. Theo was in her room lying down and trying to rest. But half an hour later, when Pamela came up to her bedside, the dark eyes flew wide open in an instant. 'What is it, Pam?' she asked. 'Is he worse ajrain '' Pam sat down on the bedside, and looked at her with a sort of pity for the almost hag gard young face drooping against the white pillow. ' Ko,'' she said; ' he is better. The doctor said he would be and he is. Theo, he has spoken to Priscilla Gower and knows her.' Theo sat up in bed, white and still— all white it seemed, but her large hollow eyes. ' Pamela,' she said, i: I must go home.' ' Where.?' said Pam. The vMte face turned towards her pitifully. ' I don't know,' the girl answered, her voice fluttering almost as weakly as Denis's had done. ' I don't know — -some whore though. To Paris again — or to Dowuport,' with a faint shudder. And then, all at once, she flung up her arms v.-ildiy, and dropped upon them, face downward. ' Oh, Pam,' she cried out, ' take me back to Downport, and let me die. I have no right here, and I had better go away. Oh, why did I ever come ? Why did I ever come J' See was sobbing in a hysterical, strained way, that was fairly terrible. Pamela bent over her and touched her disordered hair with a singularly light touch. The tears welled up into her faded eyes. Just at the moment she could think of nothing but the day, so far away now, when her own heart had been torn up by the roots by one tiovce grasp of the hand of relentless fate — tlie day when Arthur had died. ' Husb3 Theojv she said to her, ' don't cry. child.' But the feverish, excited sobs only came the faster, and more wildly. ' Why did I ever come ?' Theo gasped. ' It would have been better to ha\\-c lived and died in Downport— -far better, I can tell you now, Pam, now that it is all over. I loved him, and he loved me, too ; he loved |«c ' always from the first, though we both tried so hard, so hard ; yes, we did, Pamela, to help it. And now it is all ended, and I must never see him again. I must live and die. grow old ' — old, and never see him again.' There was no comfort for her. Her burst of grief and despair wore itself away into a strained quiet, and she lay at length in silence, Pamela at her side. But she was suffering fearfully in her intense girlish way. Site did not say much more to Pamela, but she had made up her mind, before inaay hours had passed, to return to Paris. _ She even got up iu the middle of the night, in her feverish hurry to make her slight prepara tions for the journey. She could go to Paris and wait till Lady Throckmorton came back, if she had not got back already, and then she could do as she was told as to the rest. She would either stay there or go to Downport with Pamela. Fortune, however, interposed. A carriage made its appearance, in the morning', with a new arrival — an arrival no less tha-u Lady Thvoekmoi+on herself, bearing «lowu upon them in actual excitement. An untoward accident had called her friend from home, and taken her to Caen, and there, at her earnest request, her lady had accom panied her. The blunder of an awkward servant hud prevented her receiving the letters from St. Quentin, and it was only on her return to Paris that she hail learned the truth. Intense as was her bewilderment at her pro tege's indiscretion, she felt a touch of admi ration at the simple, faithful daring of the girl's course. ' It Li sufficiently out of the way for Pris cilla Gower to be 'here, and she is his i»o mised wife ; and Pamela is nearly thirty-two years old, and looks forty ; but you, Theodora —you to run away from Paris, with uo one but a maid ; to run away to nurse a mau like Denis Oglethorpe. It actually takes away my breath. My dear, innocent little simple ton, what were you thinking about ?' It would.be futile to attempt to describe her state of mind when she discovered that Denis j had not learned of Theo's presence in the house. But, being quick-sighted and keen of sense, she began to comprehend at last, and it was Priscilla Gower who assisted her to a clearer slate of mind. Two days later, when after a visit to Ms patient, the little doctor was preparing to take his departure, Priscilla Gower addressed Mm .suddenly, .^as. Ji_seemed,..jHii3iftut the. _ slightest regard to her ladyship's presence. ' You think your patient improves rapidly,' she said. 'Very rapidly,' was the answer. 'Men like Mm always do, mademoiselle.' She bent her head in acquiescence. „ 'I have a reason for askiug this,' she said. 1 i.^'U *kink he is strong enough to bear a ' Pf wllat description, mademoiselle ? Of grief or— of joy ';' ' Of joy; monsieur,' she answered dis tinctly. 'Mademoiselle,-' said the doctor, 'iov rarely kills.' J * She bent her erect head again. She had not regarded the fact of her old enemy's presence ever so slightly while she spoke, but when the doctor was gone she addressed her. 'I have been thinking of returning to London at once, if possible,' she said. ' Miss Gower's ill- health renders any further ab sence a neglect. If I go, would it be pos sible for vou to remain here, with Miss STorth?' 'Pamela?' suggested Lady Throckmorton. 'Theodora,' was the calm reply. Au odd silencfe of a moment, and then the eyes of the two women met each other, in one long, steady look ; Lady Throckinorton's profoundly searcMng, wonderingly question ing ; Priscilla Govver's steadfast-, calm, almost defiant. Then Lady TM-oekmorton spoke. ' I will stay,' she said,*' and she shall stay with me.' 'Thank you,' with another slight bend of the handsome head. ' I am going now to speak to Mr. Oglethorpe. Wheu I opeu the door will you send Miss North, Theodora,' to me?' ' Yes,' answered her ladysMp. SoPriseilla Gower crossed the narrow land ing, and. went into the sick-room, and her ladyship summoned Theodora North, and bade her wait, not telling her why. What passed behind the closed doors ouly three ]H?oijle can tell, and those three people are Deiiis Oglethorpe, his wife, and the woman vtho, in 'spite of her coldness, was truer to him than he dared be to Minself. There was 110 sound of raised or agitated voices, all was calm and seemingly silent. Fifteen minutes passed — half an hour ; nearly an hour, and then Priscilla Gower stepped out ui-on the landing-, and Latlv Throckmorton sj»okc to Theo. ' Go to her,' was her command. ' She wants yen.' The poor c-hiiil arose mechanically and went out. She did not understand why . she was wanted — she scarcely cared. She merely went because she was tpld. But when she looked up at Priscilla Gower, she caught her breath aud drew back. But PrisciUa held out her hand to her. 'Come,' she commanded. Aud before Theo had time to utter a word, she was drawn into the chamber, and the door closed. Denis was Ijing upon a pile of pillows, and pale as he was she saw in one instant that something had luippened, aud that he was not unhappy, whatever his fate was to be. 'I have been telling Mr. Oglethorpe,' Piisciila .-said to her, 'all that you have done, Theodora. I have been telling him how you forgot the world, and came to him when he was at the world's mercy. I have told him, too, that five years ago he made a great mistake, wMch I shared with Mm. It was a great mistake, and it had better be wiped out and done away with, and we have agreed that it shall be. So I have brought you here ? ' All the blood in Theodora North's heart surged into her face, in a great rush of anguish awl bewilderment. '?Ko ! no !' she cried out. ' No ! no \ only forgive him, and let me go. Only forgive Mm, and let him begin again. He must love you— lie does love you. It was my fault— not his. Oh ? ' PrisuiYla stopped her, smiling in a half -.sad way. 'Hush!' she said, quietly. 'You dou't understand me. The fault was only the fault of the old blunder. Don't try to throw your happiness away, Theodora. You were not made to miss it. I have not been blind all these months. How could I be? I only wanted to wait and make sure that this was not a blunder, too. I have known it from the first. TTheo, I have done now— the old tangle is unravelled. Go to him, Theo, he wants you.' The next instant the door closed upon Priscilla, as she went out, and Theodora North understood clearly what she had before never dared to dream of. There was one brief, breathless pause, and then Denis Oglethorpe held out Ms arms, ' My darling,' he said. ' Aline, my own.' She 'slipped down, by his side, beautiful, - tremulous, with glowing cheeks and tear-wet eyes. She remembered Priscilla Gower then. ' Oh, my love !' she cried. ' She is better than I am, braver and more noble ; but she . can never love yon better, or be more faithful and true than I will be. Only try me ; only try me. my darling.' Three months subsequently, when Pamela and Priscilla had settled down again to the routine of their old lives, there was a quiet wedding celebrated atParis — a quiet wedding', though it was under Lady Tlirockuiorton's patronage In their tender remembrance of Priscilla Gower it was laade a quiet wedding — so quiet, indeed, that the people who made the young English beauty's romance a topic of conversa tion aud nine days' wonder scarcely knew it had ended. And in Brooine-strect Priscilla Gower read the announcement in the paper, viith only the ghost of a faint pang. ' I sappose 1 am naturally a cold woman,' she wrote to Pamela North, with whom she sustained a faithful correspondence. ' I will acknowledge, at least, to a certain lack of enthusiasm. I can be faithful, but I cannot be impassioned. It is impossible for me to suffer as your pretty Theo could, as it is equally impossible for me to love as she did. I have lost something, of course, but I have not lost all.' Between these two women there arose a friendship which was never dissolved. Per haps the one tMnjj they had in common drew them towards each other ; at any rate, they were faithful ; and even when, three years later, Priseilla Gower married a man who loved her, and having married him. was a calmly happy woman, they were faithful to each other still. THE ESI). 