The Bishop's Address. /Concluded from our hut.) As regards the case of children dying un baptised, I may say here, that where there ; has been no plain neglect on the part of the parents, in endeavouring to obtain Baptism, either by a properly ordained minister or in cases of extreme necessity by a layman, I have no objection to the use of some Service over such bodies. But the curate must use a wise discretion, and make careful enquiries before he does use such a service, as it ought not to be UBed where neglect or contempt of that Holy Sacrament has been evident; for we know that the burial of the body of an infant, without a service, cannot affect its position in God's sight. The form which such a Bervice should take should be I think chiefly, an address dwelling upon Gdd's not being bound as we are, his His : own ordinance, and the humble confidence that where His ordinance has failed to be administered, through no fault of ours, there, he will do what is best for ub and ours. There is an office on the death of young children in the Yisitatio Infirmo rum which with some alterations might form perhaps a foundation for such, a ser vice. This service however will be pre- < pared for our acceptance hereafter. Tou will be glad to hear that further progress has been made by the action of the late General Synod towards creating a general scheme for the provisions for Hie widows and orphans of Clergy. A very able opinion and clear statement of condi tions has been given to the General Synod by Mr. Black, Actuary for the Mutual Provident Society, in reply to enquiry, from which it is plain that no real hin drance exists to the formation of a gene ral society, a plan which I have always with others earnestly advocated, and en deavoured to forward in the last session but one, of the General Synod. A stand ing committee 1ms been formed to cany out the recommendations of the last com mittee upon the subject, during the re cess, and it is to be hoped that something will be done before long to draw our Dio cese together into unity on that matter. As to what has been done in the working of our own scheme I will speak presently. A Determination for the trial of Bishops was passed at the last General Synod, but I do not propose to offer it for your accept ance at this Session, because I have not had the time for studying it that I could desire; and such a matter is not over quickly to be judged. Whilst there is so much care in a mixed Synod for the dis cipline of Clergy and Bishops is none re quired for the laity f A motion was made to request the House of Bishops to consider the desirabi lity of recommending the observance of the season of Rogation-tide or one similar thereto, at a time more suitable to this part of the world; and that they be pleased to sanction therewith, the use of the Form of Prayer for Rogation days which has been recently adopted by the Lower House of Convocation of Canter* bury or one similar thereto. £1bai mo don wSa sbblved hyresort to that happy despatch, 'moving the previous question,' but it has* my sympathy, and I see no ob jection to its adaption. It is not strictly correct tospeak of a season of Rogation-tid e, although three days are set apart for the ; observance of special prayer for blessing on oar crops at home, and preparation_for the day of our Lordv *<■»-— uuanuia into ties veil. The exact origin of these Rogation days ia a little obscure; it is attributed to Bishop Mamertus, of Vienne, in France (the place of exile of Pontius Pilate) and were set apart for observance on the occasion of a terrible calamity of earth quake, fire, and incursion of beasts of prey (A.D., 452) but it is likely that they were of more ancient date in the Christian Church, and appointed, as they are by our national Church for imploring God's blessing upon the coming crops. But as our seasons ~ opposite of raeirs, it is not possible for us to observe these days for ourselves -with the same in tention that they are observed at home— and yet we ought to have some day or days for asking (Sod's blessing on our crops—yet to come, as we pray, in due season. And, if we hold Thanksgiving Services for the bounties of a harvest when gathered in, it is not a somewhat unequal thing, that we observe no day for acknowledgment of our dependence on his good Providence beforehand! Surely we might have at least one day for such sup plication at a fitting season. The connex bVB suggfi&ted; the recommenda- j n of the Lambeth Conference, that Tuesday in Rogation week should be ob served as a day of intercession for mis sions. But it is almost, I think I may | say quite impossible for ub in such a Dio- j cese as this, to observe a day for interces sion for missions on a week day and I think that the third Sunday in Advent is J a better day for us; we will not forget to join our prayers to theirs on the Tuesday of Rogation, but our collections and spe cial intercession shall be on the day just named. You may perhaps expect me to say something about the so-called Revised Version of the New Testament, which has been published since our last meeting. It was welcomed at first with great ap plause, but that lias a little subsided, and serious questions have been raised as to the ground upon which some of the emendations have been made. That on the whole it has improved the accuracy of the translation, I am persuaded that itj lias also corrected some translations of 1 texts, which some bodies would rather have had left to their possession, as they stood in the old version, is also true. That they have improved the version in its rhythmical character will hardly be said making every allowance for custom and use of hearing. There was a wonder ful rhythm in the old version, not to be found in the new. But I am loth to ap pear as a critic of a work performed by such scholars as the revisers are well known to be, or to class myself even re motely with those who ere the volume had been issued to us more than a few weeks were prepared to pass an opinion j and guide the public mind upon its merits. As to whether in its present form, it will ever supersede or not, the old and fami liar version I am not prepared to express more than a private opinion, that it will not I should deem it highly objection able for anyone upon his own authority to bring in the use of it into our public services ; it is not at all necessary to be done at once. So many of the new read ings are refinements of grammar, not seri ously affecting the sense of the text, and not appealing to the unlearned, while they ! change the familiar sound that I should | not recommend its adoption in our j churches. One improvement is that the quotations from the Old Testament are marked as quotations. Others might ! have been added viz: that such passages as are evidently cast in a rhythmical mould so as to answer to the forms of Hebrew poetry, were printed so as to In dicate their character e.g., Rom. xi., 33-35, and the printing of the personal pronoun where it referred to God the Fa- : ther in capitals and with initial capitals only where it refers to God the Son or God the Holy Ghost, would clear to many readers' minds such passages as I Cor., xv., verses 25.23. We may now, I think, pass on to sub jects of more particular interest to our selves in our own diocese. I am very glad to be able to report that financially the position of the Diocese lias greatly improved. Only two parishes, Bun darra and Glen Lanes, are indebted to the Diocesan Council, the first named .parish for an advance in October 1881, and the latter for an advance made some years ago. All the other parishes which had received advances and not paid their Curates through the Diocesan Council have re funded the advance, and as now none, be sides those parishes just named, are using the money originally advanced by me to tbem, X may fairly ask that it should be returned to me, especially as the last year has been a burdensome one tome, and the iucotne of the See derived from the capi tal Endowment Fund has through change of investments, and from difficulty in find ing safe and profitable interest been very small The Synod Expenses Fund has been paid up I believe by all parishes as also has the Bishop's Residence Rent Fund with the exception of a few pounds. I have again to speak I am sorry to say strongly on the subject of the General Fund. Not a parish in the diocese has contributed an iota to that fund and the consequence Is that on all sides the work i of the Diocese is hindered, where it might have been advanced by help from that fund. We would not complain were we not so constantly reminded of the fact that in any urgent case our Diocese has no fund ever so small to fall back upon. Do we want to increase the number or quality of the bookB in the Church Depots, or to help parishes to form new Depots, do we desire to help a struggling district to build its Church or Parsonage or a place for a Sunday School Do we wish to send someone out to the back parts of the Diooese as a missionary priest. Do we desire to aid a Sunday School with books or to help a youth to an University education, to aid in building a school or fencing and furnishing a parsonage. Do we want to keep a young man preparing for Holy Orders, or after his entry to the Diaconate, to sustain him as a Deacon that he may learn how properly to cele brate the offices of the Church and do the work whereunto he is called, and hopes to reach after that Diaconate, we have but one short and sad answer ; " we have no funds for any such purposes." And that answer comes, not because no provision has been made for such a fund but because tbe clergy have not, some at all, and none systematically and urgently moved their flocks to contribute liberally to such a fund. And I may add that se veral districts received a loan from me on , the understanding that they were to pay not less than £10 a year to the General Fund ; they retained the loan up to a i late date, not only without repayments, bat without any payment whatever to the General Fond. These temporal anxieties as to the Diocese press where they should not, they press upon m Everybody knows that the office of a Bishop of the English Church in the colonies is nei ther a bed of roses nor a sea of luxury, and the financial condition of the Church is often a burden of hourly worry to me. We cannot work without tools and yet we an> Mm""1 --—1" ..v <uc warned sometimes for not doing bo. My brethren I must once more urgently implore you to put this General Fond be fore your people, and my brethren the .laity I do earnestly seek of you a liberal response to this appeal. There are things to be done, needs to be supplied, in this Diocese without which the Church of which you are members will surely lose her hold of many who are of her by birth, by baptism, and by affection. It may be, it can scarcely be otherwise with . some, that they have known what it ^ v M»vnu WUttV ID Wd8 to lire in the olden days of this colony, with the absence of a ministry; that, has by God's mercy, been removed from yon ; have some Christian love for others, ex- , tend, at least lend your help to extending to others the privileges which *-— _ iMtVC extended to you, or which you yourselves pressed by a sense of the need of them, have moved towards obtaining for your self. I am shocked at times when I see the paltry sums that people ofler to God, who are in receipt of ample salaries, and whose expenses are nowise great. What, wonder that Clergy resort to fancy Mrs 1 tothe miserable ple<r ^f — ««wuungiy at the Church less selfishly, let us re member our real brotherhood in Clufet" our oneness in Him, and not as mere worldlings say, "we have ourselves to care for." Let us not say to them that need, "What is that to us, see ve to that" Let me also say something about the | payment of the Clergy in some districts, i It does seem to me a fact nothing short of miserably discreditable to our body, I which, when all dne allowances are made by deductions for those who (are merely and in the strictest sense nominally members of our body (I would they would be earnest one way or the other, for neither hot nor lukewarm but dead and cold, they chill their surround-. ings like icebergs), with I say allowance made for all such everywhere the Church of England is in either a majority or is a very strong body in numbers, and yet there are districts in this Diocese, where many men ot suostance "ve on occasions boast riches: they' on account of the quantity toey yield to , the public revenue, and yet you may see ^ that they have accepted the services of i self-denying, hard-working, earnest, really. ] loving Clergy for years, and what have 1 they provided for a stipend! Under £130 per annum. They think that apostolical simplicity of living is very suitable for the Clergy and they act as if they thought it to be our duty to provide them with a Ministry which they have not zeal enough to sustain. Now under such cir cumstances there is but one course open to me, it is to retrograde, to remove the clergyman and leave the district vacant; it cannot be any injury to such people ; if they wish not to be Church people be cause it is too expensive, we cannot help it: I am prepared to take the responsibi lity of my action before God. As I have had a great deal of trouble at one place in the diocese about the administration of the so called Church Act (8 GuL 4th, No. 5), it may be useful for me to call your at tention to some points connected there with. I believe that many of the Church trusts are in an incomplete state and I think enquiry should be made about them. But I wish the clergy to observe that when a trustee absents himself from the colony of N. S. Wales for a space of more than six months, his Trusteeship is ipso facto vacant, it also becomes vacant by death, by removal by his co- Trustees for his incapacity to act, from lunacy, or distance from the place of his trust over twenty miles as his ordinary residence, ! Such vacancies should be properly filled up as early as possible. Again, you will observe that the vacancy is some- . times created by removal, you are there- i fore not to assume that a Trusteeship not: resigned is vacant. A Trustee may resign, or he may be removed, but until one or the other has happened, there is not a va cancy. When a Trustee resigns, he must account to his co-Trustees for all sums of money at any time received by him in his said trust. When a Trustee has resigned and his resignation has been accepted, or when a Trustee has died, or been removed which has to be done by his co-Trustees, the surviving or continuing Trustees are forthwith to call a meeting of the subscrib ers to the Church or Chapel if it be not com pleted, but if the building be completed they are forthwith to call a meeting of the pew-holders and renters of sittings, giv ing fourteen days notice and they shall; proceed to elect a Trustee, who must be a pew-holder, a member of the Church of £nglaud(which is an utterly undefined qua lification) not known publicly to impugn any of the doctrines of the Church. The proper place for meeting to elect a Trus tee or Trustees is the vestry of the Church, but in defect of that, any other convenient place may be used, but it should, except unavoidably otherwise, not1 be held in a private house. The Clergy 1 will observe that they are not to call meetings for election of new Trustees. I am maructed that by law the Curate (who with us means the Incumbent) of the Pa rish, is ex officio Chairman, and although another opinion has bean given to the contrary, X am persuaded that the first j opinion la correct. Such a meeting is of j the nature of a Vestry meeting, it ia sum moned to elect a Trustee who may be a j Churchwarden and the Trustee is to ba a 1 trustee of property for the parson and the Parish ; but it ib not of any great import ance which be right, and I would advise should any dispute ariBe, that the meeting should elect its own Chairman. Any per son to be nominated as a Trustee must also be seconded, and his name given in full, both surname and Christian name, or j names, and the Chairman must put the nomination to the meeting by voice first, but if questioned, by a show of hands, and as a last resort, I suppose, to a ballot. However, should the Trustees on the oc currence of a vacancy in their body, fail to 1 summon a meeting for the election of a new Trustee within a month of the oc currence of a vacancy, any six of the sub scribers if the Church be not completed or of any six pew- holders and renters of sitters may call a meeting for au election of a Trustee giving fourteen days' notice of time and place, and after any election the name or names and surnames of the newly elected Trustee must be sent to me, to be forwarded to the Governor and Executive Council for approval. Should neither parties procure an election of a Trustee, within one month for the Trus tees, and within another month for thepew holders and renters of sittings, the Bishop ■ has the eppointmeat underliis band and seaL r"v Since our last' meeting' many places have been put under tbe Corporate Trust, bnt I wonld ohserve that, ceteris paribus, cemetery grounds and such places as are for Parochial or Clerical use, are best vested in a body of local trustees. There is so much to be done before Ceme teries can be consecrated, or other lands nade fit for occunation « l"-]—r «uicu & oociy oi I Corporate Trustees cannot attend to ao i well aa a body of Trustees who are on or [ sear the epot. As regards Cemeteries it is also necessary that care abonld be taken, that the portion granted by the Crown to the Chnrcb of £ngiand, should be strictly reserved to our people's use-for the burial of their dead; carelessness about that re servation, when the country was open, and could only by courtesy be called in habited, was eremiaMa • -— *- • , uuw is ib no) so. I mention this because when the time comes for consecration, great diffi culties may arise (they have arisen) as to arranging the fences, and it is poor work squabbling over graves. Let every Ce metery have its rules, and let not any undertaker who chooses to do so break ground when and where he pleases. You i will never get yoor ground into form if I you mrm!t •"-l — _ . g.vauu tuia form if yon permit such usages ; let a fixed area be aasigned, and a charge laid down to be paid for the ground, when persons par chase a family or single grave and the purchase tnoney ahonld be applied to pay for necessary work to keeD th« — ^ «V«UUU){Jf OKter- tt »jaa^ad4*t*es» the often a weedy wilderness, as If "out of flight were out of miodf ana there were no joyful thoughts for a grave In the present state of public education and knowledge of the beautiful in art and architecture, I suppose we must. continue to permit the use in onr ceme teries around graves of those hideous pal ings with corner posts like upturned bed posts, and between palings tipped like a match, with a dab of black.. Designs for | memorials and inscriptions proposed to be 1 placed on them should be submitted to the Curate for Bpproval, and In cases of disagreement most be referred to me. As the greatest number of cemeteries do not come under the 8 Gul 4th No. 5, I am ad vised that the Trustees, the Curate or Incumbent of the Parish, with the Church wardens of each Parish, where a ceme tery exists, had better submit to me the charges which they propose to make, and being approved by me, they can he p"? tared torced. The plan for providing for the widow# of clergy has succeeded very fairly, indeed ithaa proved, lam grateful to say; thstthe Laity are, as was ex P^pte^^ye^ready to help the scheme; ■lp^^|8«st'rehn]ke the apathy and selfish ness df aome of the Clergy, who have chosen boldly to lay the canon aside, and have had no collections whatever in their districts. That exhibits to my mind, to say nothing of the want of loyalty to the Synod, a great want of fellowship and esprit de corps not creditable to them. I have bnt one resource, viz., that in future on the admission or ordination of any priest or deacon to hold a Cure in this Diocese, it must be made a matter of clear understanding that they come into the scheme, and torender that more convenient to all now in the Diocese, the Diocesan Council will present for yonr considera tion a plan for improving the Canon passed at the last Session of the last Synod. It is a noteworthy fact that some of the greatest help to the Fnnd hsB come from parishes of which the curates are not able, or do not need to availj themselves of its provisions, all praise to them for their unselfishness. Tou will : have heard that exercising my powers as Bishop of the Diocese I have divided it' into two Archdeaconries, one to the East and the other to the West, by the names j of the Archdeaconries of Grafton and Ar midale respectively. It is not without much thought that I have done this, and it is with especial reference to the admin istration of the parts of the Diocese which they represent. A canon or ordinance iB in band, bnt will not be presented for your consideration at this Session. It was thonght boat to pontppDo itjcmtilifco I return of the "Venerable Archdeacon Green way, who has gone to England for a few months well earned relaxation. It will be within your memory that a scheme propounded by the then Rev., now Ven. Archdeacon, Greenway, was submitted to your consideration last year, but withdrawn for farther counsel, it be ing left to me to determine what should be proposed to yon. The change of the form of ministration will involve very se rious changes in onr past rules, and will occupy the attention of the Diocesan Council in the ensuing year. I have with sorrow to inform you that the Society for Propagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts has withdrawn even the little help which it had given formerly to this Diocese, thereby making my work more anxious. Doubtless the administrators of that So ciety have felt forced to take that course, but it is a very inequitable one. Dio- j ceses like Melbourne, Adelaide, Sydney, Perth, and Newcastle, have mnch longer, and much more liberally, been helped by the Society thsn our Diocese or the Dio cese of Bathuret has ever been. How ever, let n8 take heart, and ask ourselves whether, after all, in our present circum stances we onght not to be able to sustain our own clergy without looking to home Societies of any kind for help. " No zeal," " Anything bnt zeal," are notsurely to be the rules of the English Chnrch peo ple now-a- days. There was a time when that was so, we know, when "the Chnrch : was well nigh crushed by apathy and worldlinesB, bnt she has a germ and fount of life in her bocd of nnion with her Lord, ( and that germ has sprung np Phoenix-like to a new life ; let ns nourish it and foster it, and we shall see her steady growth in spite of opposition and coldness within and withont her pale. Hie attendance at this Synod is scanty. I have excused many of the clergy from attendance on account of the necessarily short notice -which they have had, bnt I do not intend to do so always, nor is it proper that any of the clergy of the Diocese should be so discourteous to their brethren, and to their Bishop, to make so little account of their Synod and ttB work, as to absent themselves from it without one word of reference to their duty to come, unless they be reasonably hindered. Be it borne in mind that the Synod is not summoned except when in .the opinion of the Dioce e&n; Council or our own Canon it is ren dered necessary. I speak of attendance at Synod as a duty, and in that, as iu other cases, we may be sure that if the laity see ns slack, they will be slacker. Synod work is the work of the Diocese, and, as we should make it a rule to attend on the public or greater good before we regarded the private good, the interest of the whole body before that of its sepa rate members ; so in this case the present needs of a parish are to be for a time put aside for the more important interests of the whole body. The labour of attending is, I know, very often great, but is surely not without profit to ouraouls.Some Bay think tlu| their counsels we of no accoutt, but a vote in e 'Christilbv Synod, evaj though it.be a silent vole, would, we must hope, indicate st least as moch as this, that a judgment has been formed. It will be part of onr duty during this Session to appoint two lay and two clerical j members to attend at the Provincial j >ynod, sltboBoti '« * puibv isw 811 may attend, but we bad muclr better select thoBe who certainly will if possible^ at tend ihatSynodwbichwill nolonger be a Provincial Synod merely in name, but. in reality. - And, as for all that we can tell, circumstances may arise to require the summoning of the Genera! Synod ere ours expires by efflux of time. It will be needful to elect two lay and two clerics! members to attend tbat Synod should it ie so called together. Aod now. mv i W»*.lww T 1 mww) toy l urethral, I have only to add that toy earnest prayer is that our deliberations at this Session may be marked as (blessed be God therefor) they bare ever hitherto been, by that tone charity whichio jodg ing what is said or done .here, thinketh < no evil is not easily provoked, hbpeth ell j things, believeth all thlnss. sniiiwH1 •" ' ih: -Amen. 