A THEATRICAL COMPANY IN A FIX Edwin Booth's company left New York recently for Waterbury, with the intention of playing "Richelieu" in the evening, but lost th<-:ir baggogp, • comprising their wardrobe -and properties, on the way. What was to be doner? At lulf- ptstT tiie theatre was crowded. Punctually to time the curtain was raised, disclosing to the astonished audience Mr Booth and the entire company in their ordinary travelling dress. Mr Booth' appealed to. the • audience apologetically, stated briefly the situation, and offered, . instead of "Richelieu," to getthrongh the first three acts of " Ham'et," if they would overloik the " trflnj" inaccuracies of cottume. The applause w! h which this little speech was reserved testified to the good temper of the audience, and in a few minutes the play began. Horatio appeared in the first scene in a monkey-jacket and round felt hat. while Hamlet, iń a cutaway coat, apostrophising his father's ghost, who was clad in light tweed trousers aud stand-up collar, with a bold face, WAS something to remember. Miss Bella Pateroan, as Ophtlis, appeared ir a dark-brown travelling diess, embellished at the fast moment with a' cloud of .vhite lace purchased at a nrighbruring store. Laertes wore a light blue pilot suit, and looked ui' T» like"the captain of a river t-teamer, while PolohiuB looked eminently clerical in black frock-ceat.imd, [for lack of the necesćery requisites, appeared without his traditional iicard. . Toere was no p ssitiility of "making up"'for the p.irls, and the King of Denmark, with a dark mobstache, and clad in a forty-dollar sporiing suit, looked like Bob Sackett, more -on the spive than ever. -The evening's ent?rfciuiiTnent coucludedwith^The Quiet Family," in which the Bx>yal Court óf D >J.raaik again appeared. , nndrr other ri times, bu t i n ±h e spme crista tnes. From the applause 5th which the, euterlHinmćnt wa^ received/it "was" cvidtmt that the audience did hot skare łhe dittrets of: thesctors placed.sosunexpectedly ina position both embarrassing -and novel. TJtry few comparatively Beted for the left'ihetown ń3itr by».thousand dollars,' 'W ? 