Local News The residents and landholders of Beaconsfield says the Age, met on Friday, at Messrs Byrne and Vale's room, Collins Street East to consider an offer made by Mr Knight to de- vote an acre of land for the benefit of the dis- trict to be used for church, school, and other purposes. Mr Brind was voted to the chair and the question was put that the offer of Mr Knight be accepted which was carried unaminously. The impassable state of the road was also a subject brought under consi- deration at the meeting, and the chairman was requested to forward a letter to the Ber- wick Shire Council pointing out to them the immediate necessity of having the road repaired and metalled. A number of farmers resident in South Australia are desirous of removing to another colony, where the land laws are less restric- tive, and where their labours would be re- warded with more lucrative results. Mr. While, J.P., of South Australia, is now on a visit to this colony in their interest. He had an interview with the Minister of', Lands whom he informed that fully 1000 farmers were prepared to come over to Victoria if suitable land could be pointed out for settlement. Mr Madden in formed' linm lit l?itlheWitmev dimn stl'ct, ijfar Liwloit, there wiioinome land suitable ri'biiettin'it, and that everal farnmlrs fr6m the south-eastern portin-ef- South Australin cre ittNifthere.:" Mr White :illtvisit the disjrict t et .ee . '' Ai ? sees.fuil meeting of the V.A.T-.C.wua licld oil Surday 'hst:at . Caulnleld The weatihr being tlutirull' fine, there iri a very larg -attendance, inludng . his E. - dellency and suite. -Business opened with lie 'Spling Sltkeslli hieh tell to ife. D. S. llacyi,, pfre,. Cllyi na'' Ii ' LTcturer, rith King of the Foret.second, 'and oonon hild. ' Thellulrdl Race, asing toa misttak ade by the rider of Merry'nMaid, waq shorn of aich of.its ii.lerrat, though the victory of Ihe favourite, Rhesus, whol is own'd by : |,opulanr sporltnism, was received with icaI tiqn. ThJ Amateur Challenge Cup ro digeJoS diist owliditoL diti hlo rame inl first, haing gone iside a pot the stakes were awafth d-t G lowlight. The )Ghost p'erfotmed .morekindlh than usual irunl lie.pile, Scipij.bailgna plocr third. The Grand Salional Steeplechnae wat one of thI bIest smii' ragices trCe i iCei, the' innies ing Ite Ihllarat horse,.Left Bower, who won withl,ut an elfort from Chrysalis, whe was send, idlh*' JVli" ?c ndal third. Mr. \l. Glas$edck. adlid'liinother to. the' many cups he has won by successfully steering Don Quizota to 'ieory in the AnmateurFlat Race; FISslhbu :Miiing.ccTit,.tt,4;JiBri!ishl a~io, third. In the Legislaive Assembly on.Thursday it iwas prpooed o vor' V1000 ifor plauting i?tlet'-rei-'"alongf the railway lined.-,/om exCe\toll wkatan 'tof 'the proposlt. a.nd in ltheooq~zaraf lti tcVoit'e MrJ'.Vlloeiet, 31.L,.t. I poe a followsa.-i;u e cs »strongln ifa r f wattle trees being plantrd along the railway reserves. ,Tbh.t treet would nut only bring money into theo R i?'iL epartint, but ib4 would show the colonists that their ,rowth wa very pro talt , Mlebelirted'tlii n three or four ryars"time the trees planted long the Colac litne -wouldirbaiUisTeiglor iine times t an' ra ZM? iry expended up he S coineed .a he of this Ltltu3ic" pre \ivre I E ernmeuntI.' for them at the present time. ho; we do so tirc dsranger, I use it was well-established fat- that.thtey were one of irgui,4~. It Zprlti~~c~o~lein [.. The wattle -as n crergreen, and its poisonous character je ented grass ftitro g-wing in its neighbor Icn .aTSiiv t f ie tl t' ag^r e ' In a firw ahis th'd AitAilin' ElCteric Light lan lf it' Io lliup in lelbourne the ~oyill Yioctyri.and Eastern Arcades, in addition to-Lho Eastern Market, Iasd siLlxlsipsp.will be placed on, the,south.o( ourlocebtorciqbetween lilsibsth ansd8tophen si'eJts. SeririltFrndows' ii'thebarcades will il.o he illuminsted by ineandeacent laips. so that -ih gCiieriaiblicw wilr ofiffoeded an opportunity forl jiudng- !f ;the practical utility of electricity. As the time appltthl5r for the elections district, qesa-idnt are ginrnnng 1ti9 an Iouneo- their .*i'fe|niliol t'holiciting the suffig*gd f:Uthe7ori? nLast.weektho e hot.) Ct,'S ,t O?j?'ij' tilii btlied, ntits'desi?d toolx elected to seat foFtle SlMbourne province. r Erpi^ . tne<tg in4 ti yf o ""same.esrst'Aztue ;ies.Neither gentlem11?an his, as yet, pý.4LAU .-.hgti, arJitem~in Uf th. Driniue.~poon which le grounds his hopes of "eTiig-elIceiai, nd th -eI-lr's-a-e iinii-oul-y ! waitqlg q jf yrlltt T Thp dh tr*e is large, as it extends as far north as the southern boun.rl o r ijut c i ck, and in eluades Fawkner Park in the south. 'frit iof idatarlltletheiel :ahllltil being made between th hFlinth tlctet and Prince's bridge stations 'bJI~ ..-lurray, telegraph SyrsIt Wl.. yore td l ?,1"l.lr a "ut i.t...ds ,. ..io..ncr . UiB • i,, .i. >£Bbl,,,iiii,' do duty for ten separate wires. The aile itself, as eretedi »pap¶t a ranstoseltreet in a perfectly straight line, and is by no means uinsilhlly, phile itEcodhsIa~ynZiSsilnsh.o? two of space instead of 12ft or 15ft as in the caie of 10 single wires, whlih must be each Ift or Iftt inches apart. - One end of the o6rialcsble rests on theledgq in front of .the fieh~nhrhirlCtiTilbig, the- thi6ir-'endl- e ing secured o * ~sple near the Prinee'-abrndge statidn. A sloiu half iich wire supports the wevig$hto the ;te opper pnduecting pl irel which are coiled spirally around. The con ducting wires ire ocourse carefully insulated, and the whole is cobierd with tape and pilsthd iith'stli ite pint. ' The 'cblio was tid~icd to tit poiitiosii on Weadnesdajy ifer noon by a gang f workmen under Mr Murraj's superintendance. The main road through the Dandenong township is not in a very creditable condition st ow, and in the imniediate vicinity of the bridge is very bad. The new metal is so rough that traffic has deverted it and the sides are cut up very much ; so much so that foot- passengers find it difficult to wade through, the mire. The services of the day laborer in blinding the metal and repairing the sideways would be very desirable. It will be learned with regret by residents of Dandenong, that the present station-master Mr Kossyn, is about to be transferred to another station. This probably is in agreed with the department exigencies ; but very often the changes are made seem to be unnecessarily frequency. Mr. Rossyn goes to Broadford, and is to be succeeded by Mr Judd. b hold over art of our tdornington correspondenee until next we. A meeting is to be held at Cranboorne on Saturday next, to decide upon the most suit able site for a railway station in connection .On Wednesda·J.last.?t~iLkeys, 3.L.A' presented a strong petition from Dandenong ?in supportof tho-DaUmn ong .to..Ferntree GOullyrailway, and r setting forth f adintsi'gei'oi the line were taken chage' of by Mr Gibb, 3.L,A., for'distribut:on among hon. members. The improvements in. the Dandenong Park pre being, proceeded with, and, judging by whatinh:be'observed at the present stage, the appearance of the park will be greatly im proved by the alterations when completed' A ploughing match is to-be held at Cmn bournieon Thursday,"?eptember 7th,' when prizes amounting to over. £60 will be offered foricompetition. The Spring parn4 of,the hMornington Farmers' Society is toei held on the same day. An advetiseinent' appears eleewhers., i ;-(i t "" ; .i."! '! We regret to have to announce the death of Mr William H. Chaundy, of Mulgrave, who died on the 18th instant. The event was followed by the remarkable circumstance of the death of Mrs Chaundy the day after. The remains of both were interred in the Oakleigh Cemetery on Sunday. Mr Chaundy was well known and respected, and was Secretary to the local A.O.F. lodge, and an enthusiastic supporter of the English Church at Wellington. He was a very old resident and a large concourse, of people paid a last tribute to the memory of the deceased and his wife on the occasion of the funeral. At the last monthly meeting of the board of management of the Homeopathic hospital the Bazaar Cocemittee handed in £1,262 18. -kl. as the result of the late bazar,i and re ported thatlittere.rould ~bt-wsmeffurther sums to come in, .making the total over £1, 300\. It was resolved that all lady stall holders, and Messrs Croft, Diekine, and Jarrett, be made life governors, and that letters of thanks be sent to all the musical artiits and lady and gentleman assistants. 