IN THE BUSH. "lam bnta snapper- up of unconsidered trifles." — S BAKES? EARS. I note that an enterprising Yankee has lately been perambulating the district in -the cause of temperance, and farther ing his cause by exposing the adulters- tisns to which various liquors are sub jected. For instance, he exhibits specimens of so-called port wine, and Ehows how, by certain chemical tests, he precipitates the logwood which is the chief component of this favorite old Lusitanian wine. Well, this is all very good, but to me it seems very much like " teaching your grandmother to Euck eggs." We all know perfectly well that both food and drink have been adulterated by knavish dealers in all ages, and when a travelling lecturer informs us that port wine is principally derived from logwood and brandy, sherry from silent spirit and burnt sugar, brandy from potatoes, and gin from juniper berries fortified with vitriol, we feel incline to exclaim' with Horatis, " It wants no ghost, my lord, come from the grave to tell us this !" Anyone of average intellect is aware that Portugal couid sappiy but a minimum of the port wine of commerce, and that the bulk of so-called champagne is but the product of the gooseberry, as the Emperor of all the Ruesias has an agent to bny up the original vintaga for his own consumption. Why cnuld not. the lecturer enlighten his audience as to the composition of the favorite iee total drinks, and tell them how ginger- wine is merely prool-fpu'it flavored wi'ti essenee of ginger, and so forth. A. Melbourne journal some ten or twelve years ago pur chased sundry of these haimless refresh ments, and, on analysis, the resul s were rath- r startling. Fancy one favorite non-intoxicant containing 40 per cent, of bad rum. After this we can believe the excuse of the inebriate who informed his wife the next morning that " it was'nt the, wine it was the pickled salmon, that did it." Anyway, we can avoid all these dreadful incitements to delirium tremens by abjuring them altogether, and confining ourselves to Adam's ale ; but. h«w about food ? Where shall we find protection from the arts of the adulterator ? It is not loag since that I revealed the mysterUs of pork-pies and sausages, and now I pick up some more little trifles in the way of abominations. We have be come nearly accustomed to hear of butter and cheese being produced from Oleomargarine, and iu such perfectioa that an expert cannot detect the snbsti- fotion. So far, so good. " What the eye don't see, the heart don't grieve at ;" but I think it is carrying ingenuity Father loo far to extract oleomargarine from the mortal remains of dead cats, as J read is customary in Kngland. As fhne : Every dustbin, on being cleared, generally contains a dead cat, and as there are are some thousands of dust bins in London, it follows that they pro duce some tons of dead cats ; and as Bhesa eats contain 6ome hundredweights Df fat, they are disposed of to the makers of the new compound. This is bad plough ; but, as the immortal bard says, worse remains behind." We have been accustomed to look upou dead feorseB as valueless; except for their hides Sad hoofs. Yaiu conceit. A knacker, giving evidence, telis ns that these Slaughtered veterans have a further ®alue ; that " the best sorts are sold aB eatsmeat, and the rest spiced and sea soned for sale in London as sausages and Baveloye." I have often indulged iu these delicacies in my youth, and en joyed them. I have no doubt, also, that the British aversion to horseflesh is BSarely prejudice, inasmuch as it is Openly vended and consumed on the Continent with avidity : but still we would prefer them presented in their trua shape, Bad not under the disguise of beef or HfiUon. As Sam Weller says, long ago, "It's the seasoning as does it." I might discourse for some hours on Ihese sophistications of honest food, how milk is adulterated with chalk, Water, calves' brains and other more objectionable mixtures; how fine "dairy- fed" pork is fattened on the offal of EJaughier-yards ; and how veal and other meats are " blown" by butchers, to Bmulate plumpness ; but the list would B&retch; until the crack of doom, and is loo unsavory a subject to revel iB. What We want is a stringent supervision of all Wficles of food and drink, and a whole some severity in the punishment of dealers who accumulate profits with a Sgckless disregard of the health of those fisy plunder. iq Tarkey, if a baker is detected using false weights, they used So nail him by the ear to his own door post, considerately providing him with a knife to cut himself loose when tired of Ms exposure ; and one unfortunate was actually thrown into his own oven for supplying bread of inferior quality. We tan hardly go to these lengths in our highly-civilised condition, but at least 5?e can hold these impostors up to public execration, as was done some years ago, hj the London " Lancet," which adopted the plan of purchasing articles 2? food at various shops, and publishing She reEult of their analysis with the name Sod address of the vendors. Could not some of our enterprising journalists take A hint, and do likewise ? It would cause A flutter among some of our honest tradesmen, you may be well assured. - And while I ain upon the subject of food, I must confess I am rather puzzled te account for the remarkable variation » the price of beef at the present time. Hie batchers continually impress upon ss that fat cattle are at a premium, oqing tft the diought, and must continue so for Mme time ; also that cattle in Melbourne fetch over £2 per 100 lbs in their skins, Ifothat they are really Belling without and, I suppose, " living on the loss" Iff supplying us at the moderate priee of Hand 6d per lb retail ; and I even hear of 9d and Is being paid in Melbourne for prime joints. Yet a little bird whispers to me that good beef is being retailed in Albnry at £1 per hundred, and that i can be obtained at a slight advance on that price not a dozen miles from Beech- worth ! A glance at the Chiltern paper will show that beef is not very scarce in that favored town. And more surpris ing than all, we find that ' our beef and mutton can be frozen, exported sixteen thousand miles and sold in London for 6d and 4£d respectively, being less than what we are . paying for it here. I wonder how that esterprising trdesman is getting on who contracted to supply beef and mutton to Her Majesty's Gaol at Beechworth for. 2£d per lb. Or was it 2£d ? Is he making his everlasting pile, or will he figure as a victim of misplaced confidence in that ever-recurring weekly list of " New Insolvents?" I trust not. His patriotism deserves a better fate. The same astonishing anomaly pre vails in the old country. I cnll this from an English paper : " The British Union is supplied with bread at 4£d the quartern loaf; beef, mutton and pork 6f d per lb ; suet, 4£d per lb ; while private householders have to pay at least 50 per cent more, or half as much again." Of course they do, or where would the profit come in ? It is a won derful thing, this supply by contract ; in fact, as Lord Dundreary says, " It's a thing no faller can understand." BILLY NUTTS. 