GHOST OF THE LATE EM PEROR OF RUSSIA. A story is going about St. Petersburg, and indued all over Russia to the regular appear ance every night at 11 o'olock, m tho Cathe dral of Kazan, in St. Petersburg, of the late Emperor. This is the most popular and current version of the story: — Ono night after closing the cathedral, the man ou service there peroeiyed a figure in general's uniform kneeling near tne aiior. opposing ic to db some belated person, who absorbed in prayer had forgotten to go out in timo, he approauhod to speak to him, but the figure immediately disappeared. The next night the same thing was repeated, and one of the priests, ap proaching, recognised the late Emporor iu full uniform and looking much as he had looked some timo beforo his death. The priest went to the archbishop, who enmo and bbw tho same. The arohbishop went to the metropolitan, who, opening tho alter gates, camo forward with, the cross, and addressing the figure, said, ' Your majesty what is your will? To him alone the apparition auswored ' I am praying for Eussia.' Whoreupon tho metropolitan is said to'have fallen down iu a fit. Whether this be a triok of the orthodox Church' to reanimate the enthusiasm of the people for their Czars and to awaken ' their religious'faitb, or whether it bo tho materiali sation of a spirit as taught by Messrs; Crooks Boutleroff, Warner, and others is .1 question rliilicult to decide. It scorns, however, that tho fact of tho appcaranco of the gnro during ten consccutivo nights is corroborated by too f»ood testimony to be doubted and it would be difficult to find a person willing to take upon himself the responsibility of such a profana tion. Few persons, howevor, among th« in telligent public, boliove it to bo anything but n hoax, but tho common people fully believe in the reality of tho apparition, and wouldbe ready to illtreat auyono bold enough to cast ; a doubt on it. Sundry stories ciroulate as to a Nihilist having been caught, others say a thief who had an eyo on tho precious stones which surrounded eome of the images ; but all this is nonsense. At all events, if the church hqs intended to produce some effect by circulating the fact of the apparition, it has fully sneceeded. Of course this event has caused all the spiritualists and spirits in the empire to rejoice and triumph. Many circles are formed to evoke the spirit of the Emperor, and spiritualism with all its differont manifestations is again sur Ic lapis. Ono of tho St. Petersburg judges of peace, a Mr Strumila, has just printed a book, en titled ' What is spiritism ?' the first edition of which was sold in a few days. — English Paper. 