Tubsdat. Mat 2. [Before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut.l James Barker, William Hicks, Wm. F&rsyth;, Otto DuBarry, and Bentham Painter Mori son, were charged with conspiring to defraud the Australian Alliance Assurance Company. The Hon. C. Mann, Q.C. (Crown Solicitor), with Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., and Mr. Moore for the prosecution; Mr. Pater, with Mr. LAnklater. for Barker : Mr. Degenhardt for DuBarry ; Mr. EL E. Downer, with Mr. C. C. Kingston, for Dr. Morison. Mr. Downer said before the case was called on Le Lad to ask for a post ponement of the trial, on the grounds mentioned in an affidavit by Mr. H. W. Varley. The affidavit referred to the verbatim reports of the trial published in the daily papers, as well as to paragraphs which were given highly prejudicial to the defen dants, while pictures of the defendants had been given in the illustrated papers. The affidavit also contained extracts from articles which were quoted, with the view of showing that they were likely to pre judice the public mind; and these, with the inflamed state of the public mind, would prevent the prisoners from Laving a fair trial at the present sittings. Apart from this it was represented that the pre sent charge was intimately connected with the others, that the jury was composed of residents either in the city or the suburbs, and that some of the members of the jury Lad been in court during tLe previous trial. Mr. Downer cited in support of his application the case of Regina v. Bolaa, reported in 2 Moody & Robinson, p. 192, which was a case in whioh the grand jury had found a true bill against the prisoner for murder, and Le being brought up to plead, applied to Lave the case adjourned till the next assizes. An affidavit was put in showing the excitement against the prisoner at the coroner's inquest ; that the local news papers published all tLe evidence given on that occasion, and Lad from week to week contained paragrapLs Lighly prejudicial to the prisoner. Baron Parke in giving judgment in favor of the application had characterised the application as novel, and said that the case could not be regarded as a precedent. The affidavit, according to the learned baron, disclosed facts which satisfied him that the piisoner could hardly be expected to have a fair trial at those assizes. The publication of the evidence given before the coroner was in itself highly improper, and could have been made the ground for an indictment against the publisher ; while the baron went on to say that what weighed with him was that if the case were tried at once, owing to the way in whicL juries were made up, it might be_ tried before persons living in the midst of this excitement, whereas if it were postponed jurors might be drawn from a_ distance. Baron Aldcrson con curred in this judgment, and the trial was postponed. Mr. Downer went on to say that the newspapers had from time to time been publishing every detail of the case, for the purpose of giving information which must have had the effect of exciting the public mind. Then the paragraphs which had been given clearly had reference not only to the past but to the future. Weatherhead was termed 'a living ghost whom no coctor should have passed,' and this was evidently pronouncing an opinion upon some of the de fendants, and would tend to create an un favorable impression in the minds of the jury. The term '* gigantic swindle' was also used, and the defendants were spoken of as members of a 'gang.' It was almost im possible to separate the two cases. The evi dence in one applied to the other, the same witnesses would be examined, and a jury ?who had been in court and had heard the whole of tLese things from first to hist would sit in the present trial. Inasmuch as the province of the English law was to assume every man innocent until he was found to be guilty, Low was it possible for the jury not to be in some way influenced or biassed by the statements made in the news papers referring to this particular case. Mr. Pater said on behalf of Barker he had no desire to offer any difficulty in the way of a postponement of the trial, but with a view of showing Low strong was the feeling against the defendants he might say that in the pantomime at the Theatre the actors could not refrain from alluding to the present investigations, a proceeding he ventured to characterise as highly improper. If his learned friend assured the court that it would be impossible for his client to Lave a fair trial he (Mr. Pater) would not be doing his duty to Lis client if Le opposed tLe application. Barker Lad been convicted, and Le appreLended tLe sentence would run from tLe first day of the sittings, so that no injustice would be done to Lim by a postpone ment. Mr. DegenLardt said on behalf of DuBarry that he did not think anything which had appeared in the newspapers was likely to prejudice him in tLe minds of tLe jury. TLat being the case he neither sup ported nor objected to the application. He was quite willing that the case should go on. The Crown Solicitor honed the order urnnlri not be made. The case quoted by his learned friend was tLe only solitary instance in which such an application had been made, and Baron Parke Lad stated that the case was not to be regarded as a precedent. The two cases in :point~ were entirely different. One was a trial for murder, and before the trial the newspapers had called the accused a murderer, and there was no doubt Jthat the public mind had been inflamed.- With regard to the present trial it was true that th evidence in the Police Court had been pub- I lished in tbe newspapers, but the paper-j Lad ! been very properly reticent on some matters, j and not a single expression of opinion ha-i Iseen given until the verdict of the jury pro Dounced on Friday last. Then could it be for one moment assumed tbit the statements in the articles would weigh with a jury more than tlie solemn verdict of twelve men who had tried the previous case ? There was no im propriety in the publication of the articles because the writers had carefully abstained from commenting on the trial until after the verdict had been given. Barker and DuBarry did not wish for a postponement o£ the trial, and with regard to Mori»on he pointed out that not a single word had been said in tlie newspapers which could in the least degree he calculated to prejudice the doctor's case. The members of a jury whose services were required in another case were perfectly en titled to remain in court during the hearing of the first case, and surely wheu they heard the Mimming up of the judge and the verdiut that was returned, these things would carry greater ?weight than any comments made in a newspaper. If the trial of this case were postponed, that in which the defendants were charged with conspiring to defraud the Colo nial Mutual office would also have to be post poned, and the great expense to which the prosecution had already been put would be considerably augmented. The grounds for the application, and the mode in which it was made, deserved some closer consideration. A young gentleman of the name of Varley stated that in his opinion, the public mind had been inflamed and prejudiced, and that Dr. Morison could not have a fair trial. He did not know whether this was the gentleman who made himself active in the other case. He supposed he was a clerk in Mr. Downer's office, and in a case of such importance he thought greater respect would have been shown to the court if one of the principals engaged in the defence of Dr. Horton bad made the affidavit. He under stood Mr. Varley had only recently returned from Melbourne, and he was little likely to know whether the public mind was inflamed or not. He Lad every confidence that the defendants would have a fair trial, and a postponement — according to the case quoted, which it was admitted was exceptional and not to be regarded as a precedent— could only be granted if the public excitement were such as to lead to a reasonable supposition tLat the jury would be deterred from returning a con scientious verdict. Mr. Downer replied, and pointed out that references were made in the newspapers to the policy of £5,000 in the Australian Alliance Company, while other things were mentioned pointing to Dr. Morison. He stated that Mr. Varley was one of the attorneys in this case, and it could surely be no disrespect to the court when a gentleman who was a practi tioner of the court made an affidavit. His Honor said one of the arguments used by the Crown Solicitor was that if the trial were postponed a large amount of expense would have been incurred, but that did not weigh with him, as the expense incurred in the other case had already had its effect. The application was made on behalf of Morison. TLe other defendants (DuBarry and Barker) did not look seriously upon this matter. Then tLe Crown Solicitor Lad properly pointed out that in a case of such importance the affidavit ought to be made by the attorney in the case, and not a managing clerk, but that would not weigh witL Lim if he tLought Morison's case Lad been prejudiced. If he felt that the prisoner could not have a fair trial at the present sessions he would postpone the trial, but Le was bound to say that he could not honestly .believe that Morison would not have a fair trial. He did not know the circumstances of the pictures re ferred to, but it* was undoubtedly to be regretted that they had appeared. He was bound to say that the able writers of the articles in the newspapers might have been a little more particular, and have excluded from the public even the slightest reference to Morison, but he noticed that Morison's name had not been mentioned in any of the articles. Taking all things into considera tion, Le was so satisfied that nothing which had transpired would prejudice tLe case of Dr. Morison tLat the trial must continue. Mr. Downer intimated that he might find it necessary to challenge some of the jury men. Mr. Pater, on behalf of his client, asked that Barker might now Lave liberty to plead autre/ois convict, and if His Honor should prefer to follow the old practice he would Land in tLe plea written on parchment. The plea was accordingly handed in. The Crown Solicitor said it would be im impossible now to go on with the plea of not guilty. Mr. Pater said the meaning of the plea was that Barker had now been put upon his trial for the same transaction as that which had so long occupied the attention of the court, and for which he Lad been found guilty. The Crown Solicitor said the plea of not guilty must be taken off the record, and they must try the plea of autrefois convict. The plea of not guilty was accordingly withdrawn, and that of autrefois convict sub stituted. His Honor said if the Crown joined issue on this there must be a preliminary trial, and it must go to the jury. Now that the plea was in he must be careful not to say' any- thing, but it was a nice point. The Crown Solicitor remarked that the point Lad not escaped the notice of the prose cution. His Honor suggested that he should reserve a special case. Mr. Pater was agreeable to that course being followed. There were three courses open to the Crown — to traverse the plea, to confess, or to abandon the prosecution, as the Crown Solicitor seemed to have done. The Crown Solicitor said he certainly never said that he intended to abandon the prose cution, as he held that there were three eases of conspiracy. After further argument His Honor said this was a pure question oE law. Of course if the present offence were amalgamated with the other oifence then Mr. Pater would be entitled to a verdict of not guilty on behalf of Lis client on this charge. He would reserve Mr. Pater a special cass as the point was one of great importance. Mr. Pater said so satisfied was he with that assurance that he should not take any further part in the trial. The whole of the evidence showed that the charges could not be regarded as separate offences. THs Honor remarked that'he would reserve a case as to -whether he should on the evi dence of Hicks and the evidence generally direct a verdict for the defendant on the plea of autrefois convict. Mr. Pater — I am sure that it will not be thought I am offering any disrespect to the court when I say that I no longer appear iu this case. His Honor — Certainly not. TLe Crown Solicitor^— I don't propose to offer any evidence against Hicks, and I ask that a verdict of not guilty may be returned with respect to him. This was accordingly done. All witnesses were ordered out of court with the exception of Mr. Gwynne, whom it was intimated might be called. All jurymen not concerned in this case were released from attendance at the court until Thursday morning. The Crown Solicitor then proceeded to address the jury. He explained very fully what would constitute a conspiracy, and reviewed the evidence at some length to sLow that Le would be able to prove, apart from the statements of Hicks, the implication of Dr. Morison in the conspiracy. Theexaminationof Weatherhead by thedoctor at Dorsetta-terrace was adverted to, and the subsequent proceedings between himself and Hicks leading up to the signing of the medical report relatiye to Weather head by the doctor were mentioned, and Mr. Mann pointed out that whether Morison, who had given the report, had pre viously made an examination of Weather Lead or not was immaterial. It was suffi cient that he had signed the report, and no matter what his line of de fence might be it would be shown that he had signed a false report, knowing it to be false. _ Hicks would prove that Morison had received £25 for making his report, and his evidence could be corro borated by them to a certain extent. They would show that the cheque for £23 was cashed at Bickford's hotel at Glenelg ; tLat Mr. Bickford had given as part of the change his own cheque for £17, and that cheque had been cashed by Dr. Morison. The case against DuBarry was altogetLer different, but none the less con clusive. It was found necessary by the chief conspirators in the matter to get some one to take over Weatherhead's policy for £5,003, and they selected DuBarry, who was then Forsyth's partner at Orroroo. DuBarry Lad admitted in tLe Police Court, very un willingly, tLat he Lad allowed Forsyth to use Lis own name, but said that he got no con sideration for doing so. Now the prosecu tion would show that DuBarry had received a cheque for £25 upon the joint account o£ Barker and Forsyth. His Honor— Have you anything more than that against DuBarry ? TLe Crown Solicitor— Oh, yes ! We have a lot of telegrams passing between DuBarry and Forsyth. The first of these is from Forsyth, of Orroroo, to Barker, at the Gresham Hotel, and dated September 30, to the following effect : — ' Made right Barry; try Colonist. Form re turned. Exchange correspondence. Attend transfer. Exercise care. Return about Wednesday.' Next was one from DuBarry to Baiker, dated October 1: — 'Will buy Colonist. Exchange correspondence. See to transfer at once. Forsjth explained matters to me.' The word ' colonist'' was evidently intended for ' colonial.' Then on Februaiy 7 — and- the jury mast ' remember that Weatherhead bad died en January 22. and enquiries wore being made in Mc-Itourne— DuBarry wired to For srih :— ' Will be at Orroroo all day. (Mr. Dowi t-r — ' Cliops and tomato sauce.') Has aiijrl;jng cl.-e turned up.' He (the Crown Solicitor) thought that when they found that BuUarrr and Forsyth were j.artners, and tbat DuBarry had accepted a cheque ff-r £25 from Barker and Forsyth, th---y might ask the jury to say that thos« circum stances, coupled with the fact of the insur ance policy having been made over to DuBarry, brought home to him the guilt of having Ijetn concerned in the conspiracy. Algernon Sydney Clark, agent in Adelaide for the Australian Alliance Company, pro duced an apj,-]ication for a policy of insurance f-'_r £5,000, purporting to be signed by David Wealberbtbd, and tv/o friends' reports pur poningr to be signed respectively by de fendants Barker and Forsyth. Dr. Morison was the medical referee. [The personal state ment and the medical report were here produced.] The doctor received £1 Is. as his fee and gave the receipt, produced, dated December 2L There wm an agent's report on the proposal signed Win. Hicks. FrieBds' report from Daniel Ferguson and J. Landvoght were produced.] The proposal was accepted and the policy issued. Witness said further — Received the following letter from Dr. Morison in answer to a communication from our office — ' Glenelg, February 8, 1S82. Dear Sir— Re- ceived your letter with respect to Hicks. I Lave no idea where he is, as I have not seen or heard of him for months. The last time I saw him he told me he had left the Mutual Insurance Company and was going to Mel bourne to study. If I hear of him I will send you his address. His father lives somewhere at Norwood ? ' By Mr. Kingston— I signed the informa tion in the court below, and have given in structions for this prosecution. I have known Hicks since receiving the proposal for the in surance of Weatherhead's life. I have not formed a high opinion of him, but one quite the reverse. I am not sure whether I would ' believe him on his oath; it would depend upon what he said. I recognise him as one of the prime movers in this conspiracy. I don't thick I have expressed a wiah to ruin the doctors. My desire was to bring all those who were guilty to justice. I was ad vised that without the assistance of Hicks a conviction against the doctors was doubtful. Hicks received a commission on Weather head's policy, and our firm also received one. The fee is payable to the doctor whether the proposal is accepted or not. It. is paid for the examination. 1 am not aware of Laving any valuable statistics as to mortality. I don't know much about this subject. I have no knowledge of mortality tables nor of the percentage of deaths froia consumption within a short time of the issuing of policies. I think the conversation I had with Dr. Morison about Hicks took place_ a day or two after the first case was Leard in the Police Court. On second thoughts I think it must have been before this time. We attach con siderable importance to friends' reports, and the company would be guided to a consider able extent by what had been done by other re spectable companies. I know of a case in which a life has been accepted by our office and re jected by others. My own life was accepted -y our office, and rejected by other offices. Dr. Charles Clark examined me for our office, Dr. Moore for the Royal, and Dr. Gossefor the Colonial Mutual. I was re jected by the two latter companies. Believe Hicks's father is living at Norwood. By Mr. Degenhardt — I do not know DaBarry except in connection with this case. I had a communication which professed to come from DuBarry through his solicitor of the notice of the death of Weatherhead. He has never paid any premiums. Re-examined — We attach importance to tLe doctor's report. We certainly would not accept a proposal for insurance on the friends' report without a satisfactory doctor's report. Hicks received his commission as broker ; ours was received as agents. I saw Hicks somewhere between October 11 and 14 ?with reference to the completion of the policy. He professed to have had a telegram from the Burra indicating that if the life were not accepted it might go off, or words to that effect. I replied that the matter waa awaiting a decision in Melbourne, and Hicks replied ' Oh, -well let it go on,' or something like that. I think the same day we either wired or wrote to Melbourne. By Mr. Kingston — I saw a paper in Hicks's hand. I understood from Hicks that the pro poser did not want the policy to proceed. I also appreciated the fact that my commission was in danger, and that fact induced subse quent and immediate action on my part, t cannot sav the result of that, antion was the saving of my commission. I don't think I said to Hicks that I would re port that everything was satisfactory. I am not sure. The premium had already been paid. Kicks was entitled to Lis commission supposing the transaction was completed ; the affair looked perfectly satisfactory, excepting for the absence of Weatherhead, and the idea I conveyed to Hicks was that we should com plete the business. I believe all the friends* reports -were then in, but I won't swear it. I believe the interview took place on Saturday, and that the date was the 12th. Angas Cumming, clerk in the telegraph department, Melbourne, produced a number of telegrams from the Melbourne office, which were produced in the previous case. Thomas Irwin, clerk in the telegraph de partment, Adelaide, produced a number of original telegrams previously in court, as well as those following : — September 20. To Dr. Morison — ' Can you come next train ; three certain? Reply. Wm. Hicks.' — September 20\. To Dr. Morison — ' Please reply, as £ am waiting with cases. Wm. Hicks.' — Sep- tember 20. To Wm. Hicks — ' Cannot come. Dr. Morison.'— September 2L To Wm. Hicks — ' Shall not be at Lome at that time. In town. B. P. Morison.' — October L To James Barker — 'Will buy colonist. Ex change correspondence. See to transfer at once. Forsytli explained matters to me. O. DuBarry. '—October 7. To Wm. Hicks, care Dr. Morison — ' Shall leave here for Glenelg 4.30 train. Wait for us. James Barker.' — October 20. To J. Landvoght—' Telegraph what time you can meet me this afternoon. Wm. Hicks.' — November L To_ James Barker — ' Will go and see him to-night. If I don't see you will telegraph. B. B. Mori son.' — November S. To James Barker — - ' Meet me at the hotel at half- past 2. Most important. If you cannot come send Forsyth. B. B. Morison.' — September 7. To ffm. Forsyth — ' Will be Orroroo all day. Has anything fresh turned up ? O. DuBarry.' Joseph James Herring, secretary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, waa called to identify the writing of Barker and Hicks to various documents produced, and to produce the documents relative to the death of Weatherhead sent to the insurance office. By Mr. Downer — Barker had been in our employ eight or ten years, was I believe gene rally respected, and had the confidence of our ofiice. Insurance offices place great reliance on friends' reports. There is keen competition in insurance business. I have had experience in that business for the last ten years. I cannot say that the mortality in the first year or beyond the first year of insurance in cases of consumption is somewhere about 10 per cent. I Lave known Hicks for some time. It all depends upon what he said as to whether I should believe Mm on his oath. Samuel Summers, superintendent of the money-order department of the Post- Office, produced five applications for money-orders, already produced in the other trial. James Bailey, ledger-keeper at the Bank of South Australia, deposed to the fact of a joint account being opened at the bank by Barker aud Forsyth, to its being closed on Marck 23 by a cheque being drawn, and to one of the tiansactions on the joint account being a draft on Melbourne for £125. In answer to Mr. Degenhardt, the witness, said he should certainly not say a telegram hearing the signature of DuBarry aad another, W. Forsyth, were written by the same person. TLe Crown Solicitor said he had no doubt they were both signed by Forsyth, and Mr. Degenhardt expressed himself satisiied witL tLe explanation. JcsepL Conigrave, clerk in the Post-Office, said— 1 saw the notice of assignment of a policy produced signed by David Weather head at Mrs. Blairs hous^, Dorsetta-terrace, in the beginning of October. I went to Dorsetta-terrace with Larker. I also wit nessed Weatherhead's signature to the assign ment itself. That was the only occasion on which I saw him. By Mr. Downer — He wrote his name freely so far as I remember. Adam Adamson, accountant, gave evidence as to the siguatures of Forsyth on several cheques previously produced, aad on oue dated September 23 for the sum of £1 Is., en dorsed ' M. Fox ;' the endorsement of DuBarry on another cheque, aud the signa tures of Forsj th, disguised or otherwise, oa several telegrams, that referred to by Air. Degenhardt leing believed by the witness to have been written by Forsyth. although signed *' O. DuBarry.' The telegram asking 'Has anything fresh turned up?' bore DuBarry's signature. The signatures at the back of the Orient Steamship Company^ passenger tickets were in Forsyte's hand writing. Henry Measday, bootmaker, of Glenelg c and secretary of two Oddfellows' lodges of ?which Dr. Morison is the doctor, identified the handwriting of the doctor on various documents produced in court, including the medical report and the cheque drawn by Mr. Bickford for £17. ? By Mr. Kingston — I have known Dr. Morison ever since he has been in the colony, aEd during that time his reputation for integrity has been undoubted. Charles Mortimer Muirhead, solicitor, identified documents forwarded from his office to the Australian Mutual Provident fcociety by the instruction of Williaiu Forsyth, tiiete documents being declarations of the death of Weatherhead and the assignment of a policy by Weatherhead. Received instruc tions on September Id to prepare the deed, the name being left blank, and on October (5 David Weatherhead's name was inserted, and Barker took the deed away, returning on the following day with the deed bearing Weather bead's signature. By Mr. Kingston— I registered the docu ment under the bill of sale form. 