Old Saws Re-set. A cat if she choose may, without fear of fine, Fix on a monarch her optics feline. The privilege of choice with mendicants ceases Poverty cannot indulge in caprices. When you mention 'old Clootie,' the prince of all imps, Of his caudal appendage you soon get a glimpse. The devil himself is scarcely arrayed In the sombre colours in which he's portrayed. Hope that's prolonged through wearisome years Causes heart-sickness, depression, and tears. The first law which Nature implants in our breasts Is to guard with due care our own interests. Who shall determine a question in doubt ? When the doctors themselves on the subject fall out. «s»0 ! it was not a Busfiranging affair which occurred in the Park ® the other night. It would seem that we may have our pretty flower-enclosures spared to us now though, after all— for if the Police cannot protect them, surely Park-Raingers can. Undesirable Relations. — Strained Relations. Jgi PAR. in Wednesday's Evening News gives an account of a JjigL Spiritualistic Wedding which was recently celebrated in America. The chief difference between our own marriage ceremony and that observed by the table- rappers appears to be that while we tie a couple up ' until death do them part,' they fix a rivet calculated to last, not only for all time, but through the endless cycles of eternity. Ye Benedicts ! pray take heed : Ere you step in a bridal carriage, And rattle to church at speed, Ask who's to perform the marriage ; And see that the man they 've got To perform those rites so mystic Is an orthodox cove, and not A parson spiritualistic. For the former will tie you fast, In a perfectly lawful manner, As long as your lives shall last, To Mary, or Jane, or Hannah. But a spiritualistic bloke, When he weddeth a pair, d'ye see ? Will rivet a chain that won't break in twain In time or eternity. And, when as a trunkless ghost, Through spirit-land you range, And you meet with the shade of a buxom maid And fancy you'd like to change — The pleasure you must forego, Or some shadowy Trap, d'ye see ? Will be nobbling you for a spiritu- Alistic bigamee ! 