MMELBO URAN. (FOt o 1 OWU"olw CtonIcSroWiNDcrT.) . SATruIDAY, January 7. The Agent-General, canvass still goes on. Tile Toohey section ' are woiking hard but hopolessly for Sir Charles Mac. Mahlon. If anytling wore needed, to as. sure a Premier of this gentleman's utter unfitness for such a post surely his action at the dinner given by the Exlhibitidtl Conisniesioners to Mr G.. O.'Levoy would suflice. There in the presence of an audi. once composed solely of the Comlltis sioners of : the Exhibition, its, staff, and nomembers of the press, at a public demnon. stration, lhe occupied himself, in proposing the toast::.with'. whichl ho;hatd3belen' on trusted, in making an attack upon the Exhibition, charactiirising it as anl idiotic venture,,or.total, vansto ofmoituey, lIinting ist-tlio 'poubibilityfc fJiimny unliscq'redl jobs having been perpetrated, expressing his views tliait tlic nonyy imt-ated on it should hasve buctl'devoted to road and rail way making, and lronouncingl its results a colossalfailuro. hThesevioews may have been hoiicatll'"itteitdincd, )but fancy an Agent.General making such at faell." Jets as to address himself thus to anu interested audioici. I ilon stclh slspeec h i thils tloe liibred' iii Guildhalli would lcehsitate the historiin of Victoria recording-" in this year the first A"eut-Genoral sent by the colony Vits ricile?dd." ' i"j] MeBIlwhilo tli Peter Ladorleaven works. The Proemier to whom the question hls beeni loft by his cpllcagues, has like Sally ill our alloy csbo'grett Ia mnld, it takes it longtipi ? iiiip:' " 'IBut Mi R 1 litr my, Smith had at hurried interviewv, with hilii lIst evening, niid tlihough I iii ullifor tuutiitely notyet suized of the resull, those iitierviews at such ai.sauson are p!roguanit of. iioaning.. Our Premier, says ,blandly " nothing decidell," and lo is the lwriest Premier that over ruled Victoria. Sir llryaltlgrows.clvorer ,every,year. ,Be is thlricea a?nislirt Inw as iwhen lioe was Mr ]lerry's lioutenalt. Auid he has the plea sanltct intaltuor of refusing a request of anlly Mildistor' tlh t" ever' juinipd' ollice. l'rssaninl, .bother hlit awful and .turl .his life to i greenory.yallery hlue, and his epi nionis lpsido dollwn, but'still Sir Bryai sitiles with a hullouir which is inpuertit-i able inld Irishal- Ifi only tlo teii i were level vitli thile chief ire milght be lsitisfied to suftler longeor under a Liberal .COuserva tive or Coisiervatitie Liberal ule.: I was Rsikiii ii ou'bld' fricild Quick, M.P., L.L.B1.,&c.;, &c.;, (who by the way liked his sulphurbathiat- Wodonga so much that lieo went back and took'ilother sup of it) lihow the press travelled in Now South WaIles. H tells tile absolutely free, anld the easeie- of obtailing l'ases itlher for their odi ' st eoiiot Victl ri'ii' visitoris tiir!blbe liat litm'i a in Victoria. Oiur'colont'y i'to roiln tinthe example to our noiglibouos; f kiloletdg reatridtd; ii.. far as itishitl thie pow©orof.ajGoveorlltelnt to restrict it. Perhaps this is only part of the policy of- a Ministry which more systematically withhlolds inforslqtion frollm "th :i ublie tliall voir Sir Jlicns m il'Oulloclh altelelted to do' ,ri ;Benit iltanyld 'con toiit it bearinig the .roputationiil , -boitng at once the most wildly extravaigait, niidi tiho most p~6ttily ninesi Miilistor, that eoer afflicted ours raihinaysysteni.; but surely the press in the country districts will not accept the dole of charity the "half fasre" se; ungraciously flung at them. :Either they should travel free on principle, or they mustn'acept this gratuity ais all alms: The Patterson reform was aredill oin. The Bount one is a tcveuego utpoint tlio iuie whb despising tho pully nutoctht, lit liard.. S\ihotlher the il s Nlsonlecll' ased' th1ie Jiiu. Percy, ort fie Julia Percy'tth Nelsoii, will not blie determined' untilPTuesday, wheu tlhi decisioir of the Steoln Naivig"atio Botird:4'ill bo ' foriarded: tij His 'Exccel leicy tlih" Gu etrilor i-Coutucil. 'Soiiig furtlher.ovidence was taken ,t-day;,which added Niotliing; to the previously elicited facts ; ald anddrcasses were hIaerd 'on be half of the respective c?tnalndersi Calpi taiitsr Ohapiiiaiiir l Stiiitli, anid by Mr Best, ;solicitor;, on : behalf. !f ''tlie repro sentatives ofithle late MrIrCutlei.ll;, The womlan Phillips will certainly wilt the £100 'wager 'at, the Pa'ilion At aonle o'clock to-day she liiad licori'ed24i 'iils'ti laps, aginst lider rival's .231,iiles 11 lips. Wallace last night was evidently leg-weary and footsore, while her fival steadily 'gained. The exhibition tedrniiuttti' this evomnl .. it_ AIitother attteuilt to. ittlicth daiitago ,on the property of, Mr Whitliuld, theoicutlr, luos been:i niadei Trhis, tiimuo' itiinsI of the furnitur?e off the 'stediisi"ine!ito ive bceeo,dcrtnigiSd,: btit ?o01hlllet acciess to it was 'iiot praicticable.b '1The police lhauin't the ghost of a clue. ; '.., I .. Dr. Allanl, ltho-iidiihil patliilogist iil charge, confiritis, Di' Yoil's 'liiimiof' t'hat a portioiltof 'stir idiiti , sh6iuld hbouil led doe;i i esip'cially, th! 'older' nii: central part of it. He s tll 'hibci are now.four tecin cases of 1erisypni"is Ai: it. anud'Dr. "Yioul, asciilbcs theu dliith of Stiwawrrow's jbooloy,:youig :Dodd, anld of twot young tinont'who rccbntly died f: frobin giun-shot ioi'iluds tio ppinsll?ta traceable to the "cot? dition of the hospital: 