BY BORA RUSSELL, Author of " Footprints io the Snow," " The Ylcar'a Governess/' &c;>, &o;, tFablisbad by special arrangement with the author, Alt rights reserved.] Cuapssr XXV.—A Dark Struck lb. The dGetor stayed at the Glen until Nellie recovered consciousness. "Well," he said, when he saw she recog nised him, "so you've heen obliged to setid' for me after all, you see. You'll have some idea now of a Highland breeze, eh ?'' " It was an awful storm," said Nellie, iu a low faltering, voice, and she looked curiously round; " The glass struck my head, didn't it';" she said; "Very well it didn't knock out your bright: eyes," answered the doctor. Wc can patch tn'C white skin, but the eyes would have been., a little-beyond a country practitioner,' eh?" and the dobtP* chuckled. " And Donald ?" said Nellie. " Did Donald get safely home ? We expected him last night from Edinburgh, jrou Khdl7) doctor." " He's home," said the docK-~ briefly, and Nellie knew -noihing more for many days. She had to be kept quite quiet, the doctor said, and so she was never told how Donald lay dying, it was supposed, under the 3ame roof. Strathearn was in a terrible state about Donald, but the man himself was calm, cons-: posed, and apparently happy. " Don't fret so sore, Strathearn," he: said > one day tO'his master, "I was getting an old man—and we all must go when the Lord calls —but by your leave 1 would like a talk w? the minister." Donald had a favorite " minister." A man rugged, stern, half-starved, bub "powerful," so said the keeper. Once every month lie used to come over the hills, and hold a service in a lonely little hut by the loch, and during these services Donald had found rest and re freshment for his soul. So now; as he Iajr face to face with death, he longed once more to hear the " minister's" fiery, impassioned words. Strathearn hated black-coat3. "Canting hypocrites," " psalm-singing rascals," were some of the mildest terms he usually applied to them. But Donald's wishes were now law. Never before in Stratheam's time had the Kev. MacBrayne, or indeed any other reverend, crossed the doorstep at the Glen. But now, to please Dcnald, the Kev. Mac Brayne was invited to do so. He came "re joicing," he said to the grim Strathearn, who went to receive him but was quite determined to listen to none of his preachifying," But toDonald, MacBrayne came as a mes senger 'of Light. No sleek parson was this ; no comfortable, easy-going man, but a stern mortal facing immortality, and resolutely fighting the dark foes that he believed would laugh their wicked laughter in hell if his foot stumbled. "With this rugged enthusiast (Donald was closeted more than an hour, and then before he left the house the minister sought an in terview with Strathearn, determined to ad minister " a word in season'-' to the godless master. But Strathearn was wary as a hawk. '"Our dear friend upstaire is bound for a better world, Strathearn," began the Kev. MacBrayne in his deep sepulchral voice. "He's been a good servant in thi3, at all events," answered Strathearn sturdily. " Ah, but, Strathearn, the service of this world is but as a sounding brass and a tink ling cymbal whc-n we stand on the threshold of the eternal." "Have you had the wind in the eastdoww at Ardlinukethese last two days?" enquired-' Strathearn, with interest, going to the, window. " I take little liec-d of the winds, Strath earn," said the minister, "they blpw hither and thither, but it is no veering point on which I fix my gaze. But, even speakiog of the winds—see how the summons can coiue even in tlicm to the stcut and healthy—o«r dear- friend upstairs went out but a week ago. well and strong, yet the blast of heaven struck: him low! It might have happened to you or I, Strathearn." "I've a cold and am rather deaf," said" Strathearn, rubbing his left car, and coolly interrupting the minister. "I will then lift my voice to a higher key," continued MacBrayne, now absolutely shout ing, "As I was saying in a moment " "Ah, Mr. MacBrayne, 'none so'deaf as those who won't hear,'" again interrupted Strathearn, with' his grim smile. "Don't waste your breath man—if you like to come ■ and see Donald, and he like3 to have you, you're welcome—but every man to bis taste, and preachifying is not to mine. But don't you think, for all that,'that I'm a heathen,., and don't beln-vo L. At- Maker—but to nryt mind a man gee.- no nearer to Him by palavering about il man, though that other man may. he a deal, better than himself! No—it is all between oneself aa& - God, and God gives us conscience to chow us how far we go astray." "But as a help Strathearn?" urged ther minister. "I want no fellow sinner's help," said Strathearn roughly; and so MacBrayne was forced to go away, and did so, believing that Strathearn had allowed the Evil One, in the shape of arrogance, to take possession of his heart. But in spite of this Strathearn was as good as his word, and allowed the Kev. MacBrayne to come as often as he liked to see Donald, and Strathearn would even look after the good man's creature comforts, and once slipped a five- pound note into the lean hand -' of the ill-paid and hard-working minister. " It will help you a bit with your poor," said Strathearn. "Ah, Strathearn, if I thought I did any geed"—hesitated the minister, alluding of course to Strathearu's spiritual condition. "You do good if it pleases my faithful servant to see you," answered Strathearnwith a certain dignity of manner; and after this affair cf the" five-pound note the Kev. Mac Brayne began to hope that Strathcarn's heart was not quite given over to diabolical inflit But as the days went on Strathearn him self be^an to doubt whether indeed the evil one had not taken possession of his heart. For a fierce struggle—fierce as the man's strong rough nature—was constantly disturb ing him. This struggle was between his sense of honor to his friend, and a strange power ful infatuation which had swept over liim aa-> a tempest. In vain he tried to keep out of the Cflen'; in vain did rough work on the liills—only to bi ing the spoils of the chase and lay them': (not literally) at Nellie's feet. He never saw her for weeks after her accident, but he was, always pursued by a fair faced shadow which * followeuhimwhithersocver he went. Fruit and Howerscame to Nellie in her sickroom, and all soits of luxuries, but he never asked to see* her. One day, however, when he unex pectedly walked into the sitting-room at tlie Glen, the fair face was there, only changed' and worn, and with a red mark on the white brow, which the fair curly hair did not hide. "Strathearn said Nellie, holding.out'her hand with a smile, and Strathearn went- up to her, surprised even himself (though lie knew his folly) at his own overwhelming emo tion. He tried to hide this by a little extra roughness. "So you're down, are you?" - lie said. "Humph! can't say you look very:well:" " No, indeed," said Nellie; "it's a frightful, mark, isn't it? But," she added, blushing, softly all over her. white face, " I hope if will-, go away a littlc-before Murray conies." These words absolutely sent a pang of bodily pain through Strathearn's whole being. "I've had several letters- from him-, of. course,?' continued Nellie. "He said once he had lieard from you—thank you for. hob telling him liow ill I have really been,.for it would only bave made him miserable,, poor* fellow—it wa3 very kind and thoughtful of. you not to do so." Strathearn suppressed a groan. He knew well enough it wa3 not to spare Seaforth-'s feelings that he had not- told the whole details of Nellie's accident.- It was from a mack jealous ..feeling that Seaforth might come to: her if he knew how much she had needed hi» presence. So Strathearn had made light' of her illness and of the_ whole aiEair. It was. a kind of pleasure to him (a miserable plea-' sure at best) to think that he (Strathearn) had done everything for her, that his hand had showered luxuries upon her, though be1 knew all the while she was not thinking, oB him, but of the careless handsome young man who had won her heart, and then took so little trouble to keep it. " You have been very good to me, Strath earn," presently said Nellie, in her old pretty, way. " I really do not know how- to thank you for all your kindness—Murray muafc-, tbank you when he comes." J "He may keep.his, thanks to. himself^ gruffly said Strathearn, and Nellie looked; up in his face absolutely surprised at his rude-* nessi ■ "*•; j "You bave not quarrelled?" she? said anxiously. " No, no—quarrelled—why should I.- quar rel with him ? I-have: never seen him—lxava* been here all. the: time,. backwards- and. for? wards—for lam so- anxious about Donald." "And is-Donald better?" asked Nellie. "Can't tell—the doctor says he has a won derful constitution—but I don't know." 1 "And is lie so ill as that?" said -Nellie; then Strathearn rememhered that;she did not b'nbw—that' the doctor had' impressed'"upon, them that she wak not to know. " He'll pull through all right, I daresay.'1 said Strathearn, taking up his cap. " Well, I am glad to see you better—good day." And so Strathearn went away, and Nellie kopt Pondering what had offended him and put him in such a very bad hnmor. But though he went away from the house and back to the Lodge on the hills, before nightfall he was'again wandering in the lonely Glen. He saw the moon rise and silver the white mist, and the mountain tops, and the gable roof of the house, and shine on the window-panes, Restless, passionate, in a rage with himself and all the world, Strathearn wandered like a ghost round and round his home, and then he made a sudden resolve. He would go away—he would make a fool of himself no longer—he would bid the little woman good-bye in the morning, and he would see her face no more. When the morning came he still held to his purpose. Pale, haggard, and excited, about twelve o'clock, he walked into the sitting room where Nellie was, and he held out his hand without any preamble. " Good-bye," he said, "I have come to say good-bye—I'm off to Paris," "I'm sorry you are going," said Nellie, "I hoped you would stay till Murray came—he will be disappointed not to see you." Strathearn made no answer. He bit his lips; he stood there looking straight in her face. " I am so mueh obliged to you for all your kindness," said Nellie. Then Strathearn spoke in a trembling and broken voice, for he was wrestling with him self with all his might. ! " Be kind to Donald," ho said. " I would JQOt have left him,but—but it is better I should go." j Something in his manner agitated Nellie in j spite of herself. She saw, indeed, that some ! violent emotion was almost overpowering him. " I will gladly be kind to Donald," sbe said, trying to speak in her ordinary manner. " I like Donald, he is quite a friend of mine." " Thank you; God bless you," said Strath earn, and then he wrung her hand, and with out another word hurried from the room. But before he left the house he went to bid his old servant good-bye, and the first tear3 that had wet Donald's eyes since his accident dimmed them when he heard his master was about to leave him. "And must yc go, Strathearn?" he said wistfully. " It will not be long now—and I Would ha' liked ye to follow me to the grave?" " Tut's man—well, I'll promise—if I'm alive to do it I'll follow you," answered Strathearn with a sort of nervous laugh, and speaking in the rough way that he often did when he was greatly agitated. Donald held out his hand, which was no w, alas, neither brown nor hard. " Fare-thee-well, then, master," he said. " Maybe I'll see thy face no more until I see it among the thousand and thousands of the redeemed standing before the Lord—let me see thee there Strathearn—and the Lord keep thy foot from stumbling, and thy lips that they speak no guile!" The man's earnestness and solemnity yet more affected Strathearn. He averted his head, his hand trembled in that of his old servant, and no scoffing word rose on his lips, though had the Rev. MacBvayne thus addressed him, there doubtless would have done so. " If you get worse," he said in a moment or two, speaking in a husky voice, " ask—her to write to me—I will give you an address that will always find me—and I will come back." " The lady ?" enquired Donald. "Yes—here, give her this address if she wants it—and now Donald good-bye," and the next moment. Strathearn was gone. " He has an awful look on his face," said the old highland housekeeper in Gaelic to her assistant, as she watched her master take his departure. "Ay, Elspeth—I wish Strathearn may not have seen his wraith." {To be continued.) 