NYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARAiNCE "Lord Brackenbury. [BY AMELIA B.. EDWARD11 3 . lj]lhed by ArranoeineCt withi Harper Brtlihes Neto York.) CHAPTER LI.--(Continucd). 'What is your name, m:y man? The boy stared at him shyly, with out answering. * Is it Samuel--Samuel Leigh:? Ah, I thought as much:0 Lettice, my girl, I Jnow.your, trouble, and I am heartily sorry for you.'" - She shrunk back, as if she had been struok. 'I doan't wantino pity,' she said, fiercely. ' I on'y ask fol~ to let me Be.' ' , ' If TI have hurtyour.ifeelihngs, Let tice, I beg..your pardon.' : He said this With extreme gentle ness. -Then,' after, a 'moment, he added If' anyone has, the right to name this painful subject to you, Lettice, it is I. .The *ma.n was a heartless scoundrel; anda'butfi"for us you would never have knouwn, him. You have a claim .to help and kindness at my hands.'' * " ' ''' :''' She stood silent, with averted face. SHad-my. brother-lived .and had he come to Imow of it, as I did, months and months after, he would have seen youn righted. Do you, ever hear from him ? s' ; h'' ' She shook.her head. . ' £Hashn'e~ver ..doe anything for you-nor for his child ? She tried'to speak, but the words caught her breath, and turned to sobs. Then, knowing that it was best to let her weep, if she could weep, Lancelot drew the boy to his knee, talking to him softly and kindly, while the logs blazed up and lit the room, and the twilight gathered outside. Lattice Loigh, meanwhile, her faeo buried in her hands, strove vainly to ,ohoke back the tears that now came thick and fast. £ I'T-I'd liefer ha' out my hand off than gi'en away thus !' she said, dash ing the drops angrily from her eyes. 'Bnt--but whan ye coom to ax me 'bout the childt-the child' that's worse nor faytherless ... But there I I'll answer yer question, Maistor La'celdt. T' fayther's no'er doon noewt for 'un noe'er laid eyes on 'un-ne'er keered to know whether a' were born (live or dead I Mony's the time wese beeoon' welly clemmed (almost starved) wi' hunger and cold; but 'twsr newt to Be, solong as 'ud gotten shut (got rid of) on us I' Neither you nor your boy shall Inow cold.or hunger again, my poor The little follow, grown suddenly f'riendly, was playing with Lancelot's watch chain. She looked;, and assho looked, her face and her voice softened. ' God bless you, sir - she said. SYeo're mylord now, they'tell'.me'' ' Ay, Lettioe- to my sorrow., He sighed, passing his hand over the child's hair, and staring absently at the lire. Then there was aIlong sile?ice. 'Did yo see nowt ohn hihm whan ye wento;eu1iifowr year iigone ':ashe asked -sdnaeenly. re fa Bis thoughts aere f wr away, andLthe question startled him. 'Did I see him? ' For tho'ioment he thoiiughit oily of his brother.. Then, meeting her wist. ful eyes, he took her meaning..,q . ' Did I see Prouting'? "Yeos, suroel' -I saw him. He was .with me for some weeks.' 'Au'-an' then?' ' And then;m'whon i: :was 'iaout to come back to England,' he'took sirvico with a nowmasinter.' ' ... 'Out thero ?" '' 'Yes-in Ginoa. I gave 'him a character, 'in: faet---a better' character thani he deserved.' 'Genoa!' she repeated, as if :trying to fix the name in her memory. I *Genoa I'' S'Ah, but he was leaving there im mediatoly. The gentleman who on gaged him, was an American, bound, if 1 rememoinbor rightly, for New York.' ' Then-then, whoro 'ull a' be now, sir, d'yo think ?' sLo asked tremulously. Lancelot shook his head. *Who can say? Wages are high over there-porhaps ho is still in America, But, indeeood, Lottico, you must resolve to forgot him,' Then, with a few last kindly words, tShe young man rose to go. * If you are lonely here,' he said, ' I ?arn put you into some other cottage, where you will be near neighbours. Would you batter like to live at Dane bridge, or in Langtroy village.' 'I doan't want no neeoobors. I'd liefer *bide where I be.' ? i,' You are not afraid heroe ?' 6 ,,.Why should I be afeared ? The iead doan't coom back.' He amiled. ' Nay,' hle said, I was not thinking of poor Abel Brint, nor yet of his ghost. I was thinking of the living.' SI baynt afeard o' the livin', nay thor' she caid, with one of her florce looks, ' It is a solitarty place.' SNo ploeco can't be too lonesome for we, sit.' SAs you. lilke, my girl If any one intorfores with you you have biut to lot me know, and I will movo you elsae where. You areright, at all events, to draw your boltn bethmes,' With this he slippad some silver into the child's hand, and wont to the dloor. 'I dra,'n 'un, sir, but I boyn't afeard all tihe same,' she said, following him to theo gatoe, 'BeHider, folk 'be ilalioato (dolicate, i'o., unwilling) albito about) coomin' this road arlter sun (To be on?rUouod,. 