KOClCUAMi'lON. MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1882. WITH ever increasing forceTirae is rudely dispelling the popular belief that the 1 colonies possess an inexhaustible supply of timber. Canada is feeling the effect of the demands that have been made upon her for the pine, which is so largely used in the United Kingdom. Mahogany and rosewood are yearly becoming more i difficult to obtain, and naval authorities have been alarmed at the prospect of a comparative failure of the supply of teak for ship-building purposes. That the timber supply of the Australian colonies may be seriously impaired at no distant date is an unpalatable fact that can no longer bc overlooked. Cedar, for instance, has already become so scarce in the south that, to keep up the supply of it, large demands are made on this colony. In connection with the care and management of reserves the subject of forest conservation must not be neglected. In Queensland very little has been done to preserve valuable timber trees from utter destruction, or to form a system of management by which the supply of useful timber of all kinds may be maintained. That our sylvan wealth is great and varied is well known. In fineness of grain, beauty of appearance, strength, and durability many of our trees cannot be surpassed. A great many of native growth furnish wood highly valuable for cabinet- making and coach- building purposes, while the uses of stringy-bark, iron-bark, black-butt, &c;, ate well known. In no case is the proverb that " familiarity breeds contempt " more potently illus- trated than in our treatment of growing timber. The trees are so common, and appear to be so numerous, that no care is considered necessary. In a very short time, moreover, the supply of use- ful trees near towns fails. The constant demand for firewood and fencing pro- duces a continuous destruction of thetrees which furnish these. First the giants of the forest ate felled ; and then splitters and timber cutters, rather than be at the trouble of going a little farther into the forest for proper sorts, cut down small i sized trees. Complete destruction is thus produced. As settlement pro- gresses and population increases, this piocess will increase in volume and rapidity. In these circumstances the apathy of the community amounis almost to a fatality, else would the Government be constrained to display a more practical evidence of their con- sciousness of responsibility in this matter. Doubtless they possess a sense of duly, but a most important question is how can they best discharge it. With regard to it lhere has been a good deal of theorising. A suggestion has been made to the effect that a Forest Board should be formed, which should make the preservation of existing forests, and the formation of others their peculiar care. Such a department of the State exists to a slight extent already, and the Crown Lands Ranger is understood to look after the interests of the public in the maller. Still it is thought we might have more immediate and active supervision. Il must bc apparent, how- ever, that to make it of much practical utility would necessitate thc maintenance of a very large staff. Our domain is so I wide that a small staff would be lost in it, and the revenue from timber is so small lhat the appointment of a large one could not now be entertained. Such a Board might act upon a system of con- servation that, however limited, might tend to the initiation of a more ' perfect one. In the meantime the re I serves in reach of settlement, and that are likely to be imprudently and carelessly intruded on, might be placed under the care of foresters, who should see that the privileges granted limber culters were not abused. A great deal of wanton destruction might thus be prevented. Permission should be granted to cut only certain trees for fire- wood. Those fitted for building and cabinet-making purposes should not be taken for such a purpose. Only licensed timber-getters should be allowed to fell them. The Board might also do some- thing to prevent the deplorable waste that follows ring-barking. One cannot drive through country in which only the ghosts of tall and stately trees stand without feeling sad; and the feeling is not removed by the thought that thc timber is of value for many use- ful 'purposes. In clearing scrub land, also, a like extravagant waste goes on. Trees, whose timber would be prized in the workshops of Europe, are piled together, and reduced to ashes. Much waste takes place because of want of knowledge. Selectors do not know the value of the trees they destroy. Their object is to get the land cleared, and put it under crop or cattle as quickly as possible, and the quickest means of enabling them to do this seems the best. Fire costs nothing, and makes a clean job. A Forest Board might be the means of disseminating useful informa- tion regarding the trees worth preserving. If a selector knew that the tree he had marked for the axe would, if the timber it yielded could bc placed in the market, be worth money, he would be loth to cut it down. Many good boles would, in such circumstances, be left unharmed. Popular information is also desirable in regard to the uses to which Australian timber may be put At our colonial exhibitions specimens of our native woods have been on view, but of their merits and qualities thc little that is known is confined to a limited number of people. Special knowledge is to be sought for many reasons. Not only would it have an excellent effect in stopping the wanton waste that is now a general subject of complaint, but it would lead selectors to form better views in many cases of the value of their property. The felling of trees and manufacture of timber is an important industry in one district of the colony, and if proper care be taken it may become so in others. We have not yet arrived at a proper estimate of the worth of our woodland wealth, and a Forest Board by gaining accurate and reliable information upon the subject might render important public service. In the meantime this matter of forest conserva- tion is in the hands of the land owners and selectors. With them rests the power of obviating the waste that now goes on. Too often we are afraid they forget that what they do in setting fire to some tree of majestic proportions, can- not be undone in one generation at least. " Woodman, spare that tree " is an invocation uncalled for in our circum- stances by sentiment, but neglect of it may have such important effects on the future of the colony that we hope it will not be altogether forgotten. OUR correspondent " Cosmopolitan " has evidently misapprehended the drift of our leading article on Friday. What we wished to point out was that we are too much given to criticise and condemn the actions of members, and especially of clergymen, of other religious communions from our own point of view. Or, to speak with special reference to the matters which suggested our remarks, Protes- tants are too apt to discuss the actions of Roman Catholics on Protestant prin- ciples, and are thus guilty of that very intolerance which they condemn in others. Protestants, to speak generally, assert the right of every individual to form his own opinions on the subject of religion, and to put them in practice so far as a due regard for the civil rights and religious privileges of his neighbour will allow. On thc principle that com- munity of sentiment leads to unity and co-operation, Protestants have ranged themselves under a great variety of names ; and Protestants of each name claim the right of agreeing among themselves on the doctrines they are to profess in common, the order of their worship, and the powers and duties of their ministers, while they all more or less emphatically claim for the laity a voice in the determination of all these matters. What we affirm is this that in their criticism of the action of their Catholic neighbours in Church affairs they carry these ideas with them, forgetting that among the latter all these things are changed. They thus do injus- tice to both priests and people. The Church as represented by His Holiness the Pope, through Councils, Cardinals, Bishops, and Priests, claims to be the supreme authority on earth in determin- ing all questions of faith and morals ; and the laity, reasoning, we presume on the principle, that men of learning who have given their lives to the study of what is truth in morals and religion, are more to be trusted than those who neither have this learning nor have given this study, have placed themselves in these malters under the guidance of their clergy as their spiritual rulers and teachers. Now, no one will deny to our Catholic fellow-subjects the right lo con- cede to their clergy and leave in their hands the possession of these high func- tions, and surely no one can blame a conscientious clergyman for exercising them when the laws of his Church require him. The conduct of thc mis- creants who violated the grave of the Hon. D. Egan we emphatically condemn as utterly repugnant to the principles of any body of men calling themselves Christians ; but the fact, that misguided and malignant men could carry their vengeance beyond the grave, does not in any way touch the question of the law- fulness or unlawfulness of a clergyman's action towards thc dead before the grave is reached. This, we contend, must be judged of by the rules which arc pre- scribed by acknowledged Church autho- rities for his guidance. We do not touch thc question, whether these rules are wisely or unwisely framed, or whether they are or are not intolerant in principle ; we simply say that it is unfair to brand any minister of any church with intoler- ance, who is faithfully, fairly, and without harshness, or disregard of the feelings of others, carrying out these rules towards those who have placed themselves under I his authority. With regard to thç other question raised by "Cosmopolitan," we imagine' that a satisfactory answer is not far to seek. Our cemetries are public properly. They are vested in trustees. These trustees are selected from the several religious denominations ; but the trustees of each cemetery hold the whole cemetery in common for the common good. It is true that our cemetery, to speak only of it, is divided into sections, which are named after the several sects among whom it has been apportioned. This division was rendered necessary by the fact that the Church of England and the Roman Catholic Church insist on thc ground in which their dead are buried receiving episcopal consecration. There are other churches, which, while not declining to bury in consecrated ground, regard consecration as a matter of no moment whatever. But the fact that a particular section of the cemetery lias beenconsecrated by a Bishopof eitherepis copalchurchdoesnotconfcr on the clergy- man of that church any right over the ground either as proprietor or lessee. The property of the churchyard in an English parish is vested in the incum- bent of the parish for the lime being ; but here the only proprietary rights that exist in connection with our cemeteries are those of the trustees iu common, and of the parties who have acquired by the payment of the usual fees the right of sepulture in a defined portion of the ground. The rights enjoyed by the clergymen of the several churches are summed up in that of con- ducting a service at burial, when re- quested to do so by the relatives or legal representatives of the departed. A case is supposed by " Cosmopolitan "-that immediately before the time appointed for the funeral a message comes to the family of the.dcceased, that the clergy- man will not officiate ; and the question is asked by our correspondent, "Can such clergyman threaten a public prosecution against a clergyman of another Church reading prayers over the deceased ? " On the point of law we should certainly answer this question in the negative. Were it competent for one clergyman to prosecute another for such action, when requested to officiate at the burial by the representatives of the deceased, it would amount to a very serious interference with the liberty of the subject, and with the right of individuals to choose their ministers and forms of religion. This, of course, is not the only point that is to be looked at. A difference arises between a clergyman and members of his flock, which leads to thc refusal of the former to conduct a burial service. Might it not be con- sidered an act of great discourtesy on the part of another clergyman to come forward to fill his place ? Might not the latter bc reasonably accused of taking sides, and acting as judge in a quarrel which did not concern him ? Law may be silent and weak where courtesy is outspoken and strong. The law in this case, we believe, is silent, and it certainly gives no clergyman, whether Catholic, Anglican, or Presbyterian, the right to say to any other clergyman you shall not officiate in the ground which bears the name of mv Church, or has been consecrated by its bishops. We are glad to be able to say that a wiser spirit lias been all but universally shown by clergymen here. Presbyterians have conducted burial service according to their forms in the Anglican and other portions of the cemetery, and Church of England ministers have read their service in the ground of other churches. Once or twice, we believe, a conflict on this point, eren at the side of thc open grave, was imminent, but was averted by the good sense of one of the parties, who showed more regard for decency than for the vindication of his rights. Hut while the sense of propriety may stronglj suggest to clergymen and others not tc press undoubted legal right in such a matter, yet the legal right remains intact, and there may be cases in which a sense of public duty might constrain a clergyman and surviving relatives tc enforce it. We might suppose th; remains of a member of thc Loman Catholic Church, whose survi/ing relations are Protestants, weredeniedthe rites of Christian burial by the Roman Catholic clergyman. Are the Protestant relatives lo be bound by. his refusal?-aie ihey to be denied the satisfaction of interring their deceased husband, o: wife, or brother, or sister with the rtes of their own Church, because a :lergyman to whose Church they do net belong says they shall not ? Or let us suppose another case. A clergyman fe called in to attend the death- bed of ore whom no man has cared for. The patient dies, and it is found that the family burying place is in the ground of another sect from that to which the minister who attended the deceased belongs ¡while the relatives wish 1 the latter D conduct the last services at his grave. Are these relatives to be compelled to forego at their friend's grave the ministrations which perhaps I they vcryhighly valued at his bedside ? We put tiese as extreme cases ; but we do so, «at we may bring out more clearly wiat we take to be at once the law, theîquity, and the courtesy of thc matter. " Cosmopolitan " certainly uses strong laiguage ; but on the supposition on whici he reasons we are not prepared to say it is too strong. One thing, howevc, we would say, we trust that as little occasion as possible will be given for rairing such questions, and that if they should unfortunately arise, they will be sctiled with due regard at once to public and private rights, and to the ameni.ics and courtesies that ought to prevail under :he solemn shadow that falls over the g-ave. THE Commissiiuer ot Police, Brisbane, has rcccircd a telegran, from thc Police at Tovrus ville, stalin;; that tho body of a man named Archibald" Ccorgclîlaclr, who has heou missing since the 20th utiinn, was found by Seuior couetable Sylaiueou Moutlay iu thc HurdoUiu, about f"«r mila below tho liri'l^o. Tuc I'ulice Magiatrac, acconijjauicd by (lie Government incihal ollicer, and Sub-inspector Meldrum, left Townsville to make an inquiry into the circumsUnces, AT the Police Court on Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, one drunkard was fined five shillings with the alternative of twenty-four hours in the cells. Tire Customs' collections at tliis port for tho quarter ended March 31, amounted to £21,430 8s. lld. ; for tho month, £8901 ila. 7d.¡ and for the week, £20)8 5s. Od. As compared with the" corresponding periods of last year the following increases are noted-for thc week, £ 70S USs. 5d.; month, £1069 Gs. 8d.; and quarter, £2102 ICs. lld. IT is proposed to hold a grand intercolonial juvenile industrial exhibition iu the Garden Palace, Sydney, at tho CIOBC of the present year. A coniinittco lias been formed, and circulars containing rules, &c;, will be issued shortly. Mt. 1!. iJ. Bannister, Garden Palace, is the Sydney Secretary and Superintendaut. THE s.s. YOB Yangs, which lett this port, yesterday early, had on board quite an unusual number of local celebrities. There were two members of Parliament, thc Mayor of Rock- hampton, tho Superintendent of thc Fire Brigade, one of our six bankers, a popular chemist and an ex-photographer-tho two last named being bound for Melbourne, to bestow healing favours upon that city. ANOTHER chango is to take place in the locaL Custom House. Mr. W. Trimble has, we understand, exchanged with. Mr. Lawson of the Head Olticc. Mr. Trimble will leave Rock- hampton in about a week. Iiis departure will be a subject for regret amongst those who have dealings at thc Custom House. For much courtesy iu affording information, we also have to thank him, and aro sorry thc health of his wife bas necessitated his removal. A nones was posted outside St. Paul's Church yesterday, stating that thc usual Easter Vestry meeting will be held to-morrow week, April ll. Tile Rev. W. A. Diggens drew attentiou to it, and said he hoped there would bc a large attendance of the parishioners. Ho announced that services would be held every uight next week-it being Holy Week and on Good Friday a service in the morning as well. He hoped as mauy personB as possible would assemble at thc church on Saturday afternoon next, in order to aBsist in the decora- tion for the EaBter services; and those who could not attend might kindly send ' flowers and planta for tho purpose. J Fi'.oM an ouuounccment appearing in our columns, land, cattle, and sheep owners resident within thc Marsupial district of Gogango, have been notified that thc Board recently elected here luve fixed the assess- I ment payable for the six months ending 28th September next, in respect of sheep and cattle j depasturing within the district aforesaid at the ratcB lately published. The assessment has to be paid to thc Clerk of Petty SOBBÍOUS, Rockhampton, within two months from thc 28th March last. For the information of those taxed, wo mention that the boundaries of tho Gogango Marsupial District extend as far OB Raglan Creek to thc southward, thence east by thc coast linc, north by the Styx River and Tooloombah Station, westward to Connor's Range, and thence southerly to Gogango. THE pavement near tho Crown Hotel, William and Bolsovcr-etrects, was on Satur- day night, the scene of a " rough and tumble " fight, between two white men and two Kanakas. Thc former appeared to be the agrcssora and ono of them rather furiously attacked a Kanaka, who naturally defended himself, assisted by his mate. Both of them being powerfully built, they showed good fight. Tito other whito men then joined issue and after some heavy punching they rolled over on tho pavement. Amongst other incidentals, we saw one of thc whites, in a inoBt cowardly fashion, kick tho Kauakas whilst on tho ground. The fight, after a few minutes, was stopped by tho arrival of two constables and a Kanaka and a White, were marched off to the police station. Unfortunately the attack- ing party was left behind. Later in thc evening, this mau was to bc seen in William street, maltreating, thc remaining Kanaka, who after being rolled in the mud of Kast strcct, managed to make his escape by flight. Both thc Kanakas, wc were informed, aro usually very quiet men ; and thc conduct of tiloso who molested them is therefore tho more reprehensible. AN act of heroism was witnessed ia Quay' street yesterday afternoon, that deserves tho hilliest commendation, Mrs. Henry Mac- dermott mid her son were being driven along Stanley-street, in a buggy drawn hy Mr. Macdermott^ wcll-.kuownpair of greys, when a horseman, cither drunk or foolish, and who was also leading a horse, crossed in front of them and a collision was thc result. Thc greys instantly bolted, tearing down Stanley street towards the river nt a terrible pace. Tho driver-quite a boy-tugged hard at the reina, but withouteffoot. Fearing they might dash into tho river, he let go thc off reiu and pulling tlic left managed to turn them into Qnay-strect. Although he held on, thc hoy was still unable to null thom up. Several persons near tho wharves rushed to stop tho runaways, but ouly increased their fright. Mr. Charles M'Bride of Brisbane, happened to bo passing near the A.S.N. Co's oUice aud saw tho danger. Ile instantly darted to thc horses' heads, but missed his hold. Nothing daunted, bc ran swiftly after thc buggy, leapt in from behind ; roaching for- ward he caught tho reins and, with a desperate effort pulled up thc horses just in time to prevent them dashing into thc lamp-post near thc Haßlau timber yard. At thc same time Mr. Cardew (agent of the N.M.L.A.) rushed forward and catching their heads, held the horses whilst Mrs. Macdermott and hereon alighted, happily uninjured. Thc only damage douc was a brollen pole and a few bruises on thc hocks of one of tho horses. Thc daring aot of Mr. M'Bride, which un- doubtedly prevented a terrible and probably fatal accident, is worthy a high place in the annals af local heroism. Much credit is also due to thc plucky little driver, who throughout never lost his presence of mind, but held to thc reins with desperate bravery. Tnii match between the Second Eleven of tho Rockhampton Club aud Grammar School Eleven was concluded on Saturday afternoon, resulting in a victory for the School team hy 3!) runs. When tho stumps were drawn on thc previous week the Second Eleven had lost six wickets for IO, and on Saturday the other four foll for 5 rans, making the total 21. The School then put ¿4 together, M'VVilliflin's ll being tho only double- figure score. With 100 runs to set tho Second Hieven had but small chance of winning, and though a few of tho team hatted well the last wicket full for CO. The scores follow : lî.C.C. HrXWND ELEVEN.-FlItST INMXUS. W. lieiticld. c. »ml 1) Hatfield. i> W. Jiilm, c l'.irrest, li UatHi-M. ' A. ll. Catt, c I'miest l> Hatfield . ?> H. Palmer, li Heailriek.Í A. Holdeinan, I) Hendrick . <» E. Moran, li Hatfield . 0 J.Thwaites, h Hatfield.. u J. Harber, c Hendrick li Hatfield . 0 V. Hrbiiiidt, I» Hendrick. 1 W.O'.Neill, I) Huailrii'k. » H. Oirilvlu (not uut) . * Total , .21 OltAMMAR SCnOOI.-Sico.vi> IXXlxus. V. Hatfield, c tlelticld b Thwaites .0 lt. Urown, h Thwaites .2 Mr. Wlientcroft, c Muran ti Thwaites.7 T. M'Willialn, e ("alt li Thwaites . J. Forrest, c liarlicr li Thwaites . U. MiU.iid. st Bnllcin.in li Valma. A. Hendrick, c Uellield l> l'aimer . T. Leiph, c O'Neill li Palmor. A. Wakefield, b Thwaites . K. Uridson (not out) . J. Hisicn, c rainier li Thwaites.0 lijes 0, len-lijcs 'J, no ball 1.' Tl.G.C. Sl'VOXD IXr.VKS.-SECONn INNINGS. V. .lull", mn "Ht. , J. Thwaites, c Kirrest b Hatfield . 1 II. Ogilvie, mn nut. . - \\. ll. Cutt, c «'hi atcroft, li Ilearinck. H A. lïiilileiiian (e:i|iUiín), b Hendrick. o ,1. Harber. I> Hendrick . > IV. Schmidt, c. Wlwatmift li HathuM.' II. Wo«, e Mü(..i.i b HeaiUlck . < K. Moran (not ont). l;t W.O'Nci 1. h M'WMiaui . 11 V. liellield, b Hatfield. « Bye J, leg-byos 3. *_ ÏOU1 .«a IT has been resolved to hold a publie meet- ¡ ing in Maryborough to-uight, for the purpose of protesting against tho intention of tho Government to get new dredgers built in the j old country and not in (he colony. J Mn. THOMAS INHUMA left by the s.s. -Yon j Yanga, for Melbourne, to malm nriaiigemeiita fur the manufacture in that citv of Iiis now well known hkphm-liii /'ilttlifri«. -Jiy this means, ha will ell et a s'.vin: of 23 per cent, the duty chargeable by thc Victorian Customs on patent medicines. IT will bo observed that during the Roster holidays-from tho Oth to the 10th inclusivo excursion tickets will he issued for all stations from Hoeldiamptoii ot singlo fares for thc double jonrnoj', and on linster Monday spcci.it extra trains will be run between Rock- hampton and Westwood. f^TuE Rev. Joseph Spence preached his final sermon as minister of tho Rockhampton Wesleyan Church, last night, to a very large congregation. This evening, a tea festival will bc held in the School of Arts, to be followed by a public meeting at which leave will be taken of tho rev. gentleman. Amongst the expected speakers is the Rev. C. Wiles, of Sydney, who was stationed in Rockhampton about nine years ago. SLIGHT showers fell nt intervals pu Saturday morning, but about 7'30 p.m. rain came down heavily, and a specdly alteration in the appearance of the streets took place. lu William and Derby Streets tho channels proved to bc <juitc inadequate for carrying off thc surplus drainage, and immense pools were formed. Altogether, up to 0 a.m. yesterday, four-lifths of an inch were registered. After a cloudy day, rain commenced to fall smartly about eight o'clock laßt eveuiug and continued at intervals for somo hours. It was raining up the linc on Saturday from an carly hour j rain also fell at Tambo and Aramac. At Marlborough and St. Lawrence, 1 *25 and 1'GO inches were respectively registered. A non of seventy-five horses was expected to cross thc Fitzroy Bridge this morning in charge of the proprietors, Messrs. Tooker and Brown. These gentlemen hnvc recently carefully selected them in this district, with a view to taking them to tho Herberton tinfie'ds. via Mackay. Tho mojority are of really first class character. About half the number arrived from New South Wales, a few weeks ago. Thc largo number of horses of late, brought over from that colony is an indication of their scarcity here. Until capitalises turn their attention to tho profitable pursuit of horse breeding, the supply both here nnd in thc North will remain, as at present, quite in- adequate to thc demand. Barring accidents, Messrs. Tooker and Brown's speculation will be very successful. A DARIN« BnnuLArty,-A burglary which appears to have been carried out with tho same daring oud BUCCCES which have characterised several others recently reported to the police in Melbourne, was perpetrated at Hotham on on Tuesday week, tho Royal Hotel, situated on thc Ficmingtou-road, having been broken open, and several bottles of spirits as well as a quantity of silver, and n few articles of jewellery stolen. The usual mode of obtaining entrance was adopted, viss., by breaking a pane of glass in thc window, and then forcing back tho catch. The burglary was not discovered until next morning, when it was reported to the police, but they have as yet obtained no trace ot thc offenders. A GOOD PATCH.-The sale correspondent of tho Mrlltoumc, Lvadrr wires from that place the following sensational item of mining news under date 7th March :-Information has been received here to-day of a wonderful reef having been opened up at Matlock, between Jericho and Woods' point, and close to the main road. It seems that two prospectors, named Allan Folks and l'atrick Manyx, about a month ago prospected the old Perseverance claim at that place, and within a foot of the surface came across a reef which, up to Friday last yielded from 8 oz. to 10 oz. to the ton. On that day they broke with their pick 40oz. of pure gold. They have now come across such wonderful stone thal it is believed a ton of it will yield no less than IS cwt. of pnre gold. All the other reefs iii tho same neighbourhood arc allowing great improvement, so there is every prosperity of a large rush to thc place. LErcuiiArtDT'K REMAINS.-Mr.J. Hamilton Ramsay, late Gold Commissioner, Queensland, writing to tho Standard from Villa South Cristina, Italy, ou this subject, remarks :-In your leading article on tho discovery of Leiohhardt's journals, published on tho 19th ultimo, you state that Mr. Skuthorpe was tho first to find any portion of the explorer's equipment, which is incorrect, as in January, 1859, I brought in to Messrs. Archer's Station Gracemere, Itnckkampton, two horses and a fino mule I had found on tho southern water- shed of tho Mackenzie River, which had undoubtedly belonged to Leiclihardt's equip- ment. They were the fittest animals of their kind I ever saw. Within about thirty miles of where wc found the horses, we came lo a tree with tho word " dig " cut on it, We camped at tho place, and that afternoon searched as well as wc could, but, having only our tomahawks to dig with, were unable to sink deep, and unfortunately found nothing. \\\'o wore on an oxploring expedition at thc time, and could not remain langer, as our rations were nearly finished, and wo wore a long distance from t lie settlements. There are plenty of men in North Queensland still who remember thc mule well BB I rode him for years. He waa very handsome, fully fifteen hands, mid on one occasion carried me over sixty miles in less than niue bours. TUE IÎISSIAN SUA HE IN MELBOURNE.- Our files of Southern journals which came to hand on Thursday evening contained long accounts of the scare caused by the article in the Age on tho alleged designs of Russia on thc Aus- tralian colonies. Thc Age said that Mr. lieury Bryant, a foreign gentlemen, had given them information ta thc effect that Bryant was > in confidential communication with Admiral Aslaubegoff, and was invited by him when lu re to assist him in framing in cipher a long telegraphic despatch in reply to one from tho Russian Ministor of Marine, conveying in- structions ta Admiral Aslaubogoff what to do while he was in these waters, and after he left them. Mr. Bryant has the cipher of the message Admiral Aslaubegoff sent in reidy, and it cost him £00 to telegraph it. The orders Admiral AslaiibcgofT had received were to proceed from Shanghai to 1 iii, after wanta to Kew Caledonia or tho Kew Hebrides, l>y which time was to he declared between Russia and Knglaud. Admiral Asian begoiT «as then to sweep down on Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane and levy £3,000,000 at Melbourne, the same at Syduey, fi.OOO.OW at Adelaide, aud £1,000,000 at Brisbme. Mr. Bryant told tho Agc that he told thc Admiral tile sums were too large to bo got. Tlic Admiral replied that he bad better iuformatiou. Mr. Bryant said thc reason ho told what was the object of thc Russian ships was that the Admiral gave bim a mortal affront a few hours before leaving because he declined to perform thc task entrusted to bini which affected the colony. The Agc said that Mr. Bryant was in thc pay of Russia, lie was not a Russian, bul a Nihilist, a military engineer and a liutpiist, and was sent out by thc Russian authorities to join thc Admiral at Sydney whence he came to Melbourne. Thc consul there was to scud him on to Alexandris when his mission was over. The Age in- formed Sir Bryan O'Loghlcn iu Bryant's pre- sence of thc facts, and told him that Bryant had ciphers thc same as thc telegrams scut through tlic Colonial office to tho Uussian Minister of Marine by Admiral AslanbecofT. Sir Bryan O'Loghleu admitted thc importance of tho information, but declined to compare Bryant's cipher with tlic telegrams sent. 11 appeared from Mr. B,yaut that Sir Bryan O'lj ifthlen and Admiral Aslanliozoff had pre- viously spuken together about thc fictitious dispatch which the Age published th:ce weeks a^o. Admiral Aslanbr^ofT then held thc defence works in low esteem, lie said thc forts at Queenscliffe could bc taken by 500 m. u landed in the rear, while the ships were engaging them in front, and Melbourne would then bc at the mercy of the Russian fleet. Copies of thc alleged instructions and despatches wore published. The whole affair: has since been proved to he a hoax. The Agr seems to be courting popularity at any cost. 