THE WEEK. Messrs. Meares and King are certainly re- presentative men of the Conservative party, but it is to be hoped that they are not repre- sentative of the new suffrage of the Council. They have delivered their inaugural addresses to the elector. of the North Yarra province, and one looks in vain through them for the glimpse of any ghost of an idea upon any political question. Words! words ! words ! are all that meet the eye in the dull repetition of party catchwords and vague commonplaces of which their utterances were composed. Mr. Meares's one definite opinion is that the stock tax is a dreadful thing, while Mr. King's dis- tinguishing principle is that we ought to trade with "China, Japan, and other Asiatic coun- tries." If the new Council is to consist of men like these, its proceedings are certain to be a farce. Yet no one in the Liberal camp seems concerned to prevent it. Not a Liberal candidate is offering himself ; not a Liberal league is bestirring itself to select one ; not a step is being taken to organise for the coming campaign. A dull, dead apathy prevails on every side, and will prevail until some vital question is at stake, when the country will be roused to find too late that its majority is un- represented in the Upper House, and that there must be months, if not years, of waiting before it can be brought into harmony with public opinion by infinite exertion and great sacrifices. The Farmers' Ministry holds that if the sparks from a railway train set fire to the grass and crops in the neighborhood, the owner should have no claim for compensation unless he had given up 8 feet of his land next to his fence, and had kept it ploughed throughout the year. A more monstrous proposition has surely never emanated from the friends of monoply. The tax it would have levied upon the unfortunate class of farmers, and upon them only, would in many cases have been a good deal heavier than the Innd tax is upon a great estate. The State it is to be noticed, was to go scot free ; it was not to be obliged to choose its fuel, or to provide spark catchers. It was to be left perfectly irresponsible, no matter what damage might be caused by the negligence of its servants. The farmer, on the other hand, was to be victimised either way ; he was to run the risk and pay the cost, and be heavily taxed because it suited Mr. Bent to run a railway through his land. Thanks to the energetic opposition of the Liberal party, the extravagant proposal was struck out in spite of the declamations of the Ministry. Everybody is wondering why it is that they persecute the farmer so unremittingly and seek to injure him at every turn — one day endeavoring to rob him of rob vote, the next of his crops, and the next of his claim to compensation. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is just as much at sea as usual in his figures in regard to the Great South-eastern line. He calculates that it would cost £150,000. to construct. The fact is that would cost nearly, double as much. To provide the money he proposes to drain the Kooweerup Swamp at something less than £1 per acre. The actual cost, according to ex- perts, would be double as great. Having doubled one estimate and halved the other, of course the Premier affects to consider his own proposal reasonable. But even then it is ri- diculous. He proposes to sell the reclaimed land at from £2 to £3 10s. per acre, and justi- fies himself by assorting that in a few years it would be worth £10 or £15 per acre. If so why sell it at a sacrifice ; why not wait; and realise the full value for the State? Or is he as usual seeking for means to fatten his friends the monopolists at the public expense? In any case his scheme is about as bad as it can be. He wishes to sell land below its value in order to make a railway which shall treble and quadruple its value. At least he might make the line first and sell afterwards. But why sell at all? Why hand it over to the large proprietors ? Why not lease it to selectors for long periods and thus ensure settlement and cultivation, prevent- all chance of dummyism or monopoly, and secure a fair revenue for all time to relieve the taxpayers, upon whom he is heap- ing new burdens every day? Mr. Joseph Cook has probably been the means of introducing political questions to an audience, imperfectly interested in those sub- jects. Under these circumstances it is gratify- ing to find him on the Liberal side ; an advo- cate of federation ; an adept protectionist ; a vigorous opponent of the liquor traffic ; and a believer in the future of democratic institu- tions. Everyone will agree with him as to the special importance of education in a country governed under universal, suffrage ; and of the necessity of supplementing general culture by religious training, though perhaps Mr. Cook has not quite seen the difficulties besetting its introduction into our State schools. He rejoices that this country is not Romanist, and that its population is mainly English and Scotch ; but he should have seen enough even during his stay to convince him that, the Catholic church, here is not a power to be des- pised, since it is at present the controlling in- fluence in high places. When he takes a broader question his views are equally liberal . He has a thoroughly Christian horror of war, and a desire to see it displaced, alto- gether by a reference to arbitration of all in- ternational disputes. In this regard he suggests that Great Britain and the United States of America might advantageously unite to throw their influence into the scale in favor of peace. One in race, language and religion, these two powers are certainly more free from military fetters than any others, and could their union be brought about, their wealth and energy, culture and intelligence, population and naval power would constitute them formidable op- ponents to any belligerents who might seek to disturb the peace of the world. The inquest upon the body of Mrs. Stent has concluded in a manner not by any means con- vincing to the public, favorable to the coroner, or satisfactory to Dr. Barker. She visited the surgery of this practitioner ostensibly for an illegal purpose, she died there while only he and hls son were present, and she had been buried so long before the inquiry was held that medical experts could not decide as to the cause of her sudden decease. She was proved to be pregnant, and there was an injury to her womb which might have been caused by an instrument, but would not of itself have been fatal. She may have died under the effects of chloroform, administered for the purposes of an operation, or, as Dr. Barker testified, from "epilepsy and varicose veins." No one now can say. But it is to be regretted that Dr. Barker, under the circumstances, refrained from courting inquiry. He himself arranged for her funeral ; personally visited Dr. Youl and obtained a burial order without an in- quest demurred to an inspection of the body by the womans relatives ; and did not come forward to give evidence when, after suspicion had been raised, the body was exhumed and ah investigation took place. Still more ex- traordinary is the conduct of the public officer, Dr. Youl, who gave him the order of burial notwithstanding the serious circumstances of the case; did not summon him as a witness at the inquest, and did not call the husband of the deceased, though he had a private inter- view with Dr. Barker immediately after her death. We withhold further comment as it is understood that another case is pending, which would bring the facts, once more and perhaps more thoroughly before the courts. In the interests of the farmers on the one hand and the citizens on the other the Central Board of Health should hasten itself to put down the practice of milk adulteration so largely practised in Melbourne. The dairy farmers of thr Epping and Plenty districts assert that according to their calculations nearly twice as much milk is sold in the city and its submitted as is supplied to it from the country. If this estimate were true it would mean that a chief food for infants and invalids is 50 per cent. water, and perhaps otherwise tampered with to conceal the fact. Even if this were an over estimate experience teaches us that, owing perhaps to the case with which it can he accomplished, the dilution of milk is a common trade -practice. We see lists of bakers summoned for selling short bread and publicans for selling bad liquor. Why not then summon the milk men for giving short measure and an adulterated fluid ? The process of detection is easy and certain. The Inctometer cannot lie, and if a few inspectors were set apart. to visit the metropolitan dairies and test the quality of the liquid dispensed by them a check would be given to the practice, there would be a larger demand upon the farmers and a better article supplied to the purchasers. Both classes under the present system are at the mercy of the middle man. A knowledge of the rainfall in the different districts of the colony is of considerable value to settlers as indicating what moisture they may expect, and thus determining the cha- racter of the produce they seek to raise. In New South Wales the further value of such observations may be illustrated by the calcula- tion which the Government astronomer has published in his last report. He computes that only 1-80th of the rainfall of the year in the western parts of New South Wales flows into the Darling, and that probably eight times as much passes away underground, even allow- ing for a great loss by evaporation. Enough water is lost in this way to supply, in his opi- nion, the arid districts of that colony, and he strongly recommends the prosecution of boring operations for the purpose of rendering it avail- able. Just the same advice may be given to the settlers on our own northern plains. It is, we understand, just as certain that there, are large underground supplies of water in Victoria as in New South Wales. In Gippsland they have been tapped already. It is the fault of the shire councils of the interior if these terri- tories remain untested. They should first undertake experiments, and private persons can afterwards utilise their experience. In future a map showing the rainfall, in the colony will be published with the annual report, and these ought to he carefully perused by all intelligent farmers within our boundaries until water is obtained in every possible quarter sufficient to prevent all future drought. Mr. Bosisto's statement as to the condition of the Horsham and Dimboola railway has occasioned, not unnaturally, considerable alarm; while Mr. Bent's customary equivocality of explanation has increased public suspicion. The line was authorised as one of the " cheap railways " which Mr. Bent is about to extend throughout the colony. But as the member for Richmond testifies, it has been constructed of such unsuitable material that after the recent rains, which were not severe, the track became " a perfect pool " and a mass of "floating mire." This is bad enough, but on examining the engine he found that two- thirds of it was covered with mud, the sand working into the machinery, and threatening to ruin it in a very short time. It will cost, in Mr. Bosisto's opinion, £1000 a mile to re-ballast the line, which has been supposed to be finished, and for which the Treasury has paid. Taking the damage to the engines into account as well, it will be seen that this "cheap line " pro- mises to be a very dear line, and the ques- tion arises how many more of those which Mr. Bent is now projecting will be "made " in the same manner. We are spending all we can borrow and more upon the mere opening of railways, which will not improbably call for further outlay again and again, as the Horsham and Dimboola line now does. Where then is the money to come from? We shall be either plunged into heavier and heavier taxation to keep them open, or be obliged to let our money go and suffer them to be closed. The leasing principle has already been intro- duced to the discussion of Parliament, apropos of the proposal to sell 70,000 acres of the Koo- weerup Swamp by auction. It will shortly be a principal theme for argument in connection with the Land Bill. We are now In possession of fuller particulars as to the extent to which it has been adopted in New Zealand, and under the circumstances these facts are likely to be of general interest. The established practice of sale in blocks is not to be entirely super- seded, but the two systems are to work side by side — a much more difficult experiment than that of having the one system closed before the other commences, as is suggested in this colony. It is clear that the contention, of which so much is made in Victoria, that two systems cannot exist in the same State, even if one apply only to private lands, is not held of much importance in New Zealand. The land there is to be leased by tender, at a rental of 5 per cent, upon its value for 30 years ; the re- newals are to be subject, to, a re- valuation in 27 years, and are then to run for a further period of 21 years. If the lessee for the first period does not obtain the renewal he receives a valuation for his improvements. The area to be leased as fixed by the Lower House was 640 acres, but the Upper House has, unwisely we think, reduced it to 320 acres. This area includes all land held by the lessee in other parts of the colony, and thus is an effectual bar to anything, like monopoly. More over, the lessee is required to reside within six months of the date of lease, and to continue residing for six con- secutive years, to cultivate 1-20th of the area each year for the first two years and 1-5th within four years, and within six years to put improvements on the land of the value of £1 per acre. By these provisions it will be seen that dummyism as well as monopoly is abso- lutely prevented, that occupation and cultivation are assured, and that the land is preserved in perpetuity for the whole people. It is to be feared, however, that the sale sys- tem will, enable the monopolists to prevent leasing under the conditions, which are cer-. tainly rather severe, having a fair trial. It will be to their interest to prevent its conspi-. cuous merits from being popularised by experience. It is a great misfortune for the colony that so important an Institution as the University, the crown and coping stone of our educational system, should be managed with so little judg- ment and influenced so frequently by the sen- timents of self-interest. Almost without warn- ing the pliant Dr. Dobson introduced Into the Council a fortnight ago a bill to amend its constitution by making the Chancellor hold office for life, and the Vice-Chancellor for three years with a salary. The first provision was made so that Sir William Stawell might be retained as Chancellor and yet deprived of the position of Chairman of the Council in which office he made himself so personally offensive that he was begged by petition not to become a candidate again. The second provision was a job on behalf of a member famous for his intrigues for his own advancement. He was to be paid a salary for duties hitherto discharged gratuitously, though in the report just laid on the table of the Legislative Council it is complained that the work of the institution cannot be properly proceeded with owing to lack of funds. The Upper House, under the impression that the University desired the bill, was about to pass it, when the Senate of the University inter- fered, and, as the most representative body, discussed the bill for two days, at last con- cluding by fairly tearing it to pieces. The Chancellor's tenure of office was limited to five years, and the proposal to pay the Vice-Chan- cellor was struck out, and his term limited to one year. It is satisfactory that the legisla- lative body of the University should have dealt thus summarily with the trick of the clique, but it is to be regretted for the sake of the reputation of the institution that such a clipping of its provisions did not take place before the bill was launched into the legila- ture. It has been proposed to establish in Mel- bourne a Social Party Society, on the plan of similar associations already existing in Sydney and Adelaide. The chief object set before the society is that of coping with the social evil, in regard to which it is contended that the State has neglected its duty. The methods proposed include the establishment of refuges in which fallen women can be reclaim ond and restored to honest livelihoods, and sundry alterations in the law. First, it is asked that all girls shall be treated as infants up to the age of 17 years, so that intercourse with them would be a capital offence, even if entered into by consent. To many it will seem that such a provision would be too stringent ; but seeing that the greater number of seductions take place within this period, there would probably be no opposition to an amendment which should make sexual relationship under any conditions prior to that a punishable offence. The next demand, that fathers of illegitimate children should bear the full responsibility of their maintenance, may be endorsed if we read it as implying a full share of the cost of education and maintenance until the child is able to provide for itself. Both parties should suffer for their misconduct, and in a pecuniary direction the man chiefly. The third requirement, that in actions for seduc- tion damages should be given for the wrong done, is just and sound, and might be advan- tageously adopted. The last claim, that there should be a State department appointed for the defence of morals, raises the question, For what, then, do the churches exist ? It is to them that we must look for such a depart- ment, and also for ike regenerating impulse which shall establish and control the Society for Social Purity, which we trust may take root among us. Astronomy is an attractive study considered simply as a branch of knowledge derived from literature. But its real fascination, so ably depicted in Mr. Thomas Hardy's novel now appearing in this paper, lies in the study of the heavens themselves and the splendid roll of radiant orbs which they contain. To facilitate the transference of book knowledge to the objects with which it deals, the planisphere recently published by the Government astronomer, and circulated among our State schools, is of the highest value. It enables the student to find the position of any stars at any time of the year and any time of the day or night. At the same time some little know- ledge is required to render the use of the planisphere easy, for the official explanation attached is couched in terms of the most abstruse character, and would probably be unintelligible to any juvenile scholar. Dr. Bone, of Castlemaine, has come forward to gratuitously instruct the State school teachers of the neighborhood in the elementary branches of the subject and the use of the planisphere. They, in their turn, will transmit their infor- mation to the pupils, and hence a most interesting branch of inquiry will be opened out by degrees, to a large number of minds. That Dr. Bono's excellent example, may be eagerly taken advantage of and widely followed will be the wish of every friend of knowledge. French aggression is a great fact on this side of the globe. Not only have the three great groups of islands lying between the Isthmus of Suez and Australasia fallen into the grasping bonds of the Republic, so as to give it the command, of the traffic passing through the canal now in course of construction, but an at- tempt is being made to obtain the consent of the King of Siam to the construction of a canal across the Malay Peninsula, so as to shorten the passage between Europe and China by nearly a week, and avoid the dangerous shoals and storms of the lower coast. The ground has been already surveyed , a French official is on his way to the Court of Siam, and a naval expedltion is being fitted out to sail for the locality at an early date. Nature appears to have pointed out the precise spot for the undertaking. From sea to sea the distance is 80 miies. This is reduced by the Paklehan River on the one side and the Tayany River on the other, running towards each other almost in a straight line, and leaving only a neck some seven or eight miles wide to be cut through. Both rivers are broad enough already, and for the greater part of their course are deep also. About 30 miles of them will reqnire to be dredged, and then the work wlll be complete. It is calculated that the un- dertaking will require an outlay of £4,000,000, and if commenced in the next cool season it can be completed in 1885. The large traffic through it, chiefly English, would yield a hand- some revenue, while to the French, who have recently annexed Tonquin, it would be of the greatest value. As, however, the English province of Yenassanin joins it, the home Government should take care to have a voice in the matter and a share in the control of a canal upon one of our most important high- ways. THE LEADER. MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, SEPT. 23. 