The Salvation Army, e t In a recent issue of the War Cry, a writer expresses his thankfulness for the " goodness of the Lord in leading the Army on so very far from the traditions of the ciders." The fact is undeniable; and no one who visited Clapton from Saturday to Tuesday could refuse to admit that the ways of the Salvationists are not as those of other men. The occasion marked an epoch in the history of the Army, and was another proof of the truth of the old adage, that nothing succeeds like success. A double festival marked the second triennial congress of the opening of the new Training Home and Congress Hall. In 1813, the London Orphan Asylum built for itself a house at Clapton Park, at a cost of almost £60,000. Two generations afterwards, in 1870, it had lengthened its cords so far that, it determined to venture on larger premises, and accordingly vacated Clapton for a new site at Watford, Hertfordshire. Its old home stood empty for years, and it was not till the Salvation Army sprang into being on this side the Atlantic that any offers were made for its purchase. General Booth ultimately negotiated a transfer of the whole site of two acres, with everything on it just as it stood, for a sum of £15,000, and sinee that time he lias, with characteristic daring, adapted and altered the building for Army purposes, at a further cost of nearly £8,000, and on Saturday last the " Salvation Congress Hall," as the title on the facade proclaims its name to be, was formally opened and dedicated to salvation work. So far as yet completed—for the General looks forward to seeing all the site utilized for Army purposes—the adapted edifice consists of this centraf hall, capable of seating 4,700 persons comfortably, and of accommodating at a pinch— and the General hopes for a continual" pinch " when the Army has its operations fairly afoot—considerably over 5,000, flanked bv two extensive blocks of buildings as "training barracks" for the male and female cadets respectively, with dormitories on the upper hall for 300 officers, and a series of rooms, not only for classes, dining-rooms, and offices, but for " drill," exercises, wash houses, stores, laundries, and workshops. It is only within the last two years that the Salvation Army has taken to furnishing its officers with special training for their aggressive enterprize. ^ The officer must know how to " reconnoitre," " storm," " capture," and keep a town, how to " procession," how to visit the poor and sick, and how to conduct meetings in Salvation Armv style. The progress of this developing enterprize within the last four years has been such as to call imperatively for systematic training in all these particulars. In 1878, for instance, the number of stations or corps was 50; officers entirely employed m the work, SS; speakers, 1,086; services held weekly, indoors and out, 6G8; officers sent from training homes none. In 1882 the number of stations or corps was 304; officers, 645; speakers, 15,393 ; services, indoors and out, held weekly, 5,100; officers sent from training homes, 262. The hall has been formed by pulling down the chapelrr of the old institution, excavating what used to be the "quadrangle to the depth of about six feet, and covering in the whole of the central space, measuring 143 feet by 108, with a roof of wood and iron supported on four iron columns. The flat ceiling is inlet with panels of stained glass, beneath which are distributed a dozen bunches of gas jets, which at night flood the hall with a uniform and beautiful illumination. The interior arrangements are made on the circus or amphitheatre principle—the platform being slightly raised in the centre to accommodate the band and the speakers, while the tiers of seats rise all round in circles to the circumference of the building. There are no fewer than ten entrances, and the audience, however crowded, can make their exit in a verv short, space of time indeed. On Saturdav a special party gathered by invitation to inspect the "hall at midday, and were conducted round bv General Booth himself. An afternoon dedicatory service was thereafter led by him, and the hall, for the first time, was filled with a crowded audience. The staff band on the platform played a selection of classical music, after which the cadets, in military formation, "with all the pomp and circumstance of war," colours living, drums beating, and trumpets blowing, marched 'into the building amid a scene of indescribable enthusiasm; Salvation choruses being sung with tremendous force of lung power, and handkerchiefs and banners being waved till one found it, difficult, to realise, as one of the speakers afterwards put it, that this was really a gathering of cold, phlegmatic- naturcd Saxons. General Booth, who on entering Mas received with a "vollev" of "aniens," stated the financial position of the Congress Hall fund, and appealed for a large subscription, so that, the debt, of £7,000 yet remaining might be substantially reduced. As an illustration of the vastness of the Army organization in London, he said that a large hall capable of accommodating 1,300 had been acquired in the south of London, and that, they had it in contemplation to acquire another, seating'nearly 3,000, in the neighbourhood of King's Cross. Mr. T. A. Denny congratulated the Armv on the opening of a new era in its history. He deliglited to hear of the broad platform on which the Army was organised. He was ready to shako by the hand any one who loved the Lord Jesus Christ; and he had no sympathy with a man whose platform was no broader than a tight rope, on which lie could hardlv balance himself; nor had he any sympathy with tho«e* who thought they had ft special latch key into heaven. In conclusion a subscription of 1,000 guineas from him was intimated, an announcement that was received with the wildest, enthusiasm, and shouts of " Halleluiah !" " Keep believing!" " Amen !" " Glory be to God '" etc. Another subscription of 500 guineas followed from Mr. K. Denny, and the contagion of liberality seemed to be communicated to the audience, for within a few minutes cheques, bunk notes nnd subscription forms for sums of £100, £50, aiul lesser amounts, were handed up to the General; and some oi the donors even wrapped up gold in bits of paper and threw them amongst the speakers. " We arc being pelted with gold!" exclaimed the General; and the truth of the statement, was proved when, at the close of the meeting, it leaked out that in a couple of hours B m t h a a r l a f t 4,400 liad been collected. Mrs. Booth preached to a e acked audience, taking as her subject the words from c UNIALI saiah, "» TIM The glory RTF of FLIA the Lord TNVRL shall OLINLL IW be V/^TVXI revealed, 1 PFL " in IN e onnection with Acts xiii., 4. The Old Testament and the New were written in he same key, that of salvation to the ends of the earth. he Salvation. Army had. tuned its music to these notes lso. They were apt to look back upon the successes of he Gospel in the past as its greatest and brightest; but t he believed that they had only seen the dawn, and that he brightness of the meridian day was yet to come. h peaking of what was to be understood by the word d alvation, Mrs. Booth said that it began at home. any people said that charity began at home, and they f ook care to keep it there; but it was a much more mportant fact to bear in mind that salvation began here with each individual. God's great purpose in alvation was complete deliverance from condemnation. In the evening a grand Salvation demonstration and xhibition of trophieB took place, in- the course of which he principal address was delivered by Mr. S. A. lackwood, C.B., who said that the Army was teaching any useful lessons. They were, he thought, teaching he churches a good deal about female ministry, which ad been left out of sight for 60me time ; and they were lso telling them something they all wanted to know, bout a free and easy religion, and a much happier eligion. The religion of many people was too much that of Lazarus when he came forth bound hand nd foot with grave clothes. They wanted to be freed rom their encumbering bonds. He did not see why could only serve God in stereotyped forms,—why, for instance, if it was right to have processions in God's service in old Testament times, it should be wrong to have them now. The Salvation Army was doing a grand work in helping to rid the world of conventionalism. In an old sermon he had read, not so long ago, on the text, " Those that have turned the world upside down have come hither also!" the preacher had divided liis discourse into three heads, as was usual. He said, Firstly, the world must be turned upside down, for it was wrong side up; Secondly, the world must be turned, because it cannot turn itself; Thirdly, the world must be turned, and we are the men to do it. There was the work of the Salvation Army. (Crie6 of Hallelujah!" and a "salute" from the Army in response to the General's command to " fire a volley.") So long as they were true to their motto, " The Blood of the Lamb'and the Five of the Holy Ghost." God would honour the work that the army was doing. After solos by Miss Booth and others, the choruses to which were taken up by the band and sung with great vociferation, those officers who had been imprisoned at Weston-super-Mare, Dumfries, Chester, and other places were paraded on the platform amidst the wildest and most tumultuous cheering ; and several others, both men and women, detailed their experiences, more than one dwelling on the harshness of their treatment by the gaol authorities. On Sunday morning, " knee-drill" was conducted by Major Dowdle, who delivered an address to an audience of about 500. At eleven a holiness convention was led by Mr. Brainwell Booth, and at three by Mrs. Booth. The meeting of the congress was continued on Monday, when the hall was literally packed, aud the enthusiasm was not in the slightest degree slackened. " Major " Howard, one of the principals of the Army's training home, and " Major" Dowdle, of Newcastle, conducted a " holiness convention." In the afternoon, too, the President of the Wesleyan Conference was on the platform; aud in the eveuing the Rev. Mr. Hankiu, vicar of St. Jude's, Mildmay, and Air. T Denny were present, the latter gentleman contributing £100 to the funds. During the evening there were 600 officers of the Army present,- the numbers being swollen by excursions from various parts of the kingdom during the day. The large sum of £4,700 had been subscribed since Saturday morning, which left but £2,000 or £3,000 to complete the entire cost, £23,000, for the purchase and alterations to the building. The meetings on Tues day and Wednesd in "no way abated. ay were very similar, and the iuterest —Common wealth, May 18. 