WEiAMORYS.. BY L. ARMAITD. CHAPTER XVIII. ROBERT'S intimacy with the Recluse, or, as we now termed him, Mr Legrand, steadily increased. I was glad upon my brother's account, and I could not but believe that the invalid would also find benefit from the inter- course. I was getting to feel much interested in Robert's friend, whom I had never yet seen. Robert, with Uncle Welfer's sanction, had repeatedly invited Mr. Leg and to Arbour lands, but the latter pleaded his invalidism and nervous dislike of meeting strangers, until Robert desisted, feeling that his friend would suffer more than he would enjoy by visiting us. Strange to say I had never met the stranger in my rambles, so that my conception of his personal appearance was founded upon the description of others, and finished off by my own imagination. Arthur Archer had not got beyond a bowing acquaintance, but that was not his fault. He would have taken the Recluse by storm if I had wished it but, not wishing I prevented it. How happy I could have been at that time but for Arthur! At rest just then, about Robert and Maud, with Uncle Wolfer manage- able, and our general life quiet and calm, I should have had nothing to yes or disturb me ; but as time went on it grew impossible for me to deceive myself as to Arthur's intentions. And, Oh ! how bitterly I upbraided myself for not having kept him at a greater distance at first ! "What tended greatly to increase and favour Arthur's opportunities of inflicting his society upon mc was the strong fancy which Uncle Weller had taken to him-a fancy which, unaccountable when considered with regard to uncle's dislike of Arthur's father, was perfectly comprehensible when traced to the cause of flattered vanity. Arthur Archer was an adept at ending out the weak side of anybody, and in improving his discovery to his own advantage. He found Uncle Welfer's, and so flattered and managed that impressionable person that Arbourlands became as open to Arthur as to Maud herself, and he received a welcome as hearty as she did from uncle, though not half so warm as he could desire from the ladies of the house. But no coldness from Miss AVelfer and Marget, or distant behaviour upon my part, daunted him in the least Always polite, even tempered, and officiously desirous of pleasing, day after day found him calling upon some pretext or other, and making himself quite at home. " Oh, Margot, what's to be done !" I asked despondingly one day when Arthur, had just left. " What's to be done?" echoed Marget. "Why it's plain that he means to make you an offer, so the sooner he does it the better, to say thinkin'; then you'll just say ' No,' and get rid Of Hill." I received at the thought of this hateful offer of which Marget could afford to speak so philosophically. And, more than suspecting the existence of what Marget termed Arthur's " shakiness," I dreaded the probable effects of my refusal. Would, or could, Arthur vent his disappointment upon Maud or Robert, or both? That he guessed the secret of their hearts I felt certain. But had he the power of injuring either? That was the question. I had never so much as dreamed of sacrificing myself to Arthur for their sakes; but I wondered anxiously whether I had not better, if possible, prevent any avowal from Arthur until Robert should have left Mnrford. I had a vague fear that unpleasant consequences would arise from my refusal, and I hoped that Robert, at least, might escape them by absence "It's no use crying' over spilt milk," said Margot. " I'm very sorry for you, fears ; but you won't do no good a worrying' yourself." "But I can't help it, Marget. I wouldn't mind about myself ; what I fear is that Arthur may make things had for those two." "Lor', don't trouble about them. They're both big enough, and clever enough too, to take care of themselves. You've got into this worry through tryin' to do the best for them, and now you'd better only think how to get yourself out of it. When you don't know what on earth to do, nor which way to turn, let things take their course. There's just as much chance that they'll take a course for the better as for the worse. That's my way of lookin' at things." I felt, that there was something in Marget's philosophy; so, having no other alternative, I promised to try to take her advice. "Well," said Margaret, as she vigorously scoured the kitchen table, " I've always blessed my stars that I was never fool enough to get married. For if you have a family it's bad enough when the children are little, with the lookin' after they want; but measles and whooping-cough and croup, and tumbling' down stairs, all put together, is nothing to the plague they are when they come to get a parcel of love nonsense in their heads. I'm sure that a family of grown-up gals would drive me crazy." " I'm very sorry that I am so much trouble to you, Margot But I can't help the folly of other people. I haven't any love nonsense in my head," I said demurely. "No; just because your time is not come; but of course it will, so you needn't fancy your self so clever." > " My time will be very long in coming if I stay in Harford," I said, laughing. " Them that lives longest will see most," said Margot, oracularly, as she dashed with renewed energy into her scrubbing. i That evening Maud, Robert, and myself started for a ramble. We intended going to the next village, and, after a rest, returning in the twilight, a favourite time with us for walk- ing. I know that we should pass Ivy Hill, and I meant to be on the lookout as we approached it "Are we likely to see anything of Mr. Le grand, Robert?" I asked. "Not this time. Bio does not generally go out so early in the evening. We shall be more likely to see him on our return." "It is very hard that I can't satisfy my curiosity. You know him well, even Maud has seen him, and Arthur has also." " There is Arthur !" said Maud, in a tone of annoyance, " Really, it is too provoking !" I exclaimed, crossly. " Are we never to be to ourselves ?" It seemed that we were not to be this evening, for the war. come Arthur immediately joined us, saying, " Mr. Welles told me the direction you had taken, so I took the short cut across the fields." He took his usual place by my side, and for a time the conversation was left to him and Robert. Aland and I did not feel quite amiable enough just then to talk ourselves. "There is Ivy Hill, Persia," Robert said, pointing out what appeared to be nothing but a clump of trees close to the road. As we drew near, I could perceive nothing to denote a dwelling but a stack of chimneys, the house being completely hidden in summer by the trees. A more isolated spot in which to hide oneself from observation it would be im- Po -able to find. Tall gloomy-looking trees also fined the road opposite to the hidden house. I had been so taken up in watching for the not impossible appearance of the stranger, and the others were so busy talking, that neither of us "served the heavy clouds which suddenly despised everything with their gloom, Just as we reached the tree facing Ivy Hill some heavy drops fell.-' ,'" ', "I am afraid that our walk is over," said Robert. As he spoke the rain poured down, and the distant rumbling of thunder was heard, ' ' We must invade Ivy Hill, that's all," he said. "Oh, no 1" Maud and both exclaimed at once. " We can stop where we are. We shall not get wet under these trees." " But it is not safe to stand under trees during a storm, and I certainly shall not allow it,' Robert said decidedly. "We won't disturb Mr. Legrand. I will ask his housekeeper to allow us to go into the kitchen." " That will be the very thing," cried Arthur. " Your brother is right, Miss Amory," he said, as Robert dashed across the way " it is dangerous to take shelter under trees. " I have heard that before," I said coldly, "but I hate making a fuss, and we may annoy Mr. Legrand." " Not if we go into the kitchen," Arthur persisted. Robert quickly reappeared with umbrellas, and we followed him into the mysterious precincts of Ivy Hill-a place to me almost as interesting as an enchanted castle. Robert led us round by the back way, into a large kitchen, very much like ours at home, only more ancient. Here the " Mary" of whom I had heard took our already dripping umbrellas and placed chairs for us. I thought her a perfect dragones. Robert was the only person to whom she was in the least civil, and, although she spoke not a word to Maud or to me, she looked daggers at us. Was it because we were girls It also occurred to me that she might suspect that we had designedly broken in upon the sacred privacy of Ivy Hill. If she could only have known how very uncomfortable I felt at being there she would have softened towards me I am sure. Arthur was quite at his ease. Once while he was talking to me I begged him to speak lower, so that Mr. Legrand might not hear UB. At this the dragones relaxed slightly towards me, and when I kept fidgeting about the storm clearing off, that we might go, she condescended to say that I need not be afraid that her master could hear anything from the kitchen, as his sitting room was on the other side of the house. Robert had introduced us all to this housekeeper, whom he addressed as Mrs. Maxwell. She was a little thin woman, with a pale, sickly, querulous face. I sat silently watching her, and wondering how any man could marry such a cross- grained thing, when her husband came in. He was the exact opposite of his helpmate. middle-sized and stout in figure, he had a pleasant, jovial, benevolent-looking face, with small dark eyes which twinkled with fun and good humour. He seemed very pleased to see Robert, who repeated the ceremony of introduction. ' " Which did you say was your sister ?" Mr. Maxwell inquired of Robert in an audible whisper. ' ' You don't never mean the dark one, surety /" he exclaimed. "You do ?" Well, then, she's a perfect flower. She's a sister to be proud of. I could not hear Robert's reply, but I read it in his eyes; and it is needless to say that I thought the husband of the dragon's a man of great discrimination and taste. The entrance of this said husband had the effect of throwing us all, so that we speedily found ourselves engaged in an animated conversation upon flowers and plants. Mr. Max- well had been a gardener, and he spoke of flowers with the enthusiasm of a real love of his subject. Even Maud made herself at home with him. But I could not help wondering, while he was dilating upon some of his favourite blossoms, what it was that had induced him to select for a wife such a human thistle as Mrs, Maxwell. Then I remembered, contritely, the character for disinterested affection given her by her master, and repeated to me by Robert "Possibly," I thought, "it is this same dis- interested affection for Mr. Leg and that prompts her to scent danger when she sees two pretty girls in his vicinity." While I had been indulging in these cogitations Arthur had already discovered Mrs. Maxwell's weak side, and when I turned my attention to him it was to hear him condoling with her on account of her indifferent health. "I knew from the first," she was saying, "that this house was damp. I said to my husband that it looked as if nothing but ghosts had ever lived here and I have rheumatics that bad-But there 1 it doesn't do to be ill when the people about you don't believe in it." "But is not Mr. Legrand aware of it? I have understood that he is so thoughtful and kind that I should have thought he would not allow you to injure your health." I could have shaken Arthur for the way in which he was indirectly trying to wheedle things out of the woman; and I could have jumped up and kissed her, cross as she looked, as she retorted sharply, "And what do you know about Mr. Legrand? Nobody in this blind place does know anything about him. But I do. He's nearly an angel, if he ain't quite. I ain't going to trouble him with my aches and pains. It's other people that I'm a thinking of Arthur managed to retrieve his false step, though I could not tell how he did it-by assurance, I suppose; but I heard snatches of a catalogue of complaints poured out by Mrs. Maxwell, which was listened to with respectful attention, accompanied by sympathetic looks, by Arthur. He had found out that Mrs. Max- well was one of those people whose sole contentment 163 in believing themselves to be ill used by some one. But, to do her justice, I learned afterwards that however she might nag at her husband (who bore her reproaches like a philosopher) she rarely worried her master, and then only out of solicitude for his well being. As I watched her and Arthur I observed her eyes suddenly dilate with a kind of horror at some object behind me. I turned round, not knowing whether to expect to see some mouldy ghost rising in the room, when I beheld a small stooping figure in black, with a grave pale face, regarding us all with quiet surprise. Mrs. Maxwell hastened to explain that our party had taken refuge from the storm. "But why did you not let me know, Mary?" her master asked gently; then, bowing to Maud and me, he stepped forward and shook hands with Robert, who introduced us all I felt a little tremulous as I gave my hand to this stranger, about whom we had all talked and laughed and speculated so much and so idly. There was barely light enough to distinguish each other's faces, although, from having heard his so frequently described, I recognised it even in the uncertain light. Mr. Lcgrand welcomed us all with a order unembarrassed manner, for which I was unprepared, having understood from Robert that his friend was very shy and nervous. But it is quite a different thing to receive strangers upon your own ground-in your own house-to enter- ing a strange house and having to face a lot of inquisitive, perhaps quizzing, commonplace people for the first time. Being candles, please, Mary;" then turning to us, our host desired us to follow him. We. traversed a passage and two or three empty rooms, then entered Mr. Legrand's sitting-room. When it was lit up I was surprised and delighted at the refined taste visible everywhere, from the furniture to the works of art, J and in the arrangement of the whole. It was a room with a mind in it. I half buried myself in an easy chairs little 1 behind Maud, so that I could observe all without being myself seen, I perceived that Maud was quietly " taking all in" as well. Mr, Legrand, in his personal appearance, very nearly fulfilled the idea which I had conceived of him from the description of Robert and Maud. He certainly was deformed. Slightly humpbacked, some would have called him; whilst others would have used the milder term of a stoop in the shoulders." But, like Robert, I forgot the stranger's personal defects in looking at his face, and in listening to what he said, 'Like Robert, too, I felt irresistibly drawn towards him. I understood how it was that Robert derived such keen pleasure from this new companionship. Mr. Lcgrand and We Amery were "akin." I had always an inveterate dislike of " com- monplace" people ; Robert, however, with his deeper mind and broader views, did not share my prejudices, but gently scolded me for them, and tried to convert me to his way of thinking. Without doubt," he would say, all such would be above the common, as you call it, if they could have a choice, but, as they cannot, they are inevitably what existing circumstances, combined with inherited temperament, have made them. You will admit, at any rate, that they all belong to the one universal f airily." I admired and respected Robert for his opinions, which he invariably put into practice when opportunity offered. He was as ready to do a kindness for the most ungrateful and cross-grained people as for the most winning and amiable; and whilst his natural bias led him to prefer with a keen preference the society of the refined and intellectual, he was not more courteous to those than to the most abject beggar whom he relieved. I am sorry to say that I could not imitate him ; I am afraid, that, as I used to plead, " it was not in mc." But I did not diverge into these thoughts at Ivy Hill. I was trying hard to guess Mr. Le grand's age. His was one of those faces which are very baffling in that respect. He certainly was older than I had expected, but I had no reason for fixing upon any particular age. I had not asked Robert about it. I had somehow taken it for granted that because Mr. Legrand and Robert were friends there could be no great difference between them in years. But, though I could not satisfy myself by looking at him, I felt certain that he was much older than Robert. He might be thirty, but, to nineteen, thirty seems almost middle age. I learned afterwards that he was thirty-two. I thought that I should never tire of looking at his face. There was a wonderful charm in it I neither saw nor cared that it was not handsome. It was a chivalrous, self-denying and, above all, a loving face. As I watched the varying expression of his thoughtful gray eyes, which sometimes looked so sad I wondered who he had had to love, and who had loved him. He did not appear to have any relations. Were all his loved ones dead I was recalled to myself by hearing pronounced the magic name of " Don Quixote." "Ah," said Robert, with animation, my sister there is perfectly infatuated with him." "Indeed" said Mr-. Lcgrand, smiling at Maud, who, like myself, had not yet spoken. Indeed we had not been many minutes in the room, "Did you think that that lady was my sister?" Robert asked with amazement. " That is Miss Archer, a friend of ours." "I beg Miss Archer's pardon; but it was almost dark when I was introduced, so that I could hardly distinguish faces, and I was misled just now by the likeness between you. You are relations, of course !" Maud blushed as she disclaimed any relation ship, whilst Robert looked pleased at the idea of a likeness between him and Maud. Mr. Lcgrand was right There was great similarity between the two in complexion, in the colour of the hair, and in the form of the face, though none whatever in expression. I had never noticed this similarity myself, but I could see it when pointed out, and I have as often observed a strong likeness, as an exact contrast, between lovers, or husband and wife. "That is my sister who has purposely hidden herself behind there so cunningly. Como, Persia, and be re-introduced," said Robert, laughingly ; upon which I was obliged, though most unwillingly, to emerge into view, and it was with a heightened colour that I met Mr. Le grand'seyes. ThosocyoscxprcBsodforaninBtaut strong surprise and admiration, then smiled very sweetly, as he said, addressing me, " So you, Miss Amory, are an admirer of the 'Don?'" Upon this subjectmycmbarrassmcntvanishcd. "Admire him!" I exclaimed. "I love him. Where will you find in other books, or in real life, such a real, true, gentleman ? His very weaknesses and eccentricities are all upon the side of noblc-hcartcdncss." "You see what a little enthusiast it is," said Robert, who was highly amused at my outburst. Mr. Legrand smiled, but I noticed that his eyes had kindled sympathetically while I was speaking. " Miss Amory speaks as she feels, which is very Charming when one feels truly," he remarked ; then added, suddenly : " Have I not heard you speak of your sister's singing J" " Oh yes," Robert answered, eagerly. " She sings' I shook my head threateningly at that fond brother of mine, whose only weakness, so far at least as I could discover, was in being over proud of mc. "You will sing for Mr. Lcgrand, I know, Persia, when I tell you that he is a real lover of music" " And one who has had no opportunities of hearing any for a very long time," put him Mr. Legrand. I never required any pressing to sing. I know that I had a fine voice, and I rejoiced in the gift I sang much as the bird warbles, because singing was a part of my nature. I had never felt the slightest degree of nervousness before when going to sing, but to-night I was conscious of a slight tremor. I felt a great desire to please ray now hearer. I know by instinct that his appreciation would be something to gain, and I exulted in the knowledge that I could command it So I rose at once and seated myself at the piano. I never had to plead the silly excuse the excuse of idleness and incompetency that I could not sing without notes. I knew all my favourites-and they were legion-by heart. Besides, it would have driven all the music out of my soul to have had Arthur fidgeting and turning over the leaves of my book. As it was, it was bad enough. He changed his Boat to be near me, and in a provoking way- as if he had the right to do so-suggested the first song that I should sing. It is needless to say that I chose another. Something about Mr. Lcgrand, together with some of those vague yet subtle associations which surroundings will often suggest, influenced me to bear with " In Infancy," one of the favourites, o> "Silo, and upon that account doubly a favourite of my own. I threw my whole soul into the lovely melody, and when I had ended I received, for reward, that momentary silence which is more eloquent than that done! plaudits. The silence was first broken by Arthur, who affirmed that I had surpassed myself. I felt annoyed at his obtrusive praises, and I thought that Mr. Lcgrand perceived it. At any rate the latter merely thanked me quietly, but what he left unsaid he looked, and begged for another, yet another, song. , Robert had not a more catholic taste as regarded books than I had for songs and ballads, I treated Mr. Lcgrand to variety, at any rate. I put English, Scotch, and Irish alike under contribution, and ended with that gem of love songs, Beethoven's Adelaide. In those days I believed that I sang that well, but I lived to render it far better, after I had myself loved. Nobody can do the "Adelaide" justice who has not loved "It is wrong of me to let you find yourself Miss Amory," said Mr. Legrand, "but if you could know the rare pleasure which you have given me you would, I am certain, forgive my thoughtlessness. I have not heard such singing for many years if I ever did. Your voice and the bright faces here have taken me out of myself. I am but a lonely invalid, and it has done me good." "Oh, I am glad I" I said with warmth. I happened to glance up, when I surprised Arthur watching me with one of his sinister looks. His face cleared when he caught my eye, and he joined mc, smiling and officiously agree- able as ever, but he effectually prevented any further conversation between me and Mr. Legrand just then. The music over, we had all risen to go, but our host said that we must not think of doing so until after supper. " But it is all ready," he said, as we protested against it. He opened a door leading into an adjoining room, in which was spread a meal which did infinite credit to the drngoness, considering the short time which she had had for its preparation. Arthur contrived to sit beside me at table. and endeavoured to monopolise my attention, to my suppressed annoyance. I wished him just then at the bottom of the Boa. What especially vexed me was that he assumed an air of proprietorship towards mc. He spoke of and to me as though I belonged to him and I had a great fear lest Mr. Leg and should think that it was so. But why did I think of that at all Mr. Legrand was perfect in the character of a host He possessed the rare gift of causing those around him to unconsciously exhibit themselves at their best. He drew them out so that they spoke in a manner which surprised themselves. Even Maud was led into expressing herself with" a warmth and feeling which, I could see, both amazed and delighted Robert. As the time drew near for going home I wondered almost painfully whether this visit would over be repeated or returned; but my anxiety was relieved when, as we were taking leave, Mr. Legrand expressed a wish to Robert and myself that this meeting might not be the last. " And I hope, Mr. Legrand," I said, amazed at my own temerity, "that you will look upon us at Arbourlands, although my brother does assure me that you do not care about visit- ing." "Not as a rule, MisslAiuory, but I am not sure that I may not, for perfectly selfish reasons, pay you a visit some day-just to hear a certain bird warble," he said with a smile. " I can answer for it that the' bird will be delighted to warble for you," Robert said, as he shook hands and said good-night." Our host accompanied us to the gate, flic rain had long ceased, and the only traces of the storm were some jagged dark clouds on the horizon. The sky was full of stars, and the air was balmy and fresh, whilst the peculiar and refreshing odour of the rain-refreshed earth mingled with that of the flowers. As to myself, I seemed to have passed an evening in fairyland. I felt thrilled and excited I did not know wherefore. I only knew that I was strangely happy. As the home of the Archers was very near to Ivy Hill, Robert proposed accompanying Maud and her cousin thither. Wishing to oblige Robert, I consented to his proposition, although Ikucwthatitwould involve the infliction, though short, Of Arthur's company upon myself. We walked a little way in silence, then Arthur said, condescendingly as I thought, Mr. Leg and is a very nice person, is he not? but, there, I am sure that you thought so," he added, with one of his hateful sneers. " Then I thought nothing of the kind, Mr. Archer, for I at once recognised Mr. Leg and to be an original thinker, and a high-minded man," I said with asperity. " He ought to feel highly flattered in having found such a warm advocate in MOBS Amory, after so short an acquaintance," said Arthur, continuing his sneer. " But what a pity that he is deformed !" "As I invariably look for beauty before ugliness I scarcely noticed Mr. Legrand's deformity, as you are pleased to call it I regret to say that I am acquainted with people whose minds are much more deformed than his person," The charm and excitement of the evening just passed had soothed me into a frame of mind in which I should have preferred to walk home beneath the stars without speaking or being spoken to, and now the meeting devil uppermost in Arthur jarred upon and exasperated me, until my temper overcame my discre- tion an occurrence not unusual with me. "Well, there is no accounting for ladies' tastes," laughed Arthur. ' " There is certainly no accounting for mine, and, what is more, there is no One who has the least right to wish or to try to account for any taste or opinion of mine," I said haughtily. We had now reached Harewood, as Arthur's home was called. * While Robert was taking leave of Maud, Arthur held out his hand to me and said in a changed tone, " You are angry with me, Miss Amory, I know, and I feel that I have deserved it you cannot understand why I spoke as I did, but I will explain some other time." For the second time, and before I was aware what he was about to do, he kissed my hand, then hurriedly bade Robert good-night, and disappeared into the house with Maud. Robert and I walked home without speaking; our minds were too full for that. But whereas I divined that Robert's reflections were of a blissful character, mine were the exact opposite. Arthur had evidently felt and spoken under the influence of a ridiculous jealousy that prevented my having shown interest in the stranger-as if the former had the slightest right to make any comment upon my likes or dislikes I But his impertinent remarks were nothing to his final change of manner, and his promise of an explanation. I guessed what that explanation would be, and I dreaded it with a deep dread. We found Marget anxiously awaiting us. Telling her that I was too tired to talk that night, I hurried up to my own room and to bed, though it was long before I could sloop, [TO BE CONTINUED,] OVER, a grave in Brompton Cemetery, London, has just been set up a beautiful cross, on which appears the following inscription-. "In memory of Elizabeth Jones, who died May l8, 1881, for fourteen years the faithful servant and friend of Alexandra, Princess of Wales, by whom this monument is erected. Life's race well won, life's work well done, life's crown well won. Now comes rest. Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord." 