HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, JULY 19. PETITION PRESENTED. By Mr. FURNER from the chairman of a meeting held in Adelaide, to protest against a motion by Mr. Symon for the abolition of oaths in courts of justice. INCREASE OF THE POLICE FORCE. Mr. TOMKINSON asked whether tbe Go vernment proposed making any additions to the police force.—The CHIEF SECRE TARY stated that the Commissioner of Police had recommended an increase both in the mounted and foot police, and had asked permission to at once enrol a part of the pro posed addition. The Government had notified their approval of the proposed course, trust ing that the House would agree to it. FREE RAILWAY PASSES TO VOLUNTEERS. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in answer to Mr. B-A._-.TER. said all members of tbe Volun teer Military Force travelled free by railway when ir. uniform. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Two weeks' leave of absence was, on th motion of Mr. WARD, granted to Mr Rounsevell on the ground of urgent privat affair.: and. on the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY, a week's leave was granted to Mr. Johnson on account of illness. COMPLETION OF MILITARY-ROAD Mr. BOWER moved for a report and esti mate cf the cost of completing the -_-il.t-_._y. road from ihe Semaphore to Glenelg, an I also of tbe cost of a road direct from Adelaide to irtersect the same in accordance witti military authorities. He said that had h. been aware that the Government intended to brine in *- Bill to increase the military force ha would have moved to have a sum placed on the Estimates for the completion of the Military-road. By all military authorities it waa admitted that to enable troops to get at an enemy a good road should oe provided, and he was sura that if an enemy landed between Glenelg and the present battery it waa quite possible that the enemy would be able to come np to the city before there would be any means of checking his progress. Under these circumstances it was moat important that the Military-road should be completed. The road should be as near to the beach as possible, ao as to enable our troops to get close to the enemy's place of landing, and it would be available not only for the use of infantry, but for that of artil lery and cavalry. It might be suggested that the troops could be sent down by rail, but that means of transit would not do for artil lery aad cavalry. There should accordingly be a direct road from Adelaide to intersect the Military-road from the Semaphore to Glenelg. and no doubt the latter road would also have to be con tinued to the new north fort. — Mr. BUCKNALL supported the motion, mentioning that as Mayor of Hindmarah he had introduced to the Government an influen tial deputation in favor of the construction of auch a road aa that suggested, which would be useful both for military purposes and as a means of access to the beach for persons desirous of taking pleasure trips. The fort on the sandhills, he submitted, would be quite unprotected unless better means were pro vided for meeting an enemy who Might land on the beach. Major Lovely had said that with a hundred men he could take thc fort, and as a platform- battery had been since erected it was evident that thc authorities agreed with the opinion thus expressed. If the fort could be taken by an enemy it vronld be worse than useless, as the smaller guns could be tcrned round and used against tne Port.-The CHIEF SECRETARY said the GoA-err.iuent had no objection to the motion. The hon. member for West Ton-ens seemed to be alarmed at the position of Fort. Glanvillc, but he took a rather too unfavorable view of the matter. _s o far as platform provision was concerned, it was being made at leverx*. points aloe? the coas. in accordance with th _ suggestion made to tbe f-overnment by t.'i ? coloi;e!-cc-a!ii_.ud_._!i about t-vcl-.-,- month i ago. The Government than gave instructions for the construction of these platforms to as great an extent as the money available for the purpose would allow, and they also directed the erection of a bridge across the 1 _tawa longa Creek to allow of the crossing of troops to Glenelg, and the repair of thc worst parts of the military road. There was no doubt that the road was still in a bad state, and the Government would be glad if thc estimate of cost to be obtained was found such as to justify the carrying out of the work sug gested. (Hear, hear.)—-The motion was carried. ACCLM AITTSATION ANDZOOLOGICAL SOCIETVS GARDENS. Mr. BASEDOW moved for the production of copies of all correspondence between the board of governors of the Botanical Gardens and tho council of management of tho Accli matisation and Zoological Society, in refer ence to setting apart a piece of land of about thirteen acres, now forming part of thc botanical park, for the use of the Acclimati sation and Zoological Society for zoological purposes only; also copies of minutes of the board of governors of the botanical gar den, and copies of all other documents au.t plans relating to the matter in question, and obtainable by the Government. He said his object in calling for these plans and docu ments was to give the House the opportunity of forming a proper opinion as to the merits of Mr. Rounsevell s motion in favor of setting aside a piece of land for the use of the society. Carried. ABOLITION OF OATHS. Mr. PLAYFORD for Mr. Svmon" moved —" '.that the last-named hon. member have leave to introduce a Bill for the abolition of the administration of oaths in judicial pro- , ceedings and to make other provision in lieu thereof." He explained that Mr. Synion had decided to withdraw his original motion and to move for leave to bring in a Bill so that the House might be able to see what provision he propose.! to make in lieu of thc adminis tration of oaths, and thus lie in a position to form a better opinion on thc subject. (Hear, hear.)—The Hon J. CARR seconded the motion.—The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the Government offered no opposition to the motion, it being understood that the ques tion would be considered when the second reading of the Bill came on. Thc Govern ment in no way pledged themselves to support it. Carried. THE CONSERVATION OF WATER. Mr. TOMKINSON, in resuming the debate on Mr. Bosworth's motion respecting a Scheme for the conservation of water, said he generally concurred with the views of the mover. It was evident, however, that unless we had men talented enough to carry out a scheme of such great magnitude as this con- servation of water, the large amount of money which had been voted for the purpose, would be squandered. He was glad that the motion had been brought forward, because it would give an opportunity to the Commissioner of Crown Lands to state the policy of the Go- vernment on this very important matter. (Hear, bear.) The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said the Government were much indebted to Mr. Bosworth for his practical remarks upon what was perhaps the most im- portant question to be brought under the notice of hon. members this session. There was no doubt that the prosperity of the colony largely depended on the way in which the conservation of water was carried out. The Government scheme was not yet fully matured, as they had yet to receive further information from their officers, but he thought he could convince hon. members that the sub- ject had been by no means been overlooked. (Hear, bear.) The Surveyor-General, at his request, had prepared a brief re- port respecting his recent visit to America and the machinery he had pur- chased there. The report was as follows :— "I have the honor to report that the ma- chinery ordered by me in England, and also the pipes and plant from America, may shortly be expected to arrive in Adelaide, when operations for obtaining water by well- sinking, and its conservation by means of dams and reservoirs will be commenced with- out delay. In America I ordered about 4,000 feet of the best piping and other appliances, specially prepared 'under patent' for deep wells, for the construction of which I secured the services of Mr. Waddell, one of the most experienced artesian well-sinkers in America, who comes with his own plant prepared to work under the Government or by contract, as may most readily and economically effect the object in view. The plant is of the least complex nature to obtain this re- sult. It is stronger and requires fewer contingencies than other systems seen by me, and the result is more satisfactory." The machinery referred to in the report was simple in construction, and in some cases where the ground was at all fair as much as 70 and 80 feet a day we gone through, so that it promised to be a valuable aid to our present appliances for boring for water. The Sur- veyor-General went on to say—" The steam machinery ordered, after repeated trials and few necessary alterations, from Fowler and Co., of Leeds, comprises the following—Six complete sets of steam scoop machinery, in- cluding twelve large traction engines with winding apparatus, &c.;, complete; six large cultivators for breaking up ground to a depth of 15 inches; six large scoops capable of moving about two yards of earth at a time; one drain cutter capable of cutting a ditch 2 feet 6 inches deep, 12 inches wide at bottom and 2 feet wide at top; six traction engines and tanks complete for the haulage of fuel and water; twenty-four chain pumps with pipes, &c.; complete, and duplicates of por- tions of all the machinery likely to damage or wear, and that cannot be readily obtained in the province." These steam scoops are likely to be of great value to the colony. He had seen the work accomplished by the scoops on Sir Thomas Elder's run at Paratoo, and while they could be worked at from 4½d. to 5d. an hour, the great reservoirs they made showed how valuable they were. One of the reservoirs at Paratoo was more like a lake than anything else. It was 120 yards square and 20 feet deep, and was computed to contain two or three years' supply of water. He had also be able, while visiting Paratoo, to see the great use of the traction engines. The Sur- veyor-General further said, "The purchases made by me were confined to articles that could not at the present time be readily pro- cured in the province." He might say that the Government intended, wherever it was possible, to purchase colonial made machinery, and he was assured that boring machinery could be bought in the colonies, if not much cheaper, at least as cheap as elsewhere. In his report the Surveyor-General went on :— " On arrival of the machinery I propose com- mencing work at once, the intention being to confine operations to opening roads from the settled districts where water is abundant, towards the interior where water is scarce and difficult to obtain, and where it is neces- sary it should be provided in order to facili- tate the development of the country by the pastoral tenants, and to render the removal of stock safe during dry seasons, when they can no longer find sustenance from deficient grass and herbage. In carrying out operations it is intended to proceed systematically and cir- cumspectly, obtaining water by conservation or boring in the first instance within a work- able distance not exceeding twenty miles from a reliable supply on the commencement of the several routes, and by no means to extend operations indiscriminately, but to actually secure a sufficient water supply stage by stage until the whole work has been com- pleted. In places where the holding-ground and catchment area are good large surface reservoirs will invariably be made, and each reservoir fitted with pumps, troughs for sheep, circular troughs of special design, a shallow depth of water occupying central space and giving the appearance of a pond for cattle, stages for filling tanks. &c.; The reservoirs to have catchments, pits for filtration and cleaning, overflows, &c.;, properly fenced, and to be under the control of a caretaker, whose duties will be to keep the troughs filled and to collect the sums charged by the Government, and to keep the appliances in proper repair." Of course in order to extend the operations here spoken of a supply of water would be necessitated, and in opening up reservoirs on thc Paratoo run the men after a thunderstorm were sent out about 12 miles to sink a reser- voir, and when that was full, this perhaps being in a few years, the operations were ex- tended and the scoops were then sent out. The Government having more machinery available might be able to externd the work more rapidly. Further on the Surveyor- Gene ral said :—" Where the strata is suitable for artesian wells they will be obtained fitted with the necessary requisites and placed under proper care. The same remark applies to deep wells, and where water cannot as a rule be obtained to enable boring operations to be carried on, advantage will be taken of favor- able opportunities to construct small reser- voirs or dams for the collection of a sufficient quantity for the use of the men employed. As regards the routes, I propose to commence on the lines already indicated, the first wells or reservoirs being within workable distance from those already known to be permanent; the sites for the second series upon the same routes being fixed after careful examination, whilst the first scries are being constructed. The deputy surveyor-general had already inspected three of the travelling routes, and after his return a small lightly-equipped party had been despatched with camels and hand- boring appliances to the Musgrave Ranges route, which was one of the most difficult pieces of country to be met with. If this however were bridged over the route might be used until larger and more efficient works had been carried out. The party was now at or near the scene of operations. The Govern- ment had also made arrangements for some wells to be sunk on the route to the Mount Browne diggings. Tenders had been called for the sinking of wells and the construction of reservoirs, but the estimates of the cost were nearly twice as much as those of the officers of the Government, and no decision had yet been arrived at. He had also asked the Surveyor-General to prepare a report showing what had been done in the matter. The Surveyor-General said :—" Since my last report on the subject of travelling routes, the following works have been completed or are now in progress :—Condambo-road north- west of Port Augusta.—Tank, 69,000 gallons, Phillip's Pound, £615; 68,000 gallons. Lake Wind, about,£610;68,ooo gallons, Ashton Hill, £630, Barrier route—Thackaringa surface reservoir £1000 ; do. Mingary £1000. Each reservoir to hold over 1¼ million gallons, and these in addition to a smaller reservoir pre- viously sunk by Halliday of about half the above capacity. Clayton and Diamantina— Well in progress ; bore down 521 feet, water brackish but a good supply, artesian bore being deepened and tested." He had tasted some of this water, and although it was brackish it was good stock water. The Sur- veyor-General thought it necessary to further test the country, and judging by the results of sinking just across our border, as reported in a New South Wales paper, we had good reason to expect that by sinking deeper we would tap an underground supply of water. The Surveyor-General also said:— "Tenders have been called for six trial wells on this route (Clayton and Diamantina), but were too high for acceptance. Musgrave Ranges Route.—Two parties have been sent out to sink trial wells, and tenders have been called for opening the route to Mount Browne diggings, but they have not yet been con- sidered. They are, however, double the department estimate. The total expenditure already incurred since 1859 in opening up various roads and travelling routes is £21,673 12s. 3d. The details will shortly be prepared, and will be embodied in a report from me upon the subject. There is also in addition to the above £234 9s. 9d. expended in sinking a well upon the road from Wellington to Border Town at the spot known as the Hawk's Nest. The road is used occasionally by travelling stock, but mostly for traffic by teams. The well is within a hundred (Coolinong)." With reference to what had been done in the hundreds during the past year, he would say that out of the vote of £25,000 the works done and those in progress had cost £19,400. The sinking of wells, the construction of dams, tanks, and reservoirs, and the con- ducting of boring operations, had been carried on at 42 places, although of course the work included some repairs which had been done. The following was a list of these works :— ''Wells, dams, tanks, reservoirs, and boring apparatus, and repairs to wells, dams, &c.;, have been completed in the following locali- ties :—Wonna, King. Kalkabury, Cameron, Boothby, Barunga, Freeling, Kadina, Wal- laroo, Coonatto, Mongolata, Erskine, Butta- muck, Bower, Nackara, Bundey, Bendleby, Clinton, Mundoora, Yalpara, Telowie, Peela- weela, Hawker, Wirrandee, Coglin, Hawk's Nest, Maitland, Point Pearce, Whitwarta, Tipara Springs, Tiddi Widdie, Pine Point, Moonta, Launcelot, Eurelia, Keilli, Point Pass, Bumbunga, Koolywurtie, Yongala, Terowie, Snowtown. Works have been proposed and partly arranged for in the following places:—Tiparra, Kilkerran, Wonna, Bnttamuck, East Moonta, Wallaroo, Tickera, Wiltunga, Cavenagh, Willowie, Nackara, Blyth, and Port Broughton. Works done and contemplated as above will cost £19,400." Respecting a supply of water for Wallaroo he said three schemes had been propounded, one being to take the water from Skilligolee Creek, another to take it from the Burra, and another to take the water from Crystal Brook. He thought the Skilligolee Creek scheme would be too expen- sive, as the water would have to be carried to a considerable height for a long distance. He was glad to be able to say that the boring operations at Snowtown had been most suc- cessful, and that the water had risen very considerably. In so important a matter as water conservation it was necessary that the Government should proceed very cautiously: and although the Government agreed with some of the principles of the motion they asked that the motion might, considering all the circumstances of the case, be withdrawn. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PLAYFORD also suggested that the motion should be withdrawn. The whole question would have to be very carefully con- sidered, or they would find that they were taxing the many for the benefit of the few. In Victoria the shire councils undertook the various schemes of water conservation and in order to carry out these schemes they bor- rowed money from the Government. Now as these councils had to guarantee the Government a fair rate of interest on the money so borrowed, it would be seen that they would naturally be very careful to see that the works were properly carried out, and that the people paid a fair amount for the ad- vantages they enjoyed by means of the works. So far as the supply of water to townships like Wallaroo was concerned, he said when the supply was given it was the duty of thc Government to see that the people paid the interest on the money ex- pended and kept the waterworks in repair. (Cheers.) The principle to be adopted was that the conservation of water on the travel- ling stock routes for the benefit of teamsters and other travellers should be carried out at the expense of the country, but in townships and villages the residents should be made to pay something for the advantages accruing from a good supply of water, while at the same time they should have a right to say whether they desired such a supply. (Hear, hear.) He noticed that Mr. Bosworth had said nothing in his motion as to tbe provision of the money for thc various schemes he sug- gested, and this was a most important point. He thought that by adopting the principle in vogue in the other colonies, and lending the money to the local authorities to carry out the waterworks, thc works would be more cheaply and perhaps more carefully carried out. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HOWE considered this ouestion could not be too often discussed by the House on account of its immense importance to the country. He did not think that the pastoral lessees would object to a small tax on then stock travelling to market, and this tax might easily be collected by the officer in charge of the particular route. Iu the matter of providing water for our Crown lands, the question of revenue did not come on for con- sideration, because when the land was sold the colony would reap the advantages of the improvements effected. In hundreds the Government were willing to supply water so long as a sufficient number of substantial men entered into a guarantee to pay the in- terest on the works carried out. He thought it would be a mistake to throw the works upon the local authorities, as it could be more efficiently and more cheaply carried out by the officers of the Government. In some villages and towns it might not be well to saddle the people with the whole of the cost of the water supply, because the water might have been in the first place absolutely neces- sary to keep our public works —such as our railway engsines—going. Mr. FURNER pointed out that the people on the Peninsula actually paid 50 per cent, and even 7o per cent, more for their water than the people in Adelaide and the suburbs. He agreed that in the matter of water con- servation that the district councils and cor- porations should be consulted more than they had been in the past, as serious mistakes which had been made might be prevented. He agreed, also, that if the money on these works were expended by the local authorities it should be money borrowed from the Govern- ment, and a fair rate of interest should be guaranteed to the Government, and if this principle were carried out the idea of Mr. Bosworth might be a very good one. Mr. BRIGHT thought, after the statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lands that the Government intended to introduce a Bill providing for an extensive scheme of water conservation, that the motion had better be withdrawn. Mr. LANDSEER considered Mr. Bos- worth had done good service by calling at- tention to this subject, the importance of which could not be over-estimated, but as the Government were sincere in their endeavors to carry out a suitable scheme of water con- servation he suggested that the motion should be withdrawn. Mr. BOSWORTH, in reply, expressed his pleasure at the statement made by thc Com- missioner, because it had shown him that more had been done in the matter of water conservation than he had expected. He took exception to what he called the unfair re- marks of Mr. Playford as to an omission of his to state in the motion how the money for this scheme was to be provided, because in his (Mr. Bosworth's) speech he had stated that the Government by a system of rating would receive a revenue from the works. The motion was withdrawn. ACCUSED PERSONS OATH BILL. This Bill waa read a third time and passed. AUDIT BILL. Mr. COOKE resumed the debate on the second reading of this Bill, and having dealt with the actionof the finance commission with respect to the loan and land funds, said the present measure was one of great importance, inasmuch as by the appointment of the audit commissioners the position of the Ministry with regard to financial matters was to a con siderable extent affected, as the conduct of thc audit office was placed more under the control of Parliament and lest under that of thc Government. He also pointed out that "if the Bill were carried the old ghost of "unex pended balanoeB"wouidbeeffect___llylaid,the measure providing that the expenditure of money voted for any particular year should be expended in that year, and unexpended lialanccs would then have to be brought for ward in thc next year's estimates. Another important alteration was that the book. _st"___ i ot t*"- kept ?y *he audit office should be regarded as in the care of the Treasury. The commissioners of audit would only be responsible for seeing that the books were kept on a proper system. As regard i the imprest system, there was no re ference made to it in the Bill, and wisely so, as the measure would provide fo any system that might be adopted in thi. particular respect. Provision was also made for the auditing of corporation and district council accounts without it being stated posi tively tbat they should be audited. The Government, he thought, should subject municipal accounts to an audit in order to see whether they were kept upon a proper plan, and whether thc Government subsidies were properly expended. He did not, bow ever, favor an interference with the accounts of municipal bodies in any other way. He would like it to be laid down more clearly in the Bill that the commissioners had full power in their own department. This was provided by implication in the Bill, but it should be not only implied but clearly stated that it was the duty of the commissioners to ex ercise full control over the affairs of their own department. Accordingly he desired to intro duce a new provision to make it binding on the commissioners to so watch the keeping of accounts as to ensure their being kept in a proper manner, and also to give them power to issue orders and frame regulations for the guidance of their officers. He further pro posed to amend the second clause so as to bring it more into harmony with the English practice as to the responsibility of the audit office to Parliament. Mr. BRIGHT supported the second read ing of the Bill, but agreed with the amend ment of clause 2 suggested by Mr. Cooke, and considered an alteration of clause 35 necessary so as to require the audit commis sioners to audit whenever necessary the accounts of district councils and corpora tions upon their own responsibility instead of their doing so merely when required by tbe Governor. Mr. PLAYFORD supported the Bill. He would, however, oppose the attempt to have the accounts of municipal bodies audited, because he believed that if any corporation deliberately set to work to cheat the Govern ment, the accounts could be so kept that no mere audit would be sufficient to expose the fraud. In proof of this he mentioned that when in office as Commissioner of Crown Lands he strongly suspected a particular municipal body of cheating the Government, but no irregularities were discovered in the accounts, after they had been examined most carefully by two of the smartest officers in the audit office. It was only when a surveyor was sent to value the work which liad been done that it was clear that the Govern ment had not been fairly dealt with. He suggested the appointment of travelling inspectors under the audit commissioners, to i visit post-offices, railway stations, and local I courts, at times when they were not expected, to examine the accounts kept by the officers, and see whether they were kept in a regular and proper manner. The TREASURER, in replying, defended the provisions of Clause 2as to thc nut-in..,, in i which the audit commissioners were made responsible to Parliament, and pointed out that they were based on the Victorian prac tice. He considered that full power had been given in the Bill to thc audit commissioners, and thought that the criticisms of Mr. Cooke in this respect were somewhat hypercritical. If that hon. member wished the commissioners to have power to make regulations for the officers of their own department with out regard to the Ministry, he thought the hon. member was asking for too much. He understood that Mr. Bright wished to make it compulsory that the commissioners should audit the accounts of municipal bodies, but that opened up a large question which had frequently been brought under the attention of the House, and it would have to be very carefully considered before it was decided. The second reading of the Bill was carried, and thc measure was then taken into com mittee. The proviso to clause 12, as to the including of lapsed votes in the Appropriation Bill, was altered by striking out the words "Appropriation Bill** and in_er_iiig * * the estimates cf expenditure.*' Clauses 10, 20, and 34 were also sbghtly amended. Clause 35. Commissioners to aiidit accounts of corporations or other bodies receiving Government aid " when required so to do by the Governor."—Mr. BRIGHT i>ro]_o__ed to strike out the words included within quota tion-mark.. his object lieing to throw on thc audit commissioners the responsibility of auditing tlie accounts of these bodies when ever necessary; but as it was pointed out that the effect of thc suggested alteration would be to absolutely require the commissioners to audit all corporation and district council accounts the amendment was not pressed. The word " Governor** was, at the suggestion of Mr. PLAYFORD, struck out, and the words " Chief Secretary** were inserted in lien thereof.—The clause as amended was agreed to. The House resumed, the Bill was reported, and the consideration of tbe report waa fixed for the following day. CONSTITUTION AMENDMENT BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in moving the second reading of this Bill, referred totli fact that although many select committee and royal commissions had been appointed tzy consider thc question of the representation o the electors of the colony in the House o Assembly, matters had remained in prett' much thc same state for the last twelve o thirteen years. During the recess anothe royal commission had been appointed, and as the result of their'deliberations the presen measure was now before the House. Air Playford, as a member of tiiat commission had entered his protest against the report, o tbe ground that cases in which districts were over-repiesented had not been dealt with, but he would remind that hon. member that he was a member of thc commission which met in 1579, and agreed that popula tion was not alone a fair basis of representa tion. (Hear, hear.) The last commission had no doubt considered this point, and had also agreed that it would be better to intro duce a Bill Avhich would be likely to meet with general approval than one which might create so much dissatisfaction that it would not be carried into law. At the present time there were 22 districts returning 40 members, some returning three members and others two, while one district had one member. The commission bad thought that each district should return two members, and the Bill consequently piovided for 20 districts, which would return two members each. It had liecn felt that Flinders, with 7,002 electors, the Burra, with 0,023 electors, and Wallaroo, with 3,40-2 electors, were insufficiently re presented ; and following the general principle that no district should return only one member. North Adelaide was also insufficiently represented. It was not considered expedient to make any alterations in the old established districts, one of the reasons 1 icing, so far as thc southern districts were concerned, that population generally was too unstable to deprive them of their pre sent representation. _ Now, although North Adelaide was a city district, it was considered necessary, owinp to the comparatively small number of electors on thc roll, to add to the district Prospect and Walkerville, so that thc electoral roll mi__ht be brought up to a pro per number. Wallaroo not being adequately represented it had been determined to divide it into two districts, each returning two mem bers, tbe principle on which thc commission h.-id proceeded bfin- to place thc mining townships in one district and thc agri cultmal parts of the district in another. In Port Adelaide the \\-oting strength was 3 . _*, and Woodville would be removed from that district and placed in thc district of Wrst Tenons, Avhile a portion of the Idi-tri.-t. of Yatala would he taken out of the Port Adelaide district and placed iu that of V.'cs ' Torrcns. East Torrcns would lose Walker* | villc with 31!) electors, but would even then i have 4.355 electors on the roll. In the tlistrict jof Light A-cry little alteration would be made, 1 but the district would be deprived of one of its present members. (Mr. Playford— " Wliich one," and laughter.) Oh! none o the present members. (Laughter.) The Go vernment could not take the responsibility of deciding such a delicate question. (Laughter.) With the alterations the district would still be left with 2,772 voters on thc roll. He had already referred to the "contemplated altera tions in the "district of Wallaroo; and coming to the Burra which had a voting strength cf (i,023, a portion of that district would go to form the new district of Gladstone, but 3,325 electors wotdd still be left. A portion of the district of Stanley would also be added to the dist_-ictofG_a___tone,and Stanley would then have 2,409 electors. The new districts of Gladstone, Frome, and Newcastle would have 2,542, 3.752, and 3,568 electors respec tively. In Flinders out of which the two districts of Frome and Newcastle would be substantially carved, there would be left a voting population of 2,810. Most hon. mem bers were vitally interested in this Bill, and he hoped that ihe measure which was only dealing out substantial justice to several dis tricts in the north which were at present under-rrnrescnted would speedily pass into law. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. FURNER bad fought very strongly as a member of the electoral districts commission for the divi sion of Wallaroo into three districts, each returning two members. The new alterations were being made in the interests of the farmers, and although the mining interest was one of thc most import ant in the colony it would be left with only two representatives. What should be done was to rake thc southern portion of the Yorkcs Peninsula and make that a portion of the district r.f Flinders, because the interests of thc settlers in both localities were the same. Then be would draw a line between the towns of Moonta and Wallaroo and make two further districts, dividing Moonta from Wal laroo and Kadina, because there was naturally some amount of rivalry between the towns. So far as thc report generally was concerned he must say that he agreed with it. He had sympathised to a considerable extent with the prottstof Mr. Playford, but had con sidered it might be best before dealing with OA-er- repreaented districts to mete out justice to those districts which at present were not sufficiently represented. (Hear, hear.) —On the motion of Mr. GILBERT thc debate was adjourned until the following day. The House, at 5.25 p.m., adjourned until the following day. 