SPORTING NOTES. The Bendigo Jockey Club has decided to empower the committee to take the necessary steps for working a totalisator. There are fifty-five horses still remaining in the Metropolitan Stakes. At a meeting of the committee of the V.R.C., held on Tuesday last, the following gentlemen were elected for the ensuing, year viz:— Chair- man, Captain Standish. Stewards, Messrs. C. B. Fisher, R. Goldsbrough, M. O'Sbanassay, R. Powor, D. S. Wallace, Starter, G. Watson. Treasurer, J. C. Walkor. JudgeVJ. Johnston. Hnndicapper E, T. Barnard. . - Socretary, H, Jlyrou Moore. Works oommittoo, G. Watson, ,W. Leonard, M. O'Shanasay, D,; S, WollapQ. Finnnco committoe, Captain Standish, A, W. Robort8ou, Robert Power. 1 For winning tho'Gcclong Winter Handicap Littlo Jack will havo to carry a penalty !of 31bs iu the Melbourno Cup, bringing bia weight, up to fist dibs.' j Thei o are 82 ontrios for the Hurdle Raco at the A.J.O Spring meeting, 14 being from .Victoria.. : . i . ! Mr Gannon has. resigned - hia .position as & tarter for the Hawkeabiiry Race' Clubhand has bfon elected an honorary life member. M? Richards will bo his successor., C' . J Several members of the Victoriau ring havo gone to Sydney, where they will fattond. the Sydney Turf Clqb and . Tattd'sall's "moot- i .. ; . \ . Lamplightor by Ferryman from Gasw'orksiis u tho hands of Campbell, Pratt and Co. ' for ' ' 1 ' Y Tbo prizes won at tho into Gcolbng; nieofc- iug wore paid over on Tuesday. Mr Branch Teceivod L110 for Little Jack's victory, and Mr McRao L10J for Collingivood's >'vln.in 1 fciio Steeplechase ' Thon camo Mr Joseph ilor- lieon, L78, Mr S, Cook, L75, and Mr.- M'Donald, LG(j, ' !- Hereford Bay was on. tho Gcolbng .'racc'; course last Saturday. He is in tbo St; | Albans stable, j Martini-Henry wns scratchod for the Uarl-. byrnong Plato on 13th July. : Meears W. Branch and J. Wilson have bo- Iwcen them purchased 1200 acros of land 'oloio to Quoenscliff and have determined to erect a number of boxes nnd a training .track, Tlio placo is only . about, a dozen iniles from St. Albans, and tho railway runs past both, . Motca', full brother to Darebiu, is to stand lit Mooneo Ponds this eoason. ; . Thero aro '47 still in thoHdwkosbury Handi" :»1>- ... I ' Sarsfield arrived this morning on tho Flora ington'4 training ground. Witli Jollett 'uji'h'o went three times round tlie'courso proper, .The horaelwAslooking Bplcndid. For tlio Derby and Cup Sogonhoo and Bel mont havo been baokod for a good'eum; thoSt. Albans oolt has also comb into, the betting for tho Cup, boing 3000 to 90 taken In. one Hue Notwithstanding this move, howover.Heroford Bay is howi the Cup 'favorite, 100 to 4 being wanted, ' -' v; i For Caulfield a moderate business is doing on the "jumps." Thoro is yet no fancy double. 100 to 4 is offered about the dotiblo, Sportsman or Annie Laurie Boing soloctod for tbe hurdles, coupled with Lcft.Bower, ChrysaHs. and Sara- field for the Stebplo. 1 In football there is moro than tlio .usual Bpecniation over the Geelong and South Mol- , bourne match to bo played noxt Saturday on tho South Melbourno Cricket Ground, This morning 0 to 4 wris oifored on Goolong, The friends of tho 'South stand 'out for ,2 to 1, At tbo Victoriau ' .Club, speculation on coursing ovonts is vory tamo this woek»JMany of the. metallicianB and turfitoa'aro now iu Sydney, but will return for'- tho Gaulfiold meeting. ; 1 : . . -. Doubles ou tho A.J.O. and V.R.O, .Dorbya 'ore now inquired for,1 and wo noto tho twb Sogeuboes taken at 100 to 15. . Eros is scratched for tbo Caulfield Hurdle race, and Wizard and Ghost , for, tbe Amatour FlatRaco, _t , , 