Melbourne. March 28. xhc Age defends Bryant's statements regard* ing the designs of Russia on the colonic*, aud in replying to the comments ;g£ the Argus shows much circum6tan;ial evidence in support of the alleged intentions of Russia. The excitement in the affair is subsiding. A new tri.il in the libel ca£e of Williams v. Argus has been granted. A fire has occurred iu the Australian Litlio :riictcur Company's works, at Braybrook. It s supposed that a 6park ignited some combus :ibles in n shed. ' Intelligence has been received here to the rfioct that tbe ship Sabraoti arrived at Cape Fown on the 23rd instant, and reported 'all tvell.' A public movement has been initiated for Lhc reduction of the hours of employment fur ^muibus diiverB, Judge llnckett will be granted three months additional leave of absence in conscqucnce of ill-health. At the expiration of liis leave he will probabl) retire on a pension of £750 per atinnm. A number of Chinameu have applied to the Commissioner of Customs for the remission of the poll tax in special eases. They state they are about to visit other colonics on business that is urgent, and they ought not to be taxed as immigrants on their return. Mr. Graves refused their request, on tbe ground of the difficulty of identification. Tbe Victoria Amateur Turf Club meering was held at Caulfield, and was very successful. Hurdle Race : Glenrowan, 1 ; Monitor, 2 ; Little Duchess, 3. South Yarra Handicap : Sir Joseph, I; Bir One, 2; Hyacinth, 3. Steeplechase : Actress, 1 j Twilight, 2. Rich mond Handicap: John Pe l, 1; Ghost, 2; Harp of Erin, 3. Eighteen started. A young man named Hartlc, who has been iu the habit of riding betwe.-u Albury an I Wolouga on Sundays, was recently suspected of suiuggliug opium iuto Victoria. Last Sunday a policcman stopped him as he was crossing Murray bridge, and took four tins of opium from him. He was brought up at the Wodonga Police Court. : j The Consul-General for the Netherlands, in ; reference to a cablegram announcing an Exhi bition at the Hague, states that the Exhibition in question will be held at Amsterdam, The Tasmanian Stc.im Navigatiou Company have appointed Cuptaiu A. T. Woods, one of , the oldest captains in the service, as manager of the branch at Launccston, March 29. Bryant, who coucoctcd the Russian scare, is recognised by the detectives as a French refugee from New CalcJouia who served a penal sentence there for false pretences. 