HEARTRENDING RESULT OF IN TOXICATION. When geese take to drink, the result is preposterous. For nature never meant geese to get intoxicated. In the first place they have no hands to hold on to lamp-posts with ; while at the best of tunes their balance is precarious. Even when sober, a fat goose, if travelling cn uneven ground, constantly cants forward on to its beak, or backwards on to its tail ; but when inebriated it is utterly helpless. A short while ago, a farmer's wife in Germany had been- making some cherry brandy ; but as she found, during the pro cess, that the fruit was unsound, she threw the whole mass out into the yard, and without looking to see what followed, shut the window. As it fell out, a party of geese, good fellows all of them, happened to be waddling by at the time, and seeing the cherries trundling about, at once investigated them. The pre liminary enquiry proving satisfactory, these misguided poultry set to and ate the whole lot. The effect of the spirituous fruit was soon apparent, for on trying to make the gate which led from the scene of the debauch to the liorsepond, they found everything against them. To escape the difficulties some lashed their rudders and hove to, others tried to run before the wind, while the rest tacked for the pigstye. But there was no living in such weather, and one by one the craft lurched over and went down allstranding. Meanwhile the dame, the unconscious cause of this disaster, was attracted by the noise in the fowlyard, and looking out, saw her ten geese behaving ridicuously. The gander himself, usually so solemn and decorous, was balancing himself on his beak, and spinning round the while, in a prodigious flurry of feathers and dust, while tlje old grey goose, remarkable even among her kind for the cir cumspection of her conduct, was lying stomach iipwards in the gutter, feebly gesti culating with her legs. Others of the party were no less conspicuous for the extravagance of their attitudes and gestures, while the re mainder were to be seen lying in a helpless confusion of feathers in the lee scupper — that is to say, the gutter by the pigstye. Per plexed by the spectacle, the dame called in her neighbours, and after careful investigation it was decided that the birds had died of poison. Under these circq instances their carcases were worth nothing for food, but, as the neighbours said, their feathers were not poisoned, and so they set to work then and there and plucked the ten geese bare. Not a fehther did they leave qn the gander, not a tuft of down on the old grey goose, and the job completed, they left the dame with her bag full of plumage and her ten plucked geese, not without assuring her, we may be certain, of their sympathy with her in her loss. Next morning the good woman got up as usual, and, remembering the feathers down stairs, dressed betimes, for it was market day, and she hoped to get them off her hands at qnce. And then she bethought her of the ten plucked bodies lying in the porch, and resolved that they should be buried before she went out. But as she approached the door, on these decent rites intent, and was turning tie key, there fell on her ears the sound of a familiar voice— and then another, until at last the astonished dame heard in full chorus the well-known accents of all her plucked and poisoned geese. The throat of the old gander, 110 doubt, was a trifle husky, and the grey goose spoke in muffled tones, suggestive of a chastening headache ; but there was no mistaking those tongues, and the dame,- fumbling at the door, wondered what it all might mean. Has a goose a ghost ? Did any one ever hear or read of the spectre of a gander ? The key turned at last ; the door opened, aud there, quacking in subdued tones, suppliant and shivering, stood all her flock ! Not a ghost was there among them, for all these were plump and hearty fowls ; but, alas, among them all there wa3 not enough feathers to have winged one anew. There they stood, the ten miserable birds 5 with splitting headaches and parched tongues contrite and dejected, asking to have their feathers back again. The situation was pain ful to both parties. Here were the geese be fore her, bald, penitent and shaking with the cold ; there in a corner were their feathers in a bag. But how could they be brought to gether 1 She called in her neighbours again, but they proved only sorry comforters, for they reminded her that it was she and no one else who had thrown the brandied cherries to the geese. The poor fowls, brought up to confide in her, and repaying her care of them by trustful reliance, could never, her neigh bours said, have beeu expected to guess that, when she threw the vinous fruit in their path, she, their own familiar mistress, at whose hands they looked for all that waB good, could have intended to betray them into shocking excesses of intoxication, and deceive them to their ruin. Yet, so it was. Accepting the feast spread out before them, the geese had partaken gladly, gratefully, and freely of the insiduous cherry, and the result was this, that the geese were in one place and their feathers in another. As it was with Job, these " oblique expostulations " qf her friends wore harder for the widow to bear " than the downright blows of the devil," and so, turning frorn her neighbours she gathered all her bad poultry about her round the kitchen fire, and sat down to make them flannel jackets, Teaching a Calf to Drink. — Those who have had the mournful experience know that there is nothing more trying to the soul than the operation of teaching a young calf to drink. The process is familiar to every man who has brought up a calf from iufancy. You seize a pail of warm milk, go into the stable, catch the calf by the ears, back him into the a corner, and bestride his neck. The idiot rather like this, and while you are reaching for the pail he employs his time in slobbering the lower corners of your jacket. You discover what the blockhead is about and box his ears. You can't help it. You feel that way and let him have it. But the calf can't tell for the life of him why he has been struck, and he gives a sudden and un expected " flounce." He believes he will go over and stay on the other side of the stable, but he doesn't announce this beforehand. He starts on the impulse of the moment, and you can't tell just when he arrives there. You ride along with him a little way. But the laws of gravitation are always about the same. Your legs — one on each side of the critter — keep lip with the calf for about a second, but your body doesn't. You slide over the calf, and your back kisses the floor. Your head is soaking in a pail of milk. When you get up you are mad — uncommonly so. Milk runs from your hair and imprecations out of your mouth, and you solemnly declare that you will teach that calf to drink or break his neck. The calf doesn't know of this re solve, and he glares at you in stupid fright across the stable. He was not awaro that he was the cause of your downfall, and wonders ignorantly what is the matter. You don't try to explain it to him, but furiously catch him by the ears, look back up towards it, dragging a calf after you. The calf is out of wind, and you haven't a partiole of grace left in your heart. You are astride of the calf's neck, and jamming the fingers of one hand in the calf's mouth, you place the other on the baok of his head and shove his nose into the pail, fully resolved to strangle him if he don't drink. The calf holds perfectly still- ominously so— and there is silence for the space of half a minute, at the end of which time the blockhead, who. hasn't drunk a drop, suddenly makes a splurge, knocks the pail over ; you are again reduced to. a horizontal from a perpendicular, and when you rise the excitement is intense. You have been soaked with milk, " slobbered " on, and hurt. Not a drop of milk has gone down the brute's throat, and there he stands glaring at you, ready to furnish you with another free ride wherever you want to. go. With an affidavit you bang him over the head with the empty pail, and hobble out of the pen, fully re solved to let the four-footed fool starve ; and thus ended the first lesson. — American paper. 