MPGORAMMATIG FETTEROGRAPHS. Our readers were invited to furnish for publication fetterographs not exceeding twelve lines each, upon any subject beginning with £, and with the letters C and D entirely excluded. The following are all that remain for publication:— "Emulation is noble," at least so 'tis written, A motto I will not say nay to just now. For, by Jingo, the baby—that noble young Briton, Is trying its best, although frequently bitten, To surpass by its gambols our tortoiseshell kitten, In squalling like winking—in making a row. Laroo. "Engine of torture, hang it, how I hate it." " What meanest thou; a pistol, gun, or rifle, A musket or revolver ? If so state it." " No, no. Rot that; alas, I owe a trifle— Only a trifle to that irate tailor, Vet, sure as eggs, he vows he will Pursue me with his little bill, Or find me fresh apartments witli the jailer. But, I say, Frank, I wish to borrow. Say twenty guineas till to-morrow. What say you, Frank ?' " That you're a jolly bore. Ta-ta, I'm off, I'll see you—never more." Philomath. Evening returns with the sweetness of rest To the weary from labour's fatigue; To footsore, poor travellers, by hunger opprest, Who've been tramping o'er many a league. But joys for the heart ol the parent now wait That the soft breath of summer instils; The wayfarer sees the hospitable gate Where he soon gets relief from his ills. The evening of life, when the leaves are all gone From the trees and the blossoms are spent, The weary on earth may have rest on the morn. Where the glories of heaven aTe sent. Karnac. Evening "arove" at last; I slept, bat not as sleep the wisely brave, But as the felons, who in phrenzy rave When, shut in prison fast, The weak expiring ray Of hope no longer beams upon the heart. I slept, but ah f a sharp impulsive start Now shook my prostrate frame. I felt a pang of shame. Was it the ghost of some forgotten sin ? Was it?—Ah! no: it was that hateful sin" I took, the very same." Morphia. We now invite for publication Fetterographs not exceeding twelve lines each upon any subject beginning with G, and with the letter r entirely excluded. Each of such lipoerams should commence with the word selected as the subject upon which it treats. 