MM. HETDON on the LEADER of THE GREAT LIBERAL PARTY, (Freeman's J ournal. } Mr. Graham Berry's late deliverance in Sydney seems to have had one consequence which not even that wily fisher for followers could have anticipated. Whatever influence his suave and plausible address was calcu lated to exercise on the minds of the double tossed multitude, nobody for a moment imagined that the most zealous of new conyerts to the policy of protection would be prepared to absolve Mr. Berry himself from the iniquity of some of his worst acts. Yet one at least of the little group of budding politi cal reformers in this colony who delight to sit at the feet of this unscrupulous dema gogue has not hesitated to do this. Mr. L. F. Hey don, on Monday night, in a studied defence of the policy of the Protection League, seems to have excited considerable enthusiasm by preaching up Berry and at tempting to palliate Black Wednesday : — He considered, (he said) that the League had acted wisely in sending for the Hon. Graham Berry to open the campaign (applause and laughter). In him they had, at all events, a gentleman of popularity, and one who had led the great Liberal party of Victoria to undeniable success. In the heat of the strife, things might have been done by that gentleman which perhaps men who were at peace, and when the blood was cool, might deem unwise ; but, at all events, he had been courteous to us in dealing with the Freetrade principles of this colony (hear, hear). The great body of Mr. Heydon's fellow colonists, and particularly his fellowCatho lics, will be pained and astonished at hearing from him an apology, in any terms, for one of the worst, if not the very worst, political crimes ever committed in the colonies. As an act of political revenge, a whole body of the Civil Service of Victoria were ruthlessly evicted from their offices, including, in two cases of Catholics, the heads (permanently appointed) of the departments. The Catholic officials, from the highest to the lowest — from Mr. Wardell, the designer of our new Cathedral and of our noblest Catholic edifices, to the obscurest messenger in the several departments — were deliberately marked out as the victims of Mr. Berry's revenge. And yet it is of this cruel, cold blooded wrong, by which hundreds of Catholic families have been sunk in hopeless destitution, that a young Catholic M.P., the newly-elected representative of a Catholic constituency, speaks in mild and mincing and apologetic phrases. As infamous a political act. as ever was recorded is coolly referred to as one which, or ' perhaps,' men whose blood was cool, or 'perhaps,' cold blooded men, 'might deem uniuise' — not infamous, as it really was, but, ' perhaps' unwise ! Perhaps we shall next hear of the Kiama ghost-rising . in similar mincing terms. We are sorry that we should have to speak in terms of censure of any of. our Catholic representatives. But it would be criminal to keep silence when wo have to listen to such language on such a subject, and while, moreover, Mr. Berry himself is being panegyrized as a leader ' of the great Liberal party' worthy of the imitation and admiration of the people of this colony. We had hoped better of Mr. Heydon, for he might fairly aspire to a respectable place amongst the large and increasing ranks of sincere Protectionists without trying to out bid them, and thus committing, at the least, a silly indiscretion. 