REV. J. :000K AT;HOBART: ' (From 'our 6W 'Correspondent:} ' ' iil . '?? ' j;,',1.. uHobadt, Sept.3. . The Rev. .' Joseph', Oook,' , the famous champion of brtlio'doxy.. and , opponent of scepticism; delivered 'an address at the . Town Hall, this afternoon. ? .^The great lecturer is1' unassisted' by any' charm of ap- . pearance, ! manner, or delivery, but Ins earnestness, clsar and impressive diction,, and loner studv of , the .relations between man and the Deity,; together with what has been thought: or i written on-the sub jectj gave him apower -sufficient' to hold the steady attention of any audience. ? The hall was crowded a, quarter ? of an hour before Mr. Oook appeared. : Several clergymen and laymen occupied positions on the platform. After the hymn '-'all peoplethat on earth do dwell' was sung, and th^ Rev. McLaren Webster had de livered prayer. '?';. ' . ; ., Mr.1 Cook -stood up , and' quo! ed* Sir Henry Havelook'a . statement, that ' the ?way to Heaven' was as .short from India as from any .other part 'of the globe,' and added that Havelock '..might have said that it was ther same whether it was taken from India,- from Australia, from the hedgerows of old England, among the Scotch rocks, or the American prairies, great rivers, and lakes. , He would dis cuss that afternoon the religious future of Australia,: ? and ' would , : endeavour i to give ':an ? answer I to- the question ' What ought to be th'e teaching of the present generation in . Australia^ if future generations are not to miss the, .way to Heaven?' It was a: , solemn ?. question, which that very audience could decide for Tasmania, \l they could resolve to , do, not their second best, but/ their jffirst. best.; Whoever wished to dovthe utmost for the. future 'of ii his country would;, enter his closet and listen to what God eaidtliare. He '? then read a number of selected pas sages from the Bible, .chiefly relating, to prayer, and reminded his; audience that these were not written for, past ages, ;or other 'continents, 'but for them,, and drew them; with him into an earnest , prayer. Mr. Cook next., quoted from the book pi Daniel', .chapter. ,6, v. , lftf- ' He. kneeled upprn, his knees three times a, day, .and ? prayed, and gave thanks before his, God tj' ahe also from Matthewj, chapter ,'6, v. 6—; ' When thou prayest enter inta thy closet, . and when thou hast Bhut thy,,,clqor pray to thy Father which, is in secret,', Scipio, the great Roman general, ; never entered upon the' execution ? of /any ?'important public, enterprise without first going to the Oapitpl) .where he sat 'some/time alone in secret prayer, receiving, as he, believed,, communication from;, the gods,: and he asked ; whether- those present, 'whom he; called thepilgrini' motherland [fathers' of Australia, seeing the^importarit enterprise ; in which', .they' 'were /engaged, ,jn! building, up a great; - power .in ? the southern .hemisphere, should 'not' seek guidance as the pagan1 Scipio had;done in ?f.fi'o 'oiorftf nil aWiT-inr nf nravpir -Hrimilri fhftv. not seek the direction and! communication, of the Holy Ghost, which it was promised inthat book: would be 'given sooner than fathers give bread' to ,' their children.' The: eyes' pf IndiSj' China,; 'Japan j .the eyes'of the world, .were up*6n ;Australia,. and tney stood .as the pilgrim fathers to generations., who -would ? succeed . them. The population1 of Australia would in crease greatly ;' on the continent, ajCres- cenlwas forming, the .tips of which' were a'ftKe north of Australia, and the. broad part at Adelaide; Melbourne,' and Sydney, while close by'this crescent was a .star |of _the first magnitu l.a, Tasmania, and not far t-ff another star, i-New Zealand.. He. urged1 them 'to keep black-handed infi delity off those lands. ? It' was for, them so to act' that the ligtit of 'the crescent' and the two stars' might grow.1 : . The'three or four millions'fwould increase to fifty or a hundred millions,' and the' present gene \ ration 'stood- 'irir trust1 for them™ and. fqr the whole British empire.1 ' Here there' ?was no connection ' between Church and State, and1 'this '.was ^requisitej. other wise churches would ri;'lose their support. ' With' a ?' free J State and a'free church, if successful,' they would have many things to instruct Great Britain and Canada in. Was it. manly.'.'.or womanly, with'these immense- responsibilities upon them, to neglect to go: to God? They stood,' as ' ? it; were, ' on! -an 'Australian Plymouth' Rock,:.and he*asked;them to kneel and keep ''there i till 'communication wasTeceived from _G6d.i: 'Four things' it was said were requisite iriprayer— adora- tion, .confession, thanksgiving, .' and petition. -To these he would add'a fifth,' total self-surrender to God. A great' deal was! said about the 'scientific metnbdy and he invited thbih1 to 'apply ; the, scientific method experience : as thiB test of truth. Try prayer with the' five' elements he had; named, and see if it was hot answered.' There was an instinct of' prayer, 'a.iid, as' in everything else in' God s: creation, he believed that -instinot had, a purpose. Holy writ, -and all experience testified to it.: He. had 'lately Visited .an ? excellent observatory on : the other' side of the' Straits, : and was ' permitted' 'to ^ look through the telescope at4 the';woh- drous beauty of the Southern Cross. The telescope was, made by hand, .with the aid of ,,Gpd's light.; the hand 'directed- it,, with the aid of .God's light ,so that the : light of the beautiful stars fell ;on the eye. This light entered1 the mind wh'enttie will ' directed the oirdumBtances''; and so it was with' that btKer .light'.whibh .streamed into the soul in accordance with the laws' gbv 'erriihg the . soul;1 ' He' was' not afraid 'of jthe ' scientific '? methbdi -; In many institu tions' 'in America' twenty ' or thirty ?; minutes' was set apart for girls to 'devote to reading the Bible and to private medi tation,'; with 'the1.' result ''that; earnest Ohristian'wotrieri'were: sent out of 'those institutions to good work throughout ;the nation. ??; Doddridge, Robert Hall,- Baxter, Jonathan . -Edwards, and : many o'thers testified to the efficiency of private prayer.' He' urged the audience1 to try: it; and. Ipromised them that' if they really' and affectionately surrendered themselves to ' God they would be answered, and dealt with the objection' that' time 'was so fully'ocdu pied by showing that it was riot a' matter of time. . In conclusion he read a review of the progress towards conversion, and the effect produced during' the progress and'after the'eonsummatibn.' ? ? ? ;;?? A hymn was then sung and a collection made, which was liberally responded; to. The meeting closed by -' Mr. Cook de livering a ahort'prayer for the' actuatine; of the willsof those present; ? '? ?' ''? ;...?..!? *. .'?????'?: '.- ?;: Hob'a'rt.o Sept. 4. ?' The' first of the series of lectures 'an nounced by Mr. Jbseph: Oook, of Boston, ' was delivered at the Melville-street Wes leyan: Church, 'this evening, on ''Doe'3 death end all ?' when there'-'was a very large audience.' ' ? ' j The hori. W; R. Giblin took the 'chair, and said he had much' pleasure in acced ing to the request of the 'Young Men's Christian Association to take the chair for the purpose of introducing the 'Rev.: Ji Oook, the world-renowned lecturer, whose fame must have preceded him to these shores long since. They had 'recently ? heard of his success in the other colonies,' but he^ was sure they wore all glad of1 the opportunity of judging for themselves by hearing him upon the great topics whioh he discussed. ' 'That evening 'he '?'would discus's the: question ? 'Does' death' end all ?'? a question which, from ' the' time of Job onward' in varying forms, man had ? been ^asking,' 'and' to ? which he Bad1 been' giving varyirig'replies: ! ? ? ? ; ? i ? tf ' 'i ? i -? ?' ; '' ' '? Mr^Gook',1 in^ introducing' tho- subjeoti referred to the : name3 of' illustrious people who iih'ad : recently diedj arid' a'sked was1 death a destruction -of the1 bodily1 atoms or of the individual 1 Was therefor those he was addressing, for himself,' for those he 'had named; no- more perabhal imnior tality than 'for a snuffed out*candle-? ? fle' then referred to the 'remark of Socrates,' when'dobm'edi to his friends^'thatit was his ?bodyabd;nbt':him -.they would bury. Materialism was not thecreedof the learned1 but of the ignorant, and the servile learned,' with ;a few eccentric exceptions,-' but the' consequences of materialism -were' colossi! ' andshould not be underrated'. '. If 'death ended alii New toni' ? ShakespereJ - Washirig-' ton,', i Jesus Christ i himself ; did'rribtriow' exist. ') He was not-undertaking 'to1 prove* lUllUUlVaUVTj UUU li UD^lUie)^ V1IUU UVHIU did. .not end alii he i would show ?them immortality was 'more than probable, and to: do 'this ho1 would take consoience, philosophy,' ' and -' revelation'.11 ' Quoting from Shakespe're 'thus':-1^'- Conscience doth make cowards of U3 all,' he con tended that tHistestimbny to the fear of judgment in a life to come, -this instinct; that life did not' end all was common to all literature,1 to all men, arid at all times. He .. granted^' that ? ?'; Ohriatianity- ''had ?? strengthened, as'eseroise strengthened an arm, but' exercise 'never created an -arm. Referring to the argument from' 'design,' that there was no hinge in nature without it e:; ? corresponding'-' partj ' he' contended that God intended instinct of life after death co have: a realisation,. and1 quoted from -TennyBori- — '.' ' , .- '? n ? ? . . - . ! 'Thou will not leave us in! th'e dust; ; : '' / l Thou madeat miin,- h'e'knows not'why ;' : ' j He thinks heiwas, not made to.die.;; ' ;....? And Thou hast made him — Thou art jRft.;;, - God was 'just, and., what, - man;, could not help expecting he would be ? ' If he could riot, trust. conscience .'because it was the produced chemical. and mechanical laws, he could not trust intellect, w.hich , was likewise a product of evolution.^ The churches-.were.'not ! afraid of i philosophy ; jwhat they wereafraidjof flras-i that people would not see clearly. .,-.- As the swan in ,' ^Bsop's Fables','; had the scientific right to trust. 'its. migratory instinct, so man had a scientific right to trust his, and so fly onward to' the : better clime. ?. ' - ; Next dealing with the.; scientific aspect of the question, .he exhibited' some illustrations - of Lionel Beale's recent discoveries in physi-'l plogy under' the microscope and explained; how the, germinal matter built up nerve, musole,- and tissue. . Nothing', but ? living matter could bridge the chasm between dead matter and life. :. Professor Huxley had modified his former opinions, and Tyndall no longer trusted himself upon the basis of the; Belfast- address. .'Darwin ^had.never pretended .to bridge the chasm 'between nothing . and matter, or between matter and life,; and acknowledged that the gap between the. highest type. of. ape' aud the lowest type of man was not. filled up to .his satisfaction. . Scarcely. a man of note in the Scientific, world accepted materialiaia '.;.. now. ,,. After ridiculing Bain's definition of life, lie defined it|'to:be:.the ; power, .which directed the i motions ( of .germination, ,i and. thus contended for its spiritual origin.. If life was thus the. cause of; organisation the 'cause must precede its-effeot,' and just i as life, ', deinonBtratably ,! existed' as l the weaving, force before the organism and independent, of it,' so it might exist after the organism 'and; independent of it and weave up(— if ; God 'so. willed— another' body in another state of existence, and in doing this be doing nothing more than1 had' been done before.' iTHore;:was'a' spiritual body, which was not' matter in' the atomic sense, which left the physical body at - death. , That was_a; doctrine which was now being accepted in: highest scientific circles. He had shown them the evidences in the starlight and moonlight ; did they wiBh to see the sun light 1 If so, there it was (holding up tho Bible). That book had seen the battle for eighteen hundred years, some of : it for three thousand years, and still it stood as the fundamental basis of civilisation. There- the same evidence was obtained in the resurrection of Christ which proved his Divine origin, and7 his Divine origin endorsed his teaching, and he1 taught im mortality; The lecturer' concluded with a powerful peroration1 upon the 'Bible, and'olaimed that there was _ no dissonance between «the teachings of science correctly understood and Scripture. ? The Rev. Canon Bailey offer«d up prayer before the, lecture, and the' Rev. Mr. Robinson pronounced ,the'-' Benedic tion at the conclusion. 