Entereolonial Itema. The Rev. Joseph Cook's question-box lecture at Melbourne, September 11, was a great success. A committee selected one hundred from the great number of questions sent in, throwing out such as were frivolous or in duplicate. A farewell dfieuner to Mr. Cook was held in the Athenaeum Hall, Melbourne, the attendance being very large and influential. A beautifully-illuminated address, recognising the great services Mr. Cook has rendered to the cause of evangelical truth, was presented to the guest of the day by Mr. Dennis, who occupied the chair. At the same igathering, Mr. Cook gave an address on "The Religious Future of Australasia." In consequence of Mr. Joseph Cook's extended visits to Melbourne and Brisbane, he will be unable to visit New Zealand. The new Presbyterian Church, North Carlton, Melbourne, was opened for public worship on September 10. The new church seats 500, and cost £2,200, of which £750 has been subscribed or promised. The members of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Kirk, Ballarat, are about to erect a spire to their church, the tower and spire together measuring 160 feet in height. The members and adherents of Palmer-street Presbyterian Church, Sydney, met to elect a successor to the late Dr. McGibbon, who was pastor of the church. The Rev. John Miller Ross and the Rev. George Washington Neely were nominated, the former being ultimately carried with only seven dissenting votes. The Presbytery of Bathurst, N.S.W., have erected Cowra with Wood's Flat, Black Creek, Binney's Creek, Mount MacDonald, and Canowindra into a separate charge. Carcoar and Blayney were also made into centres with adjacent places. The Church of England Synod, having fixed on three names in nomination for the vacant See, as already reported in this column, submitted the nominations to the Bishops of the Province of N.S.W., who met on Tuesday, Sept. 19, to reject one of the three; but the legality of the election is doubtful, and nothing, it is said, can be done till Parliament pass an Act bearing on the Crown endowments of the See of Sydney, A deputation from the Sydney Presbytery waited on the Colonial Secretary and presented petitions to the Assembly and Council, on behalf of the better observance of the Lord's Day. A motion was made in the N.S.W. Assembly in favor of the abolition of State aid to gaol chaplains, twentythree voting for the motion 3nd thirty-one against it. The Baptist Union has been recently held in Sydney. There has been an increase of thirty members for the year. Fifty-eight have been baptised. About £664 was raised for debts, and £2,531 for other purposes. A Lay Preacher's Association has been formed in connection with the body. A Christian Conference of the ministers in Melbourne is advertised for the first week in October—subject " The fulness of the Holy Ghost." The anniversary of the Congregational Church, Maryborough, as well as the first anniversary of the pastorate of the Rev. J. Whiting, was celebrated with great enthusiasm on the 30th ult. The past year has been a very successful one, the church membership having increased from eighteen to sixty- five; the attendance at the Sabbath-school had been nearly trebled. The treasurer's balance sheet showed receipts, £428 14s. 3d.; the debt on the church had been reduced by over £150, and £62 lis. had been spent on painting and improvements. The question whether instrumental music should be admitted into the public worship of Knox Presbyterian Church, Dunedin, was submitted to the vote of the whole church, when 388 members and 174 adherents voted for its introduction, ninety-nine members and twenty-two adherents voting against it. About two- thirds of the congregation did not vote. The Kirk Session met next week to consider whether effect should be given to the wish of the majority, when a committee of the session was formed to ascertain the views of the minority on the subject. A polished granite monument to the late Dr. Campbell, who was lost in the s.s. Tararua, in April, 1881, has been erected, by subscription, in the Selwyn-street cemetery, Addington, N.Z. Sir George Grey has presented his very valuable library of books and manuscripts, estimated at £30,000, to the town, of Auckland, N.Z. 