A GHOST INVESTIGATION SOCIETY. [St. James's Gazette.) GHOSTS, dreams, presentiments, " appari- tions at the moment of death or otherwise," are at last to be made the subject of formal inquiry by a philosophical society established for the purpose. It is called the Society for Psychical Research, and was founded by Mr. Henry Sidgwick "for the purpose of inquiry into a mass of obscure phenomena which lie at present on the outskirts of our organised knowledge." In a letter addressed to us by Messrs. Edmund Gurney and Frederic Myers secretaries to the literary committee of the society these gentlemen appeal to the public to assist the investigation. They say, " Should any of ? your readers, now or in the future, be able within clined to send us an account, or to put us on the track of any phenomena of the kind they would greatly oblige us, and would have (its we think we may fairly say), be rendering a real aid to the progress of knowledge in a direction where such aid is much needed." An assurance follows that " nothing will be printed or published either with or without names except With the full consent of the persons concerned." Now this, it strikes us at starting, is a very proper engagement ; indeed, for some most interesting cases it must be absolutely indispensable. All that is known iabjout ghosts up to the present time goes to show that they visit the guilty more often than the innocent, and no person responsible for the wanderings of a perturbed spirit, however willing he might be on scientific grounds to assist the objects ' of the Psychical Research Society, could be expected to do so at the risk of giving a hint to the police. And yet it is in this field that the society might probably find its most useful phenomena and they will do well to spare nor thought nor pains in winning the confidence of haunted home sides. It will be a hard task, no doubt, especially at the beginning of the society's labours. The spectre dogged murderer can never be so desirous to assist inquiry as to profit by remedy and many months, many years perhaps, will pass away before the society will be able either to soothe or to confirm the terrors of men haunted by ghosts of their own providing. We are all much mistaken if it is not amongst the blood-stained that the more serious and meaning apparitions stalk. More should be learned from the coming and the going of these ghosts, and their effect on their victims and creators, than from visitations of any other kind and here, no doubt, we have the explanation of the society's pledge that " nothing will be printed or published, either with or without names, without the full consent of the persons concerned." It is very delicately put-so delicately as in itself to inspire confidence and there is reason to hope that the secretaries, Messrs. Gui ney and Myers, will be rewarded with many a story, told the ear of no mere stomach-born apparitions, about which all interest is quite exhausted, but of the haunting sprites of troubled souls fore damned. That is the sort of thing to got true psychology out of ; but we are afraid that to gather much in that field of research the society begins a little too late. Not that there are fewer persons now who, having done their man, their woman, or their child to death, ought by rights to be haunted-for doubtless that is not the case ; but in our days hell has been abolished, and much it is doubted whether there is anyone to judge the quick and the dead. Therefore there are fewer troubled souls and it is not to be supposed that the number of ghosts to murderers' is nearly as great relatively as it used to be fifty or even twenty years ago. For the same reason, even the dreams of the guilty-and the Psychical Research Society also inquires into dreams are likely to be much duller nowadays much less rousing to the faculties of both dreamer and student ; but that also the society must put up with regret is useless on that point. Dreams enough there are of the strangest even to this day and we are inclined to think that there is little less belief in them. Say what they may, few men are really staunch in the negation" of apparitions. The family ghost obtains much credence still, long after the church- yard "host has lost its last believer. Indeed, belief in family ghosts, seems to have extended of late but that maybe accounted for in some measure by the wide circulation of society journals. But when we speak of apparitions we do not refer to the old fashioned ghost who establishes himself about a man's person or his promises, but of the momentary apparition of one who is far away, and on the instant in danger or dying. This is the apparition which, when all's said and done, few men deny with absolute conviction; for in this region of the psychical many things are told which confound the incredulous, and bring the Joyce fed scoffer to a pause. Here, we take it, Mr. Sedgwick's society will find wonders pouring in upon them, with authentication undeniable and here will their speculations be most largely exercised. As to di cams, it is doubtful whether anybody who dreams himself feels sure that there is not something supernatural at times in the visions of the night, or is quite satisfied that the verifica- tion of their prophecy is always matter of coincidence. What could we not ourselves say about dreams if time and space permitted in this world of limitations? And what work the Psychical Research Society will have before them ere the month is out ! We do not doubt that at this moment is midnight hundreds of pens , are hard at work over hundreds of ghost stories, miraculous presentiments, prophetic dreams, warning voices, death-bed apparitions, these and more kinds of wonders, than the society seeks information about. Did the Psychical think of this, when they issued their circular? ' Have they taken forvthem^lHave themenipers other society, bela'adeojiat^vreiuforced for dealing with the' High. of*fetters'<'and' papers they are calling into existence 1 And - another thing what means have they discovered for detecting -the-iuventions- of- the- game- some fabricators That is a serious question tion ; and as ptesent'we'see 'horizon than ' be solved. However, that is a matter for the philosophers of the Psychical Research Society, who from the nature of their studies are better equipped, perhaps, for the business of discrimination.- I 