MELTON. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THE Toolern Amateur Dramatic Club gave their final entertainment in Shebler's hall on Friday evening, the 6th inst., the object being to augment the funds in hand to build a Mechanics' Institute and free reading room at Toolern. Since the for mation of this ethopian band of local performers, they have appeared, I believe, thrice here, and once at Bacchus Marsh, Gisborne, and Toolern, and at each place they were accorded every encouragement, so that their success will now, I hear, at these places, enable them to disband and proceed with the erection of a building which will be the first of its kind erected in the Shire. But I must return to the thread of my story. The evening chosen was dark, so that the attendance was not so large as usual. The bill of fare was almost identical with that of Gisborne, so I shall not occupy space needlessly in describing the Ruam-uns from Rome, or the adventures and doings of Ebenezer in his visit to New York, but I shall content myself with giving the programme in extenso. Temperance Question, Mr. Burns; song. "'lThe old Banjo," Mr. J. Blackwood. lum uns-from Rome-Chorkey Chump, an art collector, Mr. Burns; Arabella Chump, his daughter and heiress,.J. Graham; Captain Smith, Mr. W. Cecil, Mr. Chips, W. Blackwood, rival lovers; Ajar, a statne,'Jhs. Blackwood; Hercules, a statue, Thos. Grant. Deaf as a Post-Professor Moore, music master, Mr. A. Burns; Deafey, pupil, Mr. Robert son. Ten, Days in theTombs-Puddenhead, cook, Mr. Robertson; Joe loneysoap, barber, W. Black wood; Jailer of the prison, J. Blackwood. Song, "The old log cabin in the dell," Mr. W. Cecil. Ebenezer's= visit to New York- Ebenezer Zepiah, coloured member of congress, Mr. Burns; Julius, hoots at a. boarding house. Mr. Grant; Mrs. Buietus, an, ill-used woman, Mr. Graham; Mr. Quietus, jealous husband, Mr. J. Blackwood; Mad cornet player,. Mr. Cecil; Ghost of the last lodger, Ir. W. Black wood. The Dead Alive-Mr. Twinkle, the old crusty,.'r. Grant; Waddy, the very ner vous, A. Burns;. Corporal Bombshell, the ghost, W. Blackwood. God save the Queen. It will thus be seen that the members of the troupe returned value for the charge made, the time taken being little short of three hours. A little more in the minstrel line would have added greatly to the amusement of the evening. Mr. Cecil's song being much thought'of as an excellent effort on the part of an amateur. 'ITh's annual hospital conoert takes place here on the 20th inat., and should be well patronised by the. inhabitants generally, none of whom know how soon they may need relief in that institution. The weather is still very dry, and the crops that were looking so well on the plains have a very parched appearance, owing to the extreme drying winds of the past few weeks; in fact, some are almost: past all hope of being of much use. 