Clt e iggsliaib Lilles. FRIDAY, liARCH 1O; 1882. ' 'O)i' Molbotrnoie cote mporary,., the ArUus, a fuw days sincU madea thestart ling uannounceoment tlht " nfi n iniber of comniplaitsi hIavoifrot'tio ton imf boon macdl to the ]Railway Dupartment of the iusuttluient accontiuodaition provided for Ipassengers,?at the rail?way reofreshment rooms.-' Taiken by itself, this state iileit, is, ioerccely likely to cause any very griat silprise, seeing that ais a mat tar of facit stch complaints have been of almiost daily occurrenco ever since the 'Victorian Railways had an existence. But the Argus adds, "and Mr B. G. Davies, late M,L.A. for Avoca, has been appointed railway refreshment room; inspecto'." This announcement Ihas cauised considerable astonishment, 'and if carried into effect will, we von turo'to predict, cause some uneasiness to .Sir Bryan O'Loghlon and his colleagues as soon as the House meets, unless in deed,the Assembly has sunk so low that political jobbery is to be recognised, as a paRt' amid jii'col of its existdence. Who over heard bofore! of !a ' railway refresh ienit-roorn :insplectorY,. 'Probably Mr Berit, thd Commissioner of Railways, is anlxious to show thait he has an original imind of his own; that although he can not 1iietebid, likeo his' iredecessor, iMr Woods, to invent a new railway brake, hmo hirs 'suffieint capacity to, invent a now, iilwayiippoinotmeont; and'problably .when called to account for it, he will sulbmit thalttltheclonk of his piedecessor having faleonn uplp Ihim, ihe felt it Was incumibent on himnito inaent something, and hle ?ill ndodo'dhta'dd that he con sidera s his own invention rather the most implrtli itu'of tlhe two, seeing that it only costs £300 or" £400. per year, and at the 'sfiie timei diisposes, of a " profes sional', pjoliticiii," who at some time might be obstriuctive. Such reasoning as this may- :o very satisfactory to the Commissionerm and his colleagues, but we doucbt whether Parliament and the country will submit to such an ap pIirelt job, without calling the Govern ment to accouint. WVo are told his (the railway refreshment-room inspector's) duties will be " to ascertain whether these complaints are well-founded or not, and to report to the department on the general management by lessees of their roomn's."' Oan anyone read this description of an "Inspector's" duties, without lauglhing it its absurdity 1 Nor, will the mierriment cease when reading further on " his services will be ren dlered meore oneroius when the refresh ment rooms at Wodonga, Benalla, and Seymour have been enlarged" &c.; How the "inspector" is to perform his "onerous" duties, is not explained. Nothing is said about his sampling the liquors, and at whoso expense. Are the unfortunate lessees to be compelled to supply the "Inspector" with drinks and edibles, free of cost whenever he may feel inclined to refresh his weary body, or is ihe to be allowed "sampling expenses," and to what limit. It would have been as well if the public had been placed in possession of ill those important particulars at once, so that the absolute necessity of persuading Mir B. G. Davies to take upon himself such arduous duties might have been realised, and the self sncrilice, made by that phlilanthropic goeitlomani for theo public weal might have been fully appreciated, and at some future timesuitablyacknowledged. But, seriously, we are astonished at the Argues making the announcement of such an appointment as this, without at the same time protesting against it as an absolute breach of trust by the Government.. That journal haes done good work in the past by systematically conldemning tihe injudicious exercise of " government patrongo" in the appoint nment of Iolitical hangers-on to posi tions in the public service for which they were incapable, or for which there was no necessity ; antl it does seem sur prising that it should be the first to announce such an absurd and objection able aspiointment, without at tihoe same time condemning it. We have no hesitation in asserting that there is no necessity whatever for the nppoint ment of such an "inspector." That thero iare plenty of just complaints made everybody knows, and the duty of seeing whether they are " well founded," if necessary at all, could easily be performed by the various station-mastors, and the remedy for suchi 'complainits lies in the hanmds of tihe head of the dellartmcent, by exercising the power of accepting no lessee who is not lilkely to properly attend to the wants of the travelling public, anid by cancelling the lease of any neglect ilg to in'operly provilde fino those wiants; or if hlo hais not that Ipower it would hie easy to adopt it Iy maakig duo piro viAioii in the lease itself. But, ad mitting for argument slake that such an alppointment is necessary, we submit thoiro ioe many of the victims of "Blackl Wednesday" who areo just as well qualilied to perform- the "onerous duties" is Mr B. G. Davies, and who hlavo a fli' more legitimate claim upon the Government to be considered in nasking any new appoitment or filling up any vacancy ; for although the cruelties perpetrated by the "Black Wednesday" business, and condemned by the Argue, were not inflicted by the present Government, the duty of re appointing its victims as occasion may t oflor certainly does devolve upon theornm. The fLct is evident, however, that the appointment has been inade for iMr Davies, for no other apparent reason than to provide for a' politician who, when lie had a seat inthe Assembly, had a full share of the "loaves and fishes," and who has now no claim what ever to be considered; in any:appoint ment that may be made, so long as any \- of the victims of " Black Wednesday" are unprovided for. We contend that the appointment is altogether bad ; that there is no necessity for such ian In spector ; but if any such necessity does exist, to dispose of it in the mannor an nounced is nothing short of an abuse of government patronage, and should lie strenuously protested against by Ministerial supporters as well as their opponents. If such alppointment are allowed to be "madeo" for ox-members, it will readily be seen that a.vory wide door will be opened for bribery and corruption, of which it will generilly be admitted wev have already had sufficient. A letter was received by the MIayor on Wednesday, from the Railway Depart mont stating that it had been determined to light the Railway station with gas, and requesting that the necessary connections with the mains be made with as little delay as possible. The Rev. Ralph Brown is announced to give his celebrated lecture on " Heands and Faces," in tihe Victoria Hall to-night, His Worship the Mayor is to preside. Mr Brown, who lihas already achieved the name of a capital lecturer, has spoken on the same subject in various towns, and lihe will doubtless have ia good and appre ciative audience. A correspondent sends us the following telegram :-" The Rov. Ralph Brown's lecture on 'Heads and Faces' was most enthusiastically received, at Traralgon, last night. Heo claims to bo an Irishman, improved by birth in Ame rica, and training in Australia. Certainly, on the platform, lie his all the energy of tlhe American, wit of the Irishman, and hearty frankness of the Australian. The inlhabitanuts of Sale have a treat in store for tlhem on Friday night." The sale of Gifts in the Temperance Hall, in aid of the stipend fund of the Primitive Methodist Church, was con tinued on Wednesday. Although a con siderablo amount of business was done, the attendance was not sufficiently large to enable the ladies to clear the stalls of all their goods. There are many useful as well as elegant articles still remaining, and in order to offect a clearance, the hall will be opened again to-morrow after noonm at three o'clock, and if it should be necessary in the evening all the goods left over will be sold by auction. Attrac tions in the shape of music will be pro vided. It should not be necessary to again refer to the object of the sale, and it will probably be enough to say that a course such as the congregation have token, was an imperative necessity, and has peculiar claims on the support of the public. A mooting of the Sale School Board of Advice was held in the school room on Wednesday evening when there sore pro. sent Mr H. J. Horborto, chairman, and Messrs Mackintosh, Parker and Waters. MIr Stocks the head master, was also in attendance. A minute was made in the minute book " that the attendance rolls for the last quarter having booeen received by the Education Department and con sidered, it be resolved that owing to tihe school being closed for four weeks during the last quarter on account of the pro valence of Scarlatina, no action be taken to proceed against parents of children not attending for the requisite number of days." The chairman called attention to the suggestion of Mr Summers', Govern ment Inspector, during his late visit to Sale, that Mr Blanclhard should be re quested to arrange a concert of the school children so as to show what progress they were making in singing. Mr Stocks said that MIr Blanchard had spoken of the matter previous to Mr Suniners' visit. The chairman was deputed to consult Mr I Blanclhard on the subject. The members t of the Board inspected several of the exorcise books of the higher classes, and expressed their satisfaction at the progress they showed. The board tlen adjourned. MAr J. Lamont, head teacher of the Daylesford School, and late of the Sale School, has (we learn from the Daylesford t Advocate) obtained leave of absence from the Education Department, to visit the old country. A large number of Mr Lamont's friends assembled at Bleackely's t Commercial Hotel, Daylesford, on Thurs- ] day evening last week, and wished that t gentleman " all happiness in his tour, and a speedy return among the people of Daylosford." "Segenhloo" writes:-In my prodic- 1 tions for yesterday's ovents, I was miore fortunate than on Saturday last, but I will refer to tlhem anon. The last day of the mooeeting is to-morrow. For the Second Nursery Handicap, though a little in the dark, I go for Bassanio (with a start). For the Newmarket Handicap, I fancy Surrey, The Ghost, and Sweet Williaim. The Town Plato should result- Bathurst 1, Santa Claes 2, Pell Mell 3. All-aged Stakes-Navigator 1, Solitude 2, Bassanio or Frying Pan 3. Steeplechase-Hima laya 1, Great Western 2, Lucy 3. Three and Four year oll Handicap.-Sweet William 1, Poll Mcll or Conmnotion 2?, Tho Drummer 3. Crown grants for M'Phail Bros., and I W. O'Harn, and accounts for J. Bomiford, T. Coto, C. Du Vb, L. Kabat, A. IMac. donald, RI. W. M'Bratneoy, J. A. Reid, G. Cain, and Gippsland Mining Board, are at the Treasury, Sale. On Wednesday morning MIrs Barker, who resides at the corner of Tlhomson I street and lfacalistor street left her home, leaving the key of thie hlouse near the gate, and she also left a purse containing a sum of moley " planted" in the hlouse. On her return in the evening she did not missa the purse, but yesterday mornling she( noticed that it was gone. Tihe matter has been reported to tlhe police. Mr Henry Foster, of OSico, a member of the Mining Board, has called oer atten tion to tlieimatter of the proposed repairs to the lnsolvOnt track on the Crooked River road, nld more especially to the action of the OSnco Shire Council in declining to vote a suns of moneey to assist in making up the amnount required to be collected in the district. If a doubt exists as to their beiigable to oappropriate a sniim to thatpur pose, it can easily bedispolled. An aplica- I tion to the Governor-in-Council, for per- I mission to expend a portion of tlhe Shire fulnds in the direction indicated wohuld in all lrobhiility be grantel d and any difll- 1 cullty woull thus lieo overcome. Other municilal bodies who are not so directly interesteid in heiing the InsolvOnt tracl imade available for trafnic, have willingly contributed to the fund, iand private sub scriptions hlave been collected in the Grant and Dargo districts. The Governiment have boon exceedingly liberal with tlhoir vete, Mr Young only required that £250 should be subscribed by the public and municipal and mining bodies, to secure a Government grant of £1,250. In thie face of all the circumstances, it must be said that the Omco Council is simply stand ing in its own light. The situation of the town commands the particular attoni tion of stock drovers from Manaro to the Gippsland market. It is almost midway between that district and the Sale, Maffma and Bairnsdalo markets, and by means of the telegraph they can receive information relative to the mar kets which will influence them where to go, or whether they should delay for a better market. Besides during the period of the year during which stoclk travel from llanamro to Gippalhnd, the track through Omeo, and so on towards the Insolvent track is well grassed, and has this advan tage, that owing to being covered with snow during a large portion of the year it is not likely to be selected, while by the route on the lower flat, cattle have to be driven through selected country which is for the most part burned up and devoid of water during the months in which they travel. The Insolvent track is the only obstacle in the way and it will not say much for the wisdom or business qualities of the Councillors of the Shire of Omeo if they ineglect such an opportunity of doing in calculable good to the district. A magisterial inquiry was hold at Hin. nonmigio on Saturday last, by Mr T. Easton, J.P., of Osmeo, on the body of a selector named James Poulson, who was accidentally killed on Friday. Mrs Poul son deposed that her husbaud about three o'clock in the afternoon, yoked an us broken filly to the cart, and that the filly commenced to pig jump and her husband was jammed between the wheel of the cart and a stump. He lived until twenty minutes past nine o'clock. Dr. Warren, deposed that death was caused by injuries to cervical vertibrae, and Mr Easton recorded his opinion accordingly. The deceased was greatly respected by his friends and acquaintances and much symn pathy is expressed in the district for his widow and her family. We have received the current month's number of " The Victorian Review," which is oven more interesting than usual. All the articles are well worth reading, andshould command attention ; they com prise :-" The future of Gold Mining," by T. P. Devine : "Asthletices" (Part I), " The Essence of Beauty,'.' by Arvid Nilson (Sydney); "A plea for a better Melbourne," by J. F. Hogan; " With the Egg Pickers on thie Farrallones, by Charles Warren Stoddart; "Field Mar. shall Lord Clyde" (Part 2), by George C. Craig (Queensland); " Reminisconces of Noted American Journalists," by J. Leary : " Years Ago," by Victor J. Daley (Sydney); " World without End," by Edvward Stephens (Tasmania); "The Backbone of the Irish Question," by Alex. Montgomery ; " Politics and Par ties in Victoria," by David A. Crighton "Tyranny of Democracy in Australia," by \V. Lockhart Morton; " Some notes on South Australia," by Geo. Hamilton; " Ravenna," by Douglas B. W. Sladen, B.A.; " The Mutiny of the Bounty and the Pitcairn Islanders," by W. H. Dick; and " The contemporary thought of Great Britain, Europe, and the United States." We have also received the second number of The Colonial Printers' Art Journal, published in Sydney, containing an amount of information interesting to the trade. At a meeting of the Sale School Board of Advice on Wednesday evening, a very good suggestion was made as to disposal of any surplus funds arising from the pro. posed children's concert. During the time the school was known as a " Common School" it was customary for some of the residents of Sale and other gentlemen in terested in the progress of education, to give donations towards the purchase of prizes for presentation to the more do serving of the scholars. The nlato Judge Bindon, for instance, gave a special prize for competition, and many other gentle men gave various sums which went into a common fund. The custom of giving these donations has, however, ceased since tile school became a State institution under the Education Act, and what prizes have since been given were provided by the liberality of the teachers. It was con tended by Mr Waters, the Correspondent of the Board, that an impetus would be given to the scholars to be more diligent in the pursuit of their studies if rewards for merit wore provided, and he expressed an opinion if any surplus from the pro posed concert was devoted to form the nucleus of such a fund, there were many parents and guardins who would subscribe towards it, to revive the old system, of an annual prize-giving. The subject is worthy of more than a passing considera tion, and if carried out cannot but bear good fruit. Mr Herberte, of Foster.street, Sale, adver. I tises pianos at cost price. . Tenders for works required by the Traralgon Shire Council must be sent in by,ll am., on Monday. The Caledonian Society's committee meet this afternoon, at 3 p.m., at Wlshart's Royal I Exchange Hotel. . Tenders required by the Avon Shiro Council for the supIply of gravel, and for gravelling road at The Heart, are required by 11 a,m. on Monday. The sale of the gates, stand, paddock, and booths, for the Sale races will take place to. morrow, at Messra English, 1'Peck, and Co.'s auction mnart, at 2 p.m. As the attendance at tlhe races is sure to be lare, thle competition at the sale of thle bootlhs is likely to be brisk. The committee of the Agricultural Society are to meet to-morrow, at 2 p.m., at the Club Hotel, to form a programme for the forthcom ing show, and also to re- consider thie date eon which tle Shosw will be leld. A geonerl meecting of the amembers of the Cosrsing Clii, is to be held to-mnorrow, at 4 p.m., at thle Royal Exchlanga Hotel. Al the members are requested to attend as business of imlortance, relative to the proceedings of the Club dulring the coming season, is to be trans. actedl. Istending excursionists are reminded of the trip by time .s. Bairnsdale, fromn the Latrobe I Wharf to Paynesville, on Sunday. Mr CluCes' cabs will leave tie Post-office at 7 a.m. The low fare, and thie beauty of thle trip, shoulsh ensore a good nomLber of passengers. 