THE HELPS AND HINDRANCES TO THE SPIRI TUAL LIFE WHICH ARISE FROM THE RELIGIOUS AND SECULAR ACTIVITIES OF THE DAY, INCLUDING AMUSEMENTS. The Very : Rev. H. B. Bromby, B.A., Dean of Hobart, ? Tasmania. Let us begin with a definition. What is the spiritual life ? It is not merely the cultivation of the highest part of a man's being ; it is not merely the utterance of certain orthodox formulas ; it is not merely the carrying out of prescribed rites ; not merely the observance of moral rectitude. These may be some of : the results of the spiritual life, or they may help to implant or develop it. But taken all together j they are not the spiritual life, neither can any one of them be called by that name. What, then, is it ? It is— -if, ?all unworthy, I may venture to speak with decision upon so high a theme — it is the reproduction of the life of Christ, by the power of the Holy Ghost, in a human being according i to the fore-ordained measures ? of divine grace and the \ mysterious conditions of individual vocation. It is a living union between the true Christian and Christ — a union so close and intimate that gradually every power and faculty, I whether connected with the body, the intellect, or the soul, is 1 used by the indwelling victorious Saviour as his own. Christ takes up the true Christian into Himself. Chiist comes down, so to speak, into the Christian's very being, and lives through him on earth as through an organ of the sacred Humanity evermore united to the Godhead. . The Christian is — could I dare to use such words if they were not in my Bible? — a partaker of the divine nature. He does not lose his personality, neither will he through all eternity, but he is I so completely indwelt by Christ that even here he may say as 1 the apostle said, ' To me to live is Christ ;' 'It is no longer I that live, but Christ liveth in me.' Even here his longing j may be the apostle's that 'Christ be formed' in him ; even j here his aspiration the same that fired the apostolic heart, which never could be satisfied till it had attained ' unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ.' This is a tremendous j ideal ! One trembles to write such words. They stare one in the face, and seem to ask one many a terrible question. Through them the eternal Word, 'living/' 'powerful,' ' sharper than any two-edged sword,' pierces the thick crust of mere dry intellectual orthodoxy, and sets all the hearts a-tremble with amazed self-knowledge. Yes ! the Word of God is no mere word written with ink and pen, but He is Jesus Christ Himself. Jesus Christ, who longs with an unspeakable longing to be made flesh in each one of us and to dwell among us. ? ; One trembles, I say again, to write such words. Yet they simply describe that life which the Bible says should be a reality for every Christian ; that life which the grace of God is strong enough to enable any one of us to live ; that life which multitudes of men and women like ourselves, 'strong in the Lord and in the power of his might,' have lived, arid are living to-day. They describe the spiritual life. There are enormous diffi culties in the way of living1 such a life. This is simply another way of saying that we are dowered with the awful gift of freewill, and are here in a state of pro- [' bation. With the private difficulties felt by each Christian — j arising, for example, from hereditary taints, or from con stitutional tendencies, or from former sins and disloyalties— -we have not now to do. I am bidden to try and deal with certain public hindrances to the spiritual life. There are also, thank God, numberless helps provided for us in our endeavour to live this life of union with Christ. This is only another way of saying that we are children of the Catholic Church, and have the Word of God open before us, and possess the grace of tlie sacraments and the mysterious gift of prayer, and are surrounded by the powers of that unseen world which is evermore so close to us all. But with such helps as these we have not now to do. The age in which we live provides certain helps and hin drances to the spiritual life peculiar to our own times;, and it is » with these that we are now especially concerned. Undeniably, then, our age is marked by intense activity. Let us examine some of the forms of activity which characterise it. Let us see how they affect the spiritual life. Is there not a sense in which that voice of God which we call science is bidding us realise the glory of a life of union with Christ. Standing as we are — might I not better say reverently kneeling? — on the threshold of scientific' knowledge, cannot we look further into the depths of the universe than could the prophets and the apostles ? D.o not' the words, ' By whom also He made the worlds,' convey to us a deeper and more wondrous meaning than they did to the fathers of Nicoea and Constantinople ? A Faraday deeply meditatating upon the person and work of our blessed ' Lord must, one is sure, find in his grasp of scientific truth one among many constraining motives for the deep love of Jesus Christ which filled his heart. Let us never fear the fullest development of scientific activity. Let us welcome and foster it to the best of the intellectual power God has given us. Let us cultivate, at least, that tone of mind which can understand the use of the word 'therefore.' Scientific truth is God's truth. The true Christian who 'knows Him in whom he believes ' will know and love that dear Master more and more the deeper he drinks of the springs of science. ..'. j Our age shows immense activity in the direction of amuse ment; and in one of the aspects of that activity it deserves our truest sympathy. A right view of the whole question oi recreation and amusement is beginning to prevail ; many things we have heard at this Congress show it. The desire for recreation is God given and not devil given, and the duty of real Christians is to regulate and guide that desire. Let us take, as a comprehensive example, the case of a young Englishman of our own day. He is vigorous in body and mind, muscular and keen-witted, merry- hearted and attractive. Nor is this all. As is so often the case, thank God, he has deep down in his heart a chivalrous personal love for his Saviour, and a loyal desire to live a life of union with Him. Surrounded as he is by most real and terrible temptations, it is immensely important that he should have every help in living the spiritual life. And surely it is an immense help to such a man to feel — 'these social instincts of mine, this delight in athletic sports, . this sense of humour, are given me by God, and are to be used to the full for God. He wishes me to enjoy these things richly. The life of Christ is to be reproduced in me on the cricketrground, on the hunting-fields, away on the high Alps, at the club,- in the drawing-room, in all hours of mirth and gladness. My Saviour is to be glorified by my standing up for his honour at ah1 such times, and also by the very fact that, in a true and innocent way, I am enjoying and strengthening myself.' . -.:.??' The undue and overmastering love of amusement forms a I terrible hindrance to the spiritual life. In most parts of the civilised world, and not least in Australia, it has become an idolatry. It is cramping and crippling and destroying the souls of countless men and women. And, for this cause, it is a hard thing, and even a hazardous thing, to speak about it as I have spoken. But ought we not to try and get at the truth ? Will not the truth be better served in the end by our getting hold of the right principle to guide, us in this matter ? It was, I think, the great Irish preacher, Archer Butler, who I once began a sermon with the words — 'The. work of the I preacher is to take men as he finds them, but not to leave meii I as he finds them.' Surely a wise saying this, and one we may I apply to many a department of the Christian life ! Did we 1 Christians, and especially we clergy, only go down among our I ., fellow-creatures more than we do, and look at things from I ' their point of view, and throw ourselves into their positions, I and simply take them as we find them, not as we think they .ought to be, we should be the better able to draw them upwards and onwards in the life divine. We should not leave them as w.e find them, but with glorious aspirations in their hearts, and, by God's grace, with power to act upon them. The anti-Christian activities of the day tend in a certain true sense to deepen the spiritual life in earnest Christians. The Christian of to-day must be no mere dreamer, no mere subject of strong emotions, no mere idle possessor of inherited dogmas. If the world is to be any the better for him, he must have throbbing within him the pulses of the spiritual life, and that means, remember, the reproduction in him of Christ's life — Christ the Worker, Christ the Healer, Christ the Consoler, Christ the Doer of the Father's will, Christ the Layer- down of life itself for the brethren. Now, the anti-religious activities of the day tend, and I thank God for it, to shake a man out of the groove of mere dry inherited orthodoxy. : . ? Logic is good, and controversial acumen is good, and sound doctrine is better, but the one triumphant argument is to show the world a living Christ ; the one victorious way is to move among men, a kindly man among one's kind, and as one moves to make one's self felt as an embodiment of the life of Christ ; to go forth into the thick of the fight as the hero in the old Norse Saga went, and felt his sword and arm grow together in the combat, welded into one through blood ; thus to go forth, Christ one with us, and we one with Him. Men can't all be logicians or theologians, but the man of most moderate capacity, priest or layman, may go forth and be a living argu ment for Christianity ; he may be a very giant of the spritual life, a very St. Christopher, or Christ-bearer, among men. . And all this many of the activities of the day are beginning to. teach us. The free-thought, the spread of education, the development of the critical faculty, are teaching us this. God knows how infinitely saddening- are many of the aspects of such activity. ; ,i . : The.sea of faith ? ' ' '.''?'. Was once, too, at the full, and round Garth's shore ,' Y Lay like the folds of a bright girdle furl'd. ' '' ' '.- - ???;. But now I only hear .-,.;,,. .; - Its melancholy, long, withdrawing! roar, , ' ' Eetreating to the breath Of the night wind, down the vast edges drear And naked shingles of the world, ? ' ? ' says one of the noblest-hearted of our sceptics. Yes, there are times, perhaps, for us all when so it seems to be. And yet I believe that the grand immortal verities of religion are not dying; they are but slumbering in the bosom of humanity, atfd earnest men and women are being trained by the present troubles, ' to give to the life Jesus lived upon earth a living expression to-day,' and to take their part in bringing about the future regeneration of the world. Oh ! that every one of us might be among them, the very chivalry of God. With what force should we go out from this place into Melbourne, into the world, our hearts all on fire with the love of God, the powers of the supernatural world hot within us, the splen dours of the unseen realities flashing forth from us! I spoke of a mere dreary contemplation of the truths of Christianity, and said that the sooner men arc rudely shaken out of it the better. Yes ! there is a truth in the utilitarianism of the day which will have none of it. But let us not forget that there is a contemplative side to the spiritual life. No human being can grow in grace without quiet regular meditation upon and con stant communion with Jesus Christ Himself. Don't let us allow scientific, social, recreative, ecclesiastical activities to draw us away 'from this, from Him. What sadder sight can there be than to, see a man endowed with manful strength of body and mind — a man capable in his spirit of holding com munion with 'the Supreme and the Invisible, with the things that are above us, and at the same time are lying at the very depths and foundations of our being' — to see such an one with possibilities so glorious within his reach, concentrating his energies upon certain results, and effects, and upon some mere passing accident, so to speak, of existence, when they might be the very shrine of Him who made the universe? Ah,! my friends, there are multitudes among our church-goers, church workers, communicants, who little as perhaps they know it, are hungering, thirsting, starving, dying for want of the true spiritual life. God has made them for Himself, and they can not rest until they find their rest in Him. But we cannot be God's instruments for bringing this life to them unless we have that life ourselves. We can only do that which we are ! 'There is an infinity of souls waiting and seeking some one to guide them into the way of truth, some one who will lead them on, himself foremost in the way. But before a man can do that he must die to himself. . . . A man whose heart was filled with God only would draw the whole world after him.' God grant that this Congress may not only be a happy meet ing-place of friends and brethren, not only an opportunity for taking counsel together on lofty and important subjects, but also a time of real revival, a time of refreshing from the very presence of the Lord. 