THE STORY-TELLER THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF JOHN MARMON, THE HOKIANGA PAKEHA MAORI ; ob SEVENTY-FIVE YEARS in NEW ZEALAND Chapter X. Bight glad was I to see the hanana and bread-trait groves of Papeete disappear be yond the horizon. Amid such scenes of beauty, where earth seemed as nearly a paradise as can be realised in life, l Had grown mortally tired — an insatiable longing for my former dare-devil existence had taken hold of me ; in a word, reader, I was heartily sick of respectability. Poor as a church, mouse I had set foot upon Tahiti, and as poor I left it, though my enemies will insist that I laft his Tahitian Majesty minus fifty yards of tapa, or native cloth. Beader, it is a malicious slander. If I did appropriate the cloth it was in lieu of my wages, with interest and compound interest up to date ; only, as I was rather hurried in my departure, and forgot to give his Ma- jesty a receipt, he fears I may, like a dis honest tailor, send in my bill again, there fore I am accused of stealing it. The Wave Queen was the slowest tub it ever was my lot to sail in. Six knots an hour was the maximum speed she ever reached while I waB aboard, and that only with the most favourable wind; but the sailors were a jolly set of dogs, fond of a yarn and a song, so the time passed very pleasantly. By-and-by, however, when it was my turn to take the wheel, I began to suspect that we were bearing too much to the nor'ard ever to strike New Zealand, and on asking the skipper he coolly told me he had changed his mind regarding putting in at the Bay of Islands, that as his wood and water held out well, and the voyage had been unduly prolonged, he would stand direct for Sydney. My heart sank within me. I dared not remonstrate, lest he should suspect I had some pressing reason for not caring to go to the latter port, and I was utterly powerless to take any steps to escape, as the watches were moBt strictly kept on board. I was apparently harrying back to the arm of justice, and I knew that the punishment for escape would be ex tended imprisonment or death. No man exactly likes to walk up to our last enemy and be ( run in' like a felon. Better it is to stumble across the old gentleman un awares, and receive his greeting when you least expect it. I became now a most arrant coward, suspected by messmates, lost my appetite, became morose and surly, utterly different from what I had been before, until' they imagined I was possessed of a devil or had the agony of an nnconfessed sin on my soul. Yet what did I fear? In my calmer hours when I asked myself the question it was difficult to find an answer. Man or ghost were alike indifferent to me, as I did not care a fig for the one and did not believe in the oth'er, yet there was the nameless terror the clutches of Justice always possess for me, and I dreaded once more to fall into the toils. As each day closed it seemed a day nearer my doom, nearer to the time wheh the impending sword would fall upon my head. I became avoided as a pestilence, and nearly imperilled my safety by my efforts to be safe. At length the day arrived when we entered Port Jackson. Then it was that I became cool as a cucumber, and willing to face any danger. We cast anchor at Camp bell's- wharf, and to my horror I perceived standing there the very soldier I had escaped from watching our arrival. In an agony of apprehension I rushed to the cook's galley, daubed my face with soot, so that I was almost unrecognisable, an being passed, volunteered work in tbe hold (the most arduous of all duties) in the dis charging of cargo. At length this .was com pleted, the hands were paid off, and I mast confront the danger. Bemembering that one of my messmates had a bottle containing the juice of the Indian berry, very powerful in dyeing, I asked him ' for some of it, which, without hesitation, be granted. I carefully rubbed this into my skin until I was so disguised that my own mother would not have recognised me, then receiving my swag I started up the wharf for the town. Every look I received was to me detection. I read -recognition in every countenance, yet still liberty is dear, and I braved all until I could iearn when I should get a ship for New Zealand. To this latter plaoe I had as strong , a desire to go as previously I had to go to Tahiti. But we are the playthings of impulse, and a moment turns us either into saints or sinners. But meantime where was I to stay ? My old haunt the 'Sailor's Arms' was for ever closed to me, at my lodging-house I would be in dauger — my only Bafety lay in be taking myself once more to Dolly Palmer's house, where I knew I would be all right. By all the back ways and round-about paths I could think of I went until I reached my destination, and was received with great kindness by Dolly, who had now two other girls staying with her, -so that altogether I was very much in clover. I quietiy said nothing about having any money, because in this world the less you let your friends know of you the better they will like you, therefore Dolly, who was always harping upon getting married to me, told me that if I would marry her she would keep me all my life. I at once agreed, as I wanted some cash, and she duly became Mrs. William Turner. She told we there was no longer any danger of detection for me, as a fortnight after I left, a corpse was picked up near the King's Wharf, which was identified as mine, and interred in the convicts' quarter. My former self, then, was dead, buried, and gone to — , and phoenix-like I had arisen again in. a new character. This was a relief, as I was tired of constant apprehension and disguise, therefore I boldly walked in defiance of the arm of justice. I could not see any sign of a ship going to New Zealand, although I carefully scanned the Sydney Gazette every week. There was no alternative then but to wait and to hope. I had nothing to bother me now, no work, no anxiety, nothing to do but lounge about and note the many great and beneficial changes the policy of Governor Macquarrie had effected in Sydney. Bene- ficial as regards the health and commercial well-being of the colony I mean, because he did not run his head against social posts as his predecessor, Bligh, had done. He left the liquor traffic as he found it, and was I saved quarrels with the military, who had I a monopoly of the spirit trade. For rum, a few years back, was a standard currency, an I indispensable medium of exchange, in a I colony where money was scarce, and many a J day's wage have I received in spirits, think- j ing myself better paid than I would have done j had it been in hard cash. Nor did the I Governor stand in the way of a quiet little j bit ofjlove-making with the female convicts, I as Bligh had done, knowing, I suppose, that j love will pick locks which a sledge hammer will not bnrst. Sydney life was much as I had left it — j wild, free, reckless — though, since the 102nd Regiment, or New South Wales Corps, had been succeeded by the 73rd, things bad not been quite so bad. It was now September, 1816, or two years since I had become acquainted with the interior of His Majesty's Gaol. I found the city considerably altered, because Governor Macquarrie had developed a mania for building, and calling the build- ings by his own name until Macquarrie seemed the one name given in Sydney to be ased. The town was divided into five dis tricts, in each of which was erected a watch- house, with an efficient police staff. The streets were named and kept in good repair, attention being paid to regularity in house building, so that all the erections in a thoroughfare might, as nearly as possible, correspond. The markets, held on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, were regulated as to time, being legally open from six in the morning to three in the afternoon ; the supplies in the public storehouses were kept up to a certain standard, so as to avert such terrible famines as occurred in the days of Governors - Phillip and Hunter, when the entire colony was upon quarter rations, and martial law was strictly adhered to. A post- office was established, with Isaac Nicholls as postmaster, and the Bank of New South Wales took shape, being started with great flourish of trumpets in November, 1816. The Rum Hospital, crowning the summit of one of the ridges on which Sydney stands, was in course of erection, certain parties having agreed to build it for a stated quantity of rum and the right to purchase or to land free of duty all the spirits imported into the colony for three years. The theatre, first opened by Tom Sparrow in 1796, was in full swing, with " She Stoops to Conquer" on the boards ; and the Sydney races, instituted in 1810, were on the eve of taking place-. The number of public- houses had vastly increased since Bligh's time, nearly every emancipated con vict taking up one, in which trade large sums of money were made, and vast tracts of country acquired for half their value. I took a trip to Parramatta to see the country. It is situated at the head of Port Jackson Harbour, about fifteen miles by road from Sydney, and although far behind its mother city, is yet well worth a visit. As I went there at the time of the half-yearly fair, the end of September, I saw the place in all its glory, crowded with buyers and sellers. As the great western road to Bathurst and Wellington runs through, I felt assured it had a bright future before it. . I saw the Hospital and the Female Orphan Home ; also the School for the Education and Training of the Natives, founded by Governor Macquarrie in 1814, which seems to be achieving a marked success. Much was this required, for the persistent and dastardly outrages practised by the blacks through the early days of the colony, beginning with the Rushcutters Massacre, imperatively demand some being taken to put a stop to them, either by the arm of the law, or by the more humane system of enlightened education. I also visited Windsor (formerly called Green Hills), situated about thirty five miles from Sydney, at the meeting of the South Creek with the river Hawkesbury. This river has played a most important part in the early history of the colony, in that, upon three several occasions, by excessive floods, rising sometimes upwards of 70ft. above its usual water mark, it has swept the grain, stock, hay, vegetables, out to sea, levelled the, houses of the settlers to the ground, caused great loss of life, and red need the infant settlement to the last straits of famine. Land here is very rich, and I could not but admire the long stretches of fine pasture land dotted with flocks and herds of the finest breeds, the neat mansions with their orchards and outhouses, and the picturesque township crowning the summit of a small hill. It was here also that I saw an unusual transaction, but one which, if more generally followed, would be most beneficial to society. A worthy citizen of Windsor, under the delusion that bringing hia wife to the hammer in a public auction room, both individuals consenting, was a dissolution of the matrimonial bond, brought his partner into the sale room, and, putting her up for disposal, found a purchaser at £20. So indignant were the townspeople at the transaction that they reported the affair to the magistrates, who brought the happy trio before them, and then sentenced the husband to three months' imprisonment with fifty lashes, the wife to be transported to Coal Biver (now Newcastle), letting the would be benedict escape minus his money and his spouse. It was whilst staying at Windsor that the collision between the Europeans and natives took place at Bringelly, on the Nepean. Thirty or forty natives had, without provoca tion, sacked the farm of one of the most wealthy settlers, taking away large quantities of grain, as well as effects. Seven whites attempted to retaliate, but only at the sacri fice of four of their lives, and then the blacks, encouraged by their success, went on to plunder other farms. Everyone fled, and it seemed as if the settlement was to be crushed altogether. The aboriginal forces received large reinforcements. Large numbers of natives, never before seen within the limits of the settlements, came in from the moun tains. At Cowpasture they were very daring and destructive. On the Bathurst road they stopped several drays, sacking the contents and killing the bullocks. Even at Lane Cove, near Sydney, they destroyed a valuable maize, crop and killed two settlers. When the intelligence reached Sydney, a contingent of the 46th Begiment, under Captains Shaw and Wallace, was sent out to scour the country, and at Aird's came to an engagement with the blacks, when fourteen of the latter were killed, and seven taken prisoners. A foolish policy of conciliation caused the Governor to set these captives at liberty in place of stringing them up by the neck. However, in future no native was permitted to approach within a mile of any town or village, and they were not to meet in larger parties than six. Soon after I left Windsor, but not before another destructive flood on the Hawkesbury did much damage to the settlers, in which I nearly lost my life in endeavouring to secure for myself a brand- new coat which I saw floating down the stream. I returned to Sydney, not being able to get anything to do either in Windsor or Parramatta, and commenced my former lounging life. Al though I had the offer to go to work on the light- house that was being built on the South Head, by a man named Hawkins, with whom I had become acquainted, I pre ferred to knock about unembarrassed by any stated work, so long as Dolly would keep me. Bat she was beginning to cat up rough. She was as jealous as a cat with kittens when I looked at any ether girl. This made me more desirous to be off, as well as another circumstance which occurred at this time, and I very nearly led me into trouble. I had gone in to Tom Bowling's to get a drink, when who should I see standing at the bar but my old mate in the Harwich, Sam Crigley. Shiver my timbers,' he cried, after a pro longed stare at me, 'if it ain't little Jacky, Man alive, I thought you had got into chokey, aud had slung yer hammock in the gaol ; let's have a drink.' I fear you are mistaken, mate,' I replied, 'my name is William Turner, and I never sailed in the Harwich. I name here in the Hindostan, that brought Governor Mac quarrie.' '— my eyes if he ain't Jacky's ghost ; poor Jacky. Howsomever, mate, take a drink and spin us yer yarn.' Every eye was turned on me, and I knew if I flinched in the least I was done for. I accepted the drink, evaded the necessity of spinning my yarn, but shortly afterwards took my departure. I had scarcely got into Macquarrie Place when another individual accosted me with the query, 'Were you on board the Harwich?' Hurriedly replying in the negative I passed on, and without further delay, reached my wife's house, where I remained in close concealment' for a month. At length I saw by the Gazette that the Sally schooner, Captain Hicks, would sail for the Bay of Islands on the loth January, 1817, for a cargo of New Zealand flax. In this vessel I determined to go, even although almost insuperable difficulties lay in my way. My wife kept a watch on me as keen as a lynx, never allowing me to be long out of her sight. Again, as this was a Govern ment craft, I would be obliged to give a very minute account of myself before I would be accepted as a hand, or taken as a passenger. Nevertheless, I determined to attempt it, for success is only merited by those who attempt. I hear the fastidious reader ask, but what about the wife ; does she not go also ? My friend, in this life if you will persist in looking after the interest of other people, you will die in the workhouse ; keep your eye fixed on self, and you are on the high road to fame and fortune. Well did I know my spouse would not grieve long after me, but would get another husband as quickly as I intended to get another wife, therefore few were the qualms of conscience to be anticipated on that score. The only way I had of conveying my swag away was on my back, so that when I bade farewell to my wife's dwelling I had no less than three Bliirts, two pair of trousers, and two coats on me at one time. Warm, you will suggest. A little, stranger, when the thermometer was only 90 deg. in the shade. I walked quickly to King's Wharf, off which the Sally lay, and springing into a dingy, rowed out to her. Singularly enough, three of the hands engaged for the voyage had absconded the previous day, therefore with hut few questions I was retained as one of the crew, and was duly installed in the forecastle that evening. Our crew numbered seven in all, and they were on the whole decent jolly dogs, with whom I got on very fairly. On the following day we weighed Anchor, and I bade Sydney my last farewell, since it was many a long year before I set eyes upon it again. Heaven send it prosperity, for many of my happiest days were there spent. It appears, as I afterwards heard, that my departure' was I just in time, for suspicion having been aroused amongst some of the constables as to my identity, and the individuals whom I bad met declaring I was a former Har wich hand, a strict watch was set for me. Dolly's house was searched only to dis cover that the bird was flown, and that their efforts were in vain. Ere long we sighted the Three Kings, and soon cast anchor in the Bay of Islands, my home for the future. Chatter XI. . I could not very easily effect my purpose to run away from the vessel, as the captain seemed to have some suspicion of my inten tion and kept a strict watch over my move ments. We lay off Te Puna, a little_ way above Banaihu, where were the mission buildings founded by Parson Marsden, and I could see everything that went on ashore, until sometimes I was tempted to make a spring for it and swim to land. The mission wa% started in 1814, when Parson Marsden, accompanied by Parsons King, Kendeli, and Hall, came to New Zealand at the request of the famous Buatara. So anxious was this Maori to acquire any knowledge that might benefit his Jiapu or tribe, that he took service before the mast in British vessels, endured indignity and ill-treatment, cared not what he underwent, provided he could learn some thing of European customs. He met Person Marsden in Sydney, and wished him to take a trip to New Zealand with him, but through the alarm excited by the Boyd massacre, this was not carried into effect until 1814. Buatara died shortly after the establishment of the mission. After we had taken in our cargo of flax the captain prepared again to return, but on the night before he sailed I found means to slip overboard, and holding my swag in my teeth, to swim ashore. I concealed myself in a clump of high ti-tree until the Sally sailed, when I at once issued from my hiding place and proceeded towards the mission-buildings. It is nscesarry in this life to eat, drink, and be clad, but it is every man's desire to effect this with the least possible labour. Accordingly on reviewing my position, I concluded the lest thing I could do was to go to the parsorg, represent myself as a convert who had been obliged to leave my vessel through the prevailing wickedness on board, and get them to give me food and work. The thought was father to the deed. I drew my visage to a befitting length and told my story, after which the parsons made as much work about me as if I had brought them a thousand pounds. The Maori chiefs, who at first were inclined to secure me and sell me to the first vessel that came into the bay, when they saw how welcome I was made at the' mission, one and all came and hungied — rubbed noses — with me, contending which should secure me as his pakeha. But I was in too comfortable a billet to leave it easily, notwithstanding Hongi, Korokoro, Muriwai, made the most tempting offers, Kawiti, also from the Hikutnhapu, offering me his two daughters as companions. But of course as a religious man such a bribe would have no inducement for me apparently, though I managed, for all that, to make love to the girls on th8 sly. Here I was, therefore, in April, 1817, established in New Zealand as parson's man. My work was not heavy. I had to cut wood, bring water, do a little fishing, and manage the little mission boat, that would run over to Kororareka, or up to Kerikeri, as the occasion required. I had no trouble 1 with the natives. They appeared to think that I was in some measure a partaker in the sacred character of my employers, and that any hindrance thrown in my way would bring down upon them the wrath of the God of the pakeha. This enabled me to do a little business on my own account. When they would send any little present down to tbe mission station, why, said I to myself, shonld I, like a fool, give this where there is abundance? And so, like a wise man, I stuck to it, and added all to my little store. The number of Maoris constantly loafing about the mission was surprising. Their chief end in life seemed to be eating and sleeping, except when there was any chance to swindle the pakeha in trade. Yet when they did work, they Worked with a will, pre paring fiax for the traders, and as their only instrument of preparation was a pipi shell, it was most tedious. Besides, they would accept no other commodity in exchange save muskets and ammunition, and as for one ton of prepared flax they would receive one musket, some idea may be formed of their arduous task. I thought it was as well to do a little business on my own hook here. Having smuggled a gun or two from 'the vessels that came in, I bought up all the flax, for which I demanded from the traders j two muskets, though I still paid tfle natives I only one. I had now a full opportunity of studying Maori life and customs, and, readers, recollect that every yarn I tell you is authentic — believe it or believe it not, as you choose. Undoubtedly the Maori is the finest of all native races. The nearest approach to him is Marquesan or the Tongan,' bat neither of these have the same suppleness of frame, nor the active intelligence possessed by the New Zealander. To see n rangatira (chief) in his j 4 Sunday best' with his cloak of kiwi'featbers thrown over his pekerere, his head plentifully daubed with red ochre, and adorned , with nodding kotuku plumes, his face a maze of tattooing, yet very expressive either of friend ship or hatred, his frame lithe as the eel he worships and eats, is to be convinoed of the truth of my assertion. Whilst assiduous in my misnjfe, I yet strove to identify myself as mnch aflbald with the natives, as I soon began tt tired of the Joint Stock Preach ing Company, and longed to out respecta bility for a free and easy life in the Maori whares. I picked up the language as thoroughly as I could ; I became acquainted with as many chiefs as possible, whom I could oblige in a good many ways ; I went to their kaingas (villages) at Kororareka and Keri Keri, joined in their tangis , paid respect to their tohungas (priests), and more than all, when I could get any rum, I gave a drinlr all j round, until I was regarded as only a step i behind the missionaries, and ah infinity ; setter fellow. There w&b; a chief here named Kawitiwai, who had a very nice daughter, on -whom I had set my eye. I thought there was no harm in me doing a bit of love making to pass away the time, but her father thought differently, and hoping to secure me per manently as his pakeha, he posted off to the parsons and laid an information against Of course I was instantly hauled over the coals, and was told I must at once marry the girl, so as to avoid showing a bad ezample to the natives, t To the devil with example, said I ; 4 do "yon imagine I am going to saddle myself for life with a wife because you think it is showing a bad example 7 not if I know it.' Kawiiiwai, on my refusal, became, most violent; he danced about the mission-yard Uke a fiend, flourishing his greenstone mere and an unloaded musket, declaring that every rangatira had a pakeha except him, and he was going to have one now ; that If I did not come quietly he would raise a taua (plunder- lag party) and -carry me off. This was rather more than flesh and blood could stand, so I quietly went ap to him, tripped him ap un expectedly, and quietly flung him outside the fence. If he was a fiend before he was the chief of them now, being literally bbside himself with rage, whilst the missionaries were rather inclined to laugh the whole matter over as a piece of harmless foolishness. Kawiti wai went away, and we had nearly forgotten the incident, when we heard a terrible sound of yelling, and hasty footsteps approaching. The Maori children cried out to us, 4 The taua, the taua,' but before we could remove anything from the yard it was filled with naked, armed savages, bent upon plunder. The scene almost defies description. In one corner was one parson holding hard to a pair of blankets and an iron pot against three Maories who were straggling to secure them; in the opposite corner another of the missionaries, with his heels in air, was yet battling bravely to retain possession of a pair o i inexpressibles and a hat. Kawitiwai had selected me as the object of his attack. He tugged and strained to throw me, but as many times as he imagined he had almost effected it, I threw him on his back, for though he was a heavier man than I, he did not know how to avoid my more skilful throws. Blows were freely exchanged, and had not Mr. Kendall come out and threatened to fire upon the Maories, the scrimmage might have become more serious. Upon order being restored, Mr. Kendall asked wbat all the disturbance meant, when Kawitiwai said he wanted utu (recompense) from me for fooling his daughter and making her a tutua (nobody) in tbe tribe. 4 Well,' said the parson,' 'you will not get satisfaction by coming in this fashion ; if you bad left yonr complaint with as as it was, we would have arranged all, now we can do nothing.' Again Kawitiwai com menced his fiendish capers. Hadashed np to the parson, then to me, brandishing his mere in our faces, threatening all sorts of vengeance, finally declaring he would remain in the yard till all was made tika (correct), though it were five, ten, twenty days in ac complishment. This was serious, as it meant a perpetual circle of friends along with the watcher, sitting and lying in the way. and doing a bit of quiet stealing when oppor tunity offered. Yet it was not in the in terests of the Mission to qnarrel with the natives, so things stood at a deadlock. At this juncture, Hongi entered the yard and enquired the cause of the disturbance. On being told it, he shook his head angrily at Kawitiwai, saying, 4 No good, no good.' Hongi was singularly unlike his after-self at this period. He was a peaceable, industrious, reserved man, giving no trace whatever of the savage and ferocious warrior, the inhuman and bloodthirsty conqueror. At length he proposed to refer the decision of the case to the result of the Niu, or divination by means of Bticks, to which, for the sake of peace, the parsons and I consented. This method of consulting the gods is effected by placing one stick on the ground, after naming two others what they shall represent, throwing them in air, deciding from the manner of their fall what is the wili of heaven. The question, therefore, to be decided now was whether I shonld remain at the Mission-station or go with Kawitiwai as his pakeha to the hapu (tribe) to which he belonged. It was not from any lack of desire to leave the Mission service that I re fused Kawitiwai's solicitations and flftmauds, since, as I before stated, I was thoroughly tired of doing the good, and longed once more for a jolly good spree ; but no man likes to be kicked about like a pair of old boots, so I stood on my dignity and awaited the result of the Niu. Hongi, as a neutral party, was commissioned to throw the sticks, when, if the one marked as mine fell underneath that assigned as. Kawitiwai's, I was understood to go with him bk pakeha. After a long karakia (incantation) to Korohaha Tu, the divinity supposed to reside in the sticks, 'Hongi tossed them in the air, and they came to the ground with mine underneath that of Kawitiwai's. Then a frantic scene of joy commenced. It was regarded m & vi'nfnra j the Maori deities over the God of the J missionaries, and for a long time after- j wards was. remembered a an of i their superior power in the matter of divi- S J??0?- My olerical employers did not break ! with me. They had , got it into their heads most unjustly, as the j- reader will allow, that I was feathering my neat at their expense ; in a word, that I was just an unblushing hypocrite. (vo bs oomnxusD.) t Jeffreys pointed with his caneio a xnan who was about to be tried, and said : There is a great rogue at tbe cane I" the mail promptly asked : jAt which end, my lord !" A Qoaker Toast.'— « This is me and mine to thee and thine. I wishwW thine come to see me and .mine/that me and mine wUl teeat thee and thee and thme have treated me and mine." The proprietors of "The Weekly Times" have pnidiMed tee right of pa'olishing thiB narrative j in HwSr journal. J 