[?] THE HOOSEER SCHOOL BOY. [By Edward Eezleston. in St. SieholasA Chapter XXVII. — The List Day of School, astd ihe Lasi Chapt.ee, of tee sxoey. It was the last day_ of the spring term of school. With Jack this meant tiie end of his opportunity for going to school. What he should learn hereafter he must learn by him self. The money was nearly out, and he must go to work. The last day of school meant also tlis ex piration of the master's authority. What ever evil was done after school-hours on taS last day was none of his business. All who had grudges carried them forward to that day, for thus they could revenge themselves ?without being called to account by the had no to-morrow to be afraid of. Hsnce Pewee and his friends purposed to square accounts on the last day of school with Jack Dudley, whoni they hated for being the best scholar, and for having outwitted them more than. once. It was on the first day of June that the schocl ended, and fllr. Williams bade his pupils good-bye. The warm sun had by this time brought the waters of the Ohio to a temperature that made bathiug pleasant, and when the school closed, all the boys, delighted . with liberty, rushed to the river for a good swim together. In that genial climate one can remain in the water for hours at a time, and boys become swimmers at an early age. Just below the village a raft was moored, and from this the youthful swimmers were soon diving into tlie deep blue water like frogs. Every boy who could perform any feat of agility displayed it. One would turn a somersault in the water and then dive from one side of the raft to another, one could float, and another could swim on his baek while a third was learning to tread water! Some were fond of diving toes downward others took headers. The 'little fellows' who could not swim kept on the inside of the great raft and paddled about with the aid of slabs used for floats. Jack, who had live- for years on the banks of the Wildcat, coul- swim and dive like a musquash. Mr. Willmms, the teacher, felt lonesome at saying good-bye to his school ; and to keep the boys company as long as possible he strolled down to the bank and sat on the grass watching the bathers below him plung ing and paddling in all the spontaneous happiness of young life. lliley and Pewee— conspirator to the la?fc —had their plans arranged. When Jack should get his clothes on they intended to pitch him off the raft for a good wetting, and thus gratify their long-hoarded jealousy, and get an offset to the standing joke about dough faces and ghosts which the town had at their expense. Ben Berry, who was their confidant, thought this a capital plan. ? When at length Jack had enjoyed the water enough, he came out and was about to begin dressing. Pewee and Riley were close at hand, already dressed, and prepared to give Jack a farewell ducking. But just at that moment there came front the other end of the raft, and from the spec tators on the bank, a wild, confused cry, and all turned to hearken. Harry Weathervane's younger brother, whose name was Andrew Jackson, and who could not swim, in dressing had stepped too far backward, and gone off the raft. He uttered a despairing and terri fied scream, struck out wildly and blindly,' and went down. All up and down the raft and up and down the bank there went up a cry, 'Andy is drowning !' while everybody looked for some body else to saveJiim. The schoolmaster was sitting on the bank and saw the accident. He quickly slipped off his boots, but then he stopped, for Jack had already started on a splendid ran down that long raft. The confused and terrified boys made a path for him quickly, as he came on at more than the tremendous speed he had always shown in games. He did not stop to leap, but ran full tilt off the raft, falling upon the drowning boy and carrying him com pletely under water with him. Nobody breathed during the two seconds that Jack, under water, struggled to get a good hold on Andy and to keep Andy from disabling him by his blind grappling of Jack's limbs. When at length Jack's head came above water, there was anaudiblesighof relief from all the onlookers. But the danger was not over. 'Let goof my arms, Andy!' cried Jack. 'You'll drown us both if you hold on that way. If you don't let go I'll strike you.' Jack knew that it was sometimes necessary to stun a drowning person before you could save him, where he persisted in otatching hia deliverer. But poor frightened Andy let go of Jack's arms at last. Jack was already ex hausted with swimming, and he had great difficulty in dragging tne little fellow to the ? raft, where Will Kiley and Vewee Rosepulled him out of the water. But now, while all were giving attention ta the rescued Andy, there occurred with Jack one of those eventswhich people call a cramp. I do not know what to call it, but it is not a cramp. It is a kind of collapse— a suddea exhaustion that may come to the best oC swimmers. The heart insists on resting, the consciousness grows dim, the will-power flags, and the strong swimmer sinks. Kobody was regarding Jack, who fir3fc found himself unable to make even an effort to climb on the i^,f t ; then his hold on its edge relaxed, and tie slowly sank out of sight. Pewee saw his sinking condition first ani screamed, as did Riley and all the rest, doing nothing to save Jack but running up and down the raft in a vain search for a rops ou a pole. ^The schoolmaster, having seen that Andy was brought out little worse for his fright and the water he had swallowed, was about to put on his boots when this new alarm attracted his attention to Jack Dudley. Instantly he threw off his coat and was bounding down ths steep bank along the plank to the raft, anil then aloDg the raft to where Jack had sank entirely out of sight. Mr. Williams leaped head first into the water, and made what tha boys afterward called a splendid dive. Once under water he opened his eyes and looked about for Jack. At last he came up, drawing after him the unconscious and apparently lifeless form o£ Jack, who was taken from the water by the boys. The teacher dispatched two boys to- bring Dr. Lanham, while he set himself ta restore consciousness by producing artificial breathing. It was some time after Dr. Lin ham's arrival that Jack fully regained hiss consciousness, when he was carried home by the-strong arms of Bob Holliday, Will Biley, and Pewee, in turn. And here I must do the last two boys the justice to say that they called to enquire after Jack every day during the illness that followed, and the old animosity to Jack was never afterward revived by Pewee and his friends. On the evening after this accident and thesa rescues, Dr. Lanham said to Mrs. Lanhauc andSusanandMr. Williams, who happened to be there again, that a boy was wanted ia the new drug-store in the village, to learn the business, and to sleep in the back room, sa as to attend night calls. Dr. Lanham did not know why this Jack Dudley wouldn't be just the boy. Susan, for her part, was very sure he would be ; and Mr. Williams agreed with Susan, as, indeed, he generally did. Dr. Lanham thought that Jack might be allowed to attend school ia the day-time in the winter season, and if the boy had as good stuff in him as he seemed to have, there was no reason why he shouldn't come to some thing some day. ' Come to something ?' said Susan. ' Come to something ! Why, hell make one of ths best doctors in the country yet.' And again Mr. 'Williams entirely agreed with Susan. Jack Dudley was sure to go up. to the head of the class. Jack got the place, and I doubt not f ul« filled the hope of his friends. I know this, at least, that when a year or so Liter his good friend and teacher, Mr. Williams, was married to his good and stanch friend, Susan Lanham, Jack's was one of the happiest faces at tha wedding. 