Intercolonial News. NEW SOUTH WALES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] SYDNEY, May 1. AFTER a storm comes a calm, and after the Sydney holidays usually comes a period of rest. It cannot be denied that during Easter we had lively times of it in the way of amusements and recreations; these were succeeded by compara tive quiet, and now we have got into every day working order again. During the week there has been no big event of a very startling character, either political or otherwise, to throw us into a ferment; nevertheless, taking one thing with the other, there has beenagoodly number of events worth chronicling. The Hon. Graham Berry has returned to the Slace from whence he came, no doubt bearing is "blushing honours thick upon him" with becoming modesty. Your Queensland protec tionists were so pleased at the impression he made here (which, by the way, is very small in deed) that they have invited him to treat them to a similar dissertation, but Mr. Berry, having once more placed his foot upon his native heath, is not at all likely to leave it till the session is over, even to oblige his good friends the Queensland protectionists. Stirred up by what they no doubt consider was a masterly exposition of the principles which they so strongly profess, the " league" in this city (which, as I nave already said, means Mr. Ninny Melville as the head, and Mr. Luscombe as the tail), intend to hold another " monster demonstration," when Mr. Hcydon, the most recently elected of our members of Parliament (but who has not yet taken his seat), will deliver an oration on " the fiscal policy of the colony." Perhaps the all-absorbing topic of the week has been the licensing question. Under the new Act publicans' licenses are now being re newed for the year. There arc altogether some thousand applications for such renewals, about half of which are opposed by the police. The bench is sitting almost every afternoon, and the scenes to be witnessed within the court are such as have no parallel within the memory of the "oldest inhabitant." Hundreds of publicans elbow and almost fight to get a place, and it is with the greatest difficulty that anything like order can be main tained. The lawyers denounco the Act in the most unmeasured terms; and yet these very men are i*eaping a rich harvest out of it, and would be sorry indeed to see it repealed. Among other new provisions is one which precludes a "single woman" (nota "widow") from holding a license, and only this afternoon some little amuse ment was caused through a bonny-looking "pub licaness," who has not yet entered the married state, applying to have her license renewed. The bench looked grave, then consulted to gether, and finally agreed to give the applicant "an extension of time" —ostensibly that she might complete certain improvements to the house, but in reality to allow her an.oppor tunity of coming within the provisions of the Act by takinjj to herself a " partner." A good deal of controversy has been going on during the week with regard to what was on titled " A Pen-and-ink Sketch" of Sir Henry Parkes, which appcarod in a recent issue of the Earning News. This, after describing in very forcible and certainly accurate terms his per sonnel, went on to deal with his character as a man and a politician. That this portion of the sketch was exceedingly " hot" there cannot be two opinions; but those who profess to know Sir Henry, while appearing to deplore the insertion of such an article on an absent man, are compelled to admit that there is a vast amount of truth in it. The portrait is vigour oiiBly—nay, graphically—drawn, and. whothor true or not, has created a considerable amount of speculation and comment—the latter being either in admiration or otherwise of it; the former as to who is the author, By a good many it is put down to Mr. Forster, the member for Gundagai, who is known to bo Sir Henry's bitter political foo, and to day tho Telaymi>h (which, however, ia very little of an authority upon any question whatever) devotes a .sub-leader to the sub joat, ana quite settles it by putting the cap of authorship on to thnt gentleman's head. But as they very often "bark up the wrong tree " on other matters, so most assuredly they have upon this occasion. With regard to the vacant See of Sydney, nothing more has boon done. A meeting °* the Synod of the diocese will be held on the 9th instant, when an ordinance will be sub mitted intituled " An ordinance to provide for the appointment of Bishops to the See of Sydney." This will provide for the nomina tion of three ecclesiastics, from whom one shall be chosen as the Bishop of Sydney. The news by wire on Saturday evening, that the Sydney boys had pulled off the inter colonial boat race on the Yarra was for some time discredited. When the men left Sydney their best friends did not think they had the ghost of a show, and when they reached Mel bourne and appeared alongside their com petitors they were almost "pooh-poohed" for their presumption in going so far to court what was looked upon as certain to be a most inglorious defeat. Why, they were mere striplings, of no size or weight! while their opponents were strong burly fellows, full of muscle aud pluck, who must win. As for tho betting, there was literally none, or if there was in the first instance it was from 4 and Gto 1, against the chance of the Now South Welsh men. But, keeping their own counsol, they worked early and late, and trained themselves into splendid condition for such slim 'uns, until at the start the 6 to 1 had decroased to 3 to 1. And then, as you doubtless saw by tho telegrams on the day of the race, the pot boiled over, for our youngfellows—notwithstanding the fact of pulling on strange water, hundreds of miles from home, in the most raiserablo of weather against the pick of Victorian oarsmen, won the race, it is said easily, by nearly two lengths—so sure is it that " you never can tell until the numbers are up." This is the fifth annual race, and the second tune New South Wales has been victorious. Sporting matters generally have been pretty* brisk, and the clubs are now preparing for tho football season. It is hoped that among other visitors during tho season we shall have a team from New Zealand, whose footballers are said to be "the very devil" in a scrimmage. During the week there has been a regatta and a scries of swimming matches, and at these latter M'lndoe, the Australian champion, is said to have made better time in the distance of 1000 yard*) than the celebrated English champion, Professor Bcckwith. the difference being 34&8ec. or 4^ yards. This may or may not be true, but per~ sonally it is a matter to which the wordß cun* grano tali* may be applied. There can be no> doubt, however, that M'lndoe is a magnificent swimmer, and there is some talk of sending him home by subscription to swim the English champion. To-day Archibald Forbes arrived in Auck land (N.Z.), from America, and the great little Smythe, his agent in Sydney, from Melbourne. The celebrated war correspondent was to have delivered his first lecture in Victoria's capital, but Smythe a c/uirgd tout eela, and he now commences his discourses in Sydney. "Welcome the coming" speed tho parting guest"—the latter being Mr., or rather as he has lately styled himself, Dr. Julian Thomas, who, no doubt (in his own estimation), is quit c as great a man as tho Daily News war cor* . og . pondent. Before leaving for Melbourr ie " n0 was treated to a farewell dinner by a nur a be r o f friends, and gave one of his nrBt- Tp erBOna i. pronoun speeches that must have been ex tremely interesting—to himself. Yesterday week Archbishop Vaughan laid the foundation stone of a B^n Catholic* Bible Hall, in William-street # Mr. Postmaster- General 'jj r own has partly retracted his obnoxious P\\. eBB ra t es regulation, by substituting a modifir ation thereof, which, while it will not satisfy Pr CSS correspondents generally, will go a 10'., g way i n that direction : and at tho same time i t amounts to a substantial confession that tb c previous edict was a mis take. Under the ew regulation the restriction formerly imposed does not apply to inter colonial messages or cablegrams, while there is provision ma de for allowing all Press messages in case the 'Jnes are clear of private business. This is, \\\\\ fact, a loophole for enabling the department to do what it does not (at present, at all events) care to say publicly it will do— namely, charge the cheap rate for all messages. There is also provision made against the possi bility of blocking the lines with Press messages, by restricting Press messages to 500 words if there be others waiting. But, wasp-like, the sting of the new regulation is in the tail—all messages aro to be written—any printed matter disqualifies a telegram just the same as it would a petition to Parliament. This is done simply to discourage lengthy Press telegrams, and will seriously affect some of the telegraphic agents to country papers. The repeal of this: obnoxious and ungenerous provision will as suredly be demanded. The " Englishc Fayre" at the Garden Palace* was brought to a close a week ago. The "Fayre of ye Olden Tyme" (Catholic) still continues,, and, truth to say, people arc getting pretty full of it. The ship Hereford, which arrived from) London last week, brought a large number of immigrants, all of whom met with ready em ployment at good wages. Messrs. Haynes and Archibald, after being: released from gaol, as described in your corre spondent's last letter, were invited to a public meeting, or " demonstration," as it was called, to receive the sympathy of the public. But they had already received all the practical sympathy they were likely to get, in the shape of £700 subscriptions. And the general opinion was that the matter had better then drop, for although Messrs. Haynes and Archibald were, to a certain extent, martyrs, there can be little doubt that it will pay them very well in thp long run. Tne Sydney Corporation has been inspecting the whole of the theatres and places of amuse ment in Sydney, and the result is a report pre sented at the last meeting of the city council. This was of a most damaging character, and conclusively proved that should there be an alarm any night in any one of the places re forml to, when there is anything like a crowded house, a most disastrous sacrifice of Ufo must ensue. And the report deplores the fact that the council can do nothing, its the licenses arc granted by the Government. The Government, in its turn, has appointed a commission to inquire into the whole subject-, . and the result will probably be the introduc tion into Parliament next session of a bill dealing with the whole mutter. As for the Sydney theatres, judging from the report referred to, the only way to remedy their defects would be to pull them down. The miners' strike at Newcastle is still as far • off a settlement as ever. In fact, the numbers " out" are increasing, and now amount to 500. The advocates of the strike say this is a good : thing, as the masters must give in ; but ttio.su ■ opposed to them say the consequence will pro- - bably be that the company will close up its mine altogether. Besides, those in work get tired, after several months of it, of paying over "levies" for the support of tho "strikers." A deputation of miners waited upon the Government a few days ago, to state that they were quite satisfied with the present Coal Mining Act, but exceedingly dissatisfied with the way its provisions were being carried out. In fact, so negligently is this being done, that there have of late been a large number of acci dents, and it in feared that unless a little more care is exercised, and a little stricter inspection made by those in power, one of these days there will bo a colliery explosion, resulting in a terrible loss of life. The Government have promised to meet the views of the miners, and to appoint an additional inspector. There is great dissatisfaction at the way things are being carried on at the hospital, and several of the medical staff have resigned. Some very nasty rumours get abroad from time to time, and the late inquiry into the death of the man Fielding did not raise the hospital in public estimation. Strict inquiries made by the Govern ment on the subject of tho Mount Poole destitution and scarcity of provisions have fortunately elicited the fact that the reports received were greatly exaggerated. The news that the shipment of meat by the Garonne, which has just reached London, has realised such miserable prices has created surprise and chagrin—surprise because the first telegram stated that it had arrived in splendid condition—chagrin because it is now felt that if many more such cargoes are- thrown upon the London market the Australian meat trade will get so bad a name that it will be entirely ruined. People who profess to "know you know" aver that Sir Henry Parkes won t be back before August next, and that the House won't meet till September. The general impression is, however, that a month earlier may be fixed in both instances. H.M.S. Diamond has arrived on the station to relieve H.M.S. Emerald, which, in a few days, will be homeward bound. H.M.S. Nel son still remains in Farm Cove, where she would prove a terror to the Russians, or any other foe who got down so far. Being a COOO -ton armour-plated vessel, carrying the heaviest of guns, the latest improvements in every department of warlike machinery, and a large and gallant crew, she would be able to defend Sydney or any other Australian port against any force a hostile nation could send against us. Amusements. In the way of amusements we have nothing to complain of. At the Royal, " The World" nightly attracts crowded houses. The piece is one of the most outrageously inconsistent character; full of dramatic incongruities, and a rehash of at least a dozen other pieces, with positively not a new idea or a new scene in it; yet so well is it got up as a spectacular drama, and so well is it puffed up by the Press and by posters and flaming woodcuts, that crowds rush to see it nightly. At the Gaiety, a very fine society drama,, entitled "Honour," has held the boards for over a week, with a very strong company, including Mr. Leake and the Misses Ada Ward and Carrie Nelson—all three stars of greater or lesser magnitude. " Honour "is a big attraction—little less so than " Dip lomacy" at the same theatre a few months ago. At the Opera House, the Pollard "Juveniles" have given way to Mr. Mar shall's company, who, on Saturday, produced a farcical three-act comedy called The GuVnor," which at once made a tremendous hit. The house was crammed. At the Queen's, Mr. J. B. Howe, an old- fashioned actor, is playing much blood and thunder, but little novelty, and, as a consequence, business poor, for, say what people may, the public will always give the preference to new pieces, if they have any merit at all, before the so-called " stars" who are constantly passing along with their old stock pieces. Mr. Thynnc, late of your city, has taken a lease of the Victoria Hall, where a variety company are showing, including Messrs. Kennedy and M'Carthy, the Irish comedians: but they are doing a poor business. This hall has always been unfortunate, and it does not seem as if it were going to be lifted out of the slough of despond by Mr. Thynne. 