The Old Man's Ghost. [ Several days ago a celebrated spiri tualist came to Lit tie Rock; and stated that before giving a public entertain ment ho would give a seanco where any number of a small invited'circle coald call up-the spirits, of. their friends aud converse with them. ";:By mistake a man from down 'the river was admitted, a man whose reputa tion for deeds of violence would sot place his eou! above par in the soul market. After listening awhile to rap ping, lioru-bloWin;, and gauze veil materialism, tho bad-man rose and said— ' : '"' ,-.■'■ ■;.".'■" ■'• ■.-' ~ ■ ;■■■■■;•■ . "Say, Cap'n, whar's. the old man's ghost?" . . -.;■. ""- "What old man," asked the medium. "Mj old man, the governor. Call him up." .■.■'■ :-:!,/;.' "What is Ms name ?* r- - ■ •■- • —• "Tom Bealick; call him up." .'".' ■ ;■ "I don't think wo are in, coinmuui cation with him to-night. ;' "What's the matter/wire down ?" -"Xo, tho old gentleman is off on a visit." . - • -: i O /. ".Now, hero, just shut up your wardrobe, aud tnrn on your light" If you don't give the old man's ghost a show, the thing shan't run.": -' ■ . "Wait, I'll see if he'll come," said the spiritualist. "If- Lo raps three times he is willing; if only once, he has other, engagements." \- A sharp rap resounded. • ' ■ ? "He's unwilling"' continued, the spiritualist > * Now, here,* said the bad man, * that want mr ole man's knock. Wbr, if he'd hit that table he'd splintered it. Call him up,' and, drawing a revolver, the affectionate, son cast a severe look on the medium. i 'To tell {he truth'l can't call him nP- . ."■■■■■; ' Tell him that I want to see him that'll fetch him.' , Z~S.'- - 'No, he'won't come;-but I beg of you to be patient. Wait; ab, he'll come presently. :Ho is' here and, desires to ' talk with you. He' says that, be is pcrfectly_happy, and that he longs for .the. time" when "you will be with him.■ He is one of 'the rulers in spirit land.' . ' Cap'n, your'e the infernalist liar in Arkansas. • : ' •'_• 'Why so, sir?" ■ - : 'Because the old man is in the city prison, drunk as a fool V—Little Rock Gazette. lOI.S. Espiegle, which reached Fremantle on the 31st March, report? that, two days out from the Cape, at night, the petty officer forward suddenly saw a Ggure dressed in white approach him. He started,back, and the figure immediately plunged'into-the sea. lie Cave tha alarm and. the ship, was hove to, and remained -at-'tho spbt'ail -night, when the crew mustered, and a lieuten ant, named Child, was found missing. It ii supposed, that Child, wit* sometimes walked in his sleep, was in a. state of somnambulism when be jumped into the sea. ■'•.'■ "' ' ... .' -' ' Cricket formed' the bans of th? Tery large fortune subsequently • made by Messrs..Spiers and Pond, and has been the means ?f giving Many a professional a good lift in the world. The Telegraph has been given to understand that the late tour of the English Eleven throueh out the Australian colonies and Xc? Zealand has proved a financial, as well as a cricketing success, the gross amount, taken from all sources, being in close Sroiimily to £13,000. The promoten, festrs. Shiw, Shrewsbury,, and Lilly white, pay the remaining nine profes sionals £300 each, and allowing £5000 for the expense* of the trip, this would leave the very handsome sum, in round numbers, of £6000 to be divided between the three aboicnamed. . A Tery loquacious female witness, whom the opposing counsel could not silence, so far kept him at bar that, by way of brow-beating her, he exclaimed, " Why, woman, there's enough brass in your face lo make a kettle!" ".And sauce enoucu in yours." she Instantly rejoined, "tofillit.''. ! : , ;- The JoUmont railway accident claims, which have either been settled by con sent, or for which rerjiets hare been given in the Supreme Court, amount to £35,000. Three other' demands made by 3Xeura ; Wright. B, Gaunscn, fand Cole, amounliog in the' aggregate to £18,000 are.awaiting settlement. :A Wisconsin farmer has been pnt under bonds to keep the peace on account of bis attempts to mutilate an: old lady whom he believed to be a witch. He avers in defence that she has bewitched his cattle and has repeatedly entered hU domicile through the chimney, the keyholes and other inconvenient end inappropriate apertures, contrary' to his wish and to hii great terror and distress. As part of the mourning for their Empress and co-Regent, who died in April, the Chinese were forbidden to shave for.a month. At Foochow the Mayor finding that the order was disre garded made a raid on the barbers' shops, and sixty culprits found there, were fined, severely bastinadoed, and, bad their shaved beads painted blue —the colour for mourning there—and aieely romuhed. They further had to present themselves weekly for fresh coats }f paint and varnish while mourning luted. ''■ ' ■ .;:■• ..;-•; . Up to the end cf March this year, L 4324, tons of potatoes hare httm ihipped from Warrnambool. Great ravages are being committed by logs on the Dwarroon estate near Cud [ee. Eighty fine young lambs have j wen destroyed within the last few days, f 