THE BILLYCAN OF GOLD. A CHRISTMAS STORY. CHAPTER L [By C. W. C.] : ' • " Tell me honestly, are yea innocent?" . * " Yes, sir, 1 ain, by heaven!" " Then I will do my utmost to prove that to the Jury. But you say there is strong^ evidence against you pf a circumstantial character." " There is; and 'what will go against me is the fact that I am a ticket-of-leave man." "Eh? And yon..still maintain that you are innocent of this charge of robbing the Bank ?" The man addressed looked a pitiful look, which showed that the inward sense of degradation was keen and the suffering there greater than all the law. might inflict. I, a young barrister, saw there were finer feelings in the man before me than was usual among criminals.: That increased my sympathy and interest for him. "Well," I said, "what are the strongest points against you ?" : V The day I was arrested my tent was searched, ani at the back a small box was found which had been taken from the Bank, and in it were two or three small nuggets of gold.'' " And have you no idea how it got there— have you any suspicions ?" ' . "It was put under my tent by some'one , while I was away at work, and that for only one purpose—to throw tne guilt'on me. As to the coward whose ruse has worked successfully so far, I am as unconscious as yourself." ; " You have no enemies ?" j " No, thank God," replied the man as his • face brightened at the happy reflection. " Before the Bank was robbed I had been knocking about ou One-tree rush for about six months, just managing to make a living, j and l Btayed thereabouts until the majority of the diggers had left, when the gully did 1 not proye so good as expected. There were a few rich claims, however, and they and the fossickers kept the township gointr. Well, the inference is that ! hung about the neighbourhood until I saw a favourable opportunity to carry out my plans of the robbery." "And you suppose that the fact of your being a conditional-pardon man strengthens the suspicion?" 1 '. " Yes ^that's it; and unless something is discovered of the real robbers I ghall be convicted on that fact alone. I know what it is to be a convict too well. I have suffered— that stain of shame has destroyed my life." " Perhaps if I spoke to the authorities for the prosecution, and told them your tale, they might put a little faith in it." He laughed ironically, bitterly, almost savagely. "I forgot—you're young," he replied, "they have no human solicitude for a criminal's welfare; they delight in sending a man to destruction." " I'll do my best for yen anyway," I interrupted, and after a few necessary questions I lelt him in charge of the gaoler. This was the first case of any importance that I had placed in my hands. Maybe it was' because there was small likelihood of any fees, and so it would be fruitless to have applied to any of the barristers of fame in Melbourne. At the outset I had resolved to take the matter up if only as an advertisement, but after my first interview with the committed man I became actuated by a very different sentiment, because I believed he was wronged. I worked hard at studying the affair \- from many technical standpoints, and I spent some money in collecting information at Onetree Gully. 1 asked my client where he had been on the day of the robbery, and endea-. voured to establish an alibi, but my efforts were hazy. I tried to find out if disreputable characters were seen or known to be about at the time, yet in this I was equally fruitless. The day of the trial came, and I had made no headway, but there was one weapon left to me' yet, and I was determined to use it vigorously—that was, the cross-examination of the witnesses. This 1 did with considerable effect, but I had no evidence to offer for the defence, and the counsel for the Crown made that a point against me. Then there were the two other leading facts—the box having b'een found in my client's tent, and he being a ticket-ofleave man. Of course I knew my only chance lay in rhetoric, and to ridicule the evidence against me. But the battle was too unequal —it was one against many—proof against protestation. 1 Bball not forget the look of despair which seized the unfortunate fellow when the Jury returned, and the foreman uttered the one word, "Guilty." I felt certain he would rather the foreman had shot him dead standing there in the dock. He could scarcely move, but the rough touch.of the policeman stung him into physical control, and» he walked away to commence his six years of hard labour. My efforts on his behalf did not go unnoticed. either by the Press or the jjublic, the former praised and the other patronised, the latter being more practical, for I soon had a lucrative business. This was what I had wished for, as I had to prepare a home for two persons. Having no parents living I had to provide for an only sister, who had arrived in the colony with me, and who was staying with my uncle until I had a comfortable home ready for her. My uncle was a doctor, practising his profession at the township of Booligallah, and I intended visiting him at Christmas, when I was to bring my sister and cousin Dora to live with me—the latter in the capacity of my wife- It wanted a couple of weeks to the festive season, and I looked forward to my trip with great expectation. Some six months had only elapsed since I had conducted my first case, and now I was doing extremely well—far better than I had hoped for. But I never forgot my " first client," and somehow felt sorry for him. Judge, then, of. my satisfaction and joy when the officer in charge of the Bank confessed, in a moment of semi-drunkenness, that he had committed the robbery; and further proof was soon obtained that showed that my "first client" was innocent of the crime. I myself was the bearer of the good news to the unfortunate prisoner. " It is, indeed, glad tidings that you bring me," he said, after I had told him my mission. " And I believe it has just come in time, for I could not bear up much longer." " I expect you will be enabled to leave this place to-morrow," I replied. " The . necessary formalities are now Deing arranged." '•I have much to thank you for, sir," he exclaimed, grasping my hand; " but I have hopes of yet doing so, and I will repay you in full for your kindness." "Make your mind easy on my account," I answered. " I was prompted by humane feelings, and thoroughly believed you innocent." CHAPTER IL I quickly made arrangements for my Christmas trip, and left the management of my legal duties in the hands of my partner; for I had taken a young fellow into the business, and everything was in readiness for my departure, which took place about ten days before the festive season. My iourney to Booligallah was a delightful one, being done partly by rail and partly by coach. It is quite beyond my powers to describe the beautiful scenery which met my gaze on every sidescenery _ that it would be hard to surpass. Australians, as a rule, are not given to admiring the scenes that surround them, but a man, if only with but little taste, is apt to go into raptures on witnessing them for the first time. Anthony Trollope gives us the credit of "blowing,' but give England or any other eou/try the many reasons for so doing as to be found under the Southern CYo-i, aud I venture to say that v.-? should soon have rivals (if we have not] them already^ in ilic art. I do not mean to &ay; that otiier co:>ijn i:have not their grand scenery, but for insinite variety and everchaagit.i beauty, none c;-.n, In my opinion, surpass fiiii- Australia. I received a hearty v. cicome on my arrival at .iicC'lifiiii;.:!). and I id'"- 1 tair cousin Dora looking iz-.r lonelier -if that were j-Ocvil-.l.!- v/h-n sh.s >-id left England, some tv, o years =;t;fov-:- ! :.ad sailed. She was tv.'tiity yc-4r.- u!-;, aud aiy sister was just about the same age. TLey were a couple of" handsome, dashing girls, who were well', calculated to 'n&ke; a fellow's holiday' delightful; and, as might be expected,, were objects of great attraction to the basnful young men about Booligallah, whoworshipped them at a distance. Th«> township was situated on a beantiful: clear lake, and there was a range of mountains : about a mile away, which was a greas resort of picnickers. The range was very lofty, buta mountain rose clear above the others, andto this there was attached a legend, which I shall speak of further on. The name of thismoutain was Mount Aropiles. and close to" the foot of it Tvas a sheep station, named after tbe mount. Ihe district about Booligallahi was formerly occupied by squatters, who fed their vast flocks upon the plains that surrounded the mountain range. But that individual, the selector, or "cockatoo," as he is more commonly called, found ont the valuetof the land for agricultural purposes, and the result was that selection after selection wasspeedily- takeni^r, fording the lordly squatters to seek "fresh fields and pastures new 1 ' whereon to graze their herds. The Mbunfc Aropiles Station was, however, beyond thte . "cockatoo's" reach, as it was ail purchasedland, and owned by,a gentleman who had many other and larger stations to look after, and was consequently nearly always absent from the place, which was under the chiaweof a manager. The township had rapidly sprang up, and was in a very thriving state at the time of my visit. My ancle was doing, a pretty good practice, considering the=' healthy locality, accidents requiring his presence mostly The- doctor took an early opportunity of telling me the legend connected with Moaat; Aropiles. It was.as follows:—At the foot of the mount is a cave, which is still pointed out to travellers as once the resort of the' notorious bushranger, " Starlight,* - ' .who years gone by had been the terror,-of the country. One of his most Jai^ng adventures was the " sticking-up" of a. gold escort that was on the way to Melbourne, and he succeeded in taking from it a large quantity of gold in nuggets. Some months after thia escapade he was captured, with the rest of his gang, excepting his chief mate, who succeeded in making his escape.' Starlight and his companions were tried and sentenced to death, but before suffering the last penalty of the law he disclosed the fact that he had hidden the gold robbed from the escort somewhere about the cave in Mount Aropiles, but would not name the exact spot. He made overtures to the effect that if the Governor, would commute the sentence. of death passed upon' him to imprisonment for life, he would lead a party of police to the spot. where. this immense treasure wasplanted. He only asked for his own life to be spared, and was content to let the men whom he had led into crime suffer , an ignominious death.; but this act was in keeping with his-dark career, for he was a scoaadrel of the blackest dyeL and as cruel as he was unscrupulous. Doubting his story, and fearing treachery, as his chief mate was still at large, it was resolved to let the law take itscourse, and consequently he, with his associates, who treated him with disdain for his cowardly offer, were executed; but before he waB led forth to die he was "interviewed" by many persons who had heard of the proposi- tion he had made, and who had succeeded in gaining access to his cell, some in the guise of spiritual advisers, whilst othera used different ruses. Of course the main object of these enterprising individuals was to endeavour to- • obtain from the condemned man the exa3t. locality in which he had hidden the gold ;. but ne maintained a moody silence,, for although the visitors spoke a lot about the "influence" they had in certain quarters, and promised that a reprieve was certain to follow the disclosure of the secret, the bushranger waB not so easily cajoled, and shey one and all had to acknowledge themselves: baffled, as the doomed man could clearly see. .through their move, and kaew that he would never be reprieved. So he carried th& secret to the grave with him, as did also th& rest of the gang; bat Starlight asserted that they were totally unaware pf the hiding*' place, his chief mate and, himself'being theonly ones who knew it. His mate was closelyhunted, and a strict watch kept on tne cave, the authorities thinking that he would returni for the booty hidden there. The bushranger was eventually captured, but through some unaccountable reason was not sentenced to death, but -was doomed to be imprisoned for the remainder of his'natural life. Thus the story was tpld to me, and I was expected to believe it, or else I would be held in much disfavour by the townspeople, whoall put great faith in it, being firmly convinced ol the plant. In fact they looked. upon the matter as a sort of legend—something that gave prestige to the neighbourhood. A stranger visiting the Mount for the sake^ of its beautiful scenery was at once put down, to be in search of the gold, though the fact might be that he never heard the story until he entered Booligallah. Starlight had stated that the nuggets were in a large " billycan," which waB tilled to the brim. Thus the legend, was called the " Billycan of Gold." The reputed " plant" was the stock topic of evening conversation with the inhabitants of the township, and the leading tradesmen, were wont to congregate at night in the bar of the " Traveller's Rest," and retell the tale,, and to discuss the probability of the gold ever being found. Sometimes old Soleleather„ the local bootmakef, would hold forth to am admiring audience on the chances of discovery, and all the likely places that had up to the present been tried. The affaire of the State were allowed to pass by with but little attention in the face of this hidden wealth, though. Soleleatber and Chipps, the carpenter; were considered politicians of no mean order, and. were .looked up to and respected as great authorities on all matters pertaining to the welfare of the country, when they occasionally - talked with far more eloquence than goocL sense of the manner in which they would govern. The manager of the Mount Aropiles station: I found to be a perfect gentleman, refined and well educated, and between us, even'on our first acquaintance, there sprang up a» strong bond of friendship. He was a hand-' some young fellow of some twenty-two or twenty-three years of age, and I soon found out that he was a secret admirer of my sister, and from the glad manner she always welcomed him, I suspected that his affection wasreturned. His mother and sister (the latter was shortly to be married to the young parson of Booligallah) resided with him on the. station, and I was accorded a warm welcorn3 whenever I chose to visit them. Their name a- were Heywood, and, like myself, they were English by birth, only being some eighteen' months out from home, but the son had!, arrived some time before the mother and daughter. CHAPTER ELL Residents in the country keep np €he Christmas holidays with far more gusto than city folk, and any one (who has happened to spend the happy season far from the close and contaminated atmosphere of the metropolis no doubt longs for the peaceful harmony that reigns supreme in the bush. Booligallah _ was making great preparations for the holidays, and the farmers were alt ready to receive their " sisters, cousins, andl aunts," who were to visit them, on a scale of great magnitude. It was arranged that the doctor's household should spend the Christmas at the: Mount Station, and a couple of daysbeforehand we were all transported to • that delightful place, where, despite the fact that a parson was amongst the; guests, we enjoyed ourselves to an nnlimited extent, cricket, picnicing, riding, and! every other amusement being provided for ' each Mid every one's delectation. Christmas Eve arrived, and yonne Heywood and I drove into Booligallah to make-- some purchases that had been forgotten.. This little business did not take long totransact, and we then adjourned to the- Travellers' Rest to obtain-some necessary refreshments, for our Christmas weather is.- calculated to make one thirsty, moreespecially a "new chum." There was the; usual muster that generally congregated of an evening, as all work was now suspended* in the township until after the holidays; had fairly departed. Old Soleleather was, of course, the centre of an admiring crowd, andwas discoursing on his favourite subject. «It " saving as we entered,. xi. J. e • , - be hea P s of picnickers out there —jerking his thumb in the direction of the mount— 'and they will all have a hunt for the billy-can,' and you may depend HI. be among them. Here's my respects to yon,. t ± t e^r9 0d - ' This was tc mv companion who had just " shouted" for the company. As I was a flaying I will be there, too, aud if that gold is to be found I mean to have a share in the thousand pounds reward offered tor its recovery by the Government, but I think they're mighty stingy and might offera bit more if they want to encourage people to be honest, for the value of that planted gold is known to be over five thousand pounds. Just think of that, gentlemen!" Whilst Soleleather was speaking there entered a swagiuan, footsore and dusty, and when he bar! thrown his swat; from his weary shoulders ani seated hin . • •:}'I caught sight of his face, and was surprised to find in him the man whom I called my "first client." I was jast on the point of making myself known, when, after Heywood had included him in the general drink, !-.c apoke, and I waited for him to finish. " Thank you, sir," said he, as he emptied the glass. " These are days a man can relish a drink. I wish you ail the compliments of the season. But I heard something as I came in about the gold that is said to be hidden, and my advice to all of you is not tobelieve a word of it." "What!" demanded Soleleather, greatly -astonished. "You ask us not to believe what we know to be true, and what is well known for miles round ? "Who are 50a, and what do you mean by saying such a thing?" he asked, angrily. " But if you are trying to take a ' rise out of us, you'd better be •careful." Now, the man's assertion created a sensation in the room, but no one was more •surprised, than myself at my "first client" (whose name was James Edgar—an assumed • one' he had told me) expressing himself so pointedly on the subject of the legend. He .Badnot yet recognised me, and I was now resolved not to make myself known, but to wait and tee the the termination of the wordy argument. I was seated on a form, and hanging from the roof was a large bough that had been placed there for the Purpose of decoration, and so I placed myself behind this friendly shelter. - "Look here, mates," said Edgar in reply toSoleleather, "I know more about the , aflair than any of you. I happened to be in ' gaol >rith Starlight's mate, and was associated 1 with hint for some time; occupying the same cellas he. Jfe told me-that Starlight had'made up the yarn, and therewas not an ; atom of truth in it. The gold that had been taken from the escort was melted down in Melbourne shortly after the robbery." This cause another flatter of excitement, -and dismay was depicted on all the faces as they thought—wondering that-it had never struck them before—how very probable the gold oould have been melted down, for it was . generally supposed that the bushrangers had agents' to do tneir business in localities where it was hardly safe for them to show their faces. " And don't you think" my " first client" continued quite unmoved, " if the gold had been really planted that Simpon {Starlight's mate) would have told me, seeing that he has a life sentence, and never will get out of prison? So if von will take my advice you will knock the foolish fancy out of your heads, for if you hunt for ever Jpou will not find the plant. There's none, that's plain." Edgar's words were not received kindly by -the assemblage", as it was a hard matter for them to imagine that they had been searching for and believing in a myth; andthey were not slow in resenting FAIB assertions, some in muttered growlinga, while others expressed themselves more loudly. But that was according to the law of human nature, for let any one see an idol that he has set his heart upon, believing in it thoroughly, and with it constantly in his mind, falling down and being shattered before his eyes, he will cry out against it most vehemently, even, though v it were.so small a matter as a bosh legend. Atlength old Soleleather stood up, and all wfere hushed to hear his opinion. A drowning man will clutch at a straw, and so the congregation of residents hoped to hear him -clear up the doubt that was cast upon their treasure, for they looked upon it as their especial property, or at least the most honest . amongst them viewed the reward as their Own. ; The great oracle brought forth many profound arguments to refute the swagman s statement—empty ones, indeed, but which were nevertheless loudly applauded by the company. "You gentlemen have heard what this man here says," Soleleather went on," and I know . you don't believe it. But what truth can we place on his statement—the statement of a ^man who, from his own confession, has been in"—^ 1, 1 Here, that will do?' Edgar roared fiercely. "There's no occasion to taunt me with that, for many better men than I—and for the nsatter of that better than you too— have been forced to spend the best part of their lives in gaol, aye, and many of them innocent. Because a man has been in prison, there is no need to insult him. Many a one has returned to crime, after resolving to live an honest life, through being taunted With misdeeds that he .wished forgotten." -Shouldering his swag he marched out, amidst the surprise of the company, Heywood-and. I shortly after followed his ex' ample, and after one or two short.delays in the township we set off in the direction of the station. The afternoon was still early, and therefore we were not in a great. hurry, but drove leisurely along. We both were silent, I being occupied with my own thoughts, thinking over the circumstances that had taken place in the Travellers' Rest. I felt, for the first time, disappointed in my "first client," and could not account for his motive In so boldly denouncing the "legend," and I failed to see how it could concern Ma I was glad I had kept out of his way, for . somehow I felt like turning against him, and putting him down as a " fraud." The first time I saw him I was struck by his sufferings and sympathized with him. And now I called myself a few uncomplimentary names for being so easily fooled, and being such a poor judge of character. " A veritable swagman, thought I, " and with plenty of cheek too." I said nothing to my friend of my previous acquaintance with the man, as I thought that perhaps he would laugh«at me being so easily taken in. We had proceeded about half the distance to the station, when Heywood drew my attention to the swagman some distance in front of us, sitting beneath a shady gumtree that overhung the road. I shall pull up and have a yarn to him,' c said Heywood. " Please yourself," I replied ; " but he's only ja. common tramp, and evidently a cunning one as well." "I don't think he always been so hard-up, and his manner is that of a man with some learning. I feel strangely interested in him, and might be able to find him some work on the station." Not wishing to be recognised, I drew my hat over my eyes, and taking a newspaper from my pocket I appeared engrossed in its contents as my companion drew the trap up to the spot where Edgar was seated. "Good-day, my man," commenced Heywood, for in the bush it is the usual custom to greet any one with " Good-day," no matter what the time iray be. "I suppose yon intend to put UD at the Mount Station to-night?" " Yes, sir, it was my intention to do so," replied the other, removing a short clay pipe from his mouth. "Well, I'm the Manager, and if you like you can stay until after Christmas. £ was . somewhat struck by what you said in the Travellers' Best, and if you don't mind giving us a sketch of your career, for it must be an eventful one, I should be thankful; and if you are determined to turn over a new leaf, as I am sure you are, I would find you with work." " Thank you, sir, for your kindness," said Edgar. " If there were more gentlemen like you it would be better for the country and men like me. I have resolved to lead an honest life, but circumstances have placed me innocently in prison, for once you have been comjnitted, the old saying is applicable, 'Give a dog a bad name'—you know the rest." ' I stole glances at my " first client" from around the corner of my paper; but he evidently cook no notice of me, but directed all his attention to my friend. No doubt he thought I was too proud to notice a swagman and resented my conduct by treating my presence as not worthy of note. " Yes, it is a true old saying. But let us hear some of your adventures," said Heywood. "Well, it is not pleasant to speak about one's life when there is a dark stain on it. Howeiver, I will give you a short sketch of mine. I was sent out to Tasmania as a convict. with a sentence of fifteen years, for appropriating a large sum of money that I had no right to. That was the only crime I was ever guilty of; and, God knows, I have repented it, for I not only brought disgrace on myself, but on those I fondly loved—my wife and children. After serving a few years I was let out on a ticket-of-leave, or granted . a conditional pardon, which means that I -could go anywhere but back to England. The diggings in this colony attracted me hither, \- and I had hopes of making enough to take me back home, for although I was not allowed to .go there I made up my mind to have one look at my wife ana family, and crave their pardon for the wrong I did them. J also intended to gain their consent to join me in this country after I had come back and .got a home ready for them. I could not carry out my plans on account of being unsuccessful; but I had hopes of the tide turning in my favour some day, and I struggled, on. But when I was arrested at One-tree Rush for a Bank robbery I was almost distracted. I was found guilty of the robbery, in spite of the endeavours of a. young lawyer in Melbourne, who believed in my innocence, to get me oft I only served about six month of that sentence, when the Manager of the Bank confessed to the crime; but I could never make out why he wanted to fix the guilt on me by placing Bome of the stolen valuables in my tent whilst I was absent. Doubtless he had found out that I was a ticket-of leavc man, and thus likely to be supposed capable of any crime. However, I have hopes of yet returning to England for a short time. It is now twelve years since I was transported, and I have not heard anything about my family since." " What part of England did you come from ?" enquired Heywood. "Fromthe County of Somerset, or, to be more explicit, from the town of Melton," answered Edgar. "What!" excitedly exclaimed my companion, " did you say the town of Melton. V" " Yes,"' assented the man. " But why are you so excited? You have turned quite pale. What is the matter?" he asked rapidly. " Ob, nothing. I am all right now. I knew .some people who resided in Melton once, and thought it a strange coincidence," said Heywood, endeavouring to appear composed; but I could 6ee his hands trembling so much that he could scarcely hold the reins. " We must be going now. . There is the men's hut through the clearing yonder, and if you will give the cook this note it will be all right," handing my "first client" a slip of paper he had written on during the man's recital. Heywood then grasped the whip to touch up the horses, but hishand was still so shaky that it was some time before he could free the lash , from the dashboard, where it had become entangled. Whilst he was doing so I kept my eyes on Edgar, when I saw a wonderful change take place in his face, for it had turned to livid whiteness, and he presented the appearance of someone receiving a great shock, whilst the note he had been reading fluttered from his helpless hand to the ground. I was just going to draw my friend's attention to the man's manner, bat thSihis demeanour suddenly changed, and he-recovered himself enough to make an effort to speak; but a muttered sound was all I heard, for if he said anything it was lost in the noise of the wheels as the trap started, and we sped rapidly along: Looking bade at the man we had left by the roadside, -I saw" that he .had sunk on his knees,, with both bands pre&ed; to his forehead, as though Buffering from some mental agony. I was greatly astonished once more at the man's manner, and-also this .-.time at my friend's. conduct. I could make nothing out: of the little drama that had so recently-taken place, and it was hard to account for the two . men being so excited. I again felt all the old sympathy returning to Edgar, and I resolved to see him in the morning and make my presence known, and find out the cause of his. emotion. In' the meantime I said nothing to Heywood, who had not spoken since leaving the man; but when nearing the homestead he said, abruptly— . "Wylie,.you have heard that man's story, and to-night you shall hear mine; and as you are a lawyer I shall ask your advice. Say nothing, but come out with me when all have retired for the night." CHAPTER IV. By this time we had reached the station, and handing the reins to a groom we were soon snugly seated in tie drawing-room, whilst our purchases were brought forth to be criticised, and amongst them were several presents for thte young ladies, with appropriate ones for the old people. The doctor was with us, for nobody—very considerately —required his presence. -The" young parson was also amongst us, paying much attention to Heywood's pretty sister. In fact, it was a very jolly party that was gathered together in the drawing-room of Mt. Aropiles homestead that Christmas Eve; all enjoying themselves thoroughly, with the exception of the. young Manager, who was evidently depressed, and full of his own thoughts. Several times he endeavoured to rouse himself, and join in the hilarity of his guests, but the attempts were fruitless. His manner did not pass without remark from the girls, and his mother enquired what had happened to make him so dull and silent; so different from his general character, for he was usually the life and soul of the place ; always lighthearted, and his merry laugh was wont to echo through the house. At length he made some excuse, pleading not feeling extra well, and taking my arm we strolled out into the garden. A lovely night truly was this, my first Christmas Eve in Australia. Silence reigned supreme, no sound breaking the stillness. The stars were shining brightly, and the range of mountains loomed ap in stern grandeur. Fain would I describe that scene, for although I have become familiar with it now, it never looked so beautiful as it did on that night, and it is still vividly impressed on my memory. My companion was still silent, and after strolling about the garden, he Beated himself on one of the rustic seats, and motioned me to follow his exiample. "11 romiBed you to-day, Wyliel" he said, *' that I would tell you my story. I have had strange feelings since meeting that swagman— feelings that are, I might say, mystical. This is not the time to be sad and gloomy, for the Divine command is 'Peace on earth and goodwill to man;" but I cannot help feeling at war with myself and all the world! Why? you ask. I will relate my story, and then you can judge for yourself. No one about here knows anything of my early life, except of course my mother and sister, and it will lift a weight off my mind if I tell it to you, and then vou can advise me what to do. You might hardly believe. me when I commence by saying that my father was a convict." " Impossible !" I ejaculated. " But too true," he continued; " and whenever I meet men whom people are apt to call ' gaol-birds' I pity them and help them as far as possible to lead a new life. But I was actuated by different sentiments when I stopped to talk with that man on the roadside, as I could see he was above the ordinary stamp. In that calm and stately lady whom I call mother you would scarcely discern the pain she haS suffered on account of my father's shame, to say nothing of the humiliation my sister and I have teen forced to undergo;" and burying his face in his hands he lapsed into silence, broken only by his attempts to baffle emotion. Laying my hand on his shoulder I begged him to refrain from touching on a subject which had so many painful associations. " Painful," he. said bitterly. " Yes, Wylie, they are painful, but you shall hear them— you who have a right to hear them, for I have intended to ask your sister to be my wife, and you shall say whether I shall withdraw my suit or not." " Hey wood," I replied, quietly, "I am a lawyer, and therefore used to looking at things in a matter of-fact style. It is quite sufficient for us to know your sterling worth, and any fault of vour father shall not be allowed to come between us—that I can assure you. Do we not know you as an upright and honest man, and what more is necessary ?" "I thank you, Wylie, for your kind words, but I must tell you the whole story. I have a good recollection of my father, who held a position of trust in the English town of Melton. I was just between eleven and twelve years of age, when alarming discrepancies were discovered in my father's accounts, and he was arrested *for embezzling over £1,000. He was found guiltv, and sentenced to penal servitude. The grief of my poor mother was heartrending, for she was warmly attached to her husband, and for some time her life was despaired of. My sister and I were the only children in the family, and we were taken caie of and educated by my mother's friends, who also took care of her. A few years- after my father had been convicted news arrived home that he and some others had perished in an attempt to escape from the penal settlement, which was another shock to us. When I had reached the age of twenty I left school, and was undecided what profession in life to follow ; but at that time it happened a rich Australian squatter—a distant relation of my mother—was visiting the old country, and I received an offer from him to come out here and learn colonial experience. The squatter was the owner of this station, and, as he held out good inducements to me, I accepted his offer. It was not without painful feelings that I looked upon the separation from my mother andsister;butl was determined to have a home for them in the El Dorado of the South. It was arranged that I was to send word when I was ready to receive them, which I fondly hoped would not be long. On my arrival here I met with much kindness, though I was forced to commence from the bottom of the ladder. Prom storekeeper I rose to be overseer, and from that took the sole management of the station. When I saw I was on the highroad to success I brought out my mother and sister, who, it is needless to say, were charmed with the country, and quite contented to remain. I am sure it is the case with my sister, for— well, it's not necessary to explain, a certain reverend gentleman can tell you the reason." My friend had now resumed something of his usual light-hearted manner, but he became sad again as he concluded— "But since coming in contact with that swagman this afternoon I have had peculiar thoughts running through my mind. Something in his voice instinctively reminded me oi my father; but when he mentioned the same town as my father had resided in I was startled, and when I come to think of it more the particulars correspond in detail. What if my father had not in reality died, but that the statement of his death -was a mistake on the part of the authorities ? These things have occurred before now. In trubh, it is a coincidence, if nothing more. I have never had much faith in presentiments, but I experienced something like one to-day." I felt myself there was something in it, for, although it might be probable that Heywood's father and my " first client" had come from the same town, the iatter's manner on reading the note by the roadside was extremely strange, to say the least. And, lawyerlike, I put all the circumstances together, and came to the conclusion that my friend had some grounds for his suspicions. " I know I can trust you implicitly with my story, Wylie. I am sure you will think none the less of me now that jou know alL To have my doubts settled I have a mind to go down to the men's hut to-night, and see that man again." You said you wanted my advice, and now I give it to you. Wait until the morning, and then go and force him to tell you more— for I am sure there is something more. In the meantime take my word, and 'turn in' (during my short residence I had picked up seme colonial phrases). Jp a few minutes it will be Christmas morning," I said, looking at my watch. " I don't feel as if I could sleep if I were to try. I think I snail take a stroll, and you may as well come too." he replied. " I have often felt that I would never forgive my father if he lived ; but I feel I could do so now, for at this season of the year the spirit of forgiveness should doubly animate us; out, thank God, I have never had a living enemy to my knowledge, and therefore cannot forgive any." " I don't know if I can say as much, old fellow," I replied gaily, with the idea of putting him in a more lively frame of mind than he had previously been. " A lawyer is forced to make enemies. From the witness he . examines rather severely to the criminal whom he fails to get out of the clutches of the law—all combine in wishing him anything but a ' Merry Christmas.' Such is human nature, fo**" Come, come, Wylie, no philosophising, but let us rather take a walk, and, as the poets say, commune with nature on this beautiful Christmas morning." So saying, my friend took my arm, and we left the garden, wending our steps in the direction of the ranges. " CHAPTER Y". At the foot of the Mount we'seated ourselves on a fallen tree, close to the mouth of the Bushranger's Cave.- We were both silent, myself in particular being lost in the admiration of the scenery, and my thoughts were wandering, when at length Heywood startled me by abruptly asking— " Do you believe in ghosts, Wylie ?" " What jiohBense!" I answered. " Here am I ardently admiring the beautiful scene -around us,when you must break in with, such an absurd question. Ghosts are all fudge—fiddlesticks, fit only for the nursery, when told bv some old and respected granny, and then, of course must be believed; but such a question is quite out of place when uttered by a man of your sizfe anil age." "Thereason I asked you is because I could swear I heard a groan in the direction of the cave, where, you know, it is said the scoundrel Starlight murdered numberless victims. But it is wonderful how these yarns get exaggerated. First a newspaper gets hold of them, and another copies, it, adding a little to make it read as if it were original; and thus it is that small beginnings have large .ends—that is, large lies. Brt as for believing in ghosts, I never had a Tendency, in that direction, not even in my juvenile days, knd was always a scoffer at the goblin stories we were told round the Christmas fire in the old country — blood-curdling yarns—-but they failed to frighten me very much." "Let us change the unsavoury subject," said I, "or you will be making me quite nervous. Now, what a scene is this for a painter! They may talk of their beautiful Italian nights, but I don't think this could be beaten easily. But what is the matter ?" I asked, suddenly breaking off in my theme, for my companion had started to his feet, and was standing in a listening attitude. "Hush !" said he; "I am sure I heard the groan again—very low, but distinct enough. Ah! there it is again. It apparently comes from the inside of the cave, and here goes to investigate it." And he made for the cave at a quick pace, and as we reached the entrance several groans smote our ears. " There is some one here, sure enough, and evidently in pain," said Heywood. We hail now entered the cavern, but it was so dark that we could not see a foot ahead. " Hallo, there I" cried Heywood. " Whereabouts are you ?" But no answer was received, only the low moans continued to show that the cave was inhabited, though evidently by some one suffering intense agony. " We must have a light before we can do anything. Let us go outside and gather up some dry leaves, and we'll quickly have a blaze," suggested Heywood. This idea was no sooner said than acted upon, and In a short space of time the vast cavern was lit up by a flickering glare. We had now little difficulty in finding that the object of our search was a human being almost buried, beneath a huge rock. He was lying face downwards, and the rock was right across - his back. To remove this obstacle we were compelled to use extreme cafe, as the shifting of it would give fresh pain; but we were possessed of some strength, and succeeded m lifting it bodily from the prostrate man. By the time we had him freed the fire-had burned out, so we were unable to see his features. Heywood was on his knees, and had the man's head raised, for he had apparently fainted; and I, in groping about in tne daik, struck my foot against some object, which, on closer examination, proved to be a lantern—the very thing we required. I quickly lighted it, and on looking at the form my friend was supporting a burst of astonishment escaped me. "By Jove 1 it is tlie swagman we met on the road, and who scouted the idea of , the gold being planted here. But what is he doing here? Seems as if he was after the gold, eh?" But Heywood stopped me. " Hurry, and get some water from the creek," cried he, excitedly. " Fetch it in your hat, or anything; but for heaven's sake be quick." I soon returned with the water, and on its being applied to the man he somewhat recovered. "Who are you?" he feebly enquired. " What brings you here ?" " We are friends who are willing to help you. Don't you remember meeting us on the road ? I am the manager of the station," replied my friend. I kept in the background out of the sight of my "tirst client." " Who are you ?" he again asked. "My name is James Heywood, if that is what you want to know." " Yes, yes; I know, for that is the name you put on the note you gave me. But I want to know where you originally came from. Were you born out here?" he gasped quickly. "I cane from England, from the same town as you said you came from," replied Heywood, whom I could (with my hand on his shoulder) feel trembling, waiting for what was to follow. " I lived in that town, and had a son who would be about your age now. Oh, God! can this be true ?" he cried. " Am I at length permitted to see my son once more, my son whom I disgraced by my lore of gold. You are my boy. I felt it when I saw your name signed to the note; and you were so excited when 1 mentioned the town of Melton. Come, my son, and say you forgive. Perhaps for the first and last time, say you forgive me; for I think this accident will prove fatal. I am much hurt, and likely to be done with this world— a world that has not dealt kindly with me. Say just once that you pardon me," pleaded the man. "I do forgive you, father," sobbed the young man. "1 do forgive you, and I am sure my mother and sister will do so also. We thought you were dead." And the poor fellow utterly broke down. "Ah! where are my wife and daughter? What! on this station? Oh, heaven! how thankful shall I be to see them once again. But 1 am getting faint. I pray to God that I might live just a little longer now that I have f9und my loved ones—live to make reparation to them." He appeared to be getting faint, but a draught of water revived him a bit. " Listen to me, my son," he went on, " My olflect here is in search of the gold. I obtained the secret from the bushranger's mate in prison. Don't start. It was only my intention to obtain the reward, with which I was going to have, in order to take me home to England to have one look at my family. There is now no need to do so, but I must tell you more quickly. The motives I was actuated by in asserting at the Travellers' Rest that tne gold was not hidden here was to disarm suspicion, for I had heard that the people about here had become so firmly convinced of its existence that they * were suspicious of every stranger, and my appearance in the neighbourhood might be put down to being in search of the' billy-can,' so I resorted to that ruse. I waited until the night had pretty well advanced, and then made my way here, and according to my instructions came prepared for shifting a large rock that covered tne hiding place. The plant was in the side of the cave, just these," indicating the place with his finger, " but I prized the rock too far, and just then the lantern went out, and in stooping to recover it the rock fell on me. -The gold is in the opening where the rock fell from. I could just see it; perhaps the sight of it caused me to loEe my senses and shift the rock off its balance. But I am getting weaker, and" He said no more, but fell into unconsciousness again. I thought that he was dead, but my friend could feel his pulse beating. " Quick," he cried, " let us return for the doctor. But wait; you stay here—I will go," and bounding through the 'mouth of the cave he was gone. Left alone by myself I took up the lantern and examined the place where the rock had fallen from. Reaching my arm into the opening I felt a metal object, and drawing it out I found it to be the veritable " Billycan of Gold" which had caused all the excitement in the neighbourhood. The vessel was full of nuggets, and it took all my strength to lift it down, but no sooner had I raised it than the bottom fell out, being completely rusted away. The valuable nuggets fell to the floor and were scattered everywhere about, and wherever I put my foot down it was on the top of a lump of gold. It was something novel to me to be kicking such precious metal about, and I think I rather liked the sensation. To gather the nuggets up was a work of some time, and before I had got half through I heard Heywood and my uncle (who was used to be called from bed at all hours, and long practice had reduced quick dressing to a science with him) approaching. Going to the mouth of the cave I fouud that the morning was breaking—Christmas morning— and a memorable Christmas it had proved. My uncle, for an old gentleman, sho (ved considerable agility in keeping up to young Heywood, for I saw them both coming along at a rapid pace. Heywood's first words were an enquiry if his new-found father had shown any signs of returning consciousness: but the doctor at once proceeded, as well as he was able in the dim light, to examine the extent of the man's injuries, and he was eagerly watched by both Heywood and myself. After a short examination, he said— " We must have him removed to the station at once. It is impossible at present to form a correct estimate of the man's injuries, but should he have received any internal hurt it is not very likely that he will recover. But you two young fellows hurry to the station, and bring a stretcher back with you." We both sped to the homestead and lost no time in obtaining a stretcher, without disturbing any one about the place. On our return we were forced to go a little slower. " I know I ought to feel glad," said Hey-, wood, " for recovering a father whom I had thought dead. But what if I have only found him to lose him again so soon ? Your uncle,- the doctor, knows what relation his patient stands to me; but I want it kept quiet for my mother's sake, the reason of which I will explain. If the doctor after he has made his examination says that th^e is hope,- then she will-latow that the prison authorities madea mistake, and that my father still lives. But, on the other hand, if there is no chance of his recovery I want it to be kept secret,, for my. poor mother hais suffered enough alieady .without the wound being opeued afresh. God forbid that he should die just as we have found him, for if he should live I would endeavour to lighten'^ the • load of sorrow'he has placed upon his and all our lives." Tears were in his honest eyes as he spoke, and his voice faltered with emotion. Poor fellow! He had been brought face to face with his father, whom he had never expected to meet this side of the grave under sad circumstances. Though he had sinned greatly, and brought disgrace upon their name, he had long .since been forgiven by his wife and children. I could not trust myself to speak to Heywood, for I was afraid of betraying my weakness. .. It was quite light when we had reached the cave,, and the doctor, .who was anxiously awaiting us, was by the side of the still unconscious man. With great tenderness we placed him on the stretcher, and carefully proceeded with our burden .to the homestead, leaving behind us, scattered about the cave, the gold which had been so long and eagerly sought for, but now not considered worth waiting to gather. But, of course, it was of the utmost importance that we should have the sufferer properly cared for as soon as possible. When we reached the homestead, the unconscious man was placed upon his ison's bed, and the doctor, who always carried everything with him, set to work at once. My ideas were more sordid, and I broached the subject of the treasure left in the cave, but Heywood refused to leave his father, and, consequently, I proceeded by myself, fetching back a bag with me in which to put the gold. It did not take very long to secure the nuggets, and on my return I was met by Heywood, who informed me that the doctor had ascertained that the accident was not as serious as at first expected, and he was confident that his father would soon recover, though, probably, he would be a cripple for the remainder of his life. The news had to be broken to his mother, and-this the doctor had decided on doing himself, for it was a matter that required great delicacy and tact. We were shortly afterwards invited into breakfast by the voung ladies, who were all sparkling and gay, ana were almost teasing the life out of tne poor unfortunate reverend gentleman who was placed at their, tender mercies. Heywood kept silent, for they wiere quite unaware of the drama that had been enacted so close to them, and they received one or two reproving frowns from him for their hilarity. As for myself, I maintained a rigid exterior, overwhelmed with the weight of the secret I was holding. The doctor was 'as pleasant as ever, and kept a running conversation, chaffing the reverend gentleman and paying compliments to the young ladies ; but once s or twice I caught him looking anxiously in the direction of Mrs. Heywood, and I guessed what was passing in his mind. Whilst the young ladies went off to dress for Church—for we were to drive into Booligallah to our young clerical friend's place of worship—the doctor begged a few minutes' conversation with the lady. There is no need to describe the particulars of that interview, but sufficient to say the doctor got through his task successfully, breaking the news in a delicate manner. Tne lady bore the shock bravely, but when she learned that her husband was beneath the same roof as herself she could not be controlled, but implored to be instantly led to his side. No vulgar eyes witnessed the reunion between the husband and wife, for it was too sacred to be seen. The doctor then hastened to inform the daughter, and soon the husband, mother, son, and daughter were united after many years. Mrs. Heywood, in her calm manner, bade us participate in our Christmas fun, as if nothing had happened, and she alone would remain at home Dy the side of her husband. If the early part of my first Christmas in Australia was marred by anv sad feelings, it was soon- more than repaid by the hearty manner in which we entered into enjoyment on the remainder of the day. After we returned from Church we had an immense picnic at the foot of the Mount, in which croquet, cricket, &c.;, was indulged in, despite the fact that the sun was over 100° in the shade, which means something pretty warm to a new chum. There were numbers of other picnickers about the Mount, who spent their time between feasting and hunting for that " billycan of gold." It is needless to say that they never found it, though old Soleleather, who was the most enthusiastic searcher, found a nugget of gold in the cave, which had been overlooked by me when gathering them up. This caused great excitement through the ranks of the picnickers, who envied Soleleather in his good fortune, and only added as an incentive to the other searchers. But no other was found, much to the discomfort of these individuals. But it is needless to -prolong the story. The good people of Booligallah were surprised to learn, through the medium of the newspapers, "that the billycan of gold" which had been robbed from a gold escort by the notorious Starlight and his rang, had been discovered by Mr.' James Heywood, Manager of Mount Aropiles Station, hidden in the cave at the foot of the mountain, and that he had been awarded by the Government the reward of £1,000 offered for its recovery. Many Christmases have come and gone since tnen, but before another one had passed after the incidents just recorded there was a triple wedding at Booligallah, when James Heywood, jun., led my sister to the altar, and 1 my cousin Dora, whilst the Rev. Mr. Leslie followed our example with Miss Heywood, And we are all happy now for life. But the greatest pleasure of the elder Mr. Heywood, or my "first client," as I still call him, is to relate the story of THE BILLYCAN OF GOLD. 