PATTY'S DILEMMA. .BY.J.C,. JOHNSON. „ . ' CiuriEa I. , Tho Traveller's Best, kept by Miss Deborah Lano some few years ago, was really as noat and snug a littlo waysido inn ss ever tempted a: weary digger or swagsman to enter after a long day's tramp from end mining district to. ano ther ; and those who did so were never disap- pointed in their hopes of finding their wants well and promptly attonded to. Miss Tchoraii herself . took a pride in keeping her small hotel something abovo tko common, as shc.tcrmed it, and tho beverages dispensed by herself and hor pretty nioco wore unanimously voted by competent judges to be of the best des cription. , .. . " ... . It was well situated too, being within a mile of the then flourishing John Crow Diggings. When Miss .Deborah first went to rcsido in tbe: locality her dwelling had 'been a mere bush litit of a couple of rooms only, and those of the roughest description ; but with tho first rush to tho new diggings tho old lady liad .it pulled down and tho smart little building, now tormcd (justly ton) The Traveller's Best, was erected on tho sits of the old and disreputable looking shanty. And it had its full share, of patronago too. It was clean, comfortablo, and as Miss Deborah was wont to say, she took good caro. it should bo thoroughly respectable. Those who onco visited it wore certain to find thbir way thithor again .and again,, thut is if tho landlady approved of thorn (and , Miss, Deborah was , very particular) so, that she had a supcrior class of regular customers. They were for tho most part steady, well-to-do minors, who 'respected Miss Deborah, appreciated her good liquor, and some thing more than admired her rosy-faced bright- eyed niece, pretty Patty lane. Yes, they respoeted "Miss Doborah, for, as they said, sho wasn't a bad sort. Sho wouldn't , en- courago tho lucky but improvident fellows to sit spending their hard earnings in making what she called beasts of themselves. Oh, no ; .when once considered thoy bad hod sufficient sho flatly re fused to supply them with a singlo nobblor more; and thus kept up tlio character of her hotel. Nay, she frequently added a sound locturo to hor refusal,' and Miss Dob., as the miners called her, was listened to with as much respect as.tlie local preacher, who, -hy-the-bye, was also a, minor, and by no moans a teetotaller. Patty Lane had many admirers, and not. a few suitors ; hut her. aunt generally discouraged any thing like serious attention, and Patty herself dispensed her. smilos and glances almost as im partially as sho did her aunt's whisky,- ale, &c.; One Saturday night, about.the last of Decem ber, after a warm and fatiguing day, Miss. De borah seated horself in her own particular seat, a large well-cushioned elbow chair, and kidding Patty close and fasten the front door, but to leavo overything else open for. the sake of the cool breeze that had arisen, sinco tho sun had set, drew, her footstool towards her, and, resting her olbows on "her knees, became apparently lost in meditation. Meanwhilo Patty bustled round, and having set all the windows and doors open .except tho front (which . she locked and bolted), she too sat down with a sigh of reliof at the termination, of hcr labors for the week. "I declare, I'm quite glad it's Saturday higbt, aunt," said she, taking np a newspaper and con verting it into a fan. This hss been such an awfully tiring day. I've been almost run ofif ray feet." "So you have, child, , and yoii'ro glad to sit down, no doubt," said her aunt. "I'm: not sorry to-morrow's Sunday myself. Hem Patty." Patty had gone off into a half rovorie herself, and sho looked up with a startled "Woll, aunt." . Miss Doborah coughod again, and oyed' her niece bo intently for a few seconds that thc: poor girl bocamo qnito confused, ' ' "What is it, aunt?" she said at Ichgtb, finding the old lady did not immediately speak. "Wasn't David Macdonald and Jonathan Troloare here this afternoon?" questioned Miss Deborah, rather drily. "Of course they word, annt.' You saw them, didn't you ?" answorcd Patty with an unmistak- ablo blush. "Thoy came while you were milk ing tho cow, bnt'I—I thought they went quV. the back wn!v on purpose' to speak ;to you beforo .tiicy ' wcnt hombl" : ' ' ' ' . . "..Well, child, so they did. .Hem ! thcy'ro very- nice! young follows, Patty, both of tliom," said Miss Deborah, fixing hor groy oyes on her niece's pretty face in another scrutinising stare. "Yes, annt, I beliovo tbcyaro,"stammcrcdPaUy. "Believb l why bless mo, girl, don't you foioio thoy are," testily inquired her aunt, " and haven't yort known it forthis long time ? Come, Patty, -I've really, no patienco with you. .I'm- certain onoor the. Other of them has spokon se riously to you' to-day, for ' thoy, as good as told mo so, but they're so terribly bashfal, or awkward, oreomothing. that I conld'ntmako otft which." "I dare say not, "answcrcdPatty. "I— I never saw such a pair of blunderheaded simpletons in my life, aunt, Thoy : both asked mo to marry them, and 'in snch a way too," and Patty burst, into n laugh that sonnded somewhat hysteri cal. - "Both of them? Nonsense/Patty."" "But' thoy did, aunt Deborah," persisted Patty, "listen, and Til .tell yon how it was. Theycamoin' together, about four o'clock, and went into the littloroom hohiml the bar there; " and Patty indicated a small apartment opposite to the one in which thoy wore seated, and which waa in fact the kitchen, whilo 'tho room aforesaid was termed the parlor, "and when I had a few minutes leisure they called mo in, and told mo thoy had something very particular to say to mo. Well, annt, of course I thought thoy were going to buy a new suit of clothes or something of that sort, for you know thoy hardly over get them selves a now hat withont asking either yon or mo what sort they "ought to got, and whether a black or a brown ono would suit them best. You must have noticed that, annt?" " Of course, I have, child. ' Well 1" "Well," continued Patty, "when I went in with Jonathan's ale and David's whisky (I know! ' they would want that at any rate) and told them I ww ready te keai what they had to say. they— Idoelaro, aunt," added Patty, with another' hysterical burst 'of laughter— thoy began, both"! of thorn, to talk and to act as if they bad Bnll-ij denly gono silly,' or off .their eh'nmp,.' as . Jo'nalliKn .1 would say. They stuttcrcil arid' blushed, 'and ; nudged eacli other until I lost patienco and gave them a good scolding, for I ro. ally 'thought' thoy must havo;hnil something i;6 drink -before :thcy ; came hero ; , hut no, it was'nt' tliat,' end thoy : Wcre'so dreadfully put out, that I should charge them with sdeh a thing, that David managed to blurt out in his funny Scotch fashion— ' " 'Ye'ro just mistaken, lass j wo'vo no had a; drap o'enything yetj and if yo see aught wrang. wi' mo or Johiihy, it's yoh're the eansb o't, and haothing olso.' We're thihkingh'' getting' wed, Patty; and' as you aro tho' best an'd'flio ' prottio'st ; gtrl ivo'Vo over soon, why, Wh''iV'e'vo coirio to , ask you whether you think either. O' tis willstiit, ' 'aud if so which ano, ino or 'Jehnnj',' ""Tee, that's it, Patty,' sny.s Mr." 'Jonathan, Davie means that we've got most uncommon fond of '00, do 'co see, and ns don't mean for to go and ' squabble ntt'd qnarlo ainl' niaybo fall- out and; fight about 'eo, when a! wOrd from you will'sottlo it all comfortablo and pleasant like, so wo 'gvcod for to ask''eo both together, and if so to as you I likes Davie best I gives in, hilt if it's ihc, why : then ho gives in to mo. Arn't' it so Davie?'; 'Precisely lad,' 'says David, and ''then tlio 'two; noodles looked; at. mo as if they were. Waiting < for me to deeido, so though I felt ready to ; dio with laughing, I managed to 'keep it down and triod to look us solemn and serioub as thoy did, while I told them I couldn't give an answer tit once! and they'd hive' to wait a'fewdafe before I could let' them know' which I preferred. 1 '' Quito right; Patty!" «fd her aunt; "app.rov-. ; ingly. 'Well, and was that aU. thoy said about it then?" ' 1 ' .' . ' " Why yes, it was all they said to me, aant,:but I told them thoy 'ought . to go and speak to yon ; about it before thoy went' homo, and thoy said; they would, but first David took up his glass of : whisky, and nodding to Jonathan, ho says, ; 'Here's success to you, Johnny; she's a good lass, arid I'm sure she'll make a'- good wife and, clinking bis glass against Jonathan's, down went' the ' whisky, and then— upon my word, Aunt Deborah, I can't help laughing— ' Jonathan.cmptied his gloss, toe, saying 'Many! thanks, Davie, hore'a wishing yon" tho same. Sho'sa pretty maid, and a good iriaid, but if she ! was twice as pretty and "fifty times' as good sho wouldn't ho too good for 'eo, so hero's success to 1 you, Davie.' " ' ! "But bless me, Patty, you don't mean to tell ; mo thoy were in earnest;", said Miss I)cbo'rab, " Yes tliey were, aunt, and I'm sure I thought thoy had told yon. They said thoy would." /'.'Yes, andso thoy did, after, a fashion, bntl: was milking, and tho cow was rather troublesome, : so I couldn't pay much attention. All I under- ; stood was that ono or tlio other was anxious to : marry.- you, hiit of course I didn't dream it was . both. 0 yon must he mistaken Patty. Not ; that it matters much, though, for tboy'vo left: it to you to decide, seemingly, so all you' vo go to- do" is to mako up your own mind and let 'cm know which you'U choose." i " But that 's exactly what l'm not able to do, ! aunt. I like ono jnst as well as the other, I wish . you would adviao me." "J/c, child. What do I know" of such mattors ? ; I ncvor "cared for a man in my lifo except my brother Ben (your father, Patty), and lie. disap pointed me cruelly by getting married to a worth less, impudent hussy of a girl, who .drovo him to drink and disgraco, ruin and death. Ah, yes, child, your fathor was - a fiao lad once, and I mod to bo so proud of him, but your .mother— woll, well, you rcmcmbor /<«-, Patty, so l need say no more." ... " No, please don't, annt Deborah," said Patty, . with a little shadder.' "I hate to think about! tho drcadful timcs "just before tlioy dicd and yon ; took chiirgo of mo arid Bessio— , " There, let it drop," interrupted Misrf»I)o-; borab,. frowning ; " arid now. jnst trill mo (for. it's j nonsense to say you can't), which of tboso young . men you prefor ?" . .. "Brit, indeed, I can't tell you, nnnt." " Now Patty, don't bo ridiculous. You don't care for'them brithi in the sarno why!" " Yes I do, and I am dreadfully afraid if I said yes to David's question, 'I Bhouldri't say! No to; Jonathan's. ' 'Aunt, I wish ybn'w'ould decidafor mo," earnestly entreated tho porploiod Patty.. "Iphall, do. nothing'.of the sort," somewhat! sharply returried the old lady, " you iriust cho'oso j for yoursolf; Patty ; all I cari say'i's that I havo ' no objection to cither, and that I insist; do you ! hear, Patty," that you givo thorn' "'a satisfectorjr answer."-' ' " ' . . " . " . " ' ' " Idon't.seo how I'm to. do that, unless I pro- ' rniso to marry thrim !hoth;" "cried Patt!y!" griaded to desperation, "" and' I, supposo yriri wouldn't, conaont to that, oven if thoy did, Aunt De borah." . , ... „". " Oct away io bed this instant, miss," screamed - the scandalised Miss Deboriib. "Manry.thom. both ! How dare you hint at.such a' thing.?" then slightly relenting, sho added! " You cariigeti your supporfiiBt, of course." '....!. "I don't want any supper,", answered I'atty, . rather sulkily,' and taking rip her . candto- slip marched off . to her own little bedroom pt the hack of the houao, without ovon wishing her,in-: consod relativo good nigbt. Cnamn. II. Miss Doborah sat down to her own supper with rather a poor appetite, although sho was particu larly fond of encumber and cold bocf ; and after a fow mouthfuls sho angrily pushed away her plate; and with the exclamation 0! " Bother tho girl," settled borsolf back iri her chair to havo' what she called a good think. Miss Deborah's thoughts took her hack to tho past, and thoy were notaltogother pleasant ones. Thirty yoars be fore (she was hut SO thon), she had emigrated - to Australia, with her only brother, who -was 10 years younger than hersolf," and' over whom sho had oxorcisod almost a mother's caro, from tho tim'o of'tho death of their ;own, which liappoaod when Ben, as sho calloil him, wos haroly 5 years old," Tholr father had; 'died soma months previously, and tho two wore loft : alono in tho world, arid might; havo done ' 'well hat far Deborah's intense desire to mako a gentleman of brother Bon. Instead of n gentlcmnD, poor Ben turned out a loafer, and ' I" after various youthful ' frillies' ' arid escapades, by which Doboralr was rendered desperate, he friririd himsolf .in company with his sister, on his'1 way , to' Mrilboitrnoi wliieb' thoy '. rriricheU in duo course, ' shortly after tlio gold discovo'riyin "Victoria. ' : " - ' V B011 instantly started' off frir the aigjhijsri, arid Deborah!' after waiting 'in' Vairi' for' news of '''her still dearly loved hro.thoiv' set riff in 'acaircli ' <jf hfiri. " Wearily sli'ri 1 made' her way'' from1' orio mining 'district to' nnoth'or withorit firidirijj traces o't tho iriissing one, until sho carao to thc'Abed- uego township, whoro sho' purposed to make a short stay with tho view of iriaking inqriirios aftor'Beni.' Sho 'bbtainod;''lodgings; at a ilri'ceht littlo piiblichouso, and aftrir engnginV'a roohi'frir a 'wook, Blio 'strolled out to pick up a littlri in. for matiori resprio'tiiig : tho ' .minors. Or ' : strangers frequoritiu th'o rioighhorhood. It wasgrbwing dusk' iW'.itSh skuntbredj tip ' tlio'. one ' dirty looking sireo' 'Mtlt' i'sdeneglln hotises,' groups of idlers and ragged barking ours; iarid' just as shri afrived iri front of alow grog shanty hrirpr'ogress'was im- Prided by'a'eroud of rough follows; who' had arisombled ' round three or four' tilggor min strels, whoso songs and antics provbked'shonts (if laujjhiorand ariplariso from thciifriudicncc. ' Thi ' bones arid tambourine'1 woro: the chief at- 'tractions', and ovon Miss Deborah appoarcd to bo absolutely fascinated by tbo performance Of tho latter, as he hanged his instrument on his knee, his head, his elbow, or twirled it dexterously on tho point 'of his too. A Bhowcr of silvor and ovon gold rewarded the Ethiopians at the con clusion of their exertions to pioaso'; fmd as thri bastariots and tambourine rattled out ' their last and'maddost notes, th'e'riarty hrokri' up and Separated.' Miss Deborah' hesitated' an ' instarif, and then strodo aftrir ,'tho ' adtivri'"Tambb, who was 'marching' oil . by '.'himself, alter appropriating the lion's; share of' tho 'bounty of " the oponhandrid diggers. " Whistling softly to himself, rind ratttirig' tliri coin' in- his pockets, ho did not notice tliri taU'griurit form in his wake until a hand "'was ' laid on -his arm, and a choked voice ' whispered; "''0, 'Beii, Ben, can this ho you and the next moment db'o was .crying heartily over her "recovered "pro digal. ; . " '> " What, ! Why! old girl, ; who'd over havo thought of seeing you hero. Oamo.to look after mc, eh?" said ho, in. answer to her1 sobbing explanations. "Well, and I'm right glad you're found mo, Dob', (ho really meant' it too), 'I'm uncommonly pleased to soo you, Sis';" : ' " Oh, Bon, such an awful come down for you, iny poor boy," wailed Deborah; "To havo.to koop such droadfut low eompanj', 'Oh ! oh:!" " ' "Low company! Eubbisb, Dehby. Why.tha fellow that plays the banjri was brought up for a clergymen,; arid bones .,nnd. tho fiddler wore intended for lawyers." Only, they couldn't ' firid , anything to do in that lino, and so, like' myself, being unlucky at the diggings, we've turned Christy Minstrels, and it doesn't pay so badly either, "added Bon, slapping bis pockets. " Clergyman, lawyers," repeated Mias'Doborak in a tone of shocked disbeliaf! "Oh, Ben, 'how can you?" Ben, however, persisted in his state ment, and finally succccdod in convincing his sceptical sister that ho was on . tho high read to fortnrio as well as respectability. Sho ascertained that his companions in harmony really were what he had represented them to bo ; that 'Ben himself wari looked upon as ait unfortnnato gentleman who! ' having run' through his means, was not ashairied to' rise his 'accoiri- plishmcnts for a livrilihood ; aridtaUimatcly Misk Doborah began to think Ben really had sriwit his wild oats, and would torn out a real credit to her at last. Vain hope. Wild delusion, as poor Deborah fonudcro many months had passed." Beit's occu pation of ton took him many miles distant,' anil he was sometimes absent for a wcrik or 'two'.'ok what ho called his professional' tours.; '.' Tri- borah'still retained her littlri room At tho" qntet hotel, but. she hoped, Af Ben was agrrioable, soon to have a more suitablo home,' wbori' orio day sho was startled and horrifiod by an unexpected and unwelcome visitor in tbo sbapo of a handsome, brazon-f acrid, balf-drunkon young woman, who walked unsteadily into'hcr 'prcsoncoy and tin- noiiriced' herself ariMrs/Benjabiiriliririri; coto'rito iriquirri after hcr'himbaridi'wbo'had'/m'atriritt" Kcr six weeks ago;' and had " took kisself ".riff," so':"tho lady iridigriaritly'avriiTcd, ' whilo'tho horioym'oon "was "in its' first 'qriart'e'r ;'"iri" other words," hri 'bad desortcd his bride withln'a Mrricfe of tho wedding." Tho aiggrioved'wifri'was I11 tho midst of h'rir complaints and explanations wben the cnlpfit himself suddonlyllppcartd on tho sccrio. htiving just returned from one of bis tours, arid Mrs. Brin'made a' furious 'onslaugHt on hini. 'Ben fiercely defcridcd bimsrilf, arid a scone ciliracd, suiib as the miserable Deborab h.-ur never yet witnessed. Half frantic' with "terror; shri 'flung herself -botwerin tho combatants, and met with the usual roward of rash iuterferenco iti matri monial strife. - Mrs. Ben tore brir hair arid-clawed her face, while the enraged husband stroek 'bcr to the ground with a violent 1 blow 1 from ; bis tnm- bonrino (which was, howover, intonded'for'hfa wife), ' which rendered 'her 'irisorisible' for' tt time ; "and shri never again set eyes oh tbe ill- driirig Beu, or his (equally ill-doing wife. When sbo'regalncd Her senses, the landlady of thoTidtcl wds bathing her face and'speakirig words'of pity arid 'corisola- tion.curioualymixed upwith bitter denuriciations on the persons who had -brought her' to her pitiablo plight. -' ' ' "There, there, poor dear; you're 'hotter how, and my husband have turned them two dew charaotors right smack onto': doors;- Shocking black eye you've got to be euro?- Oh, tho'wretches,! I should like to see 'ou both "well horsewhipped," that I should. Your brother, is ho? .-Well so much tho worse for you. Anybody- caff: see ' you are a decent -person, but him, why bo's a' down right bruto, that's what ho 13 ; but he'll find his match if bo's really married toDancingSol, -as they call her. Know her, ma'am? Yes; of courso I knew her. She's been barmaidanddancinggtrlatthcgrrig shanties round about for the last- twelvo months, and sho's well boknown' to most 'rivarybody as 'a low, drunken creature, with nought bat hor good looks and light hri'elk to rriconimcnd lirir, Havo riothing to do with cither of 'orii," imprcssivoly concluded thri landlady; " You can do thcm'ttO tooilj-and thoy can- do yon. a heap of h»rm, eo let 'cm slide,". Tho horrified and dis- jjosted -DcTiorab ' acted : on; the advico. of tho' Tt'ind-heartod woman, ' with whom sho itmainod for some years in tho capacity of tuiiBekecpor anil companion, whon tho (loath of thor landlord caused tho "break-up of tho busi ness! dDohorah still, howorcr, retained her posi tion as companion to tho widow, and tho two resided together nntil death again -stopped in, vnfi Deborah was dopritcd of her only friend, "Sho was left in an independent position so far as money was concornod, for her friend or mistress bd' niade a will leaving a considerable Bum to Deborah, and a small tract of land in tho vicinity of iho John Crow diggings. A small log hut had been orccted there some years ago by Deborali'a termor employers,- and to this poor residence the lonely' -woman betook hersolf, whore, with u cow, - a dog, a cat and oomo poultry, tho -led' a quiot and not altogether an un profitable- 'lifo. Hor neighbors woro few ahd comparatively respootahlo well-to-do pooplb, until the rush to Daly's Creek (as tho John Crow diggings wcro tbon termed) brought chances and changes, strangers and pilgrims ; and Miss De borah, partly gnidod by tho advice of hor neigh bors, anil -mora by hor own shrewdness, puliod down tho little hut and set up 4 Tho Traveller's Best.' She had heard nothing of Bon or Dancing Sal for 60m0 yeare, and no ono connected hersnddon alisonco for a wook with a paragraph Id" one of the Molbourno newspapers worded tlili'a "Two pretty and interesting littlo girls wero brought up yesterday at the Oity Polico Court, charged with being neglected children. It ap peared that their mother had been a dancer at ono 'of tho minor theatres, and had been given to bents of intoxication, during one of which slio had met with a heavy fall while 'attempting to go through lior performance. Sho waa" injured so sovcroly that sho died tho noxt day, and hor husband (who was also addicted to drink, and was omployod at a music hall) had been missing from bis homo from the day of his unfortuuato wifo's death until a fortnight aftorwards, when bis dead body was discovered floating in tho river. The poor littlo chit, dron, who wero thns rondorcd orphanod and hoiholcssj gavo tho names of Bessie and Patty tune, but it is ' not known whether tho namo .of their miserable parents was really Lano, as thoy wovo known merely as Miss Sally Dightt'odt -mid Mr. -Benjamin. Tho girls wore remanded fora week; pending inquiries." \- Miss Deborah hastened to Melbourne, tnado A few inquiries herself, sought an intcrriow svith the magistrates who had remanded the case, and succeeded. in convincing thorn tiiat tho two interesting littlo waifs woro really her own nieces, and according to their (the magistrates') instructions, duly alleu-lcd tho police court, and claimed them as snob. No opposition was made, and tho children themselves . most gladly accom panied their somewhat stem and grim new found aunt tohcr home in tho bush, as titty considered it. l'or a time all went well. Miss Doborah might lie somewhat cold anil bard, but she was seldom unkind in her behavior totlio bright, lirown-oyed, black-haired girl, who rcinindod her so strongly other erring brother, and in hor own fnsliion sho loved them both dearly. Tho older ono, 'Bessio, was perhaps hor favorite, on account of the more striking' likeness, (cithar fancied or real) sho horo to the wayward Den. lint this resemblance cansed her annt a great deal of uneasiness ; and as the pretty child grew lip sho' developed something of her father's dis- .position as well. Tatty was shy. and quiet, shrinking from observation when sho could, and seldom provoking Miss Deborah's wrath by a saucy speoch or port answer - when sl:e deoiucd it nooeasary to administer a rebuke. Bessio was altogether different. Two years oliler than hor sister, smart, clever and some what too conscious' of her own good looks, Miss Deborah frequently felt hound to excrciso her authority over her in a manner that Bessio bitterly resented, and as tho girl grew towards womanhood, her wilfulness and self asser tion. became even mora marked. Sho would wear smarter hats than Tatty, in spito '..of Miss Dohorah's. 'anger,, and sho would persist in dressing. mare liko the flighty girls of \- Melbourne, : as hor aunt indignantly declared, ' than a respectable young woman in tho country, to which Bessio retorted that sho wasn't going to wear ugty hate if Patty did, and as to dressing likctbaMelbouriio girls, why she icas ono, hat when . Bessio wasuboutsixtecn, matters came toa climax, Her aunt dotected hor in the act of decorating hor- already over-trimmed hat with a gaudy scarlot feather, and, snatching both Hat and feather from their owner, she consigned thorn to the flames. .Not only that, sho, for tho first timo, followed up her angry romonstranco by ' a blow, and tho aggrieved Bessio received a smart box on tho ear, .when she endeavored, amid a storm of passionato sobs, to rescuohor treasures. This was too much, and abandoning them to their fate, the girl, now half beside herself with rago and mortified pride at the last indignity, flew from her aunt's prcBonee, and locked , herself np in her bodroom, refusing ad mittance eron to poor Patty, who wopt and entreated in vain, Tho angry and injured Bessie returned no answer to her Bister's earnest appeal to be lot id, neither did she condescend to take \- the. smallest notico of Miss Dohorah's stern commands to unfasten tho door, and finally thoy desisted,., "let her be, child, she'll have got over her tantrums in the morning," said Miss Eeborah, and hoping such might bo tho case, Patty retired with her aunt to the lattcr's bed- lfoom; In the morning Bessie was gone, and loud woro i thejamentations of Patty, and dire the misgivings Of her aunt, A few days passod in fruitless in- an® thou tho approhensions of Miss 'Deborah were allayed and her indignation roused 'by a letter from tho runaway. It was dated from Melbourne, and told that sho had reached that city in Bafoty, that she had found cmploy- fflentand intended to maintain herself respec tably— annt Deborah need havo no fear about that. That she tent her fore to Patty, and hor /d'rpiiicnest to her annt, and sho hoped sho should "eo Ihom again bouio day. Poor 'affectionate ' littlo Patty cried over tho lotlor. But lilies Deborah scolded vohemontiy JOr an hour at loaBt, and she not only forbado Patty to 'answer it, but desired her never lo men- tion tho nanie of her wioked wilful sister, until sho camo to hor senses, and humbled herself Boflioiently to como home, when Miss Dobofah would forgivo her. But noarly four years had passed sineo Boesio's flight, and it appeared that sho had not yet come to her senses, at all events Blie had not come home, and Patty never received any more lottors, eo that she tmmotinies feared Bessio was dead. Mies Deborah might havo shared her forebodings, but, if so, she novcr gavo vent to them, and tho missing girls namo was seldom mentioned, ovon by Patty, unless inadvertently. Chapter III. Mies Deborah's rovcrio had lasted fully an hour, when a slight noiso staTtled her partially out of it, and without raising her eyes,- sho mado a petulant movement with her foot- exclaiming, 41 Hish I get out cat." ... 44 It i8n4t tho cat, aunt," said a voice, and looking up Miss Doborah, saw, as she supposed, Patty standing hoforo her, dressed as if for a journey, and with a carpet bag in her band. "Patty,"4 cried she, rising in consternation, 44 Why, what on earth does this moan ? Are you going to run away too 5" 44 It isn't Patty,4' said tho voico again, rathor faltcringly. 41 Oh, aunt, aunt, dont't you know mo? It's wilful Bessie, as you used to call me. I've como homo again, for there's no placo liko it; and oh dear Aunt Debby, there's nobody liko you. You'll take me back, I know you will," and, dropping her carpet bag, the sobbing anil repentant Bessie sprang towards Iho bewildered old lady and impetuously flung lier arms round hor neck. 44 Oh, Aunt Doborah, I'm so sorry," sho whispered. 44 Yon will forgive mo, won't you ?" and a shower of tears and kisses fell on the face and lips of tho utterly astoundod Miss Deborah, who rccoivod thorn fora few lhomcnts in passive .silence, and then suddenly realising the situation sho seated herself, bolt upright in her chair, and rogarded the weeping Bessio with her hardest and grimmest look. " Why, what's tho meaning of this?" sho de manded, sarcastically. " I thought I was to bo forgiven, not you ? You've mado a mistake, Bessio." " Oil yes, aunt, a sad and a terrible mistake," said tho girl, humbly. 14 1 mado a great mistake in letting my wicked temper get, tho bettor of mo, making mo forget all your kindness to an un- , grateful girl, who — who—" 4 4 Then you own you really wero ungrateful, BeBsio ?" said Miss Deborah, her tono softening. 44 Oh, aunt, don't I say so ?" sobbed Bessio. " It was all owing to my tamper, but indeed I am altered now Aunt Debornb." 14 Woll I hope you aro, child, and in that caso I'm not sorry you've come to your senses, and in fact, I'm very glad— that is," and tho old lady's voice sounded stern and hard na sho added, 44 if yon havon't done unythiug to disgraco yourself or mo. If yon havo " 44 But I havo not, Aunt Doborah!" broke in Bessie, with ail her old impetuosity. " If I had I should havo known hotter than to como back to you. I'd havo jumped into tho river first, as— ns many a poor unfortunato disgraced girl has dono before now," and Bessie burst into a flood of hys terical tears and long drawn gasping sobs. Miss Deborah molted at once. 44 flush, Bessio, there, poor child, don't cry so," said sho, drawing the girl to her bosom and holding her there. " I —I bolievo yon, dear, but pray do'nt speak of such awful tilings, Bessie. Even if you had been— unfortuuato you ncod'nt bavo feared to como back to me. I've been to blame as woll as you, child, and I've often wished I had'nt been so harsh with yon." "Oh, I desorvod it all, aunt. I was a con ceited, impertinent, vain littlo fool in those days, lint I lmpo I'm different now. What's that?" and Bessie paused to listen. '.That' was a pattering of bare feet along tho paEsago, and tho next instant Patty bouncod in upon them in her night dress, laughing and cry ing hysterically. "I knew I couldn't bo dreaming, because I haven't boen to sleep," cried Ehe, throwing hcr- . self in Bessie's arms in a state of almost frantic rapture. 44 Oh, Bess, dear, dear, Bess, you liavo copae. back at last. Ob, I4m so glad, 44 and the delighted Patty almost smothered her with caresses. ' 44 But whore havo you been, Bessie, and what havo you been doing all theso years ?" inquired Patty, whon sho had calmed down somewhat. .. "I'll tell you evorjjthing to-morrow, Patty, but I am so tired, I should liko to go to bod at once, if annt don't mind, I only left Mclbourno this morning and the last part of my journey was awfully rough. I camo by coach from Malmsby, and I declare I was nearly shaken to piccos, it joltod so over tho nasty roads.", " You camo from Molbourno thiB morning ?" criod Miss Debornb. 14 No wonder you're tired, child ; you're hungry too no doubt. Patty, got along and dress yourself, while I mako up a fire. There's oomo cold ham, and with a cup tea — — " ' "Thank you, aunt, but I couldn't tako any thing— notevon a cup of tea— just now. I'mnot at all hungry, indsod," protested Bessio. "Tbon you must ho ill," said her aunt, looking rather anxiously at tho weary and somewhat palo and sad countouanco of tho onco bright and rognoiBh Bessie. "Ok no, not ill, aunt, only very tired. „ I couldn't alcop at all lost night yon see." 44 Woll then goto bed, and Tatty, mind you don't keep hor awako with your chattering. To morrow's Sunday, and you'll havo plenty of timo for talking then," Chapter IV. Tho Traveller's Best kopt its hospitable door strictly closed on Sundays, so far as its public businoss was concorned, and Miss Deborah only admitted ono or two of lier special favorites by herprivato door, and theso were rogardod and treated in the light of gnosts or visitors, and- woro novo? allowed to pay for their rofreshmonts on that particular day. No, tho old spiiiBter had her peculiar notions, and sho .was keopikg Sun- day as a day of rest so far as it lay in hor power. Hor enstomora knew this well, and she was conaoquontly loft undisturbed in a general way, Tho day following Bessie's rotum provod to he what Miss Deborah tcrmod a regular scorcher ; no wind, and therefore no dust, hut the "weather was' lie t and sultry to n dogreoi In spito of Miss Dohorah's prohibition, tlio girls hail Jain awako chattering for somo timo after thoy had retired, and in consequence neither of them woko so early as their annt, who rose ho- timos, anil, without disturbing them, set about preparing breakfast. Presently they entcrod tho kitchen together, and Miss Deborah fairly started with amusement as her eyes fell on thorn. " Why, which is which I" exclaimed sho. "You've got a dress of Patty's on. Why, bless my heart, childron, I Bhall never know you apart unless you dress different. You might pass for twins." "So wo thought, aunt, and that's why I Bessie to wear on6 of my dresses. I thought wo should puzzle you I" said Patty, laughing, 44 Oh, you aroPatty, aro you ? Well, pourouttho coffee then ; it's just ready, and do you sit down, Boss, dear, and tako some breakfast. You can eat something this morning, I hopo '!" 41 Oh yes, aunt, thank you, I fool quite hun gry," answered Bessy, smiling ; and Patty, having poured out tho coffeo, thoy all thrco did ampio justice to tho meal, Miss Doborah glancing con tinually during its progress from ono nieco to tho other, with an air of satisfaction not unmixed with bewildormont at their striking resomblanco to each other. "So wonderfully alike, and bothso like thoir poor father," said sho for tho twentieth time as tho girls busiod thomsaivo3 in clearing away tho breakfast things. Bcssio's doincanor was quiet and subduod to a degroo, aud hor manner towards hor aunt was almost tonchingly humhlo at times. The sbarp- eyod old lady noticed, too, that when no ono was speaking to he. her eyes would grow dim with tears, and a sigh would escape hor, tolling plainly of inward sorrow or trouble of sorao sort. In tho aftornoon Miss Doborah took' her UBUal Beat in the big chair, and doBirod -Bessio to give her some littlo information as to how she had been employed during her absence from home. Bessio at onco complied, and, prefacing her narrative with a hopo' that hor aunt wouldn't think worse of hor than sho deserved, sho forth with began "I wont straight away to Melbourne, of course, and was fortunate enough to gottmp'oymcnt nt ono of the host and biggest factori the very next day. I managed to get into vijry respectable lodgings, too, with a rotirod policeman and his wife. They bad no children, and wero glad to let mo havo thoir sparo room. Darrcll, thoir namo was, and thoy wero a nice quio t elderly couplo, who thought aBoal mora of mo than I deserved, becauso they had a notion I was like tho ono daughter they had and lost whon sho was about my ago, Mrs, Darrcll mado mo very comfortable, but sho would sometimes annoy mc by giving ad- vice that I didn't think I needed, and so did her husband ; and I know I ofton answered them very impertinently, instead of thanking tbem, and acting on it. Oh, I behaved most ungrate fully towards thorn, bnt I'vo beon sorry for it since. I would go to theatres and dancing rooms, and thoy wcro alwnys warning mo against such places, but I wouldn't bo warned. I told them that it was no businoss of tboirs, and that I was quito able to tako care of myself. Then I made friends with ono or two girls at the factory that they didn't approvo of. They wero too dressy and flighty to do mo any good, Mrs. Darrcll said, and sho wished I'd break off tho acquaintance of ono in particular ; Susan Miller hor namo was. I think I went out with her all the moro because tho Darrolls woro so sot against her. I liked Susan, and wo were firm friends for a long timo, but a fow months ago we quarrelled on account of ono of the foremen of the factory. He— ho had been paying Susan a great deal of attention for moro than a year, and everybody thought ho meant to marry hor, but ono night ho mot us both at tho theatre, and walked homo with ub (Susan lodged near mo), and aftor that ho sconied to treat her very coolly somehow, and to bo rather particular in his notico of me. Then it was that Susaii foil out with me. Slie said (but it was falso, Aunt Doborah) .that I had purposely schemed to got him away from her, and then— then my own wicked tcmpor got up, and just to vexjher (not because I cared in the least for the man) I en- cooragcd himmoro than I ought, especially asl dis liked him rathor than not. This went on for a fow weeks, and then Susan was missed from her lodgings as well as from her employments tho fac tory, but I only thought she had taken offenco at Mr. Bennot'a behavior to her, and bad gone, as she ofton'sald she would, to oue of tho other colonies. Slio had como from Sydney, and I thought sho mi'ht havo gone back again. Nourly a week after sho was niissod I was walking along tho banks of tho river with another girl, and we saw a little crowd of people collected round a couplo of policemon, who hadjust drawn smoothing out of tho water. Wopushodin among thom to soo what it was, and, oh, annt, I thought I should havo died myself whon I Eaw tho dead body of poor Susan. I know her directly, though she was so awfally changed, and I told the girl I, was with who it was, and then I fainted right away .with tho fright," sobbed Bessie, breaking down com pletely, as sho arrived at this, tho culminating point of hor story. "Poor thing," murmurcdMiss Deborah, wiping her own eyes. 44 It was shocking; but her miser- ablo death was not cansed by you, Bessio." " I hopo not, aunt ; bnt I've an awful feeling of guilt about it, aud I coulilii't stay in Melbourno afterwhathad hnpportodj'aud though both Mr. and Mrs. Darrcll wcro vory sorry to part with mo, thoy didn't try to persuade mo to stay when they saw how I felt about it, and, indeed, thoy thought tho best thing I could do was to oomo hack to you. I had told them how good you always wcro to mo, and how ungrateful I had been in running away from you, so I packed a few things in a carpot bag, and camo away by tho very first train in tho morning. Mrs. Darroll will send my boxes next week if I write far thom ; and now, aunt, I've told you everything oxccpt that I novor moan to loavo you again unless you sand me away. Patty tolls me she has had two good offors, and Bho moans to accept ouo of them, though sho hasn't mado up her mind which yet. When sho hoe, she'll get married, of courso, and then you'll be glad to keep mo with you, Aunt Debby," "But, oh, AuntDoborab, oli, Bessie, I'vo thought of such a splendid plan," hurst in I'ntty, excitedly. " Just listen to mo, both of you, aud I'll tell you wlmt it is. We aro so much alike, Bossio and I, that oven you couldn't toll which waB which, so I'm suro strangers couldn't, now could they, aunt?" "Indeed, I don't beliovo they could, Patty; but I don't exactly seo what you'ro driving nt." 44 Well," continued Patty, " this is what I'm thinking of then : Neither David nor Jonathan havo ever ovon hoard of Dcssie. Thoy didn't como hero till -moro than a year aftor alio left homo, and they havo no idea that I havo a aistor, I'm-cortain — especially ono so very liko inysolf. Aunt, couldn't it bo managed so that she could marry ono of them and I the other?" "Don't be ridiculous, Patty," said Miss Debo rah. ... "And don't talk to me about getting married, Patty," oxclaimcd Bessio, Bbarply. "I detest mon. Thoy'ro all aliko. A vilo Bet of deceivers, who " " 0 1 no, Bess, indeed thoy are not I" cried Patty, very earnestly. "David and Johnny aro very different to that. Only wait till you know them ns wo do, and I'm suro you'll find that thoy aro anything but doccitful. Thoy are both fine young fellows, industrious, honest, and opon as tho day." 41 Good-looking?" asked Bessie, half laughing. "Yes, and good-tempered, and well-to-do," said Patty, "Aunt is quito fond of them, ain't you, aunt ? and I'm quito suro sho would liko to havo them both for hor nephews, or, I should say, sons, for thoy think quite as much of her as if sho was really tlioir mother ; thoy really do, Bessie, and it's my belief it's hceauso thoy havo such a very high opinion of Annt Deborah that mado them first tako a notion of — of marrying her nieco." Miss Deborah smiled quito amiably, and, to tho astonishment of Bessie, sho actually appeared to favor Patty's very original idea. " I must say I should bo glad if thoy could both ho snitod," she said. 44 We havo known them now quite intimately for nearly two years, and thoy aro, as Patty truly says, a pair of fine honest young follows. It's a shame thoy. should bo dis appointed, either of them. I wonder if it could ho managed?" "Oh, yes, aunt, I'm. suro it could, if Bessio is willing. Yon know thoy arc never hero together, except Saturdays. David will bo suro to call on Tuesday and Johnny on Thursday, and on Satur day they'll both come. It will bo very easy for Bess to pass off for mo (no one has seen her yet), and sho iB certain to like ono or tho other— yon needn't laugh, Bessie, you've not seen them yet— and— and — I wish yon would mako her be quiot, Aunt Deborah," added P.. tty, somowhat crossly, ns hor sister fairly screamed with laughter. "Well, it's too bad of me, certainly, but I couldn't help it. There, I've done now, and if aunt sees no harm in it, I don't mind holping you, Patty. Mind, I dou't.say. I intend to marry cither of theso sweethearts of yours, but I don't mind mystifying them a little. Tell ino something about thom fir3t of all. Tbey'ro minors, of course, hut what sort of raon aro they? I think you said they, wero good- looking." "So, tlicy aro," said Patty, recovering hor good humor. "And they aro not only miners, but storekeepers as well. They keep tho only decent general store in tho township, and do as well out of that as thoy do out of gold-digging, though they don't do amiss at that cither." "Ah, and they aro quito steady characters. I suppose never get drunk or anything of that kind ?'' "Very seldom indeed, Bessio, and never, both at tha same timo. Sometimes, lo bo suro, David will venturo on an extra nobbier of whisky on a Saturday night, and then Jonathan is very care ful not to take more than hia regular glass ofale, so that ho is always ablo to look after his mate, and get him away homo all right." " And does Jonathan never tako too much 5" "Well, once or twice, whon it has been eery hot wenther, he has taken a iittlo moro than he's accustomed to," admitted Patty, " but not often, and then of course David takes care othim," " I soo," said Bessio, laughing. ' 4 They shephord oach other, you moan. Well, I think none the worso of thom bcoauso they aro not' quite per fection. Goodness knows, I'm far enough from that myself," sho added, with a serious and ovon grave expression, " and I'm afraid I am not good enough for either of them ; but go, on Patty, tell mo a littlo moro about them." 44 Well, thero isn't much mora to toll that I know of. I think yon'll havo to find out tho rest for yourself. You'll soo David first, and ho is the smartest man of tho two. I'vo hoard Jonathan say so, at loast, especially in the storo." " Yes ; but David says Jonathan is by far tho best miner," Btruck in Miss Deborah, " which gn't surprising, seeing that he comes from Cornwall, whoro there's nothing but mines, I beliovo, somo of them under tho bos oven. In thoir own way thoy'ro each equally smart, and I don't wonder Patty was bothered which to choose. I should really ho glad if yonr coming homo, Bessie, should holp her out of her difficulty." 44 Well, aunt, wo'll seo," Inughod Bessio;" when I'vo seen them both I shall know bettor how to act." CHAriER V. 14 Y'es David, I've talked it ovor with aunt, and she says I must tako timo to decide. Sho has no objoction to either yon or Jonathan, but sho tliinkc if yr>u got an answer in a month or so — that will he about Christmas-dtds, quito as soon as you ought to .tapeot," said Patty, when Mr. Macdonaid presonted himsolf on Tuesday oven ing, and made a dclicnto allusion to tho im portant question ho had put jointly with his friend ou tlio preceding Saturday. " Wee!, Patty, if she thinks so, why so it must be, and yo'll give your decision when Johnny and I ore hailA here thegither. I'm feared ano o' us will bo sairly disappointed, lassie, but wo'so bido by your choice, so yo ncedna fear to mako it," re marked David, as ho roso to depart. 44 Very well, David, yon shall get your answer at the time I said, and I hopo it will bo ono that will satisfy Johnny as well ns yourself. Docb ho really care as much for me as you do, David ?" questioned Patty. 44 Because, you know," alio added, "if I thought — I— I mean if ho didn't it would he much easier for mo to decide. I would chooso i/ou if I was sure Johnny would get over the disappointment sooner than you, hut If; on _______ i the contrary, he would fool it more than you, I should say yes to him, for indood David it iB Inn possiblo to say which I prefer mysolf." . "Eb, an4 I canna' assist yo there, Patty," laughed David. "I think Johnny loves ye al ir eel as myself, but no better, Patty, that I'm sure oY4 "But it's a very difficult position to bo in," sighed Patty. "Hoivovor, good night David. I do wish I could pieaso you both." "Aye," mused David, as ho thoughtfully trudged home, " it's a pity Johnny should havo set his heart on the Iassio too, especially as I'm maist certain sho likes mo a wee bit tho best if she would but say so. A wool, I kon we'll baith feol mair comfortable anco it's settlod. 1 wish I kenned which ano shc'U chooso." Meantime the three conspirators compared notC3. 4 What do you think of David, Bessio?" inquired Miss Deborah, as hor nioccs wero laughingly talking over their success so far. 44 Ho hadn't the loast idea you woren't Patty, Imd he?" " Ob, no, indeed, and ho seems ail that yon say. I liko him much, nnd if Jonathan is as pleasant and agrccablo as David, I'm not surprised you woro puzzled which to chooso, Patty," answortd Bessio. "Woll, ho is then; bat you'll see him on Thursday, and we'll treat him oxaotly the snmo as we havo David, You shall soo as much of him as possible, but I'll bo within hearing, so as to know all ho says to you, and I'm suro he'll bo just-.ns much deceived as David was. Oh,' auiit, how astonished thoy will bo when they find there's fieo Pattys." And the real Patty burst into a merry peal of laughter. "I only hope they won't bo disappointed of well as astonished," said Patty'B double, rathor apprehonsivcly. "Oh, they won't ho that ; and if thoy aro, it's no matter. If they're foolish enough to ba offended when we're trying all wo can to plcaso them, why— why aunt Deborah will pack them both off, that's all," said Patty, still laughing., "And so I will," 'said Miss Deborah, dqei- dediy. " After all, I'm studying thoir happintos quito as much as anybody olao's, and if tboy don't soo it in that light, why thoy may go further and fare worse. Good night children." Thursday evening came, aiul brought Jonathan- " with it ; and, strange to sir, he departed for home that night with a singular fueling of pity for David. 44 Patty do liko mo tho host, aw am sure," hi muttorcd to himself as he alrodo 'away i'rom thi gate of Miss Deborah's back gardon', whither Patty (as he supposed) had accompanied him. 4 ' Iss, am rcet sorry for Davie, hut it'3 me sho earei most about suro enough, poor Davie." And Jonathan whistled rathor dolefully as lie pursued his way homewards. Timo passed on without much to mark its flight, until nearly a month had elapsed since Bessie's return, but nono save Miss Deborah had over seen the sisters . to- gctiier, whose rescmblanco to oicb other ofton perplexed lior, ovon yet. Tho two aspirants foi Patty's hand paid their regular visits without for one moment suspecting tho double gamo that was being carriod on, hut which was now fast ap. preaching tho climax. " Well, so you've promised faithfully to lot thom know to-morrow, havo you, girls?" said Miss Deborah, as she sat on one sido of tho fireplaco, while her nieces occupied tho other. It bad boon n quiet day for business, although it was doring ChristmnB weok, and the girls had been able to spend a great deal of their time in arranging thoir plans for tbo morrow. Misi Deborah had purposely refrained from aua3tioaing thom until the evening, whon she hopod to hear exactly how matters stood. 44 You're quito made up your minds, both of you, eh ?' " Yes, aunt," -replied Patty. 44 That is,", she added, somowhat doubtfully, ' "Bessie Baid wo had, hut I don't know. I'm not quite sure which the prefers after all. Which ia it, Bess ?" and Patty spoko with a degree of irri- tation quito unusual in her. "Perhaps you'll tell Aunt Doborah, though you haven't told mo." " Yes I will indeed, Patty, as soon as ever I know which ono you yoursolf lovo best. You've known them much longer than I hare after all, and I think you must hare- a little mora liking for ono than the other, and I think I -know which." - _ . "It's moro 'than :I do, then, "- said Fatty, rather crossly, 44 ao perhaps you'll tell me." "Perhaps," laughingly answered Bessie. "Sup pose we reckon them .up (their faults and tlieli ' good points I mean), and find out if wo can wliioh has tho most to recommend them, I'll begin with David, He is net quite so good looking of Jonathan, or bo good tempered oither, but "Not so good looking or good tempered ssl Jonathan !"ochoed Patty, in genuine amszemonjt " Why, Boss, what can you 'moan. Ho is mhrii' tho best looking of the two, and his temper iff quite ns good I'm sure,'.' " Well, perhaps they're about equal thtre, bnt I really think Jonathan has tho most eonso, Patty," said Bessio. " You certainly can't deny that." 44 Can't I," promptlyresponded Patty ; 44 bnt I can though. Why Jonathan himsolf always say that David is twico as smart as he is." ' ' "Yes, I know; but David says oxactly the Bame thing of Jonathan," argued Bessie. "Well, hut that's beoauseho thinks aomnelf of Jonathan, and ho doesn't like to— to lot hin\ fool that he isn't quite ao clover aa he ought to ho, considering whos mato ho has beon eo long,'' insisted .Patty, growing angry in her defence o i David, 44 But he's a sort of a foreigner, yon seo, Patty. He's a Scotchman, while Jonathan ix English the samo as Aunt Dobby," continued Bessio ; but sho was horo interrupted by a perfect storm of wrath from the provoked and indignant Patty. "A foreigner, indeed !" quoth alio. "Woll, Bessio, whatover will you say noxt? A foreigner | David a sert of a foreigner t I wondornt you, Bessio, that I do, and I'm sure Jonathan's out landish Cornish talk sounds a groat, deal more Btrangoand fonign than David's pleasant Scotch manner of speaking." Bossio broke into a mischiovous laugh. 44 1 can answer the question you asked mo a while ago now, Patty," said shoj 44 It is plain enough yon care more for David than you do for Jonathan, aud I am well pleased that it is et, tot r 1— I profor, I almost think I love, simple, kind hearted Jonathan," - " Yon do I" cried Fatty, reddening and looking rather ooliah. " Why I thought— Tin suro I did, - Bess— that it was David you likod boBt, ahd l . was qnito ready to give him up to you, , although lately I have thought I was getting rather fond of him myself." ' ".lint Jonathan will suit mo much hotter thin David," said Bessie. "I like David. I shall like him vorymuchasahrothor,Patty(ahdIhopohe will not ohjoct to mo as a sister), but for a husband No. Ho wouldn't suit me at all, and I'm sura he'd bo hwfally ahocked at my goings on in Melbourno. IE he knew I'd beon in tho .habit of frequenting theatres and dancing 100ms and tho like, he would think far worse of mo than I really deserve, and when ho found I wasn't Patty, ho would caro no thing for mo, I'm sure. Jonathan is different, il am hot afraid to tell him everything, ovon about poor Basan, and all that. He i3 as tender-hearted as a woman; and though he may blame mo for my part in tho dreadful affair, I know he willbeliovo me when I tell him I never meant to wrong the poor girl. I shall toll him all to-morrow, and , if he is what I think him, ho will not bo too hard on me for a fault I have truly repented." '"You are right, Bessie," said MUb .Deborah, who had listened with great attention to the con versation between hor nieces. "Jonathan is far better suited to you than David. ' Y'ou have chosen wisely both for yourself and Patty. Oh, J am qnito satisfied everything will turn out right. You and Jonathan shall livo here with me, Bessie, and David and Patty will he able to carry on tho store comfortably together. You'll both havcgoodhusbands,and tho soonorovorything can bo arranged tho bettor, blind, girls, you're to bo married on the samo day, and' " : Then Patty Bprang up with a scream. " There Is somebody pooping in" cried sho, pointing to the ' Window.- Bessie and Miss Deborah instantly .looked in that direction, but it was growing dork, and.' thoy could see nothing hut some tall roso boshes swnyiug indolently botwoon tho window end tho low fence that divided the house from the road. ' " There's no one thore, Patty," said hor sistor. " You must havo boon mistaken," and she broke unto a laugh us she added, "I supposo you saw that big cluster of roses bobbing up and down, and thought it was something alive." "Of course that was it," quoth Jliss Deborah. How stupid you are, Tatty, scaring us all liko this with your nonsonsical fancies." ' '"It wasn't a fancy," indignantly declared Patty. I tell you I know there was somebody i there," and sho bouncod out of the room. 1 ' Back sho cams in two minutes, flushed and 'triumphant. "There !" cried she, flinging nn old straw hat on tho table, "that doesn't grow ' on rose trees, I suppose ? That's a man's hat, and 'the man that wore it was peeping in our window 'just now." " Oil, my goodness ! Oh, Patty ! Oh, Aunt De- 'borah !" exclaimed Bessie, who had takon up tho "hat and was examining it intently. "If this 'isn't Johnny's hat — tho vory ono ho wore when ho "was here last. I know it by tho ribbon, which "came off just as ho was going away, and I pinned . it on for him, whilo he waited at the gato," and 'Bessio colored a little as sho remembered a trifling 'incident at parting, when Jonathan had for tho 'first tirno ventured to kiss her, and that too with- 'out anything more than a faint remonstrance on 'her own part. '! "Is it?" said Patty, "then I'll tell you what 'it' is. Ho must havo been passing' along tho road , and had tho curiosity to look in at tho window as be came by. Ho could see us both, .of course, and 'bo's been properly scared too. Oh' it was him no 'doubt, for I saw something' flying 'down the road ,like a steam engine, and that was Jonathan, , I'll bo bound. W ell, bo's boon paid out for poeping, " ;'and Patty shook with laughter. " I wonder what "bd'll say to David. " , "So do I," said Bessie. "If ho did see us, .and tells him about it, it will partly prepare ,'them for what they will havo to hear to-morrow." "Yes," said Miss Deborah, "it will do that ' certainly, and I'm glad, in ono sense, that "Jonathan did peep in, for bo's sure to mention it lo David ; and as I intend to see thorn first to- ;morrow evening, I shall know whethor they sus- 'poct anything or not." A littlo Inter, that same evening, David was quietly smoking his pipo, at the shop door. Ho .bad put up tho shutters, and was only-waiting .Jonathan's arrival to close- tho premises for -tho .-bight. Ho (Jonathan) had boon absent the whole j&f-tbc; day, having.gano some miles up tho creok .prospecting (bo was : undeniably tho bolter miner lp£ tho two), and consequently David had been .somewhat closely confined to his duties behind couptcr of tlio. "Cockatoo Store," as their , place of business was named, i ' Eight o'clock," ijaid David, looking-at hjs watch. "Its m'aist iimo Johnny was hack. Ah, by this time to. j morrow, Patty will have cboscn ono or the other C us. Poor Johnny ! I wish " i-a :3ut David's wish was never expressed. As bo replaced his watch ho glanced down the road in jtko; direction in which ho oxpeeted. to boo- Jona than, and became aware of tho rapid approach o£ ihat personage, but in what a guise I A second pitld.moro intent look was needed before David jould bo certain that tho batless figure, leaping aahd bounding along tho quiet moonlit street, was fioally tbat of tho 'usually, staid- and oasy. going \- .Jonathan. It was him, however, and as David kealiacd that fact ho walked a few pooos towards lb?- ho noxt moment 'Jonatk&a.;'boro down npon him, and, as he afterwards described it, tfJ;'bo catchcd hold of Davie liko a whirlwind, -anil \- 6W0p' him right .through tho shop and into tho i.lfRchen fore ho had timo to say Jack Robinson 1" .That accomplished, tho oxhausted. Jonathan r.'jboppcd, panting and groaning, into a ohoir, and stated piteonsly at his alarmed and astonished .partner, who for somo iniautos questioned him in vain as to what had caused his unwonted ngi- ',ation. . .''-Oh, Davie, I'vo had a warning. Something's ... going to happen to mo," gaspod Jonathan, at last. to happou, Johnny. I should say it fjad happoned, by tho way ye camo floein' karnc. (What's scared ye, lad ?" asked David, kindly, ifrfjil'll toll 'eo ; but, Davio, do 'co mind, a year t cr -two "ago, "wo was talkin' 'bout ghostcs and ; spirits, and such liko things as you called jfctfflt light, Davie,'! " Second eight, "corrected David. ; '-'Oh, Imind it wool, and I mind too that you Iaughod at it, Johnny; although I told yo my grandfoythcr had thogift " " Iss, I know I didn't believe in it, Davio, then ; bat I do now, and I'll never laugh at such things no more, for .I've seen ono myself to-night." And Jonathan nodded solemnly. "Seen what ?" exclaimed tho perplexed David. "Why a second sight, to bo sure. Youbco, I'd been as far as the bond of tho creok, Davie, and as tho ground looked well I'vo bespoko a fow shares in the company that's formed, as wo 'greed "pon." " Yes, yes, Johnny, that's all right, but never mind that just noo. Get on, lad, with tho socond Bight pairt o' your story, for that's maist interest ing to me till I ken what yo saw. Was 't a coffin, Johnny, or aghaist, and wbaur did yo see it?" questioned David, impatiently. " 'Twasn't a coffin, but aw can't say 'bout ghostcs, for I never soo oho', as I knows on, boforo. But I'll tell 'oo all how it happenod, Davio. I loft the bend in goodish time, and started to come homo. 'Twasn't much out of my way to out aoross tho paddocks and como by tho Travellers' Rest — " "Not more than half a mile," drily put in David, with a smiio that rather provoked Jona than. "Ayo, yon do know, suro enough," sharply retorted ho, "for you'vo gone over tlio Bamo ground for- tho same reason yonrsclf 'fore now, Davio." " That I havo, Johnny," was tho answer, with a conscious laugh. "Goon, Johnny ; yo camo by the Rest, yo say, and what then? It warn't thero yo saw tho— the— whatovor it was. " " It just was," said Jonathan, with another . impressive nod. " 'Twero growing darkish as I was passing, but 'twere light enough for ono to take a peep in at tho kitchen window, where Miss-Dob and Patty mostly sits ; and I could do it easy, with only jnst loaning over tho garden fence." " Exactly," said David. " I know yo can, for I'vo tried it mysolf. Go on, Johnny; yon saw Patty, I bupposo?" "Davie, I Baw two Pattys," gravoly assorted Jonathan. " There thoy sat oloso together, and Patty's ghost looked so much liko horsolf that I couldn't tell which was real flesh and blood and which warn't ; so, I s'poso that's what you'd call a socond sight ; oh, Davio?" ' That a second sight," echoed David, con temptuously. " No, Johnny, it warn't ; but I'll tell yo what I do think it was. You'd boon tak ing an extra glass or two wi' tho fellows at tho Bond, and you saw double. That's my opinion," added he, somewhat severely; "and I'm ashamed o' yo, Johnny." " Lord forgivo 'co, Davie, as aw'm suro I do," cried tho wronged and aggrieved Jonathan. "I \ hadn't had so much as a taste of aught stronger I than water from tho timo I started this morning j till now. But I forgivo 'co, bccauso I do think I I should havo misdoubted you in tho samo way if ' 'ee had como homo with such a queor story. ' However, I'vo told 'co tho truth, Davie, and if i eo don't beliovo me, aw can't help it." Oh, ' 'twere sent for a' warning of somo sort." ' 1 Ahem, why Johnny, Johnny, man, dinna talk that fashion. Evon if yo did see somothing ye couldna exactly understand, it doesna follow that the warning was meant for you. Why, my grandfeythof saw dozens of visions, and ho livod to ho 80 and odd, Como como, Johnny, cheer op;." i And so I will," cried Jonathan, briskly. : Over 80, was he? And saw dozen oE visions, oh?" | "I forgot it was Patty yo saw, "groaned David. ' " Oh, Johnny, I hope naething ovilhas happoned I to hey, poor lassie." "I hope not, Davio ; 6hoand her ghost both seemod all right enough when I see cm. I wish now aw hadn't runned aw.ay just so quick as I did, but aw was too much scared to wait for a second peep, else may bo I'd bavc.becnablo to tell which was Patty and which wasn't Oh, I don't believo thero was anything wrong with Patty. Davio, suppose us goes back togothor to tho 'Rest,' just to giako suro there's nothing the matter. I'm sure Miss Dob wouldn't mind I being distnrbod for once," suggested Jonathan. ! " No, that won't do at all. Wo couldn't toll her we'd como to rouso her up this timo o' : night on account of what yc'vo scon, Johnny. ! Maist likely sho'd think we'd boon taking a drop ! too much, and thon shouldn't wo catch it?" I " Whew 1" whistled Jonathan, apprehensively; " so wo should if sho thought that of us. Woll, 1 what is to ho done thon, Davie? Wait till to i morrow 1" . " Yes, wo must. Tho auld lady would never forgivo us if sho thought we'd been indulging to. I night. So wo'll o'en postpono the investigation ! of what is a maist mysterious affair till we go I thore together to-morrow evening." CnmsR VI. Christmas evo camo at last, and Patty's two suitors arrived at tho Travellers' Rest at their usual time, or perhaps a trifle oarlior, for thoy were both anxious to ascortain that nothing had happoned to Patty, "whoso decision was to bo finally mado that night. Miss Deborah was in tho boras thoy passed through it, hut no ono clso was visible, and thoy entered tho little apart ment where thoy expected to find Patty awaiting them ns usual. Sho was not thero, howovor, and wlion Miss Debby joined them, both' mon no ticed with alarm that sho lookod nnsnally seri ous. " Is anything the matter, Miss Dobby ?" hastily asked David, exchanging a quick eager look with Jonathan. "Whore's Tatty, ma'am? There's nought amiss with hor, I liopo, that wo don't seo her ?" half gasped Jonathan. "Oh no, nothing : sbo'llbohoro presently, but I wanted to havo a talk with you first, so that I told her not to como in till I call her. What mado you think thero was anything amiss with hor, Jonathan?" inquired sho, taking a half- knitted stocking from tho tablo, and beginning to ply hor nccdio vigorously. "Why, bccauso I soo something uncommon strange last night, and I was feared somo misfor- tuno might havo linpponod. I soc a vision last night. Miss Dobby," lie wont on, solemnly, . "Such an awful queer ono it wore, and Davio and -mo thought it must moan somothing." " Whoro did youseo.it, and what was it like ?" demanded Miss Dobby, kniting composedly. V Miss Dob. 1 soo it in this, very house," re plied Jonathan, in a half whisper. "But you weren't hero last night, Johnny." "Not inside, I know, ma'am, but I was pass ing along tho road on my way homo from tho Bond." "Rather a crooked way homo from tho Send, Johnny, said Miss Dobby. "Howovor, go on; what next?" " Well, ma'am, whon I was passing by the kitchon window, I lookod in, and '.' "Oh!— it was you thon that gavo Patty such a fright last evening— was it ? For - sliamo, Johnny 1" "Mo givo Pally a fright 1" bawled Jonathan, much astonishod at the charge. " What, did she seo a vision, too 1 Oh, only hark to that now, Davie." "A vision!" repeated Miss Debby, contemp tuously. "No, you great calf, sho didn't; hut she saw a man peep in at the window, which of conrso must havo boon you. A vision, indeed. I thought you had more sonco, Jonathan." " But, Miss Deb., you havon't heard what I did see yet. Jost liston now while I do toil 'oe," urged Jonathan, feeling injured at tho lady's tone. . "Well, I'm listening," said Miss Dobby, flourishing hor stocking. " What did you see, or fancy you saw?" " Twasn't a fancy, Miss Dobby. I see it as plain as aw can seo you now. I looked in, think ing to get a sight of Patty (unbeknown like), and I seo not only one, but two Pattys ; and if that wasn't a vision, what was it, ma'am ?" " Somothing easily oxplainod, no doubt. What is David's opinion, pray?" said Miss Doborab. "Barely, ho wasn't bo foolish as to boliovo in visions and that nonsense ?" "Woll, Miss Dobby, I didn't Bee it myself," said David hesitatingly. "But ho did see somo thing out of tho common, I'm bound to boliovo, for ho camo homo in a maist awfu' Btato o' mind. Ho isn't fanciful cithor in a general way, so I think ho must havo soon— well— somethiny, yo ken, Miss Dob." " Nonsense," oxclaimcd Miss Deborah. "Ho saw Patty, of course, and frightenod hor terribly too, till sho wont outside aud found a hat on ono of tho roso bushes, which wo found out belonged to Jonathan, However, never mind that now. I suppose you've nt-ithor of you forgotten Patty wae to speak out to-night and say, onco for all, which of you sho preferred. No, I thought not; and she wilt do so prc3onlly, bat I flrst must toll you something and ask a question or two. Then — well, we'll soo. I was dreadfully annoyed with Patty, you must know, when sho told mo sho really didn't fcol cortain which she liked bo3t, and I don't- know that I wasn't qnito as much voxed with tho pair of you for being so stupid as to go and ask tho girl, both at the samo timo. Who over beard of such a way of putting such a ques tion as that ?" "Wo couldn't think of a better plan, Miss Dobby," bogan David. " Wo thought 'twas tho fairest way of doing it, seeing that wo " "There, never mind your reasons now. All I know is that it put Patty in a terriblo quandary that night, and she-talked in a manner that quite shockod me. Ill fact, we had almost a quarrel, for I really thought tho foolish girl could see no way out of it, except by marrying both. Aye, you may well stare, David. I don't wondor you're astonished, but sho actually did say she thought sho should havo to Bottle it in that, man- nor. I scolded her proporly, you may bo suro, : and — afterwards wo — wo fancied wo had hit on another, plan. I'm not suro it will answor " wont on Miss Doborah, hesitatingly, whilo her knitting-needles rattled in a vory rcmarkablo manner—" but it might, and whether it doo3 or not, it was-Patty's idea, and no ono clso's, so tho praiso or tho biatno of such a mad piceo of trickery rests -with hor, not mc, nor— any one else. Mind that." The last two wordB popped out quito sharply, and Miss Deborah's ball of worsted was jerked half way across tho room by tho rapid movement of hor needles. Jonathan picked up the hall and restarod it. "If you please, Miss Dobby, will'oo toil us what Patty s idea was?" ho sskod, rather nervously, with a furtivo glanco at David, who sat looking aw fully uncomfortable. And well ho might, for tho same notion that had entored. Jonathan's head and caused his sadden fit of nervousness had at tho samo moment takon full possession of David's stronger mind, aud ho had no doubt that Patty's idea was to provido horsolf with a liasband and an nnclc at tho samo timo. Miss Deborah's confused and agitated maimer tended to confirm this, and tho sturdy fellow actually trembled as tho old lady's sharp grcy.cyc3 turned very complacently towards him. ."Well, David, don't you want to know it loo?" said Bho, speaking quite affectionately, or so tho alarmed David thought. " Ye3, ma'am," mockly answered he. "Ye3, ma'am!" mirhickod Miss Doborah. " Well, you don't seem particularly interested, I must say. Howover, you'll bo moro so directly, no doubt, for it is you Patty's choicohas fallen on. Yes, Johnny, you must make up your mind to a disappointment unless— unless"— here Miss Do- borah began to floundor terribly—" unless you would like a wifo a triflo older than Patty. It would please mo vory much if you did, Johnny, and Patty would bo delighted ; but of course wo wouldn't wish you to do anything that wasn't ogreeablb to yonrsclf." "Thankee, Miss Dobby," said poor Jonathan, feeling that ho had boon treatod barbarously by everybody, hat especially by Patty. " Then I don't wish to offend you, but it wouldn't be agreeable, not by no means, ma'am, I wish Patty and' David all sorts of happiness, and now PR wish 'co all good night." "What, withoatovon seeing tho girl we-tliougbt might suit you, Johnny?" cried Miss Deborah, with indignation. " Dh, very well ; if you're in such a dreadful hurry, you'd 'better go." " Booing the pirl t"', echoed Jonathan, in sheer amazemont. " Why, , whatovor do 'eo moan, Miss Debby? I thought you was wanting to got wed yourself, to bo suro, aitU so did David. Didn't 'oo now, Davio?'.' Thus suddenly appealed to, what could David , dirhut blurt out a vory emphatic, "Doodl did, Johnny," ' " Oh, you pair of idiots," scroamod Bliss Do borah, flinging tho boll of wots tod at David's hoad, and tho stocking ucodlos ,ond all at Jona- -than. "J/c want to get wed, at my, timo of Iifo too. I dcolars I conld knock your two woodon heads together for daring to dream of such a thing, much more to spook of it. Ha, ha, ha- I don't wonder David looked scared half out of his wits, or that Johnny was ready to run away from such a bride. Ha, ha. Ob, I shall never got over it. How could you think of such a thing, you precious pair of duffers, and I'vo always takon you for vory sensible young mon. I shall novor rnako that mistako again. Ha, ha, ha," and Bliss Debby alternately laughed and scolded as her vexation - or tho sonso of tho ludicrous predominated, whilo tho two offendora sat in absolute silence, merely exchanging a rueful wink whonevor tho old lady's angor got tho bottor of her mirth, and sho be stowed a fow epithets tho rovorso of complimen tary on them both, In a short timo, howovor, she calmed down quito wonderfully, au indignant snort or two and a half-aupprossod chuckle winding up tho torrent of minglod abuse and laughter ; and then Miss Deborah was horsolf again, "Woll, now," said she, almost merrily, "por- haps it was as much my fault as yours that you havo mado such a stupid blunder ; but now, if yon'll bo quiet and listen to mo, I'll try and ox- plain mysolf a littlo mora . clearly. You are not in a hurry, Jonathan ?" "Oh, dear no, ma'am ; I wouldn't think of going till I'd heard what 'eo havo got to say," politoly answored Jonathan, who was, however in a state of pitiable bewilderment. " Very woll ; mind you don't intorrupt, then. Tho very night you and David put Patty in such a dilemma, her sister Bessio como homo aftor boing away nearly four years. You didn't know sho lad a sister, and as sho had ran away in a bit of a tantrum and without consulting mo about it, you'll - understand why I never spoke of it, or of hor either. I don't say which was to blamo, mind. Perhaps I amrathor a hard old woman to bring up young girls, and certainly Bessio had a spirit — not to say a tompor— of her own, and sho didn't, or wouldn't, or porhaps, poor child, alio couldn't, bend to mo quito as I thought sho ought. Sho was rather wilful, was Bessie ; and I'm afraid I didn't go tho right way to mako her obediont. One day she offended mo in a trifling matter, and instead of talking kindly to hor, and showing her whoro she was wrong, I flew in a passion and boxed hor cars, and next day Bossio ran away from home. Sho wont to Btcl- bourno and earned a respoctablo living for her self, but she found oat after a timo that it wasn't altogether so pleasant to bo quite alono in a big city liko that, although sho was indepondont. Sho saw somothing of tho wickoducss that was going on all around her, . and then (for Bessio doesn't want for sonso) she wisely camo hack to her old annt, who was very, thankful to find that sho was altered for tho hotter. Well, of course Patty very soon talis her of tho fix sho's in on ac count of tho two very nice young men, and the noxt day, Booing how wonderfully Bessio was liko herself, Patty proposes thatshc should somo times tako her placo— pass off for hor, in short — wlion- ever you or David came, just to see whothcr thoro mightn't bo a way out of the difficulty she's in through not being able (stupid giri) to mako up her mind which she liked best. Tho achcmo has answered so far that though you havo both seen and talked to Bessie, you have noithor of you suspected the trick that was played on you. However, for tho last wcok or two Bessio has, I believe, seen muchmorcof Johnny, whilo Patty lias favored David with her company rather the oftcnest." "Thon it wasn't a vision after all, Davio," shouted tlio astonished Jonathan. "Well, I'm glad of that, to bo Sure. Aw couldn't understand why it should como to me; but stop a bit, Bliss Dobby, it were Bessio then and not Patty that I saw the last timo I was hero. Ob, ayo, I do seo it all now, but call 'em in, Bliss Dob, do'co please. I do want to soo whether I can toll t'other from which, now I know they aro'nt second sights,." " YeB, call them in Miss Dobby," urged tlavid, "for though I'm euro I should know Patty, if Bhc had half-S-dozen sisters like her, I'm curious to seo Johnny's vision." And David laughed rathor maliciously iu his own senso of superior discernment. "You shall pay for that laugh," said Bliss Doborah, inwardly ; thon, raising hor voice, she called out "You can como in, children," and tho next moment two laughing girls stood in tho doorway. ' ' Stay whero you are, girls, for a few momonts, " said Miss Deborah ; then turning quietly to David sho added, '-'Now Davio, my man, which is Patty ? You know, of course, so mind you don't fix on the wrong one." " But, Mis3 Dobby I— I dinna ken— I was na just quito prepared, yo seo, ma'ain, "stuttered tho sorely perplexed David, as ho glanced from ono smiling faco to tho other. "It's a maist ex traordinary iikoncsa. I— I never in a' my born days saw twa lassos eo oxactly aliko. Oh ! it's na wonder Johnny got a start. It's na use," said ho, after another close inspection. "I'm beat a'thogcther, / canna loll lb o t'olhor from which." . " I can though," cried Jonathan, who had also boon engaged in an earnest contemplation of tho two motionless figures in tho;doorway. "I can toll note," and triumphantly springing from his chair, ho soizedon one of thorn, and shouted ! gleefully. " This ia Bossio, I know," "It's not fair, it's not fair, Boss, you cheat, you," cried Patty, hurrying forward horsolf. j Jonathan wouldn't havo kiown any more tlmn \- David if she hadn't told him, 0, I know yon didn't speak a word, but look lioro, aunt," | and Patty indignantly' sliatched an old Btraw hat from -tho hand of -her sister, as sho ' hold it partially concealed behind hor sliirts, " she ( showed him this (you know you did, Bcssl), aiid that's how ho came to know, which it was"' " Woll, Patty, you needn't bo so cro.mbout it," said Bessie, with a slight hlush at tlio oxposiito . of her lilllo HisC. " And I doti't thiiik I'll say noytbing about eliciting,, it t .were you. Wasn't it you. first persuade! liib iiilo deceiving and cheating thorn both, and havon't you been quite delighted all along bccauso tho choat vrsu so sum ccssful? Como now, Patty, who was tho worst tt blamo thero?" This was turning tho -tables with a vengeance;" and Patty joined in tho laugh against hereeH, "Woll, I don't caro," said sho at last, in high good humor. " I do think my motivo was a very good ono after all, for overybody scorns satisflod, Yon are, I hope, Davio?" and . sho turned hor langhing eyes on hor lover's beaming face. "Ay, Patty, that lam, and something more, for I was Badly afraid Johnny would bo terribly disappointed when your choice was mado, but now I can bo happy mysolf without feeling that ho is just tho othor way. And you, Johnny ?" " Woll of courso I am overy bit as well pleased as you, Davio. I mado suro you would bo the ono as wore to bo disappointed, and Patty— aw do mean Bossio — knows I had good reason for think ing so, hadn't I, my dear V" said Jonathan, with an arch look at Bessio, whoso faco became ovoil rosior than before as sho reproachfully whisp- ored, " Oh 1 Jonathan, that's too bad of you." "Nay, I'vo said nought," replied ho, laughing, "and aw'm not going to, either. But now, Bliss Dobby, I do want to know whether you aro as well pleased as tho rest of us, because if 'ce be" — and Jonathan paused for a reply. " Well, I am thon," said Bliss -Deborah. " Go on, Johnny." " Iss suro, then, I think, Bliss Dob., that boforo Davio and I do go homo to-night you onght to tell ns, if 'eo pleaso, ma'am, when wo ho to tako our wives homo," Miss Doborah smilod graciously. "David may tako his away in a month from to- day; but I can't spare Bossio, Jonathan ; and sho doosn't want to loavo hor old aunt, cithor." "But, Bliss Dobby," began Jonathan, looking vory blank indeed; "how long do 'oo mean to koop me waiting, tbon? Ob, come, that isn't fair now, ma'am. I do want my wifo " "And you shall havo hor ; but I can't let you tako hor away. You must como and livo horo, Johnny, and help Bcs3 tako caro of tho old wo man. I mustn't loso both my nieces," said Bliss Doborah." "Oh, I am quito agrcoablo to that, Bliss Dobby," said Jonathan, his face cloiringas ra pidly as it had clouded. "To he sure I'll como, if Bessio wishes it." "Which of courso sho does," said Bliss Dobo rah, "or I shouldn't havo proposed it. Boaidcs, it will bo much hotter than living all together at tho store.'-' "Ay," laughed David, "I'm quito o' your opinion, Bliss Debby, for if wo all livod together I'm doubting wbethor wo should ovor got to know onr wives apart. As it is, we'll bo pnzzled somotimcs, I'm thinking, oh, Johnny?" " Woll, may bo ub should," drawled Jonathan, thoughtfully, "but then you see, Davio, thoy will know which they properly boiongs to, so us shan't mako many mistakes aw don't think after wards.- No, aw don't, Davie." 