Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, October 6. FIGURES, which Cobden used to say could be made to prove anything, are sometimes like the photographic apparatus: they cannot err. Of this category are certain statistics published by the Irish Registrar-General. It is a wof ully black record of crime, to be read only with pain and ahame. The stories published from time to time in the English papers, and recopied all over the world are often not true, and itisalways safe, unless there is corroborative testimony, to receive them with doubt. It is but too true, nevertheless, that the heading "Another Murder in Ireland" appears almost daily with just cause. How many of these crimes are agrarian, how many traceable to discontent, we shall perhaps never know. In yesterday's paper, for example, there is the story of a murder committed by two disguised men, who in open daylight walked up to a farmer working in his fields, shot him, and sauntered off scot free, the affair throughout being witnessed by some schoolboys who were attracted by the spectacle of the man taking off his hat and humbling pleading, so far as they could see. for mercy with the dark-robed strangers. The terror-stricken schoolboys learned a lesson that day they will never forget. The assumption is that the two men were hired assassins, who had no personal quarrel with or knowledge of the victim, but were merely obeying the behests of a secret body. But of this there is no proof, although information recently given to the police would give colour to the belief. Since the savage murder of the Joyce family in Connemara there has un doubtedly been manifested a disposition on the part of poor people who hitherto had con nived at crime to assist justice in discovering and punishing the criminals, and the autho rities, spite of fitfully recurring and startling murders, are more hopeful at the present moment than they have been at any period during the past three years. But, whatever the future may bring forth, nothing can ever obliterate the blood-stained records to which I referred at the opening of this para graph. The figures arc not to be disputed. Indictable offences' in Ireland showed in 1881 an increase of 3308 over 1880. For five years in succession serious crimes in that country have showed a steady increase. It is double in proportion to the population what it was in 1876. While the total of crimes punishable after trial by jury were during last year 4477 in England, and 5715 in Scotland (in proportion to the population), they were 7745 in Ireland, where the people in some relations of lifo show a higher^ state of morality than in the other countries. An analysis of the crime list shows us exactly how the monstrous disproportion is created. During 1881 the murders in England were 12; in Scotland, 15; in Ireland. 40. Cases of manslaughter were—ln England, 51; Scotland, 54; Ireland, 82. The record of malicious offences against property is still more marked—being 1674 in Ireland, 198 in Scot land, and 121 in England. At the same time writs, summonses, and ejectments had increased in # corresponding ratio. For this year the crimes have not ncen so numerous, though in unspeakable savagery many of them have sur- passed anything previously known in a civilised country. On the ono hand we have the murders and malicious offences above enume rated ; on the other a return of 35,990 writs and summonses, and 4528 actual ejectments by sheriffs' officers. Well may the motto of the perplexed and distressed be "God save Ireland!" If the book itself has not reached Queensland yet many of your readers must have noticed the reviews of " Reminiscences of an Old Bohemian." The author is old Dr. Strauss. There is scarcely an attempt at concealment, though the reviewers make a show of not know ing him. The question is often asked—What is a Bohemian? These reminiscences will supply the answer. But such Bohemianism as they describe is a thing of the past. Of the old set there are few left, and most of them have abandoned or outlived the qualifications which entitled them to rank with the Bohemians of Dr. Straußs's time. In the dajrs of which he writes the literary, artistic, and journalistic men who drank out of pewter pots and smoked long clay pipes, who gloried in inability to pay their debts and detested a brother who wore clean collars, were not ashamed. The now generation is different. The modern members of the Savage Club do not thank the old Bohemian for the picture he has drawn, and Dr. Strauss, whose name was years ago struck off the books for non-payment ot the subscrip tion, is probably little aware of the change that has taken place. There are a dozen clubs now where twenty years ago there was one in Bohemia, and somehow, though the young members assume the airs of fashion, and will not allow the whiff of a pipe or the odour of gin and water to come between the wind and their nobility, they do not produce any intellectual giants that will bear comparison with the disre putable gentry of the past age. It is amusing to see the disgust of the few respectable old Bo hemians who are left at the puppyish young actors who "haw haw" all over the clubs to which they belong, and survey the rest of man kind through their eyeglasses. There are no more ambrosial nights when sledgehammer wit falls right and left. The Bohemian clubs gain by having purged and taken to live cleanly, but they have lost the olden brain power. Dr. Straus8 T8 book, therefore, describes what was, not what is. It had better not have been described at all. The survivors of dead Bohemians must be pained to find the weaknesses of their relatives ex posed, though side by side there is an abundant glorification of their strength. In life their lovable natures and fine genius covered their sins, and in death they need not have been uncovered. The old Bohemian excuses himself by the plea that old age is garrulous. Garrulity spoken, however, is not garrulity in print. Still, from the "awful warning" pout of view, this book may do a little good, for the author with much frank ness shows how, beginning life with bright Srospects, he finds himself! halfway between le 70th and 80th milestones of life, stranded on a lee shore. It is often urged that history, like certain wines, should not be unbottled until time has mellowed it. But it is the fashion now not to wait. History keeps pace with the materials that supply it. Every newspaper is history. Histories of our own times are found to sell, and that is a sufficient reason for their publication. My young Queensland friends have the advan tage of studying English history from a dis tance, and in a calm and sunny atmosphere. To them I would fain recommend a serial which, when finished, will give one of the com pletest histories of this generation yet published. It is called "Gladstone and his Contem poraries," written by Mr. T. Archer. I recommend it because it is fair and unbiassed. A partisan history is a mischief. This is a clear and accurate description of the empire from 1820 to date, and the enterprise of the Scotch publishing house of Blackie and Co. is well rewarded by the great popularity of the work. A few of the leaders in the political world have been indulging in extra-parliamentary utterances while they might have been making holiday. It was hard upon them to rusn them around in the slight interval between the adjournment in August and the Autumn re gathering on the 24th October. What has been said shows that Mr. Glad stone will not pass his Procedure resolu tions without determined opposition. You may remember that during the earlier part of the session, before the murder of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke necessitated an abandonment of all but the Arrears and Crime Protection Bills, the Government were not unwilling to meet the Opposition halfway, and accept a two-thirds majority, in lieu of the cloture. The subse quent obstruction and disorder in the House has led the Premier to recede from " point" con ciliation and cast anchor once more within the breakwater. He has announced his deter mination of standing by the cldturc re solution, and many are the Liberals who are at present sticking on the horns of a dilemma. The successful finish of the Egyptian campaign is a godsend for the Ministry, which, beginning the session in dire straits, losing Lord Cowpcr, Mr. Forster, and Mr. Bright during its progress, and beset on every side throughout, now finds itself more popular than it has been at any time since the return of the Liberals to power. It may happen that the difficulty of deciding what to do with our victory, now we have won it, will prove harder than tno campaign by which it was achieved; but, if one may judge from the pro vincial speeches of Sir Stafford North cote and Mr. Lowthcr, echoed by smaller men of the party, there is no disposition to harass the Government on the Egyp tian question. Indeed, the pleasant inter change of compliments between Sir Stafford Nortucotc and the Glasgow politicians leaves one a little in doubt whether the lion and the lamb are not intending to He down together. But Sir Stafford cannot avoid being what nature has made him — a mild-mannered amiable English gentleman, who is respected by everybody, ana who by some ill fate finds himself at the head of a party that would saturate him with gall if they could. My Lord Salisbury has been rusticating in his French chalet, else there would have been roarings in high places. There is yet time for him to make a dust before Parliament meets. The Conservatives will do good business, I suspect, by supporting the Property and De fence Lengue, at the head of which is Lord Elcho. This society aims at protecting nil manner of vented interests against over-govern ment, and is bound t.o be popular. Even staunch Conservatives and loyal Whigs, when grandmotherly legislation touches their breeches-pockets, cordially endorse the motto of one of tho American papers :—"The world is too much governed." So Sir Stafford North cote, in his Glasgow speech on Wednesday, adroitly introduced the subject into the watch word which he recommended to his Con servative friends, that watchword being " Freedom, Freedom of Speech, No Cloture, Freedom of Contract, Freedom of Opinion, and No Caucuses." The words I have italicised were significantly cheered, as they might be expected to bo by the canny Glaswegians. I sincerely trust that Queensland stands where it did. It does not, however, appear in its wonted place amongst that collection of telegrams which once a month or fortnight is published in the English papers via San Francisco. Reuters agency is responsible apparently. On tho sth October (yesterday) there appeared the usual telegrams from Vic toria, South Australia, Now South Wales, and New Zealand; but Queensland, which generally comes into tho catalogue, is entirely absent. If the reason is that there is no Queensland news good or bad to send, one cannot but re member that blessed is the country that has no history. Some day, I suppose, wo shall get a fresher system of telegraphing from Australia. The news published yesterday is a month old. This is so far a magnificent shooting season. Partridges and pheasants were never more numerous, and sport has been excellent every where. There have been several causes for this happy state of things. The August rains were not a disadvantage, followed as they were by a fair September, for. thanks to the late harvest, tho birds secured a fortnight's extra law, and the modern method of close reaping gives the partridges extra chances in the stubble. Although the prayer composed by the Arch bishop of York for reading in the churches, after the Egyptian success, has been mercilessly chaffed by the Philistines, it was almost uni versally adopted. But not altogether. The Rev. Mr. Haweis, an original and talented preacher, who every Sunday attracts large congregations of fashionable people to his West End chapel, declined to read it, and in his sermon specified reasons why. I have never seen a paragraph so generally quoted throughout the three kingdoms as the short summary which appeared of the sermon, and as it represents the true feeling of—l havo no hesitation in saying more than hah! the people of the country, I will here insert the closing sentences :— " War might have been waged for the canal or the bondholders, or both, and it might have at last become necessary ; but that British forces should bo used to silence real grievances and crush anything like national aspirations was a calamity—a calamity which no admiration for the ability of our generals and the bravery of our troops should make us forget. Thanks givings as for a special interposition had been offered up in many churches, but, admitting the war to have been altogether just and needful, he could not adopt that language, for he did not believe in any Divine interposition in this matter. He did not believe in the steady and divine triumph of justice and truth and freedom in the lone run, but history and experience showed that the triumph was often retarded by the action of subordinate causes, such as ' big battalions,' and he supposed few people really doubted that we had conquered the Egyptians, not because we were in the right and they were in tho wrong, but because we had the ' heaviest hand.' The notion that in particular battles God fought for one side more than for another seemed to him to be a pagan, or at most a Jewish, one. The Romans believed in Castor and Pollux, and Joshua believed in a tribal God Jehovah, who stopped tho sun, fought for the Jew. and occasionally put him through some very doubtful transactions. But the religion of Christ spoke of a God of peace and consolation, who was the Father of all men, and who, in spite of their wickedness and weakness, in every conceivable war loved and pitied both sides alike." While there is a furious opposition, flavoured with an occasional public disturbance in Coven try, to an obnoxious vicar's rate imposed upon non-conforming members of the community, and an organised resistance to the levies upon farmers' goods in Kent for payment of extra ordinary tithes, the annual Church Congress has been meeting at Derby and the Baptist Union at Liverpool. If the Church Congress does nothing else it shows that the Church is at hut fairly aroused to the necessity of work amongst the poor. The usual conflicts between the Evangelicals and High Churchmen have en livened the proceedings; but if these episodes on the one side reveal angry feelingg, on the other they tell of vitality. And the outside world, though it cares nothing about rituals ana creeds, likes to see a stir made. Tho Church of England is by this reason growingly popular, though the coquetting of some sections with the stage and the Salvation Army is a subject of derision and disapproval to the many. Our old friend Father Ignatius has turned up at Derby, and made a very good impression, apite of his monkish garb. Mr. Lyne has been now before the public some fifteen years, and it must be said in his favour that he has been consistent. At first he was laughed at and de nounced, but he has kept on, turning neither to the right hand nor to the left, and preached simple gospel doctrines with a fervour that has never nagged. People have got, therefore, to overlook the sandalled feet, shaven crown, and friar's frock, for the sake of the man's austerity of life and feverish earnestness ; and to admiration of this, rather than to belief in his peculiar way of representing the catho licity of the Church of England as by law established, he may attribute the toleration extended to him at Derby. The canons who have taken part in the congress business have come out well, proving also another thing— namely, that the day is past when the fat things of the establishment are inven to dunderheads. No modern Prime Minister would dare appoint such sleepy-headed prelates as used to be foisted upon the Church. A canon now-a-days must be an able man. Deans and prebends have to win their spurs. Canon Gregory, for example, of St. Paul's, the idol of the High Church party, is a clever speaker. The intellectual ability of Canon Farrar, of Westminster, has been shown in many a good book. Canon Trevor, the rubicund Yorkshire man, is learned and eloquent. Once the lay men at these congresses were able, as the saying goes, to " show a light" in the matter of smart ness to the clergy, but the laymen now have to take a back seat. Earl Nelson, Mr, E. L, Wood, and Mr. Bercsford Hope are tame by comparison with the clerical speakers, who seem at these Church congresses, and in their rubs against each other in the ecclesiastical controversies of the day, to have got rid of the mannerisms and shibboleths which went so much against them in the days when they whined and droned, rather than spoke out like men to men. At Derby yesterday one of the speakers said a very good thing, to wit, " You musn't expect to be able all at once to make a drawing-room saint out of a tap-room sinner." A Yorkshire clergyman described the efforts of the Ritualists to unduly magnify the eucharist as an "attempt to localise God in a Eiece of bread." This terse outspokenness, to c sure, raised a storm which the presiding Bishop was forced to allay by timely inter position. Father Ignatius, too, in a dis cussion upon Ghiistian unity, said, "I would rather listen to a Primitive Metho dist who has been in the Holy Ghost's school than to a whole college of dons who have not yet had that reading, and the same speaker roused his hearers into enthusiasm by his peroration—" That Church which brushes away the rubbish from the rock, and exhibits it to the sinner, is the Church which will be upper most in the day of the Lord. If the Roman Catholic Church does it, up with the Church of Rome. If the Church of England does it, up with the Church of England. If the Salvation Army does it, up with the Salvation Army." 