YSLOW' ]" DEGREES.' : A'A STOWiY:41 J. s.U.T. ALIA. .BY ALEXANDER 1 .; ONTGOMERY.';/ CIIA lTB' XVIIl Cintra was a o odecrat ly sized house of lthe villa order, standinginl' , ,nsomewhat oxtensive grounds, and situ ,ted in the outskirts of St. Kiilda. The hou ,a itself occupied thonsumnnit of a rise, and hand, tlus t i t clear view ovcr: thdt .thick bolt of plottnlion !:...,whliolh seclluded it from the road. i]ntran co, totho: bnck was given by a narrow, lano, ic, divrging fromn ths road, macn d a loop rot Ined tho promisesnand rejoinod ta mse in tue 'roughlare about, a quarter of a mile Jurther , on. In front of the house was a broad terrace , , and on' this terrace I was pacing up an I down , a few days after our arrival, whe I sayw Walter'', 'omning up the drive; The Count and his dnaughi er, as it hnappened, were both fron lhoo, no, and ?e in; Walter's face, asItold' him this, t I'cou ' detect tlin?t con tradirtory omixtul? of reli a f and disappoint. ment .which most peopolo have oxporaloeed a?at tholiostponemen t of anan nxious criszs in ""Ile has come to a nak tl i Count £fi6rhis dsughter," I-said to myself ,: and so it ,wan. Alter a few turns; up .and, dc 'nyc tine ,terracd without ,soenking, .o alter In sd his.nnad;odn my armn and stepped ,.'', . ',,",You am. the, Cou"? i'i.aim :m a .friend" he said.:,,' I: want you .h. tell .zo, candidly awhat chance.you think I havo, of gaining Paola for tmynwifoe?' Tihe blue eyes were v. ory troubled; t:he strong voice shook as 'lio put the q uestini i, andit was with a keen fee ding of ,relret th at I answered- . ,. S",.Very little, I fear, my,; lear fellowN Y ou. remember what I told you;. sbout the' Coun t's resolve to avoid any ceont eotion with, yo our father!' " . "I reimember i", lie Ianne wOred, letting ? his 'hand drop from my arnn; " bi.t I thoughlt ( hbat perhaps his irritation on thaot point we olid nave subsided by this time. " . "You mistake the Cou at much," I aid. " He is incapable of irritat ion in thle sons.r in which you use the word. His dislike to 'our father is founded, on.,th ec ilm convict fon that he is a bad man, and an undesirable con nection. You will excuseo ;my plain speakng ; but it is best that you sh 'told understand tho .. position." , , ". S"Certainly it is hat,"- said.WValtar; .h't Il think Count Gistiuiani .; judges too harshly 'of my father, or, rather, 'of me on.my fathe 's account.". "No Walter,;-the C ount doea not judge harslly of youi;i :o lit :eos you'much, and iha said so in so many wor de; ,but as hoo does nodt: hastily form a judgmen t, so lieo does not hastily alter one, and I fear y ou will find him in thil o same mind as ohe was 'when he spoke to m,'. Dut come I-I do not .-wish to discourage you ; Syou can but try. I n ied hardly ask how youn tanod with the lady h ersell.c !'No," soaid.Walto .-"I.am all right with I er I But she wouldv never run counter to her fother's vwishes"e'...,i. ." I am much.mista en in lier if BIhe would,'!' I replied. "Then then 'e is the quedtion of re ligious opinions ' .. . "Why, surely, from t what I know of the Count, hewould make no diffculty on tnhat score I" ' . I "The Count-no I L 'ut I oneatt the young ladyherelf , ' 'Walter remained silen t for a few moments. "I have something tb n a y on that point, '1 he answered then, "which may probably excite your ridicule." " Say on, and let me ju'geol"! ' " I know," he went on,." tfh at mean of your chlool of thought-or at least" of the Count's -would scout . the ihea i ofl .a ;.:man's beliefs 'being inluenced throt igh his affeoo tions, but the fact remains <that my. bpi nions on religious' matters " have' latterly. undergone a great change. " "Am lito understand, then, hthat you attri bute this change to the influenne of Signorina Giustiniuni ? Well, I see nothing in that to ridicule; though I think you. would bhomum correct in attributing the altcration to ' tle lady's arguments than to her Lascinationso." "I have.always envied ori p,ure," lofty,'un;. troubled faith," said Walter, "land I: seci to lhave unconsciously imbibed a: lirtion of; it.' "Do you call yourself a Ch'rnsiian, than ?' " I do not know whatu to call m'vself'; but I' do know fhat I believe now in mnmy things lwhich I questioned wioen yaou first Jknew me." "All the better foryoa," I said. '"You nay remember-that I told'you at the thine that any state of belief was preferable, for the sake of mental quietude, to a mental attitude of univereal scepticism.".But here come the -Count and the signorina.'': ' . -' ' With a heightened colori and a'less corem .posed dir than.usual Paola prcotd' WValter.. "I?" avo had asoch troubld ?ith 'hoisdre I S.shle said, laughing. " Coming 'b.ut of. the Public Library, hepieked up another person's Soat instead of his own, and we had got to thle front gates before the owner arrived in hot pursuit. Absurdly 'angry ho' ave; 'tdo';I. I really thought le would 'ave ''given' tho ' Count in eharge, though anybodly eould:Iavo seen that the exclhange was far from being in the.dear' father's favor. Rlelly'y ho" grows more absent-minded every day". ' . "Only at' times; Jgflaf omofs; said tlhe Count.-. only. now, and thanI You have something to say to me," hd added,, to Walter, as hnis' wlt siff keen ' eye lerusdd the young man's ingenuous countenance. "Yes Count ; if you' can' spnire mo a few "Thinutes. y' ' ' ' a"This ll ay; then. P'erdolss, Iaymond; iPaola will keep you company I" 'haut Paola, who guessed vwhat was comning," had fled ore o spokeo,.and no, pacing thn tfr-. Oce alone, I awaited tlne rcsult of the inter-' view. ,. In about a quarter of an hour the Count sent for ne, and, going to'his study,; I found him twisting his long grey moustaclhe in muol perplexity. Waltdr stood by thevwindov,and near the door was scatedPaola, with a sparklO in her eye and a Hlush Upon hier cheek whico obet?ened an emotion unusual'with her. S"I avo sent for you, my friendt'. said th Count, "to Ihave your opinadon. a maidter that neaycorly ncerns my daghter'e happiness In aaYord Mr. Addisonheoro, wvsinbs to marry hIer You are lrady aivar' of my primary objeation to sucoh a match, but l oind lint nn . daugloer's nffectlions are more seriously d. a-gcd tthan liad ousagined. l'Porhnp ass "o mesa for not Itorfeorlng stoonon to put lsn . end to thoussquoln'aune; but let that patsos l tile harm isl dloie;'and I wish now to hear if 'you can put thoe atter in any new light which would weakheiin' objectionso I do not deny, you see;"J he added with a smile, " that I ami willing to bo'persiuaded, any more than I have concealed' fromn Walter that :I have a great personal:liking foi him. But there still roe. maine=-his father i.' :: "?But, sir," cried .Walter 'eagerly,--"my father is not what you think him I and,,even if he wore,' I do not seo that he need make;so much difference. 'It may sound unfilial on my part to acknowledge that his habitojare 'such'asto make hini an undesirable acqi'ain. tance for a lady, hut by his own .choicwe 'should:see but little of him". :', :, :. "My dear,boy," said the Count, 'tyou. for 'get; that you are', still dependent on himl Yduir: profession *wouldnot.enable you, for years to come,:to support'a wife.'! ":. '. ;, • " I;can'wait,!' said Walter." ., *., "1"I am no friend to long engagements," was the reply; "and my daughter.shall not, form one with my consent'.'. ;.: ," , .r Pala Caine swiftly forwarndand clasped the, Count's hand. !""You loved my mother I"' she said--'take pity on us!" ' " . " OTra nil," was the dry reply, "it is just because I tako.pity on you that. I wish to secure you bread to ent, and so forth. Now, Raymond,!'. hod added, turning to 'me with something like a twinkle ini hii eye,-"you have not given your opinion yet:" ' v. ,'!! My: opinion, Count, is all in favouir 'of tlho young. lovers; thoughl I must"' dmit' tliatthe wanit of m'ens' is a seriods objectioh. But,porhlaps you daid I could" . ',' ",..Stay, my friend I" intieriiuptd the CoUnt ; ".I keow what you would'say, but that is not to bo thouglit'of for a moment as far as you aro concernsed, at anyrate: 'Listen to,mo, Walter I Should you; marry my daughter, I ui hble'iand willing' to'upport you both until you are in a position to dispense with my as. sistance; but I tell you plainly that I shall think the worse of you ifyou accept the pro eopsal t" ' "'' T? Then you shall not think the worse of'me on that account, at all events " returned .Walter. warmly. " I could not think of such aiplan for a nomient I "But; yoeuforget--my father is rich I It will be easy' for himi-to give us the necessary income." ' The Count took a fev turns iiilenice. . SYoiir father,'",ho said then," vwould'd r taisly not approve of your marriago with my daughter. ','IHow that, wuohld' ifeot'his "rela tions'vwith yourself, you oght 'to bh thli best j u d g e :. ' t ,.,. , . "Believe nse, sir," returned Walter-" what ever lie may 'appear to others, he has always .been aimost kind and indulgent father to me. Give 'us;yiir consen, tand I am confident of his 1. , , '"And youn'really love' this young man so much?" eild' the Count, "turning' to'' his daughte'r.' ' " h Witli all'ny heilrt I" she said; and'thon, with a' noblo simplicity in no way akin to un maidenly forwardness, she ivent up to Walter and took his hand in hers. A remarkable-lookifii' coniel they made; as they stood side by side, gazing eagerly at the Count's inscrutabl face. The girl--of' equal height,with her lover-appeared the taller of the two, and her lofty'southern, beauty con trasted strongly with the square,' sturdy, Saxon aspect of Welter, whose bright blue eye alone seemed to denote anythinig of a kindred: sieirit with Paola's. "Tall and short I ""in'ttered the Count, meditating- aloud as 'lie looked at' them. " This predilection 'of 'tall women for short men-but I forget Thiis is.what I decide, Walter.' If, as yoei 'xpect, 'your fatlier be willing to make'a iufficiont provision for you, I will consent to the marrnniago; but it is only fair to tell you, at the same time, that I make this concession in the full belief that I shall hot be called upon to fulfil' it. You think differently? 'Very welli go ' and 'talk' the matter'over by yourselves, but remember that I will'not relax the conditions I have fixed I" " What'were'you sying' just now,' Count, about tall women' and short. men ?" I asked, whan, 'the lovers had left' the room.' "You interrupted youiseilf, you iremember." "Au, 'yes ! You must 'u: e neearked, your-. self, that persons whos, otiture is much above or much below? the. average generally' select from the other sex a partner' who?iossesses the opposite characteristics." "Yes;' it isai'a' matter of commonobser vation." " How' do you account for it?" SI suppose it is? tho"attraiction 'of op pisites.;". .' : ,... .. ,1'' . :." " '" It' is' iior than that " 'It is a'provision of Nature for the maintenance'of' her average 'standard of growth. If over and undersized men and; women preferred mates of ecorres ponding stature the huinan race would grad ually'run to 'giants' in 'the noe hand,' and pigmies on the etherI '''' "That is a niw view of the subject to me,"' I irplihd; "h bit it certainly seems to rest on a 'rcaeonabl basis." ' "Yes;: you will find the same foree at work all through Nature.'? Any divergince from her normal types inovitably contains 'within' it the seeds of rverieon.to those types."' ' '"Youe appear' to think, then, that 'the iromptifigs of Nature will not be carried out in'this partioular instance." .!:' With regard, to Walter and Paola, you meann? No-I am.as certain as'that'I stand hero that Addison will: refuse his' consent to thlio 'match.' As you heard me say to Walter, Itfis'in that conviction: that I make the mar riageo'contingelit 'onl his father's' approval. Had I thi least fear of that approval being obtained; I would not make the conditions I do, for my 'detestatioi of the elder 'Addison remains ' undiminiished ;'though,' as "Walter might begihn to think-I' was'indulging' in an u'nireasonable degrie of animus,:I have chosen to makle tho monetary objeetion th eosten sible ono:" ' , ' '•"'I"ut:in a few years," 'I remarked;' " Wal., 'tir's "profession 'will" male" him "indepon' deiit ofthis father; andlthus' ilsposo' of the monetary objections." ,Th'e"Count 'smIlddt hlil caustlo sieile. I "Is youil hair'thin a Ltu ,youir'beard grey, frieud Raymond; he said,' as' he' tapped moon the shoulder, '! and do you aenlculate like a boy pbon What may happen in a few'years?" CHAPTEIL XIX. ' Walter lost no time in writing to his father upon the subject of the marriage, antd so confident was lhe of.a favorablo,answer that he looked upon the matter.as already settled. ,I was much less sanguine in,the matter, how. over, for my confldence in the Count's saga city was great; but I. kept my ,misgiviligs tb myself, and madee.no attempt toi damp Walter's expctations.',.;, ' , "." Are you anything of a sporting man ?" he asked me, rather, abruptly on the morning following thie conversation detailed in tihe pro ceding ch'apter.'. :.i I uscdto take a ood deal of interest in. such matters,' I, replied; ,' but not latterly. Why do youn sk?" ..i.". ,'r Biecause I wels to tell you that, even it we take the worst for granted-if we suppose my father refuses his consent, I have still got a tringsto my bow : I" t "Indeed I flet what has that to'do 'with sporting matters '". Ic Iwi' tellat yo . You have heard of the SMelbourno Cup?" "Of course; the great raeo'of the year.' SYies.. WVoll, it:will bo run in a coupe of Smonths from now, and King of the SButi is. first favourite." t a T .e a:" Io e see by thpupbpersd.a.pTho pubou p peer to put great conldeneo in him.b. i " +'So muolh the worse for thelpublia l I Inow I of a hiorse that can.run awpay, tfrom anything in the ranoe,' and that horas"io not King of the'i South I-niy,a inore, lie is scarcely mentioned in the betting at all " "IndeedI,, And this wonderful animal I presume you have backed." - ,, ,( "Yes; I have got immense , odds against him., .I a.I not at liberty to mention liis name, bbutI . can:put somethinig on himl for yoo,•t?,you hwistl' ;, . r: ui .,: "' : ,Tlnnkyou I-lam notminolned tosepeca late;-and if you'll take miy advice you'll ha4 nothing to do Withhim either I!',., .~, -' Oh,eI avo,nodtmuch to lose, and. I stand to ~winanoigh' to make me quite indepelndent of my father, l" i . I shook my, head., "My experence teaches -me to place little faith in tips'.of an, .kind,' I said; " and.these very mysteriotis and won ,derfulpieces of informations are doubly su.s ,pioious.( But I hope you know your man.'!,. , .L'Ido;.there are two of them, ihd I be-i liove; they.areoboth.to beo, relied on. I am' going to. see thiemthis evening ; and, if tonl like to come with me, I'll show° you a little Melbourne sporting life.'.;' ..Agreed I-provided it be not of too low a! order.,!~: * Oh,.no I Quitere4peetablo, for the sort of thing.: I'll call for you in the evening j good- I bye' in the meantimeo-I must get back to the "I,:woder - what the Coaunt ovould say toe this betting business," I said to myself wihino'I Walter had left me.r "I'll'sound him on the subject at the first opportuinity.'..: ,. But, though I carried out this intention in what I thought was a most diplomatiumanner, s thle quick-witted Count saw how the land lay 1 in a moment. .. . " " !! Ah I'! he said-' I suppooe our. friend .Walterhas been dabbling in it. This betjiig mania," he went on,.-"is nothing more I than the lottery-fever .of , the Continest, .iii i another flom. Your English law theorotically forbids lotteriesi and so the inherentidelight in the worshipj of cliance must find another outlet.. Not tohat there is any. difference in principle. It is all very, well to talk of the delight in a good raco-tho'imprbvement in the breed of horses, and so forth; absoldtely pro- . hibit "the betting, and horse.racing will sink 1 into insignificanco, instead ofbeing, as now, , tle i all-engrossing amusement of this com- I munity., ,As. regards. any proolivities'ivhich Walter may have in that direction,, it wil b time enough for me to consider that'question s when this matter of the marriago,i's settled." Seven o'elook the same evening foiind meo approaching with Walter a well-known sport-' ing hotel in one of the priicip'al streets of Melbourne. The front was a blaze of light, I and, as we dntered at a side door, "Walter in formed methatithe landlord was the celebrated ( Dill Crusher,'ex-eh'ampion of England. Pas sing alonga 'narrow entry, through various openings in which we caught occasional glimpsps of the bar, resplendent with' carving 1 and gilding, we reached a small, comfortably ( furnished,room, the very atmosphere of which I seemed to be charged with "sport." On the I ~mantlepiece was a stuffed bull-terrrier in a glass-case, with a., legend setting forth his apocryphal doings in the rat-killing way; I above that again was a surprising work of art s in which all' the colors ptf, the. rainbow.,had been lavished upon-the representation ofa ' celebrated . "finish" for:the. Derby, whilst round : the - walls..the portraits.of English scullers and American trotters alternated 'with those of various ornaments of tlihe prize ring, . preparing in the most exemplary 'r pugilistic attitudes to do battle with nothingn in particular. - • "My men will bo' her directly," said 'i Walter, as, having looked at hiswatch,' he rang the bell and ordered a bottle of sherry; ; and by the time a brokei-nosed barman re- I turned with the wind the expected persons had made their appearatice. ' " Evidently both of ,the "' horsy" genus, they nevertheless presented a widely different aspect.. The bigger of the two, who was un- I .mitakeably a son of Abraham, was wheezy of voice and fleshy of face; his dress was of ultr:. fashionable and horsy cut, and the coarseness I of his dirty red hands awa enhanced by the numerous cheap rings which bedizoned his I fingers. The' other was a low- sized, wiryj man, with hard, square features, small, piercing eyes, and a twist in the corner of his 1 wide, thin-lipped. mouth as .if he carried a c straw in it. "Aw'll take a drop o';gin hot,'! said the latter, in a strong -Yorkshire "accent, when asked what he ,would take., ,'Aw, didn't i think 'at,yo'd abrought anybody wi', yo' t'neetl" .. " Oh, it do n'Et matter I" said Walter " this is a friend of mind, who is justas safe as myself.". ' t - SDe- lighted to esnany friend of yours, Ilishter Addison,'! wheezed tihe other'worthy, lighting a.,villainous .,cigar'asho spoke: " I 'ohuppose you've come prepared for oa, lh ? : "Ye," said Walter, and, taking out lis pocket- book, h'e handed eaechof them a small packet of notes. ' "S'help me I". said the Jew, whlen he had counted his, " you've got the hinformation I cheap-dirt cheap I Ain't he, Joinm " . ' The Yorkshireman did not answer until'he lhad slowly counted his mdiojne over twice; then, placing it in a greasy' pooket- book, he squirted a 'stream of- tobacco-juice from. the corner' of his mouth and sententiously ejaculated, "Worth foiveotoimes t'brias 1"! ". "Come, come I" said Walter with a laugh \--" it's too late to talk' about' that, now I The bargain's made I -Now, Iaymonnd,' wo'll go upstairs and see a bit of spdrring. That's the cause of the noise uil there," he added, alluding to a mysterious shuffling and trampr ling wshicl had been going on for some time over our heads: ' I now began to see that Walter was a muchl greener!hand in sporting'matters than I had' supposed;' He had evidently been paying. pretty'smartly for what was in all probability a worthloess piece of information, and ans we; ascended the stairsI determined to .takeo .th first opportunity of opening his eyes. - Turn-' ing into a dark passage, we paused at a door, upon. which ~Valter, tapped in a peculiar: manner, A- sliding !panel s a. immediately withdrawn, and, after a-muttered colloquy with a the guardian of, the .door,. it was cautiously opened, nod we found ourselves in a large arid- brilliantly-lighted'rogon, in the: centre of hi' was a space covered with saw.' dust'aind fenced dff with ropes. WYithin the. enclosurd two doyotecs of the flStid art: wore pummelling 'anlh other with'night a'id main, and, ont:tho beiches round the walls sat' a crooird of Spectators; ranging in 'degrec from the most elaborately dressed "swell" to the dcbased-lo'oki g. creatures who formed . the link behvcn the lolow,-class pugilist' and' the tliiet purd'hnd simple. ' ' "W'Vhy nl'thits preaution'."" I Whispered: to .Walter, as we took ouik seats. !" Sparring with'glovesis not against the lawrhere, is it ?" "No,":he returned, "but these men 'ro. using whit are called 'skin gloves,' which afford scarcely any protection fromn the blows.' An 'eincoiunter with them is virtually a prize fight, so there isoa possibility of the police in terfeoring," and, at that very moment, as if to illustrate his meaning, one of the combat ants was knoeked down by a blow which sounded upon his battered countenance as if it had been dealt with thie nakled fist., I felt somewhat disgusted, for, thoughl not unacquainted' with! the pugilistic mystery myself, I rheartily disapproved of prize-fight-. ing; and'had entered the robm witli tie cx. plotation'of seeing only a display of harmless sprinng;' but before I eould make up' my 'inind'?ohther to sit the thing out or not, a tlidndorslg kinook resounded on the dbor, and acstoentari voice decmanded admilesilon." in the Quoen's namo I"'' ' ' . ' •ll wa confuesion ina? moment. ,The i-m' atauhs oprang out of the'ring, the pectatora I &jp6d; down fronimtheir bencheso and a con find'rulh'ivas made for the door at the btheri idrof, tlip rdom. Carried along by'tl?dprees, I-lost"si git' of" Walter'" and found myself husitl?d holplessly. down a flight of: itairi leading to thoe ack of thd'house. Presently we, camo'tb a small door; it was burst open; the human stream 'poured' out and scattered and Ifound mnyseol in a narrow .passageo, ap. ph?aretly'leading fromi one0 street to"another! Ignorant of the loaonlity,, I. turned in" th wrong, diieotion, and reached what soon Curned out to be a dangerous neighbourhood. Anarrow street, with m'ean,'dingy houses, and uuspiciouse'lolding forms hovering furtively about the corners of the"' numerous lanes which led off on either side. ,,,'A v'illainois looking place I' I said 'to minyself'ao I turned'to retrace my steps; but, before Ihlad gdne' many yards; I found my-. aselfconfronted by twodark figurs. ': '.!Can. you give me a light, airr"' camln? from ohe of them, but I:was 'on my guard, and ready for the rush which followed before I couldsriply. One of the men I avoided al-. todgetliur; and dealt the' other a' blow, In the chest'which staggered lirm.'. ' ' '- " "Ohl, that's youi'sort, is it?" he cried savagely, as he recovered himself! "Come on, Bob, arid wo'll'sttle bis liash' for him I!' • I cast arapid glance around;' not i 'soul was in sight~ but my two :antagonists-botli men o 'nearly nmy own' size-and, after'a rapid mterhhango'e of blows, I received a stroke..oii the' head whichi staggered' me; hut, just as the fellows were closing up,'a crashing blow sent' one of 'them to the grbuhd lile' a clod. The other imniediately took to his heels; and; turning round,' I saw beside me a powerfully built man of middle size, with bowed legs and disproportionately long arms. ' . ' s ,'lThank you, my friend," 'I said.'" Thiat was a timely blor. Will you help'me to give this fellow in charg?" " ' "No, sir-no,'l was the unexpected reply. ' If I have done you any service, oask you to requite it by letting the man go," and, before I could answer, the thief .settled the matter himself by sdrambling to his feet and runniing away. "That decides it," I sail. " I think your request a striahgo one, but, ndvertheless, I' am much beholden to you for your assistance.'. I am a comparative stranger iii Melbourii?." -.So I supposed., Let me put you in your way again." ' ".I have seen yo' before," I said,'as'we pased, a lamp and the liglit revealed my companion's features. " Were you not in the sparring-room just' now?" - "I was, and I saw' you thero; I suppose you missed youirfriend in the crush."? "Yes, but I shall soon find him 'again. May I' offer 'you any money " Iaiidded, with some .shesitation,' for, though my rescuor's broad shoulders wore 'clad only in a rough 'ea.-jacket, and his head in a roigh fu canp, his language was that of an eduicated person; and his physiognomy had struck me ini the boxing-room 'as being that' of no common man. ' . , "Thank you-no," he returned briefly. " There's your.aay ; good nightl" I found Walter looking out for me in front of the hotel. " I" was beginning to feel' anxious about you," hi'said;," for there. were a: good many 'rough' characters about. You didn't think we had this sort of thing in Melbourne, oh?" ,'I:' did; not answer immediately, for I was divided between my good wishes for- the speaker and. my dislike to, anything inthe way of "preaching." E"Do: you approve of' this sort of thing,' Walter?" I asked at last. " Of prizefighting, for instance ?" " Well, no; I can't say I do. But'you don't think there's any harm in learning how to use one's fists, do you?" ' . "Certainly not I .I can do a little in that way'myself ; nor is it many minutes since I found' the knowledge useful." "By Jove I" said Walter, when. I had briefly described .my recent adventure; "therm's a case in point, you see.".' " Yes, I don't deny it. But such an exii bition as we witnessed to.night can do no possible' good, 'and it .would be ' better 'to remain ignorant of the ' noble art' than' to aequire it among such debasing surroundings. Then there is another thing I, wish to speak to you about, if you will forgive me for lectur ing, and put it down to the interest I-take in yOU."' ' "Speak plainly," said Walter. .'I ami ready to be guided by your advice." : SYou cannot be guided. by it in' this 'in-. stance, unfortunately, for the harm is already done. I: refer to. the money you paid those two scoundrels for thi' tip.''! . . "' Why, pnayond I" laughed Walter," that is not'like you-to put mendown as scoundrels solely on the score of their looks." "No," I admitted, "it is not like me; but my impression is all the more strong on.that account. May I ask what. you paid them?" .,'Fifty each I' ".'! Thrown away I" (It, I thought so,"' began Walter-" if I thought they were deceiving me" .You, could do nothing I" I put in. " They would say they were deceived themselves." "So. they would, no doubt! 'Well, never mind;', I have no fears about the matter. Have a weed T" ,'Lucrezia.BDorgia' to-morrow night," I 'said, looking at the bill 'ontlhe gate of the Oierathouse, opposite which we had stopped to. light our oig.trs. " My 'favorite opera I Will you come and hear it ?" .".Yes,' if 'youwishl. Perhaps the Count and'the signsorriei would come too." "I'll ask them when'I'get back." Very good. And, by'the-way, I think you Io~d better turn back now to catch your train. I'li come out to Cintra to.morrow afternoon."' I OHAIVIEIRB 'XX. Db'aldoviso," said the Count,'in Italian, to his old servant iioet iorning; .'did notI yes:' terday see thed working ini the garden?" :".. I "Of a truth,lEccellffeiu,''answored the old man, "Idid thereoiulabor a littls-only.a little . " That was not .well, my friend;" said this masiter; ' " Thoul growest old and feeble, and sucl work is not for thee.' I .will engage ja man to1 attend to the garden. See to it, '"I will advertiso' i tom.norrow," replied Paola.: '! Baldovino shall'tin future take his ease with his cigarette, while he superintonds 'operations," she added, with a laugh;" .':. " "The signborna is' pleased fto be. merry,': said the old ,fellow; with a low bow, ." but the idleness it likes not Baldovino, and with, the igsrrlnar's p lerismion he will still do so much as ispaessible toshim.'" . "Well, well-as' thou pleasesf," said.tiem Caohnt; "but take care of thyself, for thou hast been a' faithful and harild.working ser vant I National projudice,' ile went. on,,in English, when Daldovino hlad hobbled out of thoe room," callsthoItalian lny; but I ofear moe that what passes for laznines s toou often the wvant of something to do. The traveller sees the inazzarei lying about in the sun all day. ' What an indolent preplo I' lhe says; for getting that work must be had before it can be' done, and shutting'his eyes to tlhe fact that those Italians who hbve 'it--do 'it with might and main. Tihe history.of Italywould provo-ahl I by.the-way, that reminds mo, Baymond--you 'want us to go and hear 'Lueroezia Borgia' tonlglght. Did you think Italian' operas in Melbourno would be worth listening to ?" ' : I don't expect munelh," I answered," and so I cannot be much dispn?ointcedl." "Wvell, you will find this company sur prisingly good..- Tha Iiics; of courso: linoid6t t be placed on the stage withithe splendour of I London or Paris; still, they ,are fairly a mounted;- and -the singing is not !to be des pised. Inideed the basso-theDuko Alfonso I of to'night--is't presont under engagement t to'L'indon; and in my opinion-he will"do no t discreditto th t boards of Her Majesty's. But you, will' b able to judge,for yourself this evening. I see by the papers, too, that a noew tenor undertakes Gennaro, but I do not' xpect I much from him-the tenor is always the weak 1 point ofosecond and third-rate companies." • Donizetti's "Luorezia" 'is everywhere a favourite, and when we reached the Opera house in the evening it was filled from floor to'ceiling.':-The overture was playoed- the curtain raised-the opening chorus' sung- and, the neow Gennaro made his appearancd. Though evidently' not young, he was slight and undersized, and certainly looked more of a -stripling than the robust young vwoinan who played Maffeoo Orsini; I-ut his voice was good, and had- something in its :tones whiche awoke a vague recollection within moo.i Hisl face, too-despite the tinted cheek, :the blackoned eyobrow, and the pointed- board-' "struck me so one that'I had seen bofore, and for' omoe timo I'vainly tried to remember where ; bit no sooner had the singer approached the footlights andrcommenced the beautiful "Di pescator' ignoluile" than the truth came to me like a fla hs. The voice was Dumarlay's I I looked- round at the Count and saw by- his face that lihe had made; by the eye, that dis covery whiclr had come to me through the o ear. : ' • , , . Yo I--scarcely less sweet and powerful for the passage of over twenty years, these overe the tones.which had mrido such an indelible impression upon, my. memory on that long past night at lMonkton- Edgett.. l y mind i travelled back to that time, and, absorbed in ;1 a painful reverie,' I-heard as in a dream the I increasing applause which greeted each suc= e cessive effort of the liew singer. Would he E recognise the Count or myself, I wondered; but no-his oyes, as they rovedover theohouso, I rested upon our party sovoral times, and'no look or motion betokened that he know- either E of us.; But after a time something occurred which did make him start. Towards the end of the second act there flounced into the stalls I a party of flaunting, overdressed'women, and no sooner did Gennaro's glance alight on them than he gasped; faltered in his music and then went on again with an evident effort. Directing my glass upon the group which had I caused this emotion, I was startled in my turn to recognise another link between me and my unfortunate past. Amongst the impudent t paintedfaces-altered byyearsanddissipation, i by rouge and violet powder, but unmistakeable I through all-was'the face of Glika Nasilo- . viteh I . V, That she had-wholly or partially-recog- c nised Dumarlay was: evident fromr the fixed gaze with which she regarded him. " Singing or.silent, moving about or standing still, she t never took her eyes off him, and so uncom- c fortable did he grow under this scrutiny that his performance deteriorated until people be gan to think if he was ill. 'At last, however, the Russiin relieved .him of lhie presence by leaving the house, and the last act was sung as well as the first had been. The opera came to an end; Gennaro, having duly died in great agony, was called before the curtain to receive, with his suppo si-ti-tious mother, a final tribute of applause, and then for the first time I thought of looking at the play-bill. " Gennaro-Signor Claudio Dimarelli." " Claude Dumarlay, Italianisoed," 'I said to the Count, as we left the theatre. '! That ro moves all doubt I". "Yes," he replied; "but I knowv him the moment I set eyes on him." "He is not the only ghost of the past that has risen before me to- night," I said, and was proceeding to speak of the Russian woman, when the,all-seeing Count-interrupted me. He had recognised her as soon as I had. "Put these wretches out of your mind, my dear Raymond," he said. "They were not in it when you went io the theatre, and a little effort will drive them out'again." But oven as he spoke, and as we crossed the street. which skirted the rear of the Opera house, we saw a dense crowd collected round the stage- door, and soon gathered from the scraps of conversation around us that Signor 1 Dihnarelli had been accosted, upon leaving the 1 theatre, by a low woman, who had not only claimed him as an old friend but had assaulted him upon his repudiating the acquaintance. t' The .traps os taken 'er off to chokey l" shouted one delighted gamin to another, and in a feweminutes two constables made their way through the throng, dragging between then-s-truggling, yelling and blaspheming- 0Glia Nasiloviteh. ' " I 'thought as much," said the Count, as, having seen them disappear into the neigh bouring police-onfice, we pursued our way to the railway-station, whither Walter and Paola had preceded us. S ; (To be contoin?ed.) 