ITEMS OF NEWS. ON Sunday afternoon a heavy thunder- storm burst over the town, the rain descend- ing in torrents for about a quarter of an hour. A high wind also raged. Towards the south there were indications of heavy thundering, and we learn that at Hanging Rock rain fell as if a waterspout hail burst. Strange to say, only a few drops fell at Pomingalarna, while at Oura no rain at all fell. The rainfall here was 35 points. The heat yesterday way again very oppressive. THE adjourned annual meeting of the Progress Committee was held in the assembly room of the Mechanics' Institute yesterday evening, and we were glad to notice the attendance was larger than at the meeting previous, a very great number of persons being present, and much interest was manifested in the proceedings. Mr. Croaker occupied the chair. The Chairman said the business of the meeting was simply the election of a committee for the ensuing year. Mr. Copland proposed, and Mr. Fox seconded, that Messrs. Leyshon and Anderson act as scru- tineers ; carried. Mr. Gowlland proposed that the ballot close at 9.30 p.m. Mr. P. Moran seconded the resolution. The ballot was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows:—Messrs. Copland 39, X Fox 39, F. W. Gowlland 26, — Martin 37, S. Minchin 36, J. Mitchelmore 36, P. Moran 38, J. J. M'Grath 31, P. Rogers 40, John Walsh 38, B. Bennett 37, W. G. Evans 35, W. J. Taylor 41, H. G. W. Duggan 41, K. Clayton 29, W. Burgess 31, R. J., Mitchell 33, Dr. O'Connor 34, J. Reynolds 33, P. J. M'Alister 30. WE learn that Mr. Bowker, clerk in the stores of Messrs. Lorimer and , Martin, died lost week in Victoria, the firm having re- ceived a telegram to that effect on Friday night last. Mr. Bowker had also been in the employ of Mr. F. Roper previously. It appears the deceased went to Victoria for the benefit of his health, and had been advised to take Turkish baths, which, it is said, were too severe for his enfeebled constitution. DR. Watson, alias Bray, the person who victimised several tradespeople in this town by means of valueless cheques, was brought up again yesterday on a similar charge at Albury. It appears be went into the shop of Mr. Goetz, jeweller, and obtained a gold chain and locket, together with a silver watch, and a set of studs, and tendered in payment a cheque for £7 13s, on the Bank of New South Wales, Melbourne. He was sent to trial at the next Quarter Sessions. A Goulburn correspondent sends us the following :—Some short time since a house was advertised to be let, with garden and every convenience, rent nominal, to a re- spectable family, who would take care of the premises. The house was some little distance out of town, and was temporarily occupied by an old dame termed caretaker, who, as soon as the house was let, lost her situation and her 10s. per week for looking after it. A resident of Goulburn, thinking the house a suitable one for his family, and further that it would be good exercise for himself to walk to and, from his office every day, went to inquire particulars of the old lady who was in charge, who informed him that no one would live in the house but her self, because it was haunted. "Ghosts !" inquired the gentleman, "Have you seen them ?" Oh no, my child," was the reply, "but exactly at, 12 o'clock at night all the bells commence ringing in the house, and keep on continuously for an hour or two. Several people have taken the house, but none stop." This however did not deter the gentleman from taking the house. Exactly at 12 o'clock the first night the new tenants were in the house the bells were heard ringing, which so frightened the female members of the family that they screamed "Murder !" The next night a watch was set, and when the bells com- menced to ring, the cause was at once ascer- tained. The caretaker was found pulling vigoiously at the wire outside, and having been caught and admonished not to come there again, was allowed to depart. The place, which was known as the "Haunted House," is now occupied by a clergyman." A CONTRETEMPS which is said to have had its origin over the late municipal election in Newtown, is reported to have taken place, in which a well-known resident is threatened with an action for libel. It appears that one of the friends of the rejected candidate, smarting under the chagrin of being defeated, made use of very derogatory language about two of the supporters of the successful candi- date. The news was conveyed at once to the two whose characters had been defamed, and one of them went straightway to a local sad- dler's and purchased a gentleman's very heavy riding whip. Returning to Newtown, and en- tering the House of the alleged calumniator he inquired if the latter was alone. The enraged ratepayer was about to bring the weight of the newly-purchased whip down upon the head of his maligner, when he appealed piti- fully for mercy, and, assured the would-be flagellator that he was not the man that made use of such language as was alleged. By this means he saved his back from "many stripes." Later on, it was ascertained for a fact that the language was made use of, and the two friends in distress then consulted an attorney, who advised them both to sue for damages in three figures each, which course has since, we learn, been adopted. WE notice that several now buildings are being erected on the hill on the eastern side of the railway station. This locality promises ere long to become thickly populated, and were owners content to take a little less for the land in question, the hills would soon become dotted with residences of a substan- tial character. Mr. F. G. Plunkett, formerly postmaster and storekeeper of Little Billabong, who re- cently purchased the property of Mr. D. Weir, of Clarendon, has taken possession, and has removed his penates to his new home. Mr. Broadhurst was thrown from his horse on Saturday last, and sustained a severe shaking. He was unable to conduct the services at St. John's on Sunday last in consequence. Mrs. Commins very kindly and ably took place at the organ. AN inquest was held yesterday morning at Mrs. Soutars hotel, North Wagga, on the body of a man named Jager or Geager, a carpenter. The deceased was addicted to habits of intemperance. He had been into town and was within two or three hundred yards of home when he was seen by the son of a neighbour rolling about the ground in a state of drunkenness. The boy reported the circumstauce to his father, who does not appear to have been much moved, for upon hearing the boy's statement that a drunken man was lying on the road the father directed the children not to go near him, which in- junction seems to have been obeyed. The lad reported to his father the next day (Sunday) that the man was lying in the same place. Mr. Byeman then became interested, and found the body of Jager quite dead. The matter was then reported to the police, and the inquest held yesterday resulted in a verdict of death by apoplexy. ON Friday night last as William Brown, the guard of the goody trains, was joining up some trucks his right arm got caught between the buffers, and the whole of the muscles of the forearm at the elbow joint were torn away. Brown was conveyed to the Railway Hotel, where his wounds were dressed. We learn that he will be removed to the hospisal to-day. THE municipal works committee held their first meeting on Saturday last, and prepared their report for the next meeting of the council. We learn that Mr. Surveyor Shep- pard was present, and submitted a list of contracts now being carried out, and a list of those works urgently requiring the at- tention of the council. WE learnt late last night that the body upon which an inquest was held yesterday at north Wagga, and which was then in an advanced state of decomposition, was still lying at Mrs. Soutar's Hotel stable, the stench from which was so horrible that all the residents round about had to leave their dwellings. The question arises, who is to blame for this gross negligence. A meeting of Catholics was held in St. John's schoolroom, West Maitland, for the purpose of arranging for a suitable reception to Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, who is expected to arrive from Europe shortly. The Very Rev. P. Hand, V.G., occupied the chair. The meeting was addressed by Mr. J. J Riley, ex-Mayor, Alderman Hyndes, Messrs. P. Bourke, Cr. Maher, J. M'Laughlin, H. Monaghan, J. Enright, R. Ewens, J. Lennon, M. Murray, W. T. Moore, and J. J. Callaghan, und it was unanimously resolved that an ad- dress and testimonial should he printed to the Bishop on his arrival. A committee representing the whole diocese was appointed to carry out arrangements. A subscription- list was opened, and a good amount sub- scribed. A MEETING of the Cootamundra Cricket mull wIW held at Tatter.-jaUs ou Wednesday light last (says the fivraii() nt which a challenge from Wagga Wagga to play for the Cox cup was considered. It was agreed ihat tho challenge be accepted for bntuul.iy, tile 18th March. AT the annual meeting of the Church Society of the diocese of Goulburn, held last, week, the Rev. Bishop Thomas referred at some length to the above beneficent insti- tution for nmolioruiing the temporal and spivhusil eonditioa of aboriginals, which 13 situated on the Murrumbidgee, about one hundred miles from Wagga Wagga. Having given some interesting detail*. tvnd expressed. his warm interest in this missionary under taking, which ho had visited, 1 ho rev. spcakor stated that the sum of £200 was required to. release the mission from it a present embar rassments. Archdciieon Pownall, who hnd recently vi-ited the station.-reported. that it, w»9 absolutely neccssury thrit I he clerical ..... superintendent. tho Kcv. J. B. Cribble, should take a lengthened-rest to enable lmn to recover from I he great, strain of mind and , body he had endured for nearly two years. Meantime ibey must endeavour to, find help, for the overseer and matron, Mr. Geo. Bridle and his sister, that tl,0 work might. be con-;, tinned; if; God will--.with .unimpaired vigour.;: Last week it was hisprivilege.to send thenva < plough1, und : harrowVdnd ull tho aecompani- < monts to enable them to till the ground^for the'«upport of; the mission, as it was' desired to load-them;tO:turn to profitable aceount tho 000 acrcs already obtained from tho Govonw ment, oa well as the? 400 acres that, have been promised- Tho Warangesda Mission, Jio beliovcd, was to bo convoyed to tho following . trustees s !Messrs. A; Stuart, M.LiA,-, 12.« H.r A Allen, J. H. Douglas, M. UA.t G, Uehdon, iind the Ven.'Arohdeacon Pownall. ???!? ? Tjib report that tho Rev. leather Slattory would again be stationed ut J?iunut, proves, (says the Titties) to bo crronons. Tho sue* ccssor of the late lamented leather Twomey, ?we learn','is the He v. P. Tiuvke, of Crook well,, who has been appointed to the charge, in conj unction' with Father Curlcy, of tho; ltoman Catholic mission at Tumut. In* referenco to tho arrangement for limiting to 500 words press messages sent at a reduced rate from ono part of tho colony to another, tho S, M. JleraUl learns that the restriction has become necessary in consequcnee of tho serious intcrcfercucc with^ the transmission of other messages for which full rates arc paid. The conccssion wns made to the press some time ago, on condition that its cheap messages should be transmitted at a time convenient for the telegraph department ; but recently the privilege has been nrcssed unfairly by some who have insisted upon having their messages sent through in tho busiest part of the day, when the lines were fully occupied with the transmission of com mercial and other teicgrams paid for at full rates. The public complained about their messages being detained while some country newspaper was receiving several thousancl words, thus keeping one circuit for several hours, and shutting off communication from 20 -stations. It is in these circumstances . that the Government have found it necessary to limit press messages .during tho day and at the reduced rate to 000 words. ;; . Mil. James, tho hydraulic onginoor hu9 been out to arrango for a water-supply for 'femora, and was happtly snccessful nvthucarrying out of his mission, Ho purchased a dum of sovon thousand yards excavation, known us 0'3han nassy^ dam, and bus reeommenden tho.con-.: strucUon'of a large dam throO'quurtcrs of - a - mile west1 of /tho.town, at tho/Toot of.a-.iango to form tho rain catchment.- Between thoso two reservoirs. the town will have a good supply once.they ore fillod. At a mooting on, Tuesday night oF tho Tomora Progress Com mittee (Mr. \V. Somplo; chairman) Mr. James1 scheme was submitted . and unanimously ap proved, thero being no dissentient..: In Ooota mundra, Mr; James; has put down anothor ? shaft about thirty foot deop; on tho ei-cok- at Hurley's springs, and thoro is. now 'JO foot of good water in it.- ISvory shaft stink goes to show that tho wholo of the-ilut and slopes abutting on* the creek are surcharged with, water, and a nover«faihng :supply may be had;. from this source. '. SOME months since, during a. visit to Mel bourne, Mr. W. - J: Watson, of Young, pur chased four finely-bred greyhounds, of tho celobratod ."Master; M'Gratlv,. blood. . Under- . caroful treatment' they: were- growing into very promising animals, and muelvpmed by their owner. Somo few days sinco two .of ; :thcm;-took ^sielcj with 1 every symptom, of poi*omng, but no suspicion being oxeitod, . nothing was .said'Of .thoJoss. . On Tuesday . morning lust a third was uttucked in a similar way, and. after lingering for 14. or. 15 hours, .m extreme agony/ died. ? The stomoch was .: examined, utid distinet evidence of, stryclmino .presented. .* W.hoi perpetrated so / dastardly and wanton an uet has not yot been dis ; covered ; but Mr;; Watson offers a reward oE G50 for such information as-will onablohiin to lay hands on. t he seoundrcl.^- A daylight, robbor is 'a gentleman compared- with stieli' snoaking, stab-m-tho-dark wrotehes, and it is \- to bo hoped tho offendor may j*ot bo trpcod. On Wednesday a sad accidont:occurrcd on. the Macquario at iWelliugtoii, with tho loss of a life. From what can he-glcaucd, Mr. Chauticy, jun., and Ml\ Fai'noll woro oafc rowing with- two -young girls,= viz., Annio Wilson who is in tho employ of All's. Chauncy, aud Fauuio Joyce in tho employ of Mrs. Daniels. After being out a short time Miss Wilson'.wanted to row, und in changing ploces capsixed the boat, leaviug them all atruggling in the water. _ Farncll, being a good swimmer, managed with some difliculty to save Miss "Wilson. Mr. Chauucy was not so fortunate in his attempt at saviug Miss Joyce, who caught hold of him, aud they were both submerged, Chauncy having some dilliculty in freeing himself from her grasp. Tho girl was drowned. At the inquest a verdict of accidental death from drowning was returned. - 4 News was received in Cpbav recently. (writes a Coba'r correspondent) that-a young lady, of about IS. years ,of ago, had been severely burned at Buckwaroou station, about 40 miles from Cobar. Immediately tho information was received, Dr.. Geldard started1 witli all possible speed for tho place, but in spite of all his efforts tho unfortunate girl died;'"having received'most fearful in juries from the flames. It appears that she was burning some old letters outside tho house, and her dress caught fire by some means or another. Seeing this and heariug her screams, thrco or four of the men about tho place endeavoured to put tho fire out by dragging ofl* her burning clothing; but as alio would not allow them to remove tho burning underclothing, their cflorts wcro without success, and tho eonsctjucnco was that slie was most soverely burned. Two of the men were also badly burned about tho hands. Dr. Geldard was not immediately sent for, as her friends did not think tho in juries were so severe, but when they saw tliat she was sinking fast, they despatched a messenger into Cobar at once. "When tho doctor arrived he saw it wns a hopeless case, aud that he could not save her, even if ho had been sent for at the first. The deceased young lady had not long been at the station, having arrived there only a short time previous as governess to the children of Mr. Shelley, the manager of the station. The Political Kuform League of Now South Wales, a few days ago, iuviicd Mr. Graham lieny, Ex-Prmier of Victoria, to visit. Syd ney.* Mr. Berry has accepted tho invitation, and will arrive in Sydney somo time in April. A public meeting will, it is oxpeeted, be held, at which Mr. Berry will deliver an address. The manner in which ho is to be welcomed will form the subject of consideration at tho League's next meeting. SuiMNsrKCTojt Kerrigan, with Senior»con stable Tysoe and Constable O'Neill, seized an illicit still at. Goodwood Inland, near lluka, Grafton. Tito plant was ready for work, but it had not commenced the manufacture of spirits. The still was hidden in a dense sorub. Two tons Of sugar wcro found on premises adjacent. Two men, William Magher and Alexander Boyd, will be proceeded against, tho still being found on land occupied by Magher, and the sugar in a house tenanted by Boyd. 