A MODEL FATII BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of " A Life's Atonement," " Joseph's Coat," &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the authorJ All rights reserved. [Through an error in the MSS. supplied ta us a portion of Chapter XIV., which we pub* lished yesterday, was omitted. Having since received the missing portion, wc re* publish the chapter in its complete form.] Chapter XIV. In the year 1S79, at the Mudpool Hall o£ Thespis, Mr. Pelham Vane appeared in a round of Shaksperian characters, and attracted some attention among the local playgoers. There were Mudpoolians who had been to London, and there were some of these who had seen the great actors of the present and the past. At the Mudpool Hotel these gentlemen discussed the style of Mr. Pelham vane, and had various opinions as to the school to which that tragedian be longed. He reminded one or two of Macready—it was generally conceded that his manner was mellower than that of Mr. Phelps—and reminded others of the great Montgomery Bassett. Mr. Pelham Vane when seen off the boards was elderly and seedy. He was attired in black broadcloth, greasy at the shoulders and white at the seams, and his linen was com monly dingy enough to justify its owner's desire to shroud it in obscurity. His lips looked bibulous, and his nose was of a pur plish red, whilst his cheeks' and chin were of a dirty plum-color with many years of close shaving. He had a very deep bass voice, and a pompous manner, and he talked a good deal about the better days he had seen. It was evident that he was a person of some education, mid when he had a little too much to drink he would brag of the great acquaintances he had owned upon a time, and the triumphs he had achieved upon the London boards. There were people in Mud pool, as there had been elsewhere, who had faith in these legends, and there were people who had not. Party feeling ran more than commonly high on the Saturday night which saw Mr; Pelham Vane's last performance of " Macbeth" in the town of Mudpool. Things had been so prosperous during the past fort night that not merely did the theatrical ghost walk on that particular evening, but the manager, who was honest according to his lights and means, paid up some portion of old arrears. Mr. Pelham Vane walked ponderously into the bar parlor at a quarter to eleven o'clock, buttoned to the chin, and wearing a hat of suspicious gloss. " Good evening, gentlemen," said Sir. Vane. The company murmured a respectful answer, the faces of the guests wore a vacant ah", and their eyes looked anywhere rather than at Mr. Vane. That gentleman's arrival had put a sudden finish to an animated dis cussion upon his artistic style, his personal bearing, and his antecedents, and for a moment the Mudpoolians, who were not a rapid people, had no other topic ready. Riper, the miller, a sober man enough as a rule, had somewhat exceeded in his potations, and in those circumstances was apt to play the hard-headed fellow, not to be put down by clamor, and determined to express his own convictions. His compeers had been content to let him talk noisily to himself in a corner until now, and Riper, observing the lull, but being too . far gone to take cognisance of its cause, addressed the conclave. " Ifoio you'll listen to reason." said the miller, with a corkscrew mofr r of the thvnuLv " Basnet? He's no more liko 'Goia-ry Basket: than I am—no more like than chalk s like cheese." Mr. Pelham Vane turned and surveyed the speaker with a startled look, and it was plain to everybody except the drunken miller that the actor recognised himself as the subject of discourse. "'Gomery Bashet," pursued Mi*. Riper, rejoicing in the silence, and feeling that he had . at last secured an audience, "was the very finest actor ever lived. That's what he was. And. as for this feller, why " Mr. Story, the ironmonger, drove an accidental elbow into the miller's ribs, and Mr. Riper, who was quarrelsome in his cups, changed his theme, and heaped abuse upon his neighbor. The onlookers breathed more freely. There was at the Mudpool Hotel, as there generally is in these cases, a curious mixture of contempt and reverence in the mental atti tude of the habitues towards Mr. Pelham Vane. There was something, beyond doubt, of the vagabond and the nomad about him, and the Mudpoolians knew well enough why he buttoned his coat so closely. And yet there was a divinity that hedged him, and in a dim sort of way they looked on him as an artist. He was not wholly respectable, but he could* do something which they could not do, and he had had experiences beyond their narrow sphere, and something of the glamor of the parts he playcd.still hung abouthim, seedy as he was. "Scotch whisky hot, Mr. Povey, if you please," said the tragedian, in tones that filled the room, and left a mellow tinkle among the glasses on the shelves.- There was silence again, and the magnificent shabby man turned to the miller. " 1 believe I heard you make a very complimentary reference just now to my old friend Montgomery Bassett, sir," he said. "May I ask where you saw him play ?" " I don't know what that's got to do with you," returned the miller. " I beg your pardon, sir," said the player. " I was under the impression that I addressed a gentleman." "That serves yon right, Riper," said the ironmonger, and an affirming murmur went round the room. "Not as I mind answering the question," said the miller, feeling himself in a marked minority. " I seen him in Southampton the last time he played there. And I say again —meaning no offence to anybody—he was the best actor as ever lived, bar none. And what J say, I stick to." Now there was in this an intentional and obvious insult to the player, and one of the company tried an emollient. " Present company is always excepted." "I don't except nobody, past nor present," .the miller, obstinately. " What I say is, the h.te 'Gozsery Bashet was finest actor ever was in the world." " I am proud to hear you say so, sir,': eriea the player in his ponderous tones. "Bassett was my dearest friend." The miller looked at him with scornful incredulity. '' I am proud to hear you say so, sir," said the player again. "Another Scotch hot, if you please, Mr. Povey." _ When one came to look at Mr, femam Yane one found signs of wreckage by drink upon him. When he lifted his glass to his lips his hand shook terribly, and his eyes gloated on the glass before he drank it with a whisky and-watery gleam. " ?Gomery Bashett," said the disagreeable miller, "was a gentleman." '' He was, sir," assented the player. '' One of nature's noblemen." " He'd have scorned to have come anear a place like this," said the miller. " He could ha' kep' his carriages and his horses if he'd ha' minded to." "He had a soul above ostentation," said ■Mr. Pelham Vane. "He'd got a soul above you," said the drunken miller. " You a friend o' 'Gomery Bashet's? Why, he wouldn't ha' looked at you." The player made a step forward, with his right hand clawing at the breast of his tight •buttoned, threadbare coat. " This is the first occasion," he said, in his slow-rolling noble tones, ." on which I have heard poverty and misfortune insulted in the presence of an assemblage of English gentle men." " Piper," said Mr. Bonner, the linen-draper, " if you don't know how to behave yourself, there's them as does." Gall, the saddler, stated audibly that he blushed for Kiper. "And I hope, sir," said Mr. Gall, addressing the player, " that youll have one with me, sir, if it's only to take the taste out of your mouth." "I thank you, sir," said the play-actor. "Scotch hot,(Mr. Povey,;if you please. I •have the pleasure of taking it at this gentle man's expense." The host handed him the mixture, and he bowed round, glass iu hand. " Gentlemen," he said, " I hope, as sweet Will hasit, that we shall drink down allunkindness. So far as I am concerned, I can assure you that no praise of my dear old friend Bassett. can .■offend me. I knew him, gentlemen, in his boyhood. I watched his dawning genius. I stood by him in the hourof his success, and to me alone is entrusted the secret of his retreat. I was, and am, so-poor-as you see me, bis . bosom friend." "Look here ! • I, don't-care !" cried Ithe drunken miller, rising, and struggling with .the friends who endeavored to keep him down, " I'm not a-going to sit still all night long and hear this feller bounce and brag and talk -nonsense. Him a friend- of Bashets? I tell you to your face," he cried,, shaking his fist at ithe player, " he wouldn't ha' r looked at you, or spoke.toyou, or .anything like you. -.Don't •tell me." i Mr. Pelham' Yane--sawi^hat the general . feeling of the assembhvge was . with -.him and against themillcr.- He.feltthat it would cost but little to he courageous. "It would ill become a -friend lof fMont gomery Bassett's; gentlemen,"he .said- there fore, " to wrangle in his name-in. the;-parlor • of a public hostelry. Scotch hot, Mr. -Povey, i if you please." : A hand: waslaid upon ihiin from behind. " Thanks,-dear boy. . At this gentleman's expense; Mr.:Povey." A commercial: gentleman from London? a joung-man :of much esperibnee .of.life; and • highlyrcspcctcdinMudpeobfor.-hisi business snd-his -social qtialities?-was seen at this^junc nue to draw forth a memorandum book and to scrawl a line upon a blank page. This he tore out, and having folded it, threw it across to the drunken miller. " Can't make it out," said the miller to his neighbour. " Wa33 he say ?" The neighbor, with raised eyebrows, gazed at the brief scroll and whistled. Then he whispered behind his hand to the miller, and the miller laughed scornfully. .." I say, mister," he cried, reaching out a hand towards the player, "perhaps you'll say you are Basket in a minute. There's a cove in the room to hack you." The actor glanced round swiftly, and for a moment his watery glance rested on the young man from London, but he said nothing. "That Bashet I" cried the miller. "Juoak at him!" For once in his life Mr. Riper created a sensation, and every man in the room stared from the actor to him, and from him to the actor. Mr. Pelham Vane, adding a little cold water to his grog to reduce its temperature, took it at a gulp and pushed the glass towards the landlord. It was noticed afterwards how pale he grew, and how his hand shook at thi3 juncture. " That's Montgomery Bassett, is it!" cried the miller jeeringly, with his head craned Dver the table in the direction of the com mercial man from London. "Yes, sir," thundered the player's voice, "I am Montgomery Bassett. Myself am Naples. Ruined by the devices of my only child, cast forth so low that wrens make prey where eagles dared not perch! I thought my spirits were stronger than my shames, but I am vanquished." And the great tragedian, turning, flung his arms on the mantlepiece, and dropped his head upon them, scattering a pot or two, and making havoc with a dozen of long church wardens. The company sat and stared at all this with a look at once amazed and guilty. The saddler was the first to recover, and he rising from his seat, put his hand in his pocket, and withdrawing it, dropped some thing with a jingle in the landlord's palm. Then he cast his head, with a shamefaced, sidewav nod in the direction of the fireplace, over which Sir. Montgomery Basset leaned with heaving shoulders, and with another shamefaced jerk, directed to the company at large, he took himself out of the room. The ironmonger rose also, and from his pocket drew a something which jingled into the landlord's palm. Then arose the drunken miller and went through the same pantomime, and in a minute or two the room was clear of everybody but Mr. Mont gomery Bassett and his landlord. Mr. Bassett's shoulders were still heaving convul sively, and his bead was still resting on the mantelpiece amid the debris of the long churchwardens, when the landlord touched him on the arm, and the actor, slowly gathering himself into an erect posture, picked up his hat, and with one hand cover ing his eyes began to grope his way from the room. "Before you "go, sir," said the landlord, feelingly; "it's an inappropriate moment, sir, but it may be the only one, and the gentlemen of the town, sir, who have seen your performances, sir, desired to present you with a little testimonial, sir. The sums are here as I received them, and perhaps if you will buy for yourself, sir, some little remem brance of the place—a pin, or a ring, or any thing of that sort that may please you—you will fulfil the intentions of the subscribers, sir." The landlord had never been so quick witted in his life before, and the little false hood might not be charged very heavily in the account against him. Mr. Montgomery Bassett's outstretched hand accepted the money-the landlord slipped into it, and a minute later he was gone. Mudpool saw him tio more, and if his landlord found the little bundle of soiled linen a poor payment for a fortnight's rent, why, everybody knew how disturbed the great tragedian had been by his unexpected recognition, and nobody thought very ill of his forgetfulness. {To be continued.) 