LADIES COLUMN. CHIT-CHAT. Among the contents of the two' last months magazines, tho item of decidedly most iutorost is contained in tho Nineteenth Contury for November, in tho shape of Mr Tennyson's new poem, Despair.- Thc-story told in verso of tho two, husband and wife, who, having lost thoir ; hold on religion, -wandor in -tho muse of doubt and darkness on the sands, seeking death in tho « fast advancing waves, is'so forcibly, and yot so beautifully told, that fow could road it nn. moved. It' seems a different world from tliatof . flowers and sunshino, whero this poet generally leads ns, and in its expressions of doubt ami dos pair sound the deepest, if perhaps tho darkest depth in tho hutuan heart. Tho ending, though sail, loaves- a moro satisfied feoling on the mind as, tho wife who suffers from a fatal complaint is drowned, and the husband icscnod by ono who leads him to bettor truth. Tomple Bar contains in its November number, in addition to the continued stories, Kith and Kin, and tho Freres which keop.np thointorcst, and particu larly the latter, in its pictures of Ger man life ; .portions of two short tales neither of which is very good and an interest ing sketch on Edward John Trelawny, which is very enjoyable. Court Ncthorlcicdi, in tho Argosy, approaches .to a close, bringiug in this numbers according to MrsWood's usual custom one who is su pposed to bo dead, back to lifo. A . very interesting sketch is ono 011 MrsSiddons, tho celebrated actress, in her early life. Three . short stones are also contained in this num bers-Colin Clout, What -came of It, and tho White Woman of Slaitli ; tho latter a strange, wild legend. The -December number of the Queen is -full of -sketches of much interest, containing, in addition, tho usual amount of information on dress and needlework, n pretty tale, and many articles on tho different events of Christmas-tide— ono I much enjoyed was on robin red-breasts and tho legends con nected with them, Ono explanation givon of their red-breasts being, that when tho crown of thorns pressed heavily on our Saviour's brow a tiny bird strove , to raise the cruel prickles, which entered hisownsoft breast as he pressed against them, and drew blood which stained it crimson. The deep red stain always remained, and was his imipunity from ill- usage always, as it is well known no other bird, however-savage, will harm a robin red breast. Doubtless this legeud is as fanci ful as it is pretty, but for some reason these tiny creatures are particularly favored. One rhyme tells us, 41 Ho who shoots a robin, his hand will never prosper by sea or laud another — The robin. and the Jenny wren Are God.Almighty's cock and hen. I spent a most -enjoyable, oveuing last week at Hudson's Theatre, at tho representation of Les Cloches de (Jorneville by the troupe of children acting there, the only drawback being the feeling that the little ones ought more properly to have been in bed. How- ever tho half guilty feeling of enjoying their .acting soon passed away, more particularly as they seemed to enjoy it themselves so 'thoroughly. The pretty little opera seined particularly suited to children's acting, being so un-French-liko in its plot, and details, whUe full of pretty airs and music. Though invidious to praise any where all were "so food, the acting of berpolotte (Miss 3May 'ollard), Gaspard, the old miser, (Master Salinger) and the Baffin, (Master Shehan), the miser, as- after his tright iu the haunted castle he wanders through the village, being so good as to inako ono Forget it was a child carrying it eut. Though some few not com prehending the piteous despair of the darkened mind vainly searching in itself for a link from the past, laughed at the refrain, which always ended the reflections, most were moved at the sad spectacle so well pourtrayed. . The old Bailie in his comic pomposity, would have . . moved the gravest person to hearty laughter, the more absurd from bis size; while Serpo- lette in her trained satin gown was the low- born chatelaine to the life. The dresses were all fresh and pretty, the Marquis of Corneville, (Miss Maud Pollard), and the tiny Germaine (MissSymonds) looking extremely pretty. The prettiest airs arc do. cidedly the Chimes of Corneville, Look-On That, and look on Tiiis, 'and the oue they sing as they fasten the unhappy Jean into the rumour to wait the coming of the ghost. All, however, were very light and pretty. All the children's voices were sweet and well trained, several— the two Misses Pollard and Master Osmond — possessing really fine voices. A pictuiesque scene was at the fair, where tho dance round the maypole is gracefully ' and lightly executed, looking so cnjoyablo as to make one long to join in the fun. ' Though not ver till after eleven, the performance seemed ery short from the enjoyment it had given. Beading a. most strangely worded notice .-mong ''Missing Friends" the other day, in a ewspftpor, made me think what hidden ro mances, deep sorrows, and strange stories lie oncealed in the corner of a newspaper that is .eldom: omitted to be perused by the most careless veaaer, wno wuiskim the articles, pass over 'town talk, and disregard politics altoge ther,- Perhaps it is a notice of the death of a father or mother, which looks pathetic, yot tells nothing of the agony of grief, the loneli ness and desolation which lie hidden in the words ; or the quickly read notice of a marriage, which speaks not at all in the mere words of the happiness of the two who are commencing life together, to share its griefs and joys, and be friends and comrades always ; or tho birth of a little child, that has brought much sunshine with it, or care and anxiety, which has cone into a home where two were growing cold and apart for the lock of warm baby fingers to clasp the'neck of each -to draw them nearer one another ; or -into one where the thought how another little one is to be kept is its greet ing. Equally, too, may romances lie in those notices, so incomprehensible to us, to missing friends, many of whom seem so straugely re luctant to return to be " forgiven." Here is one that surely tells a tale of a wife's patient bearing of neglect and unkindncss:— "Our little one i3 ill; come to see her. I will never feproacb you for the past. Mary." Or, is not a. whole love story in the words: — "John, I will bo at the old place to-night. Angelina?" To my mind there is something quite de licious in a romance which is carried on under the eyes of the whole world, yet known only to two : it must have a thrilling interest all its own. There is a notice from some distressed mother to a wandering son, which is generally addressed to Will— I wonder why Willies are generally such remarkably reprehensible young men, by-the-bye ?— who is implored to come home at once, in which it is easy to imagine the long, patient waiting; tho listening for a step that never comes : and the aching longing for the sight of the darling who, in the mother's memory, though doubtless long effaced by the lines of crime or trouble, Is wearing still on Ids fair, siveet face The ling'riug light of his boyhood's grace. A very simple yet most effective method of printing ferns may be achieved as follows: — Or- a nary writing paper should be soaked in salt and water, and when dried should be floated for a few seconds on weak solution of nitrate of. stiver; after which tho paper should be again dried. The fern should then be placed care fully on the paper, pressed firm with a piece of glass, and exposedtb the sun till the uncovered part of the paper is dark brown or black. The fern should then be removed and the paper soaked in water, then well dried, (in the water should be dissolved a solution of hyposulphite of sodium) for fifteen minutes. After the paper Ims been washed and soaked in water for ten or twelve hour's then dried, will be a perfectly photographed fern on its surface, white on a brown ground. Very pretty and artistic groups may be printed in this manner, looking ex actly as though photographed, if done on album paper. Groups may be done in scrap albums. Though Sunday is hardly the time for sight ' seeing for those whose week days are at their own disposal, still sometimes it is a treat to rouse oneself from the dolco far niente that seems to -pervade the later hours of that day, and watch the enjoyment of those to whom it is the only one of rest and recreation. Going to Bandridge on Sunday afternoon, the journey by rail, though a warm one from the number packed into each carriage, was most entertain ing, The number of people who, arriving with breathless speed, were thrust at the last minute in an already crowded carriage regardless of moans of anguish from owners of trodden toes and cxpressionsofwitheringconteinptfrom those whose dresses suffered from lock of space, added greatly to the mirth if not to the com fort of the expedition. The pier was a scene of , animation and bustle; while the httle steamer passed swiftly through the water to Williamstown bearinga mass of human beings, Miiny.jnado their way on board the various «hips lying at the side of the pier, though most tended toward its end, where it seemed a pity a /e\v seats were not plaoed, as standing was rather wearisome., I was intensely amused watching the progress down, the pier of some Todies and a. stout , .white poodk;- which res olutely lagged behind. One of theiadies. evid ently its mittress, kept an anxious ayo on its movements, interruptinean interesting remark Jscm hercQTnjvipibn to fly hack and ewitcbit' soundly nn, when fond calls of "Joseph, Josoph, lind failed, the creature evidently being1 deaf as well as half blind. Five tiny-, children coming to meet us looked like a flight of azure plumaged birds, being habited exactly alike in pale blue with granny bonnets. Host ing oh a seat, I overheard asorapof couversa-' tion between . two matrons, whoso children' played round them, which, was I thought, i-cry sensible. "And I told htm straight out, I. "don't know whatthoBunshinoandfreshairutare' given to us on Sunday for if itis'nt for theni to enjoy as can'tget a Mght of it other days; 'its me and my man's only holiday, and wo riso up- Monday mornings strong and willing to work, and thankful for our trip together on Sundays.11 Pages could easily be filled with descriptions,- but I 'must conclndo with an incident- I noticed. A pretty delicate looking boy .was the centre of a group of children, one of whom was lending him, for I saw to my mtonso pity lip was blind— blind to all tho beauty and radiance of the summer day that lay around him. His fate seemed too terrible until soft and sweet in tho distance came tho chorus of somohyinn sung, by somo gathering on tho snuffs floating near us, and L saw the chango tiiAt.passed ovor his face. Uncultured as tho singing was, it "was music in somo form, and Iits soul rose to greot it; so I passed on witli tho memory of his nuliant face, and the lupo that an art so loved would surely bring him tho. happiness withheld in other ways. Leaving tho sea, whose surface— ruffled now by crested waves, \vho«o bounding freedom gave one a delightful sense of tho fresh exhilaration of life— had beon like a lako of glass boforo, dreamy and calm, mirroring the sun's rays, and bearing the ships and boats almost motion-' less upou it, made it easy to imagine how pre ferable a seaside resort was to tho unvarying monotony of country scenery. Among tho uovolties introduced at home iu the way of liund-paintmg are glovos orna mented with it. These nro tho ordinary four or six-buttoned gloves, with sprays of lie were painted up the back or on bands round tho tops. They aye said to look very well, be sides being very fashionable; but I always fancy, the plainer gloves and boots are tnade, the more ladylike they appear, I saw some very pretty things the otucr day elaborately ornamented with hand -minting, which was beautifully done. Some wore scent packets made of white or light shades of satin; some small cushions and cards with scont packets attached. One was a receptacle for holding letters against tho wall, of black satin; between each pocket being sprays of flowers, paiutcd. Hand-painted curtains for drawing-rooms, it is said, nro being adopted; a bracket ante border of a gipsy table and curtains being painted to match 011 white velvet in a pattern of briar roses and ferns. Eire-screens are also very fashionable paiutcd on satin or velvet, ladies mounting them themselves by the aid of handles and mountings made on pur pose. LOUISE. 