ARE TJiE PEIESTHOoi) siNCEBE| /'/Many evangelical Christians arp/.-per-, Bnade' 'that the greater .part 'of ' the Roman '.Catholic .priesthood are wjaiitiug in , sincerity,1, arid do not ' tbemspj.yes felidvAin what they are commissioned to teach to '.others. 1 hat it mav be st), more or ltjss, m Protestant countries, is.' possible, but a's 'concerning the countries where the Roman system is dominant, and especially as concerning France, of which the clergy everywhere enjoy particular apd deserved consideration, we, believe that the clergy in general do not feel It jie least doubt with regard to the doctrines wBjch vthey preach in the name of Kopie.. How that comes to pass, and what, is the nature of that sincerity, it will not,, be difficult to explain. 11 '1 f ;'t'hetb_ be'ariy «ne point of. its orgah'- isat.ii'h( itf.''which';the/ Church/, of .Romp h(Vws ' herself | "'particularly skilful, it. is beyojid 'contradiction in the education' pf how'maryel lously everything is cPmbiued, in order tq fix firmly' in the intellect and affections of candidates for orders, what is called faith — faith, be it remarked, not in our Saviour, nor in Scripture, but faith in the Church herself : what precautions are taken to prevent a doubt from reaching the understanding, or to repel it victori ously if ever it should present itself there ! The principles inculcated in young candidates for holy orders, the lessons given to them, the hooks placed in their hands, every thing concurs and tends to the same object. And these operations are certain of success ; because they are directed against simple, unsuspicious souls, who; as it were, lend themselves of their own accord, without resistance, to the impressions. The seminaries are recruited, in fact, from the country districts. The pupils are, for the most part, children of the lower orders, who have attracted attention by their happy disposition, by their assiduity in attending religious ceremonies, and by the docility they display to the lessons of the, priests. When they quit their families to enter the first or lower semi naries, they certainly have hut little, knowledge of religion. This, however,: they know perfectly well '(for. they have been taught it from theirinfaney), -that in lorder to, be Christians) they must: believe firmly,: and .under . pain of damnation; (everything- which is believed and taught? by the . Roman Church' And as they have been equally taught that the Church means the parish priest, and every priest is approved by the bishop, they have an unbounded reliance in the word of the- Ipriest. The priest is in their eyes a man altogether beyond and above the rest of mankind ; :he. exercises over them all the ascendancy ;not only of learning! and ! virtue, of which they form to themselves a: very high opinion, but of a . celestial mission of a divine nature. They listen? to.himi as;the oracle of God, not admitting jthe possibility of his deceiving them,! oral? his deceivingjhimself : His lessons are.the? more impressive from .being- given with all ' the force of simple affirmations — That is so ;" " That is inot so." So far lis: this , .'carried,- that they have not even ,an idea of a religious discussion or con troversy. Even in the world, in which they, are received before their admission to the college, and where they again . appear from time to time during the .vacations,;. no discussion is ever 'heard upon these .subjects; By common agreed ment, ,in all Roman Catholic countries, the , study of religion is .considered the- , business ,. exclusively of the? priest : the believer has only to gather, at the foot of the. pulpit the fruits of that study!;;: The i few exceptions iwhich might be produced against;. this rule; would only serve to . establish its truth. . . Nevertheless, when the understanding : of the pupil of the seminary is a little more developed — -when he- commences'to. make use of his own judgment in the domain of. natural science— it sometimes ha ppens that .reason , endeavours to vindi- . cate her right to be heard in - matters of religion also, -and seeks to qualify the doctrine presented to her as alone, con taining eternal truth. But the confessor is ever at hand to guard his spiritual son 'against, thiB: dangerous snare. Reason! is silenced .as being merely the voice of pride ; ,or else deluded by ,the;;promise of having her suggestions examined, at another stage, during the term of study, at ;the, upper seminary. At last arrives the solemn epoch, in : iwhich the theological . education is com- . pleted— ran .epoch the most critical of all. I If the edifice of belief does not crumble i then, it is usually, fixed for ever. Every „ history which, is not in every point , in perfect harmony with the doctrine of : , Home is strictly forbidden. . Even Baillie's Treatise; on Theology, which was for? a; number of years almost; exclusively used in,, the, seminaries in France .has. been ; long since placed in the index of forbidden? . , works,, <on the ground ,. that .it does not i profess.,. Ultramontanism .with., sufficient, openness. This is the , doctrine. i which; imust, at, any sacrifice,. prevaiiii i. Whether, knowingly or not, the teacher do not: hesitate, with this object in view, to mis state facts., and to misquote texts. And? yet, .upon . thq slightest reflection,, howl flip»8y are .the .foundations: upon iwhicji is reared so colossal a structure !— how i weak the arguments !— how inconclusive , the evidence ! -. Well then, the ..circumstance which : $9- 8hak P. ,faith . of the neophyte is precisely., that which in most caseSj i 8,9LV$fl$0.-fi? if,; Takipg this proposition poiqf .. which tbeyn.4eefl9, qxqmp,t, /even ,, from, . the , , possibility - of, v'iz., ifiat . wfhate,ver ( is taught :ip' tge name pf Rome is, infallibly' true,, the, argumentilpypciepda.1thus " Reason,; is inadequate to demonstrate, such, or, such a trth ; ..,faith, therefore, ,, is a,, matter ripf necessity." And, closing their eyes, they precipitate themselves into the bosom of a faith justly called ;blind. It is an analogous reasoning to what is often repeated ,by sincere Roman Catho lics after visiting the eternal city. Deeply affected by the scandab of every descrip tion pervading pontiffs, they deduced from these very scandals a proof of the divine nature of the Church of Rome, and of the permanent protection afforded to it by the Holy Ghost, alleging it to he manifest that that Church could not, without such protection, exist for an, hour in the midst of such corruptions. Nor is this, all, although it would be something, no doubt, to have thus brought the young student in theology to admit; as a necessity this belief; in the Church. But, after having thoroughly impressed; the idea in his mind that a simple doubt kills faith — after having exhibited in the most hideous colours all who ; have, ever shaken off the yoke of Rome— then they extol beyond all measure the excellence of an, humble submission to the authority of the priest — or what they term ' foi de. charbonnier" faith of a charcoal burner —i.e., of an uncultivated, ignorant per son. Such a submission is incessantly placed before the pupil as the basis of all : virtue, .as- the source of ; every grace, and ; of, every flight ; < aud .the result is that the. neophyte," terrified and cajoled in turns, throws .himself unhesitatingly into, - the extremest opinions opposite to that from which .lie has been warned. Not only, does ; the shadow of a doubt terrify him—, hejfliea from it as he would from a serpent, of impurity. For this is another, rule incessantly impressed upon him, that temptations against faith are to be placed in, the . same catagory as temptations against chastity ; that the only, security, against such is in flight. Nay, he even goes beyond this— he at last comes to., love: faith, for itself, .and , for,:the love- of. faith to despise, I had almost said .to, hate, reason. He. persuades himself that there is. supreme merit, :in believing without, proof; he does not desire, to examine, or to ;be;conviuced by any examination- which he may make — he would rather . preserve all the. merits of an unreasoning assent. We read in the life of St. Louis Louis IX. of .France, that when some of. his courtiers came to .announce a miracle; which ho might have an .opportunity of (witnessing, /by which.-our, Lord showed himselL-visibly,: in the consecrated host, : under the form of a. child, the, pious monarch replied— -" Let -those who doubt concerning .the real; presence in the holy sacrament go and see .this .miracle ; for, myself, T ; believe/tin that Presence as firmly as if I saw it bodily with my, ieyes." I do , not hesitate to assert;: .that : thei majori ty of young ecclesiastics; on-, leaving the semi nary, would be disposed i tOf holdi. similar language under similar, circumr.; i stances. Such, is the state of. belief?. to which it is possible at length to arrive.by loilling that one should believe ; by con tinually; repeating to one's self " I be lieve." Population ot the, United States. — J In. revised report, of the Census Bureau states that the whole area includes' 2;900,170! square ! miles. ' The population - is 50.155,788. The number of families 9,945,916; ; and of dwellings 895;512. It- thus appears- that there is on .an . average ,17£ .persons ?to; jeach square mile.; ; Income , and Debt of Great Britain. —The Budget . / was , . in trod need into the II .use of Commons by Mr. Gladstone on April 24. 1882. He stated that: the income for the past year was £85,822,000, and the expendi t ure £85;672,000, leaving a surplus of ; £350,p00.;,;Tlie National Debt on March. 31, :1882; amounted) to £770,325,000., > A-ireduc-., tion , durjng the pas.t yeajof £17,159,000.,; It now . stands,, t £763,166,000. The,,r most,! important chnrges made pn tlie reyeriiie, con-, siBted 'of £31, 41 4', 672 interest on the national debt' ; £15,458,100 for the army ; £10,482,201 for- tlie iiavy. and ' £16,502,729 'for the civil '. 8ervice of, the country. : A Maori . Preaclier . in Lon- > don.— Si/me time ngQ;ia , Maori deputation, was ,sent from New Zealand, tp London for the purppse; of (aying their. grieyances before the .English Governiiient. One Lord's.- Day, as the, deputation proceeded, along a West End thoroughfare, they'were attracted by a crowd- around (a street 'preacher, and were deeply jimpresBed by: his. address. Hirini Laiwltanga, ;the jEngl.islirspeaking chief,- begged to -be : ; allowed to mount.the box, which -the preacher-: . had , , converted, , a , .temporary (platform'.; " Ty.dak-skinned . brpther cptno , . up," said thejcivil but' amazed. exponent of the. gospel. ' The"dark-skinned brother, forthwith i mounted tlieextemporized pulpit, and preached . very.' effectively.- He indeed astonished a-1 cro.wdi.of; languid Londoners in the' heart of ' ; the/W«8t/E.na:by. .a spirited) panegyric on -the: : blppsjngs of Christianity, and . minutelyi,d.e.-i spribeel its beneficent effects.upon jthjs, life, find 2 conduct of the aliorigineB;in New .Zealand. . \- decde in New South yyales.— In 1871, the population of the colony was 579,182'persons-;' Her revenue was £2,727.404' ; and - her' trade atnouiited- to 1 £20,854,540.; . In 1881 her -population .in- creased to 751,468 persons ; her revenue to £7,377,786 ; and her trade to £33,458,829. The trade inwards and outwards was in 1871 at the rate pf £40. 3s. 4d. per. head. In 1881 it averaged the rate of £44 10s. 6d. per bead. The revenue increased from £5 5s., in 1871 per head, to £9 16s. 4d., in 1881, or nearly double. An Egyptian Emissary.— Re cently Arabi Bey sent from Cairo to Constan tinople, Seyyid Ahmed Esad on a special em bassy. As the movementa and . influence. of . this mysterious personage- have,, already ex cited considerable interest.' it' rnny be'woll to explain briefly who he is.: -Hitherto' his-repu- tation has been confined ; to ecclesinstical matters. /.Though lie professes to. bp a Stjyyid or descendant of tlie prophet, lie'' is said, in reality, .to be of Turkislr origin-. He- lias -fei-' sided; J however, ; so? dniiolr ainong Arabians, that ho is now more 'Arab .than Turk. The greater part- of- h'is;(dife; -lias been spent at Medina; where, he'jyasi iittaclied as Cerrash to the Mosqiib'dn'i'whi|;li':tho'':'Prophot,8'c'bbHyii8i' interred.1 'Tlib 'word -Gerrasji means sweeper or servant : !but ' jfh 0' ! offi be Ma one of honour, and much1 coveted' by Mhssnlman dignitaries. Abdul HamidJ before his accession as Sultan, was a Cerrash ; but, as lie could not reside at Medina, he hiid to appoint a vekil, or substi tute, and his -choice fell 'on Ahmed' Esad. When he Vueceeded to the' throne his vekil naturally Uecatnp an -Important personage, and ever sipce that; tiine.Ahlned Esad had enjoyed extensive influence - in ecclesiastical affairs. It was, by his Tavbtir nrid protection that the ? present Slieikh til Islam was appointed and has been able to maintain himself at bis post, ;and it was at his request that lie was appoin ted the Slieikh ul Hurnm,- or guardian of the Prophet's toihb'/- When on his journey to Constantinople' He received from Arabi nn in- vitation to come to Cairo. He was treated .there witH great dionour, and was present at -the promotion "of the '? officers, when Arabi impressed 'upon them the duty of unbounded devotion to the Caliph.- On arriving at Con stantinople lie reported inost lavourably about Arabi and his friends to the Sultan ; and when the conspiracy incident; occurred, he was .secretly sent to Egypt on an important poli tical mission.-' His arri val coincided, curiously, with a sudden change in the attitude of the -Egyptian ministry.',' Arabi had consented, to retire and allowi the. Kliedive .to. ,form,a new Cabinet!; , but, after an:intorv.iew with Aiuried ;Esad, he suddenly , rcassumed his Aprevipus; jattitude of resistance.. . Such is the personage who has, brought; the latest confidential intel ligence; from .Egypt- to Constantinople,, and, no doubt, , .his, .intelligence , will " linve, .great, influence on. the' p'ojicy ot the SublimcTorte , at this trying, crjsis in its history. ? - Dedication of Of eat Paul.— The new bell in St. Paul's Oatlieilnir waB dedicated after the Anglican fashion. The different orders "of the clergy, with DK'Stainer, tlie organist, ascended by tlie grand staircase, accompanied, : by ;:;.tho ' choir... '.They.., passed along the corridor, ovef rthe soiitli aisle leading to the, belfry, and stopped at the entranco to tlm;narrow, windingi stairs: by, which, the upper pju;t|Qf ithe clock ; tqw.er, is reached.; : Tlie; ser- jvicei.was intoned .by, the .Rev. -Dr. .Simpson; the'rPreeentor; the;, choir 8ung. the13.bi.67s '29,)) and), 150th Psalms.;/, In .the special:, prayers iwhich followed, were - these'; sent.eiices.:,.''.© - ;evcrIa8tingT5od,„wliom no.man.hath.seen at ;any time, although thou dost speak to the souls of men through the -tilings that Thou hast made ; .receive, wg beseoch .Thee, .this Bell, which isVoffiired, l)y.:TKy''j>e6plo' for.'tlie service of Thy Holy Church, and bless ii, to the spiritual well-being ; of Thy servants',' tliat it jnay remind us of Thy presence in life and in death ' - ; ; . Grant; 0 Lord,; that whoso- lever -.by reason of ' sickness or?? any other' necessity, shull bo hindered from coming into ;tlie House of the Lord inuy, when he hears this LfieJheart; and, .mind ascend;, to .Thee, jand ;find' .jvi, tli, .Thee peace and comfort,' -throiigh; ; Jesus Christ our Lord." The li'y inn, " when .morning gilds the skies," was. sung, and ihe collect for St. Paiil's Day having been read, jthe blessing was then' given. Immediately the, deep note of Great Paul sounded if ull..and sweet, through ;the vaulted passage; and soon afterwards a joyous answer rang out from the peal. in the north. tower of ihe cathedral. Tlie Pope affrighted.— Whilst Leo XIII. was -'taking bis- usiial' drive in the gardens attached to the Vatican, his atten dants were startled by the report of a gun close at hand. The coachman at once whipped up his horses in a great fright, at the same time 1 shoutiug, " Help, , assassins." , jHetRen .turned,. round, and drove, at ful;speed into.the,! court- j'ard,, of . the Papul residence.,., Re jthus-, caused the. utmost coiiBteriiatidn amongst the guards, who instantly ran for; their Uriu'sjin alL Huste, and barred the gates withbut a'fnomenLs 1 -delay. Search: -was-' then? made fdrrt1ho'J8up- posed assassin, alb over: the- Vatican gardens;; when notliing could be found;i'soardh/was-pro-t, ceeded with on the, 0 1 li er;Ri;de ;o f -t 1 1 10 k boundary wall; attho place wli,erO|the,c,oachman allirned(; that .thq " shot wp (Le'ard." The, Inquisitors,, soon returned brinigi ng witli thetu adegd f at. It would' appear '.that the' adjoining oeciipant; is a vigneron, whose pastime is ,to rear rah- jbitsiji aidji just- as the Papal carriajge beared the limit ofitlie boundnr.ytwall;,he shotia large' catjhich had .oxcited-uhis ganger:. Ly, 1 Iier,; ; f.eflliailLrqbbqry .of his .young rabbits.: Verily, . infalljbjUtyvpn8t(.be,,ea8ily,,di8turbedf.>whcii at random , shot, can .oc.casion ; sjuchexcitpiuqnt. , i He 'should be calin in! t'ho -'moment bft'feKrj and', 1 ovinceThat his 'miiiri is at fdsi,;yvhilst disfufr":1 bance reigns abrbaili? 'Wiiuld iho't tlie Papistry, have been sadly worried if a cat liad upset the1 bark; of St.-Petor; wliicli ; is, supposed to be i eupernaturally protected ! I I \- Sir;, ,. Henry, . Parke9.Tr.W0 - .very much Regret .to .linil that. the. suoden illness ,of. Sir Henry Pnrkos. has /proved , so serious, that : we may put aside all hope of His being able soon to resume his official duties. Absolute rest arid quietness are the only chance fbr his life. The effect of his removal from the sphere of politics is likely to be very great. Mutli difficulty will be experienced in keeping together a strong Government, and if affairs dril't towards the old state in which balanced parties succeeded in obstructing business, and in riotliing else, there will be a long farewell to al l our prosperity. ' Two Romish Saints.— "I am shocked to say," writes1 the- Italian corres pondent of the 'Record, " how Italians journals record that Labre, one of first four sairifs recently canonized by the Pope, was'a'suicide, and that Alfonzo d'Orozco, the last beati fied, was the' intimate counsellor of that Philip II. who was so celebrated for his cruelty'and religious intolerance.1 Let your readers' imagine the effect which such words as the following produce on the Italian mind, yet they are are found in tlie- columns of the unimpeachable: paper' from which I' quote, ' " Wlien that Royal person (Pliilip II,) con- demned to death his' son, Don Carlos, 'it was the new; saint; that gave to the' father the treniendoushdvice." ." . 1 .''' WSiat will be liis Destiny.— An inyercnrgil.l Jpaper. nnnouiices. tlie' fact, 'that on the' 20tli July the wife; of r oneThpirias Patterson gave; birth to her fourteerith!'.'child,: a son;' to: be named William;- -Prince 'of Orange. It is to bo lioped that on liis'gfbw-- " 1 ing to inuturity hq will prove -loyal to Protes tantism; over ready, like- bis" royal namesake,; to defend its cause. Feminine Fpyalty.— Fifty: thou-: sand Uttiiatlian'wonieii liave signed an address congratulating- the Queen on- her eacape'from assassination. 1 The address \vas presented to the Marquis of Lorne, to be forwarded -to:Her- . Majesty;- -1 -1 Confusion at tlie Sliow.— There I. was a very large uoiriinittee under the- pre-: sidency of Dean Sheridan to order 'all tilings.! 'Those who paid thoir- pouud were at -'first; given a choice of seats. " You. pay your pound and you take your . choice." Very; , well— hrit' by and" bye the" 'priests wanted to: tui-n tho ladies out' of. tliesri'seats after the; others had all been hllbd ; -so that they would! have given their pound tor nothing They did! , not see it ; and tlie priests lost their temper andi behaved rudely. The ladies then refused to- move, and one of thorn said to tho cleric; " You are a very rude man.-' Served liiinj ; right'too. -. Tlie ..Queen's Fnglisli.— The! Biilleiih ishioLhing it. not critical. This . is its: style of impfoving tlie death of a Mr. Brown,, a wealthy squatter— " Had lie have had to work for his living, liu iniglit be alive now." " Had lie have had !" Has the Bulletin recently been studying the Murrumburrdh Signal or the St. Leonard's Recorder? ' The Accuracy of tlie Even ing; News.— On WeduesdayY this, instruc tive print explained its' t'blegrain; fespectirig; the attack and repulse of Arabi's Egyptians as if it were a smalj .victory for them. It turned out to bo an advance in foi-ce'Wi th thirty guns; whiplv was repulsed; by | 'tlie sixtieth - rifles, lv the1, eighty -f oufthi,regimeritVI, arid-f, tlie- marines.- A" repulse is ' a' peculiar ; kind, of victory. "!M; ' 1 --v1 ; ' Revereucl.— Concerning the adjective " reverend " as1 'a i"prefi3cr''fo;'!aVhterymari's- -nanio : 'there is a1 qimirit Void folio, published during tho Pfpthctoratp! : This. is The. Com plete:1 Gliristiau Dictionary, " heguiV by '" that Famous 'arid1, Worthy- Man'of God, ' Mr.'Tb'ohias Wilson, Minister of the1 Ward at St; Gcbrge's, Canterbury,1 and one . of the ; See! Preachers there." -No.1'" Roveientl " herri,. iri Cliyer's time ; but, ! perhaps, a slightly' trio'Tibefal 1 allowance rili spirilunl pride. ' "Curate,"' in . the1 " Complete': Christian Dictionary," , is omitted altogether ; and; as regards ". Bishop," Mr. Wilson rlocs not omit to tell us that' the word first signified a Clerk , of trie7 Market. ;Ori! trie cuckoo tlie lexicographer is'shockirigly severe. " It's of "all 'fowls the most u'npro- 'fitable, fearful, cold,1 weak,1 and uiitliankfiij. It thinks its-own voice riiost melodious." " .' Tlie Illustrated Flirenologi- | cai, I'lijsiological and Hygie- ; llic Magiainei— We have feceiyed' tlio first monthly nuinbervpf this- "'publication. Modest - in 1 its beginnings, it affords itself ample scope for enlargement by tlie;. iriariy kindred su bjects' wliiciii it proposes', to'discuss : while the ' very ;fainiliarity'! of1 home 8of '"tile subjects and their .homeliness will!!comirierid it to -practical V mothers, 'and" 'housekeepers. The divcrsity,11of!:its'iuse8'.m'ay"be11gatiibre'd from'- 'the fact that1 in'.'this 1 first riuiribe'r ' ivri have- the -writers 'interidihg'to'adyise'iriotHers on- 'the -sucklihgri b'6ttlei!fofe1dirig;' of ''babies while the covev'diiiplays'itS d'evot'iori' to'tlie study of liurnari nature; 1 in ;allf! it'ri' woriclerful torihs' > and '.'phases'. , To';the b'e'aiitifying 'th'e mind; form; -feature; arid-to'the'Hu'mari'charaCr ton and' capacity; iri-'relatiori. :'to tlie universal, law ; and- by a<'po8itive''aririiysi8lbf 1 'iridiyidri'al- mentality riiinisters to' 'individual -risefulrihss. Designating1 special - 'aptitude'; 'arid "indicating tna.methpds by Avliicli'' mental ' and ''physical uehcioncie8 Viiiny bo . reme,died/!''vit,''is( rilslo mtpnded'to be1 'a1 fninily: mentor 'ariii guide." iris published, by Mr. Clarkri of 'George-street. . -,Flrtlijg«rrThe ! Frhoieh'lwaf steamer' Jj'Fstrees 'ia 'fepoftedby ller captiiin toTiave 'punished;. tlie iiatives of Resolutioii island for the liiu'rdbr'-of -'thfee'Fferichmririirinii a Kanaka', iwlio lirid' lauded,' vf or "trade. .'Bo'rit- ess punislitrient ! Tlie ship shelle'd theriiitive nuts and burrieel many of tlieiri! "Tlie natives retired; nitri- the' bush:1 Tliey-'ret-urridd, 5 of wbew the- ship 'of 'wiii;'.hailed!offf arid ui.t their1- huts1,' next '.'day - and Ellis' is punishment lor the Initcliery'of thieo French men and their servant ! ' ' ' 1 : ! 11 1 - - - - -i WkIU7lic School Grievances.— Witii reference to the list. of -alleged griev ances eomplamed of as connected with tho Department of Public Instruction ; we muBt caution our readerS"that they were simply a reprint of the 'allegations as printed by the :coniplninants ; that we are not responsible for their tVuth arid that those efficient men who are charged with faults in administering the School System, are not, and cannot be hoard through the Press. We have no doubt that if all the facts were known,' many, if not all those charges would wear a different com plexion. At all events in cases of personal grievance an outsider must always suspend judgment until he hoars the other side. Revival of the Inquisition .— The Pope proposes to confer a Cardinal's hat on Pere Monsabre, who lately, in tho Notre Dame, Paris, publicly advocated the re- establishment of tho " Holy Inquisition." 