A BILL of considerable importance to the working classes passed through committee in the Assembly on Wednesday evening, and the third reading has only to be taken before the bill will find its way into the Council for the ratification of that chamber. The bill was brought in by Mr RICHARDSON, Mr MUNRO, and Major SMITH at the request of the Ores wick Miners' Association, and it is approved by all other organisations of a similar description. The ohj ect of the bill is to legalise trades' anions^ and to place these bodies on a sound, stable, and thoroughly progressive footing. At present trades' unions stand in a veiy peculiar and anything but satisfactory position; and nothing bat that deference, which public opinion, as a rule, commands in all English - speaking communities, has prevented these unions from burstingup long since. For these unions are llegal; and the members are liable to prosecution under the criminal, law - or being associated with thdai. They are guilty, in the eye' of the law, of conspiracy^ jind 'all persons guilty of onspiracy are liable to be prosecuted y the police, and very severely dealt ith when they get before the udges. This fact Bome persons in ngland, discovered yeare ago to heir cost, for they had to face and ndeigo transportation to these colonies ecause they had been guilty of conipiracy by associating with their fellowworkers to secure a redress of trade rievances. AU that is altered in England now, by trades' onions being legalised, so that these unions are just s legitimate in the old country at the resent time as selling bread and tea, r the royal prerogative of family uccession. But the law still stands ere as it did in England sixty ears back. That is to «ay, trades' nions here are illegal, for there no enactment in force hen to ive them a proper legal existence, otwithstanding that this drawback as removed from such bodies ngland yean since. Of course, no ictorian Go rernment has ever thought f prosecuting members of onr trades' nions, illegal though they be. Any ttempt of the sort would nave aroused oubts of the sanity of the Government, nd been met with such a shower of bjection and ridicule that the movers n such a freak would have soon ished that they had never been born ather than fall into such obloquy and rouble. But trades' anions are illegal ere although they are, and always a ave been, very properly let done; and it is a most unenviable position for them to stand in. For it places all combinations of working-men, such as the printers' sorfetj, the carpenters' society, the builders'.society, the masons'society, the bricklayers' society, the draper^ i society, the bakers' society, the minerf 1 usoclatioiis, and so forth, in siioh & state thfet they oanoot,~a8 organisations, obtain land, or hold other property, or legally deal witii theirfunds, of do any-; thing else that oomes within the scope of discharging the ordinary functions of Buch bodies. They areoutlawB,asit were, for they are divested of everything that cornea within ths comprehension of the phrase—legal status. Friendly societies are legalised because they do not interfere with 'trade operations, and at«r really benevolent institutions. But trades' unions, differing from friendly societies in these respects, have not beat dealt with in a similar way by th$ Legislature here. The/ have been still left beiyond the faunas of legislative recognition ; and, therefore, .they -are illegal, and are permitted :to iuast and cany on their gperatiook irnjy npoh sufferance, or becanse no (3ommme&t; has dared—if eta:. it :lui& the desire, which - it never has had—to imperil or disturb ;their ice. But the hni -bn^ht in fc^ Mr RICHARDSON, Mr HUVRO, and ^iidtodltiiese dnwMki.-' j t e w d i m ^ i n ^ from «D trades' iuuaas within-|oar tafderc, but it wOl alio enable 4heae unions to register themselves, have their trustees, obtain and hold property, invest their funds, sue and be sued, and do' everything else, indeed, that friendly societies are permitted to compass. It will give trades' unions a clear legal standing in every possible respect, subject only to those restrictions which are necessary to protect the interests of their members. The bill is, therefore, as we have said at the start, one of considerable importance to the working classes of all grades; and it will be a step made in the direction of common sense over Btupid injustice: or silly neglect, when it has passed through both Houses and received the Governor's signature. The bill is a copy of the English Act, and that Act is tbe result of much thought, care, experience, and enquiry; and, therefore, the bill before the Assembly contains everything that is wise and necessary to deal justly with the subject. It fixes the minimum age of a member at sixteen; and then goes on to give traded unions all the powers and all the privileges of conducting their own affairs, discussing trade questions, agitating for the redress of trade grievances, managing their funds, and doing all else, once registered, that could be desired by, and in connection, with such bodies. Such a piece of legislation aa this will be a great boon to the working \- classes, without in any way im perilling any other interest; and it is cheering to find the Assembly dealing with it in -such a genial spirit that, in a very few weeks from this date, it will most likely come into force. It is a bill which all must approve, and all must commend; and the thanks of the working classes are due to Mr RICHARDSON, in the first place, and to Mr MUSRO and Major SMITH, in the next, for the efforts which they are making, the former particularly, to carry it to fruition. It contains a question which ought to have been dealt with long ago. But although so long deferred, it is gratifying to see that at last it is on the eve of being adjusted and settled. MR FISHRR and'Mr MIRAMS have commenced a crusade against gambling, and a bill has been tabled by those members the Assembly to achieve their object, or rather, we shoald say, to diminish such a hateful and pernicious practice. ; The bill seems to UB to be mainly directed against what are known as "sweeps," although betting ig also dealt with; and it contains vety stringent provisions against the "sweep" evil, by -making it a penal offence, not only for anybody to initiate this kind of racket, not only for the owner of a building to allow it to be used for such a purpose, but also for any newspaper or printer to aid in any way such projects. Now we muss cordially express our thorough approval of this bill; and we are quite sure the great bulk of the community would only be too glad to see it speedily carried. The extent to which the " sweep " business has become extended in this colony, is a disgrace to every inhabitant of it, for it is breeding gamblers by the thousand every year, stimulating crime, and doing much else that is disreputable and vicious. It has a fascination about it which to a great number of tbe young is irresistible; and many adults may be said to be equally powerless against^bs seductive blandishments. It apparently opens up a means of getting rich with the . rapidity of an electric flash, and upon a very small outlay; and none but those whose tastes are absolutely opposed to eveiy sort of gambling can, therefore, -k'eep out of the vortex. The smallest calculation would be sufficient to show any man or youth that the play is not worth the candle. The chances are a hundred to one against any of the prizes being carried off by the single investor, for while the prizes are few the number of tickets is legion. But each investor regards his chance as good as any other man's—thinkshemaybeoneof thelacky ones—and so he stakes his money, and finds it impossible to keep out of the racket The curious have only to look over the papers, especially the weeklies, to see the full force of what we are saying here. These " sweeps" are announced by the score on all the principal races; and nothing of so wholesale a kind would occur were the gambling spirit not lamentably tremendous and widespread. Obviously, a large portion of humanity needs to be protected by the Legislature against' itself ; and there is no better way of doing this than by putting down these "sweeps." For once these curses were extirpated, the temptation would be gone; and with its departure, the fascination to make money by means of this kind would be entirely dissipated. But the bill which Mr FISHER and Mr MIRAMS have ^brought in is not only to be highly commended on the score of checking the craze for gambling which these "sweeps "arouse. Its appearance is also to be-praised on another ground. There can be no doubt that the subscribers to these "sweeps" are swindled wholesale. There can ba no doubt that the drawing is so manipulated that the prizes always fall to the projectors, lthough the public know nothing of d o T e G - t o a a p this. We do not say this is the n all these "sweeps," as, of course, the paragraphs which appear in the papers, after th? principal races have come ofij showing who have'won in some of theBe "sweeps," forbids- any such sweeping assertion. But we do Bay this :—That in most of these " sweep^' the projectors manage to pocket the whole proceeds; and it does nat require any very great knowledge of human, nature to understand that where there is no check, and no high moral tone, this state of tilings is inevitable—is sure to happen. Not only, therefore, to check the gambling •spirit which prevails, 1>ut 'also X6 save the public .bom being defrauded any longer by the "sweeps," thel>ill which ; Sir FISHIER and Mr MIRAMS have tabled i n the Amembly would be a wise one to pass into law. It would undoubtedly check betting; it would do an immense amount of good ia purging the community of the "swegw" evil which, is growing withaudr terrible rapidity ; and it would also put down tha schemes who gather in hundreds and thousand* of pounds every year, without the litest intention of refunding one ling «£ the mdn&y; they hive t&niaoqnired.; FISHBR and Mr ! would undoubtedly have' aadit wtaU ,t» < _ fore, to ltarn that It had been carried. AH item of newa appears in another column which will be read with much hasara, by all 'ttue friendB ol the aberal party.; It records the arrival of Mr BRBRY among TIN eoal-minen of New South Wales, and it &OWB; that he has been received, welcomed, and banqtaetted in quite a regal fashion. Nor can it be said that it was only tbe working classes of the district that have treated -him with all this distinction. The mayor and aldermen of Wallsend and Ruttsburg headed the movement, and showed that they derived great pleasure from discharging such genial functions. Mr BERRY was first of all presented with an address by the people of the district. The building in which this presentation took place was crowded, and hundreds had to remain outside from this cause; Mr BERRY being splendidly received, as shown by the brief narrativa vln tbe evening Mr BERRY was entertained at a banquet in Litnfeton, the mayor presiding. Here Mr BERRY delivered an. address on Protection," which even the Argus account says " was received with great applause." Altogether, Mr BERRY has been treated by the people of the locality referred to with marked respect; and everything was evidently done to make his reception agreeable to himself and creditable to the residents of the district. Now, there is something especially satisfactory about this item of news, because it brings out three facts very clearly. The first is, that the New 1 South Wales people have closely studied events in this colony for some time past, and see plainly on which side the cause of right lies; the second is, ^hat they are rapidly coming to understand the advantages of " protection " to young communities such as these; and the third is, that they recognise the ability and honesty which Mr BERRY displays—rejecting all those slanders which the Conservatives here and in New South Wales have heaped upon him so long and so freely. The Liberals of "Victoria have good reason to be satisfied with developments such as these; for they not only help to confirm them in the wisdom of their ways, but . they also show that, in adhering so persistently to Mr BERRY as their leader, they are following a man whose capacity for the position he holds is widely and deeply felt and admitted. Such, indeed, are the deductions to-be drawn from what has just occurred in New South Wajgs, and they are in every respect instrnotive-and pleasing. • A childtrf about eighteen months old ftas found yesterday morning by Mrs Machefer, wife of the well;known wine merchant, lying against a tree-guard in the gardens in front of the Adelphi hotel. She gtayed by the child aome time to aee if anyone came to claim it, but, as no one did, ahe came to the conclusion that it was deserted by its parent, and .she. .kindly took care of it and gave it into the custody of the police. Ser Simpson had the waif taken*to the City np, and given into the care of a noise, while enquiries for the whereabouts of its mother were set on foot. The child was vety well clad and comfortably and warmly wrapped op when it was found. When it was taken to the lock-up Sergeant Carden identified it as the child a woman had brought to his office the previous evening, and asked him to take charge of as a neglected child, as she was unable to support it any longer. The tale she told the officer was to the effect that she was a single woman, ani 1 had not long come from a neighboring colony, bringing her child with her. She got into employ' meat at Miacrsreat, and was able to support herself and the child until, being near the period of having another child, she was unable to work, and had to leave the place she was in service at The sergeant said he could do nothing for her, and advised her to try to get help from charitably-diapGSStl'per'SoiiB. It appears that ehe w6ilt~roand to several places, but failed to dispose of her offspring —a fine healthy boy; and, consequently, she must (as ehe hinted she would) have deserted it in this manner. Enquiries tor her whereabout® were made by the police yesterday, bnt up to a late hour she had not been discovered. Many of the tradespeople^of Bridge street have been much exercisetlUn mind during the past few_ days at the intention of the police authorities to enforce tbe bye-law respecting the exhibition of goods on the footpath. One or two, who have carried on the practice in order merely not to be behind their neighbors,- say the enforcement is the very thing they wished for; while a large number conrider the custom of putting goods on the footpath a great incentive to trade, and a convenience to customers. Those who have not practised the custom are of course loud in condemnation of the temptation to wouldbe thieves, the useless expense of labor, and the annoyance to pedestrians caused by exhibiting goods on the footpath. The byelaw, however, will be strictly enforced, and Senior- constable Mitchell was yesterday engaged in delivering notices to tradesmen to discontinue the custom. If they do not do so after the statutory time allowance, summonses will be taken out, _ " Fiery" Morton and his father, the principals in the disgraceful disturbance of Wednesday night, yesterday made their appearance before the Town Potioe Court, Moreton the younger was charged with threatening behaviour, with assaulting Constable Taylor whilst in tbe execution of his duty, reeisting the same policeman, and with unlawfully and maliciously inflictini; grievous bodily harm upon Constable Smith. Morton senior was charged with assaulting Constable Taylor, and inciting "Fiery" to resist Evidence was given similar to the aocount of tbe row which we published yesterday, with the adition o{ a statement by Dr Jennys, who deposed that Constable Smith had received a severe blow in the groin which might turn ut serious in a day or two. Constable aylor was evidently still suffering from" tbe ffects of his fight with the prisoners. Mr aunt, who represented the jprisonera, at the request of their family, aaid he waa not there to justify their conduct, but .be deprecated he way in which " the agony had been piled n" by the police in bringing BO many charges gainst them. He referred to the "large mount of animal spirits" which " Fiery" iru ossessed of, and thought it a pity that in- stead of waging a perpetual war agaiftst the olice,'he did not assist to cut off Arabi 'asha'a head.. Mr Thomaou, P.M., in delivering the bench's decteion/aaid John Morton, aUat ''Fiery," had been formerly dealt leniently with, and bad every opportunity of reforming. " He (Mr Thomson) himself bad aeea him in the gaol, and hadaSriaedtumto leave the district and Jead a better life, but hit appearance there after only a few days' freedom showed he had not acted ou the ad vice. For threatening behavioar he was fined £10 or throe months imprisonment, and for assaulting Constable Taylor £10 Or three mouths* imprisonment, both hard labor. For injuring Constable Smith he was for the present dischatged, and in the event of, «s anticipated by the ddctor, the injury becoming serious, he Could ba braaghtnpagafc James Morton waa fined SO* or fourteen days' imprisonment. . " A deputation of Die officers of -the Ballarat Miners' Association waited on the directors of the. Queen Company yesterday, relative to the bracemen employed at the mine. Ikt^^^jfodaprtMjmto secure for' the" braoemeh wie asaociationV scale of wages; vis., 4)* perahift-^lhe bracemen now only receiving fis per ahift. The itation was' received -vety courteously, the members ttaAM that the wages aa' fixed by the asmriatioa wer* accepted by all the compamea. with (me or two -exoeptiooa, and their desire was to retain % uniform-rate, *o that - the amieaMe rdatiniia existing between the associatton and the bri§ i n t e r n e i s - fanned that their request would be eomplied Tbe Creswiok rood £hqtV whiA ' IM T^ piained quMfar oocne moathspast, made its reappearaiBse Ust evening, with tin object, both aexes residing m , ib ipt|I%, u appears that abtnt aeven Vctock last night aome of the younger athdents Almiffisg Grenvjtle College saw a figure «0t up carefully in white ia a paddock near Mr &. Uitchcll'a house, and od a edaple Of lads upprowihing, the jghbat made a oosnd iforward andattempted to grwip o« oT thuu. 1 In this it failed, and an *lann having been givea, the individual in white ran into the Gnarr Creek, followed by a volley of •tones, and' managed- to eBeot an escape. A couple of hours afterwards, however, it was again seen in the vicinity of Grenville College, and on this occasion a couple of the junior teachers gave chase, but, unfortunately, owing to the pursuers having stumbled over a gutter; the ghost again took to the creek and got clear away, when the ghost appeared (n tbe Creswick road aboat three months since, it was effectually "laid" by a gentleman who threatened if the tricks were repeated he would "go for it" with a horsewhip, and come such means should be adopted in tbe ^present instance, for it is shameful that a lunatic with white face aad garb should be allowed to nam round at night to frighten young children in the neighborhood out of their wits. Last night the terror displayed by the latter was very Treat, and in many instances the parents bund it almost impossible to allay their fears of the ghoet It is to be hoped tbe police will make an effort to stop the nuisance, or perhaps a few of the young men in the locality will succeed in "laying" the ghost in a gutter or hone-trough. A* volunteer court-martial will beappointed to enquire into the charge made against. Acting-corpoial Behfisch of infringing tbe volunteer regulations by writing to the press on tbe subject of volunteer mattea. Corporal Behfisch avows that he was the author of the letters In question, bnt the enguiry will be held and evidence taken the same as if he had denied the charge. Referring to the action of the manager of the Duke and Timor Company, yesterday's Maryborough Standard aays:—" Fortunately wiser counsels have prevailed, and we understand that there will be no further opposition to the establishment of the association at Timor, which now numbers over aeventy. members." The jockey Cirey who was injured one day last week at Dowlinc Forest by a faorse be was riding falling ana rolling over him, lies at the Hospital in a precarious state. Several doctors held_ a consultation upon bis case yesterday, and they concluded that auch is the nature of his internal injuries that his recovery is very improbable. A correspondent writes to state that a most dastardly act was committed by several boys, who on Wednesday last stood on the Caledonia railway bridge, and threw lumps ofbluestone from thence on .to the" hones and vehicles passing underneath. It is to be hoped the police and railway authorities wul try and prevent a repetition of such conduct. The mayor of Ballarat East (Councillor Ferguson) was sworn in a few days since by Mr Thomson, P.M., and took his «eat on the Town Police Court bench yesterday for the first time.. Mayor Fi invited Mr Thomson, P.M., the justices of tie peace on the bench, the clerk of petty sessions, the town cleric, and -the representatives of the. -press to the mayor's room. The health of the mayor was proposes in fiatteringtenns, and suitably responded to. The health of Mr Thomson, P H., was also drunk, and that of'the town cleik and cleric of petty sessions. The toast Of VThe prees" concluded the proceedings. A Chinaman named Ah Soon, residing at Little Bendigo, reported to Constable Goan yesterday that he had been attacked on Monday night last in his hut by a European and a Chinaman, who gagged him and took 10s from his trousers pocket There has been some ill-feeling between Ah Soon and the persons he accuses of the robbery, and it is unlikely that any steps will be taken in the matter unless further evidence is procured. The row in Main street on Wednesday night conclusively shows the folly of haying a single policeman doing duty in. that locality when such characters aa " Fiery" Morton are at large. Daring the whole time there was an immense crowd, and yet not one could be fouud to assist Taylor in his struggle with Morton, who kicked to the best of his ability, and whose father tried to get him out of custody. When afterwards Constable Smith was severely kicked in the groin, and Morton when given a drink of water threw it in Smith's face, the crowd cried "Shame" whenever the policeman attempted to throw him in defence. The whole of the way to the lock-up the crowd of several hundreds was very demonstrative, and little waa want ing to create another Hart fracas. Tbe officer iu charge of the police in this district should at once give suitable police protection in this locality, especially at night time. A man named Henry Ireton was robbed of a saddle and bridle a night or two ago in a strange way. He was riding down a Btreet In Ballarat East when he was thrown from his horse, which thereupon bolted. He searched for the horse, but was unable to find it that night. Qnthe following morning, however, it turned up in Pee! street, minm the saddle and bridle it had on when he was thrown. BThe robbery has been reported to the police. On Monday last a tea and public meeting was held at Haddon in connection with the Haddon Wesleyan Chinese mission. About 200 sat down to tea, which occupied four sittings, on account of the smallness of the church ; but the ladies—Mesdames Eddy, Pender, Gilbert, and Ninnes—who presided over the tables, were equal to the occasion, and did their work nobly and well. Messrs Eddy, Gilbert, and Ninnes, with the Chinese, who rendered valuable service, waited on the ladies. The provisions, which were of a very good quality, were supplied by Messrs Morshead, of Main street Ballarat. The public meeting (which was crowded to excess, there being no standing room left in the church, and many had to leave), was presided over by the Rev. E. O. Knee, of Scarsdale. Mr Ninnes, treasurer, read the financial statement, which showed a deficiency on the church and dwelling-house of £7 10s, which will probably be cleared by this special effort. The Rev. E. Youngman, superintendent of Chinese Wesleyan missions, in Victoria, addressed the meeting, first in English, and next in the Chinese language. The Rev. Spencer Williams, ex-president of Wesleyan Conference, next addressed the meeting, which was interpreted into the Chinese language by the Rev. E. Youngman. The speaker gave a very interesting and instructive address, and expressed great sympathy for the Chinese race. The Rev. Tear Tack, formerly stationed at Haddon, has, during the past twelve months, visited China, and he, by pointing out on a huge map of China the various Wesleyan churches, the number of members, &c.;, proved very clearly, to his countrymen that the Protestant religion is making rapid strides in China. Mr Leu Chong, the catechist, stationed at pre- sent at Haddon, James Ah Hop, and Mr Flowitt, also addressed the meeting. The Haddon Wesleyan choir gave some choice selections of music. Miss Ninnes presided at the organ. A comprehensive vote of thanks, which included the ladies, the committee, and the choir, was moved by the Rev. E. Youngman, and seconded by Rev. Tear Tack, concluded the best meeting in connection with the above mission ever held at Haddon. "The annual Bungaree, Dean, and Warrenheip ploughing match Was held yesterday at 1 Bongaree, andlike the,previous ones .which have beec ield in tb< -district it proved a decided fluoerae." Vp till -«hortiy after *oon the weather was all ^that conld be desired, but at about two o'clock it rained very heavily, and continued' incessantly for the masiader-of the day. In the chamnop class W. Baird, of Learmootb. aeenred leading hODOrs, and W. Puroell, of the aame district was likeitriae aUcceasful ia ClaaB A. MlieUan, el Glendaniel, was awardod first ce in the class for JouUe-fomnr ploughs, another column -qf -this Mae fuller partictdan -will lie found. The prises will be paid over to their imeaM winners It tin Plough and Hairow hotel op Qaturday sext. at noon, for which [nipqaetfc e •onirti ly, Mr M. Brarke, will be in attendance there. The Ballarat Bart police reouire an owner for a apirit3nvel, which mi» bnmght to the; station yesterday by a grntleman who found it in Main street : ~~ it this, time last yew. a number of ...flails, ^principally ericas, were atoiea Jfima the Botaaiosi Garden^ «nd- tbe thtn>ea ware iibt awnvend. Tbe aame in-' diiriduah^^a^otim>ha\e oommehoed Mrin,Udthetiuft ^ ^ i t S f ^ whfc> are waking en- A case of intjiiiwj jtoilha teaydling public was inari st Sha %nrn Kfice G " ' WM near the WKrcnheip statisa, Ob-Henry Slater, sharebroker, got intone vauWhile holding a monthly aaoond-class and without having signed any gnanaateee^. The guard asked him for hi* ticketj.Jbo£ to had none, and he gave hit name (w a joke) as " Snooks." Mr Gaunt, who appeared fo.r the prosecution, made a few remarks oa the importance of tbe case, and defendant was Hoed 20s, and 30s ccsts. Messrs D. M. Davies and A. Ytmng, M.L. A., yesterday waited on tbe Deputy Postmaster-General in reference to central post and telegraph at Saake Valley. The Deputy "Postmaster said tbe -department W HO intention of closing either of "the existing post offices in the neighborhood, bnt the matter of granting tdegraphic communication to the inhabitant* waa now under consideration, and if it waa Sound that there was a fair probability of receiving returns sufficient to pay interest en the outlay, the department would conrider the matter favorably. The arena laborer, Witliam Sampaao, arrested on Wednesday for assaulting a boy named James Hunter, was yesterday fined 20B, in default seven days' imprisonment by Messrs Lewis, Permewan, and Goller, J.P. Sampson aaid the boys were a great nuisance, and the assault, which he aaid was exaggerated, was committed under provocation. The titles of the land in Main street on which the Post Office in Ballarat East is to be erected have been approved of by the Crows solicitors, and nothing is now wanting hut the building itself. It is not certain, however, whether this site will have to be examined and found suitable by Government officers. Mrs Maloney, the landlady of the John o' Groat hotel, was robbed of £3 one morning this week. She had secreted tbe money, for safe keeping, in her bedroom, and on going to get it, found that it was gone. The "police have a clue to the thief. Mr Brightwell, singing-master, of Ballarat East has again been successful in connection with the music examination of the Education Department, by passing Mr Joseph Hocking, assistant-teacher at the Orphan Asylum, Ballarat. Three candidates attended the examination, and Mr Hi»Hng, the candidate sent by Mr Brightwell, was the only one that passed. It is questionable if there are many singing- masters in the colony who have been so successful in punriwg candidates for music as Mr BrightwelL and we think Che inhabitants of Ballarat East are to he congratulated in having such aa energetic and painstaking teacher. At the annual meeting of the Ballarat Cricket Club, held last evening, at the Pavilion bote^ it was resolved that the incoming committee be strongly teoommendeito endeavor to arrange for a match on Die Ova], duringtheQirietmaa holidays, between the Hon. Ivo Bligh'e team of cricketers and a Ballarat team. The other business transacted was merely of the ordinary kind, and, though the question Of a new pavilion was brought up, no disoussion ensued on it A report of the proceedings, is published elsewhere, "but, owing to extreme pressure on our space, the. committee's report Is held over until to-morrow. Ayoong woman named Ellen Gorman had her pocket . picked on Wednesday night itfaen standing near the Alfred Hall, and her purse, containing aome silver, stolen. ' The fm» waa in the pocket of her ulster, and the thief bad little difficulty in stealing it We renet to record the death Of Mrs Frances Marion Parker, widow of the late Dr George Parker, of London, and mother of Mr Frederick S. Parker, of this city The deceased lady, who had lived to an advanced •ge, was much and deservedly respected. A second meeting was held last night at the Dutch Harry hotel by the bakers' carters; Mr G. Goddard in the chair. The objcct of the meeting was to reconsider the holiday question. Mr White proposed, seconded by Mr B. Beid—"That a deputation be appointed to wait on the Operative Bakers' Association, asking them to assist in the matter." Carried.. The members appointed to wait on the journeymen bakers' side were Messrs G. Goddard, K. White," W. Giles, and A. Oxlade. A thief effected rather a singular robbery on Wednesday night ata house in Victoria street. He made off with a door mat and a large fern in a pot, which weighed about 1 cwt. What he wanted with such weighty booty does not appear, but as the broken pot with the fern (also damaged) was found a short distance from its owner's house, it would seem that the thief learned that it was not all his fancy punted it, aad be dropped it accordingly without selecting a soft place for it to fall. The door mat was more portable, and it was carried off. In reply to " Discipulus," we have to say, on further consideration, that our correspondent is partly right. Technically, quantities are aaid to be in arithmetical progression when the rank of numbers increases or decreases regularly by the continual adding orsnbtracting of equal numbers, while geometrical progression is the increasing or decreasing of any rank of numbers by some common ratio; though, at the same time, we hold with "Tom Touchstone" that the use of the term arithmetical wis not altogether incorrect, for if the progression calculation was not arithmetical, we do not know what it was. In that sense we used tbe word " mistake," though, of course, holding that the term geometricid would bave been more correct and definite, and so the objection cannot be termed a distinction without a difference. „ We have received tbe thirteenth annual report of the Mutual Life Association of Australasia, submitted at the meeting of Bhareholdere held ou the25th August, from which it appears that this corporation ia in amost flourishing position. On 30th June last the company had 6102 policies in force/prodncing an annual income of £81,749 8a lid, .while .the annual-interest on investments waa over £15,000, thns making the total year's revenue nearly £97,000". Aaagainetthia the mortality experience of tbe yew had been remarkably light, the claims tinder fifty policies amounting only ' to £15,400, ..with reversionary bonuses of £161 40b added.. The net assets of the .company were £232,823 6s fid, which consisted " of loans on~ "mortgage debentures," &c.; Mr W. Arthur-is the fiillacat agent In the drawing,for Brownlock'a art-union yesterday, 65 ins the winning number. Ticket 96 won the gold watch. We have received Messrs Gordon and Gotch'a " A. B.C. Railway and Road Guide" for the month Of September. The Herald says that Mr Nathaniel Levi will accede to the solicitations of the Liberal party to contest a seat in the Legislative Council for the South Yatra jffovince. Mr Brophy (says the Argus) mentioned in the Assembly on Wednesday that the police have notified that "hunting out the devil" by the Chinese will not be allowed at Bal- larat this year. As a trustee of the cemetery Mr Brophy objects. He is an advocate of tolerating all rites, and, moreover, he regards with favor an annual effort "to hunt the devil" out of Ballarat, no matter who makes it. The Government, it appears, have not interfered in the matter, and the local police must be acting upon their own authority. The following items arepublished mthis wBek'a Po&x; GaadU:—-Bmry Paralow- is charged on remand ^itfa deserting his wife at Ballarat on the - 24£h inStatit He is accomnoiod by a young woman whoea name ia Hen Tndor.' Thomas Lenahan ischakged, on warrant {aaued .at 'JBaOastt JSufc, foe' des»ling hia iQ«^iau(t»^child by Bridget Bouhan, on the 4minstsiil, . - Mr Peakih (ujs the JTefcmuji) on Wed- •Mday evening gave jaotioefi the'Asaembly; t&t; when the Bailway Bill as re- committed, he inteads to move that wben ony line of railway dote not pay after the first year it ia . it shaQ lbe cloaed autil the inhabitaattwittun fifteen Qnlss ot«ach aide of the hne guarantee the. interest im the amoonfc expended oa its oonstructiaa. • •••. The liiMd& Iniiepem^nja lirt akinr. urch, Sandhurst, -tin thief or thieves got no ae they were evidently «sterbed before? epnldaecnre any booty- . # ,. -.-.-.H " ^Sjrfihartrs ^fVfe. which the ji2£M» Gutncbia bongattttedis"Scs^diBie,a»dr4L_ that not an hcanahleaember t'j'4£ The WotAsMnsrisH atad. _ aheavy losa noestiy (saya tbe _ •ertwer) of oo^ of tiM jndu^ asrinorama aa. rtalfaa. the aevenl that arr,)^ «faoaNd' '•••'••"w tinoaghou'e On year. 4'-; I time "a fnriVMa aU«a the new comers attacked the ler notice in a savage manner and inflicted other internal injuries ofsoseriou a nature that thejtam died a few days after The nua.-waa; well worth two hundred guineas. ' ™ Mr Grant (says the World) is determined to punish with the utmost severity any irrejfularity on the part of State school teacheis in -caaea of school teachen" being enhi' moaed for debt, the Minister has intimated Iris intention of punishing tile offenders with severity, and has done so in some instances. The OippKlood Ti'ntwt is informed that Mr F. C. Mason, M.L.A , bas induced a number of Melbourne, Sandhurst, and Ballarat speculators to form a company far the pnrpoMof testing the Narracan VaBry Coal mines. The company have applied for a grant of a larse area of ground, and the Government hare promised that a diamond drill will be ^ there at once to oommence oferationa. A rather remarkable fossil (aays the^jmji was recently found among some road metal in Jolimont street, Jolimont It consists of two shells, perfectly formed, embedded in a large lump of Milestone weighing aboat 4 lb. The stone has been fiautured, so as to leave part of the shell projecting from it, and aa the stone is of darker color than the fossil, the latter is thrown into bold relief. "The stone, we believe, was obtained from a quarry" in the neighborhood of Williams town. Miss Jenny Lee's company will open a dramatic season to-morrow evening, at the Academy of Music, with "Jo"—a piece which baa had a wonderful-ran in the metropolis. It is intended to produce it here with all Mr George Gordon's charming scenery and appointments, exactly as at the Princes' Theatre; while the company includes Mr* Walter HOC Misses A' and A ton™ Miss A. Hill, Mrs Ryan, and Messrs G b! Ireland, G. Leopold, Haygarth, J. Seade, Warner, and othere—all of whom are deservedly old Ballarat favorites. A succosful season should therefore be the resnlt The concert which takes' place to-night at Buninyong, in aid of the local relief fond is, according to report, to be a great success. The programme, .musically, is pronounced the best for variety ever placed before the inhabitants of the model township. This fact, together with the object in view, has caused a great demand for tickets, and a crowded house is expected to welcome the lady and gentlemen vocalists from Ballarat as well aa the local workers in the good cause. The following is the correct list of names of the Ballant company: Mrs Clark, Misses M. EL Daviee, Stewart, Wilson, Hamea, and Sherlock (pianisteL Measa P. Jones, Middleton, Evans (harpist), Glide (violinist), J. CTren (conductor). Buninyong—Misses E. and M. Bradshaw, Sense, Graham, and Turner, and Messrs F. Graham and Batchers On Thursday , week. Boot's beautiful cantata,- "The Flower Queen," trill be performed at the Academy of Music, under the auspices of the Australian Natives' Association, in aid of their building hind.. A plot of the cantata will be published in to- morrow's issue. \- The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Saturday, at Cmig's hotel, at eleven o'clock. Basiness— Report of sub-committee re judges for the ng grand annual exhibition. To deal tenders for a luncheon booth for the sheep show, and other matters. A meeting of the Painters' Union will be held at Bruno's Orchestral Hall this evening at eight o'clock. All brickmakets desirous of forming a Brickmakere* Union Society are requested to meet at the Robin Hood hotel next Tuesday evening, at right o'clock. A meeting of the ratepayers of Browns aad Scandale will be held in the town hall, Scaradale, next Saturday evening, at eight o'clock, to consider the proposed deviation in tbe course of the railway. The mayor of the borough has called the meeting. A lecture on 1" William Haslam, ritualist and revivalist" will be delivered this evening iu the Brawn Hill Wesleyan Church, by the Rev. A. R. Edgar; the collection being in aid of the oigan fund. 