THE BLACK VAIL tOfSLYN HALL, like the castle of the Sleep ing Beauty, had waked into life this Summer, and was filled with Summer guests. It was a sunny, languid afternoon, but ( through the Hall and the beautifully decorated grounds resounded the busy hum of prepara- (4 tion for the evening's festivities. Erie Roslyn, distingue , handsome, " rich beyond his peers," had but lately returned from Europe, and the evening's fete and masquerade, besides amusing his guests, served as greeting to the country magnates. A carriage rolled up the avenue, containing the last instalment of Summer guests — Mrs. Donald Sabyn and her daughter Lucille, a demoiselle of only sixteen years, but lovely as if sixteen hundred years had dis tilled the essence of loveliness and lavished it all oh her. Mrs. Donald Sabyn considered Lucille in purely a business light, and meant to buy with her beauty the richest son-in-law in the land — Erie Roslyn, if possible — and, like Napoleon, the word "impossible" was not in her dictionary. So she entered Roslyn Hall, and allowed herself to be conducted to her apartments with the air of pro- prietress-in-chief. " My dear," she exclaimed, as she passed a lady in the hall. " My dearest 1" ejaculated the other lady, and both embraced with effusion, while a young lady nearly smothered Lucille with kisses and bore her away in triumph. Mrs. Donald Sabyn and her dearest foe — they had long been society rivals — seated themselves comfortably and began to sip the tea the housekeeper had sent up to them. " My dear Mrs. Estel, to think. of meeting you here !'' said Mrs. Sabyn, in tones of warmest affection, yet seeming to express — "to think of your gaining ad mittance to Roslyn Hall ! " "Y"es, dearest; and may this prove as pleasant a Summer to us as last," returned Mrs. Estel, unflinch ingly. Mrs. Sabyn drank a deep draught of tea to cover her discomfiture. That pleasant Summer had witnessed a social triumph for Mrs. Estel, and almost a defeat for her own proud self. She placed the empty cup in its saucer, with an affectionate glance at her adversary. " And Hortense is with you, I see," she said ; " the dear girl ! Beauty is of so little value compared with her many lovable traits." " And many lovable dollars," laughed Mrs. Estel. " Yes, my dear friend, we shall find that to be true." This was a positive menace, and Mrs. Sabyn felt it so, taking time to prepare another cup of tea before she answered : " Speaking of dollars," she remarked, " how im mensely wealthy Erie Roslyn is ! Really, what any one else considered a fortune would seem almost nothing to him." That touched the weak point in Mrs. Estel's armor, for money was all poor, thin little Hortense had to recommend her. But, secure in the thought that Mrs. Sabyn would sell her very soul for Hortense's half million, she rose to leave her dearest friend to her ' beauty-sleep for the evening's ball. Meantime Hortense, who did not possess a share in her mother's diplomacy, and who did possess a con suming envy of every hair's-breadth of Lucille's beauty, had only accompanied her as far as the door of her apartment. There she gave her into the hands of her maid, the housekeeper's pretty little granddaughter Dora, com placently thinking, as she hastened away, that Lucille's mother could never, never afford to buy her a masquerade costume as handsome as her own, not to mention her diamonds. Dora admired her lovely young mistress most fervently at the first glance, and said, impulsively, " Oh, how glad I am they let me be your maid instead of Miss Hortense's !" And Lucille smiled on her little admirer of just her own age, and was glad, too. She threw herself on a low couch, in obedience to her mother's strict com mands to lie down at once and sleep till evening. Her eyes wandered round the sumptuously furnished room, and finally fastened themselves, as if spellbound, on tin; portrait of a wonderfully handsome man. " Dora, who is„Jhat ? " she asked, her eyes fixed on the proud, commanding eyes in the portrait. " It is the likeness of a real person ?" " Oh, Miss Lucille," said Dora, suspending her operations on the masses and billows of curling golden hair, " haven't you ever seen him ? Don't you know that is Mr. Erie ?" Lucille still gazed like one fascinated. " Is lie really as handsome as that, Dora ?" she asked dreamily. " I suppose all the ladies just adore him ?" " Oh, Miss Lucille," said Dora, excitedly ; " how I'd like to tell you ; but your mamma said I was to brush your hair, and make you go to sleep." " Never mind,'', said Lucille, regardless for once of her mamma's commands ; " you'd like to tell me what ?" Dora began softly brushing out the golden tangles, but at great disadvantage, for Lucille persisted in turning her head to look at the portrait and to listen eagerly. "You know you asked, Miss Lucille, 'didn't the young ladies adore him ?' I've lived here four years — ever since I was twelve — and I know there's not a lady in all this county would dare adore him — would dare to," she repeated, impressively, while Lucillo's fringed violets of eyes changed from darkest blue to black, with questioning interest. " Why not?" she asked, gazing again into the haughty, handsome eyes, that seemed to hold hers if she tried to look away. " Perhaps he has taken a vow never to marry ; or perhaps he loves some beauti ful princess, and would never deign to notice other women.'' " Oh, no, Miss Lucille," said Dora, " and there never was a princess half so beautiful as you ; but I scarcely dare tell you ; my grandmother has forbidden." " Oh, Dora, you must tell now," Lucille half-pleaded, half-demanded ; " I'll never tell any one, and I want to know this very minute. Why don't they dare love him ?" " Well, then, Miss Lucille," said Dora, in a half- whisper, looking toward the picture, round which the shadows had gathered, till only the eyes seemed to live and glow, " they know something terrriblc will happen to them if they do. Before Mr. Erie went to Europe, five years ago, the Hall was full of visitors just as it is now, and one lady especially, that Mr.Erle paid attention to, and who was desperately in love with him, any one could see. They all dared love him then, and they did, too, for he was just like a king, so handsome and grand. People do say that this lady and her relatives proposed to him, for he never seemed to care much for her, and in no hurry to fix the wedding-day ; but it was fixed at last, and such preparation this county never saw. The week before there was to be a grand ball here, and she was to stay at the Hall. She seemed so happy at the ball, and so desperately in love, poor thing 1 People pitied her afterwards when they remembered it. Well, the night after that ball everybody was tired, and went to bed early ; but about midnight the guests in the west wing, where her rooms were, heard the most dreadful moaning, sobbing, screams. Her door was fastened tight, and couldn't be opened till her father and Mr. Erie broke it down, and there the poor young lady lay, all tied down to the bed, with a stream of blood running from her shoulder. There was a little dagger lying near her, with a paper fastened to it, and the window was opened, as it some one had escaped that way ; and caught on the blind was a long black vail. They say Mr. Erie snatched the paper and dagger and kept them ; .and the vail, too. After the wound had been dressed (it was not dangerous, after all), he sent every one away except her folks, and they talked there till almost morning, but no' one ever knew what about. The guests all left the next day, and right after that we heard the match was broken off, and the young lady had gone into a convent in spite of all her family could do or say. Then Mr. Erie went to Europe, and all sorts of stories began to get round. People remembered how, once before, a real rich, pretty young lady had been almost engaged to Mr. Erie, and something she never would explain made her refuse ever to see him again, though she grew pale and thin, and seemed perfectly broken-hearted ; and then, when this new trouble came out, her mother told some things, and people hall-guessed others, till a story Hew round all . through the county — the story that every one believes to this day." The very last gleam of light came in through the darkened window, and once more the proud, command ing eyes met Lucille's, but the shadows had softened the command, and made it seem like entreaty. The gleam of light faded, and made the corners of the room seem darker than before. Dora drew near the couch, half nervously, and went on in a whisper : " There is something — a woman or a spirit, the village people say a spirit — that watches Mr. Erie wherever he is. It is tall, dressed in black, and its head always wrapped in a long, thick black vail. Mr. Erie may go where he pleases, and do what he likes among gentlemen, but whenever he pays the least attention to a lady, this Black Vail, as they call it,' : begins to be seen near him, and as the affair goes on, , further and further, it is seen oftener and often er. till " The sentence ended in a horrified little shriek, as the hall-door slowly creaked and opened. It was the housekeeper, and as she came forward, ; Lucille let go Dora's hand, which she had grasped in . her sudden panic, and Dora began to brush the golden hair most assiduously. " Dora," said she, sternly, " you have waked Miss , Sabyn with your foolish screaming. Go down stairs at once, and leave your mistress to finish her sleep." Dora started to obey, but was called back when Lucille protested vehemently she could not sleep an instant il left there alone. " Oh, Dora," she whispered, laughing nervously as the housekeeper went down the stairs, " il she had made you go 1 should have seen a ghost with a black vail on the very next minute. When she opened the door so slowly I was sure she was the real Black Vail herself — weren't you 7" But Dora, in dire fear of another and more trust worthy maid being appointed in her stead, coaxed and beguiled Lucille into shutting her eyes, .and at least seeming to be asleep by the next time the housekeeper passed the door. # By twelve that night the masked ball was at its height, and even by frequenters of the. county family balls in previous days was pronounced a 'marked success. All the county magnates were there in full force, and the rich, fantastic dresses made a brilliant show in the great decorated ballrooms. Erie lloslyn, handsome, more distingue, more lionized than ever, was conspicuous everywhere, his tall, splendid figure making all other men seem slender, weak and undeveloped beside him. Among the gayly tricked out maskers, he only seemed more, grandly hand some in his .simple, yet artistic costume, and the jeunr.sse doree of the county ground their teeth as they noted how every fair mask seemed to have no eyes save for Richard Cceur de Lion. And when, to the accompaniment of his harp, he sang the tender and loving ballad " in the language of oc and oi," his popularity knew no bounds. Poor little Hortense could only stand as near him as possible, staring at his magnificent and wonderful eyes. Poor little Sultana ! all the jewels on her thin brown shoulders and arms only made more painfully con- sp.cuous the sharp eibows and collar-bones of little Miss Million, as she had already been dubbed. Erie had good-naturedly danced with her twice, thus raising her to the seventh heaven of bliss, and causinr Mrs. Estel's heart to beat high with hope. Mrs. Donald Sabyn had not yet appeared. Finally, when the arrivals had long since ceased, and every one was ready for a fresh sensation, she was announced, Queen something or other, no one cared what— for, at her side stood such a vision of beauty, that all eyes were drawn to it. "Water Sprite," announced the usher, loudly, as she glided in. Mrs. Estel shut her teeth tight and whispered in Erie's ear that that girl had not a cent to call her own, and must have begged or stolen the money to buy her dress. But Erie heeded her not, gazing with half unwilling admiration at the rounded figure, which had a swaying grace, and a lithe beauty all its own. Other women imagined, all at once, that their dresses seemed com monplace and old style. Where had she found that strangely-fashioned robe, so purely white, among all the other white dresses — and so filmy that it seemed like layer upon layer of soft cloud iolded about her. Her arms and shoulders escaped from it in pearly softness and fairness, the white clouds only enhancing their beauty. In her hand she carried a little harp, twisted over with water-lilies, and her wonderful hair fell about her in most artistic carelessness, caught here and there with pearls and coral. Erie Roslyn, thirty years old, cynical, blase, and something more, found himself thinking ho would like to kiss all those golden tendrils one by one. But, uttering a French malediction at such folly under his breath, he calmly advanced to greet them as host, and as coolly requested the pleasure of a waltz with the Water Sprite, as if it had been poor little Hortense, thin and brown. But in spite of himself, waltzing with this spirit of grace and beauty thrilled him — the slow swell of blue waves, the light swaying of the flower on its stem, seemed embodied in her move ments — the contrast strong, indeed, with the stereotyped swing of other waltzers. But Mrs. Donald Sabyn was an astute general, and had planned her campaign well. That was the only waltz he had before the unmasking — and, after a certain resolve he had taken not to go near her again, it was at least rather singular he should find himself writing his name on her tablets for a waltz. They were all in the conservatory as the waltz began, and Lucille had not yet removed her mask. To by two, the crowd danced away and left them — something ailed the fastening of the little mask, and when it dropped off, they were alone. She gave a half-shy glance upward, and could not withdraw her eyes — his own, filled with wondering admiration like the eyes in the portrait, seemed to draw and constrain hers. She heard a slight rustle among the thick leaves, and started with a little shiver, fully expecting to see a black-vailed figure with a dagger- — had she but known the rustling was caused by Mrs. Donald Sabyn as she heaved a sigh of satisfaction. When she looked again at Eric, she was frightened at the pallor on his face, and the gravity with which he offered lier his arm. The waltz music began, wailing and sad like the plaint of a broken heart, till Lucille's eyes had tears in them, and Erie looked reckless and desperate, as if he would defy his fate. They waltzed through the very last sobbing, sighing note of music, unconscious of time or place ; and when the dancers crowded round them with a running fire of small talk, Lucille felt as if she had been in another world and come back to one infinitely inferior. Mrs. Donald Sabyn, the astute generalissimo, appeared and bore off her lovely Water Sprite in the very flush of her triumph. Lucille had been the success of the evening, and after she had gone the ball seemed tame and wearisome to more than one of the gilded youth of the county. Hortense went to her room, tore off her blazing, unsuitable diamonds, and flung them on the floor. " I hate her !" she cried to her mother. " I'd give my whole half million to see her as ugly as I am." The next morning the guests to the Hall strayed in, one after another, to a twe.ve o'clock breakfast. Erie was on hand betimes, witty and courteous to all his guests, pityingly attentive to po' r little Hortense, who regarded him devouringly from the opposite side of the table, and who looked much better than when en costume as Sultana. He found himself watching the door through which Lucille must enter, wishing, yet dreaming, to sec her. Determined to crush at once the feeling that would come into his heart for her, he hoped that to see her in pale, languid and drooping contrast to last night's bright beauty might make him his own indifferent self once more. Finally, when he had given them up, the door opened, and the generalissimo appeared. Erie's hand trembled as he passed the olives to Hortense, and inwardly enraged at himself, he bowed calmly to the advancing generalissimo, and still more calmly to the bright young beauty at her side. The fair, sweet morning itself was not more fair and sweet than she, with her starry, long-fringed eyes and delicate, changing color. Erie looked at her, and looked and looked again, with an admiration he tried no longer to conceal. Why should he not admire her ? he thought. iShe seemed so different from other girls, so much less susceptible and sentimental — really, she paid no more attention to him than to the other men ! Just for once, he resolved, he would indulge himself, and forget that he had better not. So he wandered out on the terrace with her, looked as much as he pleased into the sweet, wondering, girlish eyes, admired her beautiful hands as she played with the flowers, and even held one in his own to pluck out a cruel little thorn which had dared to lodge itself in the soft flesh. His own hand trembled, but hers was cool and passive, and her lovely eyes met his unthinkingly, for, unconsciously, Lucille had some of her generalissimo's tact, and would not be as sentimental as Hortense when she saw how it disgusted him. But in her heart she adored him already with a girl's first love — a depth of feeling society belles may only remember and never experience. Two days later a riding-party was formed at Erie's request, who no longer desired to become disenchanted with Lucille, and was already as proud of her beauty a? before he had feared it. But the severest critic must have been disarmed as she appeared in dark- blue velvet habit and snowy plumes, the very queen ol equestriennes. The party dashed on through the park avenues, and Erie and Lucille, riding more slowly, soon lost sight of them. They rode on in silence, neither speaking. Erie loved Lucille most passionately by this time, and made no effort against it, but knowing as he did the inexorable hand which held him from her, a sadness too deep for words filled his heart. Lucille could not but see the pallor and repressed emotion of his face, and the sweet pity and unconscious love that shone in her eyes were almost more than he could bear. Lucille had made some remark about the beautiful park in which they were riding, and which had belonged to the Roslyns through so many generations. " Y es," assented Erie, halt-abstractedly ; " but when I die it passes to another family. I am and shall be the last of the name." Lucille looked at him wonderingly. He sprang from his saddle to arrange a refractory buckle, and, instead of remounting, walked restlessly to and fro. lie threw his arm over her horse's neck and looked up into her face. "Lucille," lie said, "you are my own true little friend, I know — why should not I call you Lucille ?" " Yes, why not?" responded Lucille, faintly. " Lucille," he began again, his voice low with intensity of repressed feeling, his dark, handsome face stormy with emotion, " if 1 loved a girl, the loveliest creature on this wide earth — so beautiful even the dumb brutes must worship her — if I loved her with a force and passion your girlish heart could never know, as 1 do, my darling !" — his face turned white and his eyes burned like the eyes in the portrait — " oh, my own little Lucille — I should pray God to kill her or kill me before she learned to love me !" A slight stir in the low brush, and there stood close at Erie's side a tall figure, wrapped from head to foot in black. Lucille's horse reared, plunged, dashed frantically away, she knew not where. When she next became conscious of time or place, she was in her room, her mother bending over her, white and anxious. Dora weeping quietly at the foot of the bed, and the doctor looking grave as he felt her pulse. Strange to say, she was scarcely nurt — one of her white wrists was sprained, but the shock to her nerves made her weak and ill. " But poor Mr. Erie !" said Dora, pitifully, one. day — " so white and still, and so sorry for you ! The visitors have all gone, even Miss Hortense and her mamma, though those two stayed until he almost sent them away, and now he has rooms in this same wing, and makes them tell him every hour if you are better." Lucille hid her face i.n the pillow to cry for very happiness to think he cared so much, and sorrow that she must go away and never see him any more. (She wished she might speak to him if she ; aust leave him I for ever. Surely it would not be rong to see him only once more, and bid him good-bye. The next day she was carried down stairs, and as she reclined in a great armchair, white and lovely as a snow drop, Erie carne and sat beside her. " My poor little Lucille," said he, bending towards her, " yoU ato me or hahng been the cause of all this?" Hate himl Lucille looked up quickly, and before his dark, splendid eyes would let hers go, he seemed satisfied without an answer. " Lucille," he whispered, presently, a cloud coming over his face, "what frightened the horses that day ?" " Oh, that terrible thing !" she cried, white and trembling. " What was it ?" " The villagers call it a spirit. I wish it were," said Brie, bitterly. " Lucille, that terrible thing is my wife !" " Oh, Erie, Erie !" moaned Lucille, covering her face, "is it re .ally true? Then I must not love you any more !" " Not love me any more, my own darling !" said Eric, through his shut teeth. "No, do not love me ; but I shall love you while I live." And as the generalissimo entered, overflowing with smiles and sweet words, he rushed from the room, ready to kill himself or his black-vailed wife, he cared not which. Lucille had not needed a nurse for several nights, and this night Dora insisted that she be allowed to take care of her beloved little mistress alone. Eilo made objection immediate!', but it was overruled, and the matter was thus arranged. About midnight, Erie, watching breathlessly in the corridor near her door, heard a long, low scream, which almost stilled the blood in his veins. Others heard it, too, and in an instant the corridor was full. Erie broke the door unaided with one mighty blow, and before the others had time to adjust their eyes to the new tableau, he was in the middle of the room in a desperate struggle with something long, lithe arid black, that had the strength and suppleness of a panther, and its ferocity. Two servants joined them before the strife had lasted ton seconds, and pinioned the struggling wild-cat to the floor. The long black veil was twisted aside, disclosing to the servants a face familiar, though distorted and almost demoniac with passion — the face of a village girl who had disappeared ten years before and never been heard of since. The servants loosed their hold in surprise. Quick as thought she stabbed Erie twice, inflicting what seemed mortal wounds, and then, with one fearful blow after another, drove the dagger into her throat and heart, and died with a smile of exultation oil her lips. Erie sprang up, bleeding and weak, in the endeavour to . spare Lucille the sight of such horrors. He staggertd and almost fell as he saw that her bed was empty. \- " There, dear Mr. Erie — there she is, all safe," sobbed Dora, pointing to her own little couch. " She was so restless she would change beds with me, and that dreadful creature — oh, how thankful I am ! — gave her the chloroform instead of me." Gently and quietly the servants bore away the poor creature whose dreadful death moved them all to pity, and cleared the room of all traces of the terrible deed. Some hours later Erie Eoslyn, his arm in a sling, and Mrs. Donald Sabyn stood by the coffin, and looked down at the hard face, that seemed filled with hate even in death. Mrs. Sabyn looked qucstioningly at Erie. " She was my wife," he responded, laconically ; " I married her twelve years ago, after her mother had given me drugged liquor. When she found I would never own her as my wile, she consented to keep the matter secret in consideration of all the money she wanted. She vowed if I ever loved any womar , she would kill her. Oh, Lucille !" he groaned, sinking on his knees and covering his face — " oh, my angel ! if she had killed you ?" and he gave a sob that seemed to tear his heart. " There, Erie — there, my dear boy," said Mrs. Donald Sabyn, soothingly ; Lucille is safe, and she loves you. Come, we will go to her." On that evening Erie told her, the happiest betrothed in all the land, the whole sad story. And instead of thinking of her own peril, she sobbed and shivered, and said, as he had said : " Oh, my darling ! if she had killed you ?" The dead woman was buried near the grave of her mother, who had lain there many years. The county magnates foretold all manner of evil for Lucille as well as Erie. The servants had kept their master's secret faithfully, and not for many years was the true story oT the Black Vail made known. And those who had prophesied evil for the lovers wore amazed and discomfited to find as time went on that Eric Eoslyn could dare to love, marry, and be the happiest man in Christendom, without the slightest interference from the Black Vail. — From Frank Leslie's JPojni lar M on th ly . A lady from the other side of the Atlantic has had an affair of the heart with a young and gay scion of the nobility j during which he has written her all about his heart, but he now wants the letters back, as they are a little compromising. Her demand is flattering to him. She says : " I value your prose at 100,000 francs — you are a great author." The matter is to be decided by law, and the public will get his literary productions cheap. 