SHIELD - AND . BANNEI. 1WON:; CROWN OF ENGLAN LOST. The civilians'cried " shame, the countran has fought for his liberty and should be-allowed. go in peace." The dragoon gave no heed, but pointing his sword ma'de a thrust at Allisn. He sprang'back far enough ao be just beside the one who had lost his arms, when forgett ng his cautions resolve, not to speak freely lest his tongun should betray him, Allan pointing the sword in his righ hand towards the disabled man, said, " This fellow laid his hands on that lady, but he shall never lay hand on anothe4 woman in this world.' And pointing to the one who was attacking him, he said, "You tried to kiss her in your cowardly impudence, but you shall never kiss another." -The words had not escaped his lips when the dragoon cried out, ' Ho! Miy com rades hereis a Highlander I One of the Prince 's men I Seize him, seize him, let him not escape for your lives." Seeing the e was not a moment to be lo t, Allan sprang upon the dragoon who aimed a blow ati him which he caught on the sword in his left hand, and striking with un erring aim, and power that astonished the onlookers, the poor dragoon fell like a tree shattered by lightning. Two others who had advanced into the circle and were close behind the one who fell, shared the same fate in less time than it takes to relate it. An eye witnes who saw the whole, after wards declared that if a thunderbolt had fallen among them the destsuction could not have been more rapid and complete. It being Sunday evening there were no firearms,'asd but few were carrying swords, the dragoons .being in • undress. Where Allan saw a dragoon with a sword he made for him, but a panic seized them,, the ring widened out with a rap idity that did honour to their agility, somii rushed down the steep banks on either side, some cleared the bridge parapets, and leaped right into the water, many fled across the bridge past Mary and M'Intyre, among these was Captain Giles who scaled a fence beyond the river and halted not till he reached a gorge of whin bushes. But by far the greater crowd made a rush for the town, crushing and trampling each other. Allan took up two more of the fallen swords, and giving one each to Mary and M3'Intyre, he vaulted into the saddle, crying, " Evan Dhu, let us rescue the noble horse from these cowardly villains." Striking spurs into their horses they galloped down in the direition of the flying crowd, who hearing the noise of the horses at their heels screamed with terror, and sought refuge In every opening that appeared by the wayside. Mary's dragoon steed was however such a rough unmanageable brute that he refused to turn the right way, and Allan was forced to go some distance after him to bring himback. The 15osi tion was critical. darkness was coming on, and in the town they were exposing themselves to firear1ns, while if any man envre iequired to be executed this horse would be more likely to run towards the enemy than from him. A short council of war was held, when it was resolved, that in face of insur mnountable difficulties they should return to the army. This resolution was quickened by seeing through the dim twilight a considerable number of the soldiers in a body near the stables, and hearing a shot from their midst, the ball whizzing through the air over their heads. They had just turned their horses heads, and saw the course clear for the bridge, when an unforseen circumsfance occurred. The dragoons thinking they were to be attacked ordered the bugle to sound for rallying, With such effect was this done, that the horse on which Mary was seated pricked up his ears, wheeled round in spite of her efforts to restrain him, and at the call which hell had been trained to obey, he started like a shot right back in the direction of the soldiers, and had reached the gate of the stable yard before Allan and M3'Intyre could overtake him. M3'Intyre dashed right in front of him as he was turning in at the gate. One moment later and Mary would have taken her place in a line among the King's Dragoons. Allan dashed forward, lifted Mary from the saddle, placed her behind him and wheeled round in a moment, M'Intyre standing right in the gate. Allan stayed his course for a moment and called to the dragoons who were forming in the line to bring out the horse they had stolen. This was answered Iy a shout of defiance, a display of guns, and a shot from one of them, on which Allan replied, "' I do belong to the Prince's army. I shall call here for that horse before to-morrow morning, and I shall set him free, if it cost the heads of a thousand thieves like you,' ao saying he .spurred off, but l*Intyre delayed a little to cover the retreat. mls- -aot aeve'n" hac d allean aso ar thntitwa impo sible to take correct aim at a distance, so just as Allan had started, a soldier rushed out at the gate to fire at them, when they were only a few yards away, but 3'lIntyre who held. the sword drawn in his hand, sprang right in front of him, and, raising it on high, brought it. down with such force on the soldiers head the he cleft lim to the chin. This daring act, done in the faces of the line of dragoons, laralysed them, several others were on the'way to rush out with their guns, but M'Intyre made' as' if he intended to dash right in at the gate dn them, when they all turned and fled. M'Intyre taking advantage of the temporary con fusion, turned and galloped after Allan and Mary whom he overtook before they reached the bridge. When they returned to Callendar Hlouse and related the treatment they had received, there was a general feeling of indignation. And when the Camerons knew that Mary's Evan Dhu was in the hands of the dragoons in Linlithgow there was not a man among them who did not buckle on his sword, and ask to be led on to recover the noble steed. Mary was such a favoorite with them, and when mounted on the beautiful animal who seemed to know her as well as as a faithful spaniel, the men felt so much pride in them both that there was not one among them who would not liav faced any danger for either of them. The only difficulty that Lochiel experienced, was in get. ting them to make sufficient preparation. As they could not return to the same place they were under..the necessity pf taking their all with them. They were joined by 300 :f the Keppoclh M'Donalds, and so much were they influenced by desire to punish the cowardly dragoons, that even Lord George Murray, the commnander-in- chief, declared his inten tion of leading them. Allan and Mary lwho brought the news to Lochiel andI laid all information regarding thie town .:nd number of dragoons before Charles and his leaders, were toomodest to recent how the soldiers lhad been clhas ,ised and it was not known till afterwards, and then only by Sfew;why the dragoons were inuspired with: such terror at .!se very thought of meeting and facing' tlhe Highlauders. rt was about two o'clock in the morning when the Camerons nder Liochiel, and the other cmpanieso led on by Lord ;or'ge Murray startedl fr Linlithllgow. They were fully ruiddf and every man among the gallant Camerons felt as if he had a personal insult to avenge. CHAPTER XXIX. ':a ToE DRAooo.cS he?AT A HASTY ilETREAsT FRnO , 8 - LINSI.ITII GOW. When the sound of the two horses' feet' had died away in :le distance, the drago,,ns began to count the number of .illed and to exchange idleas with eachl other. The one who tad been AUlla's first ippmnent and lhal lo't both his hands ':t one sweep, appeared with thie two stnuips bouiti up, but t:e bandages displaying a very crimsn,, colour, which looked sore ghastly by the light of the lanterns." "I can tell you, miy comrades, said the dragoon, that I ave been engaged in active service ; I have met the French ,.s three differient occasions, at D)ettnigen. Val and Fontc sy,-itid I: found myself more than a match for any two of •:tem. Our.company of 2lI50 men scattered anid ehi'sed'a •.giment o6600 of the best French soldiers. iutv ten'rniot re -this Higllander would have routed us all. I have ,'ayed- swotidxsrcise with the best soldiers in Coldstream, Woaolwich and many other stations, and I hare held soy own norig them ; but I was nio more a match for that High .tuider than a child of fire years would have been to me this :orning:.1 I am more helpless now than a child, and I ;n:most envy Tom Haliburton and the others who received but one'stroke and that ended their pain and misery in a second. i never saw, nor did any of you ever see, heads cut off at a isigle stroke, nud sent flying in the air before, and then with a sword which was not his own. If he could perform such feats withl a dragoon's sword, what would hlie do with a long claymore with which he was well acquainted. If that '- a specimen of the men in the Prince's anuy, tlhey will be ;I London in a fortnight, for no troops in the worldl would stand anattack of these men." Others followed in a similar strain, and as they had all lied frnom one man, they mustj needs justify their flight as ar as possible to those who were not there. One declared :hat htwielded tlhe sword ith such rapidity, and with such length of arm that it seemed like a flame of fire reaching from .mne:sidb ef the road to the other ; that he saw him cut off three heads at one stroke anid send them about in all direc tions, and never stop the speed of the sword's revolution any more than if they had beet only potato stalks. " I know this much, comrades, if this whole troop of dragoons hlad been standing in a line two deep. it would not have taken that Highlander ten miinutes to strike the heads off every one of us." "" What did he say about coming back, asked one ?" "He said he would call here for that horse before to-mor row morning, and there will be bonnets and heads in them •un the green if he does not get?im." e ":Hershall-neither fi d him nor us here by to-morrow nmining," said Captain Giles who had now returned, but whode face was pale with terror as that of a ghost, and his teeth rattled in his hea ," 'to horse,' my men, and ere the ] morning we shall be at! Kirkliston, within eight miles of Edinburgh." i No order that wa evdr given to that company was obeyed with greater readiness. IThey felt like men reprieved from Sexecution. They even shook hands with each other, and expressed inunbounded transports their joy at departing from Linlithgow. So they 1 qst no time in getting ready, and - before the Camerons haI1 started from Callendar House, the dragoons were in full ma:rch for Kirkliston. Mary was so anxious for the safety and recovery of Evan Dhu, that by the time the Camerons and others were ready, she had taken a short sleep, and was so far rested that she would not stay behind Allan who was leading the van on foot. They started about two o'clock, and marched in silence, with the utmost order and regularity, not a sound was to be heard C among them. The dawn of the early inorning was just beginning to appear as they approached the bridge, and the hearts of .\llan and - Mary beat fast as they neared the scene of the exciting events of the previous night. They reached the top of the bridge and all the towji of .Linlithgow seemed hushed in silence. But what are these dark objects lying in the road on the eastern slope of the approach ? On drawing near they found they were the dead bodies of four soldiers, and the road t1 around them bore traces of a conflict that were easily dis cernible even in the dim morning light. All were anxious to knowi how they came there, but Allan o and Mary kept their own counsel, for a terrible suspicion had been 1whispered between, them that the dragoons must r hlaelled early in the evening. These bodies being there un buried, or even unremoved, were certain evidences of a hasty and disgraceful flight. The only hope they had was that they might have left Evan Dhn in their hurry, but no, when a they reached the stable all was silent as the grave, and neither a horse nor a dragoon of any sort was to be seen. The only r a thing they had left was Mary's side-addle, which was thrown s into one of the stalls, having been hastily removed from the a horse she had-ridden to the gate, possibly to make room for t r a dragoon's one. She was very glad to get her saddle again, a for it looked like an old friend, and there were several I papers and useful things in the pocket under the flap which she was overjoyed to find safe. Her discussion with the 3 Prince, and other notes would have been lost to us if she had never found that saddle again. The town was soon examined over, and it was put beyond doubt that the dragoons had fled, leaving some things behind thetl which bore testimony to their very great anxiety to make haste away. Some were for pursuing the cowardly rascals at once, and so great was the disappoint mnent at not lmeeting with them that every Highlander would have most willingly started off without resting or tasting food. But Lord George and Lochiel, though both as anxious as their men, showed that it would not be wise. The dragoons could by this time be in Edinburgh, if they had ridden even at an ordinary trot. And their orders from the Prince, were to wait for the other division of the army, as it would be a great mistake to approach Edinburgh in two divisions, so far apart. There was therefore no help but rest till the others came up, so each sought the best place he could find, and took a few hours repose till the Prilce brought up the other divi sion, whlch he did about ten o'clock. Charles and his noble leaders expressed great sympathy I with Mary for theloss of her gallant and valuable horse. The Duke of Perth had brought a beautiful bay gelding as a 1 special present for the Prince, which he was to ride when ] they reached Edinburgh, and it was placed at her disposal, but sithe preferred the one which M'Donald of Teindreich had presented to the Prince at the Vale of Glenfinnan, the I same beautiful white steed which had belonged to Captain Scott of Fort Augustus. This was most readily given, and Mary was once more well mounted and equipped, a sword at I the saddle bowand the lightbut effective silver-mounted gun, I the gift of Lochiel peeping out at her back from the folds of her tartan plaid. Evan Dhu was a horse among a thou sand for speed, strength and durability, but for a parade, I this milk white steed looked more suitable for a lady, and Mary, when they started from Linlithgow that afternoon about 4 o'clock, looked a picture that any regiment might well be proud of. She seemed to carry sunshine and glad s ness with her, and there was a halo of perfection and purity about her that even the Prince could not in thought disturb. They camped for the night on a rising ground near the ttwelfth milestone on the road to Edinburgh. As they were now within four hours march of the Capital, there wan 5eat excit.ment, ll1 teeling sure they would, at d least, see Edinburgh, if not enter it, before the shades of a, evening again closed over them. The Cavalry were specially 1 prepared that they might survey the country roundl, see where )f the enemy lay, and bring intelligence to the leaders so that Ih they might know from what quarter to expect attack. The whole troop of Cavalry as already stated, consisted of six s, horses, and one of these was ridden by a lady. Three of the It horses belonged to gentlenmen who preferred to follow the t example of the Prince rand lead their companies oil foot, allowing their grooms to ride the horses till any time that \- suited their convenience. These three were desired to act as te rear. guard for a time, to keep well back, lest the dragoons might be playing a stratagem, and attack them froml some ne ambush in the rear )f The whole advance guard of Cavalry, thus, at the disposal 's of the Highland Armyi consisted of three horses, ridden by John M'Intyre, and Allan and 'Mary Cameron, and what is they did is so much a matter of history that we shall describe d it in a new chapter. -s CHAPTER XXXI. n MAnR'S Grs STRIKES A PANIC AMONG THE DnAoooss. it The three divisions of horse commanded by Allan, Mary, and M'Intyre, had not proceeded far in front of the Prince's army, when the sound of a bugle in advance of them con d veyed the welcolme intelligence that the dragoons were only y just beyond the village of Corstorphine, hidden by a gently 0 swelling hill. The three consulted for a moment or two d what would be the best point from which to view them, count d them, sd form as idea of how to attack thesi when the army \- came up. Each saw to the efliciency of his and her weapons. le Mary had her gun it readines, resolving that if she could n see her own Evas Dhu, she would apply a call to her mouth , iwhich would bring hint to her side under anything like -ordinare circumstance,, shie resolved to release him y frosm his rider should hlie come within reach of the carrying It power of hlier guan. 5 Allan and M'aIntyre both slackened their swords in their s scallardi, and with hearts a?s eager, as ever hlunters to spy d out a flock of deer, the gallant three rode up the little hill, S iand arrived on tie top at the same momenet. A grand s spectacle presented itself to their deliglhted gaze. There, almost directly under their feet, stood a company of regular dragoons, fully equipped for battle, withl every weapon that horsemens could carry. They were in a perfect line, To Mary swhlo had never befoure seten a squadros of dragoons in full battle array, they seesmed like a wall of iron, their n cuirasses flashing in thIe suin, their pistols in their holsters f ansd belts, their long swords in bright steel scabbards a andt their gaist in their lhands. They had their backs to Sthe city ,f Eldilnburgh and their faces to the west. Every Seye it tihe compansy was dlirectedl in thie same inlstant to the I aplparation of three riders appiearing within pistol shot of tlhem, and a glance was enough to tell who they were. Allan I and 3iM'Intyre rodte thie same horses but were changed from Is fairmers into otticers of tie Prince's army, wearing white \- rses and white cockades. Mlary, though on a horse of f different colour, couls not Ihe mist.aken, for she was the most SgrAceful rider in thie land, and well these dragoons knew -her, and what reason shite hlad for pursuing themn. The three ran their eyes along the line hutno sigl of Evan Dlhu. Mary applied the silver call to her mouth Iut nio sign still, and a they were sure hlie was not there. Allan and MIntyre each \- drew their claymores, put their bonnets on the top of them \- and waved them it the air. At sight of these the hearts of I the dragoons mnelted with terror so nmuch, that they could t not even muster up courage to point a guin. They thought I in their fright, thalnt tlhose were some of the heads of their a comradels which had been so swiftly cut off at Linlithgow a bridge, and that the same terrible sword was cominig down a upon them to slice off their heads like so many onions, a while their bodies would be left for the Highland 'savages' t to eat. So great was their terror that M'Intyre said he could hear their teeth rattling in their heads. Some of 1 them bgan to look round as if mneditating a retreat, and spying out lwhich was the best way, when Mary pointed her I gun at them and fired. IsIn an instant as if by magic the whole troop faced round, I their backs to the foe, and their faces to Edinburgh, without Sfiring one shot. They could understand the deadly onslaught of a High Slandman's claymore, and that was quite terrible enough, but they could not face an army when "the women carried r cannons and fired a hundred bullets at one shot." The quick r step of the dragoons increased to a trot, from that to a canter I andt elided in a gallop. The three steod looking on in anmazement. It seemed like a panorama passing before r their eyes, and though they felt very great disappointment at not being able to encounter the dragoons, they could not restrain a hearty laugh, when they saw the tails of the rear dragoon horses disappear in a cloud of dust, at the distance 1 of a mile. -(r-- - (o as coram mas s.) 