OR THE BED AND WHITE KOSES. CHAPTER LIX. TIIE INTERVIEW. Eulalie, after saying good ni^ht toBprfrom, fussed out at the stage door. PatBy waB already there with the fly 5 he opened the 'door, but she hesitated and looked around ?to the right and to the left. , L | t As soon as she appeared, a gentleman' who was standing under d lamp-post some twenty yards off,.walked quickly up to her. Her heart bent a little as she recognised the figure and walk. " I wns determined to Bee you,'-' he soid, holding out his hand. "I was.however, Ibegininp- to despair, I have been waiting for, this half hour." She shooki jhis; ;h»nd, warmly : could be have seen.the bright flush .on her oheelf, the glitter in her eye, he iwould have felt.flattered.' V? "I am very plad to: meet you aeain, I have'oflen wished, to. Do you knowl have a great deal to say to you?" She looked around.;- " . " I doD't like to talk: here,!'t she stiid; " there are so many, people about; I fear some of them will recognise me/and, as you know, we aotresses must be so careful of our reputation. I should have been out some time aqro, but that torment,i whom I call the the " Honourable Bob," detained me." M Lord Robert-I wish'to speak to you particularly about him," said Rupert,hastily. "Very well, but. we tannot talk here. Nor can you get into the fly with me; it will not look well. I1 tell you what we can do, though.". . . ' .1 Wliat?" i - . " Why,. Bttppose you walk,,on (Up, tht< street for a quarter of a mile or'so : I will tell my frienil P»tsy here toatop there ; when you come up I will get out, and we can walk' on together and talk.',' . 1 . ; { " Certainly ; which way shall I go ?" " Straight up Pitt'Street.'', . ,. s Then she entered the . fly and' direofed Patsy to drive slowly'up tho street, [ Rupert walkrd on apace. .".What ^an ;extrao»diaryrgirl it isi'^he ssid. '" She is inc0mprehensible.' She-is qithe^tbe.|mo8tilnnoceiit,br^b^:i&os;^art{id:' and designing, in " the eWorld, f I f'cannot ( beiieveJhe^laUerTrl-,wills? not;«<Withwhat.' perfect unconsciousness. teal or affected, she mentioned tfie narao ol Lord Robert. How promptly she suggested that I should walk on a little way to avoid observation. I cBn't make her out-don't suppose I ever shall bn able to make her our. She's a beautiful mystery!' Ho soon come up to the fly, which was drawn up by the side of a road. She immediately got out on 'seeing him, and looked Bnxiously along the street behind her. .'Did you see anyone you know?" she ftsbodf butpicdlyr 1'? ' " When--where ?"' "Just now, standing at the corner." t !'.} WaS 80 (leeP1y bur'ed in, thought that X did not pay much attention," he replied. ' I thought I saw Crespigoy," she said, gazing fearfully arouftd her. Rupert started. Crespigny! he thought. Why she ran away with him! Is she with him still ? He felt stronely temped to ask. but restrained himself. "No, I did not see," bo said, coldly, "I. do'not think be is in Svdney. " Ah, then, I was mistaken," She took his arm and went on, "Now, in the first place, I want to apologise to you, I was very unjust and very rude to you, you know, about that diary. Will you forgive me?" lhe soft accents of her voice melted his heart, and when she turned her beautiful eyes on bim for a moment, he was quite vanquished. ? ; * "Confound it!" he thought, " she can't be had. X won't believe it. There- is some mystery about h«r and her doings ; I feel sure of it. Everything suspicious oanibe explained, I have no doubt then aloud " Forsive you! of course I do. I had not thought about it for a long time." j "^'n "*? bought you would; you ara dreadfully severe, I know, but you are not T®0U1i I am sure. Bnd I like you." Ihis was plain speaking, certainly, but said in all honesty and simplicity of heart, and without a thought that an unfavourable construction might be put upon the fact of a i .1?»PGaking to a gentleman. ' Well, she said, after a moment's silence ; why d..n't you f.lk -wove y"u not surprised to «hh me on the fiia«e ?" " Surprised ! that is no name fur it; I was thunderstruck. I could n(,t brieve mv even, nor would I have believed my ears alone. Butwhon both eyesight and bearing told me « was, indeed, yourself, of course 1 could doubt no long,r, I (jifj not know that th-< stage was your profession." Sydney!"6' my Kfe tIU 1 came to r,fll,^?Ur>IeripI?J'edc untl1 'o.kfho part of Jultet at the Sydney theatre ?" he serious ?" Utm°St as,oui8bn>et>V" are you vol' lJe*hCi!7T ' n 18 P®'*00'.1? true, I assure you. bhall I cell you how » happened ?" It.you phase." _ He was almost struck dumb with astonish ment, and listened in silence to what she T u Y°u when I arrived in Sydney I had very htt.e money. As to how I came here, it is a long story, too Jon*, for me to tell you now. Ah ! it was quite an adven ture, I can assure you. Well, es I.was say ing, when I arrived I had very little money and was very miserable. Do you know TTnf^ff 2"? t0 "i® <Prince Wales' Hotel, to find you. I would have begged vmi to aesist me. But they told me you had I'Did you see my friend Mark ?» he asked. rl«v i£v yeS' A* relJ,ted. " but not on that day, the one before. I had come to call on you, ami was in a long passag*, when I saw Mm.; one, approaching whom I did not, .wish to meet, so I ran into the room J C0(l|d whfiri T V Trcely,been 'bere a moment, iX L^Tl0T fri0Dd'fl SteP aPProaeh Ln',1 ??'ioo^d' 80 astonished, even friuh ten^d, when_ he opened the door and saw though-" iDk he l'0008Dised me» dic1, aDd ? jou for a ghost. He told me such a tale about it." obe laughed «loud, o R^ost-oh, that is capital! I thought at the time he.looked very much alarm«d.' ' ?°?'ov.er'.1 d,d remain . tlx,TO'! long, but returned to England." (To be continued.) 