I ' iRaveUefc . I GRIT.. I A Story of, tho Foot and Present : of Ordi- I nary mon and Ordinary things. In Ordl. I nary lanmaKo'l H BY DONALD CAMERON. I autuob or "ra ran rows or tub shutout," I ' . "»n.vznwATzn dbhd, zto." I "Bo sure thy sin trill find thca oat." , I It Is a bcnutilnl belief : I Tlutt over rnand oar haul I Aro hovering oa angel wings, I Tho spirits of. tho dead. I CHAPTER XIX—(C0!fTEtUHD). I . Montr In tho crowd could road Obadlali I lika a book, nnd thoroughly understood that I lie wan a hypocrite, bnt their footings tvoro so, I workod up that even tho . most irrovcront , amongst tnom oouia n 05 reirujn joining in I prayer. It was therefore a strango picture, I this mnltitndo on tlioir kneos, and tha sun I rising in tho oast, gilding tho machinery nnd changing tho.colams of smoko into wreaths of snow. But hardly had Obadiah lifted his B voico whoii Spot, who had .boon on tho watch B all tho timo, mado a dart, and. seizing tho H apostle by tbo leg, mado hilh spring a fow spaces into tho air with a cry as if tho evil ono hod seized hith, Vrboroupon tho impromptu B congregation 'started un, inclined . to think ruuuiiiuuig.'DUiduuo. uuu ..uupj/exiuu , uut,- uiu 9 moment thoy . saw tho stato of affairs; a B universal burst of. langhter.took placo. Oba- dial's taco cbanged'.from white to.scarlat, and. taping round ho.doalt poor Spotiso hearty, a H . '„?9t' that had; it . reached, him", ha would lravo . dowu tho ehaft'.a;:dying dog.. Tho | p<d seeing ;.thls; at once rushed , to rorouo B "Thnt'O , the: poor . boy's . B ' NW' tmd Obadiidi.hAd.to snetok.away.liko a B whipped our. "T" B Hardly .fiad . this .exeltanient , pasted pvor B whori a startling cryriua hoard, and a boauti-- fal . girl, witfpKar. dress disarranged, Vhef hair flying' in, wild disorder abautrher shouldors, B rnBfiod through; titp erawd. "Every , soul know B at .onoP tlisit this was Bortha, tho. rioh ihiariV B daughter, and aathpstqryof hor lovo for Jaok B was pretty .wall khpwhi 'yanks to tho. gpssip, B ing proolivjtipB( bf-.Grittyi Gully, jtooy at, "orico . B pndoretood tho causa bt hpr distress, and gave way vthstho;respeb£.'thnt mlMorturio'.'alway's' generates. "7 "Is ho. dpad?, ' Is;ho..dod..-.,si)olbricd,.. turning tojSivbfal, minors bholinqw.. , " Wo do not know, Miss .Whito,V ,said, ono . of : tho monVroBpcbtfully; " bat wo, hopo-qpt. ' Itisquitopossiwohemayboaiivo.". ' . At tliat- moniont Obadiah . wcotbomlbrt's. long 'hypooritifjil facb bppoarod iif tho ;frbnt . rank. . His'pyosj'gmbd.wilha sort of ,do- montooalhgnt', aohbgazbdhpontHo girl vlth antOTressian'bfcdosira'androyoii'go. . : "Ho .is' ;dbad;t'. said Obadiah,: in' his. most , sepnloalHqnbs jV'lho ibah'cbnii hpyo .lived, tho' night\through in th'at mino oxaludcd 'from air. Tho'.fbtii,air .has .killo'd hini long ago,'1 . Bertha httored' a desolate wail, and' sunk upon q,pio,qf nntrimniod .slabshcar tho. month' of tho,'oruol shaft whioh haddestroyed ,hor l9vqd;;biio,':.Was ho. dead?. Wirald she novor;s(io' his' bright fobp again? . Would ho ' novor ' claspi her, .to; his heart ' phd' impress; thoso pleasant p'assionata kisses on her lips ? O I God, to tbunk that down in; tho horrid doptlis was hor lover's corpoo 'disfignrod bo- yond icoogoitlon; toi think of tbo slow and terrible death' that might Kavo been his 1 Was ho dead?- 'Could. I10 ho doad? ' Sho could noj, would not realise tho torrlblo foot. 1 Hor mind failcd to grasp tho; storp 'reality ; ana tt was a merey. ' Sovoral .qf 'tho women who woro presont, womon' who had'-khowri'thb- horror of' stand-' Ing 'on'thb 'brinltof '.a ah'ntt'.in iin agony of , apprehonBioh 'forbholovbd'onqtyaftoriqasting ' reproaohfulglahcbs at obadiah; Oamo forward, and, sitting beifldo 'Bertha. bbgan to 'comfort hor, tolling 'tho girl 1 many things whioh : thoy' thought would giyo hqy hopo. ' v B. ObadiAh ' Sweetoomfort stood there' and' I gazed iipoir thia:lovcly,ercature.with.thb feal. . I , lugs of a disappointod demon, .t How. beauti, fl fnl sho wasl. .What: torture . to. gazo ore all' fl ' this loveliness, on - this woman whomi ho .so . I . passionately loved, and think that ho had not,' 9 could not hava part or. pared in hor1! '. , ' 9 "Whon willybu know tho worst?'.' asked Bortha. ' I " By mld.daj" answered tho woman. .', Sho looked up at tho sky and: saw that tho m sun was only rising. '. ''(i How many weary hours sho wonld havo to :;j wait, and then — In 'this hour, of 'affliction, all woro equal. Bertha folt this as hor heart wont forfh to tho 1 dear kind ereatures'wlio' strovo to lessen her J . grief. At ' othor times tlicBO women - were ' - accustomed to gazo npon hor from afar off as rj| oft'bolng of another sphoro 1 bub now tho iH common bondof humanity draw thorn together, H and! earthly idistinotlons and ' barriers wpro '» forgotton.:.. r . . J A vory:short, timo had, howevor, elapsed M when a., murmur.' at. tho outer, cdgo.of tho; 1 crowd munotmced .somo .now. cvont. Mr. M WJUto'd oarriogo drew up closo to tho engine-, fg house, the horsps rooking and quivoring, and B.ortha's : father - stepped . out. - , , His faco ox, preosed'Lnngor and determination. ; Striding to (is . where tho poor girl was, ho seized her . hand, p_ and in no.gontla. tones. oommanded her. to bomo.,with htm. Sho lifted hor trooping oyes « : "'"ida'storn faco arid Bhuddcrod.;. - . Jj I father,".' said .tho girl, .'Mot mo stay t'l , I havo scoq his— hiBr-" sho .oould.not « / sajlhirpso ; " lot mo atay. till then, and l will j go anywhere with, you, to Sydnoy ' or etoo- f . where,- so lpng as I am away, from this terrible | placo. 01 father; do.!'/ I How oloquoptly She pleaded ; with i thoso 3 ' beautifrd byes ! '.. 1 But|thoro was no chaqgo: in hor fathor's 1 ' faoo, it ,wps as inflexible as ,ovqr.: " Wliat gpod can it , do ?" ho said, harshly, | tho boy is/dead;.,. Invo this qilacoj'whbro | thcro can bo' nothing but painful hieiporibs, % and seek. othor soenea whorb you will forgot 1 oil." ,1 : I cannot forgot, I oaunbtforget,"' spid tho 2 poor girl. ' "But you must," said'- the horaVUnim, Brospinghcr hand flrmly.ond dragging hor to tho oorriagb. 'Tho crowd dsirod.not' intbricfe. Tho only protest entered ;wbs allow Igrbwl .from Spat, whoghad recognised. Bertha, and foirnd comfort in hor presence, although tho. sagacious orbatnra easily deteotod' her grief, and began ;in' his simple kmind.to think that thoro was something wrong. ' . Bertha' was rudely forood, weeping, into tho carriage.' Tho'.horses wora at oncoaohsd into a gnliop, and the. vehicle disappcorod in a cloud of (lust.' There was just timo to oatch tho, train, for Grjt had a railway now; and poor Bertha was placed in a carriage, and the cnglno shrieked and- whistled and. departed' for IMolbourno.'opnvoying thitlior. a. tortured soul, weeping and wailing oyer' tho lost 'dream of. youth. - " ' CHAPTER XX. . -' , ' ; ' Wliile thoso scenes were taldng place nt the Hesperus Extended, events of a very different charaatcr wora transpiring in Qrit; - After tho. great' meeting, 'Hector, -Bannkum, and. somo. of his priiioipal snpporiers repaired 'to tho dingy ofllco of tha Gritty Gully' Trumpet ,. whore, assembled in tho den known' as the editor's room, thoy began to diooass tho affairs of tho night. Tho Trumpet of next day wonld bb.ono of . tho best numbers ovar issaod.. There was tha groat meeting, tbo terrible accident at tho Hesperus Extcndcdminc, and, of courso, thoro wonld be a splendid leader from the pen of Orit's. mightiest jonrnalist, Hector Mnoinnis, wherein the opposito party would be' annihilated, and the courso of tho elcetora mkdo clear. 7 Grit hod now a ges company; of courso thoro 'had been gan there. in tho early days, bat not snch as conld bo utilised for light. Tlio Trumpet ofllco absolutely flarcd with it. Thcro was gas every where, which' was a com fort, as thoro was nothing clso to speak of. Tha exterior of tho building was' not very prepossessing. .Onco, indeed, tho fapado had been thonght tho very acme of architecture. It wan of redbrick— as it the dust of Grit were not red enough— and tho mason hnd by an ingenious arrangement fixed certain of tho bricka to form tho words Grlttu Gully Trumpet. Tho red, duyt of years had settled upon tho building antU it now looked lika on ngly lobster drowned in dirty anchovy paBtc. Upon window, coign,- and door tho' insidious dust had faUon until there was not tho som- blanco of tho original design left. To add to the discomfort of visitors a flight of wcl' worn stops led to tbo sanctum, and, as thoro was no light outside; accldcnts'wcro tho rulo;' and ho was a lucky man who escaped scathlcss when ho visited tho Lycoum of Grit. By tho sido of tho buildingTan a narrow lano, flt ley deeds of darkness, and immediately at tho back was tho stage door of tho theatre, whcnco 'at night seedy supers isaucd to fotch in tho pewter pots of boor from tho hotel at the corner far the stars. Gritty people would; tell you with prido that thoy had scon G. T. Brooko. uuruu 111 muro iiuui u vuu huuu iu uuu vi uju drinking moods ; 'and to- this day tho hotel tiofffits that Jalia Matthews was a boarder when sho was a trollopy girl in. short clothes. Altogether it was a olasaio locality. ' But tho inside of tho Trumpet office was to the outside world n mystery, and the' gonordl nublio could 'tell nothing ' about it, excopt 'that Hector ; MaciziniR made tho paper there. In the inno- .cencc of their ' souls .they believed .that ho wrote, set up; .printed; and 'delivered tho Trumpet, Hcotor Macinnis foundT tho offico in a fltato of "pi," to use a professional term. Tho compositors had boon out of copy , for hours, thoovorsecr was fretting and- fuming.- and consuming beer ; the apprentices 'were' larking, and tho Bub- editor was in degpair. -Up to this time the editor and reporters Jiad; not put in "an appoaranoo. 'Reprint ' would not do, so the whole establishment had to bo -idle; conBoling thomsolves with the reflcotioh that thoy would not get homo; until tho Bun had risen noxt morning. But 'thoy know thoy Ijad no romody, althougli.Hcotor Mocinniswas ft bohovolent champion of .liberty , 'an d a worm' ; ' advooato of- tho oight hours system. ".Ho never 1 "allowed his lofty soul 'to . consider his - own offico. That was out of the - pale,: : So ho' kept; his 'reporters/his writers; his composi- tora -and' his printers waiting for 'him at his 'pleasuro, without in the slightest degree con-' 'Sidering that' thoy woro .men just liko tho: minors and carponters for whom lib oxpehdod. ;sa much breath. But thon consider: tho .minors and carpenters could Bond him.intb 'Parliament, and tho poor printers. couldnt| being only a drop in tho ocean of Gritty humanity. . - ' , , ' m 0, truo provorh I—-" A Baint abroad, a dovil' at home." . „ " In a few minutes, however, tho Qritty Qully Trumpet offico was tho sccnoof tlio greatest aotivity. Tho reporters who, after tho meet ing, had hastoned to tho Hesperus Extended to ascertain tho particulars of tho, accident, rushed in" and at onco began transcribing notes; as if aU.tho olcotricity in tho offico had . concontratcd -in thom, and. their pens .flew over tho papor liko steam-engines. Tho overseer Btood over them, howovor, ;liko ft ghoul, devouring their slips, which ho cut up in pieces, and nanaea ro iiw 'compositors, Who rushed to their frames and 'Bot With a rapidity ttiat must have thrown tho reporters into despair,- if thoy had had timo "to look round/ All this timo tho great rnovor .hiraaoU sat iA the editor's sanctum, drinking wino- with Bunakom and his friends, and ; -totally 'heedless of tho agonised faco ox tno 'overseer, who now and then rushed past tno open "door in tho vain hopo of wousing jus sympathy. - Thosub- cditor hopped nbout--lor ho wns lama — and Btrovo to keep up a jw appearance, when ho felt all tho pangs of tno damned. - Nor did BunoUum ond tho rest heed this in the alightost. IVby should tbo obfttaniorio ol libcrty, oi tlio horny handed, of iho oight hour, system, pay ttttontion to tno wants- of thoso poor oroaturcS? Why, m- 'deed? ' . ' . i But as Br. Bonoo vvbb moved tho spirit of loo to adjourn,' tho party At last broke up. ; " I will bo round at tho Patriot, prospntly , said Hector, as ho saw lite friends safely uown tho steps.' . . . Tho ovorsccr now hoped that thoro would ho eomo ohanco of finishing before doybroaK. But Hootor coolly passed him by; and, sitting in his chair, began to go through tM P»cs oi nowopapors that lay before him. Tlio ovor- acor rushed outi and Bworo by himself m tao 'passago, then adjourned to sock tlio oolaoo oi .' Alter a whiio Hootor Mocinriis did thhik that ho ought to begin his loader, .inasmuch as it was timo for him to join tho company at loo, and casting away . tho: last paper , no dlppod his pen'. In 'ink— and was about to writawhon — . . ' What faco was this that ros. boforq luni in tha liour of victory? What ncousmg eyes igazod upon him out of tho dusty booksliou t Wliat form nroso from out tho EhadOWB oi tno rlamp? . i ' - , m. : Psliaw I Thoro ' wns nothing tliore. . loadorhiuBthowrltton.' i , But it is not easy to put down tlio ghosts . that hriso to mook us, if tnoy havo their origin in our own guilty souls;; ' i .With, an1 impiitiont oxolnmation Hcotor ;Mnoinnis flxod his oyoa upon tho paper, ami, taking his pen in hand, nogan to writo tno 'loader wliioh wbb to oleotrify Grit next day.- Ho had thoroughly, digested; tlio mattor.anu y'ithrowing : it off" waa to, him an. easy twit, i Soon' tho' pago -Was covorod with luspeoulior,- but; regular handwriting, and, striking tno "bell; tho .'ovcrscbr'hppoarod. ' A smilo oi m- toriso Batlsfaotioii opwad, ovor that wtfiW » faoo ,ns hp 'gianood . at ;tho ehoct, and'no olutbhod it. with in'oxpressiblo delight. It was immediatoly cut up into litllo pieces, and tho compositors put to work on it, sotting tlio' matter up so qpiokly- that ore Hector had finished tno last slip' tho first proof was ill his hand. He sopn hurried through it, and then began looking- over tho files. Ho bocamo 'tired of th'dsb,1 'howovor, nnd; throwing tho papers' to onO sido, put on his coat and hat, nnd Btrpdo , away amidst tho blessings of his employes, who were trembling that ho would vhilo a Second lehdor. : It did not talco him long to roach tho-Patriot, whioh was etill full of. light, tho politioiaris not having departed. Thoy wore arguing In tho bar— at least; as many of 'them as were ablb to argue. But Hcotor passod by, and wont onto tho room whore the' select men, inoluding Dr. Boueo, woro indulging in' n'littlo relaxation in tbo shapa'of a gamp of loo, which wo3 now tlio popular amusement of tho higher class of Grit, varied by ' an occasional tussla at ' poker. Hcotor Maoinnis cared little for Cards, but when troublo or anxiety eomo upon him ho oftori indulged in a game. :As ho did not care tq sloop that night, having. to bo up early, lio .resolved 'to drivo away all apprehensions of tho morrow in what ho called a " titkip." ' As ho was passing ho noticed Maggie, who was serving tlio meh in tho bar. Her faco, nsually so bright, was far from diocrful, and tho redness of. hor oyos showed that sho lind boon weeping. A slindd ciimo ovor -Hector's fare as ho noticed this. Ho knewwhy sho was so gloomy. ' But it was not a causo of sorfow to him. Arid the night passed on, Hector playing with great core': and winning. Indeed thin was no wonder, for tho others were so far advanced that thoy conld hardly distinguish a king/from a jack. Ho accepted this as a sign that ho would ho successful. Tho dawn 'boaan to find its way Into tlio close room and to polo tho gaslight, before tho players thought of separating. Then, after a hearty wash -and. somo - slight refreshment, thoy hold a meeting, when final arrangements woro miido for tho great contest. Tho' party, too, hadtho satisfaction of reading Hector's leader, which was pronounced a masterpiece. After that, how could Mr. Midland his friends 'stand a Bhow? ' " ' . .. CHAPTER XXI.' Whilo thoso scenes were passing at tho Patriot, two wretched creatures were lying in tho casualty, ward of tho hospital of Grit. Bridgot O'Rogaa and hor husband had novor rallied after thoir brutal treatment. They woro so nearly dead whoa- tho attack was mado'. that lifo was easily driven out of thoir wretched bodies. Tho husband died very soon after ho was admitted, and Bridget scorned .likely 7 to end hor troubles ore tlio morning liroko; But, as sho had always had a strong mind of her own and was naturally contrary, sho disappointed tho dootors. As tha first beams of tlio morning sun lit up tho beds of thd patients she opened her oyes, just as tho doctors oxpcctpd berlo closer them for UftM. UUU >YUO bVlS liuuia tv Bwuik AAAUWAA) howovor, ond was commanded by tho wardors to bo quiet. "HuBh," said tho head warder, "he's dead." The woman lay back, with a sigh. It Boomed ns if oho had collected all'her strength for this effort, and, novytliat it .liad-' appeared vain, sho sank again into'.a sullen lethargy. How . earnestly and . unceasingly the mon rworked at thb;Hoaperus .Extended I How tho crowd cheerocl the-aliifta as.tlley caine up and- wbnt down 1 , In . spite of ' the counter dttrboi tions of , tlio olebtiori, whioh began to bo at its . hottest about dwolvo o'clock, tho' crdwd still gathered, until thousands - of personB woro .collected around- the olaim. Eleotors slipped away, now. and thon toreoord their votes, ond returned immediately. . In. all directions cobs ' wore .flying, bearing posters, M Vote for Miall,"- " Voto for jho champion of tho' pooplo, Hootor .Mnoinnis," arid 'thcsoi.ooonsipnnlly .thinned tho orowd corisidbrably, but frcsh.Acbossibns- kept up its dimensions. Messengers woro irupnirig' , baqkwni'ds and forwards, eagerly giving. infoririatibn of tho state' Of tho poll.. .'This -was. 'soon displayed on a blackboard, on whioli were chalkod tho names of tho caridi-' 'djitesj the nunibcm betef continually erased, and fro'slj. figures substituted, all of which 'proved .that .Hcqtbr . Maoinnis was , forging ahead; At four i o'clock tho blackboard ishowodi— -.J,.''1' , Heotor, Maoinnis : .. i ... 1005 William H. Mibll . . 1502 : A great' cheer burst from tho. assembly as thoso tigurca were chalked,- up, '.varied byx a iBttte hooting' froiri Mr. MiaU's. supporters. Buddenly a tromondous ohccr.'was' heard from thoro ABsembtod olbsq to tho. shaft. ( It was so diffffirbnt from tho "othor; - so frill of human ' rqjoibirig arid ' syriipnthy, that :,its : moaning was at .onco convoyed to oyonthbo dullest of . ."pEfpfeorislpn. ,Tho ibxplariatibn., 'was; soon . given, r Jabk appparpd ;p'n .Jho.brnre; ,, Thon. tho' onthusiosrii of tbo iriultitudb broke forth, and cheor alter oliOer rang thrbrigh-tho air,' until tho vory hills reverberated, . Tlio miners whom Jaok's tirncly .warning hod saved, rushed lonvard, and, ona after another grasped; liis hand in tho , wildest. bnthusiaBin. Thoro' ".w uuij yuo ittvu ui Aii hUU. UUgUMlOHb IJIUV bedamo gloomy. Obadiah' SwcotoomAirt bo- 'slowed ono glanoo -(of hato, loirooity/and fear upon Jack, &nd; thonj muttoring , to himsoll, sprang into ttio.hoawsfc cabV- .'Tliia ootibn waa, not unnoticed/ Obadiali had only just eomo Up to communloato tho statoof tha pollv Ho' had been too busy- oil. day, Grounding' up Hootor supporters, to- tlunk of '. Jaok. . Jack a heart roeo . Qa. lio eiiw tlio' , thousands of facos around, himV ftU- beaming with'satis-j faction at his cscapb; ' Hungci- and wcarinoas' wore forgottonyanawavlhg.hiQ' haiiidi lio ad- drcascd thom': ;r' ' - ' . "Jloh 'pf Grit,. I will, neyor' fprgot .thia', occasion, . Tho - torriblo Idangor X.havo uudor- gonc, death. and. all. its. toirors wOotdpon- Bated by this ready; and carhcaji'' sympathy. . It is on, Bpoh occasions that wo forgot 'tlio pcttyvjcdlpUBica;ahd inoapnesp of life, And become brothcra in rcality. Lct mo t)iarik my# fellow minors, for tho rioblo hiannor, in wjiiioh thoy oxcrtod . themselves to savo mo; sparing nothing— hot oven their lives. ' And What thoy havo ,doho, for mo, , I, yes, . and ovoryono hero; would, do'for thorn !" Amidst ohccr after.' cheer Jack was vpladcd upon tho shoulders of -four moiij aj!d a. pro cession formed.. Hoildm, tho bapdmaBtor of Grit, was prosorit.-. Ho had boen ali day play ing with his niori .forHootor Macinhis at thd Patriot; but tho moment ho' found. that Jack had beon saved, ho sent 'a, 'cabman, post 'haste for hi? band.; Jqet. as thoprocession ndarcd tho hospital, whioh ?!ay in'its>ontc; thd band met them. HoUato at ohoe set liimsclf at ith head, and soop tlib air riing with tho'fttirririg strains of "See tho Cqanuering.Horo Obmoa."' It was a stirringapcotaofo ;; tho moving orowd of cntliusiaatio, oheering; pooplo tho gay uniforms of tiio.baudjAiid tho rescued minor placed' on highVabovo his followsi hid oyes glcaming;with tho hght of pWasuro. : Just aa tlioy.oamo to, this hoajpital gates tho head dootor rushed out, and mado his way to Jaok. AH respected. 'tho man; arid -tlio pro cession at onco halted. Tho dootor elfook Jaok's handt worbly,'and congratulated him on his o9'oapo, " - " A poor woman, who was iUuscd last ninht by tho crowd at the Patriot, and who is dying," said tho doctor, " has boon asking for you all the morning. ; >Vo ; thought, sho vwaa doad When a wanler rushed in with tho news that you woro saved, and then tho womah rouscd herself, and - passionately ontrcatcd that you would: coma to hori; ; « Hor; namo is :-Bridffot' O'Regon.", , v. ?./. V- Jack's, faoo Ranged. Moraories.: of \ thai nwfulccno in tho, largo room of the Patriot, whore ho knooked down D. Rouso, camo into, his mind.. Glancing towards Hho valley, lib could i scci th'o spot where his unfortunate mother lay. ' Couid'lliis woman know any. tiling about this terrible mystery which en shrouded 'his parent's death Ho distinctly remembered tho hesitation with which sho gavb hor evidehco at tho inquest. He would "go in and sco her." Tho crowd mado no objection. Tlio band stopped playing,' and Jaok walked into tho hospital with tho doator. It did not take them long to nachthe room in whioli Bridget lay'dyirig. Her oyes weTo fixed earnestly upon tho door as they entered. Her faco lit up with a wild joy when' sho saw Jaok. Ho camo up to her bed, nnd took her hand. What a change had come over this woman bihcq ho know her first ! Ho recollected her when sho was a' find, buxom woman, tho happiest (ind gayest of tho wives of Grit. And now? Well, well, -how tho demon. Prink, bad changed her Ho remembered his own mother, and tho tears camo into his Sho looked at him; sho saw tho, tears, and from her Own orbs, fast clouding in' tho night of death, tho drops of human feeling came. " I wish to BpdKO to him atono," sho feebly murmured ; and tho doctors and tlioattcndanln Vent out, leaving Jack and this poor creature alone, save tho other patients, who turned round their weary heads to look at Jack, who was known to most of thcro. .What passed between Jack and tho dying woman no ono knew. A fow minutes after the warders left tho room Jack camo out. Ills faco was flushed, Iris oyes glistened, nnd a wild cxcitamont appeared to pcrvado his framo. "You can go in now," ho said, "Sho is dead." CHAPTER XXII.' A great crowd hnd gathered beforo tho court- hcruEO.of' Grit. It was n strango building that; formed, of course, of dingy, red bricks. It would lmvo puzzled tho morft learned archi tect to understand its order, unless hochftrac. tcrincd it as tho brickdunty disorder. Tlio leading rcsidonts wcro gathered on tlio bah cony, anxiously waiting for Br Rouso, who was to dcclnro tho statoof tho poll. In the distance, but cvory moment coming nearer, tho strains of tho band sounded. To Hector and his friends it seemed a triumphal march. Tho band was just turning the corner of tho narrow Btrcct that led up to tho court house, Or town hall— for it served both purposes— wkena great cheer announced tho appearance of the principal Qotors. Dr. Ronso camo for ward, followed by HcctQr Macinnis, Mr. Miall, Bunakom, and tno rest. The assemblage wcro somewhat puzzled to hear tho crowd fnrther down tho atreet oheering in a different strain, wlillo tho baud struck up 41 Jack'R tho Lnd." Gentlemen," soi(\ Dr. Rouse, amidst tho noise, it is my duty now to declare tho state of tho poll. It is — Hector Maoinnis 2051 .. WilliamMiaU .. .. 1676."- iiofQ ms voice was orowncu in a ire- mendous roar of voices, tho fecblo efforts of tho opposition to groan boing rendered in- cjETcotive. ' It ' was like tho growling of a' bassoon amidst tho din of an orohesfcrai whori' tho climax is reaohod.; t - . ' ' " I thereforo declare Hcotor Maoinnis ;duly" clcoted." ; . 'With, a bright. oye and a smiling, face',' Hector Macinnis stepped forward, his appear- .anco in frQUt' bcirigsgreoted Vth oheor upon cheer. Buriakum' Waved' liis hand for silence,' and Hector wos. on:' the point of addresaihg . tlio. nsBomblago, when' thd stillness was broken by a shoiit; so tremendoUB that it fairly shook thd building, and. a thousand voices were raised at tho same moment, .crying — ; '".Jack is aavedl"."' . Hcotor Maoinnis looked straight beforo him, and tho. triumph died orit of his eyes, tho c6lor. out' of his ohceks, hs ho saw Jaol: mounted on tho shoulders of the minors. A sort of illm scomcd'td.gather beforo hiiri, tho building appeared' to totter, tho figures on tho .'poll boord.wcro blotted out, and in thir placo appeared a terrible, distorted faco that Bcemed to mook him; and: tb'burn info his soul. Ho staggered back irito/tho 'arins of' Obadiah SWeotcomfort. ' !\ ' ' ' CHAPTER XXIH. Fading dream oflovo, .' - 'i .. Fatal drcamof gold, Mocking BluulCa thatbring ;» Grief and pnln uhtold ; ' Gilded baublos, bright, . > . Sun«touchcd mints deceiving, Vanishing iiLnir, . Disappointment leaving ! - Sprangliltoa vision of' nigjit, Out of -tbo mv amp near the river, Proaporoas,' sunny, and bright, Growing for oyer and over 1 Two years havo gono eincoHcctor Maoinnis AtftVted book at tho town hall of Grit, when ho 'behold .tho' vision '-of 'tho; resuscitated, when' liiB dreams of grandeur and peace were thrust ' Aside, and tho reality of anothor struggle with tho shadow of liis lifo was photograplicd upon liis brain. ' ',r'- . .Tho sccno is nqt in Grit. Tlio roar of tho DlvUlU UUgiUUO, OUU |iUU UlUiaUL Ut utuo.nu'j'wu liavo passed away»xand wo aro in tho sfrcefc of Boucke, in tho city, of Melbourne. Right has fallen, and myriads pf ' lights liavo sprung up oh every sido until an artificiol day is oreatcd, unhealthy and 'glaring.' "Streams of'pcoplo pass'up and- down- tho glittoring thorougfare as restlessly as- tho. spectres in tho Hall of. Eblis. ' i" 1 Tlireo gay young mon, faultlessly dressed, : wore passing up tho street towards tho great unfinished building which claims to bo 'tlio 'scat of Government. Among tbeso was tho liero of our. story, Jack.' Ho wob very dif ferent; in appearance, howover, to tho young Bhophord and -minor, of our acquaintance. Dressed in-a well-fitting suit, ho looked a .firio, tall gentleman, His well-turned limbs, grace- Xiil , carriage, arid hnndsomo'faco would havo, earned him tho approbation of oven tho most fastidlops. .He had filled. out ami rounded so well, that lio was a most unoxcoptionablo por- son now, ono mado to lovo and tq bo loved , His < faco was full and fairly boarded an'd his oyos sparkled with thoir old happy light. ; No ono would havo dreamed that ho had beon .a shop;, herd and a minor, . oxcopt, indeed, if thoy looked at :hi8 hands, wluoh showed that dm had worked. But, in' a demooratiQ copnti 7. that' was nothing. , 1 1 . Tho party had just arrived in tho pity from 'Grit. Jnok had novor Been JUolbournq, or any. great city. : Howover, I10 tried to look as if ho had lived in town all bis lifo. , This, 'though, was .vory difiioult, for every stop ho took a new wonder appeared.' Ho thought; Grit a great placo, but: it was- nothing to this . city.; , And so lio sauntcrod on ariiidst tho bowildcring orowd, sticking pretty, olosoly, hooyot, tb his ' companions, who had been to town beforo v And y.ot I10 had a steady purposo in yiow.' Ho had'becn successful, and now thought that lio could finally, aspiro to Bertha's hand.,.. Bertha lived with her father in tlio city,' and ho 'had hot seen her since thatyoVOIdftri dqy.whcri lio bado farewell to her in tbo park pt Grit. But thcro was apotbor object that , cauaqdihiin to visit-Molbourne. 4 ' ' . ' "Vyhoro aro tlio Parliament .Houbos ?" . ho asked, as thoy passed tho;Thcatro Royal, arid liis companions madoo etatid, - . / " Ohi a long way up. the Btrcot,", , replied Bill Flynn, a gay broker. "Who's going to' bother thomedlvea about that humdrum place to-night. "Why, hero's Flyko/tha Jflibertin going on' at . tno Royal plots of lcgs,-sparso attiro, and. any. quanUty; pf ,dauoing nnd : music." . v . ; ' ; : . ; : " Who's going up tlioro'V said Joa Jblliboy, with a laugh, "to listen to prosy old buffers, when them's so much Iff a to bo seen. Vby,- wo haven't visited any plsco yot ; thore'fl tno Megatherium, tho Gay Mabillo, . and .lots oi othorB.'1' ' ' ' - " I'm going to- tho Houses of Parliamont," saicl Jaok, quietly.' " Don't you know that tho groat ovont; of thd year takes place to-night. There Is tho discussion oil the. vote of confid ence in the M'Calrin minifttry." : '/ "All 1 yes," said Joe; " so uioro is. . There'll bo somo fun, nb donbt. Hpator Maoinnis speaks for tho opposition to-night, and ho'll make it hot for old M'Colvin.'" " "Anyhow, I don't soo muoh dlfforonre," said BUI ; " it seems to mo that tha country's bound to bo governed by tho Moos or the O's. Howover, £11 go with yon, and to-morrow night wo'll do tlio town." " What if they telegraph for ns?":sald Joe. ' I doh't know," was tno reply of Jaok. ." I don't feql inclined to return to Grit for a fort night." ' ' ' "Whnt'llMoggio'say?" ' A dark shndo passed over Jaok's faco. " You'd better loava tlint alone," said Bitt j " Jack doesn't care about it." Without speaking any- more, tho. thrro young men moved up Jlonrko-strret until they reached ' tho bont of tho Farliament buildings. Jack gazed with curiosity on tho ulrango black pile, from tho narrow windows of which glenmcd tlio gaslight, contrasting .with the deep gloom of tho surrounding gar dens. Onl of tho roar and rash of Bourkci street they passed into tho. comparativo qnictudo of tho Parliament rcscrvo. A knot of rntlicr seedy-looking persons wcro gathered- around tho unfinished front of tho dismal, gaol-lika building. Two or thrro policemen kep't guard over these patriots. " There's no show ot getting in," said Bill, " monoy's refused at tho doors." I don't know nliout that," said Joo. " If I can get hold of old Mumbles, I'll bctdlvo to ono wo gel in. Ho daren't rofuso snoh infln- cntial electors. Old Mumbles was Hector's colleague, and ho was kept in his place out of pity for tho old man, who in his timo had fiocn useful. Ha lived now only to plea so his constituents, doing exactly wlint they bid him, thinking as they thought, nnd recoiving from thom suf ficient money in a number of ways. Joo judged rightly that ha would not dare to rofuso tlicm ndmittanco. Can't get in, gentlemen," said tho door keeper, a stalwart son ot tha Green Isla. ' " Wo want to see Mr. Mumbles," Bald Jack, coolly. "1 don't know it lio's in tho honse," was tho reply, although tho doorkeeper had just caught a glimpso of Mr. Mnmbfo's unkempt hair when ho was UBlioring in nn influential elector. " Giro him these cards if ho is," said Joo. Tho doorkeeper looked daggers at thoparty, but took tho' cards, and pat thorn into a sort of lift, slionting through a tubo to tho to tho messenger above. In a fow minutes a stentorian yoico was heard. " Gentlemen who Bent to Mr. Mumbles eomo UP. ; . ' . . ' pio doorkeeper's demeanor at dure ohanged, and, with assiduous politeness, ho Showed tho party up stairs, much to the chagrin of tho. assembled _ crowd ot less influential indi viduals, wlio would havo almo'st perilled' thoir. sonls to havo heard the debate: . - . ... - A place for tho party was found by.ono of- the' attendants with groat difficulty, at tho solicitation ot Mr. Muinblcn.'who had him-. Bolt ;omo forth to do tho honors. When- Jack had squeezed himsolf between two apoplectto patriots, he'had timo to look around and tako in tho scene. .There is a strange, 1 inexplicable . feeling whan a man fust enters into a place whioli ho has read of, and looked upon as. boing , too great and grand for him over to see. It was, therefore, with awe that Jadk.glanoed at tha. asscmblcd:wisdom of the colony. Thore they' sat— rovy upon rbw-e-intcntly listening to the, uttoranoo of a distinguished lawyor, who was laying down tho points in controversy. But Die assemblage disappointed Jack. Thoy had their hats on, jur.t as.';. if they vyoro at, a .restaurant;- a portion wora strotohed nt full length oh the, seats,; some .had thpb logs, cooked tip ovor tho buBhiono; and, othbrs woro engaged in a somowhat , disrespectful'. ponvbr- sntion. On tlio avholo .lio WOB disonohanttHl. Ho could not help smiling at the " old woman '! who, sat. In' tho mi'air, 'a, inost' amiabloboking persbn. Jhok thouglit Ka.wo'uld. Kayo .tb 'bb amiable, oonsidorifig tho yapi'd'tnjk'.hp'.hpd to listen to' throughout tho session.. .Tok, 'too', glanood: at tho. gaU(.whor'o 'thb'..'r'opbrters were busy faking .down; tho wordi that flotved from tho lip's of tho great Hioklobothor.' ' ' That gchtlcmansat down, amidst applause. " Now it's' to come," said thofatgontteman on Jaok's right.. '" Maoinnis is going to cdbso up tho debate, and then, after M'Oalvin has replied, the votewillbetaken.'.'. - ' ,. . Tho blood rushed! to!Jhck'b ,tarerhis framo trembled, and. his clenched hands grasped'tho . back of the form in froht,lus gazo concentrated upon tho man he' hated sb'intbti'scly. , ' ! ' With h haughty and, bpn'fldoht . air; Heotor Maoinnis ros'o, and aft'er gbihg to the tabld and', taking a drmk'of water, he gtenbod bver his notes. Ho , hnd greatly elmn'god. Not only wcs his dress supenbr to what it used to be, but ho hadimproved in every, way; indeed he could almost Db ,called;a handsomio, man. '.Hls face. had', become' in'torbstirig and iritollepr -tual, and as ho did not toil, at night) the ifcaried owl-Iiko oxpressioh of cpuhtoniinco so peculiar : tq him in tho bld',tihfcs,', vras ho mora. In ovory luicamcnt of ' his fare worp .stampbd pqwor, cbrifldehc6': and hopo. Ho was a now man. ':" '' . ' '-''' . Jaok looked at hinj, itntj, shut his m'pnth.as if ho wore restraining himself.' " ' ' Evon. in voice, the, man had improved. His spoeoh wpo toterajfly frqo'from that'harslinoss whioh had militated in, the "past «d muoh against his suceess. as. a pqjblio ' speaker. :Praotico in 'doh'ato. had enabled him. to bon'- donso.kis matter, and.it was a ploaBuro to listen to tho oool, quiot' mannbr; in which, ltd met ovcry drgumont.brought fonvnvd by tho M'Calvih sido,' Oib mora solid "matter boing onliVcn'dd by graceful', cutting sarcasm. As hp Bpoko, the fares of that party hopamo .very olbngatod,: white, thoro' of his'owh.'taoh ohorio .with .Holight;- "Argumont '. after, argil- mont'w'as dispoeod of by hiin.yvith perfect . ease, iqtersporscd with telling sarcasm, and after ho had refuted everything that ha4 ,bcph brought fonvarp: in . favor of the expiring Ministry, ho bcgau to hcap un chdrgo oftor ohargo ngainBt thbih, Until old, M'Oalvjri fairly felt himself sinking into Ufa boots. ' . "Sir," said Hootor as ho prepared to con, .oludo liis spoeoh, V if, after, What I. havo advanced against thbso.gontlcman, who, havo held, power, in fhis oountty. under ;talsp.prO; tenccs, this Ibugc- "continues fhem in their offices to triflo.v.'Uh tho righto and liborties of Giopeopla— " ' . . ' Ho had first ghwcctj at tho speaker, then at tho Ministerial benclies, and now ha directed, his gazo to tho corner, whore his bye mot full that of Jaak,,wlio was etarihg at him in a sort of wild stupor. InBtantly Hector Macinnis ; atammored.'lns faco bccamo eufluaed, liifl head aivam, and ho staggered. ' After a few. seconds of hesitation, ha turned to ,tho table and took up a glass, of water. His hand '.trembled, his framo Bhivcred, and tho glass fell' from his hand, and was broken Into a thousand pieces: There was a stem joy in Jaok's face, as ho noted- tha effect his prcsenca had upon his enemy'.' He -was glad that bo ltad been ablo to ho present, ta dash a drop Of. bittbrncas into tho cup of. his gladness.' ; This,'too, was coni firmotipn etrong.ot tho thoughts that bad bepri iu hiB miiid over sinco tliat day when . ho had 'renvors'ed' with; the,, .dylng iwonmn.rin '.the 'hospital. of 0rit.- His! face grew darker and' darker as ho gazed upon tho statesman of tho . furtro. . ,... . Thb House wondered at Hoctor's dondaot. . .The old gentloman in the ehtllr gavo afeeblo sort of start — ho had been sleeping with- his eyei: open for somo timo. M'Calvin stared. ' Hector's party looked astounded, and ono or two 'started up as it to assist him. The .' reporters were glad ot tho few minutes' cessa tion, as it enabled them to put d finishing touoh to their notes. V ' ' (To lie continued.) . 