NORTHERN TASMANIAN b COURSING 0LUB. a Judge-Mr. E. Gatenby. Slipper- t' Mr. W. Dadson. Flag Steward-Mr I. b I. Falkinor. Slip Steward-Mr. G. E. cc Hope. A.r.-AoEn STAK:F.-For I all-aged greyhoundsa at 3 gulneas. Winner, £25; runner-up £12 10S; two dogs £1each. Ii Mesars Ati.,:inn end Beveridge'e blk h Pic- B anini, F oascicr- Luhra, beat Mr Geo. Scott's 1I r d Swivoler, l-y Fancy-Nut, . Mir A. 31, 3'Kineon's ns be w b RIetai Greener-Sea WVave, beat Air i. R. Falkiuer's f blk w b Fairy--Caclque I.-Folly AMr A. 0. Roe's wef b Sea Wave, Jack- Myrtle, beat Mr It. H. Barrtt's b b Sheolah, Financier--Nut P Mr II. F. Tumorner's f b Prineess Royal, Myn so Fancy--Sea Gem, beat Mr T. Gatenby ns t f w b Lsdy, My Fanoy-Lucy Mr II. Thompsoa's ns be w d Quilp, Forester m -Pearl, beat MIr T. Gatenby's ns blk- w dh Ilanner. Fintacier-Lubra ai AMr W. E. Atkin's be w b Amethyst, General beat Mr I. F. Turner's f w b Grand Duahess, ci My Fancy-Net bo Mr. \V. E. Atkins's f w b Hild,, My Fancy -Nut, beat Air IR. H. BarrOtt's blk b Blink Bonny, My lancy--Midnight. t First Ties. teata beat Pieanini Sea Wave beat Princess Royal Quilp beat Amethyst c Iilda beat Nydie.p QUAsoY PeUPPY STAKE.-For an unlimited di number of puppies, wlhlped after 30th June, 1880, at 3 guineas. Twenty accept Rnces. Four paid forfeit. Winner, £25; runner-up, £1210s ; two dogs, £5 each. lir A: Parker's blk w b Playful, Dacomn-Sea Wave, beat Mr I. R. Fanulliner's w bIlk Fancy Girl, My Fancy--Folly SIr If. I. Falkinor's bik w d Frencbman, Fraser-Sister to Kisaber, beat iMr J. Atkins's O f w b Riverina, Ben-Blue Eyes th Mir H. R.Faulkiner's blk w b Fancy Lady, O My Fancy-Folly, beat Mr O. BMin's f b Bonnie L Blink, MIy Fancy--Countess Mr Thos. BIrrett'sr b Bertha, Mly Fancy- Nutt, beat Messrs. Atkinson and Beveridge a's f w b Alvallello, My Fancy Nut f IIr A. O. Roo's b dl Seashore, Sly Faney Lurlino, beat AIr R. D. Richards's f d Vagabond, c Mly Fancy-Cera Mir IR. M'Kenzio's w blk b nMagpie, Fraser -Sister to Kisber, beat IL Thompson's be w b to Miezpab, General-Pearl th AMr R. M'Kenzieo's w be d M'Gregor, Fraser- fa sister to Kishebr, a bye, 0. Pabe's f b Bonnie do Beti. My Fancy-Counteas, drawn Injured Air Joe. Atkins's f w dl Victor, Ben--lilue Eyes, bent Mr A. . M'Kinnon's bawd Guy, G Fraser--Vcnus B First Ties. Frenchman beat Playful d Fancy Lady beat Bertha Sea Shore, a bye. Magpie, drawn, injured t'Gregor beat Victor.a The opening coursing meet of the season commencod at Quamby yesterday, by the kind permission of lIr. Sadlior. The o weather was delightful, a trifle too warmn t perhaps for coursing and the ground was 0 rather hard. The attendance, owing t to the restrictions imposed upon the t public, and the fact of Carrick'sale taking s place, was not so large as usual, still d there were a good few present. The ec spart, even allowing that there were L neveral short, and consequoently unsatis factory, trials, was first class, and yester day ought to be marked as a red- letter day in the annals of the N.T.C.O., as it a was far and away the boat day's coursing i that has taken place in Tasmania. Exclosive of no-courses and undecided, t no less than 24 courses were got off-suli. cient proof that fur is very plentiful on Qoamby, and more so than at any time during the period the club has been allowed the privilege of coursing over the a estate. All the courses, moreover, toolk 0 place in the ground in front of Qoamby d House. There are two stakes seot down for decision-the All-aeed Stakes and Quamby Puppy Stakes. The first round ii and first ties in each stake were got off leaving only six courses to be decided to- t day. In tirhe All Aged Stakes two well known representatives made their re appearance, Hilda and Quilp, and though f the former had a bit of luck in the open ing course, she like Quilp shaped well, and is evidently not done yet. The a meeting of the pair to-day promises to be an exciting event. Another whilom celebrity, Grand Duchess, also ran, but was beaten. The Quamby Stakes brought out some good puppies, and introduced us to the first of Fraser's stock, and judg ing from the specimens the Australian Cup winner promises to have a good stud career. One of his representa tives, Magpio, however, unfortunately P met with a severe accident throngh staking herself in the neck, which was annoying, as she shaped in good style. Fraser, however, has still a couple of representatives in Frenchman and M'Grogor, both of whom have won two courses. Dacoma, another now sire, had d Playful to represent him, and though she i was beaten in the first ties, it was mainly owing to an accident. Ben, a son of Wildrako, was represented by a couple, but one was beaten in the first round, and the other in the first ties. All-aged Stakes.-Picanini in the open ing course of the day had all the best of Swiveller after a very short trial and a weak hare. Fairy and Reata ran an un decided, and the former killed, but in the I final trial, Fairy, after leading to .the f fence, refused to jump, and allowed her, opponent to score the victory. Shoolah got the lead up through the hare favour ing her, when several exchanges ensued, and a capital course ended in favour of Sea Wave by just a trifle only. Lady, in no condition, was not the slightest use to Princess Royal in a lengthy course, as she got possession onceonly byfavour, whilethe other put in some good work, and killed. Q.uilp had the foot of Banner to the hare, and shaping in good style, wound up a satisfactory course by a kill, a handsome winner. Lona had all the best of the trial with her sister Amethyst in the early part of the course, but going a purler nearing the fence, her antagonist, served by the catastroplhe, set merrily to work in tihe other paddock, and rubbed the points out. Nydio was several lengths faster for the turn than Grand Duchess, who seemed slow in going out of the slips, and the former.scored several more points before Grand Dnchess was placed. The latter, however, came gamely towards the finish, and put in some good work; but iher opponenot had too much to the good wben the hare was lost. Hilda in a very short race to tIhe hare had a slight advantage of Blink Isonny, who was cnomentarlly placod; but Hila quickly wrenched, and tinished a brief and rather unsatisfactory trial by a kill, the baro having injured hlimself after Hilda made the first turn. First Ties.--Picauini led up and turned, wheno Reata afterwards had all the best of.the course-a short one-and ended a winner. In anothler short couerso Princess Royal scored first tlrn, bnt her loponeout, Sea W'ave, gave her little chlance hlnceforth, and wheon she killed there was no doubt of the resunlt. After'an undecided Quilp raced ic rare style from the slips, but turning wide let Ameothyst in. The veteran, however, caum a'ain, and, though his opponent scored in creditable style, Quilp, who jiompod grandly, gave her little chance afterwnards, as wies Amothyst raced away ia possestion theo course had ter muinated. After an undlecidedl, ldtia, goilng inn unict better style than she did in hler opeonilag course, led Nydio to the hare onld won nearly all the way, iee olospncent only scoring a couple of points. SQuanhy 'Puppy Stakes.--l'l:yful never r gave Fanny Girl the slightest chance, and terminated a lengthy and satisfactorytrial 1 with a kill. Frenchlonl in tihe next . conrse thad much tih bLest of the trial, when he rufnsed to fence, anod IRiverina shortly afterwards brought the cursnrs to a conclision iy n kill. [:uay laiy riaca't some seven oar eight la'sgthls in tjrl'n of li'liono Illink, sand 5sl a 'ai5ld'f turnns before the other g ,t pl,'.? ?s~ ,'e ih , I Slatter, however, set to w\crk ion a citetrY iimannir, and ltap iin ,3el ital style, s.u' ht ariy giving her opoa'nent a caaue' sho mlust have all n but eiuais,'l matters, atshe tn the dg wonit lup for 'antwy at ad. wlarth n ,a n qnieker awaay thoa Als a Italo, and always gasng the smnactr ,) wnMsl hittysh sne a ma.st trialsi al thoe a but for the I .ttor mkltin the kill. After a no go Sea ;-horo led Vagabond for the turn, whon It., other got placed, but the blue camte aiain and finished a abort course by a kill. Magpie was lengths. faster than 1itizpa?l, who was amiss, .and never had the ghost of a chance with the winner, who travelled in rare style, but unfortunately staked herself. Owing to Bonny lott htvitn unfortunately itnjured herself previous to the meeting, M'Gregor ran a bye with Blink Bonny. Victor weas faster than Guy, and scoring a couple of turns before the other got possession wound up a clover winner. First Ties. - Frenchman raced past Playful for the turn, and added another soon after, but tile daughter of Dacoma then seized the opportunity, and quickly made thlree turns, when herchance, which looked a rosy onq, was spoilt by a collia sion with a horse, as she never got in again, until the end of. the cotrse. Bertha, after an undecided, led Fancy Lady for a couple of turns, when the other got possession, and setting to work and her opponent tiring towards the end, on account of condition,' she achieved the 'ictory. Through Magpio having staked herself, Sea Shore ran a bye with Banner, who had nearly all the best of it. M'Gregor, nothing daunted by his kennel companion's misfortune, handsomely dis posed of Victor in the final spin of the day. 