The ljtte WilliMnatown Meeting. 1m promoter, of mort on the tim,; hanranaooanB of "& firt.it rtllMoV were nteMrt Urn yer fa whet the xonxoee term Wfix" otm their «nn«rt . meeUng, owing to the mom powerM IAM»" -dab baring eriwA Boxiog D»r »» "."J!" for one of fiie CertMA 5rinM, AMpite tt« WUlumrtnwnMB hiring hj the right of long oortwn. Verite, tow- erer, the locel Mt roortTOi fa «awvd in the adoption of Prinoe of Wales Birthday instead, for the monster muster last Thursday was such as never before assembled on the seaside fiat. Iu sober fact, the gathering proved too large; for tbo trains were crowded to the utmost extent of personal inconvenience ; and the popular holiday being "a regular sooroher," the general thirst engendered thereby wae far in excess of the supply of suitable liquids to quench it, and ere the middle of the afternoon fabulous sums would have been given fur shandygaff or lemoa-sqashes ooald such coveted quenches have been obtainable. The eolida, moreover, were soon cleared from the lunoh tables, and bread and pickles reached a premium price. Seriously ppeakiog, the railway arrangements were a blameable breakdown, and (he catering on the ground an equal failure, Tbe only features of congratulation, there fore. are anent the future, which is a very Irish way of putting the case; for both tbe Spenoer-street Department and the local victuallers will now know how to be prepared next season. As regards the actual raring, the most striking circumstance connected therewith was the utter upsetof thefavourites, not a single fancied and public-supported animal succeeding in landing the dollars. And if "singles" did not come off, how muoh the more did "double events" turn out rank delusions ! Nevertheless, certain two fold occurrences may be mentioned, as, for instance, viz., there were two different racers under the same name of Lenore, two dead- heats, two protests, and (worst uf all) tiro fights. Tbe latter affair is much to be blamed sod regretted, having originated over an objec tion laid against the riding of Beadsman in tbe last event of the programme, and which decidedly had every appearance of intentional ioterfereace with Balthazar. However, as the conduct of those engaged in the fisticuf fing is being considered by tbe stewards, further remarks must be withheld till their decision be made known. The ball opeiod with the Hurdle Race, for which Mr. £. Paget'a Zatign was made a stroug pot, prin cipally, I presume, on account of having Scobie in the saddle, but be was never dangerous at any time. Devilshoof made strong running for once rouod, when he hit a hurdle and opened his shin. Gambler then took up tbe running, and from this cut it was all over, as although every horse in the race came at bira Jellett's mount, woo with something in hand. The Truganina Stakes had a good field, and Stationer got so much the best of the start that it looked for some time as if he would wio from fnd to end ; but at tbe straight Mr. Tatfr- reall bronght up Haidee of the Hills, and ibe doctor's inure cnmmg away won cleverly from Stationer, Ike being third, aud Robrrt the Devil, who was made a strong favourite, bring next. Next on the card came the Telegraph Stakes. Mr. E. Weeks was fined by the stewards for scratching Tbe Ghost quarter of an hour after the correct time. On account of The Ghost beiDg scratched, Kanaka wan made a strong favourite, but iu the isce Lenore jumped away with the lead, and it was only just on the post that the favourite drew np to her ; but he could only get to her shonlders, and thus the unbacked outsider managed to get home first. The Galloway race c&nsed; more excitement than in usual io these events, as the two equal favourites, Lenore and Queen Mary, made a dead heat of it on the post, although it appeared to me that the injured Queen just got her nose in front on the post, with which I wae standing level. Tbo owners agreed to divide. The raoa of the meeting was, however, the Steeplechase, for which Tom Thumb and Blackthorn were both strongly supported at 6 to 4. Tom Thumb never had foot enough, and Blackthorn came a cropper at tho first fence, thus early putting his backers out of aoxieiy. Ascot and Squire both ran as gamely as possible and finished a dead heat, there not being an inch between them. Ibe WilUainetown Handicap provided another boil-over, as Beadsmau won somewhat easily, Balthazar and Wizard, both of whom were much fancied, being second and third. 