Correspondan TO THE EDITOR Sir : The people of Charters Towers are not a little startled on reading the verdict given the other day in the police court in the case Morgan v. O'Kane. One would not think there could be found in the British Empire a entertain a plea brought under an Act passed in the reign of Edward III, an act pronounced over again by the mos common law to have no bearing on any case very law of necessity passed to meet. But it is no use to talk on this matter for it seems, that the men whom we have placed in power to govern us do not for one moment take into account the question of fitness when appointing our J.J.P, the Government seems very anxious to get thoroughly qualified men for our civil service, why do they not take the same trouble in filling a far -more impor« tant position in the state-the Magisterial Bench-it must be conceded that the Bench is the most important office of the two, in as much as on the intelligence of the Bench de- pends in many cases our moral, civil, and political life; for any Government to fill the Bench with political partis?^ is a palpable prostitution of administrative power and a tacit admission that they have withdrawn from the protection of the subject, how can we expect a true insight into the nature of our laws from men who know nothing of either the spirit or principles of our constitution, men as ignorant of the very rudiments of English jurisprudene as I am of what the people of the moon are doing to-day--what have the enemies of the Northern Miner gained by dragging from the tombs of the dead barbarous past this ghost of a tyrannic age, was . O'Kane's case so desperate as to necessitate such action-O'Kane before that court brings to my mind the old story of the mouse going to court to stand its trial, the Court being presided over by cats. Have the enemies of the Northern Miner no more "savvee " than to try to crush it out of existence by trying every means to persecute it-all equally futile. Have these creatures not yet learned that persecution is rife meat, and drink to the persecuted, do they not know that the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church and all similar cases have similar re- sults. Do the persecutors of the Northern MINER think that it is only O'Kane they are persecuting; if they do, it is only one more ; proof of their innocence ; be it known unto them that the eleven-twelfths of the people of Cha ters Towers look upon the persecutors of the Kobteebs Md>ek ai t eir persecutors j also. Do they not hoow that we Britons are en .docs of the fact that the Liberty and ab- j solute freedom of the press is the pivot on j which swings the security of onr institutions,^ b«th religions and political. Do they not know that since England became a constitutional j monarchy that the people of England liave j been looked upo»es a sovereign people in actual posees-ion of'soveijeign power. Would the enemies of a free press like to see ihis power more fully demonstrated, I opine not, i^ not, let thfem keep their hands off the press. It is true lhat Sir. O'Kane monrgitarily ii»r-1 rels with some jgf nsr Jiut.'We-Admit that Mr O-'Ktuie was aud isp j-enerous foenian, and Ij think be will admit' that he met, many of us*; generous foeoaen also, we can. iu the- frankest manner, place the lanrt4e in the victor's hand] whoever he may be. Tiie owners of this Pep per e--no, no. i mean Edward's ghoaV, thought they were doing a .stroke by exhibiting it in "the Court House the other day, they did not know that that exhibition accrued t-ene6t to no one but Q'&nne.; Why that exhibition luoseu every friend they hait they are now iu the O'Kane camp. If oi r Js.P. had looked over the history of our ouutry they wonld find tlie necessity Ed ward had for this act, in 1319 Edward of England, with the aid of Edward Baliol. defeated David Bruce, King of Scotland, and took Berwick and the surrounding district as CMniietisation for his expenses incurred in the war. Well, these iBerwickers were for many generations previously, a soit of rural bandit i. ever stealing the sheep and sometimes s-ins and daughters Of their Euglish neighbours for the sous and daughters they demanded large ransoms, to stop this sort of idling, E Iward was obliged to place the whole of the Berwickera on what we call their "good l>e liaviour," hence the Act, the resurrection and : irhost of which we have heard «o much lately, i Here is the opinion of some illustrious Judges on law eritici-Henry Koine afterward Loid! Chief Justice.-.Karnes in .an address of his to the jury on n jase brought before him at the i j-Bristol -court, his Lordship says that the Act Edward the third, is-not applicable to any condition other than, it was intended to *nec$ sucli as the wholesale thefts -practised by the people of his Majesty's newly acquired pos sessions of Berwick. John Quinchard eominis sinier of forfeited estates in Ireland from 1624 to 1640 speaks in ui<«t condemnatory language of a judge who used this Aefc in a «f: abusive language, which "took piace between wiveeoftwoofficerein Dublin, his opinion of the use of this Act may be found in his letters on ' martial law, and also in his letters oh free and 1 religions liberty, these letters are agnedl i*I' (Tyler.) Lordu-oodhonselee an'eminent! English judge in his great work called Deci-, eions in the court of Session, says that this \ .Act cannot be applied in any case other than 1 tbose of the same nature as those which it was I by necessity enacted to meet. yours etc,. w. a 