CHAPTER IV.-A CHANCE DISCOVERT. , Sallie Arlington had come to New York to married from the house of her friend. Her fath only resided in Washington during the winte their country-house in Virginia was quite out the way, and as she had no mother to consult, was decided that it would be pleasanter for h to spend the few preceding weeks with Mrs. L trobe in the city. It thus came about that she was married fro the same church which had witnessed the pon and ceremony of poor Regina's wedding. The ceremony took place at noon, as ;had tl other, and, as usual, a crowd loitered about ( the outside, eager to see the faces, the dresse and the style of a marriage in high life. Charles Bostwick was among these. A pair < watchful eyes, singling him out, discovered tin i he had changed much in a few months. Tl I pale clerk had changed into a "swell" j his fa< had grown fuller, his eyes were rimmed ?with re< j he sported a long mustache, waxed, and a cane [ while he bestowed upon such ladies as passe j bold looks, such as were not to his credit. I After a time he began to feel tho magnetic ii fluence of the stoady eyes, till hia own wai I attracted in that direotion, and he met the thri ; ling , gaxe of a poorly-dressed, middle-age< ! homely woman, who was standing near the wa] of the church holding! a child of ll years by th hand. i It was curious that the gaze of such a creatut I could bo '' thrilling," yet Bostwick felt himse] grow cold and warm, while a sharp pain pierce him to the brain. He : looked away with a half-sneer j but' th next moment he stole a furtive observation, ak again met thoso eyes. I " By Jove !" he muttered. "I wonder if sh I wishes to get up a flirtation with me," and h grinned at her, his vanity flattered by a tribut from even this poor woman. s , ? She turned away, while he, uneasy, disturbe by vague suggestions of ho knew not what, con tinued to observe her, until the bridal party drov up. ne then thought no more of her for th present. . A queenlier bride never walked to tho alta than Sallie Arlington, < v As she swept through the narrow way left with,the long folds of her creamy satin rob held up by eight bride-maids, and the richest vei to. be obtained in-Paris shadowing her tall, stately figure, her black eyes glowing with happy light and a bright flush on her brunette cheeks, an; man's pride would , have been satisfied in having won suoh a wife. v It was so natural for Harold Van Schiller t< i appear cold and reserved, that no ono remarke< I the absence of smiles and the beaming expressioi of a bridegroom on his face. He carried himsel splendidly, going through his part o. the rob with admirable ease and self-possession. ? The bride walked through flowers on her waj back to the carriage. ? Tho woman with the child devoured her wit! fiery glances until she was partially concealed bj the carriage. , ' . : Charles Bostwick was too busy observing th« principal actors ; to think, of tho' woman again until just after tho bridal party drove away/wh'oi the noise of an altercation attracted:his idl< attention. Maguire, tho handless ogress, was trying ;t< take the little girl from her p rotector, who woulc not let ber go. \- " 'Eaith, an' I'll have yeas takin* up for a thaft an* a child st'àler !" cried Maguire* in a furiouE passion. . " Liston to rcasonj" said the low, soft voice ol the other, and it was this;voice which fixed Host wick's attention again upon her,j /'you bought this (poor . little creature of-her Italian keeper. You know the police are after all such cases as this. ; That infamous traffic is to be broken up. There is to be no child held in slavery in thiB free country. ' But I; have other claims to this little girl. I knew her father well in days gone by. all the police at once-I wish to show them my claims,to Beatrice." Indeed, an oflicer came up to them without call ing, and before him Maguire shrank away. She knew that she had been cruel to the poor child, and that it would be proved against her, BO she shrank off with the meaningless threat that " she would have her up before the coort¿ by the howly Virgin !" " What's the trouble ?" asked the officer. , ' " Nothing now, sir. That beggar was trying to take away this child, to use as her snare in the begging-business. I ¡have adopted the girl, and shall provide for hor, so that the city will be in no danger of having to take care of her." ; "AU right. If there's any more trouble come to me, and I'll protect you in your wish to keep tho child." An expression of inexpressible ¡ relief came over the pale fTightened.face of.poor Ricksy, who trembled at the very sound : of Maguire's voice. "Iwasafeerd sho would be thar, Mrs. Black. She allers goe3 to weddin's," she said, as they started on their long way home. . ' " Say ' afraid' and ' always,' Boatrice, dear; to please me. I want you to speak very properly, and become a good scholar." , . "Yes'm. I'll try hard. Wasn't tho bride beau tiful, Mrs. Black ?" . \ " Yes, Beatrice, she is a very handsome lady." "But she warn't nigh so beautiful as; my lady, who was married there a year ago last September." ( 1 " Ah 1 I dare say that is. your imagination, Beatrice. Doubtless the lady is far the prettiest, only you are prejudiced." . ?. "No, no, i no ! Mrs. Black, don't say that. My lady was so sweet and so ,lovely, and thia oné is set-up and proud, one can see. Ah, if you could have seen her afore she died." . Her companion squeezed Ricksy's fingers so hard, as she hurried her along, that the poer child could hardly help crying out.. They had to walk a long distance before they .came to their own street. As they ascended steps of the tenemont-houBe, Mrs. Black, look back, perceived that she had been followed the "swoll" whom she had observed at " church. For a moment her heart beat loud*, ¡ was tempted to fly into tho hall and bolt the dc but her second thought caused her to remain j the steps, and lo meet Charles Bostwick's gaze he sauntered by, " I'm blest if I can tell who it is, after all. 1 come here again when I'm in want of an advt ture/' ho thought, as he passed on, af ter bei looked through by the cool eyeB of the wornt "Hope Mrs. Van Schiller is satisfied, now,th she has fairly landed her fish. Such an icebe of a bridegroom wouldn't please some wonien. I hasn't gotten over that little tragedy on the eli at Newport yet ! Ought to do as I do-ride a fa horse, smoke, and drink a little to keep his spiri up. Golly ! it isn't pleasant to see a womar ghost every time you wako up in the nigl Wonder if he dreams of her as often as ldc She's always dead and pointing a finger at m I sometimes see her when I am in the jollie company. The '#boys laugh, and tell mo I a threatened with delirium-tremens. Poor Eegina j 'pon my word, I played you a shabby trick. * Fr for me, but death for you/ as the boys sa, Really, 'pen my word, I didn't believe yon comm'it suicide,' and I wanted my money bad I swear it tickled ~|me to-day to see those tvi I marry "after all ! " I wouldn't risk a fip on the future bliss. . Those blaok . eyes of hera don promise him a peaceful life, 'specially if he don mind his eye." . With such pleasant reflections as these Charh Bostwick beguiled his way to the restaurai where he dined. - A little later in" the 'day Mr.; and Mrs. Va Schiller went on board the steamer for Havri and were escorted out of the bay by a gay part of friends. It was their purpose to remain abroa a year, spending some months in Paris. To ai ticipate the future in their behalf, we will sa that this intention was carried out. The poor seamstress, a3 she went back into he dingy rooms, after the brilliant pageant she ha. witnessed, did not feel inclined to resume he tedious sewing. She sat by the window; lost i: thought, for perhaps half-an-hour ; she then too herpurBe from herpocketand counted its nieagr contents. " Beatrice, we may as well make a whole holi day of it while we are about it. You need th country air; so do I; Wo will put our dinner i] a basket, and ride out by rail far enough t get really in the country. If we hurry we cai reach the Hudson River station in time for th. half-past 2 train." The ohild was delighted. Itt 10 minutes thej were on their way, and a. little after 3 o'elocl they left the railway at a small station by th< river aide. The woman, as if well acquaintec with tho way, walked along a path which wounc up the woody banks, climbed a fence, and thc child isoon found herself wandoring among thc beautiful grounds of a gentleman's place. , "Aren't you afraid of dogs ?" asked Ricksy, ox', as we ought now to call her, Beatrice, " they always keep dogs in these places." ' For often tho poor child had been driven awaj when she would have taken a peep at some en chanted garden, by the fleroe-mouthed oreatureE who had been taugh t to attack rags, as a pari of their duty. , , , Even as she spoke a large dog bounded over the grass, toward them, his red mouth open, look ing very terrible, to Beatrice, who, with a little cry, clung to her companion. " Be still, Robare ! Robare, you know me ! Yes to be sure, my fine fellow-my dear Robare." Mrs. Black scarcely spoke above her usual tones but the animal came up to her more gently and allowed her to smoothe his head, wagging his tail as a sign of recognition. \- " Dear old fellow ! Robare, at least; hos not forgotten me." I She threw herself in the grass and leaned her head against his shaggy neck for a few moments, while some tears fell from her eyes. ' ? rSoon she wiped them away;speaking cheerfully to the girl : "Let us eat our dinner here. It is so quiet, and we are hidden from view: of the house com pletely by this circle of evergreens. There is, however, probably no ono in the house. lb was unoccupied the last I knew about it. A couple of the cottages have the gardener and his assist ants living in them. Robare, lie down. You shall stay with us, and have a portion of our dinner." -, ?They sat there a long time on the cool, green grass, and Beatrice was wondrously'happy. She had never before spent a peaceful hour in BO sweet a spot; - They ate their plain luncheon, at least she did,-with a keen relish. . ? ? " The gentleman you saw mamea xo-aay owns I this place/' spoke Mrs. Black, dreamily, as it grew toward sunset, and the long, level rays glittered against the spires of grass, and the birds began to fly about/their slanting wings black against the crimson sky. . : " Does ho ? I > shouldn't think ho'd go to Eu rope, then," said artless Beatrice, to whom thia shut-in world of grass and trees and flowers was paradise. .' ; ? " We must'be going now. It will be long after dark when.we get home." : . " Oh, dsar I , Must we go, Mrs. Black ?" Tea, dear, But wo will;?? come again. Put the napkin in-the basket and come along." They returned by the same, winding path by which they had entered, and were Boon standing in tho road. "|We can walk a little way," saidvMra. Blaok j " the train will not bo along for 20 minutes." They strolled along the romantic road over looking tho river. They met a good many car riages, and finally three light buggies, built for fast horses to make two-forty in, came whirling along, their occupants laughing and halloing as tho three tried to keep abreast. Mrs. Black drew the child close to tho side of the road, but one of the fellows in passing recognised her, and attempted to rein in, while he accosted her in the most insulting manner. It was Charles Bostwick, n a much worse state than she ho d seen him m I . :: :- ; . . '.''J""i- ' .3 ,,. ? ? ,? J, ¡ the morning} for during their drive the party had halted for refreshment more than once. " Get in, and let rae take you a drive," he said, " I saw that you àdmirèd me at the church, or you wouldn't have stared at me so. Boys, come 5 let's have some, fun with the lady. She's'none too particular, I know." The others reined up their horses, too. Mrs, Black was frightened more even than the circumstances warranted. " Drive on, wretoh !" she said j " I know you, and will have you arrested." The others laughed, and Charley was bound to have it out. "Come up here," he repeated, backing the DUSgy nntil it was so close to her that it almost pressed her against the palings. With a sudden inspiration she snatched the whip from its holder, and laid a heavy cut over the horse's back. The spirited animaljwas frantic at the touch of -the whip, and darted a way with a speed which his driver was powerless to control. He had not gone more than two rods before he brought up against an obstruction, and Bostwick was hurled to the ground with such violence that . he lay motionless, while tho horso continued on his wild way with the overturned buggy at his heels. Mrs. Black was thé first to reaeh the insensible man. His* wallet, a bundle of papera, and a single letter were scattered about on tho road, for his coat had b«en torn open »erosi the breast pocket. Mrs. Black, who was Btooping over.him, noticed the letter, and, without attracting the attention of the men, picked ifc up. One glance at ils di rection decided her to put it in ¡ her own pocket ; then sh© bent over the injured man again and felt his pulse. . ; : ; " He is not dead," she said, curtly, ^ though he deserves to be. Attend to him as best you can. Come, Beatrice, we have no time to lose," and she hurried the child down to tho station, toward which the train was already approaching. It was after dark, as she had said, when they reached home. She spread some bread and butter for Beatrice, and, when it was eaten, sent her to bed. She then placed her lamp on the table of her own room, and sat down to scrutiniBO the letter she had picked up. It was the letter we have heard so much about written by Herbert Dale, from Australia, nearly two years before. For some reason this woman appeared to take a deep interest in it. She read it through more times than once, studying each word. Then she held it closer to tho light, then between herself and the light, and it was while the letter was in this position that Bhe made a discovery-an averpowering discovery, which lighted np her swarthy face with a glow of triumph. "I am glad of the hour; in which, in your drunken license, you insulted a poor seamstress, Charles Bostwick," she murmured. " Tour x>ren oious letter hos passed from your hnnda in to mine, and it will not bo until I have made it serve my purpose that you will ev'er seo it again. May Heaven guard your reckless course until that day I" , . ^ Long she sat afc the table, thinking of many things, trembling, too1 excited to go to bed, the whole tenor of her life about to be changed by tho chance whioh had thrown the lotter;in her When, finally, sho undressed and threw her self beside^ her bed to breathe a prayer /before giving;herself up to sleeps ita tenor ran thus : "Oh, Father of tho fatherless, I thank\Thee that atlast Thou hast held out Thy hand toThy lost and wandering child. With Thy blessing, it may yet be that I can brighten tho honour of a tarnished namo, and do justice ,to a memory now held in abhorrence. For this I must toil weary months, if not years; but if Thou uphold my feet I shall not fail. I ask not, hope not; for happiness, but that justice may be done» Thou hast shown me the way-haBt put the instrument in my hand, and to Thee be all the praise." Haying thus thrown her case on. Him>who is able to bear all,; she placed the letter,carefully ' under her pillow, and was soon asleep; ' ; Í¡ ;' 