The Advertiser SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1882. THE Zoological and Aclimatization Society is in a difficulty that the Government must necessarily help it to surmount. The question of the site for the Zoological Gar dens has not yet been settled, though some eight months ago it was generally regarded as fully arranged that the society should have a piece of ground near the powder magazine, east of the University buildings, and including part of the hill which there has a rather steep slope. There is much to recommend this spot. It is conveniently situated so that the citizens could visit the beasts without having to walk far. From the nature of the ground it would be easy to drain and keep clean and dry the animals' pens and other en closures ; and by driving into the hill cool quarters might be found for the tigers, lions and other animals of the feline genus which suffer so much from the heat where they now are. The wombats and any burrowing wallabies that may be procured would also be comfortably es- tablished in a retreat suited to their constitutions and habits. It appears, however, that a number of persons on North-terrace objected to have this collection of wild animals so near them, and made most powerful and affecting representations to the Chief Secretary of the shocking results that might follow if the Government did not abandon their intentions with regard to this matter. The odor from the animals' dens would be unbearable ; the roaring of the larger carnivora would murder sleep, frightening timid women into fits, and eliciting responsive cries from all the babies between Tavistock-street and the Adelaide Club House ; aud now and then one of the imprisoned kings of the forest or a man-eating tiger might escape and go about seeking what it could devour. All these fears were utterly unreasonable and groundless. In other cities zoolo- gical gardens are quite as near to private residences as the spot in question is, and are not found to be any inconvenience to the residents. The Government, how ever, yielded to the North terrace protests, and the council of the Zoologi- cal Society had to look for another site. They cast longing eyes upon the Botanic Park in which Dr. Schomburgk properly takes so much pride, but the Board of Governors of the Botanic Gardens will not give up an inch of the park for zoological purposes. It should be mentioned tltat the council of the society consider the ground avail- able near the powder magazine as too limited in area, but whether they came to this conclusion when they found that they could not have it, or earlier, we cannot say. They could not have more than four acres and a half there, we under- j stand, whereas in the Botanic Park they think they might hare twelve acres or upwards near the Albert bridge, between the carriage-drive and the river." The governors, however, with the exception of the Mayor of Adelaide, oppose the transfer of this piece of land to the Zoological Society. Dr. Schomburgk cannot endure the idea of losing one of his trees; but the council of the society say they do not wish to injure or interfere with the trees; that without doing so they can accommodate the animals, and that they will under take not to remove or destroy a single tree except By permission of the worthy and enthusiastic curator of the Botanic Gardens. But Dr. Schomburgk is in- exorable, and the Chief Secretary is to be appealed to on the subject; and will, it may be taken for granted, be guided by the necessities of the case, and not un- mindful of the fact that during last session several members of Parliament spoke favorably of a proposal to take part of the Botanic Park for zoological pur- poses. Mr. Bray will be asked either to grant this block by the Albert bridge, or else about a dozen acres at the back of the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum. How this last mentioned site would answer it is not easy to say offhand. The piece of land itself is suitable, but the surroundings may have to be considered. The question may arise whether it is desirable for the beasts and the bed- lamites to be in such proximity to each other, and it is a matter for philosophical speculation what effect dingoes have upon dementia, and whether there is repugnancy or affinity between lunacy and leopards. On these weighty questions Dr. Paterson will doubtless be called upon to report, but it would seem hard if the wild creatures and monsters of the desert, so terrible to the presumably sane people of North-terrace, should be placed under the windows of his patients. It is high time that the site for the Zoological Gardens was chosen. The Society has £1,600 of Government money in hand, besides private subscriptions, but can do nothing about Zoological Gardens till the site is fixed. The change from the presentarrangeinents isabsolutely necessary, for they are not creditable to the Government or to the Botanic Gardetis. The animals have too little space ; there is anunduemortalityamongthem ; the enclo sures and sleepingtplsoes of the dangerous beasts and some of the others are small, cramped, dreadfully hot in summer time, and not sufficiently warm in winter. It is positively cruel to keep animals in small galvanized cages or boxes, with the roof about three or four feet above their heads, while the thermometer is from 150 to 180 in the sun. The sufferings of these poor brutes during the last tew mouths must have been dreadful. When this department is removed from its present position Dr. Schouiburgk will thus have an addition of about four acres in die very heart of the gardens available for planting and adorning with that taste and judgment for which every- ' one justly gives lum credit. His wishes and representations with regard to any thing relating to the Botanic Park will j)i\>]>erly be treated with respect by the Government, but still every question has two sides, and wliat has to be considered is not simply whether it would be a pity to devote twelve acres of the park to zoology, but alsu whether the public convenience aud -enjoy ment would not thereby \\*s promoted to a greater extent tlian by leaving the ground as it is. The advantages and dis advantages must be balanced, and notv tliat two important public Kniies are at issue it is for the Government to decide between them. It will never do to send the annuals out of the city or to the ex treme outer limits of the park lauds ; they must be in a position easily accessible, and obviously it is desirable that they should be near the Butauic Gaideus, so that the citizens or visitors from the country- or from abroad may be able to see both without haviu^ to travel t??> far. For acclimatization pur poses the Government Farm will, it may be presumed, soon be available, but it should be made use of in conjunction, with the Adelaide Zoological Gardens, aud is too distant from the city to supply their place. It is satisfactory to lcaru that the excitement in Egypt, consequent upon the action of what is termed the Nationalist party witli Arabi Bey at its head, is subsiding, and for the present the danger of revolution and bloodshed is past. Whether the success of Arabi in controlling the action of the Chamber of Notables and bringing about the resignation of Cherif Pasha is likely to contribute to a permanent good under standing with the European Towers and to promote the interests of Egyptian peace and progress, is a question that is hotly debated in the European press. By some persons Arabi is applauded and honored as the regenerator of Egyptian national life, and by others denounced as a designing and ambitious conspirator, whose anxiety is very much more about Ilia own personal power and aggraudise tnent than about the wellbeiug of Egypt. It is an easy aud to many minds a most satisfactory solution of the problem to say that in this as in other cases the truth lies betweeu the two extremes. But really it is exceedingly difficult in the conflict of testimony, and with the very restricted means available fur a thorough insight into the temper of Hie country, to come to such an opinion on the merits of the question as can be adopted frith any tliing like certainty that it neither wrongs Arabi byattributingselnsh motives of which lie is innocent, nor overrates him by credit ing him with a patriotism to which he luw no claim. As he appears in the represen tations of some—the leader of a people struggling from long ages of oppression akin to slavery into the possession of per sona] and national lil>erties—the exponent of the suppressed longing of a nation for deliverance from a yoke that has bound down a noble and once mighty people and galled the nation's soul beyond endurance —the voice of a race waking to a sense of their wrongs and demanding a recognition of their national and personal claims—he is sure to command the sympathy and admiration of those who believe that such representations are just. But on the other hand, those whose thoughts are directed chiefly to his military position) and the action by which he virtually die- i tated to the Chamber . the reply they should give to Cherif Pasha's scheme for an Egyptian Constitution, and his bring ing about the resignation of Cherif, will be apt to suspect him of using, as others have done before hint, his military posi- j tion and influence as a stepping-stone to greater power and the establishment of more pretentious claims. At present, though there are tho3e who will stoutly maintain one or other of these views of Arabi Bey's action, it is really too early to conclude with confidence what are his real designs, and to estimate his character and worth. Intercourse with Egypt is still too restricted to enable those at a distance very confidently to decide as to the national feeling at a given moment, or to estimate the action of those who represent that feeling. The fact, however, that Arabi Bey lias contrived to place liimself at the head of the military, and to back the demands lie makes in the name of Egyptian nationalism by a virtual appeal to the power he thus possesses, will do much to raise a suspicion in the minds of Englishmen at least that his designs are not so purely patriotic as he would have people believe, and to discredit the National move ment which he represents. There is in the present day a disposition to recoil from the reforms that use the sword and the cannon for their instru ments. But it would be unfair to apply the same test to public men in England and in Egypt. In England constitutional provision is made for the discussion and reform of all possible grievances. If Richard; Cobden or John Bright had managed to obtain command of the Bri tish army, and by flourishing this power had coerced Parliament into passing the Reform Bill, or the Queen into accepting the resignation of a Tory Prime Minister, however these measures coincided with the popular feeling the means adopted would have been universally condemned, and the men employing them denounced. But when Arabi Bey resorts to tactics analogous to these in order to secure redress for the burdened people of his country, lie may plead that the object could not be secured by constitutional means, and that he was shut up to the method adopted as the only one that could prove effectual. British sympathy, however, may be checked by the conviction that the Na tional movement in Egypt must in the nature" of the case bring the control, en trusted by the Powers to England' and France, under discussion, and may possibly lead to complications in respect to the finan cial and other interests that control isde signed to protect. True Brabi Bey professes that he has no desire, at least for the present, that the tutelage should be abandoned. He recognises the advan tages that have accrued to Egypt from the Control, and declares that he sees in it a means of guiding and training his country to self-government. Yet the very soul of the movement he represents is antago nistic to the Control, The essence of that movement is expressed in the watch word, "Egypt for the Egyptians.' Though tutelage may be endured for a while, it can only be regarded as a temporary expedient, a necessary evil that must be got rid of at the earliest moment consistent with .the safety and prosperity of Egypt. Arabi admits that at present the fellaheen are unripe for self-government, but anticipate their early fitness for it, now that, under the Control, the cruelties and extortions of former ages have passed away, and new national aspirations are everywhere in the land finding birth, and intelligence and information are becoming gradually diffused. With all this it is difficult not to sympathise; and if the National move ment in Egypt can be so carried out as to enable Egyptians to manage their own afl&irs;, at the same time fulfilling their obligations, few English statesmen would hesitate to encourage the hope in the national mind. But the interests for which the Control was established must be protected; and this could not be the case were anarchy and disquiet to prevail. If Arabi brought about such a state of things the controlling powera would certainly step in and interfere; but if the new national sentiment is re strained from expressing itself in acts of violence, and employed in inducing the development of self-governing powers, there ia no reason why in time Egypt should not stand forth in her own inde pendence and regain something of her former greatness among the empires of the world. If this be the outcome of the present movement the name of Arabi Bey will be accorded a place of no little honor in the future annals of Egypt A fi:? days ago it was announced that a large number of prisoners had escaped from Siberia. This news must hare seemed rather astonishing to most persons accustomed to look upon Siberia as a place wherein exiles are hopelessly doomed. The very mention of Siberia revives the memory of horrid inci dents and appalling scenes which have been recounted and depicted over and over ajjaia with shocking fidelity. It is usual to refer to it as a kind of hell upon earth where name less deeds and unspeakable infamies have been perpetrated; where authority has been synonymous with tyranny, and punishment has taken the form of the most fearful cruelty. In this gloomy view* of the country and the uses to which it has been put there is doubtless much truth, yet it is notorious that the picture has been somewhat exaggerated. There is some thing to be said even for Siberia. Since the day on which it was subdued by a brigand named Vermak, and handed over by him to the Muscovite sovereign, it has been a source of considerable anxiety to Russia. Attempts to colonise it were not at all successful, although voluntary emigration waseacouraged by grants of laud. It was consequently deemed advisable to resort to compulsory emigration, and to deport vast numbers of persons whose presence was not appreciated in Russia, yet whose services might bs turned to good account in Siberia. It is reckoned that nearly one hundred thousand Pole* were so deported, - and it is indisput able that the colonisation, such as it is, in Siberia is mainly traceable to these exiles. About six months ago the tercentenary of tbe annexation of Siberia fe? Russia was celebrated with much festivity, and on that occasion the Polish exiles were exceptionally commended for tbe pood they had done for the penal settlement. While this remarkable commemoration was being held despair must hare filled tbe hearts of thousands who mourn over the dear absent ones consigned by a ruthless Government to a living tomb. Still, something had to be done after tbe acquisition of a territory rich in mineral resources and otherwise capable of &Uhtaining; a hardy population, while at the same time proving a. benefit to vie St*t- Had it not been for tbe frequency of reported cruelties, and the barbarou* system long carried out in the mine* and penal establishments of Siberia, there would have been no room to object to Russia founding a penal settlement there. Transportation to Siberia, had it assumed a less severe character, ought have been pre ferred to imprisonment in the dungeons of Russia proper. To the Russian people Siberia conveys a conception of horror which caa only be understood when one recollects that even now persons who by act or word give umbrage to the Government may be exiled by "administrative order." The Russian population of Siberia is said in the present day to consist mainly of the descendants of three classes—political exiles, convicts, and unruly serfs. "A subdivision, however, must be made in tbe class of political exiles, some of whom were banished to Siberia after having been found guilty of rebellion, trea son, or insubordination, while others hare been sent there simply as disaffected and dangerous persons, whom it would be as well to get rid o£ "Those who have lately sue. ceeded in eluding the vigilance of the Russian police and m?irin E good their escape in the direction of Turkestan have unques tionably proved that, while continuing the work of annexation in Central Asia, the Russian Government has unwittingly pro vided a possible way of escape from Siberia. We Lave received from die Treasurer's de partment the approximate statement of the rerenueof the Goternmentof SaaUt Australia Cor the quarter ended 31st March, 188% ana it is of a satisfactory character, notwithstand ing the depression of the farming interest; and the bad season experienced by Che squatters in the north. The revenue for the year ending 30th Jane, 1882, was estimated by the Treasurer on the 17th Kovember last at £2,068,720, and the receipts for the nine months that have expired are £L,72U?l 3s. 7d., considerably over three-fourths of the estimate for the year. For the March quarter the receipts were £371,129 6a. Td. The excess of the quarter's revenue above at fourth of the estimate for the whole year v shown on almostall important items. Customs were estimated at £530,000 for the year, and the quarter's revenue from thig source amounts to £131,226 Us. sd. The amount expected from railways and tramway* was £445,000; and during the past three months nearly £123,000 has been re ceived from this source. The esti mate of proceeds of land sales for the year was £531,000; the receipts Cor the quarter are over £135,000. In some other lines the receipts are considerably less or more than a fourth of the year's estimate, owing to the period at which payments of rents or for particular services are received by the Treasury; and some will probably not realise as much as the Treasurer expected. There can fcardly be a doubt that the accounts at the end of the ""??"?' year will show a surplus. The fol lowing is the statement for the year and quarter, omitting shillings and pence: Jas. Baiter, Win. Hicks, Win. Forsytb, Otto Du?arry, and Dr. Moriaom went brought up at the Police Court on Friday afternoon chaiged with conspiring with David Weatherhead and other persons un known to cheat and defraud the Australian Alliance Assurance Company. The Hon. C. Mann, Q.C., with Mr. J. H. Symou, Q.C., and Mr. Moore appeared for the prosecution ; Mr. Pater for Barber, Hicks, and Forsyth : Mr. H. E. Downer for Dr.Morrison; and Mr. Degenhardt, with Mr. O'Halloran for Da Barry. Forsyth was not present, and Mr. Pater explained that his absence was due, among other reasons, to the fact that he had believed it was sot die in tention of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company to take these proceedings. Mr. Synion, in opening the case, pointed oat the particnlar mannar in which it was proposed to connect Dr. Morison and Du?arcy with the charge, and referred to new evidence which ft was intended to adduce. The principal evidence taken was that of Dr. Gardner, who had made three examination* of Weatberbead, one so late as April, 1881. when he found him suffering from consolida tion of the left apex, and slightly of the right apex of the king, murmurs oeardat the apex of the heart, constitutional syphilis and phthisis. The doctor said he could not imagine a state of ignorance so pro found that it could fail to detect the state of Weatherhead's lungs. At the close of the doctor's evidence Mr. Mann applied for a warrant against Forsyth, saying he did this for the particular reason that he under stood Forsyth waa on the steamer coming back again, and the Rnglidi mail would leave on the following day. The warrant was granted. Bail was allowed the defendants in two sureties of £109 each, and the case waa remanded until the following morning. All the defendants obtained baiL At the meeting of the committee of manage ment of the Royal Agricultural and Horti cultural Society on Friday the secretary re ported that the receipts at the recent show amounted to £335 3s. 6d. against £415 18a. 6d. in the previous year, and that prizes to the amount of £347 Ss. had been awarded. From the report of the secretary to the Boyal Agricultural Society, on Friday, it appears that 83 exhibits have been sent from this colony to the International Wine Exhi bition, to be held at Bordeaux in June next. The exhibits consist of 22 samples of white wine of a light character, lo of full-bodied white wine, 5 of sweet white wine, 9 of red wine of a light character, 22 of full-bodied red wine, 7 of sweet red wine, lof bottled ale, and 1 of brandy. Six bottles of each sample hare been scut, and more will be for warded, if necessary. Mr. J. Walter Tyas has been appointed Registrar of the Adelaide University. He was chosen out of over sixty applicants. There can be no doubt that Mr. Tyas is well fitted, both by education and experience, to discharge the duties of the office. He was formerly connected with the literary staff of the London Tunes, but latterly he has been the representative in Adelaide of Reuter's Telegram Company. We ace informed by Messrs. Healy and Whelan, the treasurer and secretary of the Irish Land League Fund, that they have re mitted the sum of £160 by the outgoing mail in aid of the above-named fund. The sudden death of an infant, aged nine weeks, named James Smith, has been reported to the city coroner. The death occurred on Friday morning at the residence of the child's grandfather, Edward Banks, of Queen-street. The coroner is making It was decided at the meeting of the Boyal Agricultural Society on Friday that a box of grapes should be sent to England in the re frigerating chamber of the r. & O. steamer Clyde, which sails on April 15, and arrange ments are to be made for a report as to their condition on arrival. The following passengers are booked to leave by the X.M.S. Shannon, which sail* frem Glenejg today:—For London—Mrs. and Miss Hallett, Mr. and Mr*. D?vU Iweedie, child, and servant, Mrs., Mus, and lBecaipts tat jBerenne forj onaiter T lSSl-2,as landed 31* j estimated JMardi, 1B8S, i Vorember aniondmate | 17.1881. andsnbiect t to aadk. Customs Probate and succession duties Marine .. Edncation Bents, licences, &c.; Crown lands .. Hent^ ordinaiy.. licences Postages and telegraphs Fines, fees, and for- feitures Sales of Government property fteimbnisements-in-aid Miscellaneous .. Interest and exchange Railways and tramways Waterworks .. .. Tmtnipwrinn rm land sale* „ II £ 550,000 151,226 20.000 14,000 19.900 5.031 3,0*4 4,1*3 i(M,6S2 1,UO 88.496 145,000 25.649 sra 16.262 38,579 4S.O62 13,58* 1,795 34.65S 40.322 20.000 445,000 60.700 4,000 531,000 646 7.63S 1.61T U,?3 1*1.959 U.3j> 1.030 155,49* Total .. .. 2,0fl8,7? S71.12* Blaster Bayne, Mr. E. J. Heath, jun., Mvi Archer, Mr. J. Main, Mrs. R. C. Andrew. Miss Andrews, aud Mr. Andrews, jao. The death is announced of Mr. G. H. Paqualin,'who has for some years been well known as a shipping agent at Port Adelaide. He never took any part in public affairs, but lie was always much esteemed by those who were brought into contact with him, and will lie deeply regretted in the Port and its neigh borhood. The following are the entries for the Easter Regatta to be held on Torreus Lake on Satur day, April B:—Roborine Cup—Norwoods, two crews; South Adelaides, one crew; Blue Jackets, one crew. Easter Cup—Norwoods, three crews; South Adelaides, two crews. Vaudoinc Cup—Norwoods, two crews; South Adelaides, one crew; Blue Jackets, one ?crew. An enquiry was made by the city coroner on Friday afternoon, March 3L, into the cause of the sudden death of EL J. Smith, infant child of John bmith, who died on Friday morning in Angas-street Dr. Jay was sent for, bnt on his arrival the child was dead. There being no auspicious circum stances attending the death, an inquest was cot considered necessary. The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Ofticeduring the week endedjSatuiday, March 23. was—Births, 109 males, 103 females; deaths, 60 males, 33 females; total, 212 births, 93 deaths ; excess of births, 119. In the District of Adelaide the numbers were—birth i, 28 males, 28 females; deaths, 33 males, 14 females; total, 56 births, 49.deaths; exceee of births, 7. With reference to a paragraph which appeared in the Advertiser on Friday, March 31, relative to the refusal by the Government to grant compensation to officers paid ex clusively out of loans, we understand that as far back as ISSO a circular was issued by the late Government to the effect that officers paid out of loans were not entitled to retiring allowances under the Civil Service Act. On Friday, March 31, a very successful Wast was fired at Mr. S. V. Pizey*s quarry. ntarMagUL The quantity of explosives used was 1,000 lbs. of gunpowder and 150 lbs. of KobeTa blasting gelatine, which displaced 4,000 tons of sandstone. The. blast was fired by electricity by Miss Carruthers, the firing arrangements being under the superinten dence of Mr. E. Thomson the agent for Koble's Explosives Company. The annual meeting of the supporters of Tnion College was held on Friday evening. There was a small attendance. The reports presented showed that the results of the operations carried on in connestion with the college during the year had been of a satis factory *J}niwt+r t and from the <m?wfttl statement it appeared that the trustees had invested £SL2IO on mortgage, and that they bad £140 in hand. Defendants who have unsatisfied judgment summonses served upon them had better not fail to attend at the Local Court on the day required. On Friday morning, March 31, Mr. J. H. Stuart, die stipendiary magis trate of the Adelaide Local Court, stated that in future be would fine non-attending defendants £10, the full penalty allowed by law, as he considered they should be treated in the same way as jurors and witnesses who did not appear. The city coroner made enquiries on Friday morning into the circumstances attending the death of Mrs. Seaton's little boy, aged eighteen months, who died in a tent on Government farm, Belair, on Thursday, March 30. The child had been ailing from teething for several days, and the usual domestic remedies were given him, when he got better, but on Thursday morning he was taken worse and died. The coroner censured the parents for not sending for a medical man, but thought an inquest unnecessary, as no doubt teething was the primary cause of ; death. We have to record the death of Mr. BL H. Thomas, of Port a?u?<ja which occurred at bis residence at noon on Friday, March 3L Mr. Thnmaw had occupied the position of manager of the Port branch of the Union Bank for ten or twelve years, during which time he has enjoyed the esteem and respect of nearly every business man in Port Adelaide. He did not come to the front in political matters, but he never failed to assist, both pecuniarily and otherwise, any local institu tion or charity that required help. His death will be chiefly felt by the Port Institute, as he was for years an active member of the committee. A correspondent sends us the following :— ?' Imagine a party of Rechabites going openly to a suburban vineyard for the express pur pose of tasting wines. Such, however, was the fact a few days since. A party of friends connected with the Albert District LO.B. laid a visit by appointment to Mr. Robson's vineyard at the Glynde, the object being to sample a variety of white and red wines. Mr. K. H, Derrington, J.P.. G. W. Cole, D.S., and C. H. Matters, P.D.C.8., were of the party, and after being shown over the grounds, the process of manufacture was ex plained and samples tasted. The wine com mended itself for sacramental purposes and the use of teetotalers, inasmuch as it was un fermented." Nominations of candidates to fill the vacancy in the representation of Hindmarsh Ward in the City Council caused by the resignation through ill- health of Mr. Coun cillor Brooks were received in the Town Hall Exchange-room on Friday, March 31, at Hbon. His Worship the Mayor (Mr, K. T. Smith, M.P.) acted as retuming-officer. The only nominations received were those of John l? Maistre Francis Roberts, of King William street, publican, and James Zimri SeUar, of Huttrstzeet, storekeeper. There being more candidates than are required for election, His Worship adjourned all further proceed ings until Tuesday, April 11, when a poll will be taken in the Town-Hall Exchange room between the hours of9a.ro. andsp.m. Three cheers were given for the Queen. A meeting of the committee appointed at Gawler by the public meeting for the pur pose of raising funds to assist the distressed farmers in the purchase of seed wheat was held in the Gawler Institute on Friday after noon, March 31, Mr. G. Loveridge in the chair. Messrs. James Mmtin, J.P., and H. E. Bright jun., were appointed a deputation to join the Adelaide deputation, and wait upon the Government to endeavour to pro care their assistance. In the event of no deputation from Adelaide being appointed the resolution passed at the public meeting at Gawler is to t>e forwarded to the Govern ment. It was also arranged that Messrs. J. Martin, J.P., T. O. Jones, J.P., J.F. Martin, and G. Loveridge should canvass the town for subscriptions. Early on Wednesday morning information was received in Salisbury that Mr. William Chivell, a well-known resident of Penfield, was seriously ill and not expected to live, and at midday it was announced that he was dead. From information to hand it appears that he had been about his usual business during the week, and on Wednesday he was in Gawler engaged in various matters. He got home early in the evening and retired to rest. Shortly afterwards he was seized with violent pains which continued till he died, his death occurring on Thursday at noon. Dr. Dawes arrived soon after Mr. Chivell's death, but would not give a burial certificate, and accordingly an inquest was necessary. Mr. Chivell was an old colonist, and very highly respected by all who knew him. We have received a circular respecting a grand intercolonial juvenile industrial exhi bition which is intended to be held in the Garden Palace in Sydney at the close of the present year. The objects of the exhibition are—To stimulate the energies and display the abilities of the rising generation of the colonies; to encourage a spirit of emulation by competition; to develop the inventive, constructive, and artistic faculties of all, and to gather new ideas from the works of others; to create a taste for the fim? arts and orna mental works, which will incite them to occupy their leisure hours in mglHng home attractive with the results of their industry; and to assist the charitable institutions by distributing amongst them the proceeds of the exhibition. Parents, employer-, teachers, and the young of both sexes are invited to co operate in the scheme. At the fortnightly meeting of the Glenelg Corporation held on Friday evening, a pass age at arms occurred between Councillor Mair, who occupied the chair, and Councillor Nicholson, in consequence of the latter gentleman desiring to propose a motion before the correspondence and reports had been read, a proceeding which the chairman luled would be out of order. Councillor Nicholson said it was the custom of the council to allow motions to be made on reports as they were read, but Councillor Mair con tended that all correspondence and reports should be read before being dealt with by motion. Councillor Nicholson thereupon submitted to the council the propriety of allowing his motion to be made. The chair man pointed out that lie occupied the chair whereupon Councillor Nicholson replied " Yes; and the positionhas apparently turned your head," a remark which Councillor Mair condemned as being undeserved .[and he called upon the councillor to withdraw the expres sion. This Councillor Nicholson at first re fused to do, but on the chairman threatening to leave the chair unless the expression were withdrawn, Councillor Nicholson withdrew it, and the chairman's ruling was ultimately agreed to. An interesting gathering took place in the saloon of the Spencers Gulf Steamship Com jnny's steamer Flinders, on Friday afternoon, March 31, when the captain, officers, and new of that vessel assembled to bid farewell and make a presentation to the chief engineer, Mr. A. Wtutehill, who, after nearly thirteeu years* sen ice in the company, is leaving to start with others an engineering business in Adelaide. The address, which was read by Captain C. Anderson, was as follows :—"To Mr. Adam WhitehilL—Dear Sir—We. the captain, officers, and crew of the steamship Flinders, beg of you to accept this small testi monial as a token of our esteem and as a souvenir of your time spent amongst us. We need not say that it is with feelings of regret that we lose you from amongst us, but as you are about to enter into business on your own account, we wish you every success in your new undertaking. Wishing health and happiness to yourself, wife, and family, we remain. &c;, the captain, officers, and crew s.s. Flinders." Mr. Whitehill responded briefly, saying that it was with regret he took his departure from their midst, and he should never cease to think of the very many happy times spent amongst them. The presentation consisted of a handsome swinging hot-water urn, having engraved upon it. " Presented to A. Whitehill, by captain, officers, aud crew s-s. Flinders. March 31,1852." A meeting of the council of the Zoological and Acclimatization Society was held at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C., on Friday, March 3L There were present His Honor the Chief Justice, president; Dr. Mayo, and Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., vice presidents ; the Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P., Messrs. W. J. Magarey, F. J. Sanderson, A. Abrahams. George Hamilton, George Boothby. W. West-Erskine, and the hon. secretary, Mr. Minchin. An apology for non-attendance was received from Mr. Samuel Davenport. The president reported to the council that the sub-committee had had au interview that day with the governors of the Botanic Gardens, who declined to allow the Zoological Society any portion of the Botanic reserve. It was decided to appoint a deputation to wait on the Chief Secretary, and request that a site for a zoological garden be fixed upon by the Govern ment, the deputation to consist- of His Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., Dr. Mayo, and Messrs. Boothby, Hamilton, Murray, Magarey, and the hon. secretary. A letter was received from Mr. G. W. Hibbert of near Paradise, asking the council to be allowed to purchase a few of the American bronse- wingedturkeys, lately intro duced by Dr. Mayo for the society. Mr. Hibbert to be informed that at present the council is unable to comply with his request. The secretary was instructed to send one hundred pounds to London for a further supply of American turkeys. We hare received from Mr. W. Gordon, the secretary of the Adelaide Racing Club, a copy of his well-arraHged and complete book programme of the Queen's Birthday Meeting, also of the Winter Steeplechase Meeting which is to take place on August 3 and 7. The Utter will include the Old Course Grand National Hurdle Race of 100 soys. added to a sweep of 5 soys., and the Old Course Grand National Steeplechase, a lianrli^p sweep of 5 soys. with 300 soys. added. The programme also contains the conditions of the Adelaide Nursery Stakes, the St. Leger, and the Cham- Signe Stakes, to be run at the Queen's Birth ly Meeting in ISS3. The general orders issued by the Staff Office state that Lieut. C. E. Herbert has been I appointed adjutant to the second battalion of the Adelaide Rifles. Moonlight parades mar be fixed for the third or fifth of ApriL There is to be a skirmishing match on Easter Mon day for the cup to be presented by His Excellency the Governor. As it has become a common practice to apply for six months* leave, the commandant wishes it to be under stood that in future men who apply for such long leave of absence will be placed on per manent leave, thus coming under the rules as regards payment for uniforms. A meeting to consider the question of the publicans raisingr4hc price of colonial beer in tbe eastern suburbs was held tit the Kentish Arms. Kent Town, on Friday evening, March 31\. There were about twenty persons present, and Mr. C. Falbusch occupied the chair. The chairman, in opening the proceedings, said he did not sec the reason why the publicans should charge 4d. a pint for beer drank out side the hotel as well as inside. If one brewer could sell beer £1 a hogshead cheaper than the other brewers, why should the price not be reduced. He drank a good deal himself, but he thought they would all suffer by the increase. He had .heard that there was a bond between the publicans that the first who broke the rule should be liable to a fine of £25. He would suggest that they form a committee and bind themselves the same, and be liable to a fine of £23 if they broke an arrangement in the opposite direction. Mr. J. Baker wanted to know the reason of the publicans'action, and considered that the brewers should reduce the price of beer £1 a hogshead. He depre cated the brewers' monopoly, and in his opinion the working men were lieing robbed. Mr. Coucbe had spent hundreds of ponnds in that house (Kentish Arms), though he did not do it now, and he, too, wished to knom- the reason for raising the price of beer—td. in and 4d. out of the house. Mr. F. G. Hales suggested that they should write to the press who, he believed, would vindicate their cause. If a gentleman wouldgo to the editors of the papers and lay the matter before them he thought they would take it up. He bad heard complaints from the publicans, who said that in selling beer they were merely drawing for the brewers. Mr. Hales also denounced the brewers' monopoly. (A voice —"They make 255 per cent.'') At home a person could get a quart of good stout for 3d. which had more nutriment in it than a hogs head of colonial beer. Mr. W. Thomas (who appeared to be very excited)—" You arc talking like a fooL" The chairman— "I will not have Mr. Hales interrupted." Mr. Thomas— "Certainly not! certainly not!" Mr. Slow said he had been a beer drinker, and had drunk nothing else. (Laughter.) He thought that the working men would kick against the rise, and sug gested that they might have charged 3Vd. a pint or 7d. a- quart, and not made 'such strides as 4d. and Bd, He would move— " That this meeting strongly objects to the principle of the landlords trying to put thin exorbitant price on the beer. Mr. J. Baker seconded. Mr. Hales, in supporting the motion, again suggested that some one should write to the press, as those connected with it knew who drank the beer. The motion was then put and carried unanimously, and the meeting broke up. It has already been intimated that the Kapunda Company of Volunteers has been disbanded. The local paper commenting ou this says :—" We hear with regret that our company of volunteers is about to be dis banded. So far as we can gather the causes that hare tended to this result have been as follows. Some months back Captain Bos man's resignation was accepted, he having been relieved from active duties for some time previously, when of course all the work devolved on Lieutenant Neale, the only other commissioned officer. We believe an appli cation was made for the appointment of another officer, but this was not complied with, and Lieutenant Neale had un aided to perform both captains and lieutenant's duties, which at times pressed very heavily. As he had not the necessary tune to devote to so close an appli cation to military duties, and his request for assistance had not been complied with, Lieu tenant Neale sent in his resignation. This we understand led to its being intimated that if be would continue in the force he would be appointed as captain, and the company's strength might be fully made up by recruits. On consideration, however, r-iwrfMimt Neale decided to adhere to his previously expressed determination, and his resignation has accord ingly been accepted with expressions of re gret. But in place of appointing otherofficera the colonel has somewhat strangely deter mined to use this resignation as a means for getting rid of the whole company, which &yes; some color to the report we previously alluded to, that he is anxious the entire regiment should be located in Adelaide and the imme diate suburbs. It is generally understood that the same post that signified the accep tance of Lieutenant Neale% resignation also brought the intimation that the entire com pany, which numbers about 60 effective mem bers, whose training must have cost the Go vernment a very large amount of money, is to be disbanded as sooa as the class-firing is completed, thus literally wasting the expen diture referred to. It is not toiWh to say that tins will be felt by many ardent mew bers to be very cavalier treatment—not at al calculated to foster the volunteering sniri that is supposed to contribute so much to th success of a force of this kind. Many of th members have at great sacrifice undergone th preliminary fag work of the service, and just when they anticipated the enjoyment in con nection therewith, they are coolly told they can go. There is in all contracts a mutual agreement, and the men who agree to serv ? for a given time have a right to expect tha*-. such services will be availed of for the full period unless the position is forfeited by mis conduct. We cannot help expressingour con viction that Colonel Downes is miA-i n g a mistake in treating the force in the manner he has done of kite. The summary dismissals on the 9th November still rankle in the minds of many; and we notice by the town papers that what appears to be very harsh and un warranted treatment, has also quite recently been meted out to members of the Adelaide Military Band, who have been fined 10s. each for absence from a parade at which it is not usual for the band to attend." §fWe"have received Mr. Williams's pocket diary for the current month. The March number of the Australian Journal is to hand. The serial maintains its reputation for excellence, " Pantheism, the Parent of all Religions," is the subject of Mr. Sawkins's freetbought lcctuie at the Albeit Hall to-morrow night. A complimentary recital by the leading organists of Adelaide is to be given to Messrs. Fincham & Hobday, at their factory in Twin-street, at 2 o'clock to- day. There was another large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening, when "Tambour Major" was repeated with great success. The same opera will l>e produced to-night and until further notice. It will be seen by advertisement in another column that an Adelaide share register has been established in connection with the Westport Coal Company, New Zcalaui. This will enable transactions in shares and the general business of the company to be attended to at the company's office in Adelaide. Mr. H. R. HarwoGd, the comedian and well-known actor, who is now perforating with the opera troupe at the Theatre Royal is to be tendered a complimentary bene fit on Wednesday evening next. Air. Harwood's association with the Australian stage has extended over twenty-seven years, and we learn with regret that he shortly in tends to sever his connection with it. During the whole of that long period he has been conspicuous as manager and leading actor in his endeavors to please the public and deserve their good opinion, and if such commendable efforts are but fitly recognised Mr. Harwood will have a crowded house at the theatre ou the night selected for his benefit. The members of the South Australian Bicycle Club bad a most enjoyoble run on Friday night. The weather was fine, the air keen and bracing, and there was sufficient moonlight to allow of easy and comfortable riding. Fourteen members mustered at the General Post-Office at about 7.30, and a start was made shortly afterwards, the route to Glen Osmond being taken. The Vine Inn was reached after a run of about twenty-five minutes, and a halt was called for refreshments. After a stay of half an hour the party returned to the club training track at Parkside, where the members under Captain Gault went through drill exercise in preparation for the Easter meet. The bicyclists returned to the city shortly before 10 o'clock having thoroughly enjoyed the ride. We have received a copy of the official record of the Melbourne Exhibition of 1890- Sl, published by the authority of the Com missioners. The work consists of an intro ductory article on exhibitions generally, a sketch of the inception and consummation of the Melbourne Exhibition in particular, a description of the exhibits, the official awards, and a catalogue of the exhibits. It is also embellished with several very fair engravings, giving an external view of the exhibition buildings, with plans of the Carlton Gardens showing the allotment of space, an in terior view of the British Court, and several representations of certificates, prizes, article* exhibited, &c.; The way in which the report has been got up reflects great credit on Messrs. Mason, Firtb, & M'Cutcheon, of Mel bourne, who were entrusted with this duty, and it is a good sample of the class of work that can be turned out by colonial publishing houses. An entertainment was given by members and friends of St. Andrew's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association in St. Andrew's lull, Wakeficld-strect, on Friday evening, March 3L There was a good atten dance, the Bey. E. Rorkc occupying the chair. The principal feature of the enter tainment was a short lecture by Mr. A. W. Bobbie on "The Phonograph.** The lecturer in a clear popular style, gave an explanation of the laws of sound, so far as concerns their application to the instrument invented by Mr. Edison, of the uses of which practical illustrations were presented. Mr. Dobbic's phonograph is an excellent instrument of its kind, and is constructed with such care and finish in every part that it gives much better results than can possibly be attained by machines of inferior workmanship. The capa bilities which popular imagination ascribe to the phonograph have of courto never been realised in practice, however pos sible they may be in theory, but Mr. Dobbic's instrument really reproduces the original vibrations of the diaphragm with sufficient accuracy to make the repetition of the words spoken by the operator fairly intelligible to the audience. The lecture was much enjoyed, and Mr. Dobbie received a well- deserved vote of thanks for the amusement and instruction he had given. Several musical selections and recitations, capitally rendered by members and friends of the society, helped to make up a good even ing's entertainment. On Wednesday, March 20, a farewell tea meeting was given at Gawler to the Rev. R. W. Campbell, Wealeyan minister, and was very largely attended. After the tea a meet ing was held, presided over by Mr. Dawkins, the senior circuit steward. A letter was read from Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P.. regretting the illness which prevented him attending, and also that Mr. Campbell's term of office had come to a close. Short addresses were then delivered by Messrs. Bray, junior circuit steward, Kelly, of Onetree Hill. C. AnneUs, secretary, F. Fowler, Forgie, Jas. Jones, S. Dawkins, J.P., Pederick Coles, Limb. Bache lor, Congrevc, and Lock, who all spoke in hiph terms of the rev. gentleman as a man, a preacher, a pastor, and a friend, and re gretted exceedingly that the exigencies of the Methodist itinerancy compelled him to leave, though at the same time admitting the wisdom of that system. An address to the same effect, and handsomely printed on white satin, was then presented by the chairman to Mr. Campbell, accompanied by a few feeling remarks. The Rev. Mr. Campbell replied at length, speaking of the advantages attending the Methodist Church, and attributing anything he had gained in force of character or mental calibre in a great measure to its influences. He then graphically described his conversion, his early duties as a local preacher, his struggles against the temptation to throw up that duty, his triumph and the successful results attending. He said that the three years he bad been in their midst had been a time of peace, and that he bad found in the Gawler Church many willing hearts and bands to assist in the work, and it only remained for him to wish, in die words of the text from which he had preached to them on the last Sabbath, "May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." During the evening the choir, assisted J>y the congregation, sang several appropriate hymnx. 