CONSECRATION OF NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH, PORT PIRIE. For years past the Koman uatnoucs ot ±'ort .tone have been worshipping in a small weatherboard structure, altogether inadequate to the require nsirf- nf the eonzrecation. About two years ago the pastor (Kev. J. Neibauer, b.J.j nrst mooted tne necessity of building a new church on their property in Uertrude-street. The congregation entere'd heartily into the pro posal, and commenced work forthwith. Plans wree procured and a Building Fund started. The foundation-stone was laid by the Very Eev. Father Byrne, Vicar-GeneraL The building when completed will consist of nave, SO feet long, 40 feet wide, and 35 feet high to hip of roof ; chancel, sacristy, and necessary offices for celebrating all the services of the Church according to the ritual The whole of the above design has not been carried out. Only one-half of the nave, with the west porch, has been completed. The portion completed 13 42 feet long, 40 feet wide, 35 feet high to hip of roof, and 25 feet to top of side walls. The church is built of dressed Napperby freestone, with cement dressings. In the west front niches are left for the reception of statues. The in terior is plastered, stuccoed, and pencil-lined in blocks. The east end is relieved by a beautiful arch of 10 feet span, under which the altar is placed. Over the altar a crucifix is hung. The church i3 lighted by twelve stained-elass winiows, manufac tured by Mr. Brookes, of Adelaide. The windows, commencing from the north-western corner of the church, bear the following inscriptions : — ' Indeed, the Lord is in this place, and I knew it not ; how terrible is thi3 place f ' This is no other but the house of God and the gate of Heaven f ' And he said to them, receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained.' The xoof is lined between the principals with matchboard, and formed into panels. The principals are stained and varnished to represent oak, and the panels varnished, forming a beautiful contrast. The principals rest on trusses projecting from the wall about four feet from the top. These are chastely ornamented with piaster mouldings. Provision has been made for a gallery in the west end of the church, which will be entered by a stair case from the porch, which is 16 feet by 12 feat It is for organ and choir, but will give accommo ation for fifty persons if required. A vestry has also been built at the east end of the church. Mr. C- Polain was the architect, and Mr G. W. Scotcher, contractor for the building. The cost has exceeded £1,300, of which £500 wa3 raised before the opening services. The contractor de serves special mention for the way in which he carried out his work. The church will hold 400 persons, but at present sitting accommodation is provided for 300. The consecration was celebrated on Sunday, July 9, by the Bight Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of the Diocese. The services commenced at 8 a.m., when Bev. Father Karlinger read mas3 in the old chapel. At 10.30 a large number of the con gregation proceeded to the Presbytery in buggies and on horseback to escort His Lordship to the church in Mr. J. L. Goombe'a buggy and pair. On arriving at the church grounds the following address from the congregation and members of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society was read by Mr. James JIcGuire :— ' To the Right Reverend Christopher Augustin Reynolds, D.D., Bishop of Adelaide.— May it please your Lordship— We your faithful ser vants and children in Christ, assembled in St. Mark's, Port Pine, beg to approach your Lordship with feelings of deep devotion and loyalty to your high and holy office in the Catholic Church, and profound respect for the person and dignity of your self. We hail with delight your visit to our port, and regard the same with deep thankfulness, know ing that the journey hither must have been fraught with serious inconvenience to your Lordship. We hope you will be pleased with the zeal of your flock in the erection of the edifice which you are now about to bless and dedicate to the service of God, and trust that the blessing of Almighty God will come from on high upon you and upon us, wno shall ever pray for your Lordship's health and happiness, and for the welfare of the Holy Catholic Church. May the God of all grace keep you in His holy keep ing, and long spare you to fulfil the duties of the sacred office you have hitherto adorned.' The Bishop made in a few sentences a suitable reply. After replying to the address, His Lordship pro ceeded to the vestry and robed. A procession wa3 formed, and, preceded by crossbearer and server carrying the pastoral staff, passed down the centre aisle to the outside ot the church, where the dedi cation service was commenced. After passing round the church the procession re-entered by the west door, and proceeded to the altar steps, where the Litany of the Saints was said by the Bishop and priests. The beautiful and solemn ceremony of de dicating the altar was then performed, after which the procession passed round the interior, chanting psalms, the Bishop continuing the dedication cere mony. The Bishop then retired, and Father O'Brien commenced mass. Webb's Mass in G was sung by a voluntary choir, consisting of Misses Anderson and Trapmann, Messrs. Francis, Seibert, Gordon, Cooke, and Brookes. Mr. George Rogers was organist. The singing was good throughout, and warm encomiums were spoken regarding it at the close of the service. Mr. Rogers deserves great credit for the pains and trouble he had taken in its production. After Mass, His Lordship ascended the altar steps to preach. His text was from the 7th chapter Second Book of Paralipomenon, 11th to 16th verses inclusive — ' And Solomon finished the house of the Lord, and the King's house, and all that he had designed in his heart to do in the house of the Lord, and in his own house, and he piospered. And the Lord appeared to him by night, and said, ' I have heard thy prayer, and I have chosen this place to myself for a house of sacrifice. If I shut up heaven, and there fall no rain, or if I give orders and command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people ; and my people, upon whom my name is called, being converted, shall make supplication to me, and seek out my face, and do penance for their mo3t wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sins, and will heal their land. My eyes also shall be open and my ears attentive to the prayers of him that shall pray in this place. For I have chosen and have sanctified ttiis place that my name may be there for ever, and my eye3 and my heart may remain there perpetually.' His Lordship began by referring to the very earliest period of history in which the sacrifices to the Almighty were mentioned in Holy Writ, the first dating back from the time of the Scriptural creation. Abel was the first celebrant of an authentic sacrifice of whom record was known, and when Noah came from the ark he caused the smoke to ascend from his burnt offering when the waters subsided from Ararat. Then there were the sacrifices of Abraham after his pilgrimage to the Holy Land, and especially in the contemplated offering up of Isaac. Tracing the sacerdotal functions of the Churches, the Bishop came to the time when the descendants of Abraham were wandering in their forty years' pilgrimage in the Wilderness, carrying the Tabernacle and Ark of the Covenant from place to place with them, which was all the time guarded by the Pillar of Cloud by day and the Pillar of Fire by night. Again, after the settlement of the chosen people in the Promised Land, it was recorded in the Scriptures that the Ark of the Covenant was car ried by them to their wars, and reminded them of the presence of God in the camp, and was most jealously guarded. The Ark of the Lord, however, was but a type of the true Church, which first had its exemplification in the Temple of Solomon, which the Lord had decreed David to make preparation for, but which he wa3 not allowed to build on account of his being ' a man of war.' Solomon, on the other hand, being a lover of peace, had deputed to him the work of actually building the Temple ; and in that first Temple at Jerusalem were offered sacrifices typifying the life and resurrection of our beloved Lord. In that temple the sacrifice was cele brated every day, and the Prophet Malachias had said that that sacrifice shonld ba daily remembered throughout the world. Without wishing^ to enter the field of controversy, to which it was Known he (the Bishop) had never entered, he would ask where that prophecy was fulfilled, except in the Catholic Church ; for as the advancing day ran, so all round the world as the sun shone was the mass celebrated. The' unbloody sacrifice' of the present day was the fulfilment of Malachias's propnecy. While con gratulating the people on the possession of such a beautiful church— a church which would be a credit to the colony, and, indeed, to any Christian town or city — he drew attention to the fact that the Almighty could be worshipped in the midst of the ocean, on the tops of the mountains, or m the bowels of the earth, in each of which the praise could be equally fervent and sincere. In speaking of the latter, His Lordship paid a graceful tribute to the Prince of Wales, who had importuned *f''g Victor Emmanuel to preserve the underground church of St. Clement's from demoKtionDy 'the hands of the barbarians now ruling Italy. Although people could pray in any place, still the Lord had chosen a particular spot in which to offer up thanksgivings, for in the words of the text he had ' chosen this place for a house of sacrifice.' Therefore it was the bounden duty of the people to endeavour by every means in their power to clear ofi the debt on the building. To his .non-Catholic brethren be tendered his thanks for their assistance, and prayed that God would bleas them a hundred-fold in the ?vns .which to him seemed best. Over £1,300 had been spent in the erection of the building, Tover £800 of which still remained to be paid. That ? sum be knew could not be wiped off in one effort, bat he was certain that by combination in the way of monthly or quarterly payments the debt could be liquidated in the course of two years. That object would first of all be gained by reliance on the help of God, to whom he (the Bishop) looked for the \- fulfilment of their hopes. After the conclusion of an eloquent sermon the Bishop collected the 'offerings, which amounted to £U6 in cash, and about £20 more was promised. The Bishop then administered the sacrament of confirmation to thirty boys and twenty-one girls, from all of whom he received the usual promise given to His Lordship of total abstinence until the age of twenty-one. The Bishop's benediction was then given, and the service ended. There were quite live hundred present during the service, and numbers could not find room. 