SELECTED POETRY. WAMBERAL. BY HENRY KENDAILL. Justs shell, to which the seaweed, gi[?]tering yet with greenness clings, like the song that once I loved so, softly of the old time sings— Softly of the old lime speaketh-bringlng ever back SlghtsTof far-off lordly forelands—glimpses of the sounding sea! , _ ‘ _ jfow tbo cliffs are all before me—now, indeed, do 1 behold , . , . Shining growths on wild wet billheads, quiet pools of green and gold. And. across the gleaming beaches. lo! the mighty flow and fall Of She great ingathering waters thundering under Wamberal! Back there are the pondering mountains—there the dim dumb ranges loom * Ghostly shapes in dead grey vapour—half-seen peaks august with gloom There the voice of troubled torrents,' hidden in unfathomed deeps. Known to moss and faint green sunlight, wanders down the oozy steeps. Thera the lake of many runnels nestles in a windless wUd K*r amongst thickfolded forests, like, a radiant human child. And beyond surf-smitten uplands—high above the highest spur— Lo! the clouds like tents of tempest on the crags of Kincumbor! Wamberal, the homo of echoes! Hard against the streaming strand. Sits the bIU of bHniL blicV caverns, at the limits of the had.-.-. Here the banghv^ l^ marches—here the flights of atnightrariJP Make a ncrf^ lass wnat of trumpets, breaking wide across . But befao#s« res P ec j£<vCrescent that & ring of island Are the gol|^£ ll P &D; s’ ,B 'ald cisterns shinieg moonlike in the rocks fA Clear, bright 2°Ded by mosse?, where the f«int wet blossoms dwell With the leaf of many colors-down beside the starry sh.-U. Friend of mine beyond the mountains, here and here the perished days Come like fad reproachful phantoms, in the deep grey evening haze— Come like ghosts, and sit beside me when the noise of day isstil. And the rain is on the window, end the wind is on the bill. Then they linger, but they speak not, while my memory roams and roams Over scenes by death made sacred—other lands and other homes! Places sanctified by sorrow—sweetened by that face of yore— Pace that you and I may look on (friend and brother) nevermore! Seasons come with tender solace—time lacks neither light nor rest; But the old thoughts were such dear ones, and the old dap seem tbo best. And to those who’va loved and suffered every pulse of wind or rain— Every song with sadness in It brings the peopled Past again. 1 here!ore. just this shell yet dripping, with this weed of greinaud grey, Se s me thinking—sets me dreaming of the places for away: Dreaming o! the golden rcckpools—of the foreland and the fall; And the home behind the mountains looming over Wambtral. 