iùi)t á>gü¡i»r¡) ¿t'ionung - Jjtralï. SATUKLAÍ; APRIL 22, im. It scorns liitelj' that President ARTRTB'I torin of oüico iü tho United States will bi memorable for' tho establishment of mon friendly otHcial relations witli Kngland. Tin galutaliou ot thc British HAJJ, in October at thc ceutunary of thu turininatiou ot til to vol LI tiona ry war, was au net oí goodwill tritliug perhaps in itself, but important bj reason ot its uni verbally recognised sign'.t cancc. The sutlsfactoi-y conclusion of tbt correspondence about tho Manama Canal, b | which tho calm resistance of Die, Jiriti* Government to ' Mr. BLAINE'S unfriendly aol untuuuültt uluitufl was followed by UM» abuudonmûnt, although.. they had at li" boginuing received Mr. ARTHUR'S cor»iï»rrenrt and support, was a sign oE the'influence of i reasonnblo and friendly. .Bpiritj tbs dominance of which in future cootrovarsíd would be thc beet ut guturaotuw as««1 the occunouee ot any serious'dUliculty « estrangement betwoijutho two Powere. Aai now wu have thu announcement that A WU has been introduced into tue Señalo to provvfc , for tho repayment to Great Britain pf theo* expended und unclaimed bnlmibu of tiwi*" donmity paid by Great .Britaiu .lp- tba United ¿tutes in ' satisfaction oí I Alabama claims. If that bill .should ps* I into luw, and full restitution éboula1 * made, there will be not merely u recovery rf cash by tho Knglitdi Government/ 'Tliaf will be a trille on tho aar taco. Tho .great .read» will bo the rehabilitation .of tlío .'¡Lónoiit ¿ tho United Sluto^/aAd/tho.removoJ.ofia-ji^ cause for ru sen til i vu t from . tho lingiUK wini . lt may bo i>l inlerost to glance tvt BOW pointe in the history of the Alabama tiUpoft which show that this 'ia- not ku' uX0£gCf»w representation. Thé pfajms preferred ^J* "United StaUis agilinrit' tne British (¡ovsrniue1 ;arctee out of U\a .de^ttuc^ou pf, bhipi¡»ff i cargóos balougingito American citiíoM ^ I tho Confudomte ci'iriüors 'Alabama, Florid Shenandoah, and Georgia. ?'' The 'E1*8!? 'rhib'ebiol Imd been '(KW. by' 'tho 'AÎÀnM? W' English-b>iilt *Kteainer//.iiw'híÍ,'^v. ltf sailed, from ' un _ jlLpg|iJah ' lpoiit,...!-<0*r ¡ on. .board; <ar/paineut..,. and; unuuiuou* ' 1 .eba. tUexAoDou uaauiuatl.xthe . ftiatu* ' ' % iD»nr©*.-w«T in .tho Confodorato. navy, and , r\K\e<\ «ï'o» American commerce. Tho Ifaiftfl ?iiíalOB Government held tho liritish Governnu-ut responsible Tho. British Govern- ment denied ita r-'spnriftlbiUty under tho then uxeptod canons u£ international law. Tho 1 thiutB wore loft in abeyance for a timo, but 1 n^ra revived and pressed when the collapao 0{ tho Confedorato cause loft the Federal Govvrnraftnt -with its hands freo. After some eoutrovcrsy a convention for tho sottlc meut of the difficulty, by arbitration was «greed to, the American Minister, Mr. KEVKIIDY JOHNSON*» and Lord STANXEV (a inembor oE the Conservative Government), having drafted its provisionA, But thia convention did not com- mit the British Government sufficiently, and ^43 rejected by the American Senate after a riaient speech by Mr. Suuxjut, who de- manded that Kngland should be held respon- sible, not only for tho property which tho cruisers destroyed, but also for tho destruction of american commerce, which waa tho in- direct result, and for the cost of prolonging the war. The question wa» reopened after tho for- mation of tho GLADSTONE Ministry, and a joint high commission of representatives of Great Britain and tho United States was appointed to draw up a treaty, laying the lasis of on arbitration, and providing for a general settlcniont of differences between the two 1'owors. The distinctive peculiarity of the treaty winch tho commissioners signed, ifter a protracted discussion, was that England agreed to be bound by a new principle of international law which' lad previously been denied, and to let tits bo the governing principle by which her conduct and responsibility should bo tried. In other wools, England submitted to bo judged by a law made after the occurrence of the circumstance» to which it was to bo applied. This was undoubtedly a great con- cession j but it w,as made .in part for the tcttlement of tho disput then in hand, tod in part aa a wise provision against future contingencies. The new role was that a neutral Power should be responsible for depredations where its Government had nut exercised the utmost possible diligence and precaution to prevent tis fitting-out of privateers ; and it waa obvious that if' Great britain and tho United States bound themeotves by treaty to the acknowledgment of Uris principle, a strong barrier would bo raised against a danger to. British commerce that would othor *ùe. havo arisen had England been at war, . and neutrality boen proclaimed by tho United Staten. Tho probability of Aich a dangar anning at auch a tune had gtnerally'becn admitted. Sc far, while the United States Govern- ment had gained its own way, and England had shown every disposition to bu yielding and conciliatory, thero was a certain air of moderation about the proceedings. ' But when the Court of Arbitration at Genova had met, and the cuso for the United States bad buen submitted, it was scon that the timo for diplomatic reserve had passed away. Mr. STJMNEII'S violent rhetoric had rather served as tho model of . ityle. Tho case was pieparcd in such a way u to suggest that its author was a third-rate Uivjer conducting some peity private litiga- tion in an inferior court, rather than tho representative of a great nation in on intc*r aational controversy. Thu claims for indi- rect damages, moreover, were revived, though England had nover consonted to go to arbi- tration upon them, and thoy had not boon formally pressed in thu preliminary negotia- tions by thc United States Government. Tho rejection of theso preposterous claims on the Metido, and the refusai to withdraw them rm tbe other, well nigh led to tito termination of the <wholo business ; and although that result was avoided, it was not through tho utfoa of the United States, but by tho declaration of the Court that, in accordance with tte principles of international law, th03* muet be ?wholly excluded. That was prac- tically a Eorero aensuro vpon tho United States. The award was given in September, 187*2. Tba Court found unanimously that Qront Britain, judged hy the new rule, was liable for tho acta committed by tho Alabama. The Terdict of guilty wns by majority upon other points; and. as to all but. three of tho aaiscre, Great Britain was acquitted. But Thilo the claims preferred; according to s revised statement, amounted to nearly W.SOO.OOO, the Court awarded a gross «rn of .£3,220,000, including interest. Ciforo the cloe«; of September, 1Ö73, tho in ! icmnity was paid at Washington. But tho natter did not. .cud there. Thu mo noy was paid to the United States Government, and that Government "had then to settle with individual claimants of damages, Tho claims lad lo bc investigated. Homo could not bc maintained. Some people who Ind insured the uliip» and cargoes which' lad been . destroyed, anti lind recovered 1bc insurance, wanted t< get thc value- a pond tima, and failed. Then carno the question whether the insurance offices should I* paid ; but they had received their cou (ù Wat ion in the premiums, and that cla/tc was denied.. In 1870, tho PJIKSI £f!YT* .stated to Congress that all original china s'Jaad been satisfied. But at that time i'2,00C\O00 out of tho £3,220,000 remained, tod the extortionate demand of ninoand a-hal'f aillions Aad thus been mot-when tho facts i«d been fitted-Ly a payment of lesa than end a- quarter. After all tho outcry this wis a rem. vit obie state of things. It is still niora remai vable that this balance, ascer- tained six yea vs ago, should have been retained ."long. _ On tho first Qf this year there came kto forcoan Impi*öal -Act, which is published fa foll in a suppl"ftment to tho Government f'Oieth of this colo.iy, and which ia of par "'ciliar interest to all oVrsons who contemplate forming away from ft,sfcice, aa well a« to | others who are inte.tev'tod in their' not t-'nning away. It in cuV^ed tho " Fugitive benders Act," and the oV'jccA of it ia to j get rid of many of the tech nical diflicnlties | which have hitherto stood in -the way of por wñ» befog arrested and Urdi'gbt to trial; Kow that thia'Act-is in force, Offenders will find that in any part of the Britifh'i dominions justice can promptly lay its handsajipon them, «nd that all quibbles' about bouuûaries and jorisdictioi, aro things of tho pant. Too ilrst clause1 states briefly that w.'herca prwa accahed of. having . coinmiltèt! an *fcnei» tn omi part of her ALunn-r'a dfrmi *fo*M haéJeít that part, he sholl be.liable if *.""»!? ' ip .-mother- jwirt of her MAJJÎWÏ^ ^Infant«- to be apprehended and re tomeo. The. Jtpp'jobeijKioD "may toke placed "that under an endorsed warrant ps 0 provisional warrant. Tn s. «olopy tho Governor, if satisliod that the warrant was, issued by lawful authority, moy endorso it, and that .endorsement Is au authority'to apprehend tho fugitive within that colony, : and to bring him before a magistrate. ' A magistrate in 'any part of her MAJESTY'S do 1 minions may issue a provisional warrant for tho apprehension of any offendor supposed to bo on his way thither, the^ object of this being to have authority to apprehend fugitives on arrival ; but, of course, before issuing Bilah a warrant tho magistrate must have- information of the same sort aa would justify him iu issuing a warrant for an offender within his jurisdiction. A fugitivo, when apprehended, is to bo brought before a magistrate; who shall hear the case, and | have tho' same jurisdiction and powers o^ if the offence had been a local ono. If the pri- soner is committed for trial, authority hi then given to rotürn him to tho place whoro tho offence was committed. In a colony tho Governor may, by warrant under his hand, order this return, and for that purposo may ordor him to bo delivered into the custody of the persons to whom the warrant is addressed. If the person apprehended is not returned within ono month, he may, unloss sufliciont causo is shown to tho contrary, be discharged out of custody ; and if such person is not prosecuted within six mouths, or is acquitted, ho is to bo sent bncl: freo of cost. A supe- rior court, too, possesses tho powor to dis- charge a fugitivo, if the charge Beems frivo- lous or unjust; so that thoro scorns ovo ry reasonable protection against the Act hoing abused. Tho second part of tho Act applies only to those groups of British possessions to which, by roason of their contiguity or otherwiao, it may acorn expedient to apply it, and tliis is to bo dono by Orders in Council. One clauso in this part provides that when witnesses required tn give evidence in criminal cases uro, or uro suspected of being, in an adjoining possession, or on their way thoroto, they can bo summoned, as if thoy were in tho colony whero the offence was to ho tried. Another important provision is, that where two British possessions adjoin, a person accused of an offence committed on,. . or within tho distance of five hundred yards from, the com- mon boundary of such possessions, may ho apprehended, tried, and punished, within either of such possessions. So, too, porsche committing offences on a journey be- tween two liritish possessions may bo tried in any liritish possession through a part of which tho journoy was made. Prisoners removed by Bea from ono placo to another continue in legal custody during tho whole of tho interval. If any prisoner escapes from custody, he may be re- taken in tho same manner aa any escapeo may bo in that part of her MAJESTY'S dominions. lt ia further provided that if tho Legislature of a liritish possession poss any Act or ordinance with a viow to carrying out the purposes of this Act, her MAJESTY may, by Order in Council, gi va tho same effect to that local Act throughout her MAJKSTV'S dominion.-*, and on tho high seas, as if it wore part of tho Imperial Act. It ts also provided that, instead of returning prisoners, they may bc triod whero thoy are apprehended, if, all things considered, it is expedient that they should bo «o tried. Under these provisions, offenders will have to bo vury clover to escapo justice. Kunniug from one colony Lo anothor will no longer serve them. Anything that makcB justice swift and decisive, and diminishes thc chances of an offender getting away, tends to add to tho terrors of the law, and increases tba security of the well-disposod. Wo may count this new Act, thoroforo, as a clear social gain. _ Thc nationality returns- of tho census show that the native-born population of Now South Wales constitutes now between four and rive sevenths, of tho wholo population of tho colon}-, and its relative proportion must steadily increase. The foreign population ie not very large, numbering onl}- 28,51 G. Deducting those, thero remain in tho colony only 720,422 liritish subjects, and of these 510,2G7 aro of Australasian birth, and, thoreforo, are identified with this great group of colonies. They have not all been boin in Now South Wales, but only 44,703 have been born in the other colonies; and if we deduct those of our own people who havo moved away to some of tho neighbouring settlements, our net gain repre- senting those whom we have drown to us will not bo very, laige. The great fact which is worthy of notice is that very near]}- half-á million of those now resident in the colony call it their birthplace. Sir JOHN ROBJÍIITKON wa» triumphing the other day o vcr Mr. Bunny in respect of the larger »umber of native-born Ministers that wo havo os compared with "Victoria. Victoria has not been so long in existence as we have. Perhaps whou it is as old as tho parent colony it moy HIIOW os large a number of native- born Ministers. Tho mother colony naturally takes the lead in a matter of thia kind The next census will show a Btill larger proportion of nativo popu- lation, as it ia not to be expected that we Bhall got any .immigration to an extent equal to the natural increase of thc population. It ie not to be desired that any feeling of opposition should ever bo en- gendered botween thoto who happen to havo been born in the colony and those who wetb born elsewhere. Our iuterost ia to put the most competent men into oflico, wherever they wero born. But at tho samo timo it doeé grcotlv affect tho »tabilil-y of our institutions that tho majority of our people should always look upon this , country ns. their homo, anti should have, that attachment to it which people have to thc land of their birth. RoDFtiucK M'LBAW'S acquittal followed his trial almost as a matter of course, lt was iuipossiblb that a anno man should havo attempted uuch a deed, and'oftorwards have tried to justify it by DO thin a web of explanation and excuse. Tho truth wart plain enough, and it is a happy fact that Eng- land was strong enough to recognize tho truth, and to gívo it consideration morciful ns just. At tho time nf the attempted assassination the laud, was very deeply moyeu, public indignation would hoyó lynched tho culprit had not tho better s en timan t of justice protected him, nnd it ia a notable fact that the indignation was remarkably short-lived. It ceased ahnosf with thu asuurnncoof tho QUKKN'S safety. 1 u its roost feverish phono it was never mixed with fear. No ghost of a dork and cruel and cowardly organization arose behind it iii tho mind of any thinking mun. Loyalty ia BO reason^ able and treason so. absurd in lEuglrind, that it ls impossible tu .jnuigíi\o a fatal decay of the ono, or a formidable growth of tho other. Tho sovereignty of England is peculiar in this rcapect Tho wearer, of the crown is at once tho accepted !>ead and tho, invited guest of tho people. .Tho duties of hos-! iii (A1 itv ure combined with tho uri t ici plo af loyalty.. tTho crown waa laid, asido by tho ponoUVs will, and again rostorectby tho pooplb's wilt lier AfAJiorrs ancestors were invitod-'to filia corbin fixed position* in tho mechanism | of tho State/ mid tho duties' dud privileges havo boon inherited and fuliillçd to tho satisfaction of ;all parties concoraod. It ia largely a business trinsactión, 'an arraugomont between two clearly-defined parties from which mutual advantago is derived, and which, if found obso- lete or unsatisfactory, could probably be oride'd by much simpler'means than powder and ball.. It ia not necessary for a Qucon of England to ¡ maka costly rovels for her people, as ha» rcccutly beci\ doiio in Vienna, or to oxpend millions on a singlo show, as will shortly bo attempted in Mos- cow, or to fence herself- in with living ramparts, os is constantly dono in ovary monarchy of tho Conti- nent ; nor when a madman follows tho impulse' of 1 hia disordered mind is it necessary for her to de- mand his blood, to take him as a sacrifico for thc sins of hist fellows, 01- to use him as a' scarecrow to keep other birds of prey in tho distance. lt is puixibio tu Kay th ut he is a madman, and to treat him as such with tho merciful consideration his 'unfortunate condition 'requires ; aud in that possibility is ovi denco of strength, such as Uhlans and Cossacks, and silent fortresses, and Siberian wildernesses can never gîvo. A crown is very securo when only madnion league to overthrow it, and against mad mon only can a charge of disloyalty bo brought in our realms of Britain. Captain PAKE'S Dry Wowing Separator-, recently tc3tcd by tho o Hi curs of tho Department of Mines, will probably become a valuable adjunct to tho mining industries of tho colony, lt is not un invention that will revolutionize tho present system of mining. Water, when available, will always do thy work cheaper and moro effectually than an artificially-contrived currant of air ; but in tho curlier status of mining thero are always times when water is noe aviu'IaMo, or cnn only bo obtained and applied ut a prohibitive cost. Wo vury frcimcntly hear of w.ishdirt stacked upon goldûolds, of diggers with both means of living and capital locked up in a mountain of soil, und yot in most abject poverty and long-continued idleness. Such a state of things might bo o tided at once by tho gold winnowing machine. Also, for inland diggings whoro water will always bo a precious commodity, and only thu richer seams of dirt will pay for thc labour of raising, tho separator might become almost as familiar as was tho eradlo on tho riverside diggings of old days. It is oasy to imagine of what vast service it might be on Mount Jirowno to-day, when puddling und sluicing can only bo a dream of tho remote futuro. There is no room for doubt as to its adaptation for uso in that hot wilderness, and Government having thoroughly tested its merit might well tako the initiative' in its introduction. lt will cer- tainly bo a moro practical method of relieving dis-' treas than theconvoyauco of camel loads of Hour, aa it would put miners in tho way of hulping them- selves, aud rid them of tho curso of enforced ¡dio- neas. -It should bo noted, however, that such an implement, however affective, cannot materially influoncc tho larger aspects of mining. It will not ! miBu or crush quarts, or wash down comparatively, poor " stu IT," so quickly as tho old sluicing or , puddling machinery ; its uses must bo limited, bub i aro sufficiently plain to warrant its application in many cases whero thc Larger and cheaper forces of .water aro not to bo obtained. One very groat j advantage is its lightness and portability. 'It may I bc carried upon a pack saddle, or upon the bael;9 of a couple of mon, and sot up os easily as a wiud I lass or a tent A shaft may bo put down ton miles from water, und a prospect tried without any laborious process of cutting races or carrying gravel j a day's journey to try if it is worth raising. Tho machine, oroctcd on thc ground, might be instantly I put to work, and thc process continued till further i discoveries and increased population justified the I construction of dams or tho bringing in of water j by extensive works. It is a ready method, and licnco its v:;lue ; :i now prospecting tool placed in tho prospector's hands, bub not tho beginning of; a I new system of Australian mining. 