THE RIGHT REV. DR. CANI. TO THE EDITOR OF THE CAPRICORNIAN. SIR,— I notice in your paper of last Thursday which has been sent to me, that some catholic in Brisbane has taken it on himself to say in a telegram, to some of your townspeople that Brisbane unanimonsly shares the indignation of those Catholics in Rockhampton who would bring Dr. Cani to task for his connection with some charges made against the late Dr. O'Quinn. Will you allow me to say for the honour of the Catholics of Brisbane that nothing could be further from the truth. In proof I need only point to the manner in which we have received Dr. Dunne, who was known to be in the cool shade of opposition for years, and who was literally driven out of the diocese. He comes back to us with words of charity on his lips for his predecessor, but this is only what should be expected from him. He knows well what his presence here again amongst us—this time as our Bishop— find the appointment of Dr. Cani to Rock- hampton mean, as indications of the judgment of Rome. We know also that Rome, with all the facts before her— not the one- sided view that Rockhampton Catholics have before them — and with the guidance of the Holy Spirit, is alone able to decide on such matters, and we bow willingly and loyally to her decision. Let us hope that the good people of your town will follow this truly Catholic example, and not be led astray by a few ignorant or excited individuals. They will find, after a little while, that Rome has sent them a really holy and zealous pastor, who will be a blessing to them and their families. If we in Bris- bane had not Dr. Donne for our Bishop we should certainly envy the Catholics of Rock- hampton in having the builder of our Cathedral, and the most learned and most devoted priest who ever set foot upon our shores. It was a most improper proceeding on the part of 'Veritaa' to publish the protest against Dr. Cani being rnade administrator of this diocese. It was never intended for the public gaze, and there are few priests whose names are attached to it who will thank Mm for doing so. It is one tiling to give an opinion concerning an adminisbstor riifww^n by the metropolitan, and another to set one self up against the decision 'of Borne as some of your people are doing at present. The Aus tralian said when the news of these two bishops being appointed first reached ns that the only question for Catholics was whether they really were appointed. If so, out doty is simply obedience and loyalty. If Dr. Cani should faO in bis duty (a tiling which no one who knows him could imagine) the Catholics under his charge will always have a right to address legitimate complaints to the legitimate authorities. But these public meetings, particularly for the object at present in view, are thoroughly twcatbolic, and I hope will never be heard of again amongst the faithful people of Rock hampton. They owe their new bishop a hearty welcome after this disagreeable little episode, and I have so doubt but they wiU show him how generous and warm-hearted Irishmen can be and, above all, how faithful to the successor of Peter by whom be has been sent. Youth, &c;, Ukuht. Brisbane, April 3. We have been requested to publish the following letter addressed by the Rev. Father Mulhall P.P. Mackay to the Mackay Mercury:— Sir,— I see a letter in the Rock- hampton Bulletin of the 25th inst, from a correspondent who says that a meeting was lately held by the representatives of the Catholic body, not for the purpose as semper eadem says in rebellion against the con- stitution of the Church, but to demand of Dr. Cani the production of certain letters, relative to a syllabus of notorious charges made against the late lamented Dr. O'Quinn and the Irish priests, in order that he might place himself in a position to be received courteously by the Catholics of Rockhampton. I looked on this as on so much smoke, thinking all the Irish were in Mackay, till I received a letter signed by the leading people of the R.C. Church, Rockhampton, this morning, not only asking me to demand, what the correspondent demands of the Dr., but more. My reply is, that I shall do noth- ing of the sort, for many reasons, too many to mention. First, when the Bishopric was at stake, then was the time for the Irish to give their opinion, and they did so. 2nd, when the Holy Ghost has given its message, my opinion is that neither lay nor clerical ought to question or ask a superior to give an account of his previous acts, at the risk of his not being happy among the gallant people of Rockhampton. I love Dr. Cani as little and as much as the people of Rockhampton, and I think now is not the time to ring at the door in Rome and say you have not done your duty, believing in my heart and soul they did, because it is done. In saying what I say, I assure you that I am speaking faithfully, because I consider myself as independent of the Dr. as any person in Rockhampton. Now, Sir, why do I write my answer through the columns of your paper, as well as privately to the individuals who want my shoulder to the wheel. Simply this. 1st, I believe that others as well as myself in the parish may be asked to give assistance, in what the Rock- hamptonites only now are conscientious about. 2nd, I want to let my people see that when they spoke that, if any, was the time. If the Rockhampton people want an Irish Bishop, if so why not lock the stable door before the steed got out. I am of an opinion from their love of St Patrick, that St. Patrick would do it.As this is my first time to trouble you, Mr. Editor, please give space. Yours &c.;, M. P. MULHALL. Mackay, March 28, 1882. Oub readera will share with ns the pleasure we feel in observing from our advertising columns that Mr. Sab-Inspector Bickle, in the absence of the Mayor; we presume, has orga nised a raid on the stray cattle in the municipality, and has made a creditable ?seizure. His enterprise is most commendable, and we hope ha will make another raid or two, as the success that is *?*??+'' to attend his efforts will go far to satisfy the public, and increase the public funds from which his salary is paid. 