OUT OF THE FIMES By Henut Kendall. Ha was young when ho entered that sphere, (.. iWhoro tho pleasures of sin are attained; Anda devil camo closo to his oar, ' And whisporod, and tompted, and gained. Oh tho world with the oyos of a 'child Ho looked. ItwasliMlokeknew: And the sharks who wero aftor him smilod With joy at tho plunder in view. By chanco he was suddenly placed : Whore lifo is a fovor— a flame, ) And plaasihlo rascals made hasto . 'To robliim, and bring him to shame. . From groon quiet forostr-landa hurled . ' Into city, ho nocded a guide ; ' " Bat ho hadn't a friond in tho world, J To thrust tho black tempter asido. xlO had monoy— a fortuno indeed : . Fat money meant ruin to him, For ho followed a blood-sucking brood : Into dons of iniquity— dim. At tabloB of cards and of dlco, : t s no wasted ms moans ; ana no imow Bat the glaro and tho glamour of Vico In nights full of glittering dow. Ah I of ten ho lingorod in tears, . While morning walkod ovor tho soa, \- . And thought of tho beautiful years, When his mates were' tho torront and treo. . But evor Achitophol stood, With shining Aholah botrween ' , Tho spirits of ovil and good ; And thepastbocamo brightnoaa nnsoon. Ono day when the drink smothered thought, . >' He motwitbosharper nttmodHolt ; And, maudlin and muddled, ho bonght' ' A big, bat an ill-looking colt. ' . ; ';But a stable-lad whiflporod, "Depead . ;Onmy word, thoro ia: staff in Tho Scud; . Hb.wili win a great raco in the end'; - ;Bat Holt doesn't know ho has blood." Inamomontof tronblosnpremo,; - 1 ' Vyhon. worried bycroditore coarso, ' i . 1 ' Hom flashed on hie hoart like a beam— v1 Ho, thought of tho boy and tho bono. ./ 'And full of flno purpose, ho said— " I irill cost tho foul dovil away, . And lead thowhito lifo that I lea . In tiie light of tho happy old day." , ' Next morning hb snoko to the youth; , v And tho boy rubbed his hands in Ids glco,' ... ' -And said— with his oyes full of truth— "Just leave him, my master, with mo I ' . The oolt must come oat at his best i - . And when saddle and ridor are up, . . He will make tho fast Star of tho West, And thorcstof them, movo lor ' Tho Cap.'" , Tho Oup was tho raco of tho year, And twonty grand horsos woro in. . "Tho Sbud/'oriod tho "touts" with a sneor, ' , ' " Is sure to bo last in tho ' spin."? ' But owner workod hard with the lad ; And polo wqb tho sufferer's faco ; ' ' The chanco was tho last that ho had— Ho had bag&rdod; all on tho raco. . . Tho day of tho mooting was dark j;io With bitter wild wind-driven rain— i ' ' : ' , " Tho Btar has como fit to tho mark," ' \ ' Said tho mob, " and ho'll win it again I" Tho bottlng was brisk, when tho horso Of the season camoout of ;his stall, , i A dozen wero baakod on tho courso, , Bat Tho Scud wasn't montionodat all. Tho flag fell away, in a roar, . . And tbo twonty wont off in a pack; . Bat soon thero was seen to tho fore, ' The maro with tho purplo and black. By Barker's sho quickened tho paeo With a feather-weight closo at hor sido ; \- MBxtho 'shaight; slio'U bo out of Iho raco," ; . A cluster of knowing ono's cried. . At the turn of tho track, on tho groy Young Jones took tho running in hand ; . Eat ho " diod" at tho Corner away, ' And Pyramus lod by tho Stand. But out by tho back of the courso. ' . 't. The blood, unaocustomed to yield— The Star— tho invincible horeo — Ban up and showed hods to . tho "field." i But tho maro by Olympus, from Jane, ; jjo ottwitharasnbythogato; " AHd tho 8cud daahod along in the rain, And to locked with tho Star in tho straight. A thunder of choere from afar, ' 5® S?.min8 smothored with mud— Tho fiUy— tho fllly— tho Star I . , Tho chestnut— tlio fllly— tho Scud I" WUb tho Btaronhis girth intho Bludao, Scud undor whip at tho post,' Wrat flashing by Stand and by Judge, ' With a boy on him whiter than ghost. »Si' 41iero» amld clamour and choor, _ Tho colt, fall of courngo and strength, Frnlcd off tho great raco of tho year, = From tho "crack," by tho half of a length And i here, on that prominent day, Tho ownor fell back at tho last, : And shiverod and fainted away— : -Ho had suffered so much in tho Past. Tho strain had been heavy indood, . And tho world for somo moments soomod dim; But past was tbo soason of hoed— . Tlio Send had won thousands for litm 1 Suggested by a chapter in Long Odds by tho Into Marcos Glarko. v 