-i' ? , , ,;,s; HUSTLE THEM IN. Dedicated to the \Five-cent Lodging-houses. , i i BT WHi OADLETON. Hustle them, in, jostle them in, , Many of nation, and divers of lrin, Sallow, and yellow, and tawny" of skin Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in! Handfuls of withered but suffering clay, . Swept from the east by oppression- away; Baffled adventurers, conquered and pressed Back from the gates of the glittering West: Men w,hohave struggled 'gainst Destiny's frown Inch after inch, till she hunted .them down; . Men who with indolence, folly, and guile ' Carelessly slighted Prosperity's smile. Scores in a tier-pile them "up here Many of peoples and .divers of kin; Driffc of the nations, from far and from near, Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in ? Islands of green, mistily seen, Hover in visions these sleepers between; ?. Beautiful memories, cozy and clean, Bestfully precious, and sweetly serene, Womanly kisses have softened the brow Lying in drunken bewilderment now: Infantile faces have cuddled for rest Here on this savage and rag-covered breagtU Lucky the wretch who in Poverty's ways . Bears not the burden of "happier days" Many a midnight is gloomier yet s By the remembrance of stars that have Bet. Echoes of pain, drearily plain, Come of old melodies sweet and serene; Images sad to the heart and the brain Rise out of memories cozy and green. Hustle them in, bustle them in, Fetid with squalor; and reeking with giti. Loaded with misery, folly, and sin- > ' .; Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in*l .: ' ' Few are the sorrows so hopelessly drear ? ., But they have sad representatives here ; * Never a crime so complete and confessed But has come hither for one night of rest, Seeds that the thorns of diseases may bear Float on the putrid and smoke-laden air; Ghosts of destruction are haunting each . breath Soft-stepping agents, commissioned by Death Crowd them in rows, comrades or foes, .Deadened with liquor and deafened with din, Fugitives out'of the frosts and the snows, Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in! Guilt has not pressed unto his breast All who are taking this dingy unrest: Innocence often is Misery's guest; . 4 Sorrow may strike at the brightest and best. You from'whom hope, but not ""feeling, has fled, This is your refuge from pauperhood's bed; Timorous lad with a sensitive face, , You have no record of crime and disgrace; Weary old man with the snow-drifted hair, \ Not by your fault are you suffering there, Never a child of your cherishing nigh 'Tis not for sin you so drearily die. Pain, in all lands, smites with two hands ; Guilty and good may encounter the test; Misery's cord is of different strands; ? - , Sorrow may strike at the brightest and best. Sympathy's tear, warm and sincere, Can not but glisten while lingering near.-' . Edge not away, sir, in horror of fear; Thesfc are your brothers-this family here! What if Misfortune had made you forlorn With her stiletto as well as her scorn ? What if some fiend had been making 2/ou sure ." , With more temptation than flesh could en dure ? , f , ? What if you deep in the slums had been born, 1 Cradled in villainy, christened in scorn ? What jf your toys had been tainted with : crime? What if your baby hands dabbled in slime? Judge them with ruth. Maybe, in truth, It is not they, but their luck, that is here. Fancy your growth from asin-nurlured \- youth; Pity their weakness, and give them a tear, Help them get out; help them keep t>ut I Labor to teach them what life is about; Give them a hand unencumbered with doubt: Feed then; and. clothe them, but pilot them out! ' ' .. Suffering mortals, whate'er they have been, Soonest can mend from assistance within Warm them and feed them-they're animals, then; Teach them and love them-'they spring into men. - You who 'mid luxuries costly and grand . Decorate homes with munificent hand,. Use, in some measure, your exquisite arts For the improvement of minds and of hearts. Lilies must grow up from below 1 Where the strong rootlets are twining about; Goodness and honesty ever must flow From the heart-centres-to blossom without. ^ ; i Wouldst thou discover Nature's true path to happiness? Listen to her first command: Labor I The hours fly swiftly to him who has daily occupation; a lifetime creeps Blowly away with the idle.-Leopold. ? 272. 