SPORTING NOTES. If any doubt existed in the minds of our readers respecting the popularity of the turf in these colonies, it would be at once effectually dispelled by glancing through the ! long list of race meetings, to be found in another column, which took place on New Year's Day. Scores of meetings have taken j place in all parts of Victoria, South Australia, j New South Wales, Queensland, and the ; other colonies, on the first of the new ! year, and, judging from . all the &o-; j counts which have eome to hand respecting ! their success, as a rule, it is easy to presage that the turf still possesses a strong hold upon the sympathies of the sport-loving | public. In the vicinity of the metropolis, i the prinoipal meeting was, of course, the Champion one at Flemington, under the management of the Victoria Racing Club, and, when it is remembered that there were 20,000 people present at the orieket mateh on the Melbourne Cricket-ground, it speaks well for the popularity of the national pastime that there were fully that number of persons present at Flemington. A detailed account of the racing will be found in its proper ( place, and hence we have little to add to our j remarks, but it may be mentioned that 1 New South Wales had all the best of us in | the Normanby Stakes, as Mr. De Mestre ran first and second with Navigator and \ Solitude. Still, we have the satisfaction of Saying that Robinson Crusoe, the sire of both of them, was bred in this colony, and, there fore, we do not come off so badly after all. The greatest surprise of the day was the un expected victory of Coriolanus in the Cham pion Race, and as none of the touts would have him at any price for that event, they have, of oourse, come in for the usual amount of condemnation from disappointed backers of horses. However, it may be just as well to point out that " the stable " held a very poor opinion respecting his chance, as likewise that of Respite for the Yarraville Stakes, and this may very fairly be urged as an excuse for them. Mr. S. Gardiner, in face of a good deal of opposition, has always adhered to the opinion that Total Cain would be a success at the stud, which the reoent running of Coriolanus and Prometheus would seem to prove, and therefore the un expected victory of the former was all the more appreciated by him. Commotion and Wel lington both ran well, bat the former appeared to run himself out in staving off Wellington and Wheatear's final effort, and, therefore, he was " played out" when Murphy brought up Coriolanus in the last 200 yards. In the Three-year-old Handicap Tamworth, who bids fair to see a better day, ran well for a mile, but nothing had the ghost of a chance at the last with Pell Mell, who came home like a stayer, and will yet win a big race before he bids adieu to the turf. Mor rison has hitherto been so unfortunate with Allender, . that every one was glad to see him have a winning turn with him in the Criterion Stakes, but if Mistaken had run kindly, we'are inclined to think that a different result would have had to be recorded. As a full account of the raoing will be found elsewhere, we need make no farther allusion to it beyond the fact that the meeting w&s; one of the most successful held at Flemington on New Year's Day for many years. After refusing the new owner of Secnndus permission to train his horse on the Randwick tracks after the committee of Tattersall's Club had decided that his purchase from Mr. John Mayo was a bond fide one, the powers that be in the A.J.C. took rather high handed proceedings (says the Sydney Sportsman). However, a statutory declaration and sale-note from Messrs. Brunkerand Wolfe, auctioneers, of West Maitland, having been lodged, the A.J.O. committee reconsidered the matter on Mondav week last, and finally deaided to withdraw their objection and issue a trainer's ticket for the horse. The metropolitan club has, however, de cide not to receive any entries for events to he run in connection with the Northern Jockey Club's gathering, in conse quence of that club refusing to endorse Mr J. M&yo;'s disqualification The following items are by "Tram- pator," of the Adelaide Observer : — " Mr. Joseph Gilbert, whose death is an. nounced this week, was one of the most prominent supporters of racing in this colony up to 1870. Among the horsey he bred at Pewsey Vale that distinguish jg themselves within the last ten yean may -fog mentioned such celebrities as The Ace, /aCQ 0f Trumps, Lapdog, The Poodle, Ashant8Q| anfl Kingfisher ; while prior to. this, and a's a time when Mr- Gilbert's white jacket with gpots was regularly seen on our racecour 36f be was known as the breeder and owney Q jjubra, Queen of Barossa, Cinderella,, Gwendoline Mum nf Thfl Ami. And & nriMt. whose names are constantly. cropping up in the pedigrees of winner Mr. Walker has | severed his connection th the Lookleys stable, and sold his i1, merest in Prometheus and Brilliant to MrfW, . b. Bounsevell. The breakdown o'.f Tramp Yoss in the Sydney Turf Club Handicap, on Saturday last, is not as at first thought (says the Sydney EveiFfig News), and there is every probability / 0f this gallant little son of Conrad w appearing on the r&oeeonrse.; The en yoement of rule 71 of the A J.C. is bono' to havd.a salutary effect on jockeys. Last f Rturday G. Cochrane was fined £2 2s. for bt jjed colours, and two boyB were sent fror ieoales for using rubbers. An other lad ihe employ of Mr. Wentworth taa fined £jy by the committee for running jut under tjpie judge's box when old' Saunterer was Jntminff. but the committee, considering the (excited state of the boy, remitted the fine to £2. We are informed on very good authority that Mr. De Mestre, not footing quite satisfied with the jookey Riley's explanation of the manner in which he won the Normanby Stakes with Navigator, after Mr. De Mestre had declared to win the nee with Solitude has, sinoe the New Year's Day meeting of the V.R.C., dismissed him from his service. Mr. De Mestre is, of doufse, at liberty to do what ever he pleases with his VNn employes and horses, out as regardsf the public, it would have been moeh better had he withdrawn Navigator, who was known to be the better horse of the two, some time before the meeting, instead of tearing him in and sending him to the post, and then declaring to win with a stable companion a long way his inferior. In tills instance, through mis taken judgment on the part , of the rider of Navigator, the best horse won the race ; and as the stable money is said to have been on the second horse, Solitude, very tittle sym pathy is expressed for those who, in- backing the last-named, must have known something. A meeting of the "judges" who had charge of the Trotting Race won lay Rambler at Ken sington Park on Friday last was held on the following day, when it was resolved that all beta made on the race should be declared "off." This decision will meet with the approval of all disinterested persons who wit nessed the race, and it certainly seems a great pity that the management could not have also disqualified all persons connected with the affair. The sale of the Bundoora-Park yearlings, and Mr. W. C. Yoille's annual sale, duly took place ou Saturday and Tuesday last, and a full account of both will be found in another oolumn. Mr. A. Yuille, the junior member of the well- known firm of Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co., stock and station agents of Kirk's Bazaar, officiated as auctioneer at the sale, of the Bundoora Park yearlings on Saturday last, and also at the sale of thoroughbred stock at the Pastoral hotel, Flemington, on the following Tuesday. Mr. A. Yuille, as the compiler of the " Australian Stud Book," is an authority upon the breeding of our blood stock, and judging from the manner in whioh he has already shaped in the rostrum, he will speedily be recognised as the " Tatter- sail " of Victoria. The Sydney Tattersall's Club appear to have brought off a very successful meeting at Randwick on New Year's Day, as by electric telegraph we gather that there was a very large attendance, and that some excellent sport ensued. Jessie, the brown filly by Kelpie from Parachute, bred by Mr. W. Dargin, and who was purchased as a yearling by Mr. Dajlas for a modest "century," must be a very good filly, as she has now placed three races to her owner's credit. At Wagga Wagga she won the Two year- old Handicap, and, with 8st 71b, landed the December Stakes at the A.J.C. Summer Meeting, and ran the five furlongs in the exceedingly fast time of lmin. 3seo. 4-10ths. On Monday she also easily settled the pretensions of her five op ponents in the Mares' Produce Stakes, and ran the half-mile in 50£seo., which proves that she possesses a rare torn of speed, of which, however, we will be better able to judge if she goes to the post for the A. J.C. Champagne Stakes. The greatest surprise of ; the day, however, was in connection with the-. Tattersall's Cup, which was won with t'iJie utmost ease by Lord Orville, who was a qoq. plete outsider — as indeedhe should have- been seeing that he was beaten out of sight "m the A. J.C. Summer Cup, run on Boxing D"ay won by Trump Yoss, and that he oouid aot get a plaoe in the Sydney Amateur T urf cittb Handicap, won by Saunterer, with Qveeneberry and Carmen seeond and third. ge m'a8t have benefited considerably by his (gaii0ng ia those races, as he won Tatte rsall's Cup rather easily in the fast time for t wo Qf 3min. 33860., the grey horse Rsinante, and Valet ta (the first favourite), bei ng second and third, and as later in the ds>y Lonj Orville also easily landed the New iear s Gift, it is evident that his victory in Tattersall's Cup must not be considered' a flake. There appears to have been somi6 di8aatisfaction in connection with the of Bosworth in the Cop, who is said tfj have been left at the post, but to thoBe who, bave watched him in his work on the F le Kflngton training-ground, it is well known th& toe horse has not im proved since he'g a three-year-old, and even in his best Aay ja doubtful whether he could oarry 8s;t 71b and run two miles in 3min_ l, 1hn — jviu vJL YUIC IS iiuig ivi iiuq xnvu Tattersall's Ouj. In common wjth many others, we deplore, the fact that;. tbe two racing clubs in Ade laide are so lneh at loggerheads that they both decided to hold a race meeting on New Year's D?4y . but, nevertheless, we are exceedingly wejj pleased to hear that both meeting were Well patronised by the public, that some excellent racing ensued, ncing through the list of events decided ,n'. the Old Coarse, under the management of ,ne Adelaide Raoing Club, the names of the winners of the respective events appear as familiar as household words, as New Zealand, who ran second to Cumberland in the Hurdle Race at Geelong in July last, won the Hurdle Race, making his sixth successive victory in South Australia. Two well- known Victorians, in Fictitious and T&x;&r;&x;&aum;, won the New Year's Gift and Steeplechase, and as The Moor, by Tregeagle from Miami, also won the Two- year-old as well &e; the Grand Stand handicaps, all the events were thus won by horses whioh have many times sported silk, in this colony. At the South Australian Jockey Club meeting, the prin cipal feature was the fact that Prometheus — by Tubal Cain from Lurline, the dam of Darebin— won the Two-year- old Handieap, and as Coriolanus, also by Tubal Cain, won tbe Champion Race on the same day at Flemington, this shows that the confidence Mr. Gardiner has so long placed in Tubal Cain will yet be realised. Tarretfield, who was bred by the late Mr. R. Holland, and is by Blue Gown from Ithaca, won the New Year's Gift and All-aged Stakes, and as Roe buck won the Steeplechase, it will thus be seen that the principal winners at both meetings are horses which have often figured upon the Viotorian turf. A meeting was held at the Lake Charm Hotel reoently, fen: the purpose of forming a racing blah. A goodly number of persons was present. It was resolved to hold a day's racing about 17th March next. A secretary w&s; appointed, and 8 subscription list opened, after which the - meeting was adjourned until 7th January, when a pro- granune of events will be arranged. The entries for the Complimentary Race ' Meeting given by the Wyndham Racing Club In telefiration fit the return of Mr. T. Gtiirnside from #«rope, and a trttidfc J to take plaoe en Saturday nextjftbe inst., oiosed en Tuesday ' result must be oonsidered very The entries number as follow ir- Hawiicnp Hurdle Baoe, 19; Belling HSanap»:16 ; Complimentary Handicap i Steeplechase, 18; Galloway Handiqapi Iff % mad Weleprae Handieapj 24; and, with judicious handicapping, a radfy first-class afternoon's sport may be entieipated. The weights for the ilabnsbury. h&ndicepB; Wtil be found in another ootamh. ! From Sydney we learn by electric tele graph that " the settling over Tattersall's meeting; passed off very satisfactorily- Mr. J. B..Gliffe occupied the chair, and fltated that if the present committee held offioe year they intended to ruse the added money to Tattersall's Cup to £1,000. Mr. E. E. Jones, the well-known bookmaker, expressed his willingness to supplement the stakes by giving a gold cup, of the value of £100, to the winner. The total dates paid over was £13,083." " - The autumn meeting of the Hawkesbury Baoe Club has now become so popular with owners of horses in both colonies that it seems hardly neoessary to draw attention to the fact that tbe entries for the Autumn Handicap are to dose at 4 p.m. on Monday next, either with Mr. O. S. Guest, the secre tary of the ELR.C., or at tike office of the Victoria Racing Club. The meeting is arranged to take plaoe on the SOth March and 1st April, just nine days before the < Easter meeting of the Australian Jockey j Club, and thus owners will he able to race their horses at both meetings. It must also not be forgotten that the state is a very liberal one, and as owners can seethe weights for only £1, this being the first forfeit, there ; ehould be an unusually large entry. ; Owners of horses must, also bear in mind ; that at 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 9th inst., ' entries are due for the Australian Cup | and Newmarket Handicap, to he deoided at j the autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing ! Club, in Maroh next. These stakes have now become so popular with raoing men that the entries are sore to be unusually large, and we hope owners will remember that the entries positively olose at 4 o'elock. j Mr. T. Lamond left .overland for Sydney on 1 Tuesday last, taking with htm Wheatear, who j so signally failed to distinguish himself in j the Champion Raoe. fib. Fennelfy also left j on Thursday afternoon with MomncwHi, | Paragraph, and Morpeth, whoepwUpd' At- vap to ' Melbourne has been an a profitable one. A race-meeting will take place at Kensing ton Park on tfnn 4th of next month, when one of the principal features of the meeting will be a trotting match against time. _ At a recent meeting of the committee of : the SaFg Turf Club it was deoided that the i raoe- meeting of the olub shall take , Prje on the 29th and 3dth March. A programme, to which £3Q0.or £400 in stakes 'nas been added, was drawn, anapnly waits the approval of a general meeting of the members, when it will be published in the sporting papers. The entries for the Hobart Cup, Wdd Stakes, and Steeplechase <3 the Tasmanian Jockey Club, and the Launceston Cup, Turf Club Handicap, and Steeplechase of the ; Tasmanian Turf Clnb, closed on Tuesday ; last ; and, taking everything into considera- ; tion, must be considered very satisfactory, i The - entries from this colony comprise — I Swiveiler, Marchioness, Douglaston, Bella- i drum, Aibyn, Outlaw, Napper Tandy, Fire- : bell, Eros, mid Mariner, the majority of i whioh will in all probability cross the struts. The committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club have issued the programme to be decided at Caulfield on Saturday, the 11th of February, and it i« one that should receive a fair measure of support from owners of horses. It opens with a Selling Raoe, to which the sum of £50 has been added, and then follows the Handicap Hurdle Race, with a similar amount of added money ; the O&k-; leigh Handicap of £100, to be run at the dis tance of one mile and one furlong ; Severance Stakes of £100 (a selling two-year- old race): the Handicap Steeplechase of £50, and the St. Valentine's Handicap of £50, another two-year-old raoe. Thus, as will be seen, the programme is a very good one, no less than £400 being given away in added money, and, with a little good fortune, it cannot fail to be a success. The racing at the late meeting pf the Sydney Turf Club shows that Mr. Andrew Town did not mate much of a mistake when he purchased Aureola, by Angler from Chry solite, and thus full sister to Robinson Crusoe, at the recent -sale of Mi, W. Long's horses, for the sum of 1,750 guineas. At the meeting referred to, the mare won the Ely Handicap in a canter, carrying $st 81b, and ran tht three-quarters of -a mile under lmio. 17seo., which shows that aha possesses a rare turn of speed, and as she is engaged In the? ' V.R.G. and A J.C. St. Legem, it is quite on the cards that she will win one of these classic races before she retires from the turf. We are informed that Mr. J. D. Robinson h&b; been offered, and declined, 500 guineas for Ironclad, by Tubal Cain from Psyche, the yearling purchased by him at Mr. Gardiner's sale on the 31st nit. for 110 guineas, j The stakes won at the late Champion meeting of the Victoria Raoing Club were paid over at the offioe in the early part of the ; weak, the largest recipient being Mr. S. ; Gardiner, whose cheque amounted to £1,245, i the value of the Champion Race won. by Coriolanus. Mr. E.ira Meitie came next with £835, £780of -umich was owing to Navi gator's -victory in Ibe Normanby Stakes, £25 for Solitude's Beoond in the same raoe, and £28 for the second plaoe occupied by Guinca, in the Midsummer Handicap. Mr. H. Phillips drew £510, which was made up by Pall Mali winning the Three-year-old Handi cap, £310, and Commotion's seoond, £200 in . the Champion Race. The other priaetakers were Mr J. Leek, £285 for Beliadrum's victory in the Midsummer Handihap ; Mr. J. Morrison, £250, the valae Of £he Criterion Stakes, won by Allender ; Mr A. Davis, £143 for the YanuviUe Stakes, won te Respite ; Mr. T. Ferguson, £210, for Bed Rover's W victory in the Hnrdle BkoeV Mrs. Baidich, £100 for third in the Champion Race with Wellington; aagL email amounts, away in stakes; - i The " Gaming lull - 1 'j. 19, . 1 v.. — i 1- pasfled in New Zealand fcppewa to 'be avery unpopular ait ' in Maoriland, and in some quarters an opinion Ib held that it will not prevent private persons from getting np a sweepBtake on araoeeonrse. : In order to test this point, Sir William Rteherbert (Speaker oi the Legislative Council, and president of the Wellington Racing Club), the Hon. John Martin, and two other gentle men, got up a half- sovereign sweepstakes at the Hutt raees on the SOth uli« and invited a detective to witness the drawing, So that he oboid summons them, and thus the disputed point would be settled in a coortof law. The drawing took place ; they were all summonsed, and were ultimately fined £10 each, but notice of appeal Was given. The most amusing part of the affair is the fact that, during the hearing of the case, it tran spired that the informant, Detective Ghiystall, had actually held the hat while the tickets were being drawn. An information was therefore immediately laid agsfinst Chry stall for assisting in the affair. The Victorian Club will be open oh Monday next in the morning for the settling over to-day's (Saturday's) meeting. The news has . evidently reached San Francisco that trotting is very likely to become a great institution in this colony, and many trainers in that quarter have made up their minds to pay the colonies a visit with some of -their horses. The latest arrivals we have to chronicle are Defiance and Oommo-. dore, the property of Messrs. H.B. Holies and A. Harrison, who arrived from San Francisco, via Honolulu, a few days ago, and have taken up their quarters at Mr. F. Robin's stable, Sandridge. Defianoe, who is by Chieftain, . from an unknown mare, first appeared as a "pacer," when his record was 2min. 17£sec., but as a " trotter " he is now the 2min. 24sec. class, which he ae- Tished at San Francisco on the 11th er, 1875. Commodore was purchased ;>e ago by Mr. Hikok along with St. price for the former being id the latter 10,000dol., which . very high opinion must have i, v of Commodore, but we be. ot yet appeared in public. If o< hed trotting club offers Buflacifc. -e may probably see ce» before long on the tract .jnauv \- Speaking ©. Handicap, won by Promt. Gain from Lurline, at the R. ting of the Sonth Austra » .the Register says The brought out seven yonnt "© having backed Brilliant, v their example in the totalis stable companion, Prometheu cold. The start was not a gv » Bounsevell'S pair getting awa,> never being collared, the contest wa the two. The result was that the u. colt won by a length, notwithstanding L determined effort to fetch Brilliant up. H Bole was a fair third, but whatever chat, Sterling and Standard Bearer had, they losi. at the start. Th8 sixteen who baeked Pro ' metheus had the pleasure of receiving th< handsome dividend of £23 4s. The well-known horse Kinsman, by Yattendon from Gipsy Girl, the dam of Aruma, Friendless, ete., won the Perth (Western Australia) Handicap, and Messrs. Jouberfe and Twopenny's silver eup on New Year's Day. Kinsman, it will be remembered, won th8 Hawkesbury Handicap of 1879, as well as many other races in this colony and New South Wales. There was a moderate attendance at the Vic toria Club last evening, but very little busi ness, however, was transacted upon the events to be decided at Flemington to-day. Bed Rover was very firm for the Hurdle Race at 3 to 1, Eros was backed at 4 to 1, and 5 to 1 was the market price about any of the others, but the first two abovenamed were' the only ones supported with amy spirit. There was no straight out betting on any of the other events, but the popular double on the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase was Red Rover and Prima Donna, which was backed at 100's to 10, and Eros with the same horse for the Steeplechase was supported at 100's to 7 and 100's to 8/ 