THEATRE. "THE WIFE'S SECRET." A FULL pit and a fairly filled dress circle and stalls welcomed the opening night of Mr. Hall's new dramatic season. At the advertised hour of commencement the curtain rose on the assembled company, who sang " God Save the Queen." Mr. Hall afterwards came for ward, and was greeted with enthusiastic ap plause. He made a short speech acknowledg ing the warmth of his welcome, and explaining his plans. After a short interval the play commenced. " The Wife's Secret" is a melodrama of a type which is not often seen now; in its rather high-flown sentiments and declamatory lan guage it belongs to the drama of a past generation, when colloquialisms were strictly tabooed on the stage—at least in the dialogue of the principal characters. But it is a good specimen of its kind; the story is decidedly interesting, and the situations are exciting and powerful. Lady Eveline A myott (Miss Marston Leigh) is the young wife of Sir Walter Amyott (Mr. James Carden), a colonel high in the Bervice of the Lord Protector Cromwell. She is expecting with loving delight the arrival of her husband from London, when she is sur prised by the sudden appearance of her brother Lord Arden (Mr. T. Henry), a cavalier, who is flying for his lifo after a rash and unsuccessful attempt against the existing Government. Lord Arden begs and obtains shelter from his sister, but, despite his entreaties, will not permit her to reveal his presence to her husband. He declares that he cannot be beholden to a man he had often abused as a prick-eared scoundrel, and makes his sister swear to conceal his identity. This is the wife's secret. Jabez Sneed (Mr. J. Bed ford) is the Puritan steward of the estate, who hates Lady Amyott for having discovered some irregularities in his accounts. He deter mines to discredit her with her husband, and getting on the scent of a concealment, ferrets it out, though for a time baffled by Maude (Miss Maggie Fprd), the lady's maid, and Keppel (Miss Jessie Raymond), her page. At first he succeeds in making his master believe that his wife has a lover in concealment, and after a great many exciting complications the play ends in the good old-fashioned way by the re conciliation of the married lovers and the punishment of the baffled villain. Mr. Carden plays the Cromwellian colonel with dignity and force; his impersonation was a decidedly satisfactory performance. As much cannot be said of Miss Marston Leigh, who seemed rather overweighted with her part. It is only fair to her, however, to remark that she has to represent violent emotion almost without a pause, right through the play, and this is always a trying task. Miss Fora was better suited as Maude, the saucy maid who puts on and burlesques the appearances of Puritan sanctimoniousness. Mr. Bedford was a decidedly unpleasant villain, and he rendered his part intelligently. Mr. Henry had not much to do as Lord Arden, and was not alto gether satisfactory in that little. The author evidently intended to put more than light hearted swagger into the character. Miss Raymond was rather heavy in her sprightliness as the page. The performance went smoothly—unusually bo for a first production—and the play was well mounted; the scene in which Sir Walter sees from the garden his wife and her supposed lover meet inside the room being especially noticeable. The audience were evidently in terested, and the applause of the pit was con tinuous, a good sign of the success of the piece. The principal performers were called before the curtain after each act. Mr. Hall may be con gratulated on having made a good start; his first step has been successful, and that, as the proverb tells us, is of the chief importance. " The Wife's Secret" was produced for the second and last time on Tuesday evening, and on Wednesday Mr. J. L. Half made his first appearance this season in a new scsthetical comedy by Gilbert, entitled "The Romantic Family," followed by one of Broughton's charming one-act comedies entitled " Withered Leaves." There was not so good an audience at the theatre last night week as was expected, but it is probable that a good many tickets had been taken which were not represented. The per formance also was marred by the enforced sub stitution of one gentleman performer for another, who had probably got the part up more carefully. The Messrs. Sclwyn-Smith and Mr. Miller played their respective parts with spirit, and among the ladies Miss Tulloch deserves special notice. Though their per formance was not by any means so good as that of " Our Boys" in the Albert Hall recently, the improvised company may be complimented on having struggled pluckily against many obvious difficulties. We sincerely hope that Mr. Macallum secured a larger benefit than was indicated by the appearance of the theatre. Theiie was a fair attendance at the Albert Hall last night, when Professor Pepper gave the last of his miscellaneous entertain ments. His various experiments were gone through to the evident satisfaction of all pre sent, and the oft-repeated but still welcome "ghost" illusion brought the first part of the entertainment to a close. His photographic diorama of London and "Diogenes and his lantern " were received with approbation, and " Banquo's ghost" brought an entertainment of no ordinary interest to a close. While Bhowing the views of London the professor had occasion to mention the Queen, and in doing bo adverted to the attempt just made upon her Majesty's life. As he did so the audience Bhowed their feelings of loyalty by rising to their feet, singing a verse of the National Anthem, and giving three hearty cheers for the Queen. On^ Saturday afternoon the United Evan gelistic Choir gave a service of son<r, entitled Tl Christie's Old Organ," at the Albert Hall, for the benefit of tho Sick Children's Hospital. ™here were about 200 persons present, who were much pleased with the entertainment. There are a number of choruses, chants, and duets introduced into the service, many of them set to well-known popular airs, both sacred and secular, in order to illustrate the story as read by Mr. Gowdy, At the close of the service Mr. Rutledgc, M.L. A., who occupied the chair, called upon the audience to join in singing the National Anthem, and briefly al luded to the attempted assassination of her Majesty. The call was fervently responded to, those present giving "God save the Queen" with great earnestness. 