Mi WS OF THE DAY. Franck ia mobilising hor reserves, and manning ton additional meu-of-war, and tho Admiral of thô Allied Ficit off Aloxundiia has made ii peremptory demand upon tho Governor to ccaso tho íortiíication works. Ii the Governor roi usos compliance, it is believod that a bombardment of tho town will follow. If Fiance had, at any timo during tho Egyptian embroglio, displayed any earnestness in îegaul to it, tho announcement that sho is mobilising htr army might havo boon received as convoying information of serious import. But sho has all along shown n disinclination to intervene with the Bvvord. What she means by sotting hor army in motion at tho last moment, 03 it wore, romains to bn bot- Perhaps sho seca that, afler all, Gioit Britain will "do iorced into un armed intervention, and is jfc.-lous lo.st that Power should, thiongh her own want of aclion, gain any advantage. Tho Sultan has also changed front, and ia now anxious to take part in the Conleronco proceedings. Ho ha. tenotvrd _ his invitation to Arabi Pasha to vieit Constantinople, with tho view of avoiding tho thre'atoned intervention by European Powers in Egypt. But Arabi shows no inclination to go. Tho outlook is ugly enough. It is evident that Great Britain and Egypt arc on tho verge of war, whatever may be tho position of tho other Powors ; and at thin momout it seems to rest entirely with Arubi Pasha to docido tho question. T«_ Bil! for the Repression of Orimo in Ireland has passed through committoo in the House of Commons, (.0 there ia nomo prospect of the measure becoming law. Tho Irish party were not allowed to oller any unrea- sonable* obstruction to tho bill, und at this they took umlirnge, and withdrew from the Chamber in a body. Tho inaction has, no doubt, facilitated tho passing ot tho bill thm fur, und may relieve thom of any odium that I may be attached to tho passing of so btringt-nt a law as j it proposos. Akoiiibr outrage is repotted from Ireland. A Mr. ?TCenuy Arthon lins been murdered, it is supposed by 1 Feniana, and up to tho time that our menage was des .patchod no_ arresta had been made-or, in other vvonla, I the assassins aro not known, and probably will never be traced. The authorities aro reported to le taking aotivo slops to bring to ju.tice tho murderers of tho two servants of Earl Olnnricardo, and havo made a number of arreste. They took btiil moro activo rtepa to discover tho apeassin. of Lord 1-, Cavendish and Mr. Burke, and mado numoioua »noels, but J"l(i n. |,lft to ,"",." th(J humiliating eon ?ftewon that thoy had been unmtwosslul. The examina tion m priPou of the man iValuh, who was arrested lait weolt on a charge of troason-folony, confirms tho Serhôo-.10 t6'¿MÍi l0 th° iutention8 of the F,;nia!11 ? ' Tan arrest of two ollieors of Hie Czar's bodvjruard ' .on bun,icion of their boin« in loaxuo with the Nihilists, will inórense" the "uneasineso of mind and feeling of ihseourity wjtH which he haB been troubled since his accession" to tho throne., Tho officers in question were members of tho Holy Leaguo to protect his person, which makes tho discovery all the moro serious and die.pjunting. The Australian crirkotora aro continuing their vic- torious oareor in England, and havo added another triumph to their list of victories. Our cablegram in- forma us that tho match against tho eleven representing the County of Northampton was concluded on Tuesday, in the presence of a largo nnmbor of spectators. The Aus tialians, who had obtained lau with tho loss of four wickets the previous day, completed theirinnings for 270 rum?, Giffen making the highest ecoro of 81. The Northampton team in their second innings were ea- ily disposed of for the omall score of C8 runs, the bowling of Palmor being especiully destructivo. The Australiana won tho match in ono innings with 80 runs to spare. The Darling Harbour compensation case, Lucas v. Minister for Works, was concluded yesterday afternoon by the jury returning a unanimous verdict for the defendant, and fixing the amount of compensation to be paid the plaintiff at £4500. This is £1176 less than the Government valuation, and £72,445 below the amount which the plaintiff claimed. The morning of yesterday was occupied by the continuation of Mr. Pilcher's address to the jury, and his Honor the Chief Justice finished his summing-up shortly after 3 o'clock. The jury retired to consider their verdict at nine minutes past 3, and they returned into Court at 29 minutes past 4. The costs in the case are heavy, for the trial lasted 10 days, and among the expenses were two guinea" a day to each of the jurymen up to Friday last, and three guineas a day from Monday. The Court was crowded yesterday. "We understand that at a meeting of the trustees of the National Park, held last week, and referred to in our issue of Saturday, it was resolved that at the conclusion of the case in which Mr. Lucas sought compensation for land resumed by the Government at Darling Harbour, he should he called upon to resign his position as one of the trustees of the National Park. Mn. ' William Fons.nn addressed a larg« meeting of his constituents yesterday afternoon at Gundagai. Ho dealt with a variety of questions at present or reeenftly occupying public attention. As will bo scon by a full report of his address in another page, des- patched by telegraph by our own reporter, ho referred, amongst other matters, to tho Milburn Creek compensation scandal, the meaaui'- (bit wore dealt with in the last session of Parliamo.il, ino necessity for an amendment of tho land laws of tho colony, tho remission of interest duo by free selectors, Sir Henry Parkes' visit to England, public instruction, the long Parliamentary recess, &c; lu the evening he ivas entor tained at a banquet, Mn. A. H. M'Cot.t.ocu, the junior member for tho olectorato of Central Cumberland, nddie_se>d about 150 of his constituents last night, at tho Assembly Kooma, Liverpool. Mr. N. G. Bull, mayor of Liverpool, pre- sided, and Mr. M'Culloch maûo a long and interesting speech, a íeport of which is given in another column. Ho was listened to with close attention, and finally, on the motion of Mesáis. Haigh and Allum, a unanimous roto of confidenoo in Mr. M'Culloch was passed. Tun Ministerial train which was laid on in con- nection with the opening of the railway to Hay re- turned to town at ten minutos to G o'clock last evening, biinging tho lion. John Lackey, the Hon. Robert Wisdom, Sir Alfred Stephen, several members of both Houses of the Legislature, and a number of other gentlemen. Tho train loft Hay shortly atter 2 o'clock yesterday morning, and travorsed tho ontiro length of the Oreat Sout_-we=tern line-451 miles in lesa than 10 hours. The avenido rate of speed maintained throughout was therefore about 'M miles per hour. Sir John llobortson was also a passenger by this train as far as Narrandera, where ho stayed. Tho viceregal train was to bo detained at Hay until tho conclusion of tho ball to bo held at Hay last night Illa Excellency the Governor and party, including the lion. Mr. Suttor, stayed at Hav, intending to bo present at tho ball given in honour of the opening of tho railway. An error occurred in our telegraphic report of tho banquet hold on Tuesday. It is represented that the honorary secretary, Mr. A. Stowait was ono of tho gentlemen who responded to tho toast of " Tho Parliament." It should have been st-ited that Mr. Alexander Stuart, M.L.A., responded to thia toast "Wilks tho Ministerial train arrived at Groongal, on the Hay extension, on Tuesday, a conductor of one of the sleeping cari, named Joseph Parsons, got out, and was running towards the Governor's cairiogi», intending to perform soino duty in connection with that vehicle, when he tripped, and, falling, recoived some severo injury to his shouldor. Whon ho was picked up, it appeared that his shoulder was either fractured or dis- located. Uufoitunately, thoro wa3 no medical gentlo man amongst the excursionista, and the sufferer bad to bo talton on to Hay to receive attention there. Much sympathy waa exprossid for Parsons: and a collee, tinn was stinted by a gentleman, and tho sum of JC!) 10s. obtained and presented to tho sufferer. Tiih letter of our contributor on " Irish Affairs " describes very graphically the excitement in London when the newa of the assassination of Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burko readied tha motionoüs, and the effect thoso atrooious deeds had in hastening repressive legis- lation. The intlueuce of what is now t-tyled " tho Birmingham party " is supposed by the writer to have led to tho almost compulsory icsignation of Mr. Forster-compulsory so far that tho Cabinet declined to lenew tho Piotection Act in Ireland on his suggestion, and proposed to enter upon a policy of conciliation. Our correspondent, whose knowledge of Ireland and tho Irish ia undoubtedly very great, argues in opposition to this policy, and thinks Mr. JForater would have succeeded in restoring order if hia suggeotion. bud boon adopted. The question, however, admits of plausible argument on both sides, and tho Fall Mall Gazette, in discussing it, points out that Ireland cannot be placed under a harsher system of restriction than prevailed at St. Petersburg and Udessa, yot it did not savo the life of the late 0_ar, while it dooms hi. suceefsors to a terror-stricken life in his palace, which must be more horrible than the gloomiest dungeon in one of his own fortresse-, ; and that while Germany under a elate of siege ha? suppressed assassina, there is an all important distinction betwoen Germany and Ireland. In the former the opinion of tho country is on tho sido of tho Government, which approves and supporta the^e stern rne.isuros of repres- sion, but ni Ireland the sentiment of the population is intractably hostile ; and it is with this wholesale hos- tility that the British Government have to deal. A vnnv valuable discovery of ironstono is reported from Lako Macquarie. Coal- miners while tunnelling on the Warner estate suddenly caine upon a seam' _ feet C inuhcB thick ; a ¿ample of which, analysed by Mr. Dixon, of tho Technological College, Sydney, was found to contain 41*98 per cent, of metal. Tho discovery boa a peculiar value by rea=on of its being found in cloro proximity to coals, the atone being immediately over- laid by 9 inches of fireclay, above which is 4 feet of coal. Tin: monthly meeting of tho Randwick Asylum for Destitute Children vy.13 held at the asylum yesterday afternoon, there being a good attendaneo of diroototv. A report waa read with regard to tho supply of wat.-r from the boro put down on the grounds, and as to communications received with regard to analysis made of the watter. The Government Analyst stated that it contained moro ¡ron than is considt-red wholciome in a water to be used. The atipettntendent leportod that by means of a steam pump wa'.or had boon pumped up at the rate of SOO gallen» per hour for several periods of lour houis each. The total cost of putting down tho boro had been Ulli. 9a. Id,, and it had boon sunk to a depth of 705 feet. A discussion waa hold on the subject of the late enquiry ot a aub-eommitteo appointed lo inve.lig.ito cortan chtirttoi with regard to tho supeiintemlent having f.iil.-d to report that tho con- tracts for meat and broad had not been according to agroemont, and it waarosohod that the whole of the evidenco taken by the sub-oommittoo should bo printed and circulated among tho direetois, and that a meeting bo held in tho Town Hall on tho afternoon of that day fortnight to conaider the matter. At a meeting of the Randwick Municipal Council, held on Tuesday evening, the question of the establish- ment of baths at Coogee Bay was again brought forward, the following motion being submitted for adoption : "That this council borrow the sum of £2000 for the purpose of erecting baths at Coogee Bay, at a rate not exceeding 6 per cent, the same to be guaranteed by the "general rates." The Mayor (Mr. J. See) strongly aup- ported the object in view, but maintained that the council could not afford to let the control of the baths pass into other hands. There would be no objection on the part of the council to let the baths under condi- tions that would preserve decency and order; but they would strongly oppose any proposal which would be likely to turn Coogee into a resort for an undesirable class of people by the provision of such attractions as dancing saloons, &c.; The resolution was adopted with- out discussion. A resolution to the effoct that the Govornment be requested to grant the site of the baths, and vest it in the council was also carried. At tho monthly meeting of tho Royal Society of New South Wales, held in the society's house, Elizabeth-streot, lar-t night, Mr. H. C. Russell, B.A., presided. The chairman ptated that ho had designed On eyepiece for observing the transit of Tenus, which "affords the observer a number ot lines for referenco, so that practicall.* hu is enabled to seo the transit several times instoad oe' once." Mr. G. Butterfield read a paper on " Tho Orbit of the Comet," and Mr. W. MacDönnell oxhibited three specimens of incandescent lamps, viz. : Swan's, Maxim's, and tho Fox-Lano lamp. Tho first-named gavo a very brilliant and steady light, The proceedings aro reported tit longth in another column. A meeting was hold at the Masonio Hall, Balranald, on Wednesday, Juno 28, for the purpose of devising tho most otit-ctual meane for urging upon Government tho necessity for constructing a branch uno of railway between that town and Hay, r.nd also locking the river Murrumbidgee at sorao point between Balranald and tho junction of that river with tho Murray, so as to bring Balranald into moro direct communication with the metropolis. Tho meeting waa largo and influential. Sir.Cooke, P.M., occupied the chair, and the following resolution was proposed :-Mr. J. G. Manon moved, " That in view of the largo expenditure by the Now South Wales Government on railway extension in order to foster commerce and facilitate intercourse with tho metropolis, we.the inhabitants of this neglected portion of Riverina, take immediate steps to urge upon the Govern- ment our claim to bo considered and provided for in their present or future schemes of railway extension, or in such other modo as this meeting may decide as advis- able provided that such schomo provides for a speedy and reliable modo of conveyance for both pacsongors and merchandise lo and from the seaboard." Mr. Amery moved ' as an amendment,-"That, in tbo opinion of this meeting, it is inexpedient at this time to take any stop3 in tho matler." Tbo amendment, after discussion, was ruled out of order by tho chair I man, and tho original resolution was carried. This | was the only business done, nnd the chairman, in responding to a vote of thanks, 6nid ho was disap- pointed at the result of the moeting. ne had como thero with great interest, and was sorry th.t the sub- ject had not been moro fully ventilated, and that tho meeting had not decided upon ono scheme or the other. If the river were permanently navigable the commercial interests of Balranald would greatly increaso, and unlcfs tho townspeople wished to keop in a corner, thoy must do something to secure permanent transit. Titi: usual weekly meeting of the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition was held on Monday at tho Gftiden Palace, there being present Mr. John Davies, C.M.G. (in tho chair), Messrs. Seife, Down, Franki, Poolman, and Captain Broomfield. A quantity of correspondence wa« read from all parts of tho colonies, showing tho great interest taken in the exhibition. Thocompotitivo designs for the medals and certifica tos wore opened and inspected ; tho competition was gratifying, many of tho designs being orisirnl and well exoeuted. Tha final decision and awards vvero deferred to next meeting of committee, on Monday next. It was resolved to have a permanent advorti3emont inserted in .the morn ins: papers, and that the riieetinir bo open to tho press. Accounts nmountine; to £.l.->9 19?. were passed for pay- ment, and tho meeting then adjourned to Monday next. Tun quarterly moeting of tho No. 3 Volunteer Fire Brigade was held on Tuesday ovening. Mr. W. S. Kelly, Superintendent, occupied the chair. About SO members attendod ; ono candidate was admitted as a member of the brigade. Tho Ufual routine business having been gone through, tho auditors' report was read and the linunces were found to bo in a satisfactory condition. Tho secretary (Mr. A. Tremain) read tho quarterly report, which showed that tho number of alarms for tho past quaiter waa 49 ; tho attendance at tho alunas, COO ; aveiage attendance at each alarm, l8. Also, tho report for the best attendance at all alarms for the past twelvo months was read, which tho brigade presont threo pri.es for, in which M. Lylo, who had attended 152 alarms, won fust prize, valuo £¿> ; J. Joseph, 150 alarm», won second prize, valuo £3 ; J. Lyle, 119 alarms, won third prize, value ¿2 ; | M. Lylo being also the winner of a prizo, value £_ ils., presented by the superintendent for best attendanco at night alarms between tho hours of 8 p.m. and ö a.m. Mr. J. II. Rainford was elected assistant foreman ; after which committees vvero formod to arrange for a benefit on behalf of tho brigade, and abo a return dinner to a member of tho brigade. The usual monthly meeting of the Surry Hills Fire Company was hold last night at the head station, Mr. Superintendent M'Guinness in tho chair. Several now members woro propOBod. Tho chairman reported that tho Fire Brigades Board, through their secretary, Mr. Charles Bown, had intimated that a donation of £50 had been granted to the company. This aunouncomont was received with acclamation, a3 also was the an- nouncement that the Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Society had donated £L0 10s. to tho company, and that Mr. Ludwick, watchmaker, of 119, Oxford-street, had, in addition to a handsomo donation, presented tho company with a handsomo clock. It was resolved that lottera of thanks be for- warded to these gentlemen. Tho superintendent con- gratulated the oflicors and members of tbo company for their piompt and efficient services at the fire at Mr. J. J. Carroll's stables at Mooro Park. Arrangements were mndo for the ceremony of christening tho com- pany's new engino at an early date. Mr. Cohen re- ported that subscriptions wero coming in rapidly. A voto of thanks terminated the meeting. On Monday evening the Band of Courage met in tho Hall of tho Globo Presbyterian Church. Thora was a good attendance. The Rev. A. Gardiner presided, and Mr. George Spence, Mr. John Chapman"Mr. Murchison, and Mr. W. llardwick to.ik part in the procedings. A large number of the children gavo recitations, and several prizes were distributed to eucce-.ful competitors. The moeting waa closed ia'tho usual way. Oint Woodburn coirospondetit telegraphed yesterday : -'* Mr. Bruce Nicoll, of Sydney, waa banquotted hero last night. A largo number of tho leatling rosidonta of the district were pioacnt, al?o, the Rev. Dr. Stool and Mr. M'JCinnon, of Sydnev. A warm tributo was paid to the guest for the borvices rendered Richmond River by him, iii connection with the shipping interest, and the toast of tho evening was enthusiastically honoured. Mr. Lang, of Messrs. Lang Brothers, presided," The London correspondent of tho American Asso- ciated Press telegraphed that much interest is felt in social circles at tho return of tho Duke and Duchess of Norfolk from tho miracle-working spring of Lourdes in France. Their journey baa been made in the faith, worthy of titttea long pat-t, that a pilgrimage to tho shrine of Our Lady of Loutdaa would remove tho dreadful affliction ot blindness from their infant son and heir, the liltlo Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and I am informed that even now their graces have not given up hope, though at present there is no sign of im- provement in the child's condition. Tina modern pil- grimage excites dei iiion in some quarters, but the teel ing gnneiallvis only ono of great symp-ithy for the poirowin? parents. It ia said that Cardinal Mauning r.ither discounted the journey, but tho tamily priests utged it, and their ad vico prevailed finally. The child and his parents are now in London in tho strictest st elusion. At tho close of tho Central Police Court yoatorday, Mr. Crauo, S.M., took occasion to expresa his satisfac- tion with the tact and diligence of the police in track- ing out and bringing to justice the perpotratora of most of tho many burilarlos and htore robborios which, witbiu tho last two months, havo taken placo in Sydnny. Two accidents by vehicles to obildren occunod yoa- torday, neither ot whioh happily proved of a very serious nature. Tho first was to n boy rosiding in Cavondiflh-strrot, agod 12 years, and bearing tho name of William Murphy, who waa on tho top of an Kilmore omnibus, when hy some accident ono or moro of tbo wheels got Into a tut where a girqilpo waa buln» laid, and thu uiiddon jolt throw tim lad to tho ground. Ho was contused on the aulne, but not to uuv dangerous extent. The second caso was that of Flora H. Law, , aged 7 years, residing in Lower George-street. Sbo attempted to cross George-street as a cab was passing, and beforo the horse attached to it could bo pulled up, she was knocked down, one of tho wheels pas-ing over tho lower portion of her spine. There -vero no passen- gers in tho cab, or tho injury might havo been moro t-crioua. She waa a good"doal bruised on tho injured part, but no serious consequence is anticipated. A __wsno_ named Benjamin Purso, aged 13 yeira, whilst busy vending his newspapers yesterday after- noon, attomptcd to mn across George-street, and not perceiving the proximity of a hansom cab was knocked down by it, the vehiclo being stopped just in time to prevent ono of the wheels passing over his shoulder. He waa convoyed to the hospital, where it was found ho had sustained several contusions, but no very serious injury. An inquest was yesterday morning hold at Belmore, in the house of David Taylor, deceased, beforo Mr. W. T. Pinhey. J.P., acting coroner, in tho absence of the City Coroner, Mr. H. Shiell, J.P., into the causo of the death of the said David Taylor, who had died sud- denly. Dr. Chisholm, of Burwood, had mado a post- mortem examination of the body of the deceased, and deposed that in his opinion death had resulted from inilammation of tho lungs. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was roturncd. An inquest was hold yesterday nfternoon in the Commercial Hotel, Elisabeth- street, beforo the acting coroner, Mr. W. T. Pinhcy, J.P., into the cause of tho death of tho infant whoso body was, on Tuesday, found by two boys on tho sandhills, Redfern. A post-morte.m examination of tho body had boon mado by Dr. Dansey, who deposed that, in his opinion, the infant had been stillborn. A verdict in accordance with the Btatoment of the medical gentloman was returned. Wni.rs a correspondent :-" I was very much sur- prised to road that the New South Wales Football Association had decided, at a meeting, to invito tho Goolong team to a lunch at Manly and a trip round tho harbour on Sunday. As a momber of one of the association clubs I am sorry that somo other day was not chosen, when many who would like to bo present to do honour to our visitors could attend, who cannot under tho present circumstances. It is, however, not yet too lato to alter tho day, anti it is to be hoped that tho association will reconsider their decision." The New Zealand Herald learns that the friends of Sir Arthur Gordon in London, who are numerous and influential, have pressed his wishes upon the attention of Lord Kimberley, and it is quite possible he may be reappointed to the Governorship of Fij i, with extended powers as Commissioner of the Western Pacific. The same journal is also informed, on undoubted authority, that private letters and secret despatches about native affairs in New Zealand have arrived in London from Sir Arthur Gordon, which paint the New Zealand Government and the policy it has pursued in very dark colours. His Excellency cannot ignore the fact that the course pursued by the Ministry has had the cordial support of the great majority throughout tho country, and in consequence he remarks in an unfriendly manner on the colonists and their disposition towards the natives. The Riverina Recorder learns from a gentleman who has come from Wentworth that the rabbits are swarm- ing in the country he has come through. Mr. M'Donald, of Euston, who put in 70 acres of crop on his selection at Bumbang, on the Victorian side of the river, did not get anything off it, and he did not have a hoof on it all the season. In one week two men trapped 1300 rabbits on this land. Though some of the squatters are spending twice the amount of their assess- ment in providing labour, &c;, still the means adopted are totally inadequate to cope with the difficulty. The directors of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company have (says the Argus) intimated to the secretary of the Marine Engineers' Institution that the request for a third engineer to be placed on the company's steamers running between Tasmania and Sydney has been complied with, the directors believing that this course will be advantageous to all concerned. The Adelaide Steamship Company has also complied with a similar request, and in some of their boats, in addition to a third engineer being placed on board, an increase of pay has been given to those previously employed. The Pall Mall Gazette says :— " The fire risks of electric lighting, to which we have frequently drawn attention in these columns, have at last led one of the oldest insurance companies to insist upon the adoption of similar precautions to those which have been for some time made imperative in America. If proper precautions are taken electricity is a safer illuminant than either oil or gas, but if those precautions are neglected it is not too much to say that the risk of conflagration is enormously increased by the electric light." The Supreme Court (says the S. A. Register) has re- versed the verdict given in the case Wood v. the National Mutual Life Association of Australasia, Limited, and the insurance money which the man Ernest Neville endeavoured to secure to his creditors by the strange device of committing suicide, will not be paid by the association after all. It will perhaps startle some people to learn that the Supreme Court possesses the power to reverse the verdict of a jury upon a question of fact, as it has done in this case. One of the chief matters to be decided was with regard to the insanity of the insured, a point which the Attornoy-General contended was amply proved by his having professed a belief in spiritism, indulged in the practice of drawing strange pictures under the influence of some halluci- nation, and asserted that he had seen a ghost. The jury had found that the evidence proved Neville to be insane, and the Judge had therefore directed a verdict for the plaintiff, who sued for the amount of the policy. His Honor the Chief Justice said, in reference to the action which the Court is now taking, that it appeared to him that it was not overriding th Supreme Court Act, inasmuch as the proceeding was sanctioned by the rules of Court, and these rules, according to the Act of 1878, are entitled to have the force of law because they have been laid on the table of both Houses of the Legislature, and have not been disallowed by them." MR. DOWNER has introduced a bill into the South Australian Legislature admitting criminals to the wit- ness-box in their own cases. A bill of a similar kind had been previously introduced into the House of Commons, of which the Law Times says :—" One of tho moat remarkable results of the debate on Mr. Hop wood's Criminal Law Amondmont Bill was tbo unanimity displayed with regard to tho necessity for amonding the law of evidence in criminal cases. Tho inability of a person chargod with a ciiminal offenco to give eiidenco at his own tr:al waa, na is well known, expressly retained by Lord Brougham's Act (14 and 15 Vic. o. 99). It has, however, been frequently ques- tioned on subsequent occasions, and tho distinction bo tween civil and criminal trials in this respect seems to rest on no logical basis. Still less no does tho rulo by which husbands and wives aro rendered incompetent witnesses for or against each other. The main object of this rule is supposed to bo the preservation of domestic peace ; but the idea called forth somo of Benthatn's severest stricturos, and was provod by him well calculated 'to convoit every man's house into a nursery of unpunishablo crimoe.' Mr. Hopwood now proposed to broak through both of theso exceptions. Tho bill provides that -very ono proceeded against by indictment shall bo a competent witneas at hi« own trial, and tho husband and wife, as the case may bo, of every such accused perron shall bo a compotont witness for her or him, but no such person shall bo called as a witnees by tho prosecutor, although when called ho shall bo liable to crO'-s-examination. Tho principio of this provision having boen approved by both sides of tho Home, it may bo hoped that tho desired reform is not far off. . Pt rhaps the strongest argument in its favour was the authoritativo statemont of tho Homo Soeiotary, that no one in hi. official position could avoid tho conclusion that many innocont persons would eBoapo conviction if thoy were allowed to toll thrir own stoiy. When theso suggested amendments of tho law havo been mndo, Bonthmn's often-quotod aphorism, that 'in tho char- acter of objootions to competency no objections ought to bo allowed,' may ho said practically to havo obtained a completo viotory." Tim roventh nntitial ball in oonueotion with the Merolia- j tilo KowimrClub takes pine, this evening, nt the UxliibiCoû Building, Prince All'ieel Piule. Tina evening tho ontorlninment at 'he Vielen in Hull is | io hu ior tho beiiuilt of the City Fue lhiitiitlo. A turon llght procession through the uti Mil« i'f tim e.ltv in uiiuüuut'ijd ' lu eounection with it, 