TOWN TALIC. ; The Legislative Council sat for a short timo only yesterday, - and was engaged principally discussing Mr Cuthbert's tram-' ways proposals, the debate on which was adjourned for a fortnight. In the Legislative Council, last night, the Solicitor-General acknowledged the jus tice of a complaint made by Mr Belcher of great delay in the transaction of business in the Titles Office, and promised additional assistance. Mr Deakin brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Railways last night the shameful crowding . of cattle trucks, and instanced a recent case where, at the end of a journey, many of the beasts were found dead, and others with their horns broken off, and their eyes gouged out. In the Assombly last night the Premier was questioned by Mr Mirams upon tho recent speech of the Solicitor-General at Hawthorn. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen evaded anything liko a direct reply. Ho observed that the report in the' Herald was a mere sketch, and that Mr Mirams need ' entertain no expectation of finding himself in a majo rity on his land resolutions. Mr Gardiner, M.L.A., is hot satisfied with the reports of Parliamentary proceedings which appear in the daily papers, and has given notice to move that a daily Hansard should be printed, and distributed through out the country. God save the country ! A meeting of the provisional directors of Geelong and Western District JCoal and and Mineral Prospecting Company, to allot shares appliod fur in the Company, was held at the office, Chamber of Commerce, on Monday. Two hundred and eighty-six applications, accompanied with deposits of ; five shillings per share on two thousand one hundred and twenty-four shares, wero examined, and allotment made to the re' spective applicants. There were a number of applications and requests for shares, without stating the number required or promised, but aB deposits had not been paid these could not beallotted. Thedirectors decided that the' notices- of allotment to each shareholder be held over for the present, and, in order that those desirous of joining the Company, as evidence of interest in the district, should have an opportunity to do so, the closing of the share list was postponed for a fortnight. Sufficient capital having been now subscribed, tho solicitor o* the Company was instructed to proceed with the registration at once. The Secretary, Mr Middlemiss, intimated that the Government were ready with the diamond driil, and had expressed surprise; that it had not been availed of before." Ho also-stated that, unless it was made use of by tho Geelong Co. very soon, it might be given tp another district. At tho meeting of the Geelong West Coun cil, last evening, a letter was read from the Post and Telegraph Department, intimating that at present funds were mot available for commencing the erection of the new Post and Telegraph Offices at Geelong West> but that a temporary building might be orccted to carry on the business. To this councillors generally objected, and stated that if they accepted a tempo rary building they, wopld never get a permanent one, and it was decided to ask the Parliamentary representatives of Geelong to urge the Government to proceed with the erection of the proposed new buildings as soon as possible. , The death of Mr Joseph Kirkland, grocer, of Malop-street east, at the age of 62 years, was announced in our columns yesterday. The deceased, who was a native of Derby, England, was a very old colonist, having arrived in Geelong in 1851. He was by trade a compositor, and was employed on the composing staff of this journal almost from his arrival in the town until about ten years ago, when he was compelled, through his eyesight failing him, to resign his " stick" and "case." For about 19 years Mr Kirkland carried on a grocery business in Malop street east, and maintained a good business connection, earning the goodwill and respect of all by his quiet, courteous demeanor. He was ailing for about 12 months, and had been attended for some time by Dr. Car stairs, and on Monday morning he quietly expired, the cause of death being heart disease. Ever since the fire which destroyed a neighbor's premises, and partly oonsumed his shop, some time ago Mr Kirkland seemed depressed, and it is believed that, the excitement of the fire gave him a shock from which he never altogether rallied. He will be buried this afternoon, the funeral leaving his late residence at two o'clock. The members of the Geelong West Borough Coiincil expressed great indignation, at their meeting last evening, and took exception to the remark recently made by Mr Heron; P.M., at tho Police Court, that there was more drunkenness in Geelong West on Sun day than in ony other part of Geolong. The councillors - thought Mr Heron's - remarks were uncalled for, and some high words and throats woro thrown out, and it was agreed to ask the Chief Secretary to furnish a state, ment showing tho number of persons ar rested on charges of drunkenness in the borough during the past two years. The July sittiugs of the County Court will commence at ten o'clock this morning, before his Honor Judge Nolan. The cause list, which is published elsewhere, embraces 39 cases, iucluding five . brought , by the Exhibition Hall Co; ((Limited) against cer tain shareholders, and stated at under £50. A Court of Insolvency will bo hold imme. diatoly after tlio County Court, which com mences its sittings this morning, before his Honor Judge Nolan. The following certifi cate meetings are set down for hearing : - Samuel Bnmford, Colac, laborer ; Samuel Ynndall, Geelong, builder; John M'Cou. brio, Geelong, confectioner ; John Henshaw, i Geelong, contractor. At tho termination of the meeting of the Geolong West Borough Council, Inst evening, tho members adjourned to the St. ' George Hotel, where a number of toasts relating to the rotiring councillors were duly honored, and mutual good wishes for future success at the Council table exchanged. At the examination of teachers in training recently held at Flinders School, the three candidates presented by Mr G.F. Link, viz., Miss M'Donell,'. and Messrs Jones and Kewisb, were all successful, and they have accordingly been summoned to attend the central Training Institution, in Melbourne, in order to complete their course, A child named Margaret .JberguBon, agca 24 years, residing with, her parents. in Gee long, while playing about the house yes terday fell off a sofa, and sustained some severe contusions, which were subsequently j attended to at the hospital. .. ' The Geelong, West Council decided last evening to co-operate with the Geelong town and other! Councils, in urging on the Govern ment the necessity of providing a perma nent water supply for Geelong before the coming summer. Yesterday afternoon, as a horse attached to a cart belonging to Messrs Scott Bros, was backing in to their store, in Malop-street, the cart came in contact with one of the cast iron verandah posts, and snapped it off like a piece of wood, about two fefit from thb , roof. A. new. post will have to bo erected, f and, meanwhile, wooden posts firo used to j help to keep np the verandah. ; The wild gale of yesterday morning was succeeded by a forenoon which gave every J indication of fair weather, but shortly after noon a change oeeurred, and later on several showers of rain fell. In the evening, shortly after six o'clock, a light but steady down pour set in, and continued for three hours, the rain being accompanied by a wind o piercing coldness. Largo quantities of sheep still continue to be despatched from the Western district" to the metropolis. On Monday evening, shortly before half-past six o'clock, a speciaj train, consistingof 29 trucks, packed with sheep, from Leigh Road and the ■ districts beyond, passed through tho local _ station, and shortly afterwards 14 trucks 'of | " bleaters, " brought down the Colac line, were attached to tho 6.30 train and left for Melbourne. Messrs Brady and Pardey, Js P., attended at the Police Court yesterday morning, and discharged a man charged with having been drank and disorderly. The lockup had two inmates lost evening, one being Catherine Cook, a bibulous female of some notoriety, who was found prostrate in a lane off Corio-street, by Senior-Constable Conlon, at seven o'clock, sleeping off tho effects of her potations ; and the other being a man who was arrested by Constable Wickham in too stupid a condition to give his name. ' Tho following now insolvency schedule was I filed yesterday with Mr Hutchinson, Chief | Clerk of IosolvonoyEdward Chapman, laborer, of ABhby, Geelong. Causes of In solvency—Sickness in family, want of em ployment, and pressure of creditors. Lia bilities, £58 lis 4d : assets, £10 ; deficiency, £4S lis 4d. An adjourned court for the revision of voters'lists for the Newtown and Cbilwell j and Geelong West division, was held yester day at the Police Court, by Messrs Brady and Pardey, Js.l1. There were no appli cations, and the lists were signed as correct. The retiring councillors for the Borough of Geelong ' West this year are Messrs E. Hopton (Mayor), J. Donagby, nnd Hobhs, all of whom intend seeking re-election. We have not hoard so far of any opposition being contemplated. The annual missionary meeting of the Primitive Methodist Church, Pakington street, was held on Mouday evening, and was well attended. Mr G. M. Hitchcock occu pied the chair, and suitablo addresses were delivered by tho Revs. W. Moore (of Prah ran), J. Barton, and H. Hoathershaw, and Mr C. R. Pawsey, between which hymns wero nicely rendered by the choir. Tho receipts for the -year, according to the Treasurer's report, amounted to £44 17s Gd, made up as follows :—By boxes, £22 3s 3d; by collecting cards, £7 17s ljd by Sun day school donations, £7 2s 94d; by col lection on previous day (Sunday), £3 12s ; by amount taken up at meeting, £4 2a 4d. Tho report was adopted, and, after the speakers, chairman, and collectors had been accorded votes of thanks, the meeting was brought to a conclusion in the: orthodox manner. . , Bachelder's Anglo-American Christy Min strels appeared at the Exhibition Theatre for the second time last evening, but tho steady downpour of rain interfered with the attendance of the public. An excellent pro gramme was, however, gone through, and the members of the troupe, in both vooal and physical performances, elicited the frequent applause of the audience. The ballads and concerted pieces rendered by the vocalists, Messrs Ball, Fredericks, Bergin,.and Read ; the comic songs, high kicking, and dancing of Messrs Keenan and. Moynbam, with the marvellous contortions of the latter ; the farces; and tho admirable instrumentation of tho orchestra, form a really first-class "negro" entertainment. Tho troupe ap pear again this evening. Tho steamer Nemesis, after , discharging tho portion of her cargo consigned to tho Victorian Railways and the Ballarat branch of the firm of Messrs Huddart, Parker and Co., as.the railway pier, moved over to tho Yarra-strcet pier early yesterday morn ing, to dischargo" the remaining portion (about 1000 tons) for the company's local yard. In berthing alongside the pier she fouled the hulk Sparrowhawk, but no damage was caused. Tho steamer left for Melbourne late yesterday afternoon. The new Prince's bridge is to cost £100,000, of which the Government give £50,000, tho City Council £33,500, and other municipalities £16,500. ; Over five hundred pouuds was taken in two hours ' when the sale of tickets for Archibald Forbes'.: lectures commenced in Adelaide. A youth named William Hartley has been crushed to death by machinery, at VValkar and Swan's brickyards, Blackwood, South Australia. < John Simpson, who had charge of the lighthouse at Sandy Capo,-Queensland, lins accidentally shot himself dead. The deceased j had been nearly. 30 years in the Government service. Maryborough (says tho Advertiser) has a ghost. It wanders about on the hills at tho other Bide of the railway, dressed in white, and frightens all tho women that cross its path. I Tho lilustraled London News states that the will (dated 27th September, 1S81) of Mr Charles Robert' Darwin was proved on tho 6th June by William Erasmus Darwin and George Howard Darwin (tho sons), tho exe cutors, the value of tlio personal estate amounting to upwards of £146,000. Tho Datives at Mount Borrel, in the in terior of South Australia, have killed a station shepherd named Stewart. The stock man left for the purpose of looking up the cattle, and should have returned on the following evening, bat lias been absent for four days, and Inspector Dempsey has started in search of him. Messrs Huddart. Parker, aud Co. on Monday forwarded a letter to tho Melbourne City Council, giviug notice that, as war had broken out, they would in ono month's time terminate the contract which they bad entered into for supplying the council with coal. The letter was referred to the Legis lative Committee. .The court of enquiry ;_to consider the charge of insubordination preferred by Captain Mnsgrove against Acting- corporal Rchfiscb, of the B. V. R-, waa continued on Monday evening, and the examination of witnesses concluded. The board afterwards drew up their report, which will bo sub mitted to bead quarters before being made public. An escape, approaching the miracnlons, waa experienced by Mrs Kelly, the land lady of the refreshment rooms at the Kyne ton railway station, on Saturday night. Just before the arrival of the last down train, Mrs Kelly essayed to cross from the up-platform, not noticing the approach ing train, which waB almost upon her, when Mr Henderson, station-master, and Con stable Comyns, dashed forward and literally . dragged her from beneath the wheels of the engine. A shocking accident happened at Buckley's Swamp, near Hamilton, on Sunday, result ing in the death of a lad named John Nicbol, aged 15 years, son of a resident of the town. The unfortunate lad was assisting Messrs M'Bean, in driving some sheep, and whilst the latter started with the sheep he was left behind to yoke up the horses, and follow with the dray. Abont an honr afterwards a man named U'DonnoIl round the lad quite dead, with the back of the dray resting on his shoulders close to the nock. Death was caused by dislocation of the neck. Mr W. H. Lloyd, one of the candidates at the reoent GeeloDg election, writes to the Herald as follows " In your paper of the 22nd inst., containing the report of Dr. Dobson's (M.L.C.) speech at Hawthorn, ho states that Mr Berry went down to Geelong and specially selected a candidate. If he is alluding to me, he is laboring under a great mistake, as, up to the present time, I have never spoken to Mr Berry or he to mo, or received a letter from him directly or indirectly in reference to political matters or any other business. From past amateur experience I now consider all political associations are most injurious to the welfare of the colony, besides moat damaging to any individual seeking Parlia mcotary honors, &c.; During my late election campaign I advocated a Btrong Coalition Ministry, consisting of Messrs MacBain, Francis, Oillies, lato Mr Ramsay, Madden, nucl Berry ; and from the 11 enormous1' amount of business transacted this session, I have no hesitation in Baying that if what I advocated had come off, much more bene fioial results would have taken place before this, and hon. members would not have gone homo night after night, as Sir John O'Shanassy mentioned a few days since, asking themselves what business had been done, and tha answer was—nothing. The following appears in the Manchester Examiner of 31st May :—Referring to the notice in to-day's Examiner and Times of the arrival of fresh mutton by a sailing Bhip from Anstralia, it may be interesting, in order to show the progress of thiB Australian moat trade, to state that a steam ship h&B; just left the Clyde for Australia, fitted with refrigerating machinery on the system introduced by Hick, Hargreaves and Co., and made at the works of that firm in Bolton. What is remarkable in this ship, and distinguished it from all others fitted for this trade, is the capacity of the chamber in whieh the frozen meat is to be carried. This space has a capacity of about 700 tons, being the largest capacity of refrigerator room yet fitted on any Bhip. At the trials at sea of Hick, Hragreaves, ahd Co's. machinery, it produced a continuous stream of cold dry air for the meat chamber, the temperature of the air flowing from the machine being 85* Fabr. below zero, and the large chamber was kept Bteadily at zero, or 32* below the freezing point. The steamer in question was fitted out for the Australian Company (Limited), of London and Hick, Hargreaves and Co. have just completed .and shipped to Queensland for the same company a cold-air maohine, whioh is said to be the largest ever made, being intended for freezing 1000 tonB of fresh meat, and keeping it frozen in store ready for shipment. As the average weight of an Australian sheep is about S01b.,this enormous freezing machine will keep 28,000 sheep frozen in the Queens land stores, in a perfectly freBh state, for any length of time necessary before ship ment. ^ The meeting in aid of Indian Missions, to bo held this evening in the Hall of tho Me chanics' Institute, promises to be ono of exceptional interest. Bishop Sargent, who is to address the meeting, has just returned froma successful tour in New Zealand, and was welcomed on Monday night, in Ballarat, by a gathering that crowded the Alfred Hall. Having fully forty years' experience as a missionary in South India, and a wonderful facility of language, he is able to enchain the interest of an audience by instructive narrative, amusing anecdote, and vivid de scription. Wherever he has addressed an audience in these colonies, from which be sails at the end of this month, he has found a cordial welcome, and left a deep and abi ding impression. The Rev. H. B. Macartney, jun., will also take part, and the proceed ings are to be varied by selections of saored music. " The Geelong Football Clnb will hold a practice match this afternoon on tho Aber deen-street ground. Simonsen's Royal English and Italian Opera Company are annonnced to appear at the Exhibition theatre on Monday, tho 7th prox., and ensuing week. The company numbers 50 performers. Candidates for the offices of Direotors of tho Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufac turing Co. must be nominated before 4 o'clock p.m. on Monday next. The election notices for the Shires of Bel larine, Corio, Bannockburn, Barrabool, and South Barwon, and the Borough of' Geelong West, appear in our advertising columns. Nominations close, as notified, on the 1st and 2nd prox., and the elections will take place on the 10th inst. 