-VOICES FROM THE POLHT, F RTl-PRANfiis' church .melbourne. ' ' A hirge cougivgtitioM "ff'Bjl'le'I at Bis J Fiancis' Church1 on Si:nd..y coming, . whem tbe Rev: 'Prior;;Butlfir, of the Car znelite 'Order, :preaobe(i-.v» discourse, the occ'is-ion heuig tSie -i"easi of- St. Josephs - thai" World" say.--"-: — :y -..v. ; -i.;The rev; gentle-man look his ' xfc from » the 104th P.salra,/17-ih verse — "Hehstfe constituted him master of his house, and master of all his- possessions." 3bo .:;j 'Catholic -Church, v he- said, constantly placed before her = children the lives Of . the saints to stimulate them to imittftS " their examples and I hereby acquire 30- gard hereafter. The more they read 6E>f ->f the lives of the . s«mts aud the grafi - things they did through the cross of Gttd ) the more they admired them. 'iho matin . borrowed all her light from the orb ©f v day. So likewise the saints, bep-utifnias rJi they : might be, were reflections of thfi Son ot -God-r-His cross shone upKa - them-, - and / made them ' what tbqy were. And how wouderful were th© , dealings of Almighty; God with -His saints.-. Some of them stood boldly olft : - r in the world:s history, as men armed with ; power. -At one time it was & , Moses.- and on olher occasions it was an Elins and a Samson, all of whom showed the glory and greatness of God. Bill there wore other saints who came into r" this world, as it were, like the dew ©I heaven, and refreshed iL by their sane- tfcity. They were hidden in the depths of Almighty God, like the angels above, whose history we know so little of. The glorious pa; riarch St Joseph was a man whose- hisi or v was comprised in a few words — a just man. And yet if the people studied the lissiory of Joseph, if they reasoued out, the office which ha " held, and the inrvilu-blo conclusion waB that there' was n" s>imt, not even the mo lif-r nf God so litgh'y favored, 80 gloiii.u- y prerogative. The Lord "con- : stuu'ed mm the master of his houSB and ruler of all his possessions." "What - were the possessions and household thai Joseph w«s lni-.-i over ? Was it tha i mere ma o- uti c,r ;b "? J-si;s Christ de- clar< d that his. kingdom wis not - v ol tnis world. There is a kingdom of Honls — a hi iglit kingdom in Heaven above, iiod Ht. Joseph was constituted the Lord of this. He was to be tha nearest after Mary to the living God himself. The Blessed Virgin stood - -< peerless amongst God's other creations — the Mother of she Son, the spouseof the Holy Ghost- itself. She- was the im maculate mother of an immaculate son, Joseph was her guardiaD, her protector. Alter dwelling at some length on the spotless purity of Joseph, the reverend gentleman referred to his wonderful obedience. : There was a simplicity about his obedience which was different ' from that, ot the other saints. - Were thry not called stupid men and women who gave up their wills to another ? Was it not said !o be immoral for a man to yield lus will to another ? Look at St. Joseph ! The word comes to him and instantly ho oneys. AlwayB in the back ground, always in the shade, no thrust ing himself forward, because it was not the will ol God. His whole history was comprisod m a few words— "He was a just man." He was willing to be lost in Jesus. Christ — to tie accounted nothing ; and Joseph was accounted nothing, his individuality was sunk. Having been constituted the guardian o! Mary, and the lord of all his possessions, his office still re- miiined, and, therefore, they needed his intercession m the hour of danger and temptation. And they had the warranty of many saints — men of learning and women'ol glorious intellect — that in all ;na!s, temptations aud necessities they found recourse to St. Joseph to be most ifficacinus to them. Happy was the young man who resisted the dangers of impurity. It w«s that sin which tended to make men atheists. Were a young man refused to recognise Goq and eternal punishment he. most assuredly wanted iree went to his passions. Unless he was pure ahd hoiv, he could not understand the things oPGod. Thev should not con sider dangers' or family ties when the voice ol God cai-led upon them to imitate the. humility ot Joseph. They should cure not for the wfirld's bliss ; it was only a passing thiog.jg, Then St. Joseph died, -'standing by his bedside was JesuB and Mary. The Lord ,God closed the eyes of that humble carpenter, and the -Lord himself received his dying spirit. The life of St. Joseph should" be their example, and his purities should be written -m their lives, and when the time arrived .tor departing this world he fer vently hoped their death would be like his— with Jesus, Mary and Joseph stand ing by their sides. 