KSnTiCULTURAL SOCIETY OP VICTORIANS SHOW. Tlie autumn exhibition of this socioty wns opened on Thursday, 80th Itnreh, in the Town Hall, Sfolbonrne. The show was 'not tho largest '; that has been held by tho society, but as regards finality it was almost if not quito etinal to any former display, anil was actually better than could havo boon roasonably expected, considering tho unfavorable nature of -tho season. Tho num ber of pot plants was vory small, nono of tho largo growers coming forward oxcopt Henry Boyce, who exhibited several Of his bost'spoci mons. Mr. Guilfoylo Bent ainrgo collection from the Botanic Gardens, which helped to fill several boncties that would otherwise havo been empty. Cut flowers, though not so abundant as on .previous occasions, woro good in quality. The display of fruit was largo beyond expectation, and included miinerons fine examples of cultivation. Vegetables also wero very good. In pot plants there was no competition, nnd several numbers wero vasaut. H. hoyco obtained first prizes forsix, threo and one in bloom ; also for foliage plants, Dracamas and Crotons. Among his (lowering plants the lovely Kuctmris nmazonica was conspicuous, also a splondid cpecimon of Allamnnfla Hondereoni, the curious Dicborisandra thyraiflora and Poris tcria data, known as tho Holy Ghost plant. Ferns, lycopols nnd others woro shown In email specimens by Jiimcs Taylor. J. F. Roberts had Orchids, among them the beautiful Cattloya citnna, and a very smiill pretty Phalaiiiopsis, named intermoilin. C. Jackson showed a krgo collection of -very neat Bmall plants of Fuehaia. Coleuscs were not so bright as on proviouB occa Bionu. Mr. Guilfoyle's collection from the Botanic Gurden contained bcvotuI fino palms, eomo of tho beat being Vcischafleltia splondida, Phrenocophorura soycholliann, Cocas Wedellinna and Eontinckia codapanna. Thoro wero also good plants of Homalomena rabra, a now Arad ; tho grand-leaved Spherogyno, Cyanophyllum Bowmanni, Artocarpus incisa (tho Bread fruit); several other Arads, Crotons and Cordylines. The crotoua of IT. Boyco woro exceedingly benutiful. Uno of the most interest ing exhibitions of pot plants was a collection of tomatoes from tho gardens of the society, ox ceodingly well grown and trainod.all loaded with fruit, nnd forming an excellent study of the dif ferent varieties. Cut flowers wero vory good ; we do not remember to have seen tbom bottor, 1 tho usual exhibitors— Taylor and 8ancitor, ' urant, ncott ana sons and Jackson — being again well to the fore. Taylor and Sangstor's twenty four woro exceedingly fino, among thorn boln' ' somo magnificent lilies ; Grant's wero arranged in his usual capital style. Tho Ribfias were good, and the competition waa closo, though wa havo seen better at former shows. Taylor and Sangstor got first prizo for twenty-four, beating Bcott and Sons in n verydosebonteat, tbelattor being tho winners in twelve, and also in six. 0. Jackson also took' several prizes with Bome very good flowers. Miss Stoddart and Miss Williams woro tbo principal competitors in bouqueta, which wore of tho usual character. They each showed an epergne, both very neatly and tastefully dressed. Scott and ? Bona showed somo grand immortolies, and won- ' derfully fino bou-iuot;papora. Tho fruit was, of courso, tho great featuro of .tho show, and though not, upon tho wholo, —equal to that shown last year, contained many specimens that liavo never been excelled, Tho miscellaneous collection— thirty varieties— for tho special prizo of 10 guineas bffered'by Sir. T. Hmoaton, was won for the second time by H. V. Colo, with the finest collection that has evor boon ' sot up in tho Town Hull. It contained varieties of all the kinds of fruit in season, every dish being lauhleflB. Grapes : Tho 'Hunbnrgha nmpuficent, .and other sortB hardly inferior. , HolcttD, fcaeics ; Lady Palmeraton, tint, n Toy goon lato variety. TonTB : Magnificent. Apples ' including 'his valuablo and exanisitol^- ': flavored . seedling Pryico o£ Tippina. 3. ' 0\. 'Colo showed nn immensely largo col-: lection, containing somo 130 varieties, most of them well j-rown, though lacking water in tho soil, und ai tho beat sorts in cultivation, including several of hia dolicious scoilling pome. The prize for a collection of six varieties of tiiblo grnpos was won by T. Somorvillo, Stmthliuldsayo, with fruit that was not romurkably lino for tho district. Ho wus beaten -in lilack grapes by II. U. Colo, who Blinwoa splundid llnniburghs. Tho best fort.y-oight apples wero shown by W. A. Shepherd ; they woro very. good, well grown and finely colored, including his new seedling John Todu, not ,\et in perfection. C. Draper, who was second, had also a good dot, somo of them being unusually lino specimens of their varieties. In twclvo apples, II, 0. Colo mas first with a very bonntifnl lot. 0. Draper hnd'tlio best single dish of dessert apples. In, pears, J.O.Colu was tirslwith forty-eight, boat ing C. draper and J. Harbison, ouch of whoso lots contjtiiioil dishes of great niorit., H. U. Cole being firat in twolve.undBinglodiuh.wUhgrimdoxamplcB. T. Somorvillo was .tbo only exhibitor of t plums, whioli wuro really good for the timo of J'oar. H. U. Cole's first prizo peaches anil melons wero Tory good. John Davidson, llosebank, Wnrr nambool, showed collections of apples— fifty- four vnrieties— a'jdofrrenr3thirtyvarietica,allcleanand woll arown, most of the Bpecimous superior in size and appcarnnco. A very interesting collec tion of apples and pears caino from WamUliKong, scntbyiheHorticultHr.il Society of that place; they wore not the proiluce of any one orclmrd, but were collected from thogardonsofmincrsand other cottagers. Tho sorts were named, with tho ex ooption of about a dozen, and included most of tho good -varieties going. Tho apples numbered sixty-threo varieties, -and tho i)cars twonty variotios. They were consigned to tho charge of Mr. Sangster, of Taylor and Sangstor. A vory lar^o collection camo from tho gardens of tho society, consisting of 127 sorts of apples, ISC of pears, 30.misoellanoouB fruits, besides 43 varieties of potato.. John Smith and Sons, Jliddoll, showed n seedling cooking apple, one of tbo finest evor go on in the colony. It is of largo sizo, Bpocimena weighing nearly a pound each, a good keeper, with a oloar akin, and of a very tine appearance. ; Vogotnblos wero tolerably ahiindant, and thofact thnt ?they we're nearly nil shown by 'Woodmtson and Morcy isn.anfficiontsunranleo for thoir ex-: celloncc, which was really great. Ellison's oucnmbers were also very 'ootl. Kobcrt Lane, Highton, Geelong, sent a collection of sixty vn rietioa 'of remarkably woll grown pot'itoci'. T. i Breslin showed a magnificent window plant case ' of cork and bent glass, exceedingly well done, ; and also h-plnn't label worthy of notice. \ TI10 exhibition was opon ngain yestoranyin the I afternoon and evening, and waa fairly well at- 1 tended. Visitors on the second day aro generally ! persons rvho aro attracted moro by a desire to ; examine tho different varieties of 'fruita and '. flowors than with tho object of scanning tho ; drosses of others or showing oft' their own, and persons of both sexes might bo seen, note-book in hand, copying tho names of the cboicor varie tios, and also obtaining names for sorts thoy may havo .at homo unknown. In consequent of the cool weather, tho flowers and plants woro as frcBh :ib on'the first day of tho show.' Tho following is tho. prizo list :— oi'E.-! to All Comers. PoT-oitoWH Tlasts — JuUkcb: Hcs5r!-. A. Stuart, ?Wm. TaylorandJ. O.GaUd.— Six plants iu bloom: lot prize, -H.iioyca, pardoner to Mr. H. -JUllcr, Kow. Three plants In bio -m : let, II. Boyco. Speoimcn plaut In ?bloom : 1st, 11. U.I.VC0. Sixornarocnt-.il foliaijo plants: Int. II. Bnycc. Threo ornamental (oliago plants : lat, II. Boyco. Six fubhsias in bloom : 1st, 0. Jackson, Nonhcotc. Bix fcrus pomi undor rIms: 1st, II. Bovco. Four lycnpods: 1st, James Taylor, garilencr to -Mr. A. B. Mallcson, Kicliniond. Three orchids In .bV-om: Int., Jas. F. Doljcrts, ttoyal Nurjery, Kow. Threo draurenas: 1st, II. Uoyco ; 2nd, Jas. Taylor. Six orotons: 1st, H. Iioyre. Blx tuburousrootod begonln: lot, C. Cairns, Tocrak. Cur Flohtrs ? JikIkcs: Messrs. A. Klliolt, V. Wat tcrs,N. llrmlin. Dahlias : II. Bovco, James Taylor and 0. P. Creawell.— Twenty.four distinct variotics : l8S prizo, Taylor and Songster, Toorak Nursery. Twoutyfour dabllua: 1st, Taylor ond dnngstur ; 2nd, J. Seottand Son, Itojal Nursery, Hen'tJiorn. Twclvo dahlias : 1st, J. Scott and Son ; 2nd, C. JackBmi. Six dahlias : 1st, J. Scott and Son ; 2nd, 0. Jackson. Twenty-four annuals : let, T. II. Grant, cardoner to J. A. Kitchen, Kew. Twelve zinnias : let, T. Pockctt, (mrdciiBrioT.!K. Heott, Toorak. Twclvo vcrbonas: 1st, K. M. Calmes. Bouquet (lund): 1st, Miss Wil liams, Ilawlhorn; 2nd, Jlias Stoddart, 1'rahran. ?Bouquot (bridal) : 1st, Miss Stoddart ; 2nd, 41lb3 Wil liams. Fboit.— Juilffos : Messrs. J. Harris, J. -lans, W. JIuriiocli. Amatour olasB: J. O. Colo, C. Dra -per, J. Harbison.— Collection table gnipos, six varieties: 1st prizo, T. Somervillo, fstratltflold Baye ; 2nd, W. Somorville, Strathfloldsayo. Grapes, ?boat threo bunches (Mslil): 1st, T. Somor vliio; 2nd, V. Somorvillo. Crapoa, best threo bunches (dnrii); 1st, H. U. Colo, liawthorn ; 2nd. T. Somdrvlllo. Apples, forty-cl(-ht varieties: 1st, W. A.Slioppard, Porfectlon Nursery, Homorvillo ; 2nd, 0. Draper, Chnmwood, Hazel Glcu. Applra, nvclvo vaTietlos: l6t, H. D. Cule. Apples, dessert, ono vnrluiy : 1st, 0, Draper; 2nd, -II. 0. Cole. Applt*. cooking, onq variety : 1st, J. T. Ellison, Proston ; 2nd, 0\. Draner. -Pears, forty-ciglit varieties : 1st, J. C. Colo, IUbhrnond NurBery j 2nd, C. Draper. Pcnro, twelve variotles : 1st, II. U. Colo j 2nd, W. Bailey, ^lalwrn. Pears, dessert, one variety : 1st, n. U. Colo; 2nd, J. C. Cole. Plums, sin»lo dlah : 1st, T. Somor- k ville. MekmVscarlot Hc«h, green, water, ono of each: lnt, H. U. Colo, l'caobcs, Biiiflc diah; 1st, U. D. Colo, ?Vtoctadius — Juiipfcs: Mcssre. W. Bailey, E. f). :Edsall,lid.,Uunt— Eighteen dirtinct'Uiuds: istpriio, W. Woodmason.Malvern ; 2nd, J. Morey, Cheltanlmn. Onions, twenty.four dried bulbs : 1st, 0. Jackson ? 2nd, J. Moroy. Potatoes, kidney : 1st, J. Moroy. I'jfcitocs, rounii : Jst, 1. Jlorey ; 2nd, R. Lauo. Toma toes : 1st, W. Woodmasou ; 2nd,T. I'ockt'tt. CnbbnmM: 1st, W. Woodnmson ; 2nd,T. I'ookott. Cubbaccs, red : 1st, W. Wonduiason ; 2nd, J. Moroy. French' boans : ?1st. W. Woodmuon ; 2nd, T. I'ockett. Cucnmbers, braco : lot, J. T. Ellison ; 2nd, W. Woodmaaon. Oarrota: let, J. Morcy.; 2nd, W. Woodmason. . Parsnips: 1st. W. wonumason ; 2nd, J. Morcy. Bed boot: 1st, w. Wnodmason : 2nd, J. Morey. Let tuces : 1st, W. Wnodmason ; 2nd, T. PncUott. Vcr-. table marrow*; ; &t;, J. Moroy ; 2nd, \V. Woodnrasonr OPE.V TO AMATKUttB ASD OKSTLESli:-! OARDBSEllS. Pot Gaows Pusrs,— Single plant in bloom : lBt m\v-, John Csunoron, gardener to J. Ilnifoy Kew Throo ornamontBl foliage plants: 1st, J. Cameron' Blx fuohslaa in bloom : 1st, C. Jackson. Ono fuchsia ?light, in bloom : lit, 0. Jackson. Ono fuchalu, dark! in bloom: '1st, 0. JacTtson. SLt -ferns: 1st Jan. Taylor. Throo begonias, floworlnK: 1st, E. Sl.iOairns 'HbtuD coleus ; 1st, J. Cameron. Out Fuwrns.— Eighteen dlsUuot species or varie ties: 1st, T. n. Onint; 2nd, J. Camtron. Eightoon dahlias: 1st, 0. Jackson. Twolvo dahlias : 1st, 0 Juckson; Sna, J. Cameron. Bix dahlias: T. H. Grant. Twelve rinnlal: 1st, T. Pockott ; 2nd, T. H. Grant Vhlox Drummondll: 1st, T. li. Glint : 2nd, T Pockott. Tbo moat tastetully arranged epereuo- Ijt ? . iFnuiT.-GrnpcS, llelit: l»t prizo, Wm. Itoynolds, North Curlton. Apples, six varieties: 1st, H lioyoo, Apnlea, dossort: lBt, 'W. J. Omsk, East 'Bt.'Kllda. A|iples, cooking: ].t, W. J. 'Orask, East SH'y*1 Poara/BlYVBrictka: l5t, H. Boycc; 2nd, W. J. Crask. Peare, cookinij: jBt, Mrs. Ponnaforil Horthcoto. Peaches, ono dish : 1st, T. Pnokott. Orax oscv to Amatkuiihm&t; EMnovreo Ptionsstmu, OARDENIBa, AND WHO DO XOT OllOW TOIt SALH. ' Por OnoHTj I'UAsn.— Sinclo specimen ? 1st urlzn W. J. Stoddart, Mooneo Pou.ls.' 'S fuchsias in bloom : 1st, C. Juekson, Fuchsias, whilo : lst.0. Jack. *-n. TFuch«ia, dark : 2nd, C. JaoUon. Bix JcrnB : 1st, W. J. Stoddan. Threo coloun: 1st, T. StodUart Prahran; 2nd, W. I'arrant, Lonaualo-strect, Mel' bourne. _ Cut FDOWdtS—Twelvo distinct varieties :l8t pHte, T. Stoddart': 9nd A Ingram, Wllll.nistown Twolve'dahllA: 1st, 0. J»ok»on. Blx dnhlhs : Itt, C. Jaolmon j 2nd, bin. A. Paul, Hawthorn. Threo dahlias: let, C. Jackson : 2nd, Mrs, A. Paul. :Pont btemons, elx v»rlot!i-a: lot, Mrs. A. Paul. Bbc ver benas: 1st, IE. M. (lutfncs j !nd, o. JmIkoh. Blx ilnnlM ! -ML. A. Inirrum. Bouquet. .tandTlit; W,i ?v/nihma. (The most elegantly arranged ciiorgno: tit, .Riwii.— Apples, cooling! let phe, p, JaokjoD, l»earB,flix vurkiUce: not, 0. Jaohson. ,P«kr», clo«3ort:i 1st, C. JnuktoD. Ponrn, oimkiiv : 1st, Miss Poinsford. : Grupea, -two buni;huj,'lii(ht : 1st, 'A. lntrr.im ?; SuU, W. Uoynoldfl. . .' 'HrBc.iAbiI-nct'«i._»!r.'F. Hmoaton, fruiterer, 'Collins- stieiit, bc«l uolleiltlon of thirty dishes tif fruit, oiion to I all comere: let ^irteo, H. U. Cole. Messrs. Adnmsoni nnd Co., CollinsHllruol, boat twolvo -il.ihliai, tlLstlnct' varioticj : Jat, -;. Jitcksuii. Air. P. Stodilar(, Pruhran, ,' best -clKlitcuii distlnot, viU'ietica of out 'flowci-a: 1st in-izo, ?A.JnirrAn\\.;.2utl, 'Mm. A. PuUl. Sutaui'lrltlon ' prlzo, ho/t twclvo distinct viirietlcs :of vorbenns : lit, ' B. Cairns ; 2nd, O. .InckBOii. ErniAS.— Mr. Nolsnn, curator 'of 'the Hnrllenlturat ? Smutty'd Gardens, uvhlbitcil twclvo varieties of tonia tous, in pots, whiuli. tho JuilirescnnsWuixd worthy of «; first-class oortlllcaio. The curator of tho Mslbourno^ Il'itanlc :G.irdcna exhibited n. lurao andchoiLo'collco tlim of ornamental folintfc plaliw. Sir. Neil -DrBJiin oxhibiicil a very bo.uulful Wardiun ease, in'cnrli, con aulorod vrorthy of a Ili-ut'class cchiflcalc. .Mo«3rs. . Titj'lor ami Sanjjslcr uxhiuitoil about sixty chulco, Ilinvoiing nnd foli.ii-e.plaiits. Mr. Holt sunt wimo lino , treo forns. R. Lano, (ieulimg, obowcd.a'splendld col-i lection «f poia{o-.:s, worthy of Iho liliihnt ccun-: ?neiiilatloii. Mr. E. Wood, fardenur to -Jlr.-Rlloiy, showed somo flno ualblfv. Mr. Woodmason ahowcU. threo cnulillowors, wortliy ol a first .pri/.u. i Scott and Sons oxhibitcd nojicci.il colleutiou ut Inimur tellcs, bridal and 'ball bouqnutii.ipcrs, lilshly -com- . mciiilcd. Ituiltun nnd Co. rfhow.:d cr plant 'and' .Sturt'H Dcscn-Pm: vory hitfilycoinnicndeil. Tny'lor' and .sangstor oxiiiblted cut flowers ^ vory liiiihiy-coin-1 mondod. Mr. Pockott exhibited olxhtccn vtirlmicH ofi Zinnias: commended. Mr. Trail, lUrfehtow, exhibited' C'(Xl specimens of ttio oxc fruit ; highly coinmonilcd. . J. Cninenin's Blmllar exhibit was coinnwiuK'a. Au ex- '. hibit of eockfconibs, alioun by Goo. IlUL'hca, wero oommenUe-l.'Ornamcntal slass ana nlilua flowcrBtnndn, shown by T. Wobb and Horn, wero highly commundcll. Chmubors and Soymour 'exhibited n collection !0f ll.iwor seeds In tln-cosm 'from Siitum, Knjjlaud. Mr. , W. eiaiulcman, Melbourne, oxlilbitol a snull collec tion of orchids from Madagascar, also th: laco iilant ; eommondoJ. Mr. II. Brcilln, Slnipson'sroad.'.iidl booniD, osbibltojlVcrns in nwllo cork work anil uns pondeil lA'skcts ; vory IricWy cominoniled. J.'O.'Oolo cwhibltcda-splondld collection of frnlt. A now sccdlins verbena wan ,Bhmai:by u.-1'arhor, I'roitun. Wandlii K-otisf nnd Ulstriot lliirtloulliiral Society showoll.sixl.y thi-co varieties of apples anil twenty varieties of -pears. John Davidson oxhibitoa fifty.four varieties of apples, tTiirty pcare. In pursuanco oT tho suggestions made V/y Itr. Itdginald F. Mtirrny, tlio MHiistor lhas ordorcd the inmraf aoture ot several large -water augers for the purposo of 'boring for arttoitm wells in tlio Wimmera district. Mr. Thomas Little hoMia largo and nest suc cessful salo at tho farm of Mr. C. S. Holoy, situated roidwiiyoctween fonceliold'and Bonmoy, on Mar; 27. Yearling fonisbyDroaduonghtsdld na high as £21 lOa., and farm horses upto^dO. Uorno'J cattle and implements also roali3cd Bood prices. Along the Tomimlxyrry-Tond ploughing, liarrowing and scarifying is in full 'swing, not witlistauding tha hardness and dryncss dt tlio soil. Many of the farmers have got their seed in, nntici aling an early downpour of rain. 'l'ho l'arks and Gardous Board intend to push on rapidly witli tho lormation of the northern portion of tho Carlton Gardens at tho rear of the Exhibition. Having approved of the plan suggested Tjy Mr. Hodgkinson for plotting out the ground, tho board visited the reserve on Tuesday and gavo final directions for carrying out tho work. Mr. Biclcford has forty-six hands under Ilia control, and every one of these men who can bo spared from tho ; other reserves will bo put to work in the northern part of tho gardens. 