SPQilTIECG TOPICS. Br "Tort Csu." I Owing to the great importance of the coming orents at Hnwkdbury and Handwick-and the widespread interest which obtains relative to the well filled Woi«ht-for-age races, as well u to the big Handicap— the SroBTSMA proprietary have not hesitated to undertake the expense of ray personal presence at oonn meetings. «mn» -y enabled to iorm such positive opinions on the spot as it is to be hoped may prove beneficial to the many leaders of our journal, and to furnish such reports of the actual rnnning as may be relied upon for " word pictures."— Ed. S. The Victorian Trotting Clob hold their inaugural meeting on their first completed reserve, at Elate ru wick, next Saturday after noon, and there is every reason to anticipate not onlv a large attendanoe of those who admire this class of equine sport, bat also of those many curiosity-mongers amongst the general public who are naturally desirous to witness the novelty. Final payments were made yesterday, and the correoted list of horses engaged in the several events to be deoided will be found in the part of our paper appropriated to sueh useful information. Having given special prominence to an nrtiele on " The new Trotting Clnb and their new Traok," it only needs to mention in this fcopio that the course is quite oonvement to the JElaterowiok station, on the Brighton railway, and therefore essy as well as cheap to reaoh. Aa will be seen from another flolntmr the acoeptanoes are not large, but the competitors are all good goers, and as there ere a number of heats a capital after noon's sport is oertaiu. The good quality will more than compensate for any lack of quantity. Thb Amateur Turf Club'e meeting at Caul- field, last Saturday, to not well attended, and care will have to be taken that these meets do not degenerate into third -riass one,. Hnrp of Erin won the Selling Stakes, and was then knocked down to Mr. John Wilson, of Mammoth Circus fame, for £130. G-lenorran pulled off the Hurdle Bece, the favourite, Monitor, running him to ahead; but Young Alfred's defeat was more disastrous, for he broke his neck. Syndicate defeated Scipio handsomely in the Separation Stakes, and Mr. John Wilson again became® bujer, giving £145 for the colt. Sir Jweph i number went up for the South Yaita Handi- cap, after a tight finish with Bar une, Hya cinth being third. Actress at last succeeded in winning the Steeplechase, the big weight on Twilight tolling at the end of the journer. In conclusion, the outsider John Feel easily gained the Eicbmond Handicap, the much- fancied Ghost being second. Tine Hawkesbury Baoee oommenee to- enorrotc, and the iargeneea of the fields engaged is a very notioeable and gratify uig circumstance at so late a period of the eeason. Having referred thereto, however, in a short, voeeiping dissertation, under our leader heading, I have only to draw attention in this place to the faot of, the weights for Thursday's items being published to«dsy, and to mention that the prinoipal event, the Antnipp TT»i»Ain»pt isuotrun nntii Saturday. Those who have their wits about them on the first day, therefore, may be able to get a line ; at enyrate, as an illiterate church warden onoe remarked, " them's my senti ments." I hope, moreover, by my personal presence attentive observation to acquire each an insight to the aeon suooeeding Band wick Gold Oup as to give the firosoKAM readers a really reliable Tip next Wednesday. Thb A. J.G Handicaps are very properly arranged not to make their appearance until after Hawkesbury is over, so that both handioappers and homeowners may have fair play in the apportionment of weights. They will appear in the Spobtsmas of this day week, and theu our readers oan "xa&rk; and inwardly digest" The Bandwiok Gold Gup allowances, unfortunately (and un wisely), were made before the late Australian Cup was run, and the ooasequ-mce of this error must have since caused the pains taking Mr. Bcarr many an uohappy hoar— Bweetwilliam, to wit. Of course it's never " all over/' till "the shouting," but, nat.be- leu, the interest is now greatly detracted from the generally most sensational item of the four days' programme. I have already referred last week to the rare attraction of the weightfor-age races, however, and will in future oommenta on the spot. From "Dan to Beersheba," to quote Holy Writ, thereienothingbutraoingnow-a-daye. In the above paragrnghs I have made refer ence to immediate dooming events in H.8. ' Wales and Victoria, and it now behoves me to mention that an important turf tryst also commences to-day io South Australia — viz., the Great Northern Meeting, at Laura, the oentre of a large agricultural district. Valu able stakes are being run for, and the pro gramme is remarkably diversified, the oouse- qaence being that a considerable number of the best performers in the sister colony will take part. A list of the acceptors is published to-day in order that our readers may con them over with a view to the weights for the two rich Adelaide Cups which will be de- dared early next month. Sale races went off well, although the fields at the post were rather small, for the weather was most delightful and tho right sort of folk " assisted" to make the affair a success. Mr. Wm. Pearson was in groat form "on his native heath," as he scored four out of the five events on the first day, and two on the second ; but no wins could huvc given greater general satisfaction (except to the bookmakers), as this geotlemsn is liberal in breeding, liberal in buying, liberal in nomi nating, and liberal in backing. A few horses of some noto sported silk, Hyacinth gaining the Sale Handicap, Frying Pan the Junior Stakes (second places in both being filled by tho same colours), Spile the Gippsland Derby, Black Prince the Hurdle Bace, and Lucy the Steeplechaso. In the majority of instances the favourites won ; but there were two noticeable exceptions to this result in the " boil over" of Narrabri for the Handicap, and Bird of Prey for tho Selling Stakes. The latter surprise caused a good deal of comment and unpleasantness ; and Mr. Sam Gardiner felt so indignant that ho claimed the loser, and paid a good price for him under the hammer. Mr. Bice, the owner, appealed to the stewards concerningcertoin outspoken remarks on his horse's romarkable running, but the " powers that be" declined to interfere on his behalf. The finish in the Ladies' Purse, between those excellent gentlemen jocks, Messrs. J. O. Inglis and Lett, was a flue ?iece of horsemanship ; and the victory of lr. W. E. Power's black gelding in the Hurdle was received with acclamation. The Wagga Autumn Meeting "was the rererse of the Sale gathering which took place on tho same days, very littlo interest having been evinced in the affair, and the attend ance being quite meagre. There is no doubt the long continued drought materially occasioned this disappointment, and the Murruubidgee Turf Club should, therefore, not feel " too too" discouragod. Mr. C. M. Lloyd — like Mr, William Pearson just referred to— secured the principal races of bis own district, and the wins were equally popular. A report , condensed from the local journal (for wo cannot be in half-a-dozen wide distant places at once) is dulv published to-day, and it will be seen thereby that the Yanirua Squire's colours were to the fore with Marchioness in the Autumn Handicap, and with Nightmare in both Flying Handicap and Publicans' Puree. Bacchus Marsh annual races come off to-morrow, and acceptances for the handi caps, as well as entries for the minor events, are due to-day. There are few more prettily situated townships than this, and many a good struggle has been fought out on its course ; nor is there any fear but what visi tors thereto will bo well recompensed by witnessing some genuine contests, even if they fail to clear " exes " by spotting tho winners. Williamstows acceptances must be do- dared next Monday, 3rd April, and nomina tors are therefore warned to be punctual if thev wish to take part in the capital pro gramme at " the fishing village " on the groat Easter holiday. MuficniBOY entries are due to-day for their meoting next Monday week; Echuea nominations require attention to-morrow for the annual races to be held on 20th and 21st April ; Deniliquin then has to be looked after next Monday, 3rd of April ; and Coleraine must be remembered next Tuesday, 4th April— the above being the days and'datee for dosing in the handi caps. Atoca nominations are to bo made on Thursday, 6th April, instead of Friday, 7th, the latter date having been hurriedly named without reoollecting that it was the solemn Gtood Friday. Nevertheless, knowing what I do of the indefatigable gentleman who acts as Secretary for the Avoea Club, as well as for the Ballarat and the Maryborough Clubs, it would not have surprised me at all had he purposely chosen the date of Holy Friday on the principle of " tho better the day toe bettor the deed." May be, also, il might have occurred to his ever-ready mind that a Fast day ought to be specially suitable for entering racers. Ahem t Windham nominations for the racing on 22nd April have to be looked after next Mon day, and entries will be received up to 4 o'clock at Boweo' Australian Hotel, and after that at toe Bacecoorse Hotel, Wyndham, up to half-past 8. Tfi following gentlemen hare been elected trustees for the Green Wattle Baeecourse on which the Sale Turf Club hold their meetings, viz.— Wm. Fearson, W. E. Fower, W. J. Carroll, W. H. Thompson, aod B. Tapping. 1 I am glad to learn that the club have sur- 1 mounted all temporary difficulties, and are 1 now some £150 to the good. ' SOtfR Australian nags are about to try tlmir canine fortunes in the island of Mauri- tius, the lot— if I am correctly informed- being Trout, Greyhound, Valentine, and Blue Bibbon. Maurice Griffin's brothbr is to take charge of them ; and they are the horses referred to, in an advertisement which ap peared in the Sportsman, as requiring the services of a trainer and three light lads. I hope they will "earn their oate " in their new home. Job Mobhibok has, I am very sorry to Bay got his formerly injured leg again hurt at Sale, the mishap having been caused by Speculator knocking him down in the pad dock whilst " playing up " from being over- fresh. Although the consequences were not serious, they were painful. 8a Ouybb— the two-year-old bred by the late lamented Sir Joshua P. Bell, of whom so much was expected last eeason from Me pedi gree. sppearanoe, end excellent style of going —has iwt been eold b r Mr. T. 8. Olibborn to Osborne for the longiah figure of 600 sr urn- as. Captain Osborne, it will be room- footed, ia the owner of Wfceatoer, heed at the iomeetud. Bbbobwobtq is iu the field again for an afternoon's racing ; and is is quite a treat to be enabled to notice the fact, for not so very long ago the meetings at this distant — but best of laid-out mining townships— were amongst the regular events of the turf season, and the best hones in Victoria have competed there. The announced meeting, however, is only an Amateur Club programme for Easter Mon day ; but it shows that there is " life in the old stock " yet, and I trust the present at tempt may be a forerunner of the future. Mb. Mayo, late owner of Hesperian and other horees of note on the turf, han been unsuocessfol in his attempt to get his dis qualification by the Australian Jockey Clnb (and endorsed by all other leading Clubs) quashed in a Court of Law. A so-oalled " Injunction Motion" o&me; before Sir William Hauniog, the primary jndire, last week, and His Honour ruled that " The only point in favour of the plaintiff was toe fact that the land forming the raceooorse had been dedioated to public purposes. _Jbjgss dear that the Court of Equity oould only deal with private property, and this case could only, in a very remote sense, be said to come under that category. Iu dismissing that suit, he oould only say that, even if Mr. Mayo bad a strong right he would be very indisposed to create a new jurisdiction in the Court." The Lenorc affair, at the late Brighton Park Meeting, has resulted in the Stewards fining Mr. Hardiman £20 for not satisfac torily explaining why ho did not bring the mare to the post in the Selling Bace. A corpLK of stallions, well fitted for travelling a " country circuit," are announced for privote sale in this day's Sportsman ; and tbey deserTe the attention of buyers as they are to be disposed at very reasonable E rices for the sole reason thnt their owner as no use for them in the district where he resides. The one is tho pure bred imported Arab entire " Chieftain, who has proved him self able to get excellent stock ; and the other a colonial sire, of good blood aud shape, oalled "Tranquil." The Utter is by Poet (by imported fimardo,) out of Cricket, bj Jersey. Both aro perfectly quiet, and for further particulars sec advertisement. The sporting contributor to our Adelaide contemporary, the Observer, announcos that the youngsters which. Sir Thomas Elder bod gone to the expense of sending home to bo trained — so as to introduce his colours on the English turf — are about to he returned to South Australia ; so it may bo supposed they did not "come up to time" on trial. It mast bo borne in mind, though, tlmt these were not colonial-bred stock, but sired in the old country to mares imported for the wealthy merchant's stud. It is still bis intention to emulate our American cousins by competing for an Eoglisb Derby ; and it is to be hoped, although baulked in'hii preliminary attempt, that the old prorerb will he prored prophetic, and "a bad beginning make a good ending." Mb. A. K. FxnlaY has thoughtfully de cided to give his new purchase — the worthy Wellington — a stable companion, and has therefore placed the speedy filly, Result, in Joe Morrison's charge, to accompany the " hero" to Sydney, and give bim some merry finishes in his Randwick gallops next week. I must be pardoned for perpetrating a very palpable pun in expressing a wish that the result may be eoooeeeful. The South Australian owners of racehorses are extremely indignant at the way our handicapper is said to "jump upon them." It is not my place to specify any past cases or M modern instances," but " Trurapator " — the ablo sporting scribe who conducts the turf columns of the Adelaide Observer — picks out several alleged injustices and discrepancies. He also intimates that it has been seriously suggested to "Boycott" Mr. Barnard. This sounds rather rough on our handicapper. The sympathy and respect evinced for poor Faddy Carey, whose death at Hobart from a fall has more than once been referred to in these columns, seems to be also felt in New South Wales, for my old friend, Dr. Nash, late of Kilwore, but now in extensive practioe at Newcastle, has forwarded a subscription to the benefit of the relatives who depended on the lad for support ; and so has that most liberal and jovial of Leviathan metallicians, Mr. E. E. Jones. By- the-byo, the In Me- moriam lines from a contributor, which have twice been crowded out at the last moment, are published at last to-day. Ik the entries for Williams town Easter Monday Baoes, the names of Elfin Queen in the Telegraph Stakes, and Elsa May in the Galloway Stakes, were accidentally omitted in the list forwarded to no. However, they duly appear to-day. Thb Secretary of the Eohnca Club writee me that the committee have deoided to alter the distance of the Town Plate H&odioap; to one mile and a quarter, and an alteration to that effeot appears in the present advertise ment. Waltrb Laid, one of the leading sportsmen of New South Wales — though more devoted to the "long tails" than toe " bang tails "—being about to visit Europe, a parting dinner was given in his honour last week, at toe Exohange Hotel, Sydney, by several gentlemen of the highest position in the raoingand coursing oiroles of the sister oolony. That most respected of turfites, and moat popular of bona eomarades, Mr. Edward Lee, took the chair ; and my correspondent informs me that the wannest wishes were expressed by the assembled oompany for the speedy return of their honoured guest. The All- England Eleven baT© left Aus tralia, after some five months of tedious travel and well-contested matches through out the colonics. It would be very unsports manlike not to take notice in these topics of the faot of their departure, and also not to award them a due meed of praise for their manly — and I might say gentlemanly — conduct throughout the various phases of their stay at this side of the globe. What ever may have been said, or thought, of former cricketing visitors — whether pro fessional or non-profeeeional — Shaw's team will always be regarded with worthy remem brance for their good play in public and their good conduct in private. Many leading Melbournites saw them away by the Chimborato last week, and bade them adieu with sincere respect; whilst, as for the cricketers tnemeeives, tnqy noi> uui/ ciprocatod the feeling, but openly expressed their hearty regret at having to ear farewell to Mr. Harry Edwards, the kindly host of their head-quarters, the Old White Hart. The following playful — and I trust, in one respect, truthful — yarn has been sent me by a South Australian subscriber. It run s thus : ' a certain enthusiastic archdeacon — whose thoughts and words sometimes 'get a bit TmT«3 '—was preaching a couple of Sunders since on the subject of Temptation. In toe course of his sermon, whilst dwelling on the attractions and deceptions of fast life, of course the turf and its hangers on came in for a share of his fervent oratory, and quoth he— with a tremendous emphasis on the two italicised words — 'God knows there are, sometimes, honest touts I It ie moat probable he intended to eay 1 doubta ;' but whether this drily controversy in public about the rival racing clubs, or the constant talk about certain horses' chanoee in the coming 100C eovs. Cap had confused hia ideaa, it u von Pfrfjft) tne entire oungregation left with thi impression that professional tout© — as Colonel Dumas says in Claude Melnotto about wotnen — 'are not so bad after all.' " How ia this for high ? Lucy, toe clever Adelaide bred mare, who won a steeplechase in Gippsland, has been sold by M>. Phil Glenister for a good figure to Mr. Edward Weekes, the Indian ;buyer, who seems unable to see a jumper win a race without becoming its possessor. I notioe that he also bought Black Prince the other day after he carae in first for the Hurdle Baoe at Sale. Sale appears a word that has a magic effect on this eccentric purchaser ! It will be recollected that Great Western — the winner of the Maiden Steeplechase at the Grand National Meeting last winter — was knocked down to the bid of Mr. Thomas Chirnside for a long figure, at a recent sale of high-elaes animals held bj Messrs. Yuille and Co. The rew>n for disposing of him seems to have been a natural feeling of annoyance on the part of his owner at the public having taken up all the money about the horse for the Y.R.C. Autumn Steeplechase ; and when he wanted to get on some himself, the price was nearly even money. Since then, how ever, Mr. Robertson has regretted parting so hurriedly with his favourite ; and Mr. Chirnside — with the instinct of e true sports man — has, therefore, cancelled the purchase. Li the coming Grand National, therefore, Mr. Robertson will haro the satisfaction of seeing bis lost year's Maiden winner compete for the more important event. Lahpekt left for Sydney by train at the end of the week in charge of Mr. J. B. Crooks, and Pell Mell wenton Monday under Mr. W. Lang's special charge. By telegram I learn that a trotting match took plaro on Bandwick racecourse on Saturday for £100, the distance being three miles, between Mr. Eeleo's New Chum and Mr. E. Steven p Master George, a well- known pony in Victoria. New Clium was the favourite at 100 to 30. He led all the way and won easily. Time, 9min. 54sec. A sale of racehorses in training — including | Santa Clous and Robbie Burns — besides two well-bred yearlings and several carefully I selected brood mares, will be held at Kirk's f bazaar to- day, on account of Mr. Duncan M'Phereon, who ie retiring from the turf. Although Santa Claus lias not hitherto run in public up to private form, still lie bos indubitably ehown an immense dash of speed — and at Geclong he also proved that he oould struggle and stay — there is, therefore, every probability that a change of owners may bring a change of luck, as so frequently happens, and Santa Claus has engage ments at Hawkesbury next Saturday which there is ample time for him to be dent to I fulfil. In regard to Robbie Burns, this well | grown upstanding horse is by Fanio out of a Yattendon mare, thus uniting two of the best ! winning strains in Australia ; and as matured | Fanio stallions are at present somewhat scarce— though much needed to transmit their sire's sound constitution and sound legs — he should be well worth securing for a breeding stallion now that sueh a demand exists for the Indian market. Robbie Burns showed himself a rare weight-carrier, having ran prominently several times io Corinthian Raoee. All the lots are for absolute sale, as Mr. M'Phereon sail# for Europe to-morrow, which is the sole reason for their coming under the hammer of Messrs. Campbell and Oo. Had he remained in the oolony no money oould have tempted him to part with any of his horse ptock, such always having been this gentleman's decision with every animal he owned. It is a well-known faot, indeed, that before the last Melbourne Cup meeting he positively refused no less than 1503 guineas for Santa Clans. The Liverpool Grand National, which is always regained at home as the most impor tant cross-oountry event of the year — being also the most valuable and toe most speou- lated upon— was run on Friday afternoon, and a oable message tells ns that a horse oalled "Seaman" proved the victor. 1 believe, if my memory be not trencberouH, that he was one of toe rather numerous Irish division ; but this I can positively assert con cerning the horse, viz., that iu oue of the January numbers of our London namesake, was tipped straight-out at the finish of a J ohatty article on toe great Aintree contest. 1 I hope this may b« an omen of the Victorian I Sportsman's success in its prophecies anent I Hawkesbury and Bandwiok. I According to the betting, which was for- 1 warded from Sydney as having taken place I on Saturday, it seems tb&t; Batburst sup- I planted Sweet William in the position of I favourite for the Hawkeebury Handicap, 8 to I X being acoepted about him, though Mr. I de Mestre's pair ran him close at a point or I two longer. Sweet William, however, holds I his own for the Bandwiok Cup at 4 to 1, I whilst Royal Maid is occasionally taken at I just three times the price. There is a 1 general complaint, however, amongst the I New South Wales metallicians, of business I being " dull as ditchwater." On the same | evening, in Melbourne, a mild rush set in 1 for Larpent, and he soon reached 7 to 1 beet I offer. 1 The programme for a raoe meeting at Doncaster for the ldth April will be found in our advertising columns, and its perusal will well repay owners of horses round about Melbourne. 