THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, June 27, The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o clock. SOUTH-TERRACE RAILWAY SHEDS. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in anawor to Mr. Johnson, baid that the Government liad paid their portion of the cost of removing the Glenelg Railway Company's sheds from South terrace, and in accordance with the terms of the Act passed lost sossion they woe'd have to be removed within six months from the time of pay ment. NAHRACOORTE CENTRAL RAILWAY 8TATI0N. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in answer to Mr. Henning, said that no exact site had been yet adopted for a central railway station at Narracoorte, but that it would' be near the bridge. INHUMAN TREATMENT OF AN ABORIGINAL. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in answer to Mr. Ward, said that the Government hod received no report about tho reported cose of inhumanity to an aboriginal at Yatina. NAIRN E RAILWAY EXTENSION. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in answer to Mr. Regs, said that surveyors had been at work in tho neighbourhood of Na'rne, Kan mantoo, and Calliugton, and he believed that they had consultod tho local residents as to the host route to be adopted. THE MAIL SERVICE. Mr. TOMKINSON moved that the House adjourn till 1 o'clock next day, for the purpose of calling at tention to a very important matter in connection with the mail service. Last week the English mails were advertised to close by the Peshawur at 8 a.m. for newspapers, 9 am. for lettors, and 9.4S a-m. for letters bearing a late fee, and be submitted that these hours wero much too early to salt the con venience of colonists generally. (Hear, hear.) Eight o'clock gave no time for poople to post newspapers, and by 9 o'clock letters could not be written and posted. There was no sense or reason in the arrange ment. The Feshawur arrived at 6 a.m., and could not by any possibility leave her moorings before noon, yet at 10 o'clock he was unable to get a letter or newspaper into the bags at the Post-Office. At 11 o'clock he waited upon the Postmaster-General and enquired whether the mail steamer was still at Glenelg, and he said she was. He then asked why no extension of time was allowed as to the closing of the mails, and the Postmaster-General replied that he had received a telegram from the captain of the vessel stating that he would sail at 11 o'clock, and therefore the time for closing could not be post poned. As a matter of fact the ship did not sail till 1 o'clock. This was a question which affected not only the commercial community but every person who had a letter or paper to post, and he submitted that the greatest possible latitude should be allowed them. At present the mail service was conducted in a very inconvenient manner, and nearly every mailday the same cause for complaint which he had drawn attention to existed. (Hear, hear.) He was surprised that the Postmaster-General had not de tained the steamer till say 2o'clock for the convenience of the public. Every one was aware of the amount of work connected with the arrival of a large ship here, and it certainly could not be done in two or three hours, and he would ask the Government to make such arrangements in the future as would not necessitate the closing of tlie English mail at so early an hour as that to which he had referred. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSON seconded the motion, and said that there was general complaint around the city about the time of closing the English mails, no one being able to get a Bank draft or letter of credit on the day the vessel sailed under an arrangement such as that of last week. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HAWKER said he had a matter to bring forward in regard to the mails carried by the Orient Company. The Chief Secretary, in replying to a question the other day, said in effect unless the Orient steamers called at Adelaide coming out as well as going home he would reduce the price paid to the Company for the carriage of letters to Id. Now, it would be a great mistake to do so, and he would just call attention to a telegram which ap peared in the papers, stating that the mails dis patched by the Cotopaxi oil May 13, at 7 o'clock ill tlie evening, were delivered on the same day as those sent bv the P. A O. Company's boat, the Rohilla, which left at 12 o'clock on May 11, so that the Orient Company gave an advantage of nearly seven days to this colony. (Hear, hear.) We hau been striving for vears, and so had otlior countries, to get the quickest international communication possible, and the arrangement suggested by the Chief Secretary would not assist this in any way. It looked very much like retalia tion upon the roost uujustiti&ole; conduct of th Chairznan and Directors of the Orient Company ie i London. (Hear, hear.) They must have been ' shown that the reasons they gave for ceasing to I allow their boats to call at Adelaide on the inward voyage were utterly without foundation, but there I was no need to cut one s nose off to spite one's face ! and get rid of a roost admirable service to England. (Hear, hear.) by far the mowt letters carried by the I Orient ships were those sent from Australia, the | great advantage derived from their calling hera on the inward voyage being that they brought cargo I and carried third-class passenger*. In his own case I he sent away about twelve letters to every one he I received by the Orient line, and this was in conse quence of the quick passages they made home. (Hear, hear.) This question affected not only the ; whole mercantile community, hit all those who were in the habit of writing to their friends ; and from the fact that a ceitain gentleman was an nounced to he coming out for South Australia in the 1 Cur.co, he thought it was very possiblo that the Directors were reconsidering their position, under which circumstances lie would ask the Govern ! merit not to be liasty in reducing the postage fees paid to the Comoany, hut to wait and see what the result of the whoie affair would he. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. FURNER asked the Minister of Education to consider if some reduction could not be made in the late postage fee of sixpence, which seemed to him , rather an excessive cliarge for the concession. (Hear, hear.) The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons) said, in reply to the Hon. member for Gumeracha, that the time of the mail steamers' de parture did not depend upon the Post-Office autho rities, but upon the agents for the P. & O. Company (Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co.), who indicated it to the Postmaster-General, and then the mails were kept open till the last possible moment which would give time for the necessary work in connection with the dispatch of the bags. The hon. member was not strictly accurate when he said that the Post master-General received a telegram from the captain of the Peshawur stating that the vessel would sail at 11 o'clock. Mr. Todd received no direct communication from the captain, but from the agents. (Mr. Tomitinson—" He told me so himself.") The Postmaster - General would receive no statement direct from the captain, and on the very day in question the time of the ship's sailing was indicated to him by the agents as 11 o'clock. Consequently the Postmaster-General had no alterative but to close the mails in time to get the bags down to Glenelg, and it was not in the power of the department to detain the steamer beyond the time fixed by the agents. It was only because of the work connected with the cargo that the Peshawur was detained till 1 o'clock, and it might be just as well if he gave the House some explanation of what work had to be done in dis patching the mails. A separate bag had to be made up for Galle, Calcutta, Bombay, Hongkong, Suez. Italy, France, and England, for the letters could not be placed in the bags indiscriminately; and then there had to be in triplicate a full statement of all the bags, one of which was kept and the other two dispatched with the mails. The hour between 9 and 10 o'clock was not a long time in which to allow this work to be accomplished with the necessary accuracy, especially when it was con sidered that the bags were kept open until a quarter to 10 o'clock for late letters, and if the work were not done accurately there would soon be general complaint. The Postmaster-General said that it was impossible to do it in less than an hour after the general time of closing the post had passed, and to get the bags away to Glenelg. For the convenience of correspondence a late-letter bag was kept at Glenelg until the last moment, when the Post- Office officer went off to the steamer with the mails; and he was sure that the Postmaster-General personally, and all the Post-Office Authorities, were most anxious to give every facility to the public. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the point taken by Mr. Hawker, the answer given by the Government to Mr. Johnson vras that if the Orient Company ad hered to their present decision it was not the inten tion of the Government to continue the present rate of postage, and he lielieved that the House and the country were quite prepared to believe that this decision li&d; been arrived at out of no spirit of retaliation. (Hear, hear.) It had boon arrived at in the hope that a reconsideration of the matter would lead the Orient Company not to make any alteration in the existing arrangements. With regard to the amount of the late fee, he would look; into the matter, and if anything could be done to facilitate the' dispatch of late correspondence it would be done. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BBIOHT thought that after the Minister of Education's explanation no one could say the postal authorities were to blame; but was the same state of things to he allowed to continue mail after mail ? Closing the mail at S o'clock in the morning made at least a day's difference with people in the countiy, for a large number of the country mails arrived iu the city about 10 o'clock, and he thought that the difficulty might be got over to a great extent by some arrangement whereby the mail should close at 11 o'clock. Mr. SYMON thought that the Minister of Educa tion's explanation hardly touched the question raised by Mr. Tomkinson, who was told that the agents of the vessels had the entire control oi the times of their departure. This was most unsatis factory, though he was not blaming the Depart ment in any way. (Hear, hear.) If the hour of sailing were simply controlled by the ameunt of cargo to land or take on board, the whole of our commercial circumstances would be thrown out of gear, and the benefit accruing to the colony from the service would be nothing at all. An arrangement it easily he made to close the mail at a time which would be more convenient for country people; for it was perfectly useless to say iu their case that newspapers might be pasted by 8 o'clock when it would be just as well to say 10 o'clock the night before. Tho blame in the matter did not lie with the postal authorities, but with the arrange ment with Victoria ; and if South Australia were to be simply at the nod and beck of that colony and the P. & O. Company there would be no certainty at all about the time of the mail calling. The Government had claimed that in their action witli regard to the Orient Company they were not actuated by a feeling of retaliation: but at the same time the Minister of Education had stated that they had acted in the hope of banging about a reconsideration of tho question by the Com pany. What was that but retaliation ? an attempt by means of a certain indication to induce the Company to alter tho stand they had taken, which was ex ceedingly unlikely to heal any differences between the Government and the Company so long as it was held out. (lioar, hear.) Mr. D1X&ON; said that the remarks of the last speaker had caused him some amusement, inasmuch as he had been a member of a Government which had done nothing to remedy these grievances. Mr. SYMON—They did notexist then. (Laughter.) Mr. PLAYFOBli—We always had two strings to our bow. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr. DIXSON believed that at the timo Victoria entered into hor contract with tho P. & O. Company the Government were anxious to join in it; but lie thought the people of South Australia had reason to ho thankful that she was not a party to it, inas much as every year the people of Victoria had to pay a considerable sum of money as a deficit in the mail postages. Mr. liAUDY thought the explanation given by the Aliniatcr of Education on the main question was perfectly satisfactory. (Hear, hear.) lie re gretted the answer given the other day with reference to the Orient Company, because it sounded like retaliation, and he hoped that no retaliatory measures would bo adopted. (Hear, hear.) There were one or two points uuder discus sion upon which members soomed to be a little at sea. One question was the dictation of Victoria as to the tune at which the mail should close, and he would point out that Victoria had nothing whatever to do with it. lie believed the fact was that tho P. & O. Company closed their mails aud got away as soon as possible during the period of tho year that the adverse monsoons prevailed. When the favourable monsoons prevailed they were quite content to wait a little longer. If they were delayed for an extra hour or two bv cargo thoro was not always time to alter the time for closing the mails, and thus it was not practicable to keep the mails open to the very last minute. Mr. Syrnou had said tliat it would be just as well to close tuc rniil in the evening as to leave it open until early next morning, hut he would point out that persons in all i parts oi the city could post letters at any hour of j the night if tho mail was not closed until the morn ing, und this was a great advantage. He agreed with Air. bright that it would ho a good thing to have the mails open till 11 o'clock in the morning, , so as to catch the country mails, and he hoped some I good would result from the discussion. I Mr. HAINES expressed the opiniou that a ; mountain had been inado of a molehill, and said 1 that the inconveniences which liad been complained ! of wore nothing to be compared to tlio disadvantages under which the people in the country laboured, i He hoped the matter would be treated as a joke. I (Laughter.) Air. TOMKJNSON said the information given by the Alinistcrff Education was not such as he had expected, as he was iu hopes that he would promise that efforts would be made to secure an an an ce ment by which the tn&ils; should be always closed at a certain hour on mail-day. If this were done it would prove a great convenience to the public r;cne< rally. He would, however, withdraw tne motion. SOUTH-TERRACE RAILWAY SHEDS. Air, KINGSTON asked the Chief Secretary, in reference to the opinion he had just expressed that the Glcnelg Railway Company would have to re move their sheds within six months after the pay ment of the money, whether he had since looked at the Act, and if he was st'M of the satno opinion. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. 0. llray) snid he was gl.'.cl to be able to cay it was not his province to give his opinion on legal matters. (Laughter.) He would ado that in the matter of the Act referred 1 to the Government had had the advice of the Crown Solicitor that the money was to be paid when notice i was given to the Company, aud the money was paid I accordingly. " | POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS AT BLIXMAN. I Air. COOKE uske l the Minister of Education— " Whether he has received a memorial from resi dents ut blmrnan complaining of the present postal arrangements and suggesting improvements; and, if so, whether it is the intention of the Government to comply with their requost, or make such other and what arrangements as may ho necessary to meet the case V" The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon ,T. L. Parsons) replied " The memorial has been received and considered. In the new^ mail contracts com mencing April 1 next year it H intended t,o discon tinue the present Hawker and Hlimn&n; weekly mail, und have three mails a week botween Paid. chilna and Blhnnan instead of two. The mails will leave Purachilua on the arrival of the train from Port Augusta oil Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Satur days, and lilimnan on Mondays, W. tnesdays, and Fridays to cat-ch tram for Port Augusta. The PoNtinftuter-Geneml is endeavouring to arrange for i a post-office at Parachilna, and if possibl. the im'I j airangeuients will he altered belore termination of | existing contracts " CARRIAGE OK STONE FROM 1> Y CREEK TO SEMAPHORE. Air. MATTINSON asked—"If it is the intention of the Government to reduce the price for the car riage of stone from Dry Creek to the Semaphore ?" lie said ho might explain that tho people of Port I Adelaide could get stone carried from Dry Creek—a j distance of six |miles—for Is. n ton, while they had to pay an extra shilling a mile if it was taken on to the Semaphore. The'CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied " The Government intend to reduce the price for the carriage of stone from Dry Creek to the Semaphore so soon as additional accommodation can be provided." Ho added that there was no doubt the inequality mentioned did exist, and that the prices charged for the carriage of atone to tho ] Semaphore were far higher in proportion than thoso charged for conveying it from Dry Creek to the I Port. The reason was that the line to the Sema phore- was constructed for passenger purposes only, And no provision was made for theaccommoda tion of goods. The Government felt that it was | desirabio to encourage this traffic as far as tboy { could, and they would do so as soon as they could 1 obtain additional conveniences for the discharge of stone. At present the trucks had to stand iu the , middle of the street. "PORT PIBIE WHARFS AND THE WHARFS* COMMISSION. Air. BEAN asked—"Is it tho intention of the Government to adopt the recommendation of the Wharfs Commission with regard to Port Pirie V" The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied:—" It is not the intention of the Govern ment to adopt the recommendation referred to." I ~~ SCHOOLHOUSE AT STREAKY BAY. j Air. TKNNANT asked the Minister of Education —" Whether he has received any application from the residents at Streaky Bay for a suitable school- ( house; and, if so, whether it is the intention of ' the Government to comply therewith V Tho MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. h. Parsons) replied :—u Application was inaie last year, hut the population was not considered sufficient to justify the expenditure. Further application lias been received this year, and referred to the Inspector for report." :COST OF OPENING RAILWAY TO FARINA. Mr. FRASEB asked—" What is the total cost to the Government attending the recent opening of the Government Gums Railway to Farina 1 The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied" The total cost attending the recent opening of the Government Gums Railway to Farina is £2,15618s. 2d." (Oh, laughter, and Hear, hear). HIGH-LEVEL TANK AT MORGAN. Mr. DIXSON asked—" L What is the cause of delay in the erection of the high- level tank at Morgan? 2. When will the work be completedT The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied "1. The cast-iron supporting columns have only just come to hand, 2. In about six weeks from this date." ALTERATIONS IN TARIFF CLASSIFICATION. Mr. DIXSON asked—" What alterations have been made in the classification of goods in regard to duty during the last twelve months; and by what authority were these alterations made?" The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied :— " The alterations were made in compliance with the spirit and letter of the tariffs. A few of the de rations were made by direction of myself, the re mainder by the Collector, with the advice of the Landing Surveyor, backed by the oofnfon of experts whore there was the slightest doubt. The altera tions made were as follows -.—Autographic albums, imitation wool clothing, marble paper, plaid, demy pcuer, duty prior to alteration 10 per cent, ad valorem, duty now charged nil—altered by Customs. Carlsbad waters, Frederickshal and Janus waters, sbeepdip, duty prior to alteration 10 per cent ad valorem, duty now charged nil altered by CuBtoms. Brunswick black, duty prior to alteration 10 per cent, ad valorem, duty now charged (kl. ner gollcn—altered by Customs. Brief paper, custard powder, Fuller's earth, indiarubber tubing (druggists'), iron dampers and frames, oleo graphs on frames (combined), wooden wine-presses, yeast pa «Jor, duty prior to alteration nil, duty now charged lOper cent, ad valorem—altered by Customs. Essence of coffee, extract of coffee, duty prior to alteration 3d. perlb., duty now charged nil—altered by Customs. Essenco of orange, duty prior to altera tion 10 per cent, ad valorem, duty now charged 12s. proof gallon—altered by Customs. G elatine, isinglass, duty prior to alteration nil, duty now charged 10 per cent, ad valorem—altered by Customs. Metal tubing of lead, tin, or zinc, duty prior to alteration nil, duty now charged 2s. 6d. per curt.—altered by Customs. Window Bashes of iron, lead, or zinc, duty prior to alteration nil. duty now charged 2s. 6a. per pair —altered by Customs." He added tliat oil tlirso alterations had been made on the authority of the Customs officers, BUbject to , the approval of the Treasurer. Some little discre- 1 tion was always allowed to the officers of tho Customs in interpreting the tariff as occasion might arise. RAILWAY PLATFORM AT MORGAN. Mr. DIXSON asked—141. Why has the wooden railway platform, at which Roods for the towns people were delivered, at Morgan been removed ? %L Is it the intention of the Government to orect a platform and shed along the runaway line on Bail way terrace at Morgan T The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied441. The wooden railway platform at Mor gan was removed to make room for the extension of the passcn^r-platfonn, and will he re-ercted at once. 2. It is not the intention of the Government to erect n platform and shed along runaway line on Railway-terrace, at Morgan. j DIAMOND-DRILL FROM EUCLA. Mr. BASEDOW asked—4 4 What is the intention I of the Government as to the future use of the i diamond-drill recently returned from EuclaV The CHIICK SECRETARY (Hon. J. O. Bray), in the absence of iho Commission Jilt of Cjiown Lands, j replied 41 The Government pronose to offer the diamond-drill for hire for mining purposes." lie | also said the diamond-dilll was now at Port Ade laide, but the Government had hesitated to make use of it because it was difficult to move about, and could only l>e used where there was plenty of water. It was found cheaper to buy a small diamond-drill, and seud it'to Waukaringo. The Government believed the drill at the Port was very useful for mining purposes, and two or three Com panies had applied to them for permission to use it, but the Government thought it necessary to publicly notify that it was available for privato use. DISTRICT COUNCILS BILL. Consideration of second report of Committee of whole House. Air. FUltNER asked whether it was the intention of the Government to recommit the Bill, so as to insert a clause embodying the suggestion of a great znsny District Councils in reference to making it compulsory to form District Councils in certain cases. Seveial of the District Councils had eigne 1 a memorial, which it was intended to send to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, suggesting that districts where bar the laud hail been alienated from the Crowu should be compelled to come under the operation of the District Councils Act. It was urged in many places where there were no District Councils the Government wore spending money on the roads, aud were re ceiving no return from the owners of property, and this Arrangement was not fair to those within District Councils. A copy of a memorial liad be *i sent to him, and he understood a copy liod also been forwarded to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, lie would not inuve for the recommittal of the Lill, as he did not wish to jeopardize it; but he thought, perhaps, the Government would consider the sug gestion. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C Bray) said the Cumiuissioner of Crown J*ands had n j douht received a copy of the memorial; bjt unfortu nately lie was unwell, lie had not seen a copy of the memorial, and even if he had ho wo ild point out that the Bill was brouslit in at the urgent request of the District CouucUs, who wanted cue particular point dealt with. (Hear, hear.) He believed tuere was a feeling throughout the House and the community that the mode in which it was proposed to deal with assessments was a fair anil proper one—(Hear, hear)—and there fore the desire of the Government was to get so much of the wish of the District Councils carried out oa was included in the Bill—(Hear, hear)— without any danger. The point mentioned was or great importance, but it would require to he care fully considered before it was introduced into a Bill by the Government. (Hear, hear.) Some attention would have to be given to tho matter of making pro perty outside of District Councils contribute in some way to the revenue; but the Government did not propose to deal with the matter at present. The report was adopted, and the third reading was fixed for Wednesday. I MARRIAGE HILL. Third mdfng. Mr. P1XSON roso to move that the Bill be recom mitted. The SPEAKER—The lion, member Is out of order. It is too late to move that the Bill be recommitted. The CNIK* SECRETARY (Hon. .T. C. Bray) .said the Speaker had not yet reported that lie hul received a certified copy of the BUI, and it was ruled the other day that as soon as the Clerk read the Order of the Bay any lion, member could move for the recommittal of the Bill. The SPEAKER—'The hon. member may proceed. Mr. DIXSON said he moved the recommittal of the Bill for the purpose of eliminating' all the clauses save ti c preamble, title, and twelfth clause. (Laughter.) The Attorney-General, in introducing the Bill* said the object of the Government was to secure the validation of certain marriages the validity of which hud been rendered uncertain by decisions given in the Supreme Court, and if he had brought in a Bill providing for the removal of any doubts in connection with this matter he would have had great pleasure in supporting the Bilf. In the present Bill, however, there were a large number of clauses with which the House was not in sympathy, and he was sure if there had been a full House when the Bill was iu Committee it would not have passed in its present form. He would draw attention to the fifth clause, in which they were attempting really to legalize religious services —in which they took cognizance ot religious services. As lie had pointed out previously, it nad been the recognised policy of this colony to divorce—if he might use the word— the State from the Church, and he believed it was umveisaily acknowledged that the recognition of religious services by the State had always been mis chievous, and while injurious to the State it had been far more fatal to the cause of religion. Those who were students of the Bible knew that there was the widest difference of opinion as to the teaching of the Bible on the question of marriage. He haa looked up tbe marriage laws in the Bible, and he found that the Hebrew laws as to marriage were wholly out of sympathy with the tone of legislation of to-day. There was a common impression that polygamy was condemned in the Bible, but he would show that It was sanctioned, and that if they turned to that Book which they revered they would find some usages sanctioned that the House would not for a moment approve of. He would refer hnn. members to the Second Book of Samuel, xii. 7 aud 3, which read, " And Nathan said unto David, Thou ait the man. Thus soith the Lord God of Israelii anoint thee King over Israel, and I delivered thea out of the hand of SauL And I gave thee thy master's house and thy master's wives into thy bosom." He found in 1L Chronicles, xxiv. 2 and 3, "And Joash did that which was right in the sight of the Lord all the days of Jehoiada, the priest. And Jehoiada took for him two wives, and be begat sons and daughters." He might go through the Old Testament from the Book of Genesis to the last of the Prophets, and might point out that poly gamy was practised by nearly all of those who were held in reverence; indeed, half the saints and the champions who by fa-'th did this or that had more than one wife. He would mention Bethuel, Jacob, Gideon, David The SPEAKER—I do not think this sort of dis cussion is quite Parliamentary. Will the hon. mem ber take his seat ? I must state that I think the line of argument he has taken up is not altogether Parliamentary. (The Hon. J. Colton—" Hear, hear.") Mr. DIXSON said he bowed to the Speaker'a ruling, and would condense his remarks so tar as to say he thought it was extremely undesirable that the Bill should be passed in its present form. In the tilth clause the Government sought to induce the House to take cognizance of religious marriages, and them seemed to have been so much diversity of practice in the Book he bad referred to, that he was quite sure the Bill would cause bickering and ill feeling. He also had an objection to the seventh and eighth clauses relating to marriage by certifi cate. It was provided that fourteen days' notice should bo given, and if the fourteen days' notice was a good thing it certainly Bhould not be dis pensed with; but under a later clause of the Bill persons couldvlispenBe with notice on payment of a sum of money. He had askod the Attorney-General - if he could give a good reason why this Bhould he allowed, and he could not give any: and he would ark if this was the sort of legislation for the House to pass? He also took exception to clauses fl and 10, which provided that ministers of religion might issue licences, for which they were entitled to charge £3. Ho could perfectly understand the consistency of the different religious bodies in issuing licences, because they regarded marriage as a religious cere mony which was vanctioned by the presence of - the minister; but although the Churchos might issue licences it was an entirely different thing when tire House came forward and attempted to arrogate functions which really belonged to the minister of religion. The Church of Home is-ucd its own licences by its own authority, and the Bishop of the Church of England appointed celebrants of inaniages. In doing so they did well, but it was a different thing when the House said the minister should issue licences, and when they issued those licences the fourteen days' notice should be dis pensed with. He l oped that the hon. members who hod apparently not gone with him in the extracts lie had read would not let his action ill that respect bias them, but would fight against the objectionable points he had mentioned being in cluded in this measure. hlr. KINGSTON was glad to have the opportu nity of expressing his views with regard to too Bill* as it was a measure in which he took the most lively interest, having hod a somewhat intimate connection with the circumstances which led to its introduction. The Bill was brought forward for the purpose of doing away with certain doubts that existed regarding the validity of marriages where there had been the omission of certain words pre scribed in the Marriage Act, and if the Attorney General had confined the lne&mre; to meeting that point it would have been inucb better than to bring forward such additional provisions as were con tained in the Bill. The fifth clause, which in point of fact conferred legislative sanction upon forms and ceremonies adopted by the religions bodies, was un necessarily altering laws that had been passed after years of consideration. In the early days of the colony Acts were can led to legalize first marr: '.gea solewnizea by the Church of England, then those of the Scotch Church, and afterwards those of the Rowan Catholic Church, the Quakers, and the Jews; but it was eventually felt that it was un desirable to have measures passed recognising inaniage as carried out by various religious bodies, so in 1807 the Marriage Act was passed That Act did away as far as possible with state recogni tion of the ceremony of marriage as performed by religious bodies, and provided a State form of marriage, which people of alt denominations could avail themselves of. Ue would like to know why they should dispense with that simple form, and in the most undesirable manner do away with the principle that had been established in 1807 and re turn to the old condition of affairs. He sympathized with thehon. member for Light in his remarks as to the impropriety of maintaining this distinction > between marriage by licence and by certificate. He was altogether opposed to the Scato charging £3 for the solemnization of marriage, lie held that a man could not do anything bit.er than marry, and the State ought to encourage li'm in that rather than place obstacles in hi ; way. The charge really was an indirect tax upon population. (Laughter.) Then, seeing Uio impropriety of the b'tate making a charge of £3, why should the man who wished to be married, but who hod not that amount, be kept waitiug for fourteen days before he could have the ceremony celebrated? He thought they would be setting a good example to the other | colonies if they were to take away the senseless , restrictions upon people who desired to unite in the bonds of wedlock, lie confessed, however, he did not go with the lion, member for Light, whosoemed to have some doubt as to the propriety of polygamy. He thought that the views of hon. members on tfi&t; point were alike, and that they believed that one v> lie was sufficient for any man. (J«aughter.) The motion for the recommittal of the Bill was declur- 1 negatived. Mr. D1X>»0N called for a division:— Ayks, 5—Messrs. \V, H. Beau, J. U. Howe, C. C. Kingston, J. H. Symon, and K. Dixsnn (tellor). Nors, 25—The Chief Secretary, Messrs. J. Bos worth, F. E. llueknall, Hon. J. Carr, Messrs. J. 11. Bagster, J. Cotes, Hon. J. Culton, Messrs. 11\. E. Downer, W. Gilbert, W. Haines, A. Hardy, G. C. Hawker, R. W. E. Helming, It. Rees, A. U. Lnndseer, \V. B. Mortlock, H. V. Moyle, .S. Newland, the Minister of Education, Messrs. T. lMavford, >V. B. Rouiisevcll, K. T. .Smith, J. L. •Stirling, A. Temiant, S. Touikinsou, E. Ward, and the Attorney-General (teller). Majority of 20 for the Noes. On the motion thai the Dill be read a third timo, Mr. D1XSOX said ho wjshod to state that lie was opposed to the motion. He had been misunder stood, and he felt it was his own fault, with regard to the quotations ho had lead from Holy Writ, lie had intended to uso them for the purpose of showing that, although this was a Christian province, »till the Uiuse liad to consider the question of Jewish marriages, and lie desired to draw attention to the fact that that Church was guided by the Old Testament, iu which polygamy was distinctly allowed. He did not think it wis of any use for him to call for a division against the measure, so he would content him*eli with simply stating his oppoiition to it. The Bill wastben read a third time and passed. PAPER. Tlie MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons) laid on the table Professor Tatc'a re port on the mineralogical and other features of the Northern Territory, with two maps. 1 he report to be printed, and the maps to be litho graphed. CROWN LANDS BILL. Second reading. Adjourned debate. Mr. HOWK stated that, by permission of Mr. Ward and of lion, liiemhcia, he wished to continue the debate—(Hear, hear)—and be had a particular reason in doing so, because domestic matters would cause his absence from the House before Thursday next. Hon. members would bear in mind that he represented an almost purely agricultural district, and they would bear with him if they thought ho did not put the question before them ir. an unbiassed manner. He wished to assure them, however, that lie had no deaire to be bieasod—(Hear)—and talcing into consideration the class he represented he hoped they would at all events give him credit for earnestness and candour—(Hear, hear)—and for an attempt to throw aside any- personal feeling he might have upon the matter. He knew that several non. members liad imputed the word "extreme" with regard to ths views held by him on this question of the land laws, lint he hoped to convince tnem before ho sat down that such was not the case. (Hear, hoar.) He recog nised the fact that the agricultural interest in every colony liko this was its chief pillar. There was iionmnwho would domore to fnrtnerotherindnstriea ill our land than he. Those industries were all pillars, hut he could not lose sight of the fact that undoubtedly the largest pillar was in the centre of this province, and that it was the agricultural in teiest. He wnnld have occasion to refer to the speech? delivered by the Commissioner of (Crown lands, to the manly and straightforward utterances of Mr. Playford, and ho would also have something to say about the dismal oration of the bon. member for Albert, Mr. Henning. (Lauehter). He would alto take a passing glance at the present land laws, and he would compare them with laws of a similar nature now existing in the sister colonies. Ho would also, as Mr. Playford bad done, throw out a skeleton scheme, but he hoped the bones of his skeleton wonld not be so far apart as those of Mr. Flayford's. Some of the remarks of tho Commis sioner of Crown Lands hod grieved him very much. He did know that the hon. gentlemen, or at least he had had reason to know, once believed in toe agricultural Interest of the country. lie thought he believed in it now, although his opinions had been very much modified since be joined the Ministry. He never deplored anything more than whan he saw a -man like the Commissioner come down to the House and congratulate hon. members upon the buoyancy and success of the land revenue. If he had only looked below the surface for one moment be would have tern that really tho fact disclosed a most deplorable state of affairs. He went on to twit the hon. member Mr. Playford by saying—" Ah! they told us we should have a short estimate, but here is another bod season, and the soles are more buoyant than ever. The receipts have exceeded the estimate by over £112,000." That land, however, had gone for ever from the Crown, and from the hands of those whom the House wished to have it. Yet he came to that Chamber and asked the members to sing " Halleluiah!" to his deplorable song. (Laughter.) Our land laws haa been based upon the principle that they wished to settle upon (he soil an independent yeo manry. Experience, however, had proved the unsuitability of those laws, and had shown that on the slightest strain the industry had fallen to the ground, that it was a mere Bham, and that the land which they bad tried to distribute amoug tbe people was fulling into the hands of a few capitalists. If tbe country was to be congratulated upon a fact of that kind, lie certainly regretted it. History had proved to them that when the land of a territory got into the hands of the patricians or of , the capitalists there had always been an equal amount of distress to Buch acquirement. J<o country could aspire to greatness whore the land was unevenly distributed among the population. If cur land laws had conduced to such a hod state of efiairs the sooner they were altered the better it would be, and he thought it would be their duty during the present session to so act as to prevent a few capitalists gaining possession of them, and so rendering the yeomanry not inde pendent fanners but tenants. The had state of affairs resulted from the unsuitability of the land laws. A selector got into debt, and his storekeeper pressed him for payment. If a high price had not been paid for the land, but if it was worth from 30s. to £2 per acre, was well improved, and the term was unexpired, tlieu the storekeeper or party wbo backed him up induced the selector to take an advance of money to enable him to complete his purchase, taking a mort gage over tbe property in return. He knew that money was lent to the selectors in that way, the result neing that the land gradual;y found its way into the hands of the capitalist. Tbe Com missioner hail stated that "these men had fought a hard battle and had found themselves losing ground, but rather than come to the tiovermnent tuey hail borrowed money from capitab'sts at a high late of interest and had paid the Government." That was very deplorable. If these men could not carry out their agreement capitalists found them money, the result being that the people were no longer freeholders, but were tenants who had a high rate of interest exacted from them. He now came to tbe speech of Mr. Playford, which he listened to and afterwards read with freat pleasure. That speech showed that the on. member was On the right track, and had a thorough Knowledge of the subject. iiut tbe hon. member woe rather egotistical when he told the Bouse that the scheme "he was about to unfold was entirely his own. (Laughter.) Now he (Mr. Howe) did not want to be thought a reformer. The page of history showed that reformers generally had to pay great penalties. Such was the case with Socrates and with Tiberius, the great land reformer, and with the crucilied and sinless One. He really, therefore, was in earnest when he said lie did not want to become a great land reformer, though he had no objection to helping the hon. member Mr. Playforu to becomo one. (laughter, and Hear, hear.) As for Mr. Henning, he felt that the hon. member was scarcely respon sible for the statements hemade in his doleful speech the other day, as he was suffering from his liver. (Langhter.) But there was beauty even in his dark and dismal picture. It was like a feembrandt, which needed to be viewed in a proper way and at a proper distance. Now, be believed lie would be able to show the beauty of Mr. llenning's picture, and that this was not such a bad country after all. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member prefaced his remarks by saying anything he said would have no weight with non. members. Now, in tl'i he was wrong, for he was most patiently listened to for two hours, and a more dismal speech he (Mr. Howe) had never listened to, and yet he listened toit most attentively. (Laughter.) He was afraid people beyond the colony would take more notice of the speech than they ought to do, and therefore he would not allow some of the statements in it to go unchallenged. Mr. Henning had said that every body knew the prices agreed to be paid for the land were too high and would never oe paid, and yet be himbelf said he voted for railways end other expensive public works in these very districts. Where then was his consistency ? If the land were likely to be forfeited and depopulated, where was the justification for the public works expenditure'! But the fact was these railways in the North had paid not only interest end working expenses but 3 or i per cent, of clear profit, and this, too, during two had seasons. He supposed the hon. member voted far scboolbouses and police stations. But let him look at the prices these' township lands brought. Why they, in many instances, brought the cost of these buildings ten times over. Teere fore he did not think a dismal view should be taken of the situation, or that hon. members should come to the conclusion that the land would revert to the use of the sheep. Besides this, let hon. members look at the immense benefit that the settlement of the land hail been to the pastoral leasees. The railway to Farina would not have been made but for the agricultural settlement of these Northern Areas, and yet the railway alone had been worth to the squatters, on both shies of it, as much as they paid to the Governweut for their land. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member spoke as if the bad seasons would never change. He knew the country quite as well as the hon. member, and he never remembered seven or eight years of failure without the prospect of a change. There were three bad seasons in succession once, but then the change came, and in the next season the fanners recouped themselves for all their losses, and made a handsome nrofit besides. He knew this northern country quite as Well as tbo lion, member, and he would tell tho Bouse that it was not half as had as he made out. (Mr. Ward—"Hear, hear.") The hon. member had qnoted a letter from a Mr. Cutler. Now, he thought the author of that letter was worthy to be a correspondent of the hon. member. (Mr. Henning—"It was sent to the Register.") Ob 1 then it was simply a doleful extract which just suited the hon. member, and so he qnoted it. It showed the man's heart wes in his boots. (Laughter.) The writer said he cultivated a few acres the first year, about 50 acres the third, ahd the last season he did not have any. Why, many northern farmers would not call such a man a farmer at all, and yet the hon. member quoted him as an authority; and, besides this, he had only been farming three years, and those years were bad ones. He said that Mr. Goyder's ghost was hovering about the country, and that just suited the hon. member's doleful view, and so he used his letter. But even this man sold his selec tion, and got money for it. That showed that some one—probably his neighbours—had a better heart than ho. He recollected the time when the Alma Plains were deserted by the class to whom Mr. Henning and Mr. Cutler belonged. They left that part of the country, but the Anglo-Saxons — men with a heart and indomitable energy—remained, and what was the result ? Why, that it was one of the nicest farming districts in the colony, settled by a pros perous yeomanry. (Hear, hear.) He might add that that was not the first time that the Anglo-Saxons had been left, or that they had shown what could be done. The bou. member had said that he (Mr. Howe) had misrepresented facts in Introducing a deputation to the Commissioner. The deputa tion alluded to was one from Baroota and other places on the western side of the Flinders Bange. The ban. member said that "when he went through those beautiful saltbush plains and saw how they had been destroyed for the sake of trying to grow wheat, lie felt that a crime had been committed against tbe rising generation in the colouy. Grass might come again where the plough had been, but saltbush never.'* Now, he knew the conntry in Baroota quite as well as the hon. member, and he scarcely knew a more scrubby hundred in the colony. (Mr. Hen ning—"I referred tn Woolundunga. ) The hon. member referred to Mr. Orchard, and said he might as well have thrown his money in the Gulf as in looting up the saltbush &ud; trying to grow wheat the) e Now, Mr. Orchard's laud was not t-au bi-sh land at all. There was a good (foil of tluebush there, and some of the land cost Mr. Orchard £3 10s. or £4 to dear, besides £6 an acre which he paid for it. None of it cost hhn less than 10s. an acre to clear, and in. the aggregate he had spent nearly £3,000 on his estate. But the soil was fertile; indeed some people said it was too fertile and would be better after a while. The bon. mem ber had talked of driving through beautiful salt bush plains, instead of which there was a large extent of country bordering on the east coast of dense mallee scrub, and some of it was taken up at £2 and £3 an acre by farmers who had since expended sums ranging from £500 to £1,000 on their farms in clearing them. If the hon. member knew anything about this rank scrub he would know that no vegetation would grow there while the timber remained, and that consequently clearing the land must havo improved and not injured the stock- bearing qualities of the land. If that country fell into the hands of the Government to-morrow he know of one gentleman who would give them £2,000 to have that 45,030 square miles in that hundred on tlio western slopes of the Flinders Range. And yet the hon. member for Albert said that if 500 miles were offered him free, fencedandwith water onit, he wouldnctaccepfc it and keep stock on it. That was very patriotic of the hon. member. (Laughter.) It really showed that he either did not want to deprive the country • of it when it was worth much snore, or else that be was a fit subject for another institution. (Laughter.) lie did not wish to impute motives to the hon. member, but the longer he spoke the less he appeared to know of this subject. The hon. member quoted a long extract from his favourite author—a letter-writer in the ilegtiter —and he would now quote another extract from the same writer to show his view of the case, and it was so important that he woutd ask hon. members to give it their serious attention. The writer said :—4i were any proof needed of the bona fides of the selectors, a glance at their farms and homesteads would certaiuly afford it. It is not a country where the plough can be put into tbe ground atonce, and tbe good immediately taken out of the land; on the contrary, it has all been solid hard work from the beginning. Moreover, in Telowie and Baroota there is scarcely a selection which is not ring-fenced, and most of them are subdivided into two or three working paddocks. Most of the homesteads are fairly comfortable and well pro vided with the necessary yards, sheds, &c.; As is always the case in a new place, a large number of the houses are built of galvanized iron, some of xnallec and pug, some weather- : board, together with a few good stone farmhouses. All those who put ouytliingot an acreage undercrop, which is about 90 per cent, of the fanners, have also all the usual working plant and the necessary horsepower to work it. Many also keep a team of bullocks, which are found very useful for grubbing and rough carting. Almost every farm has its own well of excellent water—an inestimable boon in the dry North—some of those in Telowie being sunk to a depth of 140 feet. There are also springs in several of the creeks which run permanently at the foot of the range, and arc of great service to the fanucts living near them. Otherwise the creeks are merely watercourses, except during the few days in the winter when the floods come down. 3 here is a lame Government darn on tho travelling-stock reserve in North Telowie, and a Government whim in North Baroota. Tne farmers have also sunk several dams on their selections, but alt are empty just now and have been so for two months post, owing to the present excessively dry summer. The amount of land cleared and brought under cultivation is also evidence of a sincere wish on the part of the farmers to make 8 permanent settlement. Telowie has nearly trebled the acreage under crop in 1878, having bad this year over 9,000 acres m wheat. Since 1879 fi&roota; has more than doubled the acreage in crop, having now over 14,000 acres brought under the plough, while Winninowie follows up with 4,000 acres in wheat. The last-named hundred was selected in the winter of iS79,and a fair amount of clearing and improvements has also been effected here, more than a fourth of the selected land h&ving;^been brought under cultivation in twoyears." Tbe hon. member had made a great deal of what bad been written by special reporters of the daily Press about surface-scratching. These extracts from tbe same authorities, however, would give the other side of that and another question. First, about Telowie and Baroota, he found the following in tbo Register:—'• The Hundred of Baroota was opened for selection in the beginning of 1878. The selectors there have passed through similar troubles aud suf fered from the same causes as have affected Telowie, only that in their case the difficulties have been enhanced by the stubborn nature of the country they have hod to deal with, while all tbe laud on the western side of the range is more or less covered v.Ith scrub, or, as it is called, is very 'rough i untry.' Baroota is var exceuciite the scrub i undred. From the north-western corner of Telowie to the M&mbray; Greek extends a dense forest of mallee, ten miles long by about three broad. It is this scrubbiness of tbe whole country between the range and the Unit winch has rendered the task of settlement no difficult and so much retarded the progress of the plough, so that even when a good season comes many selectors have not enough land under crop to duly profit by it. In the whole of the three hundreds there is scarcely an acre into which the fanner has been able to put his plough from the first; on the con trary, nearly every loot of ground has liad to be cleared of some species of native growth, either bluebush, large bushes, or else heavy trees, such as sandalwood, peppermint, and inallee. There lias naturally been no lack of flrewuod or fencing material in such country, and this, together with the excellent supply of water and the nearness to a good port, are the compensating advantages of the place, without which the settlors would scarcely have been encouraged to bold on for so long." Then as to the " scratching"—41 There is, perhaps, no more vexed question amongst the fanners than the comparative Advantages of deep or shallow plough ing and careful or slovenly cultivation ; and several instances have occurred which seem to warrant the conclusion, however erroneous it may appear, that deep cultivation is not always the best way of securing a crop in a dry country. Thus several times it has happened that fanners who practised deep ploughing have not taken off as good crops as their neighbours, whose cultivation was not so careful. One fanner put in 120 acres in I860 after deeply ploughing the ground with a single fuirow, and only recovered an average of a little over 2 bushels. The following year lie averaged less than 2 bushels per acre oft land prepared with similar care. On a neighbouring farm, and in the same year, 5 bushels per acre was reaped oft 350 acres put in with a scarifier, part of which hod also been scarified the pi-evious year. Another farmer, who broke up his ground very deeply, averaged J- bushel per acre oft 500 acres in 1880-1, and 2J bushels off 650 acres in the following year. Such experiences as these, and tho fact that some very good crops have been growu where the seed was merely harrowed in after the stubble was burned oft, make many fanners think that the most satisfactory c*ops are not produced by deep or frequent stirring of the soil. However this may be, it will doubtless require a much longer experi ence of the dry hundreds of the North than has yet been possible in order to determine what sort of cultivations suits them best." The reason he had read so many extracts was simply this. 3Ir. Henning said that he had a good know ledge of the country and of tho men who had settled on It As well, and divided them into four classes. First, there were the poor miserable creatures who had been deluded into going beyond Goyder's line of rainfall, and the bon. member congratulated the country on there being only few. The second class were a little better oft, but too lazy to get information from the Government offices; and Mr. Hector was held up as an example of them—a man of money, a good colonist, and a gentleman who could do without any con cession at ell. This class, too, was very small, and scarcely worth consideration. The third , class were those who went up North, fenced in the land, and scratched about a bit with the intention of becoming sheepfarmers on one section of country, which, according to the bon. member himself, would only carry 50 sheep to the square mile. . The lost class was the greatest one, and Mr. Henning had grossly libelled those he put in ft when he said that the majority of the settlers were merely speculators. He denied the statement in toto, and the extracts he had read backed him up ana showed that the majority of the settlers had farmed their land well. (Hear, hear.) No doubt there were a few speculators amongst them, but they were more numerous amongst squatters. How many squatters were there who had taken up land under preferential rights, and , who, while paying peppercorn rents, asked £5 a mile when a person approached them to buy? The hon. member wished it to be believed that about 20 per cent, of the agricultural settlers were simply speculators. (Mr. Henning—44 Hear, hear.") Ho contended that the settlement which had taken place had very much improved the northern country, and in some cases doubled the natural herbage. It was a very hard thing to destroy the herbage, and he knew that on some selections out of crop for two years the cotton-bush, saltbush, and bluobush grew better than before the ground was broken. He had a letter in his hand, written by Mr. Copley, of Black rock Mains, to the hon. member for the Burra (Mr. Ward) which bore on this Bubject. It read as follows" Dear Sir—As I see by the Press that you resume the debate on the Land Bill to-morrow, 1 take the liberty of dropping you a few linos re Mr. Henning's speech, which I consider a very foolish and inconsiderate one, and more particularly where he states that ploughing up the saltbush destroys the natural herbage." Mr. HKNNiNG—Is the hon. member in order in reading a letter reflecting on a debate hi this House 1 The SPEAKER-No. Mr. HOWE—The hon. member rood a letter. The SPEAKER—The hon. member read a letter from a paper not referring to this debate, but only rejecting generally on farming. Mr. HuWE—Well, then be would say that Mr. Copley's experience of saltbush country was that the bush grew more luxuriantly after the soil hod been broken tban before. Referring again to the Uundied of Baroota, it was sold some four years ago, and the very ilrst instalment of interest which ought to hare gone towards the principal wus no less than £12,000. Baroota had kept ana would continue to . keep its population, and bad become a valuable estate since its development by the selectors; but the settlers, as a whole, required more liberal land laws if they were to have a chance to live on the land. He came now to tho painful quostion of seed wheat for the distressed farmers, and while Mr. Hentiing and other hou. members had been speak ing en the subject he had felt quite miserable. The hon. member for Albert, in speaking about the condition of the fanners in the North, was unjust and harsh enough to refer to a subscription list made npby the Gladstone fanners to assist their fellow-agriculturists in the t'lne of their failure, aud he held up with gusto the fact that £410s. was tho whole amount subscribed. The hon.. member said if he had known the names of the subscribers he would have given the House the benefit of them; but if tbc hon. member knew them as well as he did Mr. Henning would know that one shilling of ready money just now was of great value to them, prom what they had said on the subject of the Seed wheat Fund it was plain that some hon. members, did not know tbo tacts of the case. When the ques tion was before the House last session Mr. Playtord referred to the public meeting which was held at Stephenston, and warned tbo Government that they would do an unwise thing in pro viding seed wheat for the distressed farmers, quoting as a precedent the refusal of tho Aycrs Government to assist tho farmers wbo had suffered severely from red rust; aud he had also said that for the Government to step in to tho relief of the fanners would have a tendency to pauperize them. 1 hese sentiments were endorsed by the majority of the members of tbe House, and the Press followed suit, advocating the establishment of a relief fund by private subscription ; but lie could never see the matter in that light, and on being consulted by tbe Central Committee of tbe Fanners' Association ho said so. He held it to be the duty of the State to provide their tenants with what assistance they re quired, in the same way as the late George Fife Angus and C. B. Young had done. They had supplied their tenants with what loans they required, at a low rate of interest, perhaps, anu had got their money back. (Mr. Uenniug—"Mr. Young did not."} George Fife Angos bad done so at ail events, and that was a similar case. These men were tenants of the Crown, and the proper thing for the Government to do was to have lent them wheat on their improve ments. He was sure they would lose nothing, as if these men had to give up their land after one more year aud left the country, he said—and he did not think any member would challenge him—that the land with the improvements that had been made would bring in fifty times more tban was spent if put up to auction on the leasehold Bystem. The Press bad said the Government must not assist these men, and all sorts of reasons were hashed up, and it was said when the public assisted the faimers that a lot of paupers were going through the lamL The mosc cruel things hod been said about the fanners of the coiony, and he ] believed many members of the House would regret what they bad said about respectable farmers in this matter. He hod assisted in the distribution of tbc wheat to distressed fanners, and he knew that some of the farmers who were better off than their neighbours gave Jiway horses and lent wheat aud small sums of money to others, and In fact the whole of the people of the North had been assisting each other, and it was only those who could not get the help of their neighbours who required the assistance of the public. Some persons had said that Mr. Dunn and other gentlemen would assist these fanners who were deserving; hilt his ox pcnence uau been tnat those arms only assisted those who hod good security, and these wcro com pelled to pay a high rate of interest. Referring to the Ssed-wlieat Fund and the Central Corn Tnittee again, he would say that he knew that some members of the Committee who had been reviled by members of the House hod subscribed to the fc<ecd-wbeat Fund themselves. When they found many of these men, who were freeholders, who thoroughly understood the position and had nothing to gain, coming forward, he thought it was a sufficient guarantee that the object was a worthy one, and he thought it was very cruel to nuke some of the remarks which had been made in connection with the selectors in distress. He hoped those members of the House who bad made the mistake of casting reflections upon the farmers would stand up and say that if they had known what they knew now they would not have made such remarks as they had. The bulk of those who had received the seed wheat did not look upon it as a gift at a^i, and returns for it would be forth coming in the greater number of coses. Ho knew many good hard-working farmers who had been cut to the very soul by the remarks which had been made, and they were determined, with health and stiength and comparatively fair seasons, that those who gave to tliciu would have no cause to repent, as they would return the value of what 1 others had received to a general fund for similar purposes. Mr. Ueiming had expressed a great deal of alaun that the statements as to our bod harvests going home from year to year would do serious injury to thecolony. (Mr. Henning—"Hear, hear.") It was too true that our harvests had been deficient, but we knew the cause, and had every reason to hope that they would be larger in future. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt the people in the outside world would think that South Australia was a very poor place • indeed if they read the lion, members speech, and bis statement that the best of the country was only cepable of earning from 40 to 60 sheep to the square mile would uo more to harm the colony than any state ments as to bad harvests. Jfe aid not believe the colony was so Godforsaken and such a sterile and barrpn waste as the lion, member would wish them to believe, (Hear, bear.) The hon. member wound up a long discourse by saying that half the troubles of the country would be over if they could see eye to eye w ith him. What a picture of desolation, bar renness, and sterility they would see. (Laughter.) It was his opinion that the troubles of the hon. member were only commenced. (Laughter.) He would like to give the hon. member a little advice. He knew that he had been & good colonist, and he believed he had every desire to Sut everything straightforwardly to the House; ut he hoped he would consult some medi cal man, and see if it were not possible for him to be a little more cheerful and hopeful in future. (Laughter.) He always took a gloomy view of things, and be hoped nobody would read his speech on the land question. Referring to the Hundred of Baroota, which the hon. member had reviled so much, he would 6ay that for every saltbush Mr. Orchard had destroyed be had planted fruit-trees. (Hear, hear.) He bad some of the fruit from orange trees of three years' growth, and this promised much betterthingsin future. Hehadalsohad very nice fruit from bis own garden in Baroota, and he believed there was a great future before this part of the colony. It was very fertile and easily irrigated, and the country, 500 miles of which Mr. Henning would not have as a gift, would, he was sure, support & very large population. The only good ho could see in the But was the con cession clause, and he thought he would bo able to show that this was unnecessary also. He wonld ask what was the good of making such a concession to people who could not pay, ana never would be able to pay? It did not relieve our farmers as a body. It might do some good to the storekeepers and mer chants, but it did-not take off the agriculturists the burden of w hich it was necessary to relieve them in order to ease them. The farmers had been too heavily handicapped, and onr land system had worked badly for the country and for the men who had been upon it. Drawing comparisons between, our land system and those of the other colonies, he* would point out that the average price given /or land in this colony was higher than that given in Queensland, Victoria, Now South Wales, New Zealand, or Tasmania. The average price realized in New Zealand was about 16s., taking the Bales from the foundation of the colony to the end oi last year. The land in Tasmania had averaged about £1 Cs , and in Vic toria they knew the price was £1 per acre. Our lands since they were unlocked had realizod an average price of £1 7s. per acre. In addition to paying a higher price for inferior land, our selectors bad to pay interest: whereas, in the other colonies, with a few' exceptions in New South Wales and New Zealand, all the payments were taken as part of the principal. He agreed with Mr. Playford that if we wished to retain an agricultural population on the eoil this was what it must come to, and it would be as well to do away with the Bill altogether. It was time we looked the facts in the face, and met the farmers in the only way in which they could properly and substantially bs met. lie hod a practical knowledge of the subject, and be was sura that unless something was dune in the direction indicated we should soon have the country partly deserted, and defeat our own ends. The Hill also contained a clause which he believed was inserted because a deputation which he introduoed waited on the Commissioner cf Crown Lands and brought the matter referred to. in the clanse under his notice. As it was put in the Bill, however, he scarcely recognised the principle. He thought it was lair once, and Bu it was as he saw it; hut now it was perfectly unfair to any one who had established himself in a holding. In the first place, they all knew that it took a great deal of money to establish a man in new country, ' and that improvements of all ports were very expensive. As ho understood it simple materials as they Btood would he valued; hut it should be remembered that a man might have improved his property to the extent of £2 an acre in making the soil fit for culti vation, but the {State took all that added value without giving any return for it. On that point he would read a letter from a farmer in lVaudearah as follows" Having read the Land Act which is now in Parliament I do uot sue a clause to meet the following case" The SPEAKER—I do not think the hon. member is in order in reading a letter criticising the BilL He can embody the iueas contained in it as his own. Mr. HOWE did not think the letter criticised the , Bill. The point, however, was that a man did not know whether be could become the purchaser of his homestead until the auction decided it. In the meantime he hod provided stock and hay upon the ground for his year's work, and thus be would be placed at the disadvantage of not knowing whether he could remove that produce if he did not purchase bis place. The in- going farmer would in any uasc have all the advantage, and would he induced to run the price up from the fact that an improved farm was worth £1,030 to him. He really believed that if the clause were brought into operation to-morrow no one would bo found to take advantage of it, and he failed to see haw it would benefit the farmer. There really was only one way to look at the question, and that was that if they wanted to retain the people upon the soil they must allow every penny paid by them to the State to go as part of the purchase- money. If sucli a system were put into operation the farmer would ho induced to stop, because he knew that every shilling lie paid would go towards clearing his liability off; but now it was quite the reverse. Those who were unable to purchaso were playing into the hands of the capitalists, so that instead of being freeholders they would become tenants. Another point to bu remembered was that those who had bought lauds at high prices bad, as a rule, the uick of the country, which they could work at a fair profit, and such purchasers were likely in the long run to become the proprietors of the land held by them, liut if the proposal that all payments should he taken as part payment of the principal were adopted it would not give tno fee simple under leu years, while it would allow twenty years for completion of the purchase, if tbo selector so desired. Such a principle had operated very well in Canterbury, which really w as the garden of the Southern Hemisphere. The Government there, wishing to settle the country with a permanent population, made the maximum Elico £2 per acre, ana the terms were as liberal as e bad spoken of, the result being that every shilling due to the Government was piid, while the object of the Parliament to have an independent yeomanry upon the soil was effected. Here, however, the farmers had to pay high prices for land which would not yield more than six or seven bushels to the acre, while in addition they had to pay a heavy rate of in terest. He thought the House would see how itn f:nlitic it was 'o pursue such a course, and he would ike to ask also whether it wus wise to exact from the farmer more than the land was worth. He was certain that if some alteration were net made in this direction our land would soon be thrown into the possession of a few men. .Some hon. members had said, and with some degree of truth, that it would he a very difficult thing for us to compote with America; but affairs were Dot so glooniy as was made out. Messrs. Reed & Pell in their circular pointed out that the cost to grow a quarter of wheat m the Great West, including delivery at the local depot, was £1 8s. ; freight to Chicago, tis. Ed.; thence to New Vert, lis. "2d.; New York to Liver, pool, 4s. 9Jd.; handling in America, Is. Id.; Liver pool charges, 2s. Id.; making a total cost of £2 7s. Slid., or say tis. per bushel delivered in England. They woulu thus sec that if the land laws were liberalized in the way be liac. indicated they would be able to compete with the American fanners, because they would lte able to grow wheat and deliver it in England at the rate of Cs. per bushel. 11c agreed with Mr. Benning that the throwing open of lauds beyond a certain limit was suicidal iu the extreme, because it was impossible for peoplo to farm there at a profit with an area of 1,003 acres. The climate would not permit such a thing, and there w as only oue remedy. That was to draw a line beyord which they would not allow people to settle under the present provisions. He could not fix that line himself, but he thought they could do it unitedly, lie would suggest, with regard to land beyond tliat line, that it should be surveyed into large blocks, tho area being iu accordance with the quality of the soil and its situation, and estimated to carry 1,000 sheep. He would offer it at auction for twenty-one years' lease, the highest bidder to become the lessee, and he should also be required to become a selector of 1,002 acres included in the same block. The price of the selection should be 20s. per acre, paid in ten or twenty equal yearly instalments; the personal residence, improvement, and culti vation clauses to apply only to the selectiun. Of course that provision would only apply to those who were in a position to comply with the condition of such a clause. If he bad taken such a gloomy view of affairs as the hou. member for Albert (Mr. H eniiing) he would not have brought the proposal forward. If the clause were put into operation, only men with a small amount of capital could take up land under it; but it should be remembered that those were the very class we wished to have on the soil, and such a class of men were now leaving our colony to seek more congenial climes, lie knew at the present time men who were leaving for New Zealand to select land for their sons to settle down. He had been told by the Press that such statements as this ought to be taken with a great deal of caution, hut his remark was a fact, and to support his case lie would quote the following extract from the Tatiara MailIt is not from that quarter alone, but from many other parts of South Australia, that farmere are making their exit. This week an aged couple named Sbaughnessy, with a family of stal war' sons, arrived in Border Town, after traversing the desert road from Adelaide. Most of the emigrants who pass through here have with them drays lind bullock teams bear ing their household goods and implements; and their dusty and miserable appearance after sqch a tedious journey would lead to tiie belief that it would not be undertaken if our land laws were liberal enough to enable them to moke permanent homes for themselves in South Australia. Almost every week families of this description pass Into Victoria, and we now revert to tho subject in the hope that our Parliament will, during tne coming session, make such an alteration in the land laws that w ill not only offer an inducement for the popu lation we have to remain here, but attract outsiders to our Ebores." Of course there was a limit to his scheme, and lie did not intend the holdings to be more tban O.COO or 7,000 acres at the outside. Land that was not suitable for snbdi vision and settlement under that system aught not to be taken from the squatters. He would not break covenants with any one, but if we could put ten settlers where we now had one it was our duty to do bo. The bon. member for Albert asked why tne farmers did not tell the House what they wanted? Why, . the fact was, they had done so in the petitions which bad been sent in so numerously that the Press said —"The cry is still they come." The farmers asked that the interest should in future he reckoned as part of the principal, and that the interest paid since January, 1879, should be remitted. If that were done it would cheer the hearts of the formers, and they would remain to successfully cultivate the land. If not, parts of the country would he evacuated, and the railways and other public works would cease to be remunerative, and would be a drag on the country as a whole. A line should be drawn— whether at Arkaba or Wilpena, or exactly where,' be would not nay—but bevonu that line there should be a difference in the treatment of those who took up land. He would call the attention of hon. members to the fact that many of the petitions were signed not only by those who would benelit by the concessions asked for, but by persons who had completed their agreements, yet who were anxious to see those around them having afatrchunce to gain a livelihood. Ho had not a word to say against the squatters, who had done good service in opening np the more distant country, hut he did wish to see the land well settled, and to this end he hoped that beyond the line lie hud suggested larger areas would be allowed to he taken up, say for twenty-one years, and at the end of that term the laud would be of inucb mom value to the State than it was at the present moment, and we should have settled on the land a prosperous community, and besides double the reveuue of the State. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COLES acknowledged the courtesy of Sir. Ward in allowing Mr. Iiowe and himself to precede him in the debate, as ho felt that those who spoke late on snch a question were in danger of repeating only what others had said. StfU he felt it was the duly of any hon. member having special knowledge of the laud question to place that knowledge before the House. (Hear, hear.) It was with that view that he Intended to occupy the House for a lew minutes. First of all he would give the Govern ment credit for an earnest desiro to permanently and. satisfactorily settle the Crown lands—(Hear, hear)— but he felt that the Hill now before the House only went a little way towards this end. However, he: would support the second reading in the hope of getting certain amendments made in Committee so as to moke the measure workable and beneficial.. He Joined with Mr. Howe in deprecating the gloomy view which some hon. members seemed to take of the situation. We had had two or three bod. seasons, but they were not confined to South Aus tralia. The wheat yield in all the colonies was one quarter less last year than in the previous year, and. there was every reason to bopo that with the general rains we had had the next harvest would be a good, one, and that Beed wheat for the relief of the farmers, would not be heard of again. (Hear, hear.) While on this question he would say that ire entirely agreed with the Government in refusing to sub sidize private subscriptions for the purchase of seed wheat. Had they done bo they might, hereafter have been asked to subsidize money for putting stock on runs whose owners could, prove, as many of them could in bad seasons, that they bod lost money and were on the verge of" ruin. (Hear, hear.) He had reason to believe that, a large majority of the farmers of thu colony did. not wish for aid from the Government, or from any body else. (Hear, hear.) He was homo out by the fact that only about 170 fanners really got seed wheat out of perhaps 300 applications, and there had never yet been a season so prosperous in this, colony that 1G0 or 260 farmers could not be found to show that their crop- had failed, and that thejr would he glad of relief. (Hear, bear.) The Com missioner of Crown Lands had told tire House that, the receipts from the Land Fund greatly exceeded the estimate. That surely was an indication that the capitalists of the colony had not lost faith in the land, and that the resources, of the farmers were nothing like exhausted— for anybody who knew anything about such things knew that the money-lenders aid not lend money on selections without leaving a very good margin for themselves. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Piayford had said that lie regarded the large amount of money paid as a deplorable evidence oi the mistake made, lie did not look at it in this light. The people had done nothing more than compete their contracts i and be might add that as a rule the fanners would prefer to pay a private capitalist 6 or 7 per cent, interest rather than pay the Government 4 or 6 per cent, and submit to all the restrictions they im posed on them. U borrowing money might be taken as an indication of the condition of the fanners, perhaps the amount borrowed by the mortgaging of credit selections might be taken into consideration. Bnt here again complaints were made of the hindrances. For instance, all arrears of interest bad to be paid, and the interest had to be paid in advance, and then there was an unwarrantable delay in the I an Is Titles Office. In fact, be knew of one cose where a selector was on the verge of being declared insolvent as a result of the delay in passing his application through the Land Department. The interest was paid and a receipt given, and then, two or three weeks after, when the man expected to get his mortgage and relied on receiving it, he was coolly told that the interest lrnd not been paid, and he iiad to produce his receipt before lie could go farther; and the result was that he was nearly ruined. He noticed with pleasure that £27,000 had been paid as second instalments. That money hud not been borrowed, as a rule, and that iu itself was au indication that things were not so bad as some would have thein believe. He admitted with Mr. Kenning that a portion of the land that had been surveyed and sold was not fit for agriculture, but it was not a large portion. He wanted to draw attention to a statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lands as to the Hundreds of £choinburgk and Lindlcy. The Commissioner had said teat nearly the whole of the laud had beets taken up, and to his (Mr. Coles's) certain knowledge: it was by men who were not likely to come to the. Govcmmentforassistance, but who would be willing, to get a living out oi it some other way than wheat producing if the Government would allow them to do it should the land turn out not fit for cereals. A petition was presented to the Commissioner of Crown. Lands by Mr. Dixsonnnd himself, from the residents of these hundreds, praying that tho land adjoining, the Hundreds of h'cnomburgk and Liudley might be: surveyed. To that an evasive reply was received, to. the efiect that inasmuch as the lands in the. Hundred of King, which adjoined on the other side, had been surveyed, the Government did not feel justified in surveying this also. Of his own. personal knowledge he would undertake to say that, if the land were surveyed almost every section would bo token up in less than three months, and it would all he paid for in due course. If he were in the habit of quoting Scripture as his colleague (Mr. Ilixson) was, lie would say to the Government, "You have done those things which you ought not to have done, and yon have left undone the things which you ought to have done, and there is no health, ill you." (Mr. Kingston—"That's not Scriptures."' and laughter.) Enough, perhaps, hod been said; about Mr. Ucnning, who opposed erery Land Bill; broucht into that House. (Mr. Henning—"I'm, consistent then.") The hon. member was consistent, in his inconsistency, lie had searched " Hansard," and had found that the hon. member had only sup. ported one Land Bill, and that was because of the first sis clauses in it. The hon. member objected to. tho others. (Mr. Henning—"So did you.") He objected to them the same as he did to some parts of this Bill, and he would say at once that if he could not get them amended he would rote against the third reading. The hon. member Mr. Henning said he opposed tho Bill " with regret." He was afraid the lion, member's sorrow was like the sorrow of the young man who followed his rich uncle's remains to tho grave—with a tear in one eye and a wink in the other. (Laughter.) As to,, the theory oi tho rain following tho plough, he could not say be held a strong opinion, but.. our experience in this colony showed that it did. He did not say this of the North and North-East, but he did of the Murray Flats. (Uear, hear.) He : travelled over that country twenty-three years ago with the hon. member for Stanley, and he had seen it peifectly dry on those plains when in the hills . about Truro and Tanunda it was quite wet. But. since there had been a good body of cultivation done the rainfall had increased, and the seasons . were as regular and as good as in the other districts be bad mentioned. (Hear, heaT.) Speaking with out the slightest hostile feeling towards the Govern ment, he must say he felt this Bill would not be a . permanent benefit to the selectors. What had been the cause of the distress I The high prices paid for the land had had nothing to do with it, nor had the rate of interest charged. The cause was that some of the fanners Iiad settled on a small portion of land which was totally unfit for agriculture. (Hear, hear.) That was the sole cause of the distress, and by no process could legislation secure an increase in the rainfall. (Hear, hear.) But while finding fault, he did not wish to uo so without suggesting some thing that he thought better than the Bill. Where the land bad been proved useless for wheat, lie would do away with the cultivation clauses alto £ ether, inBtead of going through the farce of year y year inBisting on the farmer ploughing and sow ing seed from which he knew he would not reap anything. He would certainly insist on the resi dence clause, but he wonld increase the area and do away with the cultivation clause, and then the Government wonld find that even on this poor land the agreements were fulfilled. Clause i of the Bill empowered selectors to sur render their agreements, and clause 5 gave them power to take up other land. He could not see the value of the 6th clause. If a man were brought to tbe verge of ruin by his agricultural pursuits he would not be ready to select more land when he had thrown up what he had held. The ■ 7th clause enabled bim to have his land pnt up by section, and If ho did not become tlio purchaser ho would be entitled to one- half the value of the iin Sroveraents made on the selection he had forfeited. low, he could not see why the man should not -hare the full value of the improvements he had made. The late Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Pluyford), than whom there was-no higher .authority, had said that in most cases of surren dered agreements the land had realised a higher .price than in the that instance. Then why not .give the man the foil value of the improve ments he bad made? Mr. Playford, speaking on this point, had said on a former occasion— •" Before going any further with this question he -would Eay that a great many people were mistaken in thinking that those selectors who had paid the -highest prices per acre had mode bad bargains, lie knew that there were many who had agreed to pay . £4 or £6 per acre who were in a better position than those who had selected at £1 per acre. In -administering the department he had only met with -one case where a man bad thrown up his selection •on the grounds that he had paid too nigh a price for it. That was a man named Mr. J. Evans, who took up land in the neighbourhood of Napperby in 1874, .-anil surrendered it lor cancellation on January 1,1831. Evans selected at £412s. per acre, and he said that the purchase-money was too high. He had fenced it in and surrendered it, with £305 worth of improvements; but he said that it would ruin him to complete the purchase, lion, members who knew anything about the land laws knew that when improvements had to be paid for on the fall of tho haiuuier it made a great difference to the prices ■offered fur the land, so much so that sometimes when usay £1,( 00 worth of improvements was on the land -ft wculd absolutely pay the Governmeut not to ■charge/or the improvements straight away, but to -offer the land for selection without the improve ments having to be paid for in cash. Well, tho ■Government offered Evans's abandoned selection at the end of a very bad harvest, and it was re-selected iby Mr. Dawes at £4 per acre, besides the sum of .£305 having to be paid down on the nail foriinprove .uieuts. lie- contended, therefore, that farmers who - selected at higher prices than others required as a class no special consideration." He believed that it this land were offered for sale again to-morrow it would bring twice nsmuch as the farmers paid for it—(Mr. Howe—" It lias been im proved")—and he thought they ought to get the full value of their improvements, and not half; and as to remission of interest, he aid not knew that any . great good could come of it, but it could not do much harm. It was not much use to remit interest which would never he paid unless the cultivation -clauses were relaxed, aud in certain parts of the ■country these clauses might very well lie done away with. Hn would insist -on the residence clause as tending to prevent dutmujism, but it was no use taking a man's money away by making liim cultivate where the land would not grow wheat. (Hear, heir.) He thought a mistake would be made in passing the clauses referring to breaches of agreements. At present if a man was tried first by two Jus tices. who sent the evidence to the Commissioner, who had the power of pronouncing judgment, but the Bill proposed to do away with tbat power, and •of the two systems he preferred the former. He would support the second reading of the Bill, but would make seme amendments in Committee, and if they were not carried he would have to oppose ■-the third reading. (Hear, hear.) On the motion of Mr. DJXtsOX, the debate was i adjourned till Thursday. INDIAN IMMIGRATION BILL. In Committee. Clause tt. Appointment of an Immigration Agent General. Mr. fcYMON said that the clause provided as inappropriate a name as possible for the officer who was to superintend the coolie immigration. The 'tsfticer described in the correspondence which had taken place on the subject and in Major Ferguson's report was called '* Inspector of Immigrants," and he thought that was the name that should be adopted, lie moved that the clause be amended accordingly. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) asked the hon. member not to press the amendment. rJte title was a little awkward at first sight, he admitted, hut In explaining what conditions would have to regulate coolie labour to the Northern Territory the Indian Government had used it, aud it was also used in British Guiana. Mr. SYMON said it seemed hardly the sort of name to describe the officer by, and having another Agent-General at home the title might be mislead ing. The parallel of British Guiana was not a good •one, because there was nothing but coolie immigra tion there. The matter was oue of imporhuice, ■ and lie would press his amendment. Mr. HARDY thought it was desirable to keep ■ as closely aspossibletothe words and the terms gene rally used over all the colonies in this respect, and be would support the clause as it stood. The Hon. J. CARR considered the name too .high-sounding for the office, and suggested "Pro tector of Immigrants" as more fully describing the -duties of the office. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) .asked Mr. Sjmon not to press the amendment at present: and if it wero necessary to alter the clause, it could be done at another opportunity. Mr. SYMON did not wUh to create any incon venience, and suggested tliat the better way would •be not to proceed with the Bill, as there was only a .small Houte. The CHAIRMAN—Attention lias been called to the state of the House. I^et the bells be rung. A House having been made up, progress was re ported, and leave obtained to sit again next day. ADJOURNMENT. On the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY '<Hon. J.C. Jlra>), the House adjourned at llminutes 'to 0 o clock till 2 p.m. on Wednesday. 