LITERATURE. THE GOLDEN PRIME.* Mr. Boyle is. we believe, new to novel writing, though not to literature, but he writes like an experienced workman. He displays a facility of style, a power of de scription, and a full control of the tale he has to tell, such as are not often Bhown by authors in their first noveL His familiarity with scenes and life in the EaBt has enabled him to break new ground and to give vivid and life-like descriptions of the pirate races of the Eastern Archipelago, which few writers could venture to attempt. In this and in his descriptions of the feeble con spiracy of the French royalists in 1872-3 to place Henri the Fifth on the throne, there seems something like the impress of personal experience upon his graphic pages. Some timeB this suggestion of personal experience is conveyed in a way which rather jars upon the reader, and abruptly brings him from the ideal world of fiction which the author has created back into the world of actual life. Thus in one place he takes his two heroes to Tonrs in the height of the Franco-Prussian war. They go to Gambetta and offer to the dictator their services as volunteers, but aB they are not soldiers by profession their offer was declined. As they leave the archiepisco pal palace at which Gambetta was tempo rarily installed, they pass and salute the archbishop, who was ascending the stairs. He BeeB their salute, stonily stares them in the face, and makes no return or sign. One of the young men takeB "no worse revenge than to tell his story ever afterwards when it re curred to memory." But Mr. Boyle takes a worse revenge, as he prints the story in a novel addressed to the general public, and adds the comment that " the inspiritual god Circumstance. . . may place a churl born in the metropolis of ceremonial courtesy.' If in this Mr. Boyle is imagining an incident it is a meaningless one, and turns aside the narrative withont purpose or reason. If he is recounting a real incident of his own ex perience, as the reader can hardly help sup posing, he is introducing an element of in congruity into a story in which it has 110 proper place. Something the same effect iB suggested in a later part of the book, where he rather awkwardly connects some of the fie. titioue characters of the Btory with some real names and incidents, and again occasions this feeling of uncertainty and doubt in the mind of the reader. But these are bat small flaws, and mnch more serious ones could be forgiven to an author who in his first novel gives us a story of Buch life and vigonr as this told to as by Mr. Boyle. The story is the life, up to the age of ?' Golden Prime," of two rich, high- spirited, chivalrons, adventurous, young Englishmen, Piers Bawdon and Sweyn Garrow. We trace their fortunes upwards from the nursery, following with special closeness the thread of the life of Piers, although, as the two are gene rally together and embarked as sworn brothers in the same adventure, we see almost as much of the one as of the other. We follow them to school and to the Uni versity, and get the animated story of their escapades and of the first love affair in which Piers is engaged. The University and social and love-making scenes are brilliantly written, the conversation is pointed and Bparkling, but the personages leave as the impression caused by those monsters of cleverness depicted by Mr. George Meredith, as of being too bright, too fertile in recondite jest and veiled alluBion, and far too quick in perceiving and taking np each other's slight est hints or references, to serve as fair speci mens of life in this slow, dull world, in which bo many of the " best things" go unrecognised owing to their being out of harmony with the perceptions of those to whom they are addressed. After leaving the University, Piers meetBhis fate in the personof a beautiful child, daughter of Sir James Latham, a country neighbour of his father. She is a very pretty girl, but a cripple, owing to a weak ness which she afterwards outgrows. In the meantime she has the tongae of a small fary and the temper of a charming child-fiend. The youthful liking cauBed by Piers's interest and curiosity regarding a child who meets him with the bitterest taunts on their first accidental enconnter, ultimately developes into a deep affection, which, however, has a very troublous and broken course to ran before it readies its goal. Biafidus Achates, Sweyn, is similarly transfixed by the charms of the superb, Juno-like beauty of Piers, French cousin, Jehannede Peronac,and meets with similar difficulties and obstacles in the progress of his courtship. The friendship of the two young friends With the De Peronacs gives the author an opportunity of sketching the ridiculous con spiracy we before referred to for placing the Comte de Chambord, the Enfant de miracle, on the throne of France. It was a conspiracy . of faded dignities, ghosts of a forgotten past, <«tately fribbles, priests, financiers, silly , women, petites crtvts, and rich parvenus : desirous of posing as old nobility, presided over by the smug, complacent Doc de Broglie, who got las followers to accept him as a •'master of diplomacy and finesse, though all of ' biswomlrous combinations failed even during -their period of gestation, and nous of hisgraud •schemes even emerged to the daylight His plans were admirable, but they ail had the defect that when the time came for action they fell to pieces and dissolved into air. And in each ease the failure QMMjjtom the fact forgot 'the exietenoeof thePken^Wm^M afactor iin tha matter.r fld the affair iijCiw' converse d one or ^ „ 111 the aristocratic £&# trhoi* matte^M we aee it _j -likean anathioblsm; It was a f'jppoend women some.hundred of RrhwJO.oowJ. by fkederiok jgrf W«H: iMIU ;!3Sir-W h.T. ► . «c . . .• *•!ft. / "'I - '•> years behind their time, people of whom this industrial, commercial, scientific, demd cratic age is not worthy. And ail this ie admirably brought out iu the bright B&tiric; pages which Mr. Boyle devotes to its pour trayal, and which at the same time skilfully tend to evolve and develops his etory. His representation ie very fair, and while he laughs at the addled egg of a conspiracy on which M. Ie Due eat so majestically, and with euch an air of mysterious, conscious importance, and at the feeble enthusiasts who assiduously laboured by giving balls and parties in the cause of noire Roy, he shows the respectable object of all these intrigues as a worthy, honest, limited middle-aged gentleman, who was utterly incapable of abandoning a single one of his moet anachro nistic principles for the sake even of the crown of France. Ultimately the yonng men, baffled in love and craving adventure, sail away to the East in a yacht, and here, indeed, they meet in short time with adventnre enough to glut the soul of the fiercest of all the descendants of Odin. They are shipwrecked and are picked I up insensible and dying from hunger, thirst, and exposure. In this plight they are found drifting in a boat by two frolicsome and beautifnl princesses of the ferocious pirate race of Lamms. They are taken to the LanunB' town, and soon afterwards the pirates are induced by news of an intended visit of an English man-of-war to migrate to Bruni, and place themselves under the pro tection of the Snltan of that territory. After I the perils of their first capture they are for j a time well treated by the L&nuns;, of whom we are told that " good nature is | a quality almost universal in a race which habitually and, as it were, religiously tortures its captives at the outset" We get a bright and brilliantly coloured description of Bruni, with its animation, and picturesque* uess, and squalor. Says our author:—" For all ; its poverty and ruin, Bruni is Btill a fine city of the Bavage and barbaric class, unequalled east or west for the quaintnesB of its site. It seemB to have gone adrift upon the river, arrested here in Borne back eddy. Superb mountains encircle it, and glorious foliage. Though the Bruni nobles be hard pressed for necessaries, they have no lack of silk, and gold, and diamonds. Though the Kayan is at their gates, and the area of cultivation yearly dwindles, they maintain their suite of banditti, their gilded boats, and picturesue umbrellas of hue so nicely determined by the herald. Though the empire is doomed, and they know it, they take anew wifee&ch; month, and make merry." The life of the yonng Englishmen at Bruni ie one of incident. Their Lanun captors try to detain them as prisoners, and then, on account of the protection extended to them by the young princesses, the Lanun Baj&h; resolves on pntting them quietly out of the way. From this peril they are saved by the devotion of the girls, who appeal to the Bruni Government to protect them. They are saved in the nick of time, jost as they are cut down in a fight by their Lannn assailants. They are then taken to the city of Bruni, and while there they are spectators of, and, indeed, participants of, a fight between Malays and Lauuns in the i house of a Bruni chief, which in its carnage, | its ecstasy of homicide," can only be com pared with the slaughter at the end of the Niebelungen Lied, or the exterminate ! ing fight in the hall of King Atli, recounted by Mr. Morris in his Sigurd the Voleung. This fight over, the friends hear that their former saviours and subsequent enemies, the Lanuns, who ato camped lower down the river, are in desperate straits owing to the warfare and siege of the Kay aim, a tribe of Borneo savages. They are appealed to; and determine by means of the money at their disposal to raise a Malay force and go down the river with a strong armed flotilla to the lannns' relief. The strategy of the Englishmen and their subsidised allies is well described, and the pages ring with the shouts of battle and the clash of arms. After a desperate fight the KayanB are driven back, the L&nuns; relieved, and the fleet ascendB triumphantly to Brant Soon after wards a terrible tragedy takes place. The Saltan of Bruni determines to send the Lannns, whose presence in his capital he has reason to object to, to a remote settlement Immediately after their departure, the young Englishmen discover that one of the prin cesses, who has formed an attachment to Sweyn, has been murdered by her father, the Rajah, and that his son, Ibrahim, who had also protected them, had been similarly assas sinated. Sweyn urges Piers to take the op portunity of a trading vessel in the port to leave for home. As for him, he has work that will keep him there, work that is not enitable for a Christian gentleman. Piers, however, resolves to share the work of re venge. They again muster their allieB, and add largely to their num bets, engage the trading vessel, which carries a battery of 18-poundere, and with half the fighting population of Bruni eager for pay and loot, they Bet sail in chase of the Lanun pirates. The pursuit is ad mirably described, as is slso the desperate fight which occurs when the L&nuns; are brought to bay, and moor their pr&us; in line close to Bboie, link them with hawsers, de fend them with a shield of planks, and wait for the attack. An English war steamer is seen in the distance approaching, and the friends, hnriy on the attack, knowing that their chance of vengeance depends on their striking hard and quick, before the warship can come to take the matter iu hand, The combat is Homeric in Us animation and epic verve and colouring, and Morse in its abundanoe of blood and number of After a strenuous fight the vengeance of the friends is complete, and nothing but a scattered, bat gallant and desperate remnant remains to support the Lanun name, ] After these aangninary deeds the legal wari fare, and plotting, and counter- plotting bei tween Piers and his stepmother, who is seek ing to defraud him of his birthright, appears almoBt tame, butMr. Boyle's skill as a narrator is such that the interest is not suffered to flag. This part of the story goes on con jointly with the development of the love affaire of the two friends. It would require more space than we can afford to show how matters are ultimately made all right, and virtue and faithful love are rewarded. And apart from considerations of space we should be sorry to say a word that would lessen our readers' desire to make themselves acquainted with the bright and clever, stirring story which we have thus loosely sketched. 