CATHOLIC CONCERT. A musical and drainatic entertainment in aid of the Catholic Presbytery was given in the Port Town- Hall last evening, by members of the Catholic Litcrary Society, with the assistance of several lady and gentlemen amatcurs. Notwithstanding the unfortunate inclemency of the weather the Hall was crowded, as in fact, it always säems to be when our Catholic friends undertake anything in this direction. There is an enerarftic thoroughness which characterises everythingl^vhich the Revd. Fatlier Ryan and his friends attempt in the way of catering to public intellectual rccreation,'that ensures pronounced success. Last night's experience proved no exception to the rule. The prDgramme opened last evening with an overture very nicely played by Miss Hackendorf, after which the Ghost Scene from Hamlet was produced. The part of Hamlet was taken by Mr. A. D. Leston, who gave unmistakeable evidencc of the possession of histrionip abflity of a high order, and showed a clear conception of the character of the moody Dane. Mr. T. Donnelly acquittcd himself creditably as Horatio, and Mr. G. S. Leston, as the Ghost of Hamlefs Father, was spectre-like in his demeanor and fairly supernatural in his tones. Mr. J. McNamara had, of course, little 6Cope to distinguisb himself in the silent part of Havcellus. Wcll-earned applausc waa bestowed upon the actors at tho conclusion of the piece. r Miss E. Pyne followed, with "The Flower Girl," which was very nicely rendered ; but which would have been still more enjoyable had the fair acoompanyist slightly modulated the music, which was >rather too powerful for the voice of the singer. In response to an enthusiastie encorc. Miss Pyne then gave, m an equally efEective manner, " Buy my Flowers. Mr L M. Tier sang " The Horrible Talc m such " an 'orribly " ludicrous style that I10 brought down the house, and lie secured almost equally yociferous appIauBe with "The Pärlor Blind," wlnch hc gave m answer to a most impcrativc encore. Miss Hackendorf and Mr. Flaherty gave an excellerit rendilion of the duet « The Wind and the Harp,' and Mr. T. Donnelly followed with the recitation "Mary, Queen of Scots," which hc gave with a fair elocutionary effcct "Eileen Alannali"was well sung by Mr. Flahertv and a duet " Starlight on the River," was verv swectly given by the Missea Williams, aud deservcdlv applauded. The first portion of the prograSme wae thenconcliided by Mr. Flaherty, who aangftSfcey aay ^mäö ayrfully clevah," inan irresistlblyUnSo mänhet. • • ' •:: * : . ! The seoond part oommenced with a grand fantasia on aVariety ofpopular atré played by Mr. A. Doyle, whöwas called upon for a well deserved encore. A drattutåc Boene ironi lon was produced in a way which deserved a better reception than it obtained, and in tbe same acting on the boards of a theatre with the assiBtance of better appointmenta although a critical andience might hare been diBposed to find Bome fault, they would certainly not have confuaed tragedy with burlesque, as Bome appeared to do last night. The parts of King Adrastns, Prince lon, and Crythes were tsken br! Messra Royle, Gellento, and 0'Sollivan respectively. Mr. Tier Bang, "Ted 0'Meallv, and as a matter of course wasencored. Mr. D. Öibbs showed some courage in attempting the recitation of Eugene Aram,butsucceededinacquitting himself creditably. Miss Swift sang «• Killarney' verv 8weetly,and received an encore. Miss. Pyne, in <• We'd better bide a wee," quite so Buccessful as in her other numbers. Mr. B. Gellento recited a comic piece in a way that creatcd the amusement it was mtendedto. "Why do summcr roses fade?" waasung with much taste and expression by Miss E. Williams. Mr. M. McDonagh recited " The woman of three cows " with due precision of emphasis and with a fine rich Hibernian brogue. Mr. Baker sang "Don't make a noise," and eamed appreciative applanse. The entertainment concluded with the farce, " He wonld be an actor," the performance terminaling just five minntes too late for the 10.40 Somaphore t»in. This is abont the önly point in which a desirable improvement might have been efEected, and it is an improvement that might with advantage be studied in all the entertainments given in the Port. For the restj the generous patronagc accorded last night (which was gratefully acknowledged by the Rev. Father Byan) was most thoroughly deserved. 