,A JIREVIVLISI' ON DANCIIVG. Thne Rev. John MI'Neil, B.A., in.ad dressing a meeting at l?vneton oh'Fri-' day evening (accordisig to the;.yneto?n G6uardiam), said that. he was some tjsass asked whether it was sinful to attend qusdJille assp~mbles or danging classes, le. a15s not goire to. say whether it was wrong or not, but his text 'told him thit they should 'be se?led with the Ioly rSliit of pi o!ise, snd have. ".ecl!e ,earnest, of tlleir?in heritance" within. ie would give a cheque ftdr £50 if they could'piotduice a!Vyone who was filled with the I-Holy ,.host, anud yt attending dancing as semblies. If a man had the earnest of the inheritance within Jimsi and was toll upsof 'the Holy Ghost, it would take a very strong rope and a powerful locomotive to drag him into a da;sisjg .rooui where people went spin ning sound arud horntd like so many idiots, and it would bho t!e-,l. t. tpins until lhe could get out againu, Having Ibst some of His flock, and as saying to the angel Gabriel-" Gabriel, just go down to the world and see if you can Iusit tlheis p." Gabriel started on his mission, and reortod, F ord I hear the shuffling of feet in here,' Whlen the Lord replied-" Oh ! none of my flock could be found there; that is a ball roo?." Mr. M'Nleil concluded this illustration by expressing the hope that the Lord wotild never o.epd Gabriel to look for him in a ball-room, The Portland Guardian thinks that tile Malagoota Fish Company has a poor prospect, and advises Mlelbourne capitalisas to invest their money in Portland Fi'isleries. ' Codlin's the friend, not Short i" MIr; G. WV. Brown says that in -877 the gallani't Major appointed fifty-five teachers without consulting the delpart ment at all. '¶he IMajor does not wavnt any depalrtment to help him ao decide upon the !nerits of a pretty teacher.; Arabi has 1ad the hardihood to re quest an armistice of eight days. Sir Garnet W6lseley is said to be willing o give hIrip Lventst-four minutes, but even twventy-foot minutes law is to much for thle mtan who.ordered a mas secre of the defli',:oless. C-harles 'jasco, a well-known .hanger on of the theatrical I,,rofession, w?is cbarged at the Sydney.l police -, rt wilth victimising lpeophi- by advertising for igents, gettiiig cash -securitieS 'frothl them, and levantin;t. He was remanded. 