HERE comes to Mr. Blunt a tale of Law T in its reformed administration in the 8upreme Court. Unlike many taleB this, it ib asserted, is strictly true in fact. Some gentlempn will not like the narration, but that cannot be helped : justice must be secured even at the cost (in this instance) of me*cy V but fo enab e them to grasp the " • - well 'in to Moid tirine our readers} whole (ab well is to avoid tiring our readers) we have divided the facts up into separate 1 paragraphs. years ago a farmer in this colony SOME digi, M most farmers sooner or later will. *'He' left a widow and a moderate supply.** .children,*) wit, three infants, I wSpioperty estimated bv«arthlyconsidera- U tions at from £1000 to £1800. MoBt people would eonBiaer-ttat «ur farmer had, as things go. TCasorifiblydonejhis duty in having made prbVision tio thfetextent for his family, j He, however, died without, havings made his trill; and any' person xeraed in the theory of law and justice would have supposed reasonably ,enough that the wjdow would have cobJb ! in foivoijerthird, tod the child-1 ten au^aitable I atrftngement. /This would, nave 3ustified I the aphorihm of Blackst&ne-;—'"Thelaw is the perfection of human reason." . . . . But at this juncture there came forward a man who, copceiving he had a claim against I the intestate's estate of £30 or £40, applied I to the widow to pay the amount. She j7 -7." A .t linohnTid hnfnrp liin I disputed theqlaqn, ^husband Detorems death having told her that he had paid it; only tthe could not find the receipt. The j man'f&ereafter; called Jones) applied to a city lawyer to enforce the payment of his ciiy w •< f j claim, and what is popularly called ]UBtice. This professional applied in a professional WaT 'for payment and was refused: . . . Far better (as the sequel will show) had it * Br ^ 7 e u„j been for that unfortunate widow had she paid ]tihe man wl he demanded, and liberally added thereto one b^lf of the property rather than have refused that lawyer, who \- . n„ 1 was professionally bound to do justice, love mercy, and pocket tees . | J ONES'S lawyer thereupon filed a little I hill mminst the widow in the Supreme ! Court . of-this , 7f*. colony 1 for x. the j.i administration . I of the estate. The widow, in despair, not understanding the effect of the huge maes Of legal verbiage which technically speaking was M served" upon her, rushed to consult another city lawyer, who assured her that everything would be all right shortly. And so it was, inasmuch as that the whole of the | intestate's property was sold by order of the Supreme Court, the proceeds being paid in '* for distribution according to law." It should-be added as an interesting feature at this point, that the £1000 or £1300 ttorth of property realized at forced sale nearly £800! T HINGS went merrily and of course tapiUy QH; the widow came to town with her children, and supported herself and them by working at the wash-tub, and citmlair employments, — . varying „ „ the monotony . of hef^aily or by frequent calls upon her lawyer. ' Alas ! poor hard-driven widow ! The lawyers, as in duty bound, paid very careful attention to the interests of their respective, clients, with the practical resultf which only the bills of costs could show. . . . Shortly before Christmas Jones's solicitor, being in a genial mood, and having in view a large amount of pros- pective jollity, christian observance, and I general goodwill to men, applied to a Judge of the Supreme Court for the taxation of his bill rof costs up to date, and payment out of the funds in Court. The widow's l solicitor being in an equally happy humor, I and withal wanting money tor the holidays, 1 applied for and obtained a similar order, the learned Judge in granting the orders, expressing his hope (as was fit and proper) ^Ua4- iliair ltrmilil amiaw vmamh that they would enjoy a merry Christmas I and a happy new year! . . . At once each lawyer's office became intensely active I in the modelling of an account such as can only come out of legal hands without blush-1 ing at its own——remarkable liberality ! These bills of costs in due time came before • the Master of the Supreme Court for taxation, from whom came in due course J certificate of the amount to which each of the two lawyers was entitled. j -pUT a new difficulty here arose. The J) Bupply in the widow's cruse had been, | by f orce a Bale, reduced to something less | ^800 j and on adding the two bills of I COBts ^together it was found that the £780 I „i._ii„ai^-i. waq wholly insufficient to j pay ®ne the lawyers for'their kind servioes! m ' 1 1 collided; probably f o r J S ^ t l S S A in earnest and really angry: each swore he I wo^ld be paid ^first-^but Wouldn'tget the f money from the poor distracted Court official. Of course there were more atten datices before "the" Judge^harg^ble'to I fl estate if anything had beel left to absorb—who cleverly decided, after coneui^ng a n immense arrav o£ precedents. I that the widow's lawyer must be paid firstj an<} Jones's lawyer must to use a wellknriwn legal phrase—"waltz in " second, and the creditors must take a chance for third ! <N.B. even Jones saw there was 1 nothing left for him, and—blessed—his lawyer whom he had put in the way of I feeding off highly- spiced meats.) I ptisPECTING the doings of the pet j\7 Ministry of the Argus, the Victorian banner has the following: Recent appointments and promotions amongst officials at the Parliament Houses afford a fair index the to the proceedings of the'O'Loghlen Cabinet. One of messengers, a man named O'Connor, a Roman CatholiC) has been snddeni v p rom o tc d to an appointment at Beechworth, valued at £230 per annum and free quarters, -worth probably over £70 more. A young man named Da vies, employed as a junior messenger at the Parliament Houses, stands next for promotion, and should in the ordinary cour6e have got O'Connor's place. Davies is twenty. three years age, is a Protestant, and has been trained for three year past with a view to his filling a ^acancy whenever it occurred But instead of O'Connor's place being given him, it has been bestowed up^n a man named Fitzgerald, a Roman Catholic, who had been employed in preparing census returns. Side by side with this is the Appointment of Mr. Duffy brother to the M. L. A. who signed the Grattan Address, to the third class in the B civil service at a minimul^ ^ ^ o£ £375 Mr. Duffy's promotions have been very frequent, whilst others, grey in the service, still remain in their classes withoutany prospect of promotion. We understand that this increase and promotion was ' made during the recent debate on the Irish address, so that wbil£fc one member of the Duffy family wa; being arraigned in Parliament the other was being still further assisted to levy on the ' Saxon swine' 8 0 gracefully alluded to by their pensioned father." " T" ~ ~ • T H fnTrj a o D es\ W fa7yef r^fnn^t I f- m tul |» JOD f B 8 .lawyer costs in part V wi tn much_ legal grimacing), the creditors nothing, and thewidow's poition was simply I despairing bitterness and grief. . . ; J I There being no money to grasp, the suit died a natural death/looking very much like an orange that had done overmuch duty. . . . ! But one feature in the case —a feature of noble generosity, must not be lost sight of, lest the smallest gr.-.in of injustice be 'done. The widow's lawyer (wearied _ probably with her off-repeated importunities and ghost-like haunting and wailing at his office-door) gave her the magnificent _ sum of _ £5, to get away _ w to Mel bourne; and so he got rid of a client no longer useful, ornamental, or interesting. After all it was a very small rebate to that j ruined widow from his fat bill of costs! OW, as we have said, this is a true relation of factB which have occurred in N I our Supreme Court, a source whence popularly-speaking we derive all our justice and equity j and we appeal to those rampant and raging- law reformers, Messrs. Bray, 'Baker, Downer, Symon, and Kingston— who have 40 often emphatically assured admiring electors that they would to the last drc^ of their heartq' blood labor in the cause of procuring justice and cheap justice for the p6or4-we Appeal to these gentlemen to put an end to fhe kind of thing detailed in thila toWritioii; And further,we venture to l.L IL.ha h.LaIL^.. i _ 1 _ * 1 • ask them whether invested as they are with il the power and opportunity and privilege— they have done-anything in Parliament in accord with their hustings' promises; and ifnot, why not 1 ?' .-.-p. , . , . Jt. , M • 7® M f «|eavmg this case now for . , judgment by, the public conscience-^ with the profoundest reverence, esteem, and admiration for the three learned Judges of the Supreme Court, whether in their opinion the state of things here disclosed doeB not demand, a remedy ^ whether there is not something potent in the cries of the Wiflftw and fathferidss children to disturb not aejSSSlSotn^ jl^fcSS^S? | not seek—w in sworn dutybound—to sug- g^ such Iemedy ^ their i ong .delayed ,, 5 -Utttwii _ u , .. R L U K T would " k lf there is no lay i^ember of the Hpuse of Assembly P^pared fo take such a cue as this up, and ?, nqU1 H\ Jhenaines of the parties ^ t M / i ^ f J y theway was termed a Enendly administration suit can b© furnished A ND now, would any professional man .. with clear and clean conscience _ will J n Sv ta ?e a client into the Supreme Court m P" 8 " 14 of l uetice ? fflHE recent occurrence, by -which five Port I i- men nearly lost their liveB at Port Lincoin brings into notice/the desirability of some iteration inreegpect to the position of tte Marine Board in matters of this kind. The President explained yesterday that he bad standing powers to act upon his own discretion in such, cases; but. it is not fair that he should be saddled with or expected to accept such heavy responsibility. It must naturally in such circumstances weigh with the President that he will have to account for any expense he may incur in cases like those of uie castaway men. There is a strong probability that, were he to take the responsibility of incurring an expenditure of one or two hundred pounds, and it should transpire that the alarm had been a blunder, he might be censured for involving the Government in unnecessary expense. In justice to the President himiBelf, therefore, as well as to the public, the responsibility of sanctioning should rest with the Minister alone, unless deputed to the President in cases of''the absence of the Minister, or in I case of any particular emergency .where even telegraphic communication with the Minister could not be waited for. ND speaking on this subject it is only A fair to give prominence to the remarks of our Mayor at Uie Council meeting yester- He stated most emphatically thatit was \- bla fopthe Pv^aSent to We received nvivt ® n J m uuatruflfcions ptwil nl m * from iiiA the Chief 1 NAnMAin«m Secretary befwe he twk ^on on his.o^ rMponsi- ^ ^ Jt ^ ascertained as a P° sltlve faot ^ ^ ^ l 0 ** 0 , 80 ' ^^P 80 he ? would he the last to do W t i c e a gentleman holding a. high position like that of the President of the Marine Board, and therefore felt called upon to give this statement publicity, ESTERDAY at the meeting of the Port Y Town Council the Town Survevor fur- . nisheda v«ty interestinganduseful return I 0f traffic over the Bailway crossing. He states that the roadway available for traffic at a little(distiance from the crossing is about 46 feet wide; at the crossing of the rails it is narrowed to 27 feet 3 inches. The traffic taken is:—July 9th, 7.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. 524 foot passengers, 188 vehicles, 30 horseme n. July 10th, same hours, 790,254, and 117 respectively. HE return further states that the traffic between 5.30 p.m. and 7.30 a.m. not included, amounts to more than 50 per cent, on the above returns, which are also under the average for the year. .The culverts are dangerous; there is barely room for two drays to pass, and not enough room for a waggon loaded with hay. HE details of the traffic for July 9th and T 10th respectively, during hours.men2 tioned, are given as follows:—Adults 230 and 263 ; children, 294 and 527 ; drays, 40 and 75; trollies, 3 and 13 ; waggons, 12 and 17 ; carriages 21 and 11 ; spring carts, 112 and 138 ; horsemen 30 and 17. It was decided to forward this report on to the Government, -who will no doubt see that something is immediately done to improve this Btate of affairs. HEEE is a grain of consolation, at a time T Jwhen our geographical position is being so cruelly and spitefully ignored by the Orient Company, in the assertion of the Captain of the Tannadice, as mentioned "by Mr. Glyde at the Marine Board on Thursday, that Port Adelaide is the best port, after Sydney, that he has entered. The vessel, came alongside McLaren Wharf -with 3200 tons of cargo and drawing 18 feet of water. TfR question what is to be done with the T large cargo of tea brought by the vessel, furnishes a somewhat difficult problem How long will it last our present population before it converts the lining- of their stomachs into tannin ? B. TOMKINSON lias succeeded in eliciting from the Attorney General a more I satisfactory reply to his enquiry relative to the commutation of King's sentence. There are two peculiar features about the case: First, why did Mr. Tomkinson withhold from the House the fact that the Attorney General had given him certain information upon the matter, and, second, why did not the Attorney General at once place the House in possession of the iacts without reserve, as he has now had to do ? T HERE is some doubt, after all, whether the new Court House not prove to be productive of some benc iit to tin; town. Since its opening police business has been almost in a state of stagnation. Even habitual drunkards carefully shun tlio discredit attached to any connection with such a building! HE dinner of the Port Central Cricket T Club last night (of which wo have to hold over our report) was a completely successful affair as it should have boon with His Worship the Mayor o£ Tort Adelaide in • the chair, and the senior member for the district in the vice-chair, supported by so enthusiastic a lover of manly sports as Mr. T. Gk Smith. His Worship was as buoyantly eloquent as usual in his remarks upon tho fitness and readiness of South Australians, particularly Mudholians, for martial service when required, and Mr. Bower "went # even still further and spoke of gun-boats as mere playthings provided by an ail'ectionately paternal government for the amusement of the people! Hear that, Admiral Aslanbergoff and tremble! OW intensely disgusted must the Czar H I of all the Bussias have felt the other day when he found (despite all his efforts to obtain positive security for his sacred J ierson) that he could disguised enter and eave G-atschoria without being challenged. And that place of all others ! ND it is Baid that being now so beset by A Nihilist conspiracies the only exercise he dare take is chopping wood—an occupation that brings wages to 'the poorest day laborer at Port Adelaide, but which brings the Emperor nothing—not even contentment. By and by wo may see, if peace prevail in Europe, a friendly match between our champion wood-chopper, the Eight Hon. W. E. Gladstone and his all-worshipful Majesty of Russia. . . . . Anent this wood-chopping, it may be well to remind ~ theee great men of Emerson's aphorism—"In all earthly and mundane things there is at work a principle of compensation." How this applies to the Czar's life, Blunt does not presume to suggest. 