English Sporting News. In commenting upon the winning owners for the season of 1831, the Sporting Life says; — "An American sportsman, Mr, P. Loriilard, heads the record with & total of £18,787, which, althougn £2,726 more than the highest winning account (Lord Fal mouth's) in 1880, yet bears an unfavourable comparison with the sums placed to that nobleman's credit both in 1877 and 1878, he in the first-named year securing, in additon to the Gold Vase at Ascot, stakes to the value 1 of £34,378 10s., and in 1878 his winnings : reached no less than £87,569, while the fed- j lowing season Gount Lagrange won £26,376. i Our American couBins, however, are to be congratulated on. the success of their repre sentatives, inasmuch as Mr. Lorillard's ooloufs were not seen on an English race course until the spring of 1879, while the hand some amount which places him at the head of the poll was accrued from niiie victories only. Of these, seven are to the credit Of that equine celebrity, Iroquois, whose principal suocesses comprise the Epsom Derby, Don- caster St. Leger, Prince of Wales's Stakes and St. James's Palace Stakes at Ascot, and the Newmarket Derby at the second October meeting. Altogether, the son of Leamington and Maggie B.B. contributed upwards of £17,0001 Next on the list figures Mr. W. S. Crawfurd, who, with a total of £18,395, has lettered his position of third last year. The three animals which have been the chief means of adding to this gentleman's exchequer are Thebais (winner of the One Thousand Guineas, Oaks, etc.), St. Marguerite, and Buchanan, the last-named commencing the season well for his popular owner by scoring a victory in the Lincolnshire Handicap. Lord Rosebery runs a good third, with a winning account of £17,982 17s., from twenty- eight victories, he having thns materially im proved upon last year's record, when his stake-money reached but a little over £6,000. The Middle Park Plate winner, Kermesse, whose five victories included the New Stakes at Ascot and Newmarket Jnly Stakes, alone won npwards of £7,000. Sir J. D. Astley oc cupies fourth position, his aggregate winnings amounting to £17,244, the ' canary and green cap' having been carried to victory onfif ty-eight occasions. Peter, mainly by his successes in the Royal Hunt Cnp and H&rdwicke; Stakes at Ascot, was the principal contributor, the son of Hermit and Lady Masham winning close upon £5,000, while Windsor (the Chester Cup victress), Candahar, Medicus, etc., all assisted to swell the baronet's banking ac count. Lord Falmouth stands fifth, with a total of £15,611 to his credit, upwards of half of which sum was secured by the Dew- hurst Plate winner, Dutch Oven, while his lordship was successful altogether nineteen times. Another American sportsman, Mr. J. R. Keene, is tolerably well to the fore, the half-dozen races which fell to his lot bringing in abgut £5,216, Foxhall (the Csarewitch and Cambridgeshire winner) contributing the lion's share." A pigeon match for £500 a-side took place between the American " Doctor" Carver and Mr. A. Stuart- Wortley, at the Union Gun Club grounds, Hendon, near Londqn, on the 5th December. The American was the fa vourite in the betting, but the match was a close one throughout, and terminated in a draw, each of the competitors having killed eighty-three birds ont of the 100; and as there was a thirty yards' rise, the perform ance on the part of both of them must be considered a remarkably good one. The scores are as follow Mr. A. Stuart-Wortley -11101-11101-11111- OOlll-OlOU-11111-lOlll-llOOl-lllll-llllO- imi-mii-imo-iom-ouii-11111-10111- 11101-11110-10111 .. ' . Total. RB Dr. Carver — 00000-10111-11101-11111-11101- 00111-11111-11111-11111-11111-11111-11110- 11111-01111-01111-01111-10101-11111-11111- 11101 Total, 88 The will (dated 24th November, 1880) of Mr. Christopher Pond, of the firm of Spiers and Pond, late of 38 New Bridge street, Blackfriars ; of The Cedars, Heme Hill ; and of Updown- house, Margate, who died on 30th July last, waB proved on the 23rd November, by Mrs. Emma Pond, the widow, and William Halse Gatty Jones, the acting executors, the personal estate amounting to over £215,000. The testator leaves his freehold house in Lnd- gate Hill to hiB wife for life, and then to his daughter, Florence Emma ; to his son, Wil liam Christopher, an annuity of £250 ; to his wife, an immediate legacy of £10,000, all the plate, furniture, and household effects at his private residences, his horses and carriages, and his leasehold residence at Margate ; to his employs and friend, Alfred Joseph Simmons, £500 ; to his partner, Felix William Spiers, in affectionate remembrance of their long friendship, 500 guineas ; to Angnet Leon, the accountant of his firm, and to Frederick Calvert, the manager of the Gaiety Restaurant, £200 each ; to Henry Maxted, batcher to his firm, £100 ; to the London Hospital, £100 ; and there are many other legacies and annnities, including be quests to his mother, the children of his brother, Miss Forbes, and to his coachman. As to the residue of his real and personal estate, he gives one- third to his wife abso lutely, and the other two-thirds are to he held upon trust for his said daughter, of whom Mrs. Pond is appointed guardian during her minority. Referring to the Australian Eleven which will shortly leave for England, the Sporting Life s&ys; : — " What a season we are to have next year if the Australians come and carry through their programme. The members of the teams who have already given as a taste of their quality always spoke with great respect of the men now selected to take our representatives on, and, given anything of a summer, the result of the tour should beyery profitable. It is a long way to journey,' and when the cost of travelling and maintenance has to be multiplied-as it does with the eleven, their spare men, and agents — by about fifteen, the arithmetical result amounts to what Mr. Mantalini would call a demnition total' of gigantic proportions. It is with no little satisfaction that we hear that some of our amateurs, who had during the last year or two somewhat lessened their active con nection with the game|vare already going into steady preparation to get fit again, and reduce the too solid flesh so easily accumulated, which prevents the all-essential dash in the field. The intention is to give the Australians something, and as a means to that end, they will leave no stone nntorned. A trne sporting spirit is astir, and no doubt our great national -pastime will greatlv benefit from the etirricg.up to be given "it. The movement will work in so many ways, as the elevens to be picked to do battle' with the redoubtable rnn from the land of the lolloping kangaroo will have ib be chosen with regard only to ability, and the efforts to merit selection in the representative England' end cQunlty teams, "will purely raise the standard of excellence among oqc amateurs and professionals." j SPOaTTWG NOTES. An interesting meeting will take place to-day (Saturday) at Kensington Park, and should the weather he favourable, we expect a large , attendance. j A cricket match, between the members of the Australian Club and Bowes's Tattersall's, took place on the Emerald Hill grqpnd on Tuesday last, and resulted in a victory for the former. The first number of the " Victorian Bacing Calendar" sas made its appearance. j contains the programmes of the following clubs: — V.R.O., Baxter's Flat, Kensington Park, Bedesdale club, Rochester Jockey Club, Gordons and Egarton club, Ararat Turf Club, Victoria Amateur Turf Club, Melton Race Club, Shepparton Race Club, 3allan Jockey Club, Colac Turf Clnb, Numurkah Turf Club, Raywood Race Club, Mnrtoa Bacing Club, Cranbourne Racing Club, Wangaratta Turf Club, Wimmera Turf Club, Seymour Racing Club, Mansfield club, Koondrook Turf Club, Ghiltern club, Warrnambooi Baring Club, Kyneton District Raring Club, Bendigo Jockey Club, Dayles ford Racing Club. The " Victorian Bacing Calendar also contains a register of dis qualification of jockeys, etc.; registered trainers, jockeys, coloprs, etc. On Tuesday last the following stakes were -- paid over to the winners at the late Geelong meeting : — Sires' Produce Stakes — Mr. E. De Mestre, Navigator, £848 ; Sir T. Elder, Guesswork, £50. Mares' Produce Stakes — Mr. W. Branch, Royal Maid, £320 ; Mr. B. Howie, Koh-i-noor, £50. Geelong Gold Cnp — Mr. E,De Mestre, Guinea, £285; Mr. J. Cowell, Ween, £25. Trial Stakes, Mr. D. M'Pherson, Santa Clans, £65 ; Handicap Hurdle Race, Mr. M. Loughlin, King of Trumps, £87; Connewarre Plate, Mr. J. Whittingham, My Lord, £60 ; Grand Stand Stakes, Sir T. Elder, Baron von Mueller, £90 ; Barwon Stakes, Sir T. Elder, Guesswork, £100 ; Selling Stakes, Mr. J. Wilson, Brano, £40. Geelong Handicap — Mr. H. Fisher,. Courtenay, £205 ; Mr. O. G. Baldock, Wellington, £20. Handicap Steeplechase, Mr. P. Glenister, £120 ; Stewards' Parse, Mr. D. S. Wallace, Napper Tandy, £102. Messrs. Clere, Fink, and Co., of the Bnlloo River (says the Queenslander ), have recently purchased a three-year-old brown colt, got by Patriarch out of Fairy, by Panic, her dam Flying Doe, by the Premier (imported) out of Wilhelmina by Romeo, out of Moss Rose by Roub's Emigrant. He was bred by Mr. Henry Phillips, at Bryan O'Lynn, and I hear that he is a handsome powerful colt on short legs, which, combined with his excellent breeding, should render him a great acquisition to the Bulloo district. A grand handicap shooting match will take place at Brighton Park on Friday, the 10th March. Conditions and all particulars will be fonnd in oar advertising columns. The nominations for the Shepparton races, which are to take place on the 16th inst., closed on Monday last, and the result most be considered a very satisfactory one. Eight horses have been entered for the Hnrdle Race. twelve for the Shepparton Handicap, and ten for the Flying Handicap. The following are the latest scratchings in connection with the autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club : — Australian Cup — Royal Consort, Progress. Newmarket Handi cap— Darebin, Progress. Ascot Vale Stakes — Segenhoe, Bow Bells, Sonbrette The Geelong Racing Clnb meeting was brought to a termination on Saturday last, but the intense heat, coupled with a rather poor programme, had the effect of making the attendance, both from Melbourne as well as the surroundiqg district, very small. Guesswork was greatly fancied for the Barwon Stakes, bnt he only managed to beat Sylvanus in the last few strides for first place. Backers of horses sustained an un expected repulse in the Selling Stakes, as Glad Tidings, upon whom the odds of 5 to 2 were freely laid, was easily beaten by Bruno, who could not even obtain a place in the Connewarre Plate on the previous Thursday. The gentlemen who are always prepared to take the odds from the bookmakers sustained another reverse in the Mares' Produce Stakes, for after the first favourite (Coriolanns) and Koh-i-noor had each in torn looked dangerous, Royal Maid went to the front in the last fifty yards, and very cleverly landed the stakes. Pell Mell was made an immense favourite for the Geelong Handicap, bnt, strangely enough, he ran last all the way. This running was too bad to be true, and shows that the home must have been a little " off," a tact which the handicappers in the future will doubtless bear in mind. The race was won in fine Btyle by Courtenay, the property of that thorough sportsman, Mr. Hurtle Fisher, with Wel lington second, and Napper Tandy third. The Steeplechase was a regular gift to the South Australian bred mare Lucy, and an indifferent day's racing was brought to a con clusion with the Stewards' Parse, which fell to Napper Tandy, after a desperate race with Baron Von Mueller, Diamond taking third place. Messrs. W. C. Ytdlle and Co. have sold the well-known racehorse Afghan to an Indian buyer. They have also sold the colt by Tubal Cain from Ace of Hearts to go to Queens land. 11 Owners dissatisfied with the weights allotted their horses in the Australian Cup and -Newmarket Handicap can retire from the contest by paying £6 before 4 p.m. on Monday next. By telegram from Sydney on Wednesday we learn that the A J.C. accepted nomination of Secundus for Sydney Cap ; weight 8st 41b. The entries for the Wangaratta Hurdle Race and Wangaratta Handicap dose on Wednesday next, 8th February, therefore im> tending nominators should bear this in mind. Owners and trainers of horses engaged in the Launceston Cup, etc., should remember that acceptances are due on Tuesday next, at 4 p.m. . Mr. C. M. Lloyd's horses— SwiyeUsr and The Marchioness — under the carethl manage- ment of Walter Hickinbotham, take tfasi&rt; departure for Hobart on Wednesday next, to fulfil their engagements on the Tastoanlsn1 ; turf. We wish the respected- owner and thrirJ painstaking trainer every success. The handicaps for the V. A-T.O. loebBDri from the hands of Mr. Barnard oki itotilky last, and, as usual, exception was taken to some of the imposts imposed ; but there is every probability of more than one exciting contest taking place. The Hurdle Bace has Sing of Tramps, Game, Jack, Rhesus, Hyllos, and Black Prince in it, and whichever Mr. Trfinghlin decides on starting, that one, Jack, or Hyllus ought to catch the eye of the judge first. For the Oakleigh Handicap, Wood lands, Pawnbroker, Zambesi, Dougalston, Ween, and Bar One look best to me ; I fancy the winner will turn up in either Zambesi, Ween, or Bar One. The St. Valentine's Handicap ought to be placed to tbe credit of Nadgee, The Ghost, or Harp of, Erin. There are seven for the Steeplechase, and should Hieroglyph stand up, he ought to make the pace a cracker ; but I fancy the winner will turn up in Skylark or old Abdallah, the former for choice, although the grey is s. , 'tradesman over the big sticks. The entries for the Benalla race meeting j close at 9 p.m. next Tnesday, the 7th inst. — namely, the Flying, District, and Hurdle Handicaps. Mr. VowleB is the handicapper. Mr. Fennelly, finding that Segenhoe was growing very faBt, and considering that if he persevered with the colt in his training to f ulfil his autumn engagements he wonld be jeopardising his future prospects, deemed it I prudent to scratch him for the Champagne, I Great Foal, and Sires' Produce Stakes at the I A.J.C. Autumn Meeting, which was done at I 11 ajru on , the 28ta January. From J the Australian Sportsman of the 1st inst., I 1 learn that after all there is every pro- bability of Segenhoe putting in an appear- 1 ance for his V.B.C autumn engagements, as I Mr. Fennelly has decided to remove the horse I to Melbourne to prepare him for them, hence the pen being put through his name for all his A.J.G. two-year-old engagements. It will be a treat worth seeing to witness a contest between him and Navigator once more. Since penning the above, Segenhoe has, I find, been scratched for the Ascot Vale Stakes. The Sydney Town and Country Journal informs me that Falmouth's brother, which was purchased at Mr. A. Town's sale by Mr. Gannon, is now in Mr. J. Dargin's stable at Richmond, where Falmouth is also located, and Segenhoe's brother is under the charge of Mr. W. Forrester, at Warwick Farm, Liverpool. Yosemite has been thrown out of training.. The Victorian Trotting Club have decided that the opening meeting of the club shall take place at Elsternwick Park, on Saturday, lBt April. There is to be contested a Maiden Plate, of 50 sovs., one mile heats, best two j in three ; V.T.C. Trotting Stallion Bace, of ; 100 sovs., with a sweep of 15 sovs. each, one j mile heats, best two in three ; and a Purse of 100 sovs., open, or free to all, one mile heats, best three in five. These trotting competi tions ought to bring together big fields, and secure a large assemblage of the sporting fraternity and the general public, as the club is managed by skilled gentlemen. Mr. A. F. Bradshaw has kindly acceded to the wish that he would act as starter at the Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting, which takes place on Saturday next, 11th inst. Result and Tourmaline, the property of Mr. A. K. Finlay, are located at their birth place — Glenormiston. The change, it is hoped, will be of great service to them. They are oontinuing their training under able super vision. The general entries and final payments made for the Cup and Steeplechase at the Tasmanian Jockey Club meeting close at the secretariats of the V.R.C., A.J.C., or S.A. J.C., and with the secretary of the T. J.C., Hobart, on 6th February. General entries must be made for the 1 Ararat meeting on Wednesday, 8th inst. On Tuesday last the handicaps for the | . Sydney Gold Cup and Hawkesbury Handicap I made tbeir appearance. In the issue of I The Weekly Times of next week, I will treat j with the chances I consider the several j horses have of appropriating the rich prizes. By cablegram from New Zealand it appears j that the Wellington Cup was run for on ( Thursday, and resulted as follows : — Hilda (6st 41b), i ; Salvage (6st 61b), 2 ; The Poet (Get 91b), 3. The finish was close and very exciting, Hilda only winning By a bare half- head. Time, 3min. 45 see. Mr. Joseph Thompson has arranged for a special train for the Ararat races, which will take place on Thursday and Friday next. The train will leave Spencer street at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, returning from Ararat at 8.30 p.m. on Friday. The following news, clipped from the New York Spirit of the Times , will doubtless be of interest: — "Sale of Thoroughbreds. — W. C. Heme, Lexington, Ky., recently sold the following to go to Australia: — Laraminta, bay filly, 3 yrs, by Longfellow — Miss Meekin, by Knight of St. ' George : Arimanta, bay filiy, 2 yre, by Foster — Miss Meekin ; Alva, bay fiiiy, 1 year, by King Baw (imported) ; Viegie, bay filly, 1 year, by Fellowcraft — Bonnie Kate, by Knight of St. George ; Lizzie B., bay filly, 1 year, by Foster — Auna, by Mickey Free. Mr. Franek, of totalis ator fame, intends lecturing on the advantages of his " instru ment" at the Athen&um; on Tuesday next. Books have been opened on the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap, but the only business done has been in doubles, at 1,000 to 3, and in some instances 1,000 to 2 has been laid. . 