fog fjottrngg, THE holidays hare come and gone, and, so far as the weather is concerned, nothing could hare been more delightful. The general prosperity has enabled the great bulk of the community to go in most heartily for enjoyment, and right well they hare availed themselves of the opportunity. It was most satisfactory to note, in our principal towns and cities, how few people overstepped the bounds of moderation. In public, at all events, few drunkards were to be sees, and, save in a few instances where the irrepressible larrikin as usual made himself a nuisance, the demeanour of tbe community was all that could be desired. This is oer- tainly satisfactory, the more so as the good behaviour of the masses is not due to the fact that they have not the means of indulging their passions and appetites. I suppose there must be a class of people who read the writings of sporting prophets,and who study the training.notes and the sporting information given in the papers. If there were not readers space would not be devoted to these things, nor would newspaper conductors spend money in paying touts and tipsters and others of that ilk. But, seeing how seldom it is that any of these men manage to select the winner of a big race, I should think the gentle public would get tired of putting money on their prophecies, and invest their earnings or savings in some more profitable and legitimate manner. In the Champion Eace, run on Monday, only six horses started. The tipsters usually name three, yet of all the prdphets in the Melbourne papers not one of them picked either first or second horse. In like manner, although Zulu, the winner of the Melbourne Cup, was trained at Flemington before all' the touts, amateur and professional, not one of them mentioned him as having a ghost of a show. After this I should say that the sporting prophets would find their occupations gone. But I suppose not. The gambling spirit is strongly implanted in human nature, and, therefore, I fear that monster sweeps and tipsters will alike flourish. The large attendance at the cricket match between the All-England Eleven and a combined Australian eleven shows how deeply the game has taken root in these colonies. The play itself ulso shows what wonderful strides the game has made with us. It is not many years since an English eleven could easily beat a colonial eighteen. Now a combined eleven gives them all their work to do. For my own part I do not aee much in cricket. At the same time I have a wholesome respect for any kind of manual exercise which tak^s boys and men away from the street corners and bars and keeps them in the open air. This cricket does, and if the game can but resist the contamination of the betting ring, it is likely to do good service in the physical traiuing of our youth. At the same time care should be taken to impress on the rising generation that the real aim of life is not to be a crack bat, a clever bowler, or a brilliant field. There is just a trifle too much disposition evinced by our J young men to hold King Muscle in undue estimation, and to pay too much respect to him at the expense of higher aims and nobler objects. It is not often that a magistrate speaks out so plainly as did one of the great unpaid at one of the suburban courts last week. It appears that a cabman was summoned for assaulting 3 rival knight of the whip who was endeavouring to get hold of the opposition's passengers, and got thrashed for it. Whereupon the magistrate remarked, "You were a stupid fellow, for the other man is bigger than you are. It is not likely that he would stand your trying to get passengers from him, and it is only natural that he should punch your head under the circumstances. Before doing it you ought to have looked which was the bigger man." Now there may not be much law in his Worship's remarks, but there is a deal of common sense. If ever fisticuffs are inevitable, before proceeding to them it is well just to run your eye over your opponent's proportions and see how they compare with your own. He was a smart lad, and his kind papa had taken him on a fishing expedition. But as bites were not plentiful, young Australia soon voted fishing a bore. A younger brother, who accompanied them, made several efforts to speak, but was checked by papa. At last, in sheer desperation, the little one cried, " Why is it necessary to keep silence wlien you are fishing ?" Why, stupid," replied young hopeful, " how are you to catch the fish except with baited breath ?" and papa applauded. No wonder our youngsters are precocious. TAPLEY. IT will be seen from onr advertising columns that a public meeting will be held in the Oddfellows Hall, Hamilton, on Saturday evening, to express sympathy with the Buffering Irish people, whose liberties are trampled down under - martial law, and whose daughters are consigned to bastiles for relieving the destitute. Mr. Peirce Healy, the representative of the Victorian Oentral committee of the Irish National Land League, will attend and address the meeting. 