THE BOHEMIAN. There is no doubt that a want of balance in a man's brain is, in the larger sense of the term, an insanity. A gross incapacity foi measuring the proportion between means and ends is of this nature, ana we should all say a man was mad who sought to fell an ox with a straw. A similar sort of insanity occurs in those far more frequent coses where a man gradually delivers himself up as a slave to desire3 without measuring the chances of then- tafe gratification. It is usually a slow process, and begins with slender successes and encouragements, met by resistances each weaker than its predecessor. At last the man becomes the victim of a dominant desire, and his reason, though active and orderly with regard to most things, is not only powerless to resist the master idea, but becomes its willing slave. A great deal of crime may be accounted for in this way. Not that profes donal crime which a man is brought up to [rom infancy, for the apprentice has no op portunities of an honest living, and takes ilmost from duty to the non-commercial ac piBition of wealth, which has hitherto been the mainstay of his family. Not the whole of those offences which are done in secret, like cheating or poisoning, for often the chances and modes of success are carefully calculated, the object to be attained may be reasonable in ita dimensions, and the very Becresy of the offence precludes the acquisi tion of honour from it. There are some men who have a perpetual loyeof cheating forcheating's sake ; but itiain crimes which gratify revenge or lead to notoriety that one oftenest sees the baneful effects of desires allowed to become dominant. Apart from the nigger crowd, which, as is usual at Washington, formed the bulk of the audience at Guiteau's trial, and whose 'cheeraand laughter' were echoed by the telegraph over Europe, there were a few intelligent white men who attended from day to day, and the opinion which grew up in their minds as the trial proceeded was that 'the monstrous thirst for notoriety which absorbed the prisoner's whole being was the real explanation of the murder.' In a provincial town I knew a lady of good family and bad character who was admitted into the best societj of the place. Her love of notoriety was intense. If she received a compliment, no matter how gross, she would repeat and publish it with eagerness. If she could be advertised and talked of it did not matter in what connection, and she made several un successful attempts— as such women usually lo— to set men quarrelling about her. Her rambling tastes continually obliged her to borrow to pay her debts of dishonour, and at last she was indicted and sentenced to six months' imprisonment for obtaining money by false pretences from an honourable and :haritable man. The proudest day of her life fras when she stood in the dock, and the only abjection that she raised to the proceedings was that her counsel did not throw out a few mggestions— untrue though they would have been— that her victim was enraptured with tier personal charms. As to crimes of revenge, it is astonishing how carefully many apparently worthy people nurse a tendency towards them. In spite of a distinct authoritative statement that vengeance is the prerogative of a higher power, these people seem to think that their self-respect requires to avenge the chief injuries they receive. Whether the revenge ful man has any idea that on mere economical grounds the gratification of his desires is im possible I know not. I have once or twice pointed out to such men that a traveller would never reach his destination if he were to stop to pursue and slay every beast that molested him and his horses on the way, but the dominant idea seemed to hold itself superior to all considerations of pru lence. The boast of beius reven3eful is, as I have discovered, a sort of little tribute to self, md you vei/ often tee it in men who have aot otherwise much to boast of. They usually look at you fixedly, and speak somewhat on this wise: — 'I never forget or forgive an. injury, Sir. I always remember a kindness, but when a man has wilfully injured me I am bis implacable enemy. I follow like a hound upon his track, I gloat over his reverses, watch ?with joy his deepening furrows telling' of the ravages of secret remorse, and were it not for the law, Sir, I would steal up to him in the dead of night, plunge my dagger in his back, and stretch him, a bleeding corpse, iipon the pavement. Now, there's Johnson. You know how he has treated me. Well, for thirty-four years I have haunted him like a ghost. I have ruined his chances of election, I have prosecuted his son'— and so on, as long as one chooses to listen. I suppose there are some people who are impressed with this kind of advertisement, or such gratuitous disclosures of hidden motives would not be so frequent. One odd instance occurred to me not long ago of a man whose self-love led . liim to ideas of vengeance, and who employed Iris wits upon it most methodically. A young man who had had a love affair in the city bad broken his arm and collar-bone in a fall [rom his horse coming down from the up :ountry. My landlady received him, and, aal . tvashis friend, I volunteered to let him sleep in - my room so that 1 might attend upon him luring the night. All the afternoon he sat solitary and morose ; sometimes smoking his [ripe, sometimes scowling, clenching his ' teeth, and nodding ever and anon to himself, is though he was arranging something in his mind. He seemed to me like Achilles who, ' when suffering under the injustice of the kings, sat down by the resounding sea re volving many things in his shaggy bosom. Ee went to bed in the same silent mood, and [ promised myself, at all events, a night )f rest. But in the middle of the night, he woke me up. ' Bohemian,' said he, ' are pou asleep ?' ' Certainly not,' I answered ; '?' can I do anything *for you 2' ' Yes,' he arid; 'light a pipe; I want you to consider 1 question that I have been think ing about all day. My luck has been so much against me that I've made up my mind to stand it no longer. I mean to kill myself.' I suggested mildly that he had better not do it then, as it would cause incon renience and alarm, and would ill repay the hospitality he was receiving. In short, that ? if he could not kill himself like a gentleman, so as to cause no trouble at all, the next best thing was to do it in the house of an enemy, [usually take threats of self-destruction in this way, finding it the most efficacious. But, to my astonishment, he told me that my last suggestion was the very thing he had been thinking of; but, to make the revenge more complete, be meant tohave his enemy hanged for murdering him. ' It's that scoundrel, Sloper,' he said. 'He has mined my happiness by standing between me and his daughter, and I mean to be avenged. Now, what do you think of this plan ? I steal his pistol and load it with his ammunition. I am not known to buy any . immunition myself. . I quarrel with him ' publicly one day and get him to threaten me, meet him the next night, walk iicay from him, in front of him, bold the pistol in my left hand and blow any brains out from behind. The people [rill see that the piBtol and bullet were his, that he bore me enmity, that I fled from him, md that the clumsy, fool had put the pistol into my hand to suggest the idea of suicide, md in his haste had chosen the wrong hand ; for I'm a ripht-handed man. They'll hang liim, Sir, and richly he'll deserve it,' I told my friend that if he could invent a clever plan like that, he was a sort of fellow to get dd, and no doubt his luck would turn ; that [would not presume hurriedly to criticise a scheme so carefully matured by a man of such talent, but that no plan could be re- ' yarded as perfect until the inventor had slept aver it. I then gave him some very soothing medicine, after which he proposed that we ' 3hould go to sleep and consider the matter in - the morning. . _ . It was not many months afterwards that my young friend, who had long since been cured, once more returned from up- country. He looked rather thin and anxious about the face ; he wore a frown which waa not deep, but was continuous, and his.'eycs ? Beemed contracted and dull. I followed him ; to the stable,, and, when he had -unsaddled and fed his horse, he turned round to me and said in a half whisper :— 'I've squared it up : with old Sloper at last. All his capital, as you know, was invested in the up-coantry j store, and not a rag of the stock was insured, ; Sir.' ' You've burnt his store down,' said L ? 'No; I have not,' he said. 'I came and found it oh fire when the men were away at dinner. A few buckets of water would hare put it out, but, instead of getting the water, I left the door open and went to fetch the neighbours, and by the time they had .come the fire . had got too much -hold, and we soon used up all the water, and the whole concern was burnt to . a cinder. I suppose a man can't be tried and sent to gaol for not throwing a few buckets of water on to a fire, nor for not shutting the door?' 'I believe not,' I answered; 'it is only an omission.' ? ' Well, then,' said he, ' 111 go and condole .-vi: h old Sloper. Won't I just dance round him, and lament that my thoughtfulness and activity were not stimulated by his friendship! Won't he be a picture ? Do you think you could come with me f 'It would be difficult for me,' I answered, 'to participate in your triumph over old -Sloper, however pleasing it might be from a dramatic or Christian point of view, for old ? Sloper died last night.' c* Old Sloper dead ? Did he die suddenly, or did he die in misery and remorse — ?a long, lingering death -of bodily and mental torture:'' 'He died suddenly,' I ?said, 'and your vengeanceis doubly thwarted, for his will, which will go in for proof in a day or two, left all bis property to his daughter, subject to a small annuity to the widow, who, as you know, was favourable to -your marrying the girL A few buckets of water would have saved from poverty the woman you profess to love best in the world. As things are she will have to go out to service and help to keep her mother out of her earnings ; but I suppose it will make no difference to you if your attachment is genuine ? I presume you would go groom if she went housemaid ? You often see adver tisements, you know, for a respectable married couple' ? I believe he would have struck me, but I suddenly reminded him it was lunch time and walked away. 