DAIRYING IS SOUTH AUSTRALIA. A special reporter of the Adelaide Observer writes of a viEit to the dairying district of that colony. We take the following from his letter:— At Mount Pleasant I found a con veyance awaiting me, and at once started east ward for MulIendeUa, about six miles away. Everywhere the soil is covered with a thick growth of grass and herbs, which, though short at present^ is very rich and mttritj^ttfy and wfll spring np with the warm weather until it is knee-high, or even higher in some favourable spots. The land is generally too strong for wheat^rowing, but there are many of the settlers who pick out little patches npon which to grow a little wheat. The hold ings are almost all of considerable extent, varying from 300 np to 1000 acres — some even more than that — and a very large nomber of these are enclosed with hedges of whin or gorge, sometimes called furze, giving the whole country a most English.like appearance. On the roadside I noticed several nice little fields of peas and a few patches of wheat and hay, but as a rule the whole country, comprising hundreds of thousands of acres, is devoted to grazing purposes. Although most admirably adapted for horticultural pursuits. I saw very few gardens of any note in the vicinity, but these were sufficient to give evidence that there iB ample scope for a large industry in fruit- growing. Raspberries, strawberries, apricots, apples, and all the fruits that- can be grown only in the cooler districts with profit can be grown here, and flowers and vegetables also to almost any extent. Mr. G. Melrose is more of a eheepfarmer than a dairyman, for whilst he grazes many ihouBanda of Merinos of high quality he keeps but a few cows of a rough character. He spoke with great distinctness, however, upon the capabilities of the country for supporting a dairying popula tion, and scouted the idea of its not paying handsomely to any one possessing industrious natnts ana a utae imowleage or we arc ot muting cheese and butter. Indeed, he re marked that without the dairy sot oae of the hundreds of prosperous fanners in that part of the country could have remahiM upon the land. Arrived at Mr. Tapscotf a I was received very kindly by him, and at once inducted into the art and mystery of daiir-farming in South Australia. I do not mesa to Bay that he showed me the whole oC the onerataaos at JHiee, for that would be impossible, but without delay be began a course of instruction which occupied three days to complete. He proved to be a bluff hearty farmer, possessing a large amount of information npon many subjects, and endowed with a perennial stream of con versation of a most entertaining character. His farm consists of about 800 acres of well-] grassed but very stony land, of a hOly1 character, with some immense boulders of granite, and most romantic seenery. There are a great many springs npon the property, and the water as a rule is of first-class quality. There are a few she oaks growing on the hills, but in the flats there are numbers of greygums that have been dead for years and years, their white bleached trunks and long arms stand ing, out like the ghosts of a departed forest From the tops of tbe hills a most extensive view is gained to the eastward over tbe Reedy Creek Special Survey of 20,000 seres of s, similar character, and further over is seen the Murray Flats, with mile npon mfle of farms, extending from north to sonth, bounded by the scrub, through which the Murray river winds its course. The river is fourteen mile* distant from Mullendella Creek, and can be plainly discerned, looking like a silver streak amidst the sombre tnallee scrub. The town ship of Palmer is not very far distant from tiie boundary of the farm — about six miles — and to this place the children have to walk every day for their schooling— a feat which may be described as the pursuit of knowledge under difficulties. The dwelling-house is built in a sheltered place, with a steep hill at the bai*fr. and si spring Tunning in front. There is a nice little kitchen-garden attached, and an orchard with from 100 to 150 trees in it Mr. Tapscott is the happy fatber of fonrteen children, thirteen of whom are alive, and several have been started upon farms on their own account. The whole of this large family have been reared and placed out by the aid of dairy farming, and he says that he cannot but speak in tbe highest terms of the industry that has enabled him to achieve so satisfactory a result. Whilst wheatgrowers have failed year after year to make a competence or to live in comfort, the dairy-farmers in the district (and there are hundreds of them) have all lived npon tbe fat of the land, have raised large families, and besides adding block after block 01 land to their possessions, have amassed con siderable sums of money. From a personal inspection I note an appearance of tbe greatest comfort and prosperity amongst the people, and everyone that I Bpoke to testified to the fact that dairy-farming was a much more certain and profitable undertaking than wheat growing. When I spoke of the diffi culty of making cheese in summer they laughed at the idea, and said that it was as easy to make good cheese in summer as in winter if it were made in a proper build ing, but there was a good possibility of malrtng a failure of it if attempted in the open air daring the hot weather. A great number of those who began as dairymen soon acquired sufficient means to add largely to- their area of latfil^ and then they either considerablv de sbeep, or gave np dairying altogether on account of the incessant attention required to keep up with the dairy work. Even Mr. Tapscott hinuelf has decreased bis herd of cows from nearly hundred to about eighteen, and he does not torn ont a fourth of the cheese and butter now that be used to do a few years ago. He explains his motives for doing this in the fact that his wife, who was his principal assistant, has met with an accident by which her eyesight became impaired, his eldest sons and daughters have been married and settied on farms of their own. and now he is not bo inclined to toil from 4 o'clock in Hib morning till dark at night to fl'inflff wealth for chil dren, who wfll be mnch happier for having to labour a little for themselves ; and each ot them will be, or has been, started with suffi cient to enable them to earn a competency {To be continued.) 