YASS PASTORAL & AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION. The improvement committee of the above _ association held a meeting on Wednesday last, and it was decided to proceed at once with the improvements and additions to the sheep shed. The special prize list is nearly completed, and the schedule will be ready for publication after the next meeting of the general committee. Since the last meeting Messrs. Maiden, Hill, and Clark, of Sydney, Messrs. P. and J. Brassill, and Mr. J. Cottrell have offered special prizes, and Air. J. B. Sharp has again presented the association with his annual gift of the Cliftonwood Cup, which is this year open for competition by exhibitors, who have not succeeded in winning it on two occasions. Appointment. — Mr. P. J. Moore, of Yass, has been appointed warder in the gaol at Young. Catholic. — His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan will arrive in Yass from Goul burn this afternoon, and it is expected that he will preach in St. Augustine's Church on next Sunday. Surgical Operation. — Mrs. O'Donnell, of North Yass, has been suffering for a consider able time with a sore chest, and finally she proceeded to Sydney to bring herself under the notice of the most skilful medical talent in the colony. Upon her arrival in Sydney it was found that she was suffering from a cancer in the breast, and last week she underwent the operation of having the cancer extracted. The operation was most successfully performed in the presence of eleven ot the leading physicians of Sydney, and Mrs. O'Donnell is now pro gressing as favourably as can be expected from the circumstances of her case. The Bishop of Melbourne on Heaven. — In the cource of a sermon preached on Sun day last by Dr. Moorhouse, that distinguished prelate is reported by the Argus to have said ; " There are many really learned men in the present day who know about the' Word of God little more than superstitious old wives did of fables and accounts which they had heard in the nursery. He said this out of charity to them, because if it were not so it would be totally impossible to explain the ridiculous mistakes into which they are continually falling. In the days when these learned men were young the ordinary Christian would tell them that the Gospel came to teach them the way to heaven, and it questioned further he would probably say that the end of his labour and the object of his hopes beyond this world, was the getting to heaven. No wonder that that was legarded as a mean and contemptible Christianity — ' an other worldliness.' That, however, was not New Testament teaching. The kingdom of God was not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. The Kingdom of God within a man consisted in the regulation of his feelings, impulses, thoughts, words, and deeds, so that his life was animated and inspired by love to God and man. Heaven was not a place merely ; it was the state of the soul towards God ; and if a man tried to gain it as a reward, and merely from selfish motives the act shut it out from him, for that belonged to the op posite of the Kingdom of God — not to heaven, but to hell." Flagrant Dummying. — The Sydney Echo of Tuesday last says :— Flagrant Dummying is the term applied by the best informed people of Dubbo to the rapid settlement going ,'on under the Lands Alienation Act. It sounds | ugly, and really seems almost uncalled for. There is an element of charity about this settle ment which merits commendation rather than censure. It finds a place for old men, other than the benevolent asylum or the Murrum- bidgee bends, keeps them in comfort and out of sight, and free of any cash expenditure by the State. There is one pastoralist near Dubbo who has 12 old men, all up to 70 years of age, and each one of those -bid men has taken up a selection and made a will. How beneficent has the land law been to them ! Imagine the contrast between an old man with a good, clean hut and bed, and a will in a lawyer's strong box in town, and 640 acres of freehold land, and any amount of sheep on the acres, and an understanding with the squatter as to when and how the sheep should be shorn, and another with a battered old billy and a tattered old blanket and surroundings that would disgrace a Warrego black. The land law and the beneficent squatter have made that change. The old man is taken out of his misery and poverty, and kept comfortable for three solid years at, a cost of 640 acres of land, worth possibly 640. All the squatter has to do is to be careful in the .selection of his men ; they ought to die inside .the three years ; if they live too long, they may become obstinate, and by selling the land' to the publican for rum, rob themselves of their comforts and the squatter of his reasonable reward. The squatter, indeed, is at some considerable dis advantage, and it seems that the matter might be managed much better by the State. If the old men like/ dummying and if it pays to keep them dummying, then in lieu of a benevolent asylum let us have a great dummying estab lishment — a huge State pastoral concern, with iron huts, (that can ' easily be shifted,', and a ! central graveyard with a sexton "and a priest ! always ready, and a lawyer with a strong box ' to keep the wills, and a J.P. to take the depo- i sitions. /The thing must be respectable, or such very respectable people would surely shun it. j It is all a mistake to suppose that it is mixed up with lying thieving and swindling. Bring it out to the light and sanc- | tion and sanctify it. It is evidently too big to be either killed or cured, and might just as well he used. There appear to be immense j possibilities in the thing. If the squatter can afford to keep the old man those years for 640 acres of land,' surely the state can, and then when the old man dies the land comes back to the state, so that the whole transaction is one of absolute gain and profit. Shut up the asylums, and apply for a good station manager; a new era dawns on us : we shall need .eleemosynary institutions no more. v Shocking Suicide of an Actress. — The Cape Town papers to 27th June, received' by the steamer Potosi, contain an account of the suicide of Mrs. Fulton, known professionally as Miss Sally D'Angelis, who was a member of the Loftus troupe which visited the colonies some time ago. It appears that she discharged a pistol inside her hotel one evening, about a week before she committed the rash deed. She and her husband, who is also a member of the troupe, retired as usual. Early in the morning she dressed and left the house in company with another member of the troupe, named Butler. The pair drove to the docks, and endeavoured to take passage by the steamer Suez ror Australia, but were not taken on hoard, being unable to pay the passage money. They requested . to be landed at Blaauwberg Beach, but this could not be done owing to the surf, and eventually they were landed at the Central Wharf. Later in the day. Miss D'Angelis was found by her husband, and she appeared witli the troupelnlTfarewell performance. The evidence given at the inquest was to the effect that Mrs. Fulton was alone in her bedroom at the hotel on the evening prior to the day on which the company was to leave Cape Town, and about S o'clock a noise was heard in the room. Her husband, brotheis, and others rushed into the room and found her stretched on the ground. She died immediately, the bullet having penetrated her side, and being only stopped by the skin from passing out at her back under the shoulder. Coach Accident. — The following par ticulars of the serious accident to the Araluen coach, on Friday last, are given in the Braid- wood Dispatch : — " As the coach was going down the mountain, about half a mile the other side of Blatchford's turning, the off hind wheel broke down in passing round a curve, and' the whole of the passengers, numbering seven (including the driver), were thrown out. The two male passengers (Mr. Charles Kelsey and Mr. John Allen) appear to have come to the ground with the greatest force, Mr. Kelsey being pitched upon his head alongside the coach and severely cut about the face and forehead, besides having his arm broken. Mr. Allen was pinned down to the ground with the back of the coach resting upon him, and unable to move. The other passengers were ladies, one a sister-in-law of Mr. Kiss, of Bega, to Which place she was returning from Sydney, and the others being Miss Harkus and the two Miss Coxens, all of Moruya. The only one of the ladies injured was the younger Miss Coxen, who was rendered insensible Her sister ran at once to Mr. Blatchford's for assistance, and returned with Mrs. and the Miss Blatchford's, Miss Aldcorn, and a servant boy with wine and other restoratives. Miss Coxen, the younger, had not recovered her senses when they got there, but was gradually restored, when she was found not to be seriously injured, and Mr. Allen had only just been liberated from his perilous position by the coachman, William Clarke, who, to secure Mr. Allen's safety from further injury, had first to take out his horses before attending to him, Mr. Kelsey being powerless to render any assistance. It is a fortunate thing that no lives were lost. The coachman, and indeed the ladies as well, especially Miss Coxen, be haved admirably throughout." Mr. John Lucas, and the National Park Trust — The National Park trustees held a meeting on Thursday, when they passed a resolution to the effect that the explanation made by Mr. Lucas as to certain purchases of timber and wire was unsatisfactory, The Honorable John Lucas sent his resignation in, and it was accepted at the same meeting. — Evening News. The Examination and Classification ok .Teachers. — A change of some little import ance, in connection with the examination and classification of teachers, has just been brought into force by the Minister of Public Instruc tion, after much anxious attention and many consultations with the Under Secretary and other officers during many months past. According to the regulations of the department, the classification of a teacher depends partly upon his literary abilities and partly upon his practical skill, as tested in one case by the marks he obtains in an oral and written examination, and in the other case by the riiarks awarded to him by an inspector after actual examination of the working of the school. With regard to the latter test 10,000 marks were required to be absolutely obtained to enable a teacher to attain the highest grade, 9060 were required for the next lower step, 8000 for the next, and so on. It has now been arranged by the Minister that in the case of the top grade, all other things being equal, a teacher may be admitted who gets anything over 800 will qualify for the second, and so on. At the same time steps have been taken to ensure that the inspectors shall in all cases have as nearly as possible a uniform standard of efficiency ; such standard being fixed by the Chief Inspector, in consultation with the district and local inspectors. These con cessions will, it is thought, be greatly to the advantage of the teachers, without permitting any depreciation of the standard of excellency required. Grafton Bank Robbery. — A telegram to the Evening News from/ Grafton, dated Mon day, states : — Three men have been arrested for the bank robbery— M'Bride, the account ant ; Wilcox, a clerk in'Mr. Norres's (solicitor) office ; and a young man in a store at South Grafton. Two thousand seven hundred and forty-five ppunds have been recovered. The men will be brought up to-day. One is said to have turned approver. The third person con nected with the Grafton bank robbery is a young man named George Savage. The money was found under an old house at South Grafton. It is said the police were on the right scent from the first. To-day the three individuals — Angus M'Alpine M'Bride, George Savage, and Owen Wilcox — were brought before the Grafton bench of magistrates, charged with having committed the robbery, when it trans pired that Wilcox and Savage were arrested by sub-inspector Kerrigan. M'Bride was ' ar rested at Lawrence. The prisoners were re manded till to- morrow. They are all respect ably connected. Savage had been managing the store of O'Brien and Kearney, at Nana Creek, and only came to Grafton on a visit on Wednesday last. His employers had placed the utmost confidence in his integrity. The whole affair has created a great sensation here. A later telegram states that when Owen Wilcox and George Savage returned to South Grafton from a short excursion, two constables in plain clothes were watching their move ments, and the upshot was that Savage was arrested last night. Wilcox was afterwards interviewed by Inspector Kerrigan and Mr. Lodge, the manager of the branch at Grafton. Wilcox was informed that Savage had divulged, and he at once made a clean breast of the whole affair, telling them where the money was secreted. The police searched the place indicated and found the plant, less £150, under the house ot a man named Dennis. He was arrested this morning. M'Bride was also arrested this morning at his father's residence near Lawrence. The three (two of them are mere boys) were brought before the Bench immediately, at the instance of Inspector Kerrigan and Sergeant M'Cormack, when they were remanded until to-morrow. Both Wilcox and M'Bride are well connected, the latter being accountant of the bank at South Grafton. — Evening News. A Wednesday's— telegram to the Echo states : — At the Police- Court to-day, Angus Alpin M'Bride, late ac couatant of the Australian Joint stock Stock Bank at South Grafton, and Wra. Wilcox, a solictor's clerk, and George Savage, were charged with the robbery of 7, the money of the bans. The court was crowded. Messrs. Hickey and Meillon, attorneys, appeared for " "M'Bride, and Mr. Footfor8avage. — The following written statement made hv M'Biide, the accountant, signed on Friday and given to Sub-inspector Kerrigan, was read in court : — " About 4 a. m. this morning a man came into my room, covered me, and told me to give up my keys. I told him that I had none. He said, 'You must have them, as youare the only person in the bank,' and told me to get up and dress, and not make any noise. We then went into the bank room, and he made me open the safe for him and give out the cash. He then made me walk out in front of him into my bedroom again and lie down on the bed. He then tied me up. He locked the back door and went out the front way. He tied a handkerchief in my mouth and tied my feet and hands to the bedposts with rope. The ropes are there now." When questioned by the Sub-inspector he said the robber fetched the ropes in his pocket, and that the robbermust have taken away the key of the front door, as it was not to be found that morning. He managed to let1 the girl know that cleans out the bank between 7 and 8 o'clock that he wanted assistance. When questioned how, he replied, " By making a noise against the wall." He said that the robber missed the cheques, which were in the voucher-box. The robber looked over the safe, and said "Is that all/3" He replied "Yes." M'Bride's narrative continued : "When he said he knew I had the keys, and that it was no use denying it, I told him that I would not give them up. The robber said that if I knew who he was, I would soon give them. I then asked him who he was. He replied, Riley, the In- verell mail robber,' and that he had been to town for 2 or 3 days." The sub-inspecter asked M'Bride why he could not have told the man that the keys were at Sedgwick's, the acting- manager. He replied," It never struck me, but I told him as good, for I said I had not got them." When asked to describe the man he said he was dressed in a large overcoat, brown felt hat, dark trousers, his appearance being that of a man between 5 feet 9 inches and s feet 10 inches, and slender built. When asked to describe the man's accent, he replied, " He spoke like all colonials, I could not tell what countryman." He said that the man got into the bank by the back door, which was never shut. He could not call out during the time, as the robber had him covered with a , revolver. Respecting the handkerchief, which was found to be M'Bride's own, he said the man had asked for it and tied the same on his mouth, then got a towel and tied that over it. He descirbed the notes lost as follows : — "There was a lot of ro-notes and 5-notes among those taken, and a lot of other bank notes, and I think over 400 in gold." He added, that he did not think he could identify any of the notes, but there was a large number of new notes that were never issued. The sub-inspector's evidence was to the effect that lie examined M'Bride's legs and wrists. The only mark was a slight one on the wrists. The sub-inspector said that a man tied as described could easily release himself by pulling out the head rail and kicking out the foot rail, to both of which the cords were tied. The sub- inspector further stated that the servant girl declared that M'Bride had distinctly called, " Maud, tell Mr. Burrowes to come." Savage, when interrogated, said he was out shooting with Wilcox on Wednesday and Thursday night, and Friday until 7 p.m. ; that they were camped the night of the robbery near Glenagie, eight miles from South Grafton. When arrested on Sunday Savage said, " Constable, you may as well have Wilcox taken now that you have me." It transpired that Savage, who manages O'Brien and Keary's stores, Nana Greek, had been in the habit of sleeping in M'Bride's room when visiting Grafton. When he returned from the shooting expedition he went to the hank premises, M'Bride's room, to change his clothes. Mr. Barton Lodge's evidence corroborated that ot the sub- inspector in reference to M'Bride's statement. In answer to Mr. Lodge he said that M'Bride described the revolver of the robber to be slightly smaller acting-manager, Mr Sedgwick, was partly heard, from which it appeared that he left the bank early on the day before the robbery, and told M'Bride to bring his key of the safe to his house, which is situated on the north side of the river. M'Bride did not do so, but between 7 and 8 next morning he called at his resi dence, and told of the robbery. About two weeks ago M'Bride told Sedgwick that he ex pected Savage down about the race week, and they were going on a shooting expedition. Prisoners were remanded till 9 o'clock to morrow. The amount ascertained to be miss ing is £2877, according to Mr. Lodge, manager of the principal branch. The deficiency is apparently £1 23. The cash recovered con sists of 890 in £10 notes, 720 in fives, £185 in singles, £499 in notes of other banks, £468 in gold, and £2 8s. in silver. This money was found secreted near Wilcox's resi dence, under an old house, which appears to have been in his charge. The prosecution state that they will call Wilcox as a witness for the prosecution, but he still stands charged with the others, and is in court. Great interest in manifested in the proceedings by the public, Willcox and M'Bride have been committed for trial. Savage was acquitted on the evidence of Wilcox. Two of the draught entires recently im ported by Mr. Bookless have just been sold. One of them, Sir Wilfred, was purchased by Mr. Thompson, Pentland-hills, for 1100 guineas, and another, Emperor, by Mr. Hos- kinson, Sydney, for rsoo guineas. Both of these horses were bred by the Earl of Ellesmere. From a return which has just been prepared by Sub-inspector Lenthall, in accordance with the 10th section of the Act, we learn that the total number of public houses in the metro politan licensing district is 927, made up as follows : — No. r district, 159 ; No. 2,262 ; No. 3, 163; No. 4, rso; No. 5 103; Penrith 10; Windsor and Richmond, r6, Parramatta and Liverpool, 53 ; Camden and Campbelltown, ir. Last quarter the total number of public- houses in the metropolitan licensing district was 943. This year there is therefore a decrease of r6. The death is announced of Mr. John Samuel Smith, of south creek, a gentleman well known in New South Wales sporting and political circles. He was tor some time member of the Legislative Assembly for Wellington, but politics were nor his forte, and he lost his seat at the last general election. He was connected with Mr. W. Long in the pro- \ prietorship of many of the most valuable \ racehorses on the colonial turf, but ill health \ compelled him to seek change of air in Eng- J land. The change, however, did not benefit J him, and he died in London on the 6th of the present month. His widow was formerly the accomplished actress Miss Kate Corcoran. In-thefirst-terrible-winterspent-by the-Pilgriins- at Plymouth, in Massachusetts, the .seeds of pulmonary diseases were planted, artd took deep root in families which became the progenitors of thousands of the American people. The prevalence of consumption, thus early developed, directed the attention of the most eminent physicians and scientific men to an investigation of its cause and the means of prevention and cure. The best results of professional studies on the subject are combined inDr. J. C. AyePs Cheery Pectoral, which is now recognised as the world's remedy for coughs, colds, consumption, and other diseases of the throat and lungs. We believe it to be absolutely certain in its remedial effect. It is a safe, pleasant and reliable remedy, and if kept on hand in every household, will prove in many cases of colds, coughs, &c.;, a means of preventing more serious results. — Richmond, Va., Religious Herald. . Sugar Coated Pills, are often but the husk or shell that covers unhealthy kernels, just as the royal robe often mantles depravity andwickedness. The worst poisons are sometimes made most palatable, and we swallow with gusto the draught that subsequently destroys. Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps is a delight ful beverage, as agreeable to the taste as its properties are beneficial to the health. Holloway's Pills.— The suddc- changes, frequent fogs, and pervading dampness sorely impede the vital functions and con luce to ill- health. The remedy for these disasters lies in some purifying medicine, like these Pills, which is competent to grapple with the mischief at its source, and stamp it out without fretting the nerves or weakening the system. Holloway's Pills extract from the blood all noxious matters regulate the action of every disorded organ, stimulate the liver and kidneys, and relax the bowels. In curing chest complaints these Pills are remarkably effective, especially when aided by friction of the Ointment on its walls. This double treatment will insure a certain, steady, and beneficent progress, and sound health will soon be re-established. How it is Donb.— Tho first object In life with American people is to " get rich the second to regain good health. Tho first can be obtained by energy, honesty, and saving : the seeond (good health) by using Green's August Flower. Should you be a despondont sufferer from any of tho effects of dyspepsia, liver complaint, indigestion, &c.;, such as sick head ache, palpitation of the heart, sour stomach, habitually costive, ness, dizziness of the hend,ncrvousprostratlon, low spirits, &c..; you need not suffer another day. Two doses of August Flower will relieve you at onco. Sample bottles, 9d. ; regular size, 4s. Cd. Positively sold by all flrst-chss druggists in Australia. Wholcsato : Itocke, Tomsitt and Co. Molbourne.— Elliott Dlo.s., Sydney. S3T £1 Fiieb Gifts !— The Proprietors of Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps, to induce the destruction and prevent tho improper use of the wrappers and labels, and thus further pro tect tho public against fraud and deception, have enclosed In tho wrappers, or under the labels of the quart bottles, since 1st October, 1S73, and continue to enclose In every day's packing throughout the year, THREE £1 ORDERS, which are drawn upon tho undersigned, and which will be cashed by them on presentation. To secure these gifts, the public must be careful to ask for, and accept nothing bat the genuine Udolpho Wolfe's Schnapps, with our name on the top label. M. Moss and Co. Wynyard-lane, Sydney. Valuaiile Discovery for the Hair. — If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it wilf. positively restore in every case grey or wMfs Aair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most " Restorers." It makes tho hair charmingly beau tiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spot' where the glands are not uccayod. Ask your chemist for " Tho Mexican llair Renewer," sold by chemists and perfumers everywhere at 3s. (id per bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33\. Farringdon Road, London. 