BAPTISM. Tm REV. B. BCTOHKES' RxptyTO Mr J. K. MACIHTIBX. » THE XEITOK OF TH* WDHH., m now oome to tl» node of barttsm. -After*leading question, 2 ssked y^ four eab-qucsboos, the first of whichWM—wil Jfr Macintyre undertake to prove 1 tepSst «» in the New Ratam immerse exclusively? I think* equal to ha promise. Of-iwertidn tiiere is « than enough; of jprool. in the proper .e rfthe term, toereSsrwOly BODe. We •retold, for instance, that "theGreek.words w«®na«idg and pouring bdoog fo » distmot family, and «re ewily distinguished from then relating to immersion! instanoe, while bapto tnay he rendered aip, "dtaptun jmmeae,rbamois theword «o- - Wrinkle,«sheoto poor, fouo w^.apd lmlWua to desnae." It Ss Tiific^ indeed, that Mr Macintyre nsei ^ tiie nnl>)iuieb<ai ^nutr* ^with ww^fe: T Mr Macintyre tells us that bap to" may" be rendered "dip." Yes, but it may be rendered "sprinkle" also. Thus, in Daniel, iv., . we tfre told that Nebuchadnezzar was ebophe (baptised)—that is, sprinkled with the dew from heaven. No rational being will assert that he was "dipped" in the dew of heaven, and yet bapto is the word used. Then, again, how Mr Macintyre can assert, as he does, that "the only meaning which the word baptizo, as contained in toeNew Testament, is susceptible of is immerse, conveying the idea of submerging, covering, overwhelming, dipping, or plunging," L cannot tell. Paul, for instance, uses the word " baptised" with respect to tlie Hebrew sople passing "dry shod" over the Red sa, and most certainly the Hebrews were neither submerged, overwhelmed, dipped, nor plunged. They were baptised, but were not immersed; while the Itvptians were immersed, but not baptised. This is surety sufficient to demonstrate that baptism, in the New Testament sense of the term, is not necessarily immersion. But let me take a more powerful illustration still, .lust prior to His ascension, onr blessed Savior said—"For John truly baptised with water, but ye shall be baptised with the Huly Ghost, not many days hence." (Acts i., 5.) Now, how was that promise fulfilled? By immersion, or by pouring? Let the Apostle Peter answer—"But this is that which was spoken by the prophet, Joel; and it shall come topass in the last days that I shall ponr out my Spirit upon all flesh,"&c; (Acts ii., 16, 18.) And again—"Having received ' of - the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, He hath shed forth this . which ye now sec and hear." (Acts ii., 33.) The Greek word nsed in both these" quotations to describe the mode of the spirit's baptism is cheo, which Mr Macintyre has correctly told ns_ signifies to pour. Hence most munist<kably, this baptism was by pouring; and yet Mr Macintyre knows no other meaning in the New Testament than that of immersion^ I confess that to me snch statements are incomprehensible. The specific Creek words for immersion were kataduo, buihizo, and cbalao; bat neither of these is ever used in the New Testament to designate baptism. The latter is the word nsed by our Saviour in His command to Peter—" Let down your nets for a draught." (Luke v. 4.) What a splendid word this would have been if immersion had been exclusively intended. "Go ye, therefore, and make disciples of all nations," " letting them down," Sc. There could have been no mistaking that. Instead, however, of a specific word like this having been used, the generic word baptizo was employed which prescribes the nse of water for baptismal purposes; bnt, in accordance with the genius of Christianity, does not ngidly prescribe the mode in which it is to be used. Before leaving this part of the subject, I must devote a few lines to the "tabulated form," which purports to show tbe meaning given to the word baptizo, ibsome twenty-four languages. This is "proving'" a point with a vengeance? What do w learn from this "tabulated form?"' Why, that the earliest and most important vermons in the world did not translate the Greek word baptizo at all, but eimply transferred it, with immaterial alterations. The earliest Latin version, and the Vulgate, both transferred the Greek work bodily, without any alteration at all. In the French, baptizo became baptisen in the Italian, baptezare, and inthe English, from Wycliffs Ujne to onr own, baptise. And yet this simple transference of the untranslated work, baptizo, is cooly produced as a part of Mr Macintyre's " overwhelming testimony in favor of-immersion!' . If the pious and able scholars who produced these versions believed that bapttzg meant "immerse," why did they hot translate it by the corresponding word for immerse, in the Latin, French, Spanish, Itahan, and English languages? To all advocates of exclusive immersion this must ever prove on insoluble mysteiy. Leaving Mr Macmtyro to ponder over it at hi leisure, I now pass on to my second question, viz., that relating to the two strongest Greek prepositions used in conjunction with baptizo. Mr .Macintyre IMS here evaHed the point He contends' that "in every instance when connected with the subject of baptism, or the word baptise, lis means into, and e£means out of." Th* 8 may be freely admitted; but then unto is not necessarily or invariably imder, ' which was the point Mr Macintyre undertook to prove. I believe that both ™up and the eunuch went«' into" the water, v TC F ot beUeve th* 1 they went " under' it II these two propositions here "connected with the subject of baptism" necesmnly imply immersion, they imply that both "nuip and the ennnch were immersed, which P™ ve ! twmueh, and, therefore, nothing at « 3 ' To , m y third question:—"Will he smrm that, from the circumstances attending apostolic baptisms, we can conclude certainly that they were by immersion." Mr Macinhro answers "yes;" and then proceeds to enow that there was sufficient water in Jerusalem for the purpose, as if-that were the only circumstance requiring consideration. Granting the sufficient supply of water, the real question is, whether the disciples would beallowed topollute it by the immersion of d000,men and women? Then, again, were they immersed with a11 their garments on, or did they partially disrobe? Bid they hang their wet garments oat to dry, or did they return , el f, homes with their wet garments gracefully clinging round their limbs* These a ™. some of the "circumstances" to which Mr Macintyre ought to have given attention; but be evidently judges this question to be too delicate in its nature for the readers of The Courier, being • strong meat," only adapted forthe taste of believers. Again, estimating that John the Baptist only baptised- 500,000 persons, which is an absurdly small estimate, at the rate of two per minute, and devoting ten hours per day to the work, it would have token bun five years to accomplish it; and his whole ministry did not exceed one year. Here is food for immersionists to digest. 4. My last question was—" Will he affirm that t ? e fi 8" r » tIve phrase, 'buried with Christ through baptism,' is sufficient to prove imm «ra , onf Mr Macintyre thus answers ;— " The different passages setting forth baptism as a burial and resurrectionshould be snfficientto prove that immersion, and immer-' sion alone, can representthe Scriptural idea and intention of that ordinance." This would be true if it were by any means clear that in the passages quoted "baptism" did "ideally set forth buried {in water) and resurrection (out of the liquid grave). What is ideally set forth in " these passages " is onr death to sin and onr ressorrection tonewness of life; and we strenuously deny that baptism was ever intended to representthe Lord's burial and resurrection. It is a symbol of the baptism of the spirit, which is "poured forth," uid not of the death, burial, and resurrection of Christ. Christ died and was buried, and rose again the third day. once for all, and there is no warrant in Scripture for any repetitionof his death, burial, and resurrection, whether symbolical or otherwise. The baptism referred toin "these passages" is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. It has well pointed j oat that the apostle says that we are "buried with Christ, through onto death." "He does not,-yon ill perceive, state merely that baptism re imbles » bnrial, bnt that it is so." And unless Mr Macintyre is prepared toreturn whence he has jnst come, and swallow again 'he the exploded doctrine of baptismal regeneraion, he_ must believe that the baptism tion. spoken of is the baptism of the Hoi and not water baptismatalL . Mr Alacintyre rejects sprinkling and pouring as a mode of baptism, because it cannot "represent burial and resurrection," which baptism was never intended to represent. But would it not be more rational to reject immersion aa amodeof bsptuun beosuse it doea not borpromised Meauab it was written, "He mbdt] come down like rein npon the mown grass; as showers that wstor the earth"—ftalm Inrii., & And wain—"I will *» as the dew unto Jsnuefc^ And again—-"! wilt poor out of my spirit." With to the - Apostles, I again. affirm : that ihere is aot one $ot ,of -evidSH» in the New Testament to indicate that tiny ever rec«^ (%ristisn b»tism. The oajtyone qualified to hsptise them was thiTTjord Jems Cbrist hmaelf, and of Him we are expreasly told that "He Wised not, bit his diacSpJa only." The " Hebrew scholar" most have bSen^gUyisg «ff * .i on "Ttatii,? mightmesn that Jeaas -baptised His disciples." A^mchraderin M Simply impon≤, as the barest tyro m Greek would have known. & ft any I toci 90 notice vT^Xnifbr hanking ypo, , Sir, fef the snkce ab feeely B. Bpvsiat&/ VdHtively the last le bmtt itfgeofc- ? tter which;** Bn, 