REV. J. COOK A AT HOBART. (BIY ELE'ratO TELEcoAPII.) HonART, Sept. 3. The Rev. Joseph Cook, the famous champion of orthodoxy and opponent of scepticism, delivered an address at the Town Hall, this afternoon. The groat lecturer is unassisted by any charm of ap pearance, manner, or delivery, but hiis earnestness, clear and impressive diction, and long study of the relations between man and the Deity, together with what has been thought or written on the sub ject, gave him a power sufficient to hold the steady attention of any audience, The hall was crowded a quarter of an hour before Mr. Cook appeared. Several clergymen and laymen ooupied positions on the platform. After the hymn " all people that on earth do dwell" was sung, and the Reov. MclLaren Webster had do. livered prayer. "Mr. Cook stood up and quoted Sir Flonry ltavolock's statement, that " the wrta to IHeatet was as short from India as from any other part of the globe," and added tlhat ltaveloclk might have said that it was the same whether it was taken from India, fromt Australia, from the hedgerows of old England, among the Scotch rooks, or the Amenricall prairies, great rivers, and lakes. He would dis cuss that afternoon the religions future of AiUsttrlia, and' would endeavour to give an ansae'r to the question " What ought to be the feaChing of the present generation in Australia, if fitnro generations are not to miss the way to Heaven ?" It was a solemn question, whlch that very audience could decide for Tasmania, if they copld resolve to do, not their second heat, Lift their fleest boest. Whoever wished to do the utmeoit for the future of his country would enter his closet and liteon to what God said there. He then roead a number of selected pns sages from the Bible, chiefly relating to pruiyor, tiid riominded his audience that those weort not writtoe for past ages, or other continents, bhlt tfor them a ad drew them with him into an eanre?dt pl'ayer. Mr. Cook next quoted from the bookt of Daniel, chapter 0, v. 10-" IIoe kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God ;" ane also from Matthew, chapter I, v. 6i " When thou spreost enter into thy closet, and when it~o n gqt shlut thy door pray to thy Father which is In,necret." Scipio, the great Roman general, utiter stert& upon the execution of any important public enterprise without first going to the Capitol, where he sat some time alone in secret prayer, receiving, as he believed, communication from the gods, and he asked whether those present, whom he called the pilgrim mothers and fathers of Australia; ceeipg the important enterprise in which they were engaged, in building up a great polltet in the southern hemisphere, should, not seek guidance as the pagan Scipio had done in the secret chamber of prayer ; should they not seek the direction and communication of the Holy Ghost, which it was promised in that book would be given sooner than fathers give bread to their childrep. The eyes of India, China, Japan, the eyes ef the world, were upon Australia, and they stood as the pilgrim fathers to generationi who would succeed them. The population of Australia would in. eoaso gratly ; on the continent a cres cent was forfimfg, th6 tips bf which were at the' north of Auutrafi li nd Iýhe broad part at Adelaide, Melbourneei andSydftey, while close by this crescent was a afar of the first mngnitude, Tasmania, aind not far off another star, New Zealand. He urged them to keep black-handed infi delity off those lands. It was for them so to act that the light of the crescent and the two stars might grow. The three or four millions would increase to fifty or a hundred millions, and the present gene. ration stood in trust for them, and for the whole British empire. Hero there was no connection between Church and State, and this was roquisito, other' wise churches would lose their support. With a free State and a free church, if successful, they would have manly things to instruct Great Britain and Canada in. Was it manly or womanly, with these immenso respoirtibjlitigs ulpon them, to neglect to go to God? They stood, as it were, on an Australian Plymonlutli Rock, and he asked them to kneel and keeol there till communication was received from God. Four things it was said were requisite, in prayer-adora tion, copfeossion, thankngiving, and pection. To these he would add a fifth, total self-surrender to God.. A great deal was said about the scientific method, and he invited them to apply the sciontifio method experience aR the test of truth. Try prayer with the five elemeults he had named, and see if it was not answered. There was an instinct of prayer, and, as in everything ule in God's creatioo, he believed that instinct had a purpose. Holy writ, and all experience testified to it. He had lately visited an excellent observatory on the other side of the Straits, and was permitted to look tlhrougl the telescope at the won drous beauty of the Southern Cross. The telescope was made by hand, with the aid of God's light; the hand directed it, with the aid of God's light, so that the light of the beautiful stars fell on the eye. This light entered the mind when the will directed the circumstances ; and so it was with that other light which streamed into the soul in accordance with the laws gov. erning the soul. He was not afraid of the scientific method. In many institu. tions in America twenty or thirty minutes was act apart for girls to devote to reading the Bible and to private medi tation, with the result that earnest Christian women were sent out of those institutions to good work throughout the nation. Doddlridge, Robert Hall, Baxter, Jonathan Edwards, and many others testified to the efficiency of private prayer. Heo urged the audience to try it, and promised them that if they really and aflfectionately surrendered thllmselves to God they would be answered, and dealt with the objection that timie was so fully occu pied by showing that it was not a matter of time. In conclusion he read a review of the progress towards conversion, and the effect produced during the progress and after the consummation. A hymn was thoen sting and a collection made, which was liberally responded to, The meeting closed by Mr. Cook do. livering a ashort prayer for the actuating of the wills of those present. 