THE RELATION OF THE CHUECH OF ENGLAND TO ALL PROTESTANT CHURCHES. The Venerable FranOis Hales, Archdeacon .of Launceston, Tasmania. The deep importance of this question is not at first fully apparent ; and, presenting an aspect of simplicity, it seetns capable of a siniple and speedy answer, sudh as any. one could give without a moment's hesitation, while at the same time affording a clear and satisfactory rule to every member of the Church of England in his conduct towards all Pro testant Churches. Two classes of answers will be given by two different classes of Church people, equally sensible and equally pious, which lead to contrary conclusions. One will say — ' Pro testant Churches are schismatic bodies, breakers of Christ's law of unity, and, therefore, sinful ; to be looked at with sorrow, to be avoided with care.' The other will say — ' In the sacred Scriptures is no express command directing Christians to any particular form of Church government, and if our form does not suit all, if some 'object to it, they are not its slaves ; their own conscience must be allowed to judge ; but as they have the spirit of Christ equally with ourselves, they are our brethren, to be loved and to be sought, and their institutions of religion to be honoured equally with our own.' These are the two extreme views, and between them lie others less decided and more faintly expressed. '' The answer, if one can be obtained, will affect the com munity seriously. Is it to be peace or war ? An armed neutrality, or an isolated indifference : a cold reserve, or a loving recognition between large masses of the people, who are intimately commingled in business and society 1 If Churchmen and Nonconformists are both fighting for the life against a common enemy ; if both are equally contending against the sin which destroys, and the sorrow which pains ; if both contend on the same spiritual principles, under the same Great Leader; if both are following with all their might the standard of the cross of Christ ; if vice every where raises its horrid forehead unabashed to the heavens ; if misery of body' and soul darkens the life of myriads, born with all the capacities of joy ; if thousands of human souls, chilled with the shadow of death, need the blessed warmth of God's love ; if they need all the help human love refined by love divine can give, shall we allow that love to be lessened in its power by division, if it is possible ?f.rt liriita 1 Slioll Tiro lito on orrmr rS rKflpArcmt. r- a t.i rin a suffer our sectional dislikes to weaken the onslaught upon the ?'enemy, and to expose us to his power in the day of battle ? Is it not evident that the question is one of life or death ? If, on the other hand, these Protestant Churches are aliens in spirit and enemies in fact to our Church — to its essential principles, to its Divine Master — then let us face the terrible truth like earnest men, and at least stand rigidly aloof with firm and honest hearts if the way of open war should not seem the way of wisdom. To comprehend the relation in which our Church stands to Protestant Churches it is absolutely necessary — (1) to understand what we mean by the name Protestant Churches ; (2) to know dis tinctly what our definition of a Church is; and (3) to ascertain as far as possible what is their definition of a Church. The term Protestant Churches, as distinguished from our Church, comprises those religious bodies which at the Re formation separated themselves from the Church of Rome — the Lutherans and the Reformed or Calvinistic Churches of the Continent and of Scotland. These all agree in the VDUUUUiai £JO,JL DO Ul UUG \JJU1. JU3 V1CM.X ACM.UU. WXAIAaU CUD OOU XUJL U1X ill the apostles' creed. Luther calls the Athanasian creed ' the bulwark of the apostles' creed.' The Swedish and Danish Churches retain episcopacy; the other Lutheran and reformed churches have adopted the Presbyterian form of ecclesiastical polity. Probably the intention of this Congress is to treat rather of our relation as a Church to some of those religious com munities which have arisen among ourselves, and dissenting either from some of the doctrines or some of the practices of the Church of England, are therefore called dissenters — a name equally applicable in the colonies, where there is no State Church, as in England, where it exists. Dissenters are persons who, either by themselves or their ancestors, were once members of the Church of England, but have separated from her, and have formed new religious societies under different names. Taking the word Protestant, not in its original and his torical sense, but in that which is now popular, it will be found to signify the profession of a faith differing from the Church of Rome, but in agreement with that held by each other and by the Church of England, on some such basis aa the apostles' creed, and acknowledging the Bible only as its rule. Confining our attention, then, to these British dissenters, it will be seen that by this definition some religious bodies are shut out from consideration on account of their tenets, and others by the difficulty of discovering any definite articles of their faith, so that I am unable to treat of all, and must confine my attention to some Protestant Churches. These British Protestants do not profess to differ essentially from the Church from which they have separated. They do differ in their ecclesiastical polity. They have no bishops, as distinguished from presbyters ; their clergy are all on an equality. In following the line I have indicated, I find that under the term Protestant there is a clear, distinct, and decided relationship between the Church of England and other Protestant Christian societies. 1\. In policy they are distinguished by a decided rejection of the domineering claims and a repudiation of the doctrines of the Church of Rome, as set forth in the bull of Pope Pius IV. (1564). 2\. In history may be seen how a very great influence was exercised upon the English Church by the foreign reformers, and how a strong and mutual sympathy existed between both. The voice of Luther was like a trumpet calling the slaves shackles — slaves no longer to any earthly master j slaves henceforward to God alone. 3\. In law they both acknowledge one book as the authori tative master of their conscience in spiritual things. The Bible is to them their supreme law. 4\. In the essential doctrines of Christianity they can be hardly said to differ. However, if beneath the word Protestant the likeness is so strong, yet the name Church may discover differences so wide as to separate them hopelessly. What is the Anglican definition ? It is found in the nineteenth article. These are the words — ' The visible Church of Christ is a congregation of faithful men in the which the pure Word of God is preached and the sacraments be duly administered, according to Christ's ordinance in all those things that of necessity are requisite to the same.' Th'e Church is here said to be a congregation of faithful men. That is its essence. It has two grand characteristics — first, that the pure Word of God i» pi cciuueu. in it j Hcuuuu, lmiciu imc aauLttiueiibB cue uuiy administered. Many important questions arise out of this article. Let us take the chief — the faithful. Who are the faithful ? How are they distinguished from those who are not faithful ? We must take the answer from the article itself. It gives us two leading marks to note them by. First, the pure Word of God is preached to them. Those who reject it are not faithful. The faithful accept it. Second, the sacraments are duly administered, according to Christ's ordinance in all those things that of necessity are requisite to the same. The twenty-fifth article states that the sacraments are two. The twenty-sixth declares that the unworthiness of ministers does not invalidate them. The three following articles further speak of them. The Lord's Supper consists of bread and wine and the use of our Lord's words when He instituted it. Baptism consists in the application of water to the body, accompanied by the formula — ' I baptise thee into the name of the Father, of the Son;, and of the Holy Ghost. So far those Protestant bodies of whom we are speaking agree perfectly with us. The article does not state that only episcopally ordained officers shall administer the sacraments. The Church of Rome, as well as our own Church, permits baptism by the laity under cer tain circumstances, showing that, in their view, an ordained minister is not an absolutely essential requisite. The sacra ment of the Lord's Supper is not by them allowed to be administered by any but priests ; but the three articles of our Church relating to it are absolutely silent upon the sub ject except in one point, and that is, that the sacrament is not invalidated by the unworthiness of the minister. In the great principles laid down in the articles a duly ordained . presbyter is not declared requisite. In the bye-laws, as I may call the rubrics, and in practice, it is requisite. But the unworthiness of the minister does not make it nulh How the minister is to be ordained is not saidi In prac tice within her own jurisdiction the English Church is clear and precise; No man not a presbyter duly ordained by a bishop is permitted to administer the Lord's Supper. But when she lays down a broad principle as of Christianity^ applicable to all followers of Christ, she becomes cautious, retiring, reticent, careful not to restrain others as she has restrained herself, careful not to invade the liberty of those who differ, careful not to say one word which should cast a doubt upon their right to the Christian name. In the essen tials of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, in the matter and in the form, the English and Protestant Churches agree. But is not the office of minister of the sacraments fully set forth in Article 23 ? These are the things set forth : — 1\. No man may take upon himself the office of minister. The Protestant Churches in practice agree to this. 2\. He must be lawfully called. They agree to this also. 3\. Those only have this right of call who have public authority given unto them in the congregation. This also they agree to. But someone will say, Does not the English Church hold the principle of apostolic succession, which bars from her ministry all men not episcopally ordained ? I answer, Yes ; I believe she does in practice and as a probable historic fact. Thus the Church of England, in the public declaration of the principles she considers of supreme domination, in her definition of a church, in the law of baptism completely, in the law concerning the matter and form of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, embraces the Protestant Churches within . the circuit of her wide liberality. She does not exclude them in her definition of the ministry. Thus far the nature of the relationship between the Church of England and of the Protestant Churches is of the closest character. In those great principles of faith and practice which I have enumerated they are one. I have now to inquire whether in the practice of each of these divisions of Christians are to be found reasons which must keep them absolutely asunder — 1\. The Church is distinguished in her public services by the use of a liturgy. The other Protestant bodies have adopted no liturgy, with, perhaps, one doubtful exception. Each prefers its own system, and earnest writers on both sides find arguments in support. But I do not think it can be shown,- on the one side, that a liturgy is esteemed essential to a church, nor, on the other, that the use of a liturgy is necessarily believed to be a violation of God's law. If this be true, then the use or otherwise of a liturgy cannot be con sidered as a sufficient cause for Christian bodies to stand absolutely aloof from each other. 2\. The Thirty-nine Articles, however excellent they may be, were unknown for fifteen centuries of Christian life. They have no claim to be called essential to a Church's existence. Therefore they have no claim to stand as a wall of isolation ' where there ought to be a pathway of unity. 3\. But the Anglican Church has a framework of officers. There is also a law of succession. There are three principal grades. The working officers are the deacons and presbyters; the overseers, as the name signifies, are the bishops. According to rule no officer can be made without the bishop. Bishops ordain deacons and priests ; bishops consecrate bishops. The law directs that no one shall in any other way become an officer of the Church. The belief is that this law has never been broken since the days of the apostles — that is, that every duly ordained clergyman, could, if the records of history were discovered, trace his succession to the apostles. I believe in apostolical succession as a fact. So do most English clergymen. But the question must be asked, What is the extent of this belief ? Does it rest on a clear mathematical proof, as that two and two equal four 1 No one will say so. Is it as certain as that Archbishop Cranmer was burnt 1 No one can say so. The strictest legal proof that the strictest law court could require would be amply satisfied with the proofs of Cranmer's martyrdom ; but no one would venture to say that equally clear proof could be given of the unbroken succession of duly conse crated bishops. In the early ages history is not so precise, so copious, so supported by evidence on this side and on that as to allow any one to say — Here is evidence which no man may question. In many cases the information is scanty, not free from, doubt, and difficult to cross- examine, so that in all candour it must be confessed that, logically, it is only probable, and therefore, to the degree by which it falls short of the certain, it may be erroneous. The Church has, how ever, lived for centuries in the belief of the historic truth of apostolical succession, and therefore she ought not to be reproached with unreasonableness if unable lightly to lay it aside. Still another question may be asked— Allowing apos tolical succession to be historically true, does that prove that it should never be abandoned under any circumstances % If so, where is the proof? I am afraid the answer must be, ' Nowhere.' At least, I have never heard of it. If it can only be shown, by a long and elaborate argument, not accepted by many pious, able, and learned men, then it is not self-evident; it is only probable, and possibly wrong, for that is what probability implies. On the other hand is the argument of unity. Our Supreme Master, Jesus Christ, spake of the essential quality of unity between Christian men. Thus, on the one side it is only possible that episcopal government rightfully bars the unity of Christian men ; on the other hand, the words of Jesus Christ really and certainly command it. Am I wrong in saying that the certain command of our Lord has a stronger claim upon our obedience than the doubtful intentions of his servants? The Church of England is bound by the doubtful intentions of the apostles to support the law in the due ordination of ministers. She is also bound by the law of Christ to cultivate unity with His followers. If there is a clashing between these laws, the lesser in authority must give way to the greater. If both can be obeyed, both ought to be obeyed. Can they both be obeyed ? I think they can. I do not forget the vast body of tradition, both of dogma and of custom, which has been embodied in the Church's, literature, venerable for its age, and for the splendour cast over many of its pages by the riches of learning, the grandeur of genius, the divine power of piety unfeigned, of devotion magnificent, of manly love, Godlike in its character, the kt^/ao, eis to oet a priceless inheritance. I do not ignore it. But it is the unfenced common of Christendom, where every man may roam and find pasture. I necessarily have confined myself only to those parts appropriated and fenced by the authorities of the Church — to those dogmas and those practices only to which the Church of England has bound herself in her authorised expositions. In dealing, however, with this matter the law of human nature must not be ignored. It is a law of prejudice, arising from education. We love our system; Dissenters love theirs. Need there be war? May there not be peace? Can there not be sympathy — perhaps even co-operation, and an approach to unity, if not a perfect unity ? — some formal but unmistakable public recognition of their place in the Catholic Church ? These are questions not so much of principle as of expediency. They require for their treatment thorough conscientiousness. Every man should lay down for himself some principles of action. 1\. He ought to be thoroughly loyal to his education and to his Church until he has found 'her in any point to be in error. He ought to feel that his first duty of obedience is to her teachings and rules. If he is competent in learning, and ability, and judgment, he ought to teat her excellence in all her parts, and, for that purpose, to cultivate carefulness and caution, and to increase his knowledge to the utmost possible extent ; then to act calmly, and with a sense of respon sibility towards his brother Churchmen. Ignorant, impulsive wilfulness is discreditable to a manly character, and is an offence against society. ; but as my subject is confined to the relationship between the Church of England and some Pro testant Churches, and not to the corollaries of action to be drawn from it, I must conclude by summing up my argument. I find no essential difference between them, merely because our Church has always employed a liturgy and other Protest ant bodies do not. Neither are the Thirty-nine Articles an insuperable wall of separation. There is, indeed, a felt, though not a formally expressed, difference in some of the traditional views of Christian subjects, held by the ablest Church writers in all ages, from the popular modes of dis senting thought ; but I have not touched upon it because it has not been formulated, and, therefore, not been fixed, and so cannot have ever been regarded as essential. On the other hand, I find that in what all acknowledge the essen tials of Christianity, and in its historic basis, there is absolute agreement. Both sides acknowledge the mastering right of Christ's law. That law equally binds Church and dissent. The law is the law of unity. It finds its motive force in the divine law of love. It is originated by the Spirit of Jesus Christ, which, in the excellence of its effects, in the beautiful lives it produces, is shown by the records of society and of history to be no more bound and fettered by ecclesiastical systems than the breezes of the open heavens. are restrained and divided by the little fences with which man divides the surface of the earth. Let me conclude in the words of our Master, Jesus Christ, which may possibly have some bearing upon this subject— ' And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold ; them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice, and they shall become one flock, one Shepherd.' 