WOODHOUSELEE. ANNIVERSARY DAY was spent in a very pleasant man ner at Woodhouselee, a fair number of people being assembled to witness the laying of the corner-stone of a very pretty little building in connection with the Church of England. A sumptuous lunch was pro- vided for all comers (at a charge of 2/- per head) at Mr. Nixson's, and about half-past one o'clock a goodly number sat down to it, the long table being at least twice filled. At four o'clock the ceremony of laying the stone commenced. All being assembled at the site under an awning erected for the purpose, the hymn, "This stone to Thee in faith we lay," was sung, after which suitable portions of scripture were read and prayers offered by the Rev. W. M. Martyn, the incumbent of the parish, and the Ven. the Arch deacon of Goulburn, the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine of St. Nicholas' being also present. A paper of which the following is a copy was then placed in a bottle and deposited beneath the stone: To the glory of God our Saviour the corner-stone of this building erected as a place of worship in accordance with the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England and to the glory of God, Father, Son, and Ghost, was laid by Mrs. Davis senior on the twenty-sixth day of January A.D. 1882, and in the forty-fifth year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, Lord Augustus Loftus being Governor of the colony of New South Wales, the Right Reverend Mesac Thomas D.D. being Bishop of the diocese of Goulburn, the Rev. William Matthews Martyn being incumbent of the district, Mr Frederick James Davis being the donor of the ground, a friend of the incumbent having supplied the plans, Mr Thomas Wilson Parrott, architect, of Goulburn, having the superintendence of the work, and John Campbell being the contractor for the walls. Present and assisting in the ceremony:—Rev. W. M. Martyn, incumbent of the district ; Rev. A. T. Puddicombe B.D., archdeacon of Goulburn ; Rev. G. M. D'Arcy-Irvine M.A., incumbent of St. Nicholas', Goulburn North. Mrs Davis senr. then came forward and assisted by the contractor and Mr Parrott laid the corner- stone well and duly in the customary manner. It was a pleasant sight to see so aged a lady able to take her part with so much evident zeal and delight in so deeply important and holy a work, surrounded by her sons and their families, as well as by many sympathising and helpful neighbours, whose good influence in the parish will we hope continually in- crease and long endure. The stone being placed in its position all present united in the prayer "The glorious Majesty of the Lord our God be upon us; prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us, O prosper thou our handiwork." Addresses were then delivered by the incumbent, the Archdeacon, and the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy-Irvine, the last mentioned of whom fairly brought the al- ready interested assembly up to the boiling point of enthusiasm by the point and humour of his energetic speech. The speakers dwelt particularly upon the important and happy results to be expected from the work that day commenced—results for God's glory and man's highest good, for eternity as well as for time ; upon the suitability of selecting Anniversary day as the occasion, pointing out the inseparable connection between lasting national prosperity and the progress of true religion. The Rev. D'Arcy Irvine enlarged upon the kindly and united spirit shown by the people of Woodhouselee; and, dwelling upon the hearty co-operation shown by the clergy and laity of the Church of England generally, especially upon similar occasions, predicted a bright and glorious future of true work for our God and Saviour, for the good old church in these colonies. Contributions to the amount of £20 were laid on the stone. A stall for the sale of fancy articles, fruit, and lemonade was diligently attended to by the young ladies of the neighbourhood who were very successful in their undertaking. A tea-meeting was held at half-past seven and a magic lantern exhibited afterwards. The whole proceeds of the day are ex- pected to be something above £30 to the building fund. 