WEECKING- INSURANCE . ? - COMPANIES. They have a wholesale way of committing frauds, in the'; States (observes \ an English paper) which, .if not always to b» admired, is uBuully astounding enough. Recent American papers bring us, for ^example, a story of how an' insurance company called tho ' TJniversol' ' gobbled up'' five other oompanies and brought receiver setB forth the deeds of this remarkable company : — ' Thero was,' ho said, ' a system of wrecking- insurance companies at that time that wus a marvel of fraudulent manipulation— a solvent company was transferred to un insol vent company. In 1871 tho Widowa and Orphans' waB taken in by sale and insurance in whole by the Roserve Mutual. In March, 1874, both companies were absorbed by the Guardian Mutual; and in October, IS 74, all three, along with the New York ; State Life and. North .America, were swal lowed up in .the i Universal. ' When: the North- America found itself iusolvent, an offer waa mado by Mr.' Furbor, of the Universal, to make tha North Amerioa good if tho diteators would' resign. They did resigu, and Mr.: Furber beoame president of ? the North America while still controlling tbe Universal, and other officers of the Universal became also officers of the North America — the bffiooa of all the companies, bding iu the one' building ; and;thcre waB, in fact, none but a mere formal distinction in. the management. The companies had 9,710 policies it the date of tbo final bank ruptcy, and instead of 10,000,000 dollars 'of ? assets' thuy. had only 1,567,100 dollars; mostly in the hands of the Superintendent of Insur ance. All witness received when ho took oharge waa 100,000 dollars in assets. Thero was 50,000 dollars in bonds and mortgages deposited with Drexel and Morgan, as_ ugents for J. S. Morgan, of London, the deposit being made . for tho purpose of creating a oredit in England, where tho company had policy holders, 'the deposit is now in litig'itiou and the expense of litigating so far has been about 15,000 dollars.' The Governor was present at tho breaking, up entertainment at tho Girla' Grammar School a fjw days ago, and expressed himself un advo cate for young'people takivg up whistling as an accomplishment. Has His Excelleucy con templated the awful misohief he is doing by thus encouraging this moBt hideous form of torture ? If BirArthur Kennedy wero only to spend a few hours amongst the ruu boys in a newspaper office ho would take baok all he had said on tho subjcot at tho very earliest opportunity. Whistling under vice-regal patronage 1 ? :Where are we all going to?.— 'Town Talk 'in The Week. ' - ' ' ? . Thb Wood Insurances Oabe.— Tho Supreme .Court (sayB the S. A. Register) has reversed the' verdict givon in : the case -Wood v. the National Mutual Life Association of Austra lasia, Limited, and the insurance money whioh tho man, Ernest Neville, endeavourod ti- Becure to hia creditors by the strange device of com mitting suicide, will not be paid by the (lBB.icia tion after all. It will perhaps startle bddio people to learn that tho Supremo Court poasee bob the power to reverse the verdict of a jury upon a question of faoc, aB it hia done in this cuse. Ono of the ohief matters to be deoidad was with regard to the insanity of tho insured, a point whioh the Attornoy ? General contended wus amply proved by his having profesied a belief in spiritism, indulged in the praotiao of drawing strauge pioturea under the influence of some hallucination, and assorted that he had seen a ghost. Tho jury had found that the evidence proved Neville to be insane, and the judga had therefore directed n verdiot for tho plaintiff who sued for the amount of the polioy. His JJonour tho Chief JuBtica Buid, in reforenoe to tbe action which the court is now taking, thai it appeared to him that it was not over-riding the Supreme Court Aot, inastnubh aa the pro ceeding was sanctioned by tho ruloH of court, and those rules, according to the Aot of 1878, are entitled to have the force of law bcoauue thoy have been kid on the table of both Houses of the Legislature, and have not been dis allowed by them.' Military Pbkcedenob im Viotobia. — The question of military precedence hua uriaeu in Victoria, and the Argus states that iu order to sottlo it the commandant has rocommeudod to the Treasurer that Lieutenant. Colonat Lemar chand should be gazetted aa lieutenant-colonel, instead of us major in command of the now artillery corps. Tbe other officers ohiefiy into restod in the matter are Major Bull, of the headquarters staff, who is a purely volunteer offioer, and Major Snee, the instructor of gunnery. Lioutenant-Oolonol Lomarchand hua has seen a good deal of service iu India. He was educated at the Addiacombo Military College, and joined the 1st Bengal Artillery on tho 13th Jung, 1845, au a second lieutonaut- On tho 13th January, 1849, ha waa made a full lioutonaut. On tho 27t)- August, 1858, ho was promoted to tho rank of captain, and on the 7th December of tho same yo,ir to that of major. Ho Berved in the Indian Mutiny oampuign, and waa present nt tho aotiona of itajghur, Mungrone, and Siud waho, and so distinguished himself us tu be threo timea mentionod in despatches. In 1870 .ho was made a lieutenant- col'mol, and retired 'on full pay. He came to Victoria in 137-1, and I waa oonnectod with the local forooa us an in iitriictor of artillery until 1878, when he to signed. Unless Colonel Lomarchand receives tho local rank recommended ho will have to take orders from amatour soldiers. 