THE O : . A LOVE STOEY. By Mrs. Frances Honosojr Bdrjtett, Author of " That Laas o' LowrieV Chatter VIII,—'Theo's First Trouble,. (Continued.) It was a hard battle which Denis Ogle thorpe fought during the next fortnight, in that small chamber of the wayside inn at St. Quentin; and it was a stern antagonist he waged war against—that grim old enemy, death. But with the help of the little doctor, the vis medicutrix natural, and his three nurses, he gained the victory at length, and con quered, only by a hair's breadth. The fierce fire of the brain wearing itself out, left liim as wcalc as a child, and for days after he re turned to consciousness he had scarcely power to move a limb or utter a word. When first lie opened his eyes upon life again no one was in the room but Priscilla Gower; and so it was upon Priscilla Gower that his first conscious glance fell. He looked at her for a minute before he found strength to speak. But at last hi* faltering voice came back to him. " Priscilla," he whispered, weakly. "Is it you 'I Poor girl." She bent over him with a calm face, but she did not attempt to caress him. "Yes," she said. Don't try your strength too much yet, Denis. It is I." His heavy weary eyes searched hers for an instant. "And no one else," he whispered again. " Is no one else here, Priscilla?" "There is no one else in the room with me," she answered, quietly. '' The rest are upstairs. You must not talk Denis. Try to be quiet." There was hardly any need for the caution, for his eyes were closing again, even then, through sheer exhaustion. Theo was in her room lying down and trying to rest. But half an hour later, when Pamela came up to her bedside, the dark eyes flew wide open in an instant. "What is it, Pam?" she asked. "Is he worse again?" Pam sat down on the bedside, and looked at her with a sort of pity for the almost hag gard young face drooping against the white pillow. " Ho," she said ; " he is better. The doctor said he woidd be and he is. Tiieo, he has spoken to Priscilla Gower and knows her." Theo sat up in bed, white and still—all white it seemed, but her large hollow eyes. " Pamela," she said, " I must go home." " Where ?" said Pam. The white face turned towards her pitifully. "I don't know," the girl answered, her voice fluttering almost as weakly as Denis's had done. " I don't know—somewhere though. To Paris again—or to Downport," with a faint shudder. And then, all at once, she flung up her arms wildly, and dropped upon them, face downward. " Oh, Pam," she cried out, " take me back to Downport, and let me die. I have no right here, ana I had better go away, Oh, why did I ever come ? Why did I ever come ?" See was sobbing in a hysterical, strained way, that was fairly terrible. Pamela bent over her and touched her disordered hair with a singularly light touch. 'The tears welled up into her faded eyes. Just at the moment she could think of nothing but the day, so far away now, when her own heart had been torn up by the roots by one fierce grasp of the hand of relentless fate—the day when Arthur had died. " Hush, Theo," she said to her, " don't err, child." * But the feverish, excited sobs only came the faster, and more wildly. " Why did I ever come ?" Theo gasped. "It would have been better to have lived and died in Downport—far better, I can. tell you now, Pam, nowr that it is all over. I loved him, and he loved me, too; he loved me always from the first, though we both tried so hard, so hard; yes, we did, Pamela, to help it. And now it is all ended, and I must never see him again. I must live and die, grow old —old, and never see him again." There was no comfort for her. Her burst of grief and despair wore itself away into a • strained quiet, and she lay at length in silence, Pamela at her side. But she was suffering fearfully in her intense girlish way. She did not say much more to Pamela, but she had made up her mind, before many hours had passed, to return to Paris. She. even got up in the middle of the night, in hei feverisli hurry to make her slight prepara tions for the journey. She could go to Paris and wait till Lady Throckmorton came back, if she had not got back already, and then she could do as she was told as to the rest. She would either stay there or go to Downport with Pamela. Fortune, however, interposed. A carriage made its appearance, in the morning,, with a. new arrival—an arrival no less than Lady Throckmorton herself, bearing down upon them in actual excitement. An untoward accident had called her friend from home, and taken her to Caen, and there, at her earnest request, her lady had accom panied her. The blunder of an awkward servant had prevented her receiving the letters from St. Quentin, and it was only on her return to Paris that she had learned the truth. Intense as was her bewilderment at her pro tege's indiscretion, she felt a touch of admi ration at the simple, faithful daring of the girl's course. "It is sufficiently out of the way for Pris cilla Gower to be here, and she is his pro mised wife; and Pamela is nearly thirty-two years old, and looks forty; but you, Theodora, —you to run away from Paris, with no one but a maid; to run away to nurse a man like Denis Oglethorpe. It actually takes away my breath. My dear, innocent little simple ton, what were you thinking about ?" It woiddbe futile to attempt to describe her state of mind when she discovered that Denis had not learned of Theo's presence in the house. But, being quick-sighted and keen of sense, she began to comprehend at last, and it. was. Priscilla Gower who assisted licr to a clearer state of mind. Two davs later, when after a visit to his patient, the little doctor was preparing to take his departure, Priscilla Gower addressed him suddenly, as. it seemed, without the slightest regard to her .ladyship's presence. " You think your patient improves rapidly," she said. "Very rapidly," was the answer. "Men like him always do, mademoiselle." She bent her head in acquiescence. "I have a reason for asking this," she said. " Do you think he is strong enough to bear a shock ?" " Of what description, mademoiselle? Of grief or—of" joy - " Of joy, monsieur," she answered dis tinctly. "Mademoiselle," said the doctor, "joy rarely kills." _ She bent her erect head again. She had not regarded the fact of her old enemy's presence ever so slightly while she . spoke, but when the doctor was gone she addressed her. "I have been thinking of returning to London at once, if possible," she said. "Miss Gower's ill-licalth renders any further ab sence a neglect. If I go, would it be pos sible for you to remain here, with Miss North?" " Pamela ?" suggested Lady Throckmorton. " Theodora," was the calm reply. An odd silence of a moment, and then the eyes of the two women met each other, in one long, steady look ; Lady Throckmorton's profoundly searching, wonderingly question ing ; Priscilla Gower s steadfast, calm, almost defiant. . Then Lady Throckmorton spoke. " I will stay," she said, "and she shall stay with me." _ "Thank you," with another slight bend of the handsome head. "I. am going now to speak to Mr. Oglethorpe. When I open the door will you send Miss North, Theodora, to me?" " s " Yes," answered her ladyship. " So Priscilla Gower crossed the narrow land ing, and went into the sick-room," and her ladyship summoned Theodora North, and bade her wait, not telling her why. Wliat passed behind the closed doors only three people can tell, and those three people are Denis Oglethorpe, his wife, and the woman who, in spite of her coldness, was truer to him than lie dared be to himself. There was no sound of raised or agitated voices, all was calm and seemingly silent. Fifteen minutes passed—half an hour; nearly ah liour, and then Priscilla Gower stepped out upon the landing", and Lady Throckmorton spoke to. Theo. "Go to licr," was her command. "She wants you." . The poor child arose mechanically and went out. She did not understand why she was wanted — she scarcely cared. Sue merely went because she was told. But when sir looked up at Priscilla Gower, she caught her breath and drew back. But Priscilla held out licr hand to her. "Come," she commanded. And .before Theo had time to utter a word, she was drawn into the chamber, and the door closed. Denis was lying upon a pile of pillows, and pale as he was "she saw in one instant that something had happened, and that lie was. not unhappy, whatever his fate was to be. "I have been telling Mr. Oglethorpe," Priscilla said to her, "all that you have done, Theodora. I have been telling liim how you forgot the world, and came to hint when he was at the world's mercy. : I have told him, too, that,five years ago lie made a great mistake; which I shared with him. It was a great mistake, and it had better, be wiped out and done away with, and 'we have agreed that it shall be. So I have brought you here " All the blood in Theodora North's heart surgcd'into her face, in a great rush of anguish and bewilderment. " No! no !" she cried out. "No! no ! only forgive him, and let me go. Only forgive him, and let him begin again. He must love you— he does love you. It was my fault—not his. Oh— Priseilla stopped her, smiling in a half-sad way. "Hush.'" she said, quietly. "You don't understand mc. The fault was only the fault of the old blunder. Don't try to throw your happiness away, Theodora. You were not made to miss it. I have not been blind all these months. How could I be? I only wanted to wait and make sure that this was not a blunder, too. I have known it from the first. Thee, I have done now—the old tangle is unravelled. Go to liim, Tlieo, he wants you." The next instant the door closed upon Priseilla, as she went out, and Theodora North understood clearly what she had before never dared to dream of. There was one brief, breathless pause, and then Denis Oglethorpe held out his arms. " My darling," he said. "Mine, my own." She slipped down by his side, beautiful, tremulous, with glowing cheeks and tear-wet eyes. She remembered Priseilla Gower then. " Oh, my love !" she cried. " She is better than I am, braver and more noble; but she can never love yon better, or be more faithful and true than I will be. Only try mc; only try mc, my darling." Three months subsequently, when Pamela and Priseilla had settled down again to the routine of their old lives, there was a quiet wedding celebrated atParis—aquiet wedding, though it was under Lady Throckmorton's patronage. In their tender remembrance of Priseilla Gowcr it was made a quiet wedding—so quiet, indeed, that the people who made the young ISnglish beauty's romance a topic of conversa tion and nine days' wonder scarcely knew it had ended. And in Brooine-strcct Priseilla Gowcr read the announcement in the paper, with only the ghost of a faint pang. " I suppose I am naturally a cold woman," she wrote to Pamela North, with whom she sustained a faithful correspondence. "I will acknowledge, at least, to a certain lack of enthusiasm. I can be faithful, but I cannot be impassioned. It is impossible for me to suffer as your pretty Theo could, as it is equally impossible for me to love as she did. I have lost' something, of course, but I have not lost all." Between these two women there arose a friendship which was never dissolved. Per haps the one thing they had in common drew them towards each other; at any rate, they were faithful; and even when, three years later, Priseilla Gower married a man who ! loved her, and having married him, was a calmly happy woman, they were faithful to each other still. THE Els I). 