ECHOES FROM THE SMOKING- ROOM [BY A SCRIBBLER,] A great deal of the time of the House last week was taken up with discussions on newspapers—first, on Mr. Kingston's non-anonymity motion, and afterwards on the Newspaper Postage Abolition Bill, which has not the shadow of a ghost of a chance of being carried. Referring to the non-anonymity debate, the speech of the younger of West Adelaide's representatives on Tuesday was "various," if I may drag in an Americanism. It was prodigiously, wearisomely long; it was monotonous in its repetitions, and mournful in its constant reiterations at the beginning of each sentence of the oracular " I say." One member who sat the speech out stakes his reputation as an arithmetician upon the truth of the assurance that " I say" occurred fifty-five times therein. But yet the address was highly interesting, and for an honourable and learned member it was thoughtful and earnest and temperate. Had it been but half as long it would have been entitled to the high honour of being one of Mr. Kingston's best speeches this session. But what robbed it of most of its weight was its honestly avowed foundational fault—" It is not necessary that writers should be compelled to sign their names to their articles; past experience has not proved such a thing to be needed; the. respectable papers have never yet sinned against the laws of fairness of criticism. • But here's the point—they may so sin. Or if the present editors don't, the papers may have unprincipled conductors in twenty years or so, and _ we'd better punish them - in the meantime for .the possible . sins of. .their successors." It was that which fairly took the • life out of the speech. It was as though the speaker, bewigged and begowned as a prosecuting counsel, were to say to the Judge —" Don't misunderstand me. your Honor, I beg. Oh, no; this man did not steal tne purse—indeed, there is not a suggestion that ne stole it; but it is just possible that he may take one by and by, or that his son or his successor may take one. So he'd better be punished now." . This is the reduclio ad ubsvrdum which the Smoking-room has put forth with, at least, a show of reason it must be confessed. The Attorney-General's cla,use was evidently suggested as a compromise, and was carried as such by the members who, voting, understood what the complicated jumble meant. Did they notice'the peculiar ingenuity of the clause? It says in effect:—"Whenever anything published in a newspaper shall be injurious to the character of any person a Judge or Special Magistrate may by his order direct the publishers to furnish to the person mentioned in the order the name of the writer or author." Look at the italicized sentence. That means, if it means anything, this:—Jjones, a notorious convicted ruffian, may be strongly commented upon in a paper after his conviction. Smyth, a relative of Jjones, may wish to know who wrote the article, and he may get the Special Magistrate to insert his name in the order, and he can compel the publisher to tell Mm who wrote it. The clause does not say that the man affected shall alone have the information, nor does it say that one order only shall be given. If a Judge be criticised he can give an . order to "himself or .to any friend of his to get the name, or fifty orders to give it up to fifty people may be served upon the publisher. Supposing there should by any chance or mis chance be an unprincipled Magistrate in a small, isolated settlement—Port Darwin, for instance. Why, if this clause is to be enforced one of two things will happen. Either abuses will not be touched upon in the newspaper at all, or else those who do touch upon them will not live out half their days; whilst the business of undertakers, the calls of Coroners' Juries, and the fearful mortality of Pressmen will be the most notable features of the place. Now, more matured Legislative Councilmen, the eyes of sensible, peaceloving colonists are turned towards "you. Shall this monstrosity live, or will you strangle it offhand ? There have been few South Australian politicians who have made progress at such a rate as the fortunate, straight, and honest Commissioner of Crown Lands. He is not a great frequenter of the Smoking-room, so he hasn't got so much of a certain Kind of popularity as some members have. He has a more respectful popularity though; and when his political^ backbone shall have become more rigid his usefulness and weight will be much greater. He is a trifle too impetuous, but is clear-headed after all; aud he has evidently been working with Demosthenean ardour, if not with that old Greek's success, to improve his oratory. He is still a highly nervous speaker; but he wgrks up his facts gnd figure? before ^ begins U speak, BM Ids speeches read better than they sOUntl, for his matter is better than his manner, and his voice is not a very tractable one. He is withal in the second class of our Parliamentary speakers, and those who heard him move the second reading of the Pastoral Leases Bill on Tuesday will agree with the Smoking-rooni.whenit predicts for him speedy transference to the first-rate list. Cunning as any oft-chased Reynard is the afl'able Treasurer, or else singularly absent minded. Discussing the taxation proposals on Thursday, as soon as Mr. Bower had finished trying to make himself heard in the gallery amidst the tempest of talk which the House kept up in competition at the same time, there was a minute's pause, which the Treasurer occupied in pouderiug profoundly over some documents on his desk. The Chairman put the motion and declared it carried, ana then the Chancellor of our Exe-hequer got up with an excellent show of surprise—simulated or real, according to his foxiness" or absent-mindedness. His look was meant to say—" Bear witness, gentlemen, I—I really meant to reply to the sj leeches made against me, and I had no idea till it was too late that the resolutions were so soon to be put." But the hot-headed Oppositionists iu the room quote something like the laconic phrases of tne namesake of the honourable and wealthy member for Noarlunga—" When you have nothing to say, say nothing. A weak defence strengthens your opponent, and silence is less injurious than a bad reply." In any case, would it nat have been more in accordance with the fitness of things if the Treasurer had said at least—" Sir, I didn't introduce these resolutions agairst my will—indeed I didn't. Ex- Public Works was wrong when he said I did." The Ornate Member for Onkaparinga has been a somew hat prominent character m the House during kthe last few days. The Room has been smiling at one or two of his recent experiences. On Wednesday he fell to lectui inthe Treasurer, who was speaking lather loudly to a choice coterie on the Ministerial cross-bench while Mr. Bees was addressing the House opposite. Turnuu round he said—" When the Honourable the Treasurer delivers a speech I always listen attentively to him, and do not interrupt him. May I ask him to extend the same considerateness to me ?" The Treasurer, with the utmost coolness and suavity, remarked—" Oh. certainly," and kept his word—for a while. Da members accustomed to talk to the anoyance of others remember that there is such a thing as selflove to be wounded ? But there is another little story told of the last elected member for Onkaparinga, leaving out the little episode between liin: ar.d the honourable member whose longest ami only speech is an unspeakably irritating, sarcastic " Hear, hear," and whose met! viperous elici t in the House is a laugh, in competition with which Professor Teufelsdrock's and ;! certain Australian bird's would have no show of success. To tlie tale, howev<-, Hie Ornate was speaking on Fridav, ai.d an eloquent, liberal, and really able sicceh it was, on the Newspaper -Postage Abolition Bill : and soon after he had commenccd a lady entered the House. Thereupon went round the benches an unmistakable murmur; for members had regard to Mr. Hawkei's speech the other day—the speech in which he said that whenever a lady was present that particular hon. n.ember indulged in an elaborate oration— and they felt that they must listen for at least an hour, if the lady stayed so long. Well, the address proceeded, the speaker soaring higher and higher in his flights, an l beecmir.g more ana more effective. At length, unperceived by the orator, the lady lcft^ ai.d the Zvlischievous Member thereupon aLreed with llie Seiitte Member to play-olfa nice little joke. The orator was layi'ig-on the liuitliiiilr ornaments of his spcech, wnen tie ft date sidled iu> to him and said, jerking his thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the strangers' "allery—" Oh ! it's all right, old chnp ; the lady's gone." The speech did not last much longer, and it will never have the crowning glory which it would have hvl if the builder had not been interrupted. B it an apology was demanded, and given, so the L'ociii s?ys. 1 he Corporations Bill discuss'oii showed l ow slight a veneration members have for the j City Council. The same t.hinir has been shown in other ways too. Un Wednesday, j for inslance. Mr. Smith, referring to a provii sion suggested as to the stopping of tramcars ! at the inters?ction of streets, said—"The : City Council have full power over the streets ;iow. Their by-lav. t; ;i".o quite s'ltiicient to n e*et the case." " vii," said_ i he bigsrer of the : nemlers for Fncor.uter Bay, "the City j Ccriuuii are great on by-laws. I wonder j iijty ha\e not a by-law tc prevent people .Mietzirg in the public street." Fai iiamcntary grammar has heights aud depths and widths and lengths too great for eomiron minds to compass. Some day—one j of the members threatens—there shall be a Smoking-room Joe Miller. In the meantime, one specimen of what that book shall contain may suffice. A member is to move this new clause in the Corporation Bill this week: — "Notwithstanding anything contained in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1880, or any by-law made thereunder, it shall not be necessary for any person to have a licence from any Municipal Corporation for thepurposeof tradingor carrying aboutforsale any fisn, fruit, victuals, timber, fuel, vegetables, hay, straw, or other food for cattle." The hungry cow that ate up a line of clothes for dinner and the props for dessert was not "a circumstance" beside the omnivorous animals that this clause contemplates." The member for Noarlunga, in his Smokers Bill, refers to cigars, cigarettes, pipes, " or other tobacco whatsoever." Is a pipe a sort of tobacco? 