VICTORIAN MEMS. A marine aquarium is to be establiahen at St. Kilda. Mr. Call opposed the flogging of larrikins, except in extreme cases. Joshua Austin, squatter, of Victoria, is suing the Argus for £10,000. Mr. James Mirams has been presented with a bound copy of his own speeches. A hoy named Gunnerson has had his feet crushed at Largo by a Bteam roller. The Times thinks the duty of the colonies is to prepare for possible reverses. The Wednesday half-holiday movement has been successfully initiated at Benalla. From 35 to 60 bushels of barley per acre are expected in the Koroit district this year. The total claims for compensation in the Hawthorn collision now amount to £110,000. The Chimborazo brought 500 tons of salvage cargo from the wreck of the Gulf of Finland. Excellent prospects of tin have been discovered in the Omeo district, North Gippsland. Porter Walsh, of Ballarat West, has been promoted to the station-mastership at Tarrawingee. The Hon. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., has generously contributed twenty guineas to the Creswick relief fund. Wm. Aitken died in the Dunolly Hospital by taking a dose ol eye lotion administered to another patient. Mr. Service, on board the incoming mail steamer, is expected to go into politics again in Victoria. Captain John Mason, J.P., actuary of the Belfast Savings Bank, committed for trial for embezzlement; The tobacco crop at Yackandandah is all but ruined, while the -vine crop promises to be most abundant. A lad, 11 years of age, was killed at Haddon mine through being caught between the rope and the drum of the whin. The Federal Standard chronicles the death of Mr. E. G. Nicholson, one of the leading storekeepers inChiltern. Mr. Wilson, the member for Arrarat, is about to retire and Mr. Service will probably Btand for the vacancy. In the matter ot the Hawthorn tragedy, stationmaster Thompson and guard Hunt committed for manslaughter. Sub-inspector Fewtress has been appointed permanently to the metropolitan police district, in place of Lamer, retired. Melbourne Assembly did a talk on vines, and then adjourned to be happy with the juice of the viae till the 13th February. pet cent ol her c he r . tap to the colonies. What attractive ship she must be to be sure' Atthe last meeting of the central committee of the Creswick Relief Fund, it was leZted that money was coming in very freely. • John M"Hale, a nephew of the late Arch. wa faSP^jTV s found lvi^ drunk in the streets of Ballarat on Tuesday. Several loads of wheat have already been brought into the Benalla market. The Leral average yield is said to be very encourS The Minister of Railways, in reply to a deputation, stated that the whole quLion of the revision of the fares wasunder consideration. of Je victims of the Creswick calamity recently effected an insurance on his life. The man^paid Is. per week, and his widow receives Contributions to the fund for the relief of the families of the miners who were killed in the Australasian mine, Creswick, continue to be freely offered. A bill to provide for the better management of railways has been introduced tothe Assembly. It is thorongb, too much so for the taste of the House. Most of the clothes the starved seamstresses of Melbourne make are exported to Sydney or New Zealand. Philanthropists should shun that Melbourne brand. It is proposed to hold an Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition in November and December, 1884, and January, 1885 to celebrate the jubilee of the colony. A police constable stationed at Clunes, named Walter Ower, has been committed for trial for stealing 13s. from a drunken man whom he accompaifieii to his home. Mr. Neville Griffiths, MX.A. for East Sydney, has given a sum in aid and for the benefit of the girls on strike against Messrs. Beath, Schiess, and Co., Melbourne. The harvest in the Donald district is a complete failure. In one place, 12 acres only yielded 5 bags. In another four days' work with three strippers only gave 21 bags. A committee, including the Bishop of Melbourne, the Mayor of Melbourne, and the Minister of Pnblic Works, has been formed to inquire into the condition of the back slums. It is notified by the Postmaster-General that Christmas and other cards enclosed in envelopes weighing over half an ounce, unless c )mjiletely open at one end, will be charged as The verdict of the jury in the Hawthorn case is generally approved by the Press and the public. There is a unanimoiiR damand for a radical reform in the management of the Bailway Department. A lad named Thomas Campbell, 9 years of age, was engaged in flying a kite near some old mining workings at Dalesford, when he dropped into an excavation containing fiveleet of water, and was drowned. The income from railways is now £3000 per week in excess of any similar period in ihe history of the colony. The expenditure in damages for avoidable accidents is also unprecedented. The Avoca medical men state that the pollution of water by geese is a most fruitful source of typhoid fever, especially where the water is used for domestic puiposes oris drunk by milch cows. The Ballarat Courier understands that the Hon. Major Smith intends to present his Parliamentary allowance for this month to the Creswick Accident Relief Fund. The amount of this donation will be £25. Mr. Bosisto, M.L.A. has adopted the most pratical method of turning the mallee to account He has established a mallee oil distillery at Dimboola, which is now in full swing with large orders to execute. The Geelong Advertiser states that one of the recently appointed vine-inspcctors lately ordered a nop plant to be destroyed. The owner of the garden refused, and threatens to sue the Government if the plant is injured. Under the heading of "More Railway Bungling " a correspondent writes :—" The Berwick train was kept waiting at Oakleigh from 8.15 till 9 a.m. this morning. Lots of business people werekept in astate of suspense." Another burst of water occurred atthe mine of the New Australasian Company, Creswick, but the influx being gradual the men who were engaged in cleaning the works were enabled to reach the surface without encountering any damage. Circulars have been forwarded by the Secretary for Railways to the heads of the various branches of the department requesting them to assist in the efforts being made to raise funds for the relief of the families of the miners lost through the late mining accident at Creswick. Ex Senior-constable Doyle, of Ballarat, who recently retired from the force, walked into the barracks and fired two charges from a police revolver into the body and thigh of another constable. Death was instantaneous. Doyle has been unsuccessful in mining speculations. The Queen Victoria Tribute Company, Sutton's Reef, Reedy Creek, brought in 87oz. of retorted gold from a return of 15 tons of quartz. The reef from which this crushing was taken is lOin. thick. There appears a good future for this company. The Attorney-General does not consider there is any urgent necessity for appointing a permanent prothonotary. Mr. Barr asked the question in the Assembly, and received this reply. Mr. Firebrace fills the office temporarily. Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., was accorded a Masonic welcome in the Melbourne Townhall last week, when about 400 persons, including all the leading Fre- masons in the colony, were present. The affair was a brilliant success. In the Equity Court, Melbourne, a few days ago. Mr. A'Beckett obtained probate to the will of the R*v. Henry Backhaus, Doctor of Divinity, late of Brighton and Sandhurst, ihe value of deceased's estate was sworn at £75,202. We are informed that the Dimboola rabbit depot, for distributing poisoned grain lor the destruction of rabbits, will be re-opened on the 1st of January, and the active operations will then be re-commenced for ridding the country of the pest. The arrangements made by the Railway Department to meet the increased traffic at the metropolitan stations duriDg the Christmas season were not found sufficient, and as a consequence extra trains and extra vehicles of all sorts had to be brought into use on Saturday. _ The great musical festival, which consists of six performances, was opened at the Exhibition building, Melbourne, on Saturday evening by his Excellency the Governor. The festival has been looked forward to for months past with much eagerness, and there was a large audience. A _ professor of natural science and one of classics and English have been appointed for the Auckland College. Until recently the higher education of New Zealand has been imparted by the University of New Zealand, the University of Otago, and Canterbury College. Three new pictures which have been acquired by the trustees of the Melbourne Public Library have just arrived from Eogland, and have been hung in the National Gallery of that instutitioa. Two of them are by Waller H. Paton, B.S.A., and one by Sir Noel Paton, B.S.A., LL.D., H. Limner, for Scotland. A confession of rottenness. Mr. Mirls, the Locomotive Superintendent, said, when under examination, that the reason why a continuous brake was not applied to the Hobson Bay lines, as recommended by the Legislative Council, was that the condition of the rolling stock was such that it could not be applied with safety. Mr. J. H. Snipe has requested.the use of the Exhibition building to holdan Intercolonial Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition in November and December, 1884, to celebrate the jubilee of the colony. ,The trustees considered they were not in a position to deal with any pro* position for holding Ml Exhibition emanating from a pri- rat* source. A curious occurrence of events happened (says the Maryborough Advertiser) in the family of the late Mr. Shuttleworth, of Craigie. On the day of his death one daughter gave birth to a child, and another daughter was married. The latter was living at Ballarat, and was not aware at the time of her father's illness, which was of short duration. At the last sitting of the Police Commission, Mr. Chomley, Chief Commissioner of Police, recommended the disbandment of the detective force as at present organised. He was opposed to granting the franchise to the police. He denied that promotion was gained by Masonic or Orange influence, stating that he belonged to neither of those bodies. In connection with the Australasian accident, we (Oreswck Advertiser) learn that the man John Gower had a dream a few days before the occurrence, when he fanciedhe was shot through the forehead with a bullet, and that the blood flowed freely. It may be mentioned that when his body was found in the mine there was a cut on his forehead. Regarding the success of Australian exhibitions at the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition, our Paris correspondent writes on November 3 :— "Australian growers were successful to an extent that should encourage them to redouble their efforts in this branch of industry. The three colonies obtained altogether 79 prizes, including 16 gold and 29 silver medals. Tbe proper authorities are taking very prompt steps to prevent the overcrowding of steamers. Not only have they directed their attention to the excursion steamers plying in the Bay and adjacent harbors, but the Steam Navigation Board has had a list prepared showing the number of passengers each of the intercolonial steamers is licensed to carry. George Thomas, 24, son of Mr. W. C. Thomas, who was killed at Hawthorn, has died of grief. On learning of his father's death he became seriously unwell, took to his bed on the 13th, and was so bad that he had to be removed to tbe hospital; tbere he became quite emaciated and imbecile ; on 17th became unconscious, gradually sank, and died. The six railway carriages which arrived recently from England have been delivered at the railway workshops. One is a first-class, and the others are second class carriages. They are all very well finished, and were built in accordance with the requisitions of the locomotive superintend ant, Mr. Mirls. A noticeable feature is that all the compartments are very roomy. The Sydney Morning Herald, says that the Hawthorn accident was the result of mismanagement, and not of one official only, but of a bungling and irregular system in which too many masters had meddled, and considered that it has become a certainty that a Bailway Board of Management will result from the last of the great railway accidents in Melbourne. Around Dimboola in many places the yield will not pay for the seed sown, only about 3 bushels to tbe acre being the result. The best returns we have heard of are 9 and 10 bushels, which has been reaped in the timber country. In tbe Kiata district the yield is slightly better, but still greatly below the expectations formed at the commencement of tbe season. A meeting of members of the Legislative Assembly representing mining districts is to be held after the recess, to take definite action in regard to the suggestion made recently, during the discussion on the motion for a vote of £1000 towards the Creswick Belief Fund, to tbe effect that the sum should be increased to £10,000, and made the nucleus of a Miners' Accident Fund. The Anderson's Creek correspondent of the Telegraph says:—" While a miner named Carter was fishing, about 6 o'clock one morning last week, he observed a large fish swimming about on the surface of the water. Procuring a gun he shot it. His mate, who has had some years' experience in England curing salmon, &c.;, pronounced it a veritable English salmon. The fish weighed 41b. The first kiln of goods manufactured at the Beechworth Pottery Company's works at Hurdle Flat was turned outlast week and considering that they comprised the first trial burning, the articles—flower-pots, ornamental vases, milk pans, jugs, small drain-pipes, &c.; —are alike creditable to Mr. Plumridge, the manager, and prove beyond a doubt the excellence of the clay for the manufacture of earthenware. The Crown Law officers, after careful investigation, have decided to advise His Excellency the Governor to release the boys Punch and Cerbis, convicted at the Sandhurst Assizes in 1880 of rape. Since their incarceration the girl has stated that the more serious offence of which they were convicted was never perpetrated, ana investigation having shown this to be correct, His Excellency has orderd the discharge of the lads from custody. A meeting of gentlemen was held at Geelong last week for the purpose of co-operating in the movement to have a testimonial picture of Sir Charles Sladen placed in the National Gallery. It was stated that the idea of a large oil painting, the cost of which would be raised in the metropolis, met with approbation, but it was considered tbat residents in Geelong and elsewhere should be permitted to give their contributions also in testimony of respect to Sir Charles Sladen. A farmer named George Johnston, living on the Cres wick-road, Ballarat, was driving a bull from one paddock to another. tke animal turned ruuua and gored him most savagely, inflicting a frightful wound on the left side, extending from the armpit to the bottom of the abdomen. Two platelayers, who witnessed the occurrence, drove the animal away, and took Johnston home, where he was attended by Drs, Hudson and Usher, but little hope is given of his recovery. A remarkably rich discovery of treasuretrove (says the M. A» Mail) has been made at Richmond. An old out- building was being removed by a dealer from near the corner of Bridge-road aud Church-street, when three boxes were found in tbe cellars, one being full of bank notes, another containing jewellery, and the third other valuables. The building had just been purchased for removal from the Hon. Henry Miller. The place had lately been used as a dwelling-house, but formerly as an hotel. The Minister of Mines has received a letter from Mr. W. P. Jones, legal manager of the New Australasian Company at Creswick, thanking him for his promptitude in sending up divers with their appliances on the occasion of the recent disaster. He states that several practical men believed thee divers would have been of great use, but that tbe rapid mastering of tbe water by the pumps and baling rendered it inexpedient to make use of their services, as thereby operations in lifting the water would have been retarded. The report of tbe Board for the Protection of the Aboriginies for the year ending 30th June last stated that there are 556 persons on the several stations, of whom 158 are children and between the ages of 4 and 15. Of tbe total number 258 are balf-castes. There are upwards of 300 supplied by tbe board who do net reside at any of the stations. The balance-sheet shows that the receipts for the year were £8,502 17B. 6d., including a balance from the previous 12 months of £304 Is. 3d. Tbe balance carried forward to next year is £274 9a. 9d. Country journals complain tbat tbere is something very difficult to understand in connection with the issue of holiday excursion tickets by tbe Bailway Department. In the Melbourne journals it bas been stated with eome show of authority that a fortnight since the Minister of Bail ways gave instructions that passengers were allowed to break their journeys on these tickets. Notifications have been, however, forwarded to several country newspapers stating the journeys cannot be broken on these tickets. Hence the complaints. [A notice since received announces that the journey may be broken.] There was one incident in connection with the collision that I (" John Peerybingle") haven't seen in any of the papers. It is a positive fact, for I had it from one living close to the line, and who was one of the first on the scene to help the sufferers. Amongst those extricated from the wreck was a lady who seemed terribly shaken. She was as pale as a ghost, and trembled like a leaf in a breeze. She seemed to be quite dated for a minute or two after she was got out, but gradually her senses returned to her. Tbe firat words she stammered out were " My n-n-new p-parasol is in the c-c-carriage V The Bill to Amend the Geelong District Tine Disease Act, which was before the Assembly last week, contained the following clause :—" No plant shall be removed out of the Geelong vine disease district until the Governor in Council makes an order to the effect that danger of communication of the phylloxera disease thereby is no louger, in his opinion, to be apprehended, and any person removing or causing to be removed any plant in contravention of the provisions of this section shall, on conviction thereof, be liable to a penally not exceeding £50, and all plants so removed shall be forfeited and destroyed." A public meeting was held in the Echuca Town-ball, for tbe purpose of expressing sympathy and assisting the bereaved relatives of thoBe who lost their lives by the Creswick disaster. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Father Macgillicudy in the absence of the mayor. A resolution expressing hearty sympathy with the movement initiated for the relief of the sufferers by the accident, and promising to assist in a practical way by forwarding contributions :o the central committee in Melbourne, was carried. An influential committee was appointed to canvass for subscriptions in the town and district. The sum of £30 was collected in the hall. From the quarterly returns of mining surveyors and mining registrars, published in the Victorian Government Gazette we extract the following :—For the Mitta Mitta South subdivision of the Beechworth mining district, the registrar reports :—" The only crushing done lor the past quarter was one of 40 tons from the Yellow Girl Reef, which gave a yield of 12£ dwts. to the ton. The works at the White Stone Reef are about to be suspended for want of machinery. Moncrieff and Co.'s alluvial claim, at the Junction, have had a washing-up, giving a yield of 130 ozs. tor twelve months for three men. A new reef has been discovered on the Dart River, called the Sperm Whale ; it gives very good prospects, but there has been no trial crushing as yet therefrom. The Mouutaiu Gift mine, on the Dart River, is now under the control ot a company ; the works are progressing favourably, and machinery is about to be erected. The great drawback in this subdivision is the bad state of the tracks, consequently mschinery cannot at present be got to its destination without considerable outlay and loss of time.*' For the Betban^a subdivision the registrar reports :—" Tbe number or IOUH UF w^w pyiliea crushed during the quarter was 351, from which only 228 tons were actually treated lor the extraction or gold, leaving 123 tons on hand. The amount of gold obtained from the 228 tons was 75oz. or an average ol' 6 dwts. 13'80 grs. per ton." With regard to Mitta Mitta North the report runs as follows :—" There is very little to report for the past quarter. Grant and Sons crushed 313 tons of quartz, which yielded 189 oz. of gold ; aud also 9 tons of pyrites, which yielded 44 oz. of smelted gold. This is the only battery from which any returns were obtained. Work at the Alfred Tin Mines is progressing, but 110 returns are to hand of any ore having been treated as yet. 