SHEARERS! MU' 'AT'’NIGHT. while tne " doctor clears away nun ms “ off-sidcr ” washes up, two of the slush lamps'—the orthodox bush candle—are lit, and conversation becomes general. “ Wei1, how many did yer cut to-day, Lovely?” asked an undersized, nnggety individual, of a lengthy six-foot, slab built ‘‘ cornstalk.” “About a ‘.century,’ ” returned Slab1 “ Some, uv them’ wethers is pretty stiff, eh ?" “ My colonial I them’s bad sheep for learners, and that ‘panikin overseer’ that’s bossing the shed wants ’em with no ridges and no belly wool. But here’s.the “prayer books” coming. Was yer ahead of it last night ? I was in about half a pound.” - This conversation relates to the approaching interesting social pastime of gambling for tobacco, indulged in nightly by the greater portion of our shearing friends; the majority to their loss and’chagrin, and a few to their gain. The gainers arc not as a rule the hardest wovking and smartest shearers,; but those < \vho only use the shearing season as a means to an end. Thcsc.men generally turn out Jute. worJc only for a short time, and then return to the but to await .night and their less'experienced messmates at ,cards.. But our friends have distributed themselves by; .this time into .little groups.or “schools,” and gambling com mences. : One or two of the smaller groups are indulging in four-handed euchre or crib bage for the mild stakes of a fig a corner. Up-country people do;not as a rule smoke cake tobacco, but that'kind known as fig— Barret’s twist for instance will furnish, an example. There a fellow has actually got the largest hand in cribbagc, the four fives and a Jack. Let us turn to the school our friend who invited us to supper has essayed to try his luck in. "The game this party arc dismissing is “poker-” (pocco) or “ante-up,” and is played somewhat as follows:—Each gamester in-turn deposits on; the table a stipulated stake, known as “ the ante.” The u«c of the pocket-knife yon see. passed from each man to his left hand neighbour acts as a guarantee that each player fulfils -this rule .of the game, .as the knife, known, by the tech nical term of “ the buck,”, comes to him. Should lie. forget to pass “the buck;”; he must “ ante”'again. :TUe amount is gene rally aefig, in money value about fourpence to sixpence. Each, man.receives five cards, which form quite a number of combinations, known by various gaming technicalities that would considerably puzzle a novice to trans late. ■ When the game : is played with the full pack of cards itis; termed “full-deck if only played with the picture cards at eacu sun, " iwcaiy-uecs. iuc social combinations are variously nomenclatured thus:—“A routine flush” consists, of the hand being all oE the same suit, and a sequence, like king, queen, jack, ten, nine of hearts. , This hand can only be beaten by 1 fours;” say four sevens. " It is considered to be an extraordinary piece of good fortune to get possession of either of these in “ full deck” poker; though the “routine flush ” will appear somewhat'oftener in “twenty deck,” in which it cannot-be beaten. The next in order is “a full hand,” say three queens and two fives. . Then “.a flush ” in which the cairls are all of- the same color, but hot a sequence such as a king, ten, eight, four, and deuce of spades.- “Threes” follow, say, three queens. Thch.cbmes,“a runaway,” being cards of different suits but a sequence, like the ace of. diamonds, .king of clubs,' queen .of spades, jack of diamonds, and ten of clubs. ' The next Of lesser value is “two1, pairs,” like two sevens and two sixes.' - The last two-hands and the smallest in!,value are “a pair” like two queens. - Then comes “ace high.” or whatever, card'is of most value' in the band; A good fearless player will often win more stakes with.thcsc dasttbah' with those of ' greater value, provided; he be an, adept at.,.“ bluffing ” <• or- . Bouncing-; that is raising the stakes sO high that an opponent will imagine that lie has a valuable hand, and- will nut his cards down; thus forfeiting (he right to the stakes or pool. Another feature-of the game, is “ going a blind'” that is putting in a stake before looking at the cards. In order to play or “ see a blind " it is . necessary for the opponent to “ straddle ” it. that is, put in just the double of the “blind.”. For instance, “ the blirid man” puts in two figs of tobacco for a stake, any other player must put in four' figs'. Sometimes several players “see the blind,” and then it. is that excitement runs.high, and the gambling mania is most apparent. Should no One oppose “ the blind man ".fie draws, the stakes, consisting of the “nnle,” and whatever he has deposited in the pool. Sometimes “the blind” is “.straddled ”. by another player, who does not look at liis cards, and it requires, three times the. amount “ blinded ” to see either hand. Should these two wish “ to see” each other, the player who first “went blind” has to equalize the stakes by making up; the “straddling” deficiency, and, of course, the one having the most valuable'hand takes the pool, which latter may have also been enhanced by one or more1 of the “ blind men’s ” opponents essaying a venture for the pool, but owing to “a rise” cropping in were afraid to stake any, higher than the ■original'amount required “to sec the blind.” The “rising,"'or more grammatically raising, of the stakes is the principal feature of the game, and the one that causes many a shearer .to foreswear.11 poker." But of course Melbourne people know all about cards, at least Melbourne cardshaipers periodically visit the bush to 11 take-down " the -poor Bushman, so that explanation of the game is probably needless. We will! however, watch the players, and see who will at the end of a couple of hours have the largest pile of tobacco. There are some good hands' out now. . Watch the • expression of the players, and note how.eager each one is desirous of winning. That beardless lad in the corner has Oa full hand ” or something good by the way he shakes.* The- old gamblers: are watching him. they will not11 see”-him when he ’raises the. stakes .except they have very good hands. The player sifting third from the dealer has t1 chipped ” a fig. the: man next him has n chipped ” also, and. risen it two figs in pddition, . Four figs are .in the pool now". It is the boy’s turn, (Our suspicions of the good hand’are correct!) “ I’ll rise It half a-pound,-’" lie says,!that is ten-figs more, making fourteen figs in the pool. . “I’ll see that .-and raise it a pound,” says our. friend 1 with the .cabbage-tree. The pool is thus increased to’thirty-four figs. The next four players have- packed their hands, .they know; that there is some.“ warm paper ” out. The dealer will have nothing to do with it, nor the. next two players. The first11 chipper " “ sees” the, whole'of the stakes, and raises1 them another1 two pounds. Seventy-four figs of tobacco is now-in’ the pool, . The man who .first rose the , play interjects, 11 I’m’ out of it I” The .boy7, a “learner” . both at. shearing and' poker, trembles like an aspen leaf, his lips’ are •white,'and the sweat rtands on hisiorchead as he pauses to .consider whether,he shall venture, to make' good the.,amount of pool required, in his case amounting to nearly four pounds of tobacco, or about twenty-five to thirty shillings in mnney value. :11 I’ll see it out,” he says,, and gives his promise to make np the amount if the station store is closed, and’be is unable tp get more tobacco. Our friend also pauses,1 and probably says to himself, “This boy may he a ‘stonewaller 1”.’ It is. only for a moment, he is doubtless an old hand at this. “lTl see it too, and rise it two pounds more.” This frightens the others, and they all hastily pack theircards save the hoj, whose hands appear to be afflicted . with palsy, lie thinks for a moineni, and at last agrees to make good the advanced amount. “ What, have yer found,” he tremulously queries. 11 Four jacks," responds his opponent as he spreads out his cards on the table. The hoy is as white as a ghost," he- throws down his three aces and two kings with an oath, and leaves .the tabic a poorer lad* by nearly six pounds . of tobacco, or something over £2 .sterling, a great deal more than lie lias earned in a I fortnight after paying his “ tucker-bill " and the cook. Yet if.you are here to-morrow! night he will be playing again, but very j cautiously, Dainc Fortune lias betrayed him | so. The tables are getting deserted, snoring j is beginning to be heard from all parts of the hut : Here’s two spare bunks, chaps, so 1 spread yer blucies,” suggests Cabbage-tree. The iasfc to turn in'puts out the slush lamps, though they'are often left to burn themselves out. A bunk itf a luxury after camping under a tree for a few nights, and you arc 60on in the arms of Morpheus. You arc awakened by the noise of the shearers getting their coffee and cake before turning to for a couple of hours before brexkf.ist. Though pressed to stay to breakfast you are anxious to proceed on your journey, and after partaking of some of the mocha and “spot” (cake) you saddle your nags, and striking into a canter soon leave the a toma hawkers”’ camp in the rear, acknowledging \ that you can find genuine hospitality,'and ample food for reflection besides, even by sojourning for a night at a shearw’s hut, 