MISCELLANY. Tlic .UoHiiufto Pltisrue. Mosquitoes arc altogether intolerable, in many respects worse than scorpions. The simple fact that a scorpion can la4 caught removes much of its terrors. It can be nicked up with the tongs, nnd thrust into the kitchen lire, or n brick can be dropped upon it, and the remains kept in spiritsof wine. A scorpion is b fact ,' and therefore assailable.. It can he pum melled and kicked into tlic street. It- is in onr power to apprehend it nml punish it. Thero is solidity about it, for a scorpion will sink in water. Wu can make b parcel of it and throw it out of the window. It lends itself, being mnterinl, to every possible treatment, mid invests pursuit, capture, nnd subsequent destruc tions with n certain dignity. With tbo mosquito notio of tills is possible. It is a voice only, but a voico with a proboscis — a phantom with a beak, a ghost thnt bites. It is not to he caught, hut if it is, there is nothing in tho hand wortli mentioning. The captor can not he proud of his residue, . for the remains of a dead ghost are tho merest tiifJc. dho meanest of men would not hesitate to tiirow them away. It is not possible, ns with a scorpion, to wait until it settles, and then stamp upon it, lor no man can stand on the uapo of his own neck, or permit another to do so. Aor is it of any use to toko the fire-irons to tuo mosquito, or to set a dog upon it. A man would look absurd who went after one with n thick stick, or throw his hoots nt it. Tho mere passage of the tllo hand through tho mr blows n mosquito ntvny, .vet this gossamer nothing, this aerial ephemerid, paralyzes the intellect and turns the human affections to gnli. The very littleness of tho persecutor iinbitters lire. If the kitchen (inker could lie -of any use, they -might coma on ly bat talions, lint tliorc is not enough in n mosquito - to strike. Out from some dark corner tho small tiling comes in tho twilight, piping a vicious catechism ns it flics. It cnrefully reconnoitres its prey," nnd settles upon tho point selected ns .lightly ns n shadow. It has. taken it half an hour to make up its mind, and its Immnn foe sits all the time breathe; less mid motionless, while the exasperat ing. sing-song comes mid goes, rises ' and fails, now at; ono; eaiy how;iit' another, round behind his- head, anil tiion down .to .tlic nukles'- j but at 'last lie' ceases. The-: mosquito has settled," nnd - the' moment forvongonce hns nrrived; - Hns -it.?— Tlie intention -is excellent;- nud-tlie vigor of tho blow undeniable, but what is tliero to" slioiv ? A" pimple; nothing .more— nil irritating, and.- unnecessary, pimple.; .-- . . . 