%\t litany Jttlfo, THE KOOSIER SCHOOL BOY. [By Edward Eggleston, in St. Nicholas.] Chapter XVL— An Exploring Expedi iiojt. There was nothing for Jack to do but- to re turn to town and make the best of it But all the way back, the tired and discouraged boy felt that his last chance of becoming au educated man had vanished. He told his mother about his attempt on Mr. Gray's feel ings and of his failure. They discussed the matter the whole evening, and could see no chance for Jack to get the education he wanted. 'I mean to die a-trying,' said Jack, doggedly, as he went off to bed. M*?*s The next day but one, there came a letter to Mrs. Dudley that increased her perplexity. *' 'V/\I1T» Aunt *FTgnnn.Vi 4a oi/*lr ' sha antsi *-t\ Jack, 'and I must go to take care of her. I don't know what to do with you.' 'I'll go to Port William to school,' said Jack. 'See if I don't.' 'How?' asked his mother. 'We don't know a soul on that side of the river. You couldn't make any arrangement.' ' May be I can,' said Jack. ' Bob Holli day used to live on the Indiana side, opposite Port William. I mean to talk with him.' Bob was setting onions in one of the onion patches which abounded about Greenbank, and which were, from March to July, the principal sources of pocket-money to the boys. Jack thought best to wait until the day's work was finished. Then he sat where Greu bank boys were fond of sitting, on the sloping top-board of a broad fence, and told his friend Bob of his eager desire to go to Port William. ' I'd like to go, too,' said Bob. ' This is the last year's schooling I'm to have.' ' Don't you know any house, or any place, where we could keep ' bach ' together ?' ' W'y, yes,' said Bob, ' if you didn't mind rowing across the river every day I've got a skiff, and there's the old hewed-log house on the Indianny side where we used to live. A body might stay as long as he pleased in that house, I guess. Judge Kane owns it, and he's one of the best-hearted men iu the country.' ' It's eight miles down there,' said Jack. ' Only seven if you go by water,' said Bob. ' Let's put out to-morry morning early. Let's go in the skiff; we can row and cordelle it up the river again, though it is a job.' Bright and early, the boys started down the river, rowing easily with the strong, steady current of the Ohio, holding their way to Judge Kane's, whose house was over against Port William. This Judge Kane was au in telligent and wealthy farmer, liked by every body. He was not a lawyer, but had once held the office of 'associate judge,' and hence the title, which suited his grave de meanor. He looked at the two boys out of his small, grey, kindly eyes, hardly ever speaking a word. He did not immediately answer when they asked permission to occupy the old, unused log-house, but got them to talk about their plans, and watched them closely. Then he took them out to see his bees. He showed them his ingenious hives and a bee-house which he had built to keep out. the moths bv drawinsr chalk-linea s.Virmt. it, for over these lines the wingless grub of the moth could not crawl. Then he showed them a glass hive, in which all the processes of the bees' housekeeping could be observed; After that, hetook the boystotheoldlog-house, and pointed out some holes in the roof that would have to be fixed. And even then he did not give them any answer to their re quest, but told them to stay to dinner and he would see about it, all of which was rather hard on boyish impatience. They had a good dinner of fried chicken and biscuits and honey, served in the neatest manner by the motherly Mrs. Kane. Then the judge sug gested that they ought to see Mr. Niles about taking them into the school. So his skiff was launched, and he rowed with them across the river, which is here about a mile wide, to Port William. Here he introduced them to Mr. Mies, an elderly man, a little bent, and a little positive in his tone, as is the habit of teachers, but with true kindness in bis manner. -The boys- had much pleasure at recess time in greeting their old scchool- mates, Harvey Collins, Henry Weathervane, and, above all, Susan Lan ham, whom they called Professor. These three took a sincere interest in the plans of Bob and Jack, and Susan spoke a good word for them to Mr. Niles, who, on his part,' offered to give Jack Latin without charging him anything more than the rates for scholars in the English branches. Then they rowed back to Judge Kane's landing, where he told them they could have the house without rent, and that they could get slabs and other waste ai his little saw-mill' to fix up the cracks. Then he made kindly suggestions as to the furniture they should bring — mentioning a lantern, an axe, and various other articles necessary for a camp life. They bade him good-bye, and started home, now rowing against the current and now cordelling along the river shore, when they grew tired of row ing. In cordelling, one sits in the skiff aud steers, while the other walks on the shore, drawing the boat by a rope, over the shoul ders. The work of rowing and cordelling was hard, but they carried light and hopeful hearts. Jack was sure now that he should overcome all obstacles and get a. good educa tion. As for Bob, he had no hope higher than that of worrying through vulgar fractions be fore settling down to hard work. 7 Chapter XVIL— Housekeeping Expe riences. Mrs. Dudley having gone to Cincinnati the next day to attend her sister who was ill, Jack was left to make his arrangements for housekeeping with Bob. Each of the boys took two cups, two saucers, two plates, and two knives and forks. Things were likely to get lost or broken, and therefore they pro vided duplicates. Besides they might nave company to dinner some day, and, moreover, they would need the extra dishes to 'hold things,' as Jack expressed it. They took no tumblers, but each was provided with a tin cup. Bob remembered the lantern, and Jack put in an axe. They did not take much food; they could buythatof farmers in Port William. They got a ' gang,' or, as they called it, a ' trot- line,' to lay down in the river for cat fish, perch, and shovel-nose sturgeon, for there was no game-law then; Bob provided an iron pot to cook the fish in, and Jack a fiying pan and 'tea-kettle. Their bedding consisted of an empty tick, to be filled with straw in Judge Kane's barn, some equally empty pillow-ticks, and a pair of brown sheets ana two blankets. But with one thing and another the bkiff was well loaded. A good many boys stood ou the bank as they embarked, and among them was Columbus, who had a feeling that his best friends were about to desert him, and who would gladly have been one of the party if he could have afioided the expense. In the little wow d w hicb. watched the em barkaucn was Hunk Ruthbone, an old hunter aid pionetr, who' made several good sugges -tiviis atout their method of loaning the boas. 'But w litre's your stove ?' hea^ked. ** fetove ':' &aiu; Bob. ' We can't take a stove in this thing. There's a 'big old firc piatL- i»i Uie house that'll do tu cook by.'' ''.LuT- ht»t w- other's coming boon,' said old Haiik-, 'Aud then you'll want to cook out in the ?&u; 1 reckon. XJcaides, it taken a pmwer , ct Kci«-l for a fire-place.' If one of you will right sort, that'll go into a skiff, and that won't weigh more'n three or four pounds and that won't cost but about two bits.* Jack readily agreed to buy as good a thing as a stove for twenty-five cents, and BO he went with Hank Rathbone to the tin-shop, stopping to get some iron on the way. Two half -inch round rods of iron five feet long were cut and sharpened at each end. Then the ends were turned down so as to make on each rod two pointed legs of eighteen inches in length, and thus leave two feet of the rod for a horizontal piece. , 'Now,' said the old hunter, 'you drive about six inches of each leg into the ground, and stand them, about a foot apart. How for atop.' For this he had a piece of sheet-iron cut out two feet long and fourteen inches wide, with a round kettle-hole near one end. The edges of the long sides of the sheet-iron were bent down to fit over the rods. ' Lay that over your rods,' said Hank, ' and you've got a stove two feet long, one foot high, and more than one foot wide, and you can build your fire of chips, instid of logs. You {can put your tea-kettle, pot, pipkin, griddle, skillet, ov gridiron on to ths hole.' The old man eyed it admiringly. ' It's good for b'flin', fryin', or brilin', and all fer two bits. They ain't many young couples gits set up as cheap as that!' An hour and a naif of rowing down-stream broughttheboystotheoldcabin. The life there involved more hard work than they had ex pected. Notwithstanding Jack's experience in helping his mother tne baking of corn bread, and the frying of bacon or fish were difficult tasks, and both the boys had red faces when supper was on the table. But as time wore on they became skilful, and though the work was hard it was done patiently and pretty welL Between cooking and cleaning, and fixing, and getting wood, and rowing to school and back, there was not a great deal of time left for study out of school, but Jack made a beginning in Latin, and Bob perspired quite as freely over the addition of fractions as over the frying-pan. They rarely had recreation, excepting that of tain ng the fish off their trot-line in the morning, when there were any on it. Once or twice they allowed themselves to visit an Indian mound or burial- place on the summit of a neighboring hill, where idle boys and other loungers had dug up many bones and thrown them down the declivity. Jack, who had thoughts of being a doctor, made an effort to gather a complete Tndi^n skeleton, but the dry bones had become too much mixed up. He could not get any three bones to fit together, and his man, as he tried to put him together, was the most miscellaneous creature imaginable — neither man, woman, nor child. Bob was a little afraid to have these human ruins stored under the house, lest he wright some night see a ghost with war-paint and tomahawk; but Jack, as be came a boy of scientific tastes, pooh-poohed all superstitions orsentimental considerations in the matter. He told Bob that if he should ever see the ghost which that framework- be longed to it would be the ghost of the whole Shawnee tribe, for there were nearly as many individuals represented as there were bones in the skeleton. The one thing that troubled Jadk was that he couldn't get rid of the image of Columbus as they had seen him when they left Green bank, standing sorrowfully on the river bank. The boys often debated between themselves how they could manage to have him one of their party, but they were both too poor to pay the small tuition fees, though Ms board would not cost much. They^could not see any way of getting over the difficulty, bat they talked with Susan about it, and Susan took hold of the matter in her fashion by ?writing to her father on the subject. The result of her energetic effort was that one afternoon, as they came out of school, when the little packet steamer was landing at the wharf, who should come ashore but Christopher Columbus, in his best but thread bare clothes, tuggingaway at an old-fashioned carpet-bag, which was too much for him to carry. Bob seized the carpet-bag and almost lifted the dignified Rttle lad himself off his feet in his joyful welcome, while Jack, finding nothing eke to do, stood still and hurrahed. They soon had the dear little spindleshanks and his great carpet-bag stowed away in the skiff. As they rowed to the north bank of the river Columbus, ex plained how Dr. Tianham had undertaken to pay his expenses if the boys would take him into partnership, but he said he was 'most afraid to come because he couldn't chop wood, and he wasn't good for much in doing the work. ' Never mind, honey,' said Bob. ' Jack and I don't care whether you work or not. You are worth your keep any time.' 'Yes,' said Jack, 'we even tried hard yesterday to catch a young owl to make a pet of, but we couldn't get it. You see we're so lonesome.' ' I suppose I'll do for a pet owl, won't I ?' said little Columbus, with a strange and quiz zical smile on his meagre face. And as he sat there in the boat, with his big head and large eyes, the name seemed so appropriate that Bob and Jack both laughed outright. But the Pet Owl made himself useful in some ways. I am sorry to say that the house keeping of Bob and Jack had not always been of the tidiest kind. They were boys, and they were in a hurry. But Columbus had the tastes of a girl about a house. He did not do any cooking or chopping to speak of, but he fixed up. He kept the house neat, cleaned the candlestick every morning, and washed the windows now' and then, and as spring ad vanced he brought in haudf uls of wild flowers. The boys declared that they had never felt at home in the old house until the Pet Owl came to be its mistress. He wouldn't let anything be left around out of place, but all the pots, pans, dishes, coats, bats, books, slates, the lantern, the bootjack, and other slender fur niture were put in order before school time, so that when they got back in the afternoon ? the place was inviting and home-like. When ?Judge Kane and his wife stopped during their Sunday afternoon stroll to see how the lads got on, Mrs. Kane praised their house keeping. 'That's all the doings of the Pet O^V said Bob. ' Pet Owl ! Have you one V asked Mrs. Kane. The boys laughed, and Bob explained that Columbus was the pet. That evening the boys had a box of white honey for supper, sent over by Mrs. Kane, and the next Saturday afternoon Jack and Bob helped Judge Kane finish planting his corn-field. One unlucky day, Columbus discovered Jack's box of tnHiaTi bones under the house, and he turned pale and had a fit of shivering fora long time afterward. It was necessary to move the box into an old stable to quiet his shuddering horror. The next Sunday afternoon the Pet. Owl came in with another fit of terror shivering as before. 'What's the matter now, Lummy?' said Jack. ' Have you seen any more Indians?' ' Pewee and his crowd have gone up to the Indian Mound,' said Columbus. ' Well, let 'em go,' said Bob. ' I suppose they know the way, don't they ? I should like to see them. I've been so long away from Greenbank that even a yellow dog from there would be welcome.' {To be continued.) 