\- ■ THAT ^ LASS O' LOWRIE'S. A LANCASHIRE STORY. By Frances Hodgson1 Burnett. Author of "Tbeo." Chapter XXII.—Master La.yoski.o's Sox. "I duunot know what "to mak' on her* Joan said to Anice, speakifig of Liz. ".Some times she is i' sicli sperrits that she's fairly flighty, and then again, shels aw fretted an' crossed with • ivvcrything. Th' ohoiid seems to worrit her to death." "That lass o' Lowrie's has made a had bargain i'takin'up wi' that weneli," said a townswoman to Grace. "She's noan,one o' th' soart as'llkeop straight; She's as shallow as a brook i' midsummer.. What's she doiu' leavin' tli' yoimg un to Joan, and gaddiu' about wi' ribbons i! her bonnet,!Some lasses would na ha' th' heart to show theirsens.", The.truth was that the poor weak child was struggling feebly in deep water again. She .had not thought of danger. She had .only been tired of the monotony of her existence, and had longed for a change. If she had seen the end she would have shrunk from it .'before she.had taken her first step. She - • wanted no more trouble and sliame, she only - wanted variety and exitement. She was going down a by-lane leading t° the Maxys'cottage, and was hurrying through tlie twilight, when she brushed against "a man who was lounging carelessly along the path, smoking a cigar, and evidently enjoying the balmy coolness of the summer evening. It was just light enough for her to see that this person was well-dressed, and young, and with a certain lazily graceful way of moving, and it was just light enough foi' the man to see that the lialf-frightened face she lifted was pretty and youthful. But, having seen this much, he must surely have recognised more, for he made a quick backward step. \- " Liz!" he said. " Why, Liz, niy girl! " ; And" Liz stood still. She stood still, be cause, for tlic moment, she lost the power of motion. Her heart gave a great wild leap, . and in a minute more she was trembling all over with a strange, dreadful emotion. It seemed as if long, terrible-months were blotted out, and she was looking into her cruel lover's face as she had looked.at it Ia3t. It was the man who had brought her to her -greatest happiness and her deepest pain and raiery. She could not speak at first; but soon she broke into a passion of tears. It evidently made the young-man uncomfortable —perhaps it touched him a little. Ralph Landsell's nature was not unlike Liz's own. He was invariably swayed by the passing cir cumstance— only, perhaps^ he was a trifle more easily moved by an evil impulse than a good one. The- beauty of the girl's tearful face, too, overbalanced his first feeling of irritation at seeing her, aud finding that he was in a difficult position. Then he did not want her to ^run away and perhaps betray him in her * agitation, so he put out his hand and laid it oii her shoulder. ~ • i "Hush," he said. "Don't'cry. What.a poor little goose you are. Somebody will hear you." The girl made an effort to free himself from his detaining hand, but it was useless. Light as his grasp was it held her. " Let me a-be," she cried, sobbing petu lantly. "Yo'ka' no reet to hold me. Yo' war ready enow to let me go when—when I wur i' trouble." • " Trouble l"- he repeated after her. "Wasn't I in trouble, too ?' You don't mean to say you did not know what a mess I was in ? I'll ovyn it looked rather shabby, Liz, but I was obliged io bolt as I did. I hadn't time to stay and explain. The governor "was down on us, and there'd have been an awful row. Don't be hard on a fellow, Lizzie. You're— you're-too nice a-little girl to be hard on a fellow." But Liz, would not listen. - " Yo' went away an' left me wi'out a word," she said; " yo' went away an' left me to tak' care o' mysen when I could na do it, an' had na strength to howd up agen the "world. I wur turned out o' house an' home, an' if it had na been fur tli' liospytal I might ha' deed i' th' street. Let me go. I duunot want to ha' awt to do wi' yo'. I nivver wanted to 3ce yore face again. Leave mc a-be. It's ower now, an' I dunnot want to get into trouble again." ' .. i He drew his hand away, biting his liptand frowning boyishly. He had been as fond of Liz as such a man could be. But she had been a trouble to him in the end, and he had barely escaped, through his cowardly flight, from being- openly disgraced and visited by his father's wrath. • " ; "If you had not gone awayinsucli a hurry, you would have found that I did not meahto treat you so badly after all," he said. "I wrote to you . and sent you- money,.and told you why I was obliged to leave you foi- the time, but you were gone, and the letter was returned to me. I was not so nuich to blame." Th' blame did na fa' on yo'," said Liz. "I tell yo' I wur turnt out, but—it—it does 11a matter now," with a sob. How that she was out of his reach he dis covered that she had not lost all her old attractions for him. She was prettier than ever; the shawl had slipped from her curly hail-, the tears in her eyes made them look large and soft, and gave her face an expres sion of most pathetic helplessness, and he really felt that he would like to defend, if not clear himself. So, when she made a move ment as if to leave him, he was positively . anxious to detain her. " " You are not going," he said. " You wont leave a fellow in this way, Lizzie ?" The old tone, half earessing, half reproach ful, was harder for the girl to withstand tbau "a stronger will could comprehend. It brought back sOjjnucli to liex-—those first bright days, lier poor, brief little reign, lier childish plea sures, his professed love for lier, all her lost delight. If she had been deliberately bad she would have given way that instant, know ing that she was trifling on . the brink of sin once more. But she was not bad, only emotional, weak, and wavering. The tone held her one moment and then she burst into fresh tears. * ' * • "I wunuot listen to yo'," she cried. "I wunnot listen to yo!. I wunnot—I wunnot,"' and before he had time to utter another word she had turned and fled down the lane back towards Joan's cottage, like soiuc hunted creature fleeing for life. " Joan, sitting alone, rose in alarm, when she burst open the door and rushed in. She was quivering from head to foot, panting for breath, 'and the " tears'" were wet upon lier cheeks. . , "What is it?" cried Joan. "Lizzie, my lass, what ails yo'' .. She threw herself down upon the floor and hid:her- face in'the folds of -Joan's dres3, . •' I—ha'—I ha' seed a ghost,, or—sumuiat," she panted and whimpered. " I—I met sum mat as feart me." ... • "Lefc'me go uuid look what-it Win-," said Joan. • " Was it ri' th' lane? Tha art tremb lin'aw. o!er,: Lizzie." • But Liz only clung-io her more closely. "Hay—nay," she protested. "Tha shall na go. . I'm feart;, to; be • left—an'—an' I dunnot want yo' to go. Dunnot go, Joan, diuinot."'. • \ . - And'Joan was faiii to remain; ■ Sho did not go. out into the village f01 several days after .this Joan observed. - She stayed-at home add 'did* not 'even leave the cottage. She was not -like herself, either. .Up to that time she had seemed |o be for getting her trouble, and " gradually slipping " back into the enjoyments she had known before, she-had- gone away. 'How-a olqud seemed to .be upon her.: She. .was trustless and. nervous, or listless and unhappy.' ;She was easily startled, .and now and, then Joan fancied that she was expecting something unusual to happen. She' lost color and appetite, and the child's presence troubled • lier..mote than usual. Once, when it set up a sudden cry, she started, aud the next moment burst into tears. . * . "Why, Liz!" said Joan, almost tenderly, "•Yo' mun be ailin,' or yd' diannot getten o'er yoke Tfright yet. -Yo're not yoresen at aw. What a simple little lass yo' are to he feart by a boggartJ.' tliat'way." ! " 1 dunnot'know. what's the matter wi' me," said.- Liz, "Ic dunnot feel; reet, " sdlneliow. Happen I shall get o'er It i1 toime.""" But thtntgh she recovered herself some what, she was not the same girl again'.;, And this change in her ik was'thafr made Joan open lier- heart to Anice. . She saw that some thing was wrong, and noted a new influence at work, even after the girl began to go out again and resume her visits to her acquaint ances. Then,-, alternating with .fretful list lessness, canie tremulous high spirits and feverish fits pf gaiety. . .. There canie a day, however, when Joan rrained a chid"to the .meaning of this altera tion, though never from her first recognition of it, until tlie' end came, did she comprehend it fully. Perhaps she was wholly unconscious of what narrower natures experience, At least lier unconsciousness was a noble one. Then, too, 'she had little opportunity for hearing gossip. She had no visitors, and she was kept much at home Witlr tlie;'cliild, who was not healthy, and who, during the summer iiionths, was constantly feeble-and ailing. Grace, hearing nothing more after the first hint of suspicion, was.so. far relieved that lie thought it best to spare Joan the pain of ; being stung by it. But there came a piece of news to Joan that troubled her. .; ; , "There's a young sprig'o1 one o' th* : managers stayin'at - tli' Queen's:Arms,'' re marked a. i>it wpm&n; one morning..' "Tie's a foine young 'ctiajY too—dresses up loike a .. tailor's dummy,, an' looks as if lie'd stepped / reet square out o' a bandbox. He's a son o' ©wd Landsell's." Joan stopped a moment at her work, "Are yo' sure o' that?" she asked anxiously. "Sure he's-Hester Landsell's son? Aye, to be sure it's him, My mester tbwd mc hissen." This was Liz's trouble then. At noon Joan went home full of self reproach because sometimes her patience had failed her, Liz looked up with traces of tears in her eyes when Joan came in. Joau did not hesitate. She only thought of giving her comfort. She went and sat down in a chair near by—she drew the curly head down upon her lap, and laid her hand on it caressingly. "Lizzie, lass," she said, " yo'need na ha' been afeared to tell me." There was a quick little pant from Liz, and then a stillness. "I heard about it to-day," Joan went on, "an' I did na wonder as yo' wur full o trouble. It brings it back, Liz, I daresay." The pant became a sob—the sob broke into a low cry. " Oh, Joan, Joan! dunnot blame me— dunnot. It wur na my fault as he coom, an': —an' I canna bear it." Even then Joan had no suspicion. To her mind it was quite natural that such a cry of pain should be wrung from the weak heart. Her hand lost its steadiness as she touched the soft tangled hair more tenderly than before. He wur th' ghost as yo' seed i' th' lane,' she said. "Wurnahe?" "Aye," wept Liz, "he wur', an'I dare na tell yo'. It seemit loike it tuk away my; breath, an'aw my heart owt o' me. Nivver yo' blame, Joan—nivver yo' be hard on me— iwerything else is hard enow. I thowt I wur safe wi' yo'—I did for sure." "(An' yo are safe," Joan answered. "Dost tha' think I would turn agen thee 1 Nay, lass; tlia'rt as safe as th' ehoild is, when I hold it i' my breast. I ha' a pain o' my own, Liz, as'll nivver heal, an' I'd loike to known as I'd . held out my hond to them as theer is healin' fur. I'd thank God fur th' chance—poor lass —poor lass—poor lass!" And she bent down» and kissed ber again and again. (To be continued.) 