UNITY v. DR. O'QDIKN. TO THE EDITOR OP THE CAPEIC0E51AN, Sib,— Judging from the tone and temper of ' Unity's ' reply, he evidently winces under the lash of which he received a salutory appli cation in your issue of the 25th ultimo. He is exceedingly wroth for being taken as the Siamese shade or alter ego of OmLra in the Courier, that still mysteriouB Pepper's ghost personage who id Catholic circles down here is still keenly remembered for his inhuman unA pitiless pelting of the late poor Bishop. With the zeal of an enthusiast, or rather to use a couple of Unity's delicate expletives that of a '* vulgar partisan ** he casts the aegis of bis lamblike protection over this nebulous being of whom he save *' It has been persistently at tempted to fasten on one gentleman everything of this nature which appears in the press, though he has frequently denied it publicly and called on the editors jof the newspapers to bear testi mony of his assertions, » hich they have invari ably done by corroborating these, and though dozens of Catholics are known to nave the late Bishop.' There's a sweet euphonious little sentence from one who /jitwiaima having ever written a line against Dr. O'Qninn, bnt of whom elsewhere he interpolates that ' if * Hiberaicos ' has really the memory of the late Bishop at heart, and is not a mere vnigar partisan he will not oblige me to say all I know upon the subject, and upon Borne others connected with it.' That is truly a loyal utterance of a devoted eon of the church who, not satisfied with all the odium and, obloquy heaped by bis bosom friend 'Umbra ' on the Bishop in the flesh, threatens to defame and blacken him still further in the tomb, the last sad resort of a malevolent and implacable foe. Of all malingers the most cruel and despicable is he who thus deliberately aims a Judas-like stab at the fame and memory of his own Bishop, but late the consecrated Minister of Christ That good Bishop needs of 'Hibemicus.' His whole saintly life, his aimable and beneficent character, his pious, exemplary and truly Christian death, wonld rebut with interest every calumny how ever gross, which ?' Umbra ** or *' Unity '' could utter against . him. What is the gravamen of the highest earthly offence of which they would dare arraign him, simply that he bad by his sagacious foresight and for a sacred purpose succeeded in amassing immense and princely revenues, every shilling of which had been years ago demised by him for the sole benefit of the Church, leaving not even a fraction to friend or relative in the world. Neither does ' Unity ' strengthen bis cause against the Bishop hy his unbecoming and undignified attack on the social Btatns of your correspondent 'Hibernians.' He asserts that all who know him believe him unworthy of credit, or as he classically expresses it, ' In fiockhampton it is as well to let people know once for all the measure of this indivi dual, and the disgraceful tactics with which ha and some others like bhn brought discredit on the cause of the late Bishop which they pretended to defend. ' He further adds, ??Weknowthat ' Hibemicus' said also that the sisters of St. Joseph left the diocese of their own free will.' Now sir, I positively assert and declare I never dictated or penned a line to the press affecting the Sisters of St. Joseph, or the departure from the diocese at anv time what soever. And as for my *' disgraceful tactics ' I cannot charge my memory with aught during a residence of eighteen years of which I have reason to feel ashamed. And, in all conscience, I think my antecedents and character wonld hear favourable com parison—at least as a Catholic— with those of the gentleman who now poses in your pages as such an immaculate model of Teligious unity. Some of yonr Catholic readers, I have no doubt, would readily give a stiver or two for hia name or ftona fides in this business. Will be kindly leave his card at your office, as I do mine, with fall liberty to show it to any inquirer interested in knowing who and what yonr correspondent may be. Thanking yon in the meantime for yonr courtesy, and promising not to again abuse yonr indulgence under the shelter of anony mity, or until *' Unity' removes his iwnafc^ I remain, Sir, &c;, Hxberxicus. Brisbane, May G. 1882. 