GENERAL NEWS. Colon LAI. Issiitpti.—At a meeting of the Jtoyal Colonial Insfitiite, lield in London on the 13th"of Decemhei', °Mr.' Thomas King, J.P., of "the ^ixlveVtiser, was elected a fellow. - Nairne.— Our Nairne correspondent informs us that wheat is now beginning to come in freely, and Messrs. Dunn & Co. are preparing to erect a stack outside,but the general opinion is that the quantity will fall short of that received last year. A fine quality of grain is being brought from Mobilong ; the land, when cleared from mallee, is without doubt the best wheat-producing land, in the colony. Mrs. Baeyertz in Mount Barker.—We are. requested to call attention to an advertisement in, another column rfeferritlgto services proposed to be conducted by, this 'lady in Mount Barker. It will be seen that on Sunday evenings, January 29 and February 5, she will occupy the platform at the Institute, and that during next week and the week following services will be conducted in the Baptist Church. From the popularity of Mrs. Baeyertz in other places we may safely .pre dict crowded attendances, and we hope That her visit to Mount Barker will be "a benefit, to all con cerned. '• Is the South Dead?—Mrs. Cleggett has a farm about two miles from Mount Barker, of which about 58 acres were under cultivation this year. Of this 27 acres were cut for hay, yielding a little over 50 tons 6 Acres were cropped with peas, and yielded over 160 bushels; while 25 acres were laid down in wheat, and gave the handsome average of 24 bushels to the acre, or 600 bushels in all, . TJlie, first she' acres reaiped yielded 180 bushels, but the grubs having got into the rest made it lighter. The wheat is an excellent miHihg sample. The farm referred to is one of the oldest in the district, Mr Cleggett having forst taken it 37 years ago from the former owners, who had cultivated it for some years -pre- vioiisly.- Part of the land, has had four years' J rest, but no manure has been used except in. that j portion On which "the peas were grown.' ' itfith 1 the.; exception of some crops in the vicinity of ; Mount Gambier, ,we doubt whether the above : ..average Jias.. been .exceeded - in anyparfcof- the colony -this-season. ~t~ Mount Barker Agricultural Society. A well attended meeting of the above Society was held in. the Institute Committee-ihom on Monday eveningias't, the chair being occupied by Mr. T. Messrs. Bpssmgham ih.d!H:.~_Palfcridge A&eAdJel; to the .jOommifctee. Jh-oonsequence of the fact of ;the Crafers Agricultural Society having .fixed the date of their Show for Thursday, March 9th, ^previous to that day being Selected "By" tKOfbunt^ 'Barker Comihittee,;4t-wa8 resolved, on the motion of Dr. Weld, ,seconded^ by Mr. Lewis, the., date of the local-Show Tie'altered "to March 16th-. Carried unanimously, .The. prito-list .was - then ] token/ inl o consideration, ahd occupied theJCpMSiJ inittee sojne hours. Some alterations and addi-1 tions were made, principally in the flower class. and thetkorse stock, andthe, list was ordered to j be pfinted? The rales werie then considered And-j passed. Copies /of- the " last bafance-sheet .Trare/| . Circulated among the 'members and the meeting^ 'adjourned uatS "Tuesday -nextjiJanuaiy -'Slstj jj when the appointment of the Judges, the qiies'-^ . jaqn qf-ni^rging'ihe fpavilioii, and other inatten* Affll beisonsidered. Woodside Cricket Club.—A concert was held in: the Woodside Institute on Thursday, the 19th January, on.behalf of the local Cricket Club. The-;hall *3i>a^^U^$U^-le7he/itoiis^tpi^ened| with .."a-piano duet by the Mir-ee TDassie^ andj several ^ngsr-).^eto.:£Ungi Macbean bauig encored,, for her rendering of :"Wont you tell me why, Robin ?" The Misses F. Tassie and Macbean gave a duet, entitled J ^e murmuring sea," and " Let music and song he bilr pastime to-night," for the .latter of which "they received an imperative encore. The first part, was ended by a farce, entitled The Un happy Pair," by amateurs from Adelaide. Miss Laura Disher opened the second part by playing a very pretty waltx. Mr. Fisher gave au amusing 1 stump Bpeech, and Messrs. Winnail, A. Esau, Tpphanr, Wheatley, Fairne, and Hamilton also contributed to the evening's enjoyment. The Programme was brought to a close by the pro- i duction of a farce, entitled " Toby and the Ghost," which caused roars of laughter through Putrbutaa^. to be brought toan abrupt termina of some of the people in the front1 • seats iea vmg the hall .before tie performance Was j over. . The Bey. J. Macbean, M.A., presided, and "the vjonnert-ternlinatea at 11 o'clock.— Communi Found Drowned.-— An inquest was held at the Morning Star Hotel, Wistow, on Wednesday afternoon, before Mr A W Richardson JP., on the body of Maria, wife of Robert Sleep, who was found dead in a well on her husband's prop- erty at Bugle Ranges the same morning. From the evidence it appeared That Mrs Sleep, who was about 70 years old, was not right in her mind, and that she was subject to stray from home. Robert.Sleep, in his evidence, said that he always had some one told off to watch deceased, but it appeared that on Tuesday evening she managed to get out of their sight, and: although ' the neighbors joined in the. search nothing more: was seen of her until about six o'clock on Wed- nesday morning, when she was found in a water hole at the rear of Mr. Sleep's premises. She was at once got out, but life was found to be quite extinct. The well in which deceased was found is about 15 feet deep, and has about 4 feet of water in it. As it is situated close by the panel of a fence through which the track to the house leads, it is probable that the deceased while making her way back to the house in the darkness accidentally fell in, and that as the sides were sleep and, slippery she. was unable to get out again. Information was given tp the police, and. an inquest was held as above, Mr.. F. Cornelius being appointed foreman of the jury. After the body had been seen, and the place where it was found had been visited, a good deal of evidence was taken, and the jury returned a verdict'" That deceased was found drowned, but that there was no evidence to show whether she came by her death accidentally or by suicide." Live Snaix.—As Mr.'J: Patterson, junr., of Wistow, was passing along the road between the Hon. J. Gk Ramsay's paddocks one flay last week he observed two snakes in the grass, one of which had swallowedtthe -head andaboutsix inches "of the body of theother. Mr, Patterson killed the one~snake and then tried'to" pull the body.oL the other Qiitjof its mouth, but was unable to'do so. Each>snake was about 4ft. fiiii. long and was" of the grey species. Stump Jumping Ploughs.—On-Tuesday, the 34th inst., a public trial of - a -stump- jumping plough by Messrs. J. G-. Ramsay & Co.. of Mount Barker, took place at Mon&rfo;: "The ground on which it was Held was kindly lent by Mr. Geo» Patterson, and was thickly studded with stumps. About 35 gentlemen were present. The plough is of the newest style, having all the latest im provements which have been shown in stump jumpers. Work was started about 10 o'clock, but being stubble land and the straw not being raked off the coulters caused the plough to choke at intervals, as of course any ordinary plough would do in stubble. But . the coulters were afterwards removed and the plough worked admirably, show ing work as regular as if done by a single plough, and jumping every stump without any strain to plough or horses. The plough was worked* by three light horees, and after working it for four hours they had not turned a hair, which shows that the. draft is. extremely light. -- All-present v were highly delighted at ..the success .and per- - ;fection of the article,, and expressed thiir appro val of the same by Signing a'testimonial as fol lows Having seen the M-ullenising Plongh of. Messrs. J. Gk Ramsay & Co. at work" at Monarto on Tuesday, January 24, we beg.to testify as to" the superior quality of the work done by it, having excelled, anything we have ever seen in stump jumpers for' good ploughing and clean jumping.'.' Signed by-25 farmers.. Accident:— On Tuesday last a man named Williams, employed on the Railway works near Balhannah, met with a nasty accident. He had just fired a blast, and turning round to get out of the way, fell into a ballast pit about 12 feet deep, sustaining a severe fracture of the frontal bone of the skull. One of his mates sprang into the pit and got him out, or he would have been inevitably crushed to death when the charge exploded. Mr. Wotherspoon, contractors engineer, at once had Williams conveyed to Mount Barker, where he was attended to by Dr. Weld, and is now pro- gressing favorably. Coach Accident. - An accident of a serious nature .occurred to the afternoon coach from Mt. Barker, on Wednesday. While passing across the bridge over the old road below the Eagle on the Hill, one of the horses shied at a heap of road metal, and the coach was brought into contact with the fence at the side of the Wad. Mrs. Dendy (wife of the Rev. Dr, Dendy), Mr. B. N. Conigrave (of Macclesfield), and Mr. M. C. Davis (of Baillie, Davis and Wishart), were thrown off the coach and each received a severe shaking as well as other injuries. The coach was considerably damaged, the pole and bars being broken, and one of the axles carried away. One of the horses was so much injured as to be unfit for further use, and two others were severely cut. The driver of the coach, Walter Girdlestone, has sustained a very severe shaking, but it is thought that no bones are broken. Munificence. — Miss Louisa DeCosta, who some months ago gave £500 to the Home for Incurables, has just made donations of £100 each to the Adelaide Hospital and the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Asylum. Mr. S. Plimsoll, M.P.—We notice by the Melbourne telegrams that this gentleman, who is so well known in connection with his efforts on behalf of the merchant sailors of the United Kingdom, intends to visit some of.his relations in Victoria shortly. Fire at Mount Pleasant.—On Wednesday last the 25th, an inquest was held at Mount Pleasant, before Mr. T. J. S. O'Halloran, S.M., touching the origin of the destructive fire which occurred in the vicinity of that township on Thursday, January 19. A man named Albert Müller attended the inquest under the charge of the police. A great deal of evidence was taken, eleven witnesses being examined, the enquiry last- ing over six hours, but nothing to show definitely by whom, the fire was .caused .was elicited. The - inquest was adjourned until Wednesday, February 8th, to allow of further information being ob- tained. . After the,inquest Muller was brought, before Mr O'Halloran on a charge of being a rogue and a vagabond, and was sent to gaol for two months. Death of an Old Colonist.— Mr. Thomas Lemar, another of the pioneers of the colony, has just passed away at the ripe old age of 82 years. He arrived at Holdfast Bay in the ship Resource as far back as the year 1837, and he settled first of all at Black Forest, where he lived; for some time. ' He afterwards removed to Macclesfield, where he purchased a section of land, which in- cluded a rich teatree swamp of about six acres, which, after years of toil in clearing and draining, he succeeded in making a valuable vegetable garden. This is proved by the fact that for a succession of years he carried off prizes at the Shows at Mount Barker and Strthalbyn, at which places his name will be long remembered Latterly his health, having failed his two sons have carried on the garden. He leaves a widow (his second wife), a daughter, and two sons. The Masonic Guide—-We-JmiVb recOTved-tilb-' "above useful little work for the year 1882 from the< "" " ™ ... ^ . lent Mmpendium:-pfffritelligen^ fcoUnS^d" cofiatea. The get-np of the book reflect^ yredit fon the printer and publisher, and the mnffor coif ^ned,:whieh, N^#j|eWifig) fc coffiplete" |i|t) ■'of the Grand Lddges7Chapte«s, and/1 v'- ' - '.and^ " *- ~ r iioSjv ... fo the notice of all interested in masonry, he pi^beof ,ffhe book-&' oneishillihg^ndi for sow OmaUrisop^assp this'is i;ndt s -tbf:®be-;pjay»!f,K.r';5 sri Ami#; BphDEBTo WNRAitWAT^We' dre^glad -to 'i be remembered that it. has been decided to build the permanent way of sufficient width to take the broad gauge line, so that there may be no diffi- . culty in forming a junction with the line, which" must be ultimately constructed from Adelaide via 1 the Murray Bfedge. The new line will serve a large area 6f country, and will prove a great boon to all residents in "Border. Town and its vicinity, which is one of the best wheat producing districts in the Province. At present the road between the temporary terminiifi and Border Town is about the worst in South Australia, so that the , line will be a higlily appreciated concession. Government Gazette Items.—-Albert Bal- dock, Postmaster, Meningie, has been appointed an issuer of gun licenses. F. Hi Taylor, of J Hawker, has been appointed Post and Telegraph master at Port Victor; J. L. Wisson is trans- ferred from' Strathalbyn to Adelaide. The fol- lowing. gentlemen have been appointed collectors : of Agricultural, Live Stock, and other Statistics, viz.—W. H. Milford, Crafers ; A. von Doussa, Echunga ; C„ Nottage, Kondoparinga ; F. I. Smith, Mount Barker,: E.. M. Wilson, Mount Crawford ; J R Baseby, Mannum ; A H Dunn, Nairne; T..Hutchens, Onkaparinga; ;. S R: Bo- sisto, Strathalbyn; Walter Haines, Tea Tree . Gully ;.and W. Graf ,Tungkillo. The amount received by the Govemmefit for pennits under j the'Licensed Victuallers' Act during the, week ending Jfeuuary 14, 1882, Vas' £27 5s-. T^e ten der Of H Bail for repairs, painting, &c.;, at police station, Mount Pleasant^ has been accepted, the amount being £5410s. The following is a sum mary of the traffic on the Strathalbyn, Goolwa, and Victor Harbor line for the week ending Jan. 7th—Passengers 1,850, goods 127 tons 0 Cwt. 2 qrs. ; receipts, passengers £126 15s;, goods £30 Is..3d., miscellaneous £1 2s. 10d., total £157 19s. Id.*, As against £183 7s. lOd. for corresponding week in 1881. A Successful Australian.—At the recent ■examinations in the science" course at the London University the highest distinctions .in Physical Scieneej maiiely, the -Scholarship and First-class Honors, were awarded to an Australian student, Mr. W. Sutherland, B.A., B.Sc. This gentleman, a brother of Mr. George Sutherland, M.A., of the Heglster Office, received most of his educa tion-at Wesley College and the Melbourne Uni -versity, -where he graduated in '1878;Tma~received the, Gilchrist Scholarship,-awarded to the most idfstinguisheA student' of the University for thb time being. Gold From Mount Browne.—There are now •on exhibition at Mr. T. B. Way's, 36, King Wil- diam-street, some fine specimens of gold from the Mount Browne Diggings. One is a nugget of pure gold weighing 8 oz. 13 dwt. 18 gr., being the largest yet found at Mount Browne, and it was got in Evans's . prospecting claim. - -Another nug get weighing 3oz. Was obtained- froin the granite -diggings; and some smaller "Ofies were found at the Four-mile rush. Trip to the Northern Territory.—It has been decided that the Parliamentary partv, consisting of the.Minister of Education, Messrs. J, H. Bagster, M.P., L. L. Furner, M.P., and H. E. Bright, M.P., will leave Adelaide for the Northern Territory on Monday-, January 30. The members1 will go overland to Sydney, and proceed thence to the Northern Territory on Feb ruary 4. After that part of our colony has been inspected, it is proposed that the party shall go to Java and other Eastern ports to see the practical working of coolie labor. Letters and Smallpox.—" Rambler," in the Licensed Victuallers' Gazette, has the following : —" Letters have, been and .are being freely sent from the Quarantine Station to people and journals in Adelaide. Medical men say is is ridi culous to suppose that a closed letter can be rendered innocuous by merely fumigating the envelope, and the following telegram from Mel bourne shows that we may even now have the germs of this insidious disease lurking in our . midst .through the loose way in which this corre spondence has been allowed to be -conducted :— Mr. Mtlnro, M.L.A., has mentioned that when a young man, and living "200 miles from his family, his sister sent a letter announcing that smallpox had appeared in the family, and two days, afterwards lie was himself attacked with the disease, the contagion" having been conveyed in the letter.'" Death of Colonel Anderson.—Colonel Ander eon, C.M.G., Oom-nin.nda.ntof the Viet-oriaTi for.-i'.s, died on-Monday evening, after alongillness, during which he suffered greatly. Deceased vras the only son of the late Colonel Sir Joseph Anderson, K.H.,C.B., of the 50th Regiment, and was fifty two years of age. - He was bom in October, 1829, at Blackburn, in England. In 1816 he entered the oOtli or Queen's Own, then commanded by liis father. After serving in India lie was made adjutant, and subsequently captain. He after wards exchanged into the 65th, then in New Zea land, but soon after left tbe service and settled in Victoria about 1852. In 1854 he was requested by Sir Charles Hotbam to raise a volunteer force, the rank of Lieutenant Colonel being conferred upon him. Subsequently this force was largely increased and commanded by Imperial officers. I11 1862 a vacancy occurred, and Colonel Anderson was appointed Colonel Commandant of all. the local forces. He was a member of tbe first Par liament under responsible government. On May 24, 1878, be was appointed a Companion of tbe Order or St. Michael and St. George; in Febru ary, 1881, lie was appointed member of the Royal Commission "on Defences, New South Wales. He married the. only child of Colonel Alexander Davidson; of the Honorable East India Com pany's Service, and leaves two sons . and. two daughters. The Colonel's remains were interred on Wednesday with military honors. 