SENERAIj NEWS. Sir. Julian Thomas ("The Vagabond") will deliver a leerure entitled "Poor Jack," at the Port Town Hall this evening, for the benefit of the Sailors' Home." The barque Eden Holme, which arrived from London this morning, has brought with her the rescued crew of the ship Dunselaw, which lost her rudder in lat. 40° 55' S., long. 67° 17' E., and was abandoned 35 days afterwards in lat. 4T5S'_S., long. 85° 11' E. The Duneslaw was bound with coals from Cardiff to Singapore. On Saturday afternoon a little girl, the daughter of Mr. Panter, of the Old Bushman Hotel, Gawlcr, bad a miraculous escape from being killed. It appears that the little thing, who is only three years old, was attempting to cross the road when a cart which was coming along knocked her down. The driver at once pulled up, hut the sudden jerk caused the horse to back and the wheel went over the child about the lower part of the abdomen. She was picked up and taken indoors, and the doctor sent for. Dr. Allwork speedily arrived, and upon examination found no bones were broken, though it is too early to say whether any internal injuries have re sulted. A deputation, consisting of Mr. W. H. Bean, M.P., and P. E. Bucknall, M.P., and a number of residents of Glenelg and West Torrens, waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Thursday morning, August 2S, to request that the sum of £1,000 might he placed on the Supplementary Estimates for the erection of a bridge over the Patawalonga creek at the Miliang-road. The importance of the work was pointed out, and! t was stated that not only would the bridge he a benefit to per sons in the habit of driving to Glenelg, but would also be a great aduantage to the volun teers iu their military operations. The Commissioner in reply said he would recom mend his colleagues to comply with the request of the deputation, as the work was one of great importance. A fatal accident occurred on Saturday morning, August 26, to a lad named George Wildy, 14 years of age, employed by Messrs. Scryingour & Sons, printers, of King William street. It appears that the deceased was engaged in the machine-room, and while going down stairs slipped and fell a depth of some twenty feet. His skull being severely frac tured, the poor lad was at ouce conveyed to the hospital, but it was found that he was beyond human aid, and he died during the afternoon. An inquest will he commenced at the United Service Club Hotel this morning. The city coroner commenced an enquiry on Saturday afternoon, August 26, at the Destitute Asylum, as to the cause of death of Jemmy Hewitt (an aboriginal), who was found dead on the morning of the 24th inst. at the rear of the Victoria Hotel, Hindley strcet. As the man had been in the hospital and left the previous day in a healthy state, Dr. Dunlop, the house-surgeon, was not in- clined to give a certificate as to the cause of death. The inquest was adjourned till Tues- day next, with a view of obtaining further evidence, On Friday, August 25, Mr. J. Kemp Penney dispatched a party ot 200 shearers and shed hands, by order of Mr. P. "White, to Sir Thomas Elder's station at Paratoo. Mr. Penney's oihees remained open all Thursday night for the reception of men arriving from the country, and about eighty camped down on their swags. At 5.30 a.m. on Friday a move was made for the railway station, and by G o'clock all the men were seated in a special train of five carriages engaged for the occasion. The train stopped en route at Nor ill Adelaide, Gawlcr, Itiverton, and Sad dlewortli, to take tip e:-:tra hands, and arrived at Tcrowic at 1 o'clock. The party were con veyed in waggons to Paratoo, arriving there safely shortly'after' sundown. This was the largest shearing party yet dispatched during the present season. One of the German papers reports from Alexandria that Arabi Pasha has ordered the life of Napoleon I. to be translated into Arabic: and at a recent meeting of his friends he said with emphasis : " Napoleon in my incdc-1. I will do what the great man did ; nay, _ I will do more—I will found an Arabian Empire." He endeavors to gain the reputa tion of a prophet among the people by fre quently quoting the Koran, and spreading re liuving had familiar convcrsa porisof his huv tions during the night with the ghost of Mahomet. On the 2lhh cf June, as ho was on his way to the mosque, lie suddenly stopped and stared as if he were seeing a vision ; then he stamped his foot on the ground, and declared that a gun had been buried there. Ilis followers afterwards had excavations made on the spot, and a gun was really found some feet below the surface. The city coroner received a report from the police on Saturday evening, August 26, with regard to the sudden death of Mrs. Louisa M. Scanlon, of Halifax- street, who died that afternoon. On Sunday morning enquiries were made, from which it appeared that Mrs. Dillon, a midwife, had been engaged to attend deceased in her confinement, which took place on Wednesday last. Shortly afterwards peritonitis set in. Dr. Gardner was called in on Saturday morning, when he found the patient in a critical state, and she died a few hours afterwards. He declines to give a certificate, but is of opinion that peritonitis was the cause of death. The coroner, from his enquiries, did not consider an inquest necessary. At the same time he states that he has arrived at the conclusion that midwives and nurses are, as a, rule, too anxious to get through their duties without surgical aid, and this seems to some ex- tent to be risking the life of their patients for the purpose of gaining popularity in their vocation. The Lyttelton Times (1'T.Z.) has received from Messrs. Burton Bros., of Dunedin, a photograph of a peculiar nature. It is that of the skull of a man named Weber, who died in the Ghristchnrch Hospital in 1SS0. Weber was an unlucky man. He was bora in 1S21, in Denmark, and fought against Prussia in 1S43, receiving as Iris share of the campaign two bullets in the head and a sabre wound on the skull. Still he recovered, and emigrated to Hew Zealand. In 1S75, the thickness cf his cranium was still further tested by a circular saw at Oxford, which chipped a bit off his right temple, and five years later he died of phthisis in the hospital here. When he entered that institution in 1S7S, Yveber was in an advanced state of consumption, and did not seem likely to last more than three or four months at the outside. A wardsman madeabargainwithhini to supply him with tobacco during life on condition of receiving his skull after death, and a formal agreement to that effect was drawn up, It was two years before the legacy could be claimed. The skull, which is beautifully photographed, presents a remarkable ap pearance. 'The two bullet holes are plainly seen just above the forehead and close together, both of theui being clean perfo rations. A comparatively-speaking enor mous lump of bone is gone on the right side, and another piece is partly separated from the cranium. How the man could possibly have survived any one of the wounds is a perfect mystery. The bullets were found in his head after death, having been there for over thirty years. An important experiment, which is exciting flic greatest interest in medical circles is being made at Leicester (the London Times says) under the care of Dr. William Johnston, medical officer of health. There are more prosecutions for non-compliance with the compulsory vaccination laws in Leicester than in all the other towns of the kingdom put together. The past six months have witnessed very serious outbreaks of small pox of a very virulent kind in the midlands, and at Leicester a vary considerable num ber of cases have been imported from juondon, Birmingham, Nottingham, and other towns. Every one of these outbreaks was stamped out by the following method:—The corpora* tion have powers under a local Act of Par liament compelling under a heavy penalty, medical men and householders promptly to report the outbreak of infectious diseases, in cluding smallpox and fever, the medical men receiving a small fee for each report. In the event of a case of smallpox being reported at the sanitary offices, which are directly con nected with the fever and smallpox hospitals by means of the telephone, an officer at once communicates with the institution, the removal van is placed in readiness, and beds are prepared for the requisite number of patients. The medical officer of health and an inspector at once visit the house where the outbreak has occurred, explaining the nature of the disease to the inmates, and in variably succeed in inducing not "only the patients to allow themselves to be removed to the hospital, but—what is of equal importance —in inducing every one who has come into contact with the sufferer and everyone living in the same house to occupy quarantine rooms at the hospital. The telephone is again brought into requisition, anil the roinovai3 take place with the least possible delay. Those in quarantine are provided -with every comfort and means of recreation until the period of quarantine has elapsed, and meantime the house where the outbreak occurred is thoroughly disinfected at the expense of the local authorities." The South-Eastern Star has the following remarks in its last issue with regard to the case of an old soldier who was some time ago imprisoned on a criminal charge, and has since been discharged from gaol:—" On the 2nd May last we published a letter from a correspondent signing himself ' Misevabilis,' and calling attention to the case of Char!eg Jones, 4 an old soldier of many battles,'who receivc-cl a sentence of four months' imprison ment at the local Circuit Court for passing valueless cheques. Our correspondent alluded to the paltry amounts of the cheques, and re gretted that an old man who had served his country so well and ' had been in so many fights' should bo compelled to resort to dis honest means to procure the necessaries of life for himself, his wife, and three children. Jones has now served the sentence imposed upon liiin by the judge, and is at liberty once more. He expresses great contrition for his lapse from the path of honesty and hopes in future to be able to earn ail honest living. We have been again asked to mention liis case with the view of assisting him to obtain employ ment and we willingly do so, because it is to the interest of society to reclaim the erring rather than to visit them with continual dis pleasure and thus drive them again to evil courses. Briefly then, Charles Jones is the son of a Grenadier Guardsman and was born in the army. He served as a trumpter in the Queen's Lancers for twenty-six years ; was through the Afghanistan campaign of 1S3S to 1 -1 i-1 e T « J . . C! „ 1 ^ 1842; was present at the rescue of Lady Sale, ;r daughter, Lady Kaveloek, and Lady her McNaughten from AkbarKhan at the Khybei Pass; was present at the taking of Jellaila bad and Ghuznee; and afterwards at the storming of Gwalior ; he fought all through the Pun jaub war against the Sikhs; liis horse was shot under him by a shell from the Sikh guns and both his legs were broken; at the same time he received a sword cut on the head, which necessitated trepanning and the introduction of a silver plate into the skull, aud had two bayonet wounds in the back. Subsequently be fought in the Crimean war under Lord Lucan and was wounded at Iu kermann. He is now G9 years of age; as previously stated he has a wife and three children to support, and unfortunately his wounds have broken out afresh which necessi tated his removal to the hospital during the greater part of his sentence. He states that he can do gardening and other light work, and we feel sure that all who have any feeling for the suffering of those who have fought for their country will aid him in obtaining em ployment, and perhaps render him some other little assistance that may make his de clining years as free as possible from tho terrors of poverty." A general meeting of the South Australian Coaciibuilders' Cricket Association is to be held at the Plough and Harrow Hotel to night. 