ALL SORTS AND CONDITIONS OF MEN. A .NOVEL. BT WALTER BESANT AND JAMES BICE, Anthors of: "Beady-money Mortlboy," "Th Golden Butterfly," " By Celia's Arbour," "The Chaplain of the Fleet," &c.;, die., CHAPTER XXXII. BUNKER AT BAY. Harry was thinking a good deal about the old man's strange story of the houses. There was, to be sure, little dependence to be placed in tne rambling, disjointed statements made by so old a manbut then this statement was bo clear and precise; there were so many children; tnere were so many houses ; three for each child; and he knew exactly what became of all those houses. If the story had been told by a man in the prime of fife it could not hiave beenjnore exact and detailed. But what were the houses? Where were they ? and how could he prove that they were his own ? What did Bunker get when he traded the child away? Harry had always been of opinion that he got a sum of money down, and that he was now ashamed of the transaction, and would fain have it remain unknown. This solution accounted, or seemed to account, for his great wrath and agitation when the subject was mentioned. Out of a mischievous delight in making his uncle angry, Harry frequently alluded to the point. .But the story of the houses was a bettersolution still; it accounted for Mr. Bunker's agitation as well as his wrath. But his wrath and his terror appeared to Harry to corroborate very strongly the old man's story. And the longer he thought about it the more strongly he believed it. Harry asked his landlady whether, in her opinion, if Mr. Maliphant made a statement that statement was to be accepted as true. Mrs. Bormalack replied that as lie never made any statement except in reference to events long since things of the past, it was impossible for her to Bay whether they were true or not; that his memory was clean gone for things of the present, so that of to-day and yesterday he knew nothing; that his thoughts were always running on the old days, and that when he could be beard right through without dropping his voice at all he sometimes told very interesting and curious things. His board and lodging were paid for him by his grandson, a most respectable gentleman and a dockmaster; and that, as to the old man's business, be bad none, and had had none for many years, being clean for gotten, although he did go every day to his yard and stayed there all day long. Harry thought he would pay him another visit. Perhaps something more would be remembered. He went there again in the morning. The street, at the end of which was the yard, was as quiet as on the Sunday, the children being at school and the men at work. The great gates were closed and locked, but the small side door was unlocked. When he opened it all the figureheads turned quickly and anxiously to look at him; at least Harry declared they did, and spiritualists will readily believe him. Was he, they asked, going to take one of them away !and stick it on the bow of a great ship, and send tit up and down upon the face of the ocean to the four corners of the world? Ha! They were made for an active life; they pined away in this, inactivity ; a fig for tne dangers of the deep. From Saucy Sol to Neptune they all asked the same question in thie samo hope. Harry shook bis head, and they sighed sadly and resumed their former positions, as they were, eves front, waiting till night should fall oca the old man should go, and they could talk with each other. " This," thought Harry, " is a strange and fibostly place." You Show thB cold and creepy feeling caused by the presence—albeit unseen—of ghosts; one may feel it anywhere and at all times—iu church, at a theatre, in bed at night, by broad daylight, in darkness, or in twilight. This was in the sunshine of a bright December day—the lost days of the year eighty-one were singularly bright and gracious; the place was no dark chamber or gloomy vault, but a broad and open yard, cheerfully decorated with carved figureheads. Yet even here Harry experienced the touch of ghosilincss. The place was so strange that it did not astonish him at all to see the old man sud denly appear in the door of his doll's house, waving his hand and smiling cheerily, as one who speeds the parting guest. The saluta tions were not intended for Harry, because Mr. Maliph&nt; was not looking at him. Presently he ceased gesticulating, became suddenly serious (as happens to oue when his. friend's back is turned or he has vanished), and returned to his seat by the lire. Harry softly followed and stood before him, waiting to be recognised. The old man looked np at last and nodded liis head. "Been entertaining your friends, Mr. Mali phant?" "Bob was hero, only Bob. You have just missed Bob," he replied; "That's a pity. Never mind. Can you, my ancient, carry your memory back some twenty years ? You did it, you know, last Sunday for me." "Twenty years? Ay—ay—twenty years. I was only sixty-five or so, then. It seems a long time until it is gone. Twenty years. Well, young man, twenty years. Why, it is only yesterday." " J mean to the time when Caroline Coppin, you know, your old friend Caroline, was married." " That was twenty years before, and more; when William the fourth died aud Queen Victoria, then a young thing, came long to reign over us—" his voice sank aud he con tinued the rest of his reminiscence to him self. " But Caroline Coppin?" "I'm telling you about Caroline Coppin, only you won't listen." There was nothing more to be got out of him. His recent conversation with Bob's spirit bad muddled him for the day, and he mixed up Caroline with her mother or grand mother. He relapsed into silence, and sat with his long pipe unfilled in his,hand, looking into the fireplace—gone back in imagination to the past. As the old man made no sign of conversation, hut rather of a disposition to "dropoft"for a few minutes, Harry began tolookahout the room. On the table lay a bundle of old letters. It was as if the living and the dead had been reading them together. Harry took them up and turned them over, wondering what secrets of long ago were con tained in those yellow papers with their faded ink. The old man's eyes were closed. He took no heed of his visitor, and Harry, standing at the table, began shamelessly to read the letters. They were mostly the letters of a young sailor addressed to one apparently a good deal older than himself, for they abounded in such appellations as . my ancient," " vehe-' ruble," old salt," and so forth; but the young man did not regard his correspondent with the awe whicIT"age should inspire, but rather as a gay and rollicking spirit who would sympathise with the high jinks of younger men even if he no longer shared in them, and who was an old and stall delighted treader of those flowery paths which ore said by moralists to be planted witii the frequent pitfall and the crafty trap. The old man, thought Harry, must have been an admirable guide to youth, and the disciple was apt to learn. Sometimes the letters were signed Bob, sometimes E. Coppin, sometimes- H. C. Harry therefore surmised tnat the writer was no other than his own Uncle Bob, whose ghost he bad just missed. Bob was on officer on .board of an East Indiaman; but he spoke not of such common place matters as the face of ocean or the voice of the tempest. He only wrote from port, and told what things he had seen and done on shore, and what he had consumed in ardent drink. The letters were brief, which seemed as well, because if literary skill had been present, to dress up effectively the subjects treated, a literary monument might have been erected, the Uke of which the world has never, teen. It is, indeed, a most curious and remarkable circumstance that even in realistic' France, the true course of the Prodigal has never been faithfully described. Now, the great advantage for merly possessed by the sailor—an advantage cruelly curtailed by the establishment of Homes and the introduction of Temperance —was that he could be, and was, a Prodigal -at the end of every cruise, while the voyage itself was an agreeable interval provided for recovery, recollection, and anticipation. " Bob — Uncle Bod — was a flyer," said Harry. " One should be proud of such an uncle. With Bob, and Bunker, and the bankrupt Builder, I am indeed provided." There seemed nothing in the letters which bore upon the question of his mother's pro perty, and he was going to put them down again when he lighted upon a torn fragment on which he saw, in Bob s big handwriting, the name of his cousiD Josephus. "Josephus, my cousin, that he will—here a break in the continuity—" nd the safe the bundle" — another break — " for a lark. Josephus is a Square-toes. 1 hate a man who won t drink. He will"—another break—" if he looks there. Yonr health and song, ship met. R. C." He read this fragment two or three times over. What did it mean ? Clearly, nothing tn Vtimealf " l/Msnnliiio So n fimiara.f/iac " to himself. "Josephus is a Square-toes. Very likely; the Prodigal Bob was not; quite the contrary; he was a young man of extremely mercurial temperament. "Jose phus, my cousin, that he will . . . nd the safe the bundle." He put down the paper and then, without waking the old man, _he softly left the room and the place, shuttmg the door behind him. And then he forgot immediately the torn letter and its allusion to Josephus. He thought, next, that he would go to Bunker and put the question directly to him. The man might be terrified; might show confusion; might tell lies. That would matter little. But if he showed his' hand too 60on, Bunker might be pat upon his guard. Well, that mattered little. What Harry hoped was rather to get at the truth than to recover his houses. "I want,'' he said, finding his uncle at home and engaged in his office; drawing up bills, "I want a few words of strionstalk with yon, my uncle." " I am busy; - go away, I never want to talk to you. I hate the very sight of your 1 face." He looked, indeed, as if he did, if a flushing i cheek and on angry glare of the eyes are any sign. "I am not going away until you have answered my questions. As to your hatred' or your affection that does not concern me at all. How, will yon listen, or shall I wait ?" "To get rid of you the sooner,'' Bunker growled, " I will listen now. If I was twenty years younger, I'd kick you out." "If you were twenty years younger, there might, it is true, be a fight. Now then." "Well, get along. My time is valuable." " I have several times asked you what you got for me when you sold me. You have on those occasions allowed yourself to fall into a rage which is really dangerous in so stout a man. I am not going to ask you that question any more." Mr. Bunker looked relieved. " Because, you see, I know now what you got." Mr. Bunker turned very pale. " What do you know ? " I know exactly what you got when I was taken away." Mr. Bunker said nothing. Yet there was in his eyes a look as if a critical moment, long expected, had at last arrived. And he waited. "When my mother died, and you became my guardian, I was not left penniless." "it's a lie. You were." " If I had been you would have handed me over to your brother-in-law, Coppin the builder. But I had property. " You had nothing." " I had three houses. One of those houses is, I believe, that which has been rented— from you—by Miss Kennedy. I do not know yet where the other two are, but I shall lind out." " You are oh a wrong tack," said his uncle. "Now I know why you wouldn't go away. You came here to ferret and fish, did you ? You thought you were entitled to property, did you? Ho! You're a nice sort o chap to have house property, ain't you ? Ha! Ho!" But his laughter was not mirthful. " Let me point out to you," Harry went on, gravely, " what it is you have done. The child whom you kept for a year or two was heir to a small estate, bringing in, I suppose, about eighty or a hundred pounds a year. We will say that you were entitled to keep that money in return for his support. But when that child was carried away and adopted you said nothing about the property. You kept it for yourself, and you have re ceived ' the rents year after year, as if the houses belonged to you? Shall I go on and tell you what JudgeB and lawyers and police people call this sort of conduct ?" "Where's your proofs?" asked the other, hiB face betraying his emotion. " Where's your proofs?" ",I have none yet. I am going to search for those proofs. " You can't find them. There are none. Now, young man, 'you've had your say and you can go. Do you hear ? You can go." " You deny, then, that the houses were mine?" " H you'd come to me, meek and lowly, as is your humble station in life, I would ha' told you the history of those houses. Yes, your mother had them, same as her brothers and her sister. Where are they now ? I've fot 'em; I've got 'em all. How did Iget 'em? ly lawful and honourable purchase. I bought 'em. Do you want proofs? You shan't have any proofs. If you'd behaved humble yon Bhould ha'- -seen those proofs. Now you may go away and do your worst. Do you hear ? You may do your worst." He shook his fist in Harry s face; his words were "brave, but his voice was shaky, niid his lips were trembling. " I don't believe you," said.Harry; "lam certain that you aid not bay my houses. There was no one left to care for my interests, and you took those houses." "This is the reward," said Mr. Bunker, " for nursin' of this child for nigh upon three years. Who would take an orphau into his bosom ? But it was right, and Fa do it again. Yes; Fd do it again." "I don't doubt you," the ungrateful nephew replied, " especially if that other orphan had thiree substantial houses and there was nobody but yourself to look after him." " "Ask for your proofs; go and look for them. When you've found 'em, bring 'em to me. You and your proofs." Harry laughed. " I snail find them," he said, "but I don't know where or when. Meanwhile, you will go on, as you do now, thinking continually that they may be found; you won't be able to sleep at night; you will dream of police courts; you will let your thoughts run on handcuffs; you will take to drink; you will have no pleasure in your life ; you wiil hasten your end ; you will—" here he desisted, for his uncle, dropping into his chair, looked as if he was about to swoon. " Remember, I shall find these proofs some day. A hundred a year for 'twenty years is two thousand pounds. That's a large sum to hand over, and then there is the interest. Upon my word, mv uncle, you will have to begin the world again." 