ETJXI^X.XEL; OR THE REDAND "WHITE ROSES: CHAPTER LXIV.-^OoirrtNliTED, THE DIGGINGS. . If,- however, he hoped that the subject would be allowed to drop, ha was mistaken. Rupert, who. always attended to this de partment, cleared away the supper tilings, and put the kettle on the fiie for some hot grog, before goiDg to bed. Then having filled his pipe, be took his favourite seat on the side log, wherd be could command a view of the creek, and, niter a whiff or two, said abruptly "The girl did not go off with Bertram, then." '* I don't know, I never believed she did; you told me I wos a fool then," replied Mark, testily; " but w{iy bother about the girl now, she's nothing to us P I'm sorry for her because X believe she is ill-treated, but we can't help her-she's with her own friends." .'So you really don't believe that she eloped with Lord Robert?" "I do not. I don't like the girl, she's too much for me. Still I believe as I told you two months ago, she's not what you thought her." , Rodney left Mark alone and walked up the hill. " Supposing thai Mark should be right," he said to himself, " what a ornei wrong I have done this girl in thought; how bitterly sbe must have felt the insulting manner in which I turned away wbea she called me. Can it indeed be so 1 Can there be any mistake ?" He walked up to the crest of the ridge, and then, after standing for a short time on the Bummit, returned slowly. Mark was smoking by the side of the fire ; Rupert threw himself on a horse cloth and smoked also, in silenoe for some time. He was evidently waiting for Mark to resume the conversation,, for he glanoed towards him every now and then. But as the latter did not show any disposition so to do, Rupert addressed him, " So she looked very pale and ill ?" " Dreadful-like a ghost. I could soaroely believe it was the same girl." " And you don't believe she did accept the cross and bracelet from Bertram ?" "I told you before I didn't. It'a my belief that there has been some underhand work." I " Why do you think so ?" i " Because I'm a fool, I suppose," answered Mark, rather tartly. "Of course I'm not supposed to know ; clever fellows like you are always right." ' Rupert made no reply to this little out break of Mark's." In spite of all he could do to resist it, the conviction slowly forced itself upon him that the girl was innocent, and that he had grievously wronged her in thought and insulted her in deed. He could not remain quiet, the thought worried him ; his old restlessness was again upon him. " Come along, Mark," he said, "let's go for a stroll down the creek." Mark was fiat on his back, smoking and looking up at -the s'ars, and wondering whether anybody lived there. "I'll see you all at Jericho first," said the latter. "No, n6, Rupert, my boy, I have a great respbofc' for you; I admire your energy, your pluck, and all that sort of thing, you know, but you don't get me out ,of this ' hyar oamp ' as our Yankee said the other night, 'no-how you can fix it."' " I shall go alone then." "As you please, my good friend-only mind you don't fall down a shaft and break your neck." " He's in a devil of a way about the girl," muttered Mark to himself, after Rupert had gone. " I guess he's considerable tall bump kins on her, as that' Yankee chap says. Reokon he'll have to come rouad bdjIIOW." Mark and Rupert had made the acquaint anceof a tall Vermouter, and it was the former's great delight; to piok dp and repeat his sayings. , -1 Meanwhile Rupert, chafing and fuming in spirit, made his way down the rugged slope to the road whioh wound along bj the main creek. . , He entered the "Long, Tom," more familiarly known os V Taffy Jonea's."; "Hera was assembled as ohoioe a orew of reprobates as one could see anywhere outf a criminal prison. The place bore an ill name, and perhaps for that very reason all the worst characters on the oreek congregated there. Nearly all the.frequenters were gamblers and bullies many had been " old hands," i.e. oonviots and even bushrangers., The house was built of rude slabs-the interstices of which were not filled up. , Rupert passed. through the bar into an inner room> and seating himself by the wood fire, called for some drink. > , He felt not only low-spirited, but ooldand shivering. > These fits often :came over him \--the effeots of fever, from whioh he had not yet entirely recovered. He made himself' a strong glass of hot ,brandy and water, for whiuh he paid the moderate price of half-a-orown, and was drinkjhg it when , he heardithe sound of a voioe he knew. ; Th«>re could be no mistaking the gruff, growling accents of the man Maogregon He put his glaBB on the table and listened. ' The room in which he sat was.small, and used as ia kitchen., A native blaok, covered by bis opossum rug, eat by the fire. ; Thfere was no one else, so do noise pre vented his hearing all that passed at the bar through, the slabs. He distinguished the i names, ono by one, of the Ouokoo and the l young man, Macgregor's nephew. It seemed i y the con versation that Mao gregorhadmet an acquu;Bl.iDoe. ' . "Oeme a«d ait.down at this here-table, and we'll have a boitl * o' brandy for old times' sake." ' . .. Rupert'heard them come to n table drawn up to the slab wall whioh divided the two rooms. (To be continued ) : . 