STORYTELLER. BAFFLED; ,li .???.! ' Olt, .CLARENCE DAWN'S FORTUNES. The Story of a Oily tnat is Dead, and of People who Live. CHAPTER. XVII. THE RETURN lo SCRUB CREEK. ' ? Seeingtbe desperadoes raise their rifles, Clarence Dawn drew his pistol and stood on the defensive; Bit still the major re mained as cool as he had been from the -,n- 'first,\\. ,''v ? ? - fii ,' 'pWhieh of you men is the leader of this, party 1' he asked. ? r '.'Our 'leader is up the hill,' growled . the nian whom the doctor had dragged '' from liis horse. , , Yjes; your leader is the fellow named Sam Bly, Felter's lieutenant. Now there can be too use in your continuing to dis guise, 'yoin: true characters longer. I can see who and what you are. What other \- ! purposetfian plunder can you have!' . ' Seeing that themajor understood them, ? and tliatfurther acting was unnecessary, the man said: .1 'I, iWe're agoin' to take some back and ' let some go.1' ; . . . 'And who are you to take back?' ? 'fl can't say,'' replied the man. 'I : | must see Sam Bly.' ' The mail, leading his horse, went ovei1 to where Bam Bly was watching, and Oiarence and the major had a chance to exchange a few words unheard. ' I propose,' said Clarence, resolutely, ' that we fight for itl' ' Why^ihrow Away our lives now, wh-3fr %e ^n omake , them of more use ^otEWlime? The ti uth is, they wou]4: /jjjp ^lad«fai».ixcufee tpshpoVyduand mis.1 ' Tlfey -ani jo jet. possession -af Mai-Jr. £?, ai^iilm ^Qjuick 1 Cpriceal a pistol in ypiiFbreaBt, and.let H&affect; io' surrender. * 'Weiciniiot^lfcsett the ladies;-^-and to be . ltilled,ieven if wo' tnocked oyer 's half 'dozen of '-those fellows, would' leave thp poor fiirls and the mother helpless.' Well,'' said, the doctor, when the man -came back fl-oiii consulting with Sam Bly, 'why doesen't tliatr ' repulsive monster come down and speak for hiiu-' self!' - - . - ti-Thp m$n sho wecThis £eeth io the doctor -? M3;fl^dipi6e4lhiiiisp.lf Co'lUiybrJlari'is: JuJLO'/Sft&'isays that nil th^'lgsijsitiii koep on, „nndrtbey wonit^be ^sturbed. But ™y. /:Hain is, .lkwiipitli6-jadjes,,.tui(l.the.;oigger .Back;1' ! ' ? ?' Ho -will agree' tliat we ..retain our ^'^pvs^.arid^rnis' for .th(i..:pi^s.entjr I sup ?' pb^e?'.*-said ! the -major. ' - ' '? ' ' You' tiust lay 'down your arras, you ! two ; but you kin keep the critters for the present,' replied the man. The doctor swore he would stand by bis friends to the last, but Clarence, who stood near him, whispered : ' If you get through, Doctor, you can give the alarm and bring succor.' 'But what's to become of you?' asked the doctor. ' Whatever may become of us, you cannot help us by remaining.' ' But, curBe them I they would not dare to harm a United States officer I' ?' They have not hesitated to rob one. They have set the law at defiance. Why should they stop at you ? By leaving, you can help us.' ' Perhaps you are right, Dawn. But it is terrible to think these things pos sible in this year of: our Lord, 1876.1 Terrible 1 Terrible 1' While, the doctor and Clarence were ; , talking,' Bly a..d his companions came ; down from the hill, and formed a circle of fierce faces about the little band. During all this time Mrs. Palmer, her daughter, and Marv Raymond remained perfectly quiet, but keenly observant of everything that was going oh. 'J Tliar's ' no time to lose ?' shouted ? Bly, so.far emtjldened that he did not hesitate to exercise his authority. ' All ' but tbe'doctor and Weldon and Rogers must give up their arms.' ; '.'.Follow my examp'e, Clarence,' said the major, and advancing lie threw his rifle and pistol-belt on the ground. ' Great was ' the surprise of all when .Ham stepped- forward and laid down . 7 IFelter's niclile-plated pistols . and silver . hilted; knife, which the major in the ex .::citeui6nt.-of .the last few days had for v« eotten'al^about. ' ?. r^ Monnt quick's'you km i'/ called^oiii '' j .. . ' v.' ' First ; let us bid farewell to Onr ' ''friends,' said I he 'major j then, turning 'to the doctor, be -whispered : ? j Ride ^ith yopr two companions ^ith '. all, speed to tlfe railroad. Telegraph 'our condition, give the facts, and call on the ? governor for aid. These .men, I am satis. . '.'-Ss^'jiqn break camp at once, and push, for the wilds of the south west. They must be headed off at any cost.' 'Butytrn do not consider your own', fate/' purged the doctor. ' ' ' ' Trust' me for that. I want to see the ladiea secure, or learn Felter's inten J -tions. : Now, o'.d friend, good-bye, and , God. bless' you 1' | ;v The major sliook the doctor's hand;. the ( x- parting was as bitter as it was brief. ' 1 . Three mrn rode on to the east, and the , six. .prisoners— for such we may call them . : .. .-—rpde west, surrounded by the worst set, ;of thieves and wretches that ever cursed if. lart'd with their : presence, or set its Iawsat defiance by their acts. , v. ? Going back .was to Mrs. Palmer like , going to the gravp, . Slic did not think cf ? ? herself, theruined home, or the grave beSidC the'bnraedchurch. All her.thoughtswere tpr Alio?, She did iibt-^-how- pould she?1' , — r-see the tilling .power and producer of these_ troubles; She did not know that. ' -Felter was but tlie tool of a designing* ruffian, in whose veins ran blood kindred to t)iat of her Jiusband. . : gOf Jacob Hobrook she had hear'd h'er ? hiisbtind speak, hut never with the desire or the hope that he would ever receive a dollar 'of; the close-fisted old man's -wealth. - How could/sh.e know that'the uncle's death should be the cause :of her s Imsbaud's murder ? 'for she had never even hcard of George Blkins. She - Jinot tlream'^that shey or -her dauglitii, stood in the way of two unprincipled wretches who could not -rest content till they lay in their graves. , A hundred conflicting fears troubled her heart. . The majority 'were well founded, and they were only the off shoots of the greater danger that she could not suspect, as the branches are the_ affshonts of the tree. Next to Alice she feared for Clarence Dawn. She loved the brave, handsome young man as if he had been her own son ; and she looked forward with joyoub anticipation to the time 'when he slioujd indeed be her son. But now she shudw; dered. She knew that Felter and his companions hated Clarence, aud that they would not hesitate to accomplish bpenly what hitlierto they had attempted with cowardly secrecv. - Seeing nothing but death; or worse, ahead, she wondered why the mnjor — for whom she had the most intense respect and liking— did not Sght these ?wretches till all were slain. Such an ending would have been infinitely ' pre ferable to her, compared with what the future promised. For some time Clarence rode on in silence, his handsome head bowed on his breast with a sense of overwhelming humiliation. He had still unbounded faith in the gal hint Harris : but if left to act for himself, he would have preferred immediate death to what he felt certain awaited liiui. And yet — and he pressed his hand to the place where the pistdl was concealed — lie would not die un avenged. He hid still the power to sweep one monster from the earth, and it gave him th&j;£omfort Charlotte Corday nutst-haye felfas she clutched tho hilt of hei hidden dagger in the -presence of the Mobdthirsty.ilarat.' ' ... ' ; It was not a sign «f weakness that he should give a thought to the: widowed, mother Valid i two : 8 intern by the i far-off iHudson, for . whose. enriAment^ rather titan his own, he was first/induced to .come to this land. Would Mir mother ever learn of his fate it he^fell 1 Would she wait for. his coming,' and close her eyes for the eternal sleep under the belief that he still lived 1 Oh, yes ; for even when - the child lies white and waxen before her, the mother cannot think him dead ; ai^d when the grave closes over him he still lives in her heart, \- But, think as he would about the loved ones in the home by the distant Hudson, Alice Palmer would comeagain and again — not to banish, but to replace them. She was beside him, pale, beauti ful, and resolutely heroic. He almost wished her in her grave. Mary Raymond rode close to the major. She felt that sense of security and pro tection in bis prcsence^tbat women always feel when near a strojg, ,cool man, in times of peril. And he whispered to her words of cheer that he could not: feel himsell, and affected a lightness that was.an ex ponent of'his true feelings, as soldiers on the eve of battle affect to sing and jest, though tho heart of each secretly trembles with dread of the awful morrow. Ham was tho only one of the party whoso tongue seemed to have been loosened by the calamity. He thought aloud, and never ceased praying and bewailing his fate. He seemed to he strongly impiossed with two convictions, first, that he was going to be killed by his captors; and second, that he was in anything but a proper state of spiritual preparation for death. At times he spoke abont Siudy (Lucinda), lhe dusky maiden in Cincinnati it is to be presumed, and deplored that he should never see ber again. The cavalcade moved with such celerity that within two hours they were, pissing round her smouldering ruins of Scrubb Creek City — a dreary, desolate eight it was too. Sam Bly headed directly for the cotton wood grove below the town; and his party . was greeted with a cheer when it came in Bight of Felter's camp. The exultation on both sides was loud and long. Felter hugged his henchman and swore he wa6 not only the bravest but the best man that ever handled a rifle or rode a horse. Even Captain George Elkins — usually as cold as a frozen oyster — seemed in fected with the enthusiasm of the moment and impressed with the unsuspected talents of Bly, for he slapped the old lawyer ou the back, and vigorously waved his hat, when some one, with a view to giving vent to their exuberant feelings, proposed three cheers, without stating -who the cheers were for; but, then,' that was not at all necessary. : . ^ Upring this cheering, shearing, nana-' Shaking and confusion, the' prisoners, were $eft«lone; no one could have tbougljt any o^6em.!would have attempted tdiscijpe, , if, indeed there, was a particular ' thought given the subject. i y ' Clarence,' whispered the majori 'Yes.' ? - : | ,,!j . ' Do you notice that they are prepared for fight?' . ' V.~ . r.'fl do.' ' . . I ! ''And have you heard them say the soldiers are coming, this yay, from Fort, Hill?'. ? . ; : . 'Yes.' ' , ' I will try. and get through! to the troops.' - ' What!' exclaimed Clarence. 'Not a word,. Coyer nib' with 'your ' horse!' - ' . .^'.j . -( 1 The major's horse had ' backed against - a tree from which were hanging rifles, belts and othpr equipments.- With a quickness that. seemed wondrous, he took down a set of, arms and moved softly off.1' V:J^ry^Raymorid saw him edging into die' WdSdsJ but she c^uld'not-'have uttered , a woril to save h'er life. . Pedretto saw him, and the major saw . that she saw him, and he could have kissed her little brown hand as she brought her horse inLo a position to' cover him.. i ? Back further and further.; watching', to the -rear, still dexterously ? guiding bis :horsP, among the trees, ;iwith- increasing (ipeed. And-then he Was out of sight. ''The major had not been jjime/fiye1 min utes; he was -still so close that he could have heard words in a loud voice from I tlie camp, .wheti Jack -Felter came over, and took a look — -a. proprietary look — at I -H tho piison.ers. . ( i\\- j.:-, ; ;'*Hello/Saml' hp shoute'd. ' *' Wa'al, what's up?' asked Blypfirty yards off. / i ' Didn't you tell me you'd brought Harris along?' . ' And so I- did,' said Bly hurrying over. ' 'Thon you've lost him!'' 'Losthihi!' ' '' He aint here,' , ' But ho must bel' persisted Bly. - , The carup was at once in an uproar. \- Men seized their rifles and ran here and there, And Felter, with an instinct ive perception of the course the fugitive .had takeh, ,;irew himself on his horse and dashed through the eottonwoods at a fierce galop, right on the, major's track. The woods on both sides of the stream though dense, were only a few hundred yards through. The water was shallow, but Jiad it been bridle deep, Felter would not have hesitated to dash through. He was splendidly mounted and he. knew the major was not. So fierce and vindictive was he that he determined to shoot7 him when he came -within .range of l is rifle. Ho galloped out of the woods and saw the major within easy range, and going off at a quick -canter, He sprang from his horse, and threw bis rifle over his saddle to fire. It was that act of jumping off that saved his life, for a rifle blazed out from down tho river and the bullet whistled over his head, bo disconcerting his own aim. .before he could even wonder at this, another shot was heard, and his horse fell, with the blood spouting from his nostrils.; . . ' , ' Jack Felter glanced in tho direction of the fire, for the fraction. of a second, and.j saw a tall man 'sitting on his herse under : a .tree; and there was a red mark -on hip left breast. -' ' Felter did not ? wait to see mo're. With a cry of horror he ran intp the wbodsand over the stream, rushing blindly against the trees, and would have fallen, in ' his helplessness and' agony of dread,, had not Sam Bly and some of his men, attracted by the firing, -hastened to his assistance. ' I saw him again, Saui !' gasped Fel ter. ' 7' 'Hist, man; not so loud I Yes, the ghost.' ' And the prisoner?' 'H«'s off; but say I did not see him. Do not. tell the boys. My horse threw me, and I'm bruised ; that's all. ' I see, I see,' whispered Bly. ' And, Sim, you must get tho boys mounted. It won't do to stay here a minute longer than we kin help.' They 'rejoined their companions, and the explanation, hastily made up by Felter, was accepted as truth. There was no further preparation for the march necessary ; all was ready when Bly came in for the east. Felter boon had auother horse, and his mounting was tlie signal for the camp to u ove. The captives were placed ;n the centre, scouts were thrown out on the flanks, and tbe march to the south began. Elkins and Lawyer Bland noticed there was a marked change in Felter, for dur ing the day ho wore a cowed, crest-fallen look, and thev knew it was caused by the morning adventure. They firmly believed that the major had worsted him, but they did not dare to hint their suspicions. , (To be cmtimed .) The Education Commission further examined Mr. Brown, secretary to the department, wlio produced a return of school buildings erected or enlarged without the recommendation of officers of the department, but in the majority of instances it appeared that the atten dance justified the actions of the Minister. Mr. Salmon, a truant officer, gave information of the operation of tho compulsory clause, and stated tliat he had frequently to force convicted thieves into State schools. These youths contaminate other children, and ho suggested that schools in populous districts should have aprelirninary train ing before introduction into the general school. The Victorian Lands Department arc talcing action io several cases where child ren of both sexes 'have obtained selections by falsely declariug themselves to be over IS years of age. Cases of this nature have principally occurred in the North eastern districts. The leases and moneys paid have been .forfeited,, and the matter reported to the Crown' law officer. It is 'probable' that proceedings will be insti tuted for perjury. : ' , The Minister of Agpculture is taking steps to plant areas in 'Various Suitable ,/ocalities, ip the. cplpny/with .wattle., \- Mr. : Kewbery having intimated to the Governinfent that he would resign his post, as Inspector of Explosives af 1 his recom mendations relative .jto storage .were not carried out, as he could not accept the re sponsibility of such' great danger, the Go vernment have decided to store the explo sives in small 'magazines' oh shore. A quantity of blasting gelatine which was reported to be in ' a dangerous , state was removed from the. hulk. The Post-office authorities have inti mated that stamps! perforated with tbe initials/or, names -of firms, &c.;, are to be acceptedlas postage, &c.;, but must not be pgrcbased nor : received as savings bank ?deposits.' ,.?!?- It is suspected that the man Robert' r Francis (Burns, who {is now 'awaiting his triaf for- the murder of Charles, Forbes,, whbbe' headless ' trunk was fonnd near Stawell some months age, was implicated t'in tho'mnrder 'of a- man named, Michael 'Quinlirih, niar Dunkeld, about ttvo years ago., About:that time the remains of a ruan-were found in the bush, the top of the 6kull being smashed in. They were bur iod without, being: identified,, but the clothes .were i&bseqnenlly; identified by his. brother and' sister, named Quinlivan, as liavjog belonged to their brother Michael.' It is now ascertained that Michael Quin livan afid'!Buni8 were mates together in a railway contract^ and that Quinlivan on lesTipg h&d; £80 in his possession, includ ing a cjieque .for £16, £4 of which be longed io' Burns,' who left Harrow with . him. Qainlivon was not afterwards seen a'iTe* _ ; -a',! 