SUNDAY READING. The Flood of EyH. Br thbVsetBbv. H. Law, M.A., Deak of GlOITCEBTIE. I ' God saw that the wickedness of man was great in , the earth, aod that ererv imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only eril continually.'—Gen. yi, 5. A SOLEMN scene hero opens. Who can contemplate it, and shudder net? God appo&rs; looking down on earth's inhabitants. What sight meets His eye ? It is wickedness —great wicknedness. He sees eril—only evil —in every imagination of every thought of every heart. Can it be so? Man who entered Eden's garden, the happy image of his God—who stepped upon earth's stage, decked in pure robes of innocence—whose early thoughts were only redolent of heaven-whose primal bias moved in the line of holiness—whose infant affections heat with tho pulte of righteous love —whose dawn was the clear light of godliness —can man bo now so changed! How is the sparkling jewel tarnished! How is the bright gold dimmed! The crown is fallen from the head. The lovely robe is tittered. The features no more smile in beauty. The Sower once fragrant is a weed. The holy nature is degenerate. Love hardens into enmity. Blasphemy pollutes the lips so lately turned to praise. The subject holds the rebel's arms. The child is an apostate alien. ' God saw that the wickodness of man was great in tho earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually•' Man—can he now be so changed 1 Yes! Sin has come with ils debasing power. Alas! what ruin it has wrought 1 How terrible are its properties. How frightful are its effects. Hew desolating is its step. How withering is its touch. The garden of Eden— the beauty of all beauties—bloomed before it. It passed the gate, and the misexj of all miseries followed in its rear. Man, lovely as a ray of righteousness, stood before the fiend. He parleyed with it and became this mass of evil. Such the ch&nge.; And Bin effected it. Header, think deeply, that it is a fearful thing to stray from God. Behold the dark abyss, into which transgression fell, and hate the err ing path. Mark these wide ravages, and loathe the spoiler. Contemplate a world undone, and execrate tho murdering monster. ' But, perhaps, while you survey the record, some doubting thoughts arise. The inquiry in ay intrude, is this description literally cor rect? Are not the colours too darkly laid? Is there no rhetorical excess ? Let such misgivings be cost out. They hold the germ of sceptic blindness. Nothing here can be exaggerated. The speaker is eternal Truth. If man had framed the sentence, it might have been tinged by inability to judge or proncaess to misstate Bat no created intel lect here decides. God, the Holy Ghost, from His bright throne, makes the announcement. TTaavon't tnnn^i in fliA ' Aim? (tw Heaven s voice sounds in the words,(God saw, that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.1 God's all-piercing eye cannot read wrongly. The Spirit s hand cannot pen error. Let then all heads bow low. Let every ear devoutly listen. Let every heart assent. Undoubted verity speaks here with open mouth. Thus with sorrowing reverence we draw nearer to tho fearful picture. In the fore ground stands 1 wickedness.' This is a fright ful monster. It is antagonism to our God. It rears a couuter-atandard to His will. It tramples down His laws. It defies His au thority. If possible, it would scale tho skies, and hurl Him from His throne. Its aim is to convert heaven imto hell. Whose is this wickedness ? The • wickedness of man.' Man, and man alone of all, who breathe tho vital air, claims wickedness as his his own. ' We know, tliut the whole creation groMieth and travailoth in pain together until now Bom. viii, 22. But the blame is not theirs. Theirs is the suffering. But man's wickedness le£ loose tho plague. * Cursed is the ground.' Thorns and thistles bristle on its soil. But the fault is not in it. Man is wicked: therefore his abode is his disorder. Creatures endure much anguish—hardship— suffering — death. But their disobedience roused not avenging wratli. Mau is tho cul prit. His crime sinks earth iu a slough of woe. The degradation is world-wide. 'The cause is wholly his. Wickedness is his sole property. Therefore, O man, see your exclu sive speciality. Boast not of any excellency. Glory not of reason—faculties - power—mind —intollocl—talent. Parade not your stores of acquired wisdom your invest {gating t no wledgo —your elaborating skill. But rather blush, that your superiorities claim wickedness as their territory. v The picture noit exhibits man's heart.. This is tho homo of tho affections—the spring-head of desires—thccradloof each nnpulso. Here tho character receives its form. This is the rudder of the lifo. This is tlio guide of walk. As is tbohonrt, suoh is the individual. Hero schemes, ami plans, and purposes are conceived. This is the mot her of contrivance nud cUviee. What is naturally transacted in this labora tory ? Tito roplv here meets u«. 'Kvert imagination'—every germ of idea—every in cipienfc embryo of notion—every , feeling, when . it begins to moTe—every passion, "when it] stirs —every inclination, as it arises, is ' only evil.' Terrifio word I Evil. Hero wickedness comes forth in another but not less frightful form. Evil. It is theoffspring of theevilone. It bears . the impress of the devU. It is foul, as he is foul. It is vile, as he is vile. It is accursed, is he is accursed. •• ' Only evil!' No ray of light mitigates the darkness. No spark alleviates the impure night. No righteous spot relieves the sinful monotony. No flowsr of goodness blooms in tbe rank desert. Uniformity without one check rules. * Every imagination of the thoughts of the heart'ruBh out in one stream. No rSl finds other vent. All flow in the one channel of evil—'only evil.' Turn not too quickly from this picture. It is not yet complete. The full hidequanees is * 'only evil continually.* "What! U there nore*;.: spite? Is evil never weary ? Does no inter-., mission break the tremendous sameness ? Ah !. no. There is no moment of a brighter dawn. 1 Every imagination of the thoughts of his heart is only evil continually.' There is con tinually this miserable continuity. Thought chases thought with lightning-rapidity: but each is only evil without mitigation—without pause. Swiftly they rise and swiftly fly j hut their wings are only evil—never flagging— , never Tarring. Counties* are these imagina- - tions ; but they all show one feature—evil con tinually. There is no better aspect. Header, the point is reached now for home application. Draw back the curtain and mark: the contents of your breast. Your own heart, in Us natural state is this flood of evil. Do you start ? Are you indignant at the charge ? Is your first impulse stoutly to contradict ? If so, it is a fatal sign. It proves decisively, that the imaginations of the thoughts of your heart are very evil. When the Father of lights gives saving grace, then instantly the foulness of the'inner man is seen. Then the illuminated conscience testifies, 'Behold, I am vile/ When the revealing Spirit uplifts the heaven-lit torch, then new born vision discerns the sin-sick ruin/ You cannot see—nay, you deny—the rule of . sin within you. But may not the plague—al though imfelfc—exist ? Night hides, but can-' not nullify, the landscape. Want of perception destroys not surrounding realities. Appeal to a regenerate man. The response most readily asseverates that no description can exaggerate the flood of evil which once deluged his heart. Charge him as sliapen in iniquity, he meekly sighs—Alas! how true! But, blessed be God! through grace, I am a new man now. But your experience is unconscious of a change. Therefore you are unchanged. And if you are unchanged, you flounder yet in evil's flood. May then the Lord of life give light—give sight to see your own ailment in the mirror of these words! 'Every imagination of the thoughts of his heart is only evil continually.' iJUt yuu rejcuu mis acuu:iico <w uepiyuiug yourself. You half hope that it belongs to some by-gone days. You confine it to some long-past period of ©special oril. You abjure , its general features. You question its applica tion to man's whole family, in every age. But say, is it not a life-likeness of our first parents, from the moment of their fall? Be hold them sinless. God was their hearts' delight. Behold them guilty. What is their conduct ? Shame overwhelms them. There fore evil has torn off innocence. Trembling occupies their hearts. c They heard the roico of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day/ Gen. iii, 8. They spring not joyous to the loved communion. They fly. They seek some covert. They shrink into con concealment. Is it not evil to shun God? This is their desire. Thus the imagination of the thoughts of their hearts proves wickedness —great wickedness. They dream, that trees can hide from the all-probing eye. This folly is most evil ? Evidence is clear, that evil now is the parent of their imaginations. Adam, when called, speaks in reply. What are his words? Alas! we see no penitence— no humility—no cry for pardon. He avows his fear. Thus he betrays evil; for ho allow#, that punishment is due. Adam's lips un wittingly attest, that the imagination of his thoughts is now a flood of evil. When God probes deeper, deeper evil rises to thesurface. The blame is east on others, nay, on God Himself.. 'The woman, whom Thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree.* While Eve is charged as bringing the temptation to his hand, God is implicated, as bringing a tempting partner to his side. Con evil exceed this ? - Ere. too, is now a flood of evil. She screens herself behind the serpent's craft. ' The ser pent beguiled me, and I did eat.' The main sin is another's. I only yielded to seducing guile. Here then the broad fact stares us broadly in the face. Evety imagination of tho thoughts of man's heart, from the first day of sin, was only evil. Each word—each act—the produce of each thought—was evil—only evil. It is clear then, that evil gained universal sway in Adam's heart. Thus it poisoned the spring of future streams. It utterly corrupted the soil of human thought. Now the sourco being unclean, cleanness cannot issue from it. It follows, then, that mau iu every age must enter life with a heart evil—only evil con tinually. ' A9 face answeretlito face in water, so answeretli the heart of man to man/ Think then no more, that this portrait de lineated peculiar vilcness. Such was the first sinner soiled by sin. Such are all born in sin's family. Beadcr, it is then your vorv state, as a corrupt branch of a corrupted tree. It is yottrpollution, as desoending from this tniuted fount. Until gare works its wondrous change, wickedness great wickedness—prevails. 4 Every imagina tion of the thoughts of his heart is only evil continually/ Evil is the common flood. But out. of these materials God peoples heaven with a redeemed multitude, pure and glorious^ Himself. Yes, through grace, there is relief large as (lie need. There is a remedy. mighty toTieal the deepest depths of the disease. The sinner is sot for evor buried in hopeless guilt. God, from all eternity foreseeing the fall and its tremendous woe, devised a repara tion wide as the breach. This gracious work is entrusted to His beloved Sou. Jesus consents to take the guilty place. He opens on the cross the fountain of all-cleansing blood. The flow* ing stream is efficacious to wash a way all sin. Its virtue obliterates all stain of evil. Thus though iniquities are more than all wide oceanVavnds, and each of deepest dyef the atoning death can make them whiter than the purest snow. The blood of Jesus touches them, and they for ever vanish. They recede far as , the east is from the west. They s-nk from dis covery, deep as the sea's unfathomable depths. J The believer's wickedness doubtless has been very great. The imaginations of the thought of his natural heart have loDg been only evil. But not one speck of all this vileness can be found. The glorious merits of the dying Jesra have expiated all. Sin has dene its worst to ruin. Jesus has done far more to save.- - But Jesus meets the children of His lovo with more than cleansing blood. He clothes them also with 13" robe of righteousness. He in their nature and their stead obeyed to the utmost all the holy will of our most holy God. Ho places this obedience to tlieir account, as if it were the garment wrought by our own hands. Hi this they stand at heaven's portals, and the gates fly open. Their plea avails. They are counted meet inmates for the palace of the King of kings—fit partners for His very throne. Bin destroyed creature-righteousness. Jesus brings in a righteousness divine. But the Gospel-mercy is rieher yet. Nature's heart is, as lias been shown, a quarry of vile materials. It cannot he mended. These stones can frame no holy fabric. But grace works wonders. The Holy Spirit oomes, and a new creation springs to life. He takes away the stony heart. He creates it gloriously clean. Thus old things pass away. Thus all things become new. The moral desert smiles fruitful and fragrant as Eden's garden. It rejoices and blossoms as the rose. Isaiah xxxv, 1. Instead of the thorn comes up the fir-tree—instead of the brier comeB up the myrtle-tree: ond it is to the Lord for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall sot be cut off. Is. lr, 13. The love of God is implanted. Delight in evil is rooted up. Conformity to the image, of JesUB is inwrought. Holy communion and holy ways are now the sweet delight. Heaven is longed for, as the realm of perfect purity. The call to cross death's Jordan is welcomed, that sin may be for ever left behind, and sinful. soundB no longer vex, and sinful sights no longer pain, and sinful temptations no longer trouble. The soul longs for scenes, and com pany, and atmosphere, where all is lore. „ The believer's wickedness has doubtless been very great—the imaginations of the thoughts of his natural heart have been very evil: hut he is born again. Sin made man very vile. The Spirit enters: and a new fabric rises. Blessed be God for His Sovereign work of grace! Blessed be God for Jesus and the Spirit! Header, this beacon tells you what man is by nature—what you were by birth. . Say, what is your present state ? Avc&icax; Philanthbopt.—A company of 25 American workiog people were received lately by the Eight Hon. John Bright at his residence. They eubssquently met the Lord Mayor at the Mansion Honse, and were entertained by him at luncheon. Brief speeches of welcome were made by Mr. Bright and the Lord Mayor, and replied to by Mr. E. D. Jordan, under whose guidance the Americans are travelling. They are young men'and women cboeea from the various departments of the drapers* stores of Jordon and Marth at Boston, Massachusetts, one of the largest establishments of its kind in America, employing some 3,000 persons. The proprietors have arranged to send 25 of their employes abroad every year, making them a free gift of their trip through Europe. The aim is to familiarise their " helps " with the manneis, customs, and institutions of the , Old World, as well as to give them a few weeks of the enjoyment of foreign travel.—English paper. The Mooh.—,c In a recent communication Mr.S Helmnth Dueberg, of Berlin, presents/' Public Opinion observes, if a new theory of the moon, and argues the possibility of its being inhabited on the farther side. It is well known that the moon always presents the same face to the earthl Because this side of the moon is an airless and waterless detert, we are not justi fied, Mr. Dueberg thinks, in assuming that the other side is like it. Since the moon dots not revolve so as to change the -side presented .to the earth, and since the attraction of the earth for the moon is very great, the heavier side, if there is any, must be turned this way. Sup. posing the moon .to possess nir end wator, these lighter; and mote fluent elements of her composition would of necessity lie on the farther ride. In the absence of any centri fogal force due to rotation on her own axis, the only centrifugal force acting upon the moon must be that resulting from the moon's motion i round the earth. This would tccd still more ! to fcfcrow tbo moon's air and water to the 4out' i side with respect to the earth. For a practical illustration of this view, Mr. Dueberg MJggtwts a ball swinging in a circle by means of a cord. The ball, like the moon, will always turn the same side to the centre of revolution, and if it be dipped in any liqid, the liquid will bo rapidly accumulated on the opposite or outer ; ride. Hcneo the possibility of water, air, aud life on the moon, around the shores of a cen- ! tral lunar eea, on the side always turned away | from.ns." . . . . ■ 