MR. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. Mr. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsome bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, being a very handsome man, looked well in it. It sometimes occured to Mrs. Bixbv that she would be quite as well pleased u this were not so, and if she did not so often hear of his fig uring in the crowd of oathers, who played the mermaid at Splashtown beach, morning and afternoon. Mrs. Bixby was sure he was not so fond of ducking her under the waves. On those rare occasions when she did ' go in,' he allowed her to bob up and down, clutching at the rope for a while, and then asked her, very curtly, if she ' wasn't tired of it?' She generally was to tell the truth. Under such circumstances who would not have been ? Mr Bixby was oneof those beauty-men who gen erally snub their female relatives, and keep their charms for society; but, besides this, he bore his wife a particular grudge : She was the niece of seven very old aunts and uncles, all immensely rich, and all 'very fond of Matilda.' But perhaps they were not as fond of Matilda's husband, for since their marriage six of them had died, without leav ing her a penny. With each demise Mr. Bixby grew less affectionate. ' He married me for my expectations, no doubt,' poor Matilda thought to herself, as she regarded in the mirror, a countenance that had no particularly fine features; and she, too, thought of the thousands that might have been hers, if she had married some one more agreeable to her family. She saton the porch alone, this pleasant July day, after Mr. Bixby had gone gallantly away seaward, with the little waterproof satchel in which he carried his bathing-suit, and Turkish towels, and thought of many things, and fell into such a deep brown study, that when some one addressed her with : ' Your letters, Mrs. Rixbv.' she started, and cave a little cry. ' Did I frighten you?' said the voice of a fellow-boarder. 'I didn't know you were nervous. I am dreadfully, but you arc al ways so composed. It is only to give you your letters. I brought them from the office.' ' Thank you,' said Mrs. Bixby. ' I think I must have been asleep,' and as the other lady passed on, she turned the missives over in her lap. There were five of them ; one, a letter with a black seal, Mrs. Bixby tore it open. It was as she had expected. Her Uncle Jedediah, aged ninety, was dead. That was sad. Mrs. Bixby took out her handkerchief, and read on. Her uncle had left all his money to the Asylum for Attorneys' Orphans. This was sadder still. The handkerchief was wet in an instant, and as her tears fell, Mr. Bix by's voice fell on her ear. '? I've come back, Tilly. I promised to wait for some one who is going to the beach. You have letters?' Mrs. Bixby wiped her eyes, and gave him those with his name upon their envelopes. He simply held them, staring at the black edged paper in her hand. ' How you like to torment me, Tilly,' he said at last, ' what news have you?' ' Uncle is dead,' she answered. 'Well?' ' He has left his money to a charity,' sob bed Mrs. Bixby. Mr. Bixby muttered an oath, and marched away. In the hall of the hotel a lady of fascina ting air, and little pencilled lines under her handsome eyes, met him — probably by acci dent. The two went toward the beach to gether, talking earnestly. ' Certainly, he married me for my expec tations,' said Mrs. Bixby, and went to her room to weep with more freedom. She did not even go down to dinner that evening, and Mr. Bixby did not come up to ask why. About midnight there was consternation in the hotel. Mrs. Bixby was making inquiries about Mr. Bizby, and the last seen of him was in the water. Various persons knew of his entering it in his handsome bathing dress. Nobody had seen him come oot. There was great excitement with the coming dawn. Various young ladies reported him as '? swim ming beautifully' at five o'clock. He had. tried to teach one to swim. It was evident that he was drowned. Mrs. Bixby was going from one room into another upstairs, mid calling on her dear, darling, lovely Augustus, to forgive her her coldness. Sympathetic ladies filled the room, doctors were called in, and reporters were jotting d,own paragraphs: ' ? Meanwhile another letter, with a black seal, addressed to Mrs. Bixby, arrived at the hotel; When she was alje to Bead it, she did so. It was from her lawyers. A later will of her .Uncle Jedediah's had been discovered. He had taken a dislike to one of the trustees of the 'Attorneys' Orphans,' and had lei^ all his fortune to his ' dear nieoc, Matilda Bix by.' ' If poor Augustus had but lived to share it,' sobbed the widow. But, after all, it was a consolation. She remained at the hotel all winter, visited by grave legal gentlemen, and wearing the deepest weeds. In Spring she bought a cot tage near the beach, furnished it luxuriously and became a regular summer resident. Wealthy, flattered, courted, she became^ quite handsome. Attentions were showered upon her. Serious offers were made for her hand. At length Jenkins, the reporter, mentioned, in a long-winded paragraph, the facts of her 'Romantic History;' how her fortune had been left her when she was plunged in agonies of grief, how much her 'residence' was worth, and what her crape cost a yard. And one suitor, more persistent than the others, wound himself about her heart. She had determined to remain a widow, but she was very lonely. She had vowed to marry no handsome man. This man whom she preferred was not handsome; he had one crossed eye and a clnb foot ; but Matilda be lieved that she should be perfectly happy with him. Her mourning faded into lilac silk and vio lets, white tulle and pansies. And one day she walked upon the beach, slowly making up her mind as to the form in which her accept ance of a written offer, which she had re ceived, should be coached, when, looking out upon the sea, her eyes met an object whicHi petrified her with amazement. It was' simply a swimmer, who, having gained a spot where the water a was only up to his waist, was advancing toward her; but the surprising point in this otherwise very ordi nary object was that it wore Mr. Bixby's bath ing costume. His wife knew it too well to be mistaken. Had she not embroidered that pattern on the collar herself? Was not that braid made to order ? Were not the buttons some which had descended from the past? Real gold buttons — too good, Mrs. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing suit. The widow turned faint as she gazed, for not only did she know the dress, but the handsome head above it. She knew that it was Mr. Bixby's ghost. Her limbs failed her. She sat down on the sand, and hid her face in her trembling hands. But now a splashing sound of feet treading the damp beach roused her. She looked up. The spectre stood beside her, looking very solid, indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke, and said : 'Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am your own Augus tus. Look up, love. Look up.' And fell exhausted — or so it seemed to Matilda — at her side. Matilda shrieked, clasped him in her arms, wet as he was ; sobbed that the joy of that moment would be too much for her, and never thought for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in the sea should walk out of it alive and unharmed a year afterward. But Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. He had swam out too far, and been picked up by a boat attached to a whaling vessel — the Sea Gull, Captain Brown — he was careful to ex plain ; had bean ill and delirious for weeks, and only recovered to find the ship driving before a fearful gale, which wrecked her in mid-ocean. With seven others he took to a raft, and was cast on a deserted island, where he had since lived tn his bathing suit, subsist ing on shell-fish and berries. And how at hist, knowing himself to be a good swimmer, he had resolved to make a bold stroke for life. ' And here I am,' added Mr. Bixby. Poor Matilda, crediting every word of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. ' And what must have been your struggles, my poor wife ?' sighed the the husband. Then Matilda astonished him by an ac count of her legacy, and conducted him home, to the amazement of every one who met them — joy in her eyes and in her poor, honest heart. Left alone in his apartment while the faith ful wife prepared beef tea and other restora tives, for the individual she had recently been in the habit of alluding to as ' her sainted husband,' Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing fits of silent laughter, and several times re peated to himself : 'Hang it! was there ever such a fool as Tilly ?' and a tramp who wandered on the shore was at the same time overjoyed by the discovery of a rather seedy suit of clothes, in the pockets of which, besides several reproach ful pink notes, signed Rosalie, he found a Chicago newspaper in which the enterprising reporter's account of Mrs. Bixby's ' romantic history,' her good 'fortune, and. her seaside mansion had been faithfully copied. However, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal in her power, was not as often snubbed in the future as she had been in the past. Her hus band no longer flirted in her presence, and she considers herself an exceedingly happy wo man, and is very fond of repeating the story of Mr. Bixby's adventures, which she has no doubt the whole world believes as thoroughly as she does. 