CLOSING OF MESSRS. ROBERTS AND TWOPENTS PERTH EXHIBITION \- Financially the closing ceremony of the Exhibition, which Messrs. Joubert and Twopeny have held in this colony, was a grand success, the entries being unexpectedly numerous as a concert it was a total failure. Dense crowds filled the aisles of the Exhibition Building, and blocked up every available space ; the steam of over-heated humanity was unpleasantly in evidence, and smelling salts greatly in request The colony every part of it-was well represented. North, South, East, West, from every township, from every district, our settlers had gathered in, and thronged the Exhibition building to see the last of the excitement, and to enjoy the promised musical treat If stewing for two hours in a densely packed crowd is excitement, they got that., As for the music- those who happened to be in" the North Aisle may have heard it. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Robinson, and suite arrived about 8 o'clock, and sat very patiently throughout the performance upon a dais which had been erected in the South transept, a few yards from the fountain. After an overture from the band, M. Joubert declared the awards a list of which, with few exceptions, having already appeared in these columns, there is no need that we should repeat them here. The promoter of the Exhibition then advanced to His Excellency the Governor, and read the following address : MAY IT PLEASE YOUR EXCELLENCY - We have taken the liberty to invite you here this evening to receive and proclaim the list of Awards handed over to us by the Jurors appointed to examine and report upon the specimens of Arts and Manufactures sent here from all parts of the world to compete for honors, and also to declare the final closing of the Perth International Exhibition. Whilst the exhibits of foreign nations as well as those from the sister colonies have attracted so much attention, and have deservedly received many honor- able mentions, it is most gratifying to find that even in competition with exhibits from countries which can justly boast of progress and advancement, Western Australia has carried 51 first and 13 second awards as well as 18 honorable mentions. Taking into consideration the population of this colony so sparsely dispersed over its immense territory-the lack of communication with the interior, and the fact that contrary to all precedent the Perth Exhibition was only open from 2 to 5 p.m., and from 7 to 10 p.m., the attendance compares most favorably with that of the Sydney, Melbourne, or Adelaide Exhibitions, as shown in the following statement : Sydney, attendance 850,480, with a population ' of 200,000 Melbourne, do., 986,000 do. . 260,000 Adelaide, do., 270,000 do. 2,000 Perth, do., 18,000 do. 31,200 We beg also to remind Your Excellency that the net cost of the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions was £264, 244 and £249, 590, whilst Adelaide and Perth Exhibitions, started and carried out on a different basis, in no way intrenched on the Public Exchequer and yet we claim this fact that the beneficial effects to the colony are the same, and, in this instance, it is our desire that the success of the Perth International Exhibition be publicly recorded. We should indeed fail in gratitude if we did not prior to the final closing of this Exhibition, express our warmest and most heartfelt thanks for the untiring and valuable countenance we have received from Your Excellency, and the assistance rendered to us by the Government of this colony, and the Mayor and Corporation of the City of Perth. The Exhibitors join us in thanking also the members of the juries, the Press, and last, though not least, the Police authorities and men who have so faithfully watched and kept secure the valuable goods entrusted to their care. To the above, and to the public who so constantly visited the Recreation Grounds, the success of the Exhibition is due. In conclusion, allow me, in the name of our exhibitors and all those who followed us here, to assure Your Excellency that we shall all and for ever keep a pleas- ing remembrance of the short but pleasant days we have spent in this colony, where we leave so many friends to whom we now regret to have to say fare- well ! This regret, however, is softened by the cherished hope that the Exhibition now about to be closed will be the means of initiating a new era of prosperity for Western Australia, and the belief that the business connections which have arisen from it will be of mutual benefit to all concerned. JULES JOUBERT, B. E. N. TWOPENY, Perth, Western Australia., January 3, 1882 His Excellency then rose and read the following reply : GENTLEMEN-In complying with your request that I should now receive and proclaim the list of awards handed over to you by the Jurors appointed to report upon the specimens of Arts and Manufactures sent here for competition, and also declare the final closing of the Exhibition, I am happy to have the opportunity of congratulating you on the success which has attended your spirited enterprise, and of thanking you on behalf of the colony for the benefit which you have conferred upon it by means of this undertaking. There cannot be a doubt that the many advantages which in my reply to your address on the opening day I ventured to anticipate as likely tore suit from this Exhibition, will be realised. Already we have felt the impetus which it has given to trade and business generally, and as an illustration of this I may mention that during the month of December the Customs and Railway passenger receipts exceeded the monthly averages for the year by about 60 and 50 percent, respectively. am glad to learn that the attendance compared so favorably with the attendance at the Exhibitions previously held in the neighboring colonies and it is indeed most gratifying to find that our local exhibitors have carried no less than 67 awards and 18 honorable mentions. _ I beg to offer my congratulations, as also to those exhibitors from abroad who have been so fortunate as to merit similar recognition. Familiar as you are with other Australian colonies, it is satisfactory to me to know that you share the favourable opinion which I have always entertained of the relative capabilities and prospects of Western Australia. Allow me to convey to you my appreciation of the energy and capacity which you have brought to bear in overcoming the many difficulties which you have had to encounter in carrying your work here to a successful issue, and to express my belief that the stimulus which you have given to our trade relations will tend to the further development of our varied and numerous resources. I cannot conclude without acknowledging the practical interest which you have taken in our local institutions and pursuits, as also the liberal and business-like spirit which you have displayed in all your dealings with the Government and the community generally. I now declare this Exhibition to be formally closed. After the Governor had ceased speaking the concert began. It would be very unfair to the musicians to criticise this performance; for all were working under exceptionally disadvantageous circumstances, the acoustic properties of the building being exceedingly bad. The Band, of course, could be heard ; they were able to command a hearing, though not, apparently, to prevent the discords which the interlarded music of the Punch and Judy show now and then unfortunately occasioned. They wound up with something really good-Mr. Needham's march, which was in pleasing contrast to that pot pourri, miscalled humour istic,' which was the piece de resistance. Again we ask, where in the name of wonder does the humour enter ; is it in the ' ha, ha, has that ghost of a daughter in the cock's crow,' which is something like a wheezy imitation of the vocal performance of that celebrated old bird stuck on top of the great clock at Strasburg. Besides the band, Mr. Onslow, alone, was audible to the audience, as a whole. But the first part of ' Ye shepherds watch' was completely spoilt by that horrible barrel organ which began to grind in the most idiotic way j just as the accomplished vocalist commenced his song. Occasionally, while singing her music from Roberto and " Una voce del soon be, a sound of Mrs. W. H. Gale's sweet voice was wafted to us, enough to enable us to detect the cultivated skill of her performance, and to long that the Town Hall instead of the 3 exhibition Building had been chosen for the concert-more of Mrs. Gale's songs we cannot say. Mr. Needham's fine choruses were given in a credit- able manner by a somewhat weak choir, and we are informed by those who were in the Northern transept that the other ladies and gentlemen who had kindly given their services struggled bravely with the difficulties against which they were forced to contend. During gone of the intervals between the pieces, His Excellency the Governor distributed certain med; ds awarded to successful exhibitors, the Mayor of Perth receiving those destined for this colony, and the representatives of the various firms who have taken part in the show coming forward to accept those assigned to strangers. This Exhibition has been successful far- beyond what could have been expected, under the circumstances, and we are very b ad that such has been the case. M. Joubert. might have made a better show with s statistics than he actually did, his figures being put together in a way which gives no correct means of comparison. They should have been compiled thus : Sydney, attendance 850,000, with a population of . 750,000 Melbourne, do. 986,000, do. do.... 862,000 Adelaide, do. 270,000, do. do.... 286,000 West Australia do. 18,000 do. do.... 31,000 In the cases of Sydney and Melbourne, M. Joubert has, apparently, given the population of the capital towns instead of that of the colonies in which they are situated, which makes the attendance at the two first exhibitions appear to be, proportionately, very much larger than it actually was. 