PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY. DEC. 12. of The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past 4; o'clock. FORFEITURE OF CALLS VALIDATION BILL A message was received from the Governor notifying that he had given the Royal assent to this bill. RAILWAY MANAGEMENT. Mr, Zox presented a petition signed by the Mayor of Melbourne, on behalf of a meeting of citizens held on the 8th December, praying the House to take immediate steps to place the management of the railways in the hands of Qualified and efficient men, whose independence and freedom should be secured, as in the case of the audit commissioners. Referred to the committee of the whole on the Railway Management Bill Mr. KERFERD asked when the Railway Management Bill would be circulated. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN As soon as the want of confidence motion is disposed of, QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE. THE AGE AND MR WOODS. Mr. WOODS said Mr. Speaker desire to bring under notice a matter of privilege A gross and scandalous breach of privilege has been committed upon the House, or on members of it, in an article in yesterday's Age Mr. BENT Hear, hear Mr. WOODS -I will read the article in question, "Though the speakers at the Town hall on Friday afternoon did not allude In so man., wards to the cancerous growth of corruption which has made the present Parliament stink in the nostrils of all honest and respectable people, It was only because they were kept from doing so by that sense of politeness which prevents a well bred company from noticing the CC99 poor that is soothing and restoring Under their OBCS There is a tacit agreement in po the society that certain mail cancer should he home In evidence which it would be a breach of good manners to refer to As they had met together for the odense of purpose of discussing the railway accident and the lessons of policy and administration that it has taught us the citizens naturally shrank from vulgarising the sub jests treating It In obnoxious ulm disgusting and repulsive to see But n itiiitbstaiidlng the appeal to their instincts of pr priety the tempts me proved too strong for Sir Archibald Michie to pass over the extraordinary disclosures which have been modern role tion Mr LentB dealings with Mr John W ooda and his brake ' In the first place I want to know what these disclosures and I know, of none I do not know of anything to disclose or conceal, now orator] time, and if anyone else knows of anything to conceal or disclose, I shall be very much obliged if he will say what it is I have had nothing to conceal from the beginning to the end of the matter and there- fore there can be no disclosures to make The writer proceeds - "If Mr Woods brake had not been in the field and If Mr Woods himself had not been a member of Parliament with a horse and a vote of to give, it is morally certain that the trains which collided on the Hawthorn line would have been fitted with a continuous brake of Boaio kind and that there would have been no collision no loss of life and limb, and no heavy tax upon the public purse to compensate the sufferers After the costly experience of trusted by the Jolimont accf lost no Minister would have dared to neglect or ignore the desertions of the Parliamentary committee that inquired into Its causes except under the press of of some exceptionally strong and crintnaudlug mother Mr Bent says that he is no longer a Bharehold r In the Woods Invent! m, but he cannot deny that be not so very long ago denounced Mr Woods as a rogue and his brake as a job, and that notwithstanding this he is now negotiating for its purchase, and is willing to recoin mind Parliament to bury it. If the brush o is a job, and if he January, 1889, Mr Woods was arguing the colony, in seeking to palm it off on the Railway do partment, how is it that Mr. Bent is on such excellent terms of amity with the jobber that he can always make sure of his late whenever the Government wants ft ? How came Mr Bunt 11 el) nee Ina 01 luton about the rogue ' And how is it that Mr IVo day, though a liberal and sitting in Opposition li the staunchest supporter that Mr. Bent has 11 the House I I am perfectly well aware it was reported that the present Minister of Railways s made a very violent speech on one occasion at Castlemaine Mr BENT -I never said that, any day Mr Vi OODS I took no notice of it at the time Hon members will recollect that that was a time of great political excitement I heard 01.0 Minister of the Crown called a liar and scoundrel in this House by another hon. member But do hon members wish to perpetuate those matters I think these are matters we would all very gladly forget-(cheers)-and I am very certain that, with the additional experience the Minister of Railways must have obtained by being able to see the whole process for him sell, and to get at every paper in the department, he must, if he ever entertained the opinion that there was anything crooked in connexion with the introduction of the brake, have long before this satisfied himself that he was mistaken One word with reference to Mr Milligan s brake I have explained it before It is said I refused him the same opportunity of testing his brake that I received for myself I den that it is quite true that, at the time Mr Milligan came to propose a trial of his brake, I de dined to see him, simply for the reason that already arrangements were in progress for putting my brake in hand, and I did not want to sit in judgment over another man in the same way I referred him to the officers and engineers of the department, and sent word to him that I should not exactly on their report I had no communication with the officers, and he went straight to them, so far as I know, after his attempt to claim an interview with me Mr ZOX Did I not introduce him to you I I think I did Mr W GOODS -I do not think so The officers of the department reported against it, and subsequent circumstances have proved the officers were quite correct The experiments made with what was called Milli pans brake cost the Government ten times more than the experiments with mine The testing of what was called Milligan s brake, which was never a brake, taking the loss of time of one engine-for an engine was in use altogether three months the use of one of Siemens s electrical machines and of carriages, coat 10 times the money that any experiments of mine over cost. Mr. LAURENS -To the state ' Mr WOODS Yes, of course to the state In applying my brake, I was infinitely more concerned about the mechanical than about the commercial success of it. But I followed in the steps of Mr Higinbotham and Mr Christie, who, a few years before tried a brake, the materials of which were partly made at the Williamstown workshops, and partly at a llhamss coach factory, and Mr W llhaniB, the owner of the factory was the very man who applied the brake It did not answer and was abtndoned.anilmust has cost the department as much as I undertook to provide in the event of mine being a failure to proceed with the article "This law mystery that a Umso with a party loot moral Bcnfio about It would not leave unexplained for a moment longer than Atwood take to institute a 'kid inquiry into It An Assembly which was not utterly indifferent about the good opinion of the community would see at a glance the suspicious circumstances with which the affair is surrounded, and would feel the terrible responsiblity) of losing the public to suffer the cons success of Its neg cut It would argue that Mr Bent had no right to barter away the lives and limbs of his fellow creatures In return for the support of any politician under heaven and if it can be shown that the late accident might have been avoided by the use of the brake on the block System recommended by the Jolimont Committee, It would pronounce him guilty of criminal! negligence, and send him to clear his character before the coroner s jury The only inference I can draw from this is that I am supposed to have bartered my voice and vote to the Minister of Railways or the Government in return for something he has done, or is to do, with what is called my brake I will not stop to contradict so foul a calumny. I trust the House will feel the insult that is offered to independent action and independent thought in this Chamber by an imputation of such a foul character on one of its members (Hear, hear ) I can very easily remind hon members that when any matter of public policy has arisen I have freely criticised the actions of the Government There have been some acts of the Minister of Railways that I have approved of, and have expressed my approval of freely 'The management of the Railway department is far from being what it ought to be, and is not now what it was when I left it, for I left it in excellent working order Since then it has been not only die organisEd but demoralised, but the altera- tion which the present Minister made in the management bad my entire approval, and I believe that the amount of money saved to the country by that change is incalculable. There have, however, been other things done by the Minister of Railways of which I have strongly disapproved. I disap proved of the action taken in sending out of the colony for rolling stock and spoke against it as vehemently as any hon. member I dis- approved of the purchase of Kensington-hill, and although perhaps I have not had an opportunity of saying anything about that matter hitherto, the bon momborknew that I did not believe in it from a railway point of view. I also strongly disapproved of the Minister's alterations at the Spencer Street station, and told him I should oppose any change from the models of the Flinders street station except modifications which were rendered absolutely necessary. Whenever, in fact, there has been an opportunity for Independent thought and action, I have invariably exercised. mandamus right as a member of this House I need not go a further in repelling (that foul calumny, as; that I bartered away ra) vote For win I should like to Know ' And why am this Blundered' For supplying the count with a piece of mechanism which, to s the least, has, as we know, sever Bevi lives and no end of smailes' This fact will prove out of the records of the department and all I have received in return up the present moment or the company, which 1 suppose, lina spent nearly £2 000 in take out patents in different parts of the world has been unmitigated vilification (lies near I have indeed been forced to believe that to invent a labour, life, limb, and tin saving machine in the colony is a crime act Mr BAHR Because you belong to the wrong side of the House. Mr. Vi OODS -No matter which side the House I below Red to the other won object And now I am in this the fortuna position that both the leading journals of the colony harp on the same side of the qua tion, and are both slanderous and libellous But I want to bring the individual write from behind their cellar doors, so that the will not be allowed any longer to see a man in the back, and then run at him i he passes along the street If there is r esprit de corps, no determination on the pH of the House to put down this sort of thin what niUBt it come to 'What has it come I in America' The same causes which he produced a deplorable state of things i America would have the same effect her There is, indeed, something which ought I be dearer and more sacred to a man than whole skin To continue the article, it ROI on to say - " But this is not the only mystery that hangs, iii a cloud, over the reputation of the Assembly Then every member of the House in libeller Vi do not expect that it will take any notice the pal adoxical relatif IIB between Mr Rout and M VtoodB, because its own career has been a moral per day from beginning to end there never were any relations between Bet and Woods that might not have been pal liBhed like an advertisement ine\erypapi in the colony I defy anyone to produce anything to support an inference of the sun drawn in anything that has occurred Burt the hon member for Brighton has been Minister of Railways But we know exactly what the article was written for It is cowardly) attempt to produce an effect and t escape the consequences Again it says - "Why should It trouble its conscience over h sudden change of front to his friends or his foes when it accepted his wholesale bril cr) bill without a single murmur r Is not Mr Francis a highly respectable member of society. of honored To repute, and credited with the principles of his class and with BUllicioi independence of character to carry them out In the face of an tend t vi iii to the contrary) and did III Mr Francis vote for the said bill almost in the san; breath that licdeBeubed it was a bill for purchasing the support of his fellow n em! ora 1 Still later, when the Loan Bill was for the free use, did not this same M F mêle publicly declare that he did not believe in II that the credit if the count-) was luiptrlll J b) It but that nevertheless he would I help to pass It rather than that the seats of the G JV eminent should be cr d urged by his resistance Yv hat I am about to read now 13 the point complain of most especially) " If SO prim and pr else a politician can say and do hope this ps without offence to his co lEclcnce, wh; should rogues Uko Mr "floods entertain quiluiB ' It is quite true that they have put the wore "rogue' in inverted commas to show that it is quoted But it is not a quotation from any thing the Minister of Railways ever laid, and the commas are merely adopted as a plan to sneak out of the consequences of the statement But I will appeal to the common sense of hon. members ' Is it or is it no the same as saying that I am a rogue » That indeed, is the plain English of it, and I cannot be taken as a quotation 0: in any other way I do not know that I need go further in this matter the whole article from one end to the other bristles with libels on this House and if what I have read is not a libel, then of libel cannot be expressed in language I put it then, that it would not be right to allow writing of this character to go unchecked I know that there are others alluded to in the article quite as forcibly), and I dare say a; slanderous), as myself, but what I propose to do is to give the House an opportunity of saying that the article is a libel on myself and itself Mr M'COLL-Include The Argus m JOUI motion Mr V OODS -It certainly is a crew of the same nest, but the only thing the two papers agree on is in bullying me and my brake And what is the meaning of all this It is that my brake, which has been in use now for nearly five years and applied thou Bands of times without a failure is a Victorian production, and must therefore be con sent ed I desire hon members to recollect, too, that I was the first to recognise the necessity for controlling trains by means of a continuous brake power. Ne n after what 'The Argus may say about the brains of the department having been used, of the brake being a plagiarism what I have said was the case Moreover, if the brake is a plagiarism, why does not the owner come forward and claim it' I submitted that brake in 1863 to Mr Higinbotham before the Westinghouse or any other continuous brake was heard about anywhere, and the answer was not that it would not answer, but that it would give the drivers so great a control over their trams that they would get careless As hon. members are aware, a trial between the Westing- house brake and my invention has been arranged for Now just as that trial is about to come off, the ACH, and The Argus, with the utmost possible indecency, day by day, before the trial comes on, are writing down the Victorian machine Now is that, to say the least of it, fair' (Hear, hear) They are prejudging the case in the most indecent manner. The Premier will not think that I am committing a breach of confidence in repeating a remark he made to me once I think it was in the refreshment room, and in connexion with one of the accidents, that be said to me, " Your mistake has been being in Parliament, if you had it been in Parliament you would have got £20,000 voted for your brake long ago ' Mr ZOX -You should have resigned and got the money (Laughter ) Mr Vi OODS -What is going on now is simply an attempt to prejudge the trial Both papers are Stooping to the contemptible meanness of individual slander They cannot touch the brake that is beyond their reach It is a piece of mechanism that cannot be disclosed If it only gets fair play) I do not care what other brake it is tested with and if it is no better than others, all things taken into consideration, I would have nothing more to do with it myself but I am not here to preach about the merits of one brake or another I am complaining now of a libellous slander, a villanous attack which has been made upon me through my brake by both of these papers, for what I say of one paper will almost equally apply to the other 'The Argus, it is true, is not quite so bad as the Asie It quotes, it does not descend to the meanness of pretending to quote when it does not actually quote, and it is fair so far as its quotations go I am glad to hear that the Minister of Railways never used such language as is attributed to him if it was used at all it was at a time when political feeling ran high, and it is not a pleasant or a proper thing, when important Stake trials involving the safety of the lives and limbs of the community, are going on, to import into the debates an element of discord by the quotation of remarks made possibly in the heat of the moment, and very likely regretted afterwards by those who uttered them I am not one to carry on a course of vendetta in that VVBJ, but, nevertheless! I decline to accept any amount of kicking or Begging that the writers either in the age of 'The Argus or any other paper are willing to give me. (Hear, hear) Hon members have a position to maintain before their constituents, and I ask how they can possibly sit comfortably in the House with such an imputation as that conveyed by the Age article hanging over their heads' Not one member of the House but is libelled in that article, and the constituencies are libelled through their representatives, because no constituency ought to tolerate a man against whom such an imputation could be made, There ought to be a power to vote a man out of Parliament at any time if such things as are charged against US in the Age article could be sheeted home to him (Hear, hear ) As that power does not exist, however, hon. members ought to be infinitely more careful of the honour committed to their charge than they would be if there was such a penalty as I have indicated for any breach of it, I will conclude by moving - " That the complaint contained in the ' Age of the 11th December instant is a scandalous libel and a breach of the privileges of this House " The passage referred to in the article were read by the clerk assistant, Mr LONGMORE seconded the motion In doing so be expressed the opinion that the hon. member for Stawell had good reason to complain of the article which appeared in the A as. that paper, for some political purpose, had referred to the Assembly as a degraded House, and one that had no corporate honour, and, finding that the House did not retaliate, had begun to turn against hon members in their private capacity There was a time when such articles would not be tolerated for an hour, and when an hon. member could not be pointedly referred to as a rogue under the cover of inverted commas. If hon. members did not now think anything of their corps tate honour, they ought, at all events, to think a little of the honour of 61 another, Mr. M'COLL. -flour, hear. Mr LONGMORE - When some of a member arrow occupying the lfeaaurybencht were in opposition they Have some colour I smells like the one under consideration, i which old speeches were found out an treated us though they contained gospel at a time when they were not believed. The hon. member for Stawell had only committed a small impropriety in having had brake fitted to a tram at the expense of the Railway department, but after his invention had prove to be of such value without his receiving an consideration for it, that might have been looked over long Btnce Without doubt, : the hon. member had not had a seat Parliament his brake would long since have been applied to all Victorian rolling. stock, and the terrible accidents which had occurred would thereby have been prevented Under the circumstances, an hon, member having been viciously attacked in a leading article in a leading newspaper, he had n hesitation in seconding the motion. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN Mr Speaker -I have not had an opportunity of carefully reading this article I only heard it read by the clerk, and from what I can gather 01 thus hearing it read, I must say that in my; opinion it is a scandalous libel upon the reputation of how members of this House (Cheers ) I regret that a paper which aspire to be a leader of public opinion, and which was such an immense circulation, should have descended to this attack, which I can not help thinking is an attack upon the reputation of this country. It is not only the reputation of an hon, member or the corporate honour of the House, but it is the reputation of this country which must b looked to What can be thought elsewhere of a country where the Legislative Assembly; -the highest body representing the people is written of in terms Bach as I have been read' Mr HALL -It has been done for year past Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN I am not now referring to any attacks upon Ministers of upon the Government Perhaps the observations which have been read to the House have been prompted by blind antagonism to the Government - they may have been prompted by strong party feeling, but I regret that party feeling or political feeling should have led a writer in such a prominent newspaper as this to use language which cannot it any light be justified (Hear, hear) The point which I wish particularly to submit to the house is this-it is not so much an attack on an individual member of the House or upon the House as a body, but it is an attack on the reputation of the people. It is lowering the highest institutions of this land in the eyes of the neighbouring colonies, and of any state where fine paper may circulate (cheers) to say that this Assembly should be treated as a collection of rogues, and to designate one hon. member a rogue In fact, the whole tone of the article is, so far as Una House is concerned, so far beyond any similar article I have read, that I cannot help treating it, and announcing my opinion to the House, as being a scandalous libel. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PEARSON.-The question before the House is being only one of supreme importance If we, as representatives of the country and a" advisers of the Sovereign, are entitled to be protected against false charges as well as against physical violence, it is not less certain that the press, at the counsellor of the people, is entitled also to be protected against those extraordinary privileges of the House which it was found necessary to report to in olden times I belong, as it happens, to Both bodies, so to speak to Parliament and to the press Mr. M'INT.RE- More, the pity. (Cries of "Order') Mr PEARSON -I am interested in supporting the corporate honour of each, and at this moment I feel, and for months past I confess I have felt, more at my ease as a member of what is called the fourth estate than as a member of Parliament. Mr. M'HSl\IiE-Ihrowaway the work and keep the better part. ("Order') Mr. LANGRIDGE Pay no attention to him, he is a bully. Mr. BOWMAN (to Mr. Pearson)-Why don't you leave the House Mr. HOW (to Mr. Bowman) Why don't you leave the House and sell tea outside. (Confusion ) Mr. PEARSON.-I think that the press should not indulge in any charges which it cannot justify or if it should at times make such charges it should retract them at once and frankly, As to this particular article, it is one which I think has been incorrectly named, and to which I would hardly have alluded, but that I thought it was obvious that it was not intended. I think when the writer put the word rogue within quotation marks he unquestionably allude to the anomaly that the present Commissioner of hallways was now on most cordial terms with and supporting a gentleman whom he denounced less than three years ago as a "political rogue." Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN Mr. Bent denies it. Mr PEARSON -We must take the report in the newspaper which has not been contradicted Mr. BENT -It would take a man all his lifetime to contradict misStatements in the papers. Mr PEARSON.-The Commissioner must remember that the speech was reported in The Argus, which was the organ of his party and strongly supported him. I must give that paper this credit, that its reports are singularly accurate, and this report of the Castlemaine meeting strikes me as having been a verbatim report. Even when The Argus con densed a speech although all papers are liable to make mistakes I find as a rule that it does justice, to the speaker. It tries to catch the sense of his remarks and habitually succeeds in doing so. Let us just pass over that one point to which I have alluded, and we come down to the two charges made in the article. The first is incomparably the smaller one-it ia a charge against the hon member for Stawell, or rather against the Commissioner of Railways The second is a charge against the House What is the whole essence of the charge in connexion with the brake ' Let me recall two or three facts about the history of the brake which I think the hon. member for Stawell has forgotten. He made several mistakes in his speech, and some of the inaccuracies have been corrected before He says that he mentioned the brake and explained the plans to the late Mr, Higinbotham in 1863 Well, Mr. Higinbotham wrote a letter positively denying that. Mr W OODS.-I don't care what he wrote. This is rather an important matter. It so happens that in speaking on the subject to the present Chief Secretary I used the same words as I used in speaking to Mr Higinbotham, and he (Mr Grant) said that he remembered seeing the same words used in some state document (" Hear, hear," from Mr. Grant) It is quite possible that Mr. Higinbotham may have forgotten the circumstance. It is not likely that I would. Mr. M'lNTYRE. Where is the document' Mr. PEARSON-Mr Higinbotham positively denied the statement, and in the face of that denial I think it was not fair for the hon. member to repeat the assertion without mentioning that it had been contradicted. Mr W OODS I should have mentioned it if I had thought of it Mr. PEARSON To come to the more important point in connexion with the brake The House has forgotten what has been the head and front of the whole tiling the question of the expense of constructing it, and who should have borne the expense. j Mr. WOODS -Who used it and got the advantage 1 Mr. PEARSON -The hon. member has made exactly the interjection I could have wished The first mention made of the brake by the hon. member was in October, 1876 " Mr w soda offered to fix up 20 trucks with a ron tinuous brake for £100, and believed that ultimately the expense would not exceed £3 a waggon He made the offer solely on public grounds He wanted no benefit for himself in the matter in any shape or form. Mr. WOODS Finish the quotation; no gambling. Mr. PEARSON.-Certainly. [During a pause Mr Pearson sent for a volume of Hansard for 1870, and on its arrival he, Major Smith, and Mr. Woods, amidst considerable laughter, searched it for the quotation ] Mr PEARSON.-nere it is. The conclusion of the quotation 18 And he ded to accept the see of ignorance of the hon member " (Laughter ) That does not add much to it. Mr. WOODS -It shows that it was refused with a sneer. Mr. PEARSON.-The next mention of the brake was in September, 1878, and on that occasion we find the hon. member for Stawell saying " I won't take a corner that would otherwise come to me on account of the shares which I hold in the company As far as I am concerned, the Government are perfectly at liberty to use the brake, to avail theatre of the result of my brain work without pay Ing for it at all Mr MCINTYRE -I think he said further, " until the House voted the money." Mr PEARSON -This is all I found which bears upon the subject. In 1873 who on the Liberal side supported the hon member There was a servant of the State whose bra and labour were paid for by the state have a machine made at the workshops with a slate money. He was going to give the who use of it to UB We had a legal claim to because the employer was entitled to the results of the labour of the men whom I paid Mr WOODS-Boah Mr PI ARSON-It is not boBh It is a law of En (land and it is founded on it Bring me that a man has no right to defraud is employer of the results of his brain an labour It is a pity that the hon member has not studied the law of England on the point Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN A Minister not a workman Mr ZOX He IS exempted from work Mr DUI TY He works hard to get ther (Laughter ) Mr PEARSON was not going to seek I deprive the hon member (Mr Woods) of an grant which might be made to him his invention should be appear to be the best but he did say that that hon member wo the one man who ought not to allow h name to be associated with any claim fe money reward and yet they found him i May 1881 denouncing the idea that anyone should think of using his brake without pa] ing for it as cheating of the worst kind a stealing his brains and so forth They are found the Minister of Railways who was three years ago the strongest adversary of the hot member for Stawell now telling the House that the brake which is now the state a pro perty should be paid for at the rate of £8 00 or £9 000 for the three years during which had been in use when it was stated the £2 000 per annum would be an adequate payment Mr BLNT-You are apologising for slander and slandering yourself The SPEAKER Order order Mr PEARSON -The hon member Mr Bent now said that the brake was ROO one Mr BENT-I always said it was a good one Mr PEARSON - Yes you always said it was a good one except at that Castlemain meeting I will do the hon member the justice of saying that in 1878 when the hon member for Maldon very strongly and von, unjustifiably denounced the brake the hon member for Brighton spoke up for it said I believe that the hon. member do consider it SO but was astonished to find that at the Castlemaine meeting Mr BENT rose to a point of order He understood it to be the rule of the House that when a cor tradiction was given it should be accepted He had contradicted the report now referred to three times already lheSPLVKrR-lhehon members contradiction was uttered from his seat and was only in the nature of an interruption Mr I LARSON understood the hon. member to deny that he had used the words political roguery He did not understand him to deny that he had denounced this particular invention as a i Ingraham upon other people's inventions it became a question between him and The Argus reporter whether the report was or was not of a tissue of fabrics Mons Any one who remembered the report of his speech in The Argus and who believed that he said this or something g like it must be astonished to find the hon member non pasha g on the IB brake throwing it in the way of the Westinghouse brake preventing, the latter from getting a fair trial and saying that if the House would only authorise him he would put it on every engine and every waggon in the colony When they saw such a change in an hon. member a views and actions any man was bound to suppose that there was some singular some peculiar reason for it And when they bear in mind also that the hon member for Stawell who sits on the Opposition side of the House supported the Ministry to the best of his power Mr MOOD-Is that true' Mr PEAR SON -Yes distinctly true Mr WOODS-It is most distinctly un- true Mr M INTYRE -All great men are Uara so the Bible says Mr PEARSON was showing that there was something very peculiar-very remarkable in the relations of the Minister of Railways w If the hon member for Stawell Mr W OODS What were they Mr DE ARSON - They are those of being a partisan of the Ministry You will have to answer for it to your constituency Mr W OODS -I rise to a point of order The hon member is threatening me I have been threatened by the Age outside the House I will not be threatened by the Age inside the House (Loud laughter ) Mr. PEARSON said be was not threaten- ing The hon member for Stawell had to apologise almost on his knees to his constituency three years ago Mr WOODS That another (Laughter) Mr DUTY Is this a farce or is it a question of privilege? Mr PEARSON did not see why any one paper in particular should now be singled out (Opposition cheers ). He noticed in the Argus of the 10th October an article which referring to the Railway Bill of the Government said - whatever may be the merits or demerits of Mr Bent's railway scheme there can be no doubt that it has exercised a most demoralising effect on both the House and the country Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN rose to a point of order He did not think it was in order for an hon member in speaking of the scandalous libels which had been brought before the House to introduce what might also be scandalous libels from another paper The fact of scandalous libels appear- ing in another journal did justify those to which attention had not been called Mr BERRY trusted that the Premier would not press the point of order which he had raised If the Premier was in earnest he had a splendid opportunity of settling these scandalous libels once and for all He should move as an amendment that The Arjx s be BIBO brought before the House Both the cBe journals would then be summoned before the bar of the House The House might then be unanimous for once-and with out unanimity nothing could be effectually done-in deal rig with the libels and the Premier would show his sense of fair- play and his desire for even handed justice and would succeed in a way in which it would he otherwise impossible to succeed Mr BEN P desired to raise another point of order namely whether on a motion affirming that a certain article was a libel an hon member was allowed to slander and libel the writer The SPEAKER ruled that hon. members shot Id discuss the motion before the chair. Mr. I PARSON asked if he had not a right to read an extract from The Argus if he intended to move that the publisher should be called to the bar of the House The SPEAKER Undoubtedly Mr GILL. S inquired what was the point of order as it had not been heard in the portion of the House in which he eat The SPEAKER. That was because hon members in that portion of the House must have been indulging in conversation (Laughter ) Mr GILLIES-AB a member of the House I am entitled to ask the Speaker the question what was the point of order' The SPEAKER -The question is whether an hon. member is in order in reading an extract from the Argus while discussing this motion I have ruled that he is Mr GILLIES -Surely the hon member is justified in endeavouring to quote some previous CARO of the kind The SPEAKER -I quite agree with the hon. member I have allowed the hon member (Mr Pearson) to proceed Sot eral OPPOSITION MEMBERS Bring The Argus to the bar of the House. Mr. LONGMORE -And get the name of the writer (Laughter ) Mr BARR-And bring the Telegraph too Mr PEARSON was proceeding to read from The Arg ; when Mr A T CLARK rose to a point of order It had been often raised that hon. members were not in order in reading passages from newspaperS The SPEAKER said the hon member was in error Major SMITH Why, what are news papers for but to be read ? (Laughter ) Mr PEARSON - The Argus, in referring to the Railway Bill says There has never been any pretence that It em- bodies a national policy In preparing it no consideration whatever was given to broad public In forests. The ruling idea appears to have been to (Her each constituency a bolt and by keeping a settlement In sUspense through the entire season to maintain a widely spread interest in the fortunes of the M nistry If that was the plan of campaign It must be confessed that it has been most successor The Government has secured its own safety at the cost of degrading the Institutions of the country Members have been and are compte only paralysed by the co rupture g influence of the general but con ditional bribe that has been offered TI oy dare not do anything or suggest anything that would have the effect of jeopardising the Ministerial railway measure Are not these words more strongly condemns tory of the members of the Government and the House than anything in the article which is now brought before us, and I ask why the leader of the House does not deal with them after he has shown himself so ready to support the proposal of the hon. member for Stawell Since that article in The Argus there has been another There was one on the 6th of December, in which were these words The railways of the world have efficient continuous brakes upon them Why has not one been adopted here? Wh>, because one member of Parliament has a brake of his own, and other members have held shares in the enterprise 1 ' This is much stronger than anything in the Age article. The Age has not hinted at any thing of this sort, and these attacks of The Argus have been continuous Mr. MIRAMS,-Like the brakes, ( Laughter ) Mr. PEARSON.-On the 7th mat, The Argus had a leader, in which it Bald "In the absence of a satisfactory explanation of his conduct, we are driven to the conclusion that, in this instance, common report speaks truly In fact, the Commissioner of Railways stands condemned out of his oyy a month While leading the Assembly to suppose that he is thoroughly impartial and ready to grocery brake sUbmitted to his notice a fair trial, he backs on secretly doing all in his power to force Mr. Woods's patent on the department ' That is much stronger, personally and politically than anything that is said in the article now under notice, and which has been so much denounced. In fact, that article has not half stated the facts as conceived by the conservative agenda of the Ministry. The next day to that on which the article appeared from which I have quoted, The Argus, returning to the charge in a different way, made another accusation. It said " The inquiry by which the country requires is not, we may remark a political inquiry What is the use of Mr Berry, Mr Richardson, and Major Smith hearing evidence Vi of know their verdict beforehand " In other words, three leading members of the House, one of them very markedly so, are not fit to sit as judges in a matter where the corporate honour of the House especially demands that all men shall act impartially. I will not worry the House with further quotations of the same character, though I could multiply them by the hundred. After all, what J he Argus says and what the Age says, what the new papers generally are saying, is being said all over the country If you stop the newspapers from Buying these things you won t stop the people from speaking (Hear, hear ) W wherever men are congregating the same things are being said, and you cannot fight against public opinion The feeling in the country is not a disbelief in representative institutions, it is not a belief that Parliament does not contain a great many men of the highest honour , but what the country does believe in that for more than a year a policy has been pursued which can only be characterised and has been characterised in this House as one of bribery and corruption -and characterised on the floor of this House BE such almost without a word of dissent, a policy under which the constituencies individually have been bribed, and their influence brought to bear on members , a policy under which the House has been broken up into different sections one in cided against the other (hear, hear), a policy that has set aside belief in great principles and belief in party honour 'the old lines have been discarded and instead of the highest motives prevailing you have a Government actuated by the single motive of forming a new coalition , youngest whole session lasted over one bill, and that bill one which 13 denounced on every side of the House as a bill which was intended to corrupt, and has corrupted numbers You get this absolute paral) BIB of legislation, culminating in this most tremendouaadmmiBtrativo dunster, and men trembling for their lives Does the House suppose that it can put that feeling down by calling offending editors to the bar and im priBoiiu g them, it may be, for a couple of weeks ' It is not the press who have anything to fear, but the men who have brought Parliament into this condition, who have at this moment to dread the verdict of the country (Cheers ) Mr. FISHER asked if this was the apologist of the Aye The hon. gentleman had no doubt read the Apology of Socrates (Laughter ) He wondered what he would think of the apology that was now offered for the villainous libel in the Age of the previous day It made one's blood run hot (loud laughter) when one reflected that the very men who were slandering hon members in a paper with which they were connected were men who came and sat along with them, and then went into nooks and corners of the House to invite- their libellous articled (Cheers and laughter.) Mr LONG MOKE For money (Renewed laughter ) Mr. FISHER -Yes for money. (Great laughter ) They did it for love as well as for money The Palmist said he would desire that his enemy should write a book There was no chance of getting at the books of the hon. members alluded to. Their books contained no names, but did they think that they were hiding themselves ' (Cheers and cries of No. no ) Did they think that they were not known' The writers of the scandalous paragraph which appeared regularly in the Age and the Luidti, did they think that hon. members in the House did not know them ' (Cheers and laughter.) Mr, M'KEAN -We have our eye upon them, (Loud laughter ) Mr. FISHER -I have had my eye upon them (loud laughter) for some time, and if my eye could have scorched them it would (Continued laughter ). He could understand why the hon. member was not very comfortable in the House (A laugh ) Mr. WOODS He is a freetrader among protectionists Mr. FISHER When he looked upon hon. members whom he was deliberately slander- ing did he expect to feel comfortable in the House? Mr. M'COLL rose to order, and asked whether it was competent for one hon. member to charge another hon member with deliberately slandering non members, Mr KERFERD Hear, hear. Mandurang divided against itself. (A laugh ) The SPEAKER Does. any hon. member desire to speak to this point of order. (A laugh ) If no one does, I have to say that it is not in order for one hon gentleman to say that a particular hon member ia deliberate slandering other hon members, Mr FISHER (who was greeted with cries of " Withdraw" from Major SMITH and other hon member) asked what there was to with draw. The pleasure and comfort of being identified with the fourth estate (Renewed cries of " Withdraw ' ) What had to be withdrawn, he wanted to know. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN I think if the hon and learned member understands that the Speaker has ruled against the words he will withdraw them. The SPEAKER-I understood that the hon and learned member for Mandurang charged the hon. member for Castlemaine with deliberately Blundering other hon members Mr. FISHER.-I did not mention him by name. Major SMITH protested against the hon, and learned member being allowed to continue unless be withdrew the words (Laughter.) Mr. FISHER My observations were addressed not to one but to a number of hon. gentlemen, (2 Oh, oh," and further cries of "Withdraw'') Mr. BERRY.-The hon and learned member was addressing himself pointedly to the member for Castlemaine, when he charged him with deliberately slandering other members of the House. He was looking straight at the hon. member when he made the charge. Mr. KERFERD.-He had got his eye upon him. (Laughter ) Mr. BERRY.-Yea. If the hon. member did not mean to refer personally to the member for Castlemaine, he ought to say so, and withdraw the remark. Mr. BOWMAN said he had been intently watching the hon and learned member whom he Bat near (Mr. Fisher), and from what he observed he did not think he was referring pointedly to the member for Castlemaine. An HON. MEMBER! Let him say so himself. The SPEAKER -I am afraid the House is wandering from the question, which is whether this article is a breach of the privileges of the House. I hope hon, members will confine themselves to that, (Hear, hear,) These personalities should be avoided, Mr. PATTERSON.-Let the hon. member withdraw the remarks, Mr FISHER had not many remarks to make. (Cries of "Withdraw,") He had not mentioned any hon. member, An hon member had apologised for the Age, Withdraw The SPEAKER Some hon. members are under the impression that the hon member charged the hon. member for Castlemaine with being libellous. Mr. FISHER. of the hon. member for Castlemaine will say he did not write the article-, (Cries of "Shame," and con- was on.) The SPEAKER.-The hon. member has now put it in such a light that he cannot pea , sibly be misunderstood, and he is clearly out of order. Mr. FISHER would, in obedience to the ruling, withdraw everything and use the hypothetical style of the Age. It seemed to 1 some hon, members to be a special pleasure 1 to belong in a certain way to the fourth estate Not only could one then pitch into his political opponents but he had the additional and perhaps more agreeable pleasure of being able to undermine the position of the very members with whom he might be acting in concert by seizing any peg upon which a slander could be hung (Cheers ) S ich members also enjoyed another pleasure There was one weekly and there was one daily paper which always described the speeches of certain hon members as logical eloquent and forcible (Cheers and li.ghter ) But in the evening of the day upon which a glowing criticism of that sort might appear the same speech might be described as illogical twaddle and one criticism was quite as fair as the other the members of this mutual admiration party wrote various paragraphs about each other in the organ of the Liberal party and that organ was to rouse the country to the delinquencies of some hon. members and to a due appreciation of others Mr R CLARK -You are talking twaddle Mr HSnLH would not deserve to be a member of the house if he were not man enough to express reprobation of what appeared in yesterday a Aye the intimida- tion sought to be exercised in that article passed description Sir BRYAN O LOGHLEN-Hear hear Mr IISHLR-It threatened hon members as to what the constituencies would do at the instigation of the Age Did the constituents know who wrote these paragraphs and articles? Some did and certain persons would be very much surprised how little the thunders of some papers were regarded in some quarters in the Liberal party to are nee great dissatisfaction with the part that particular paper had played towards the party and leaders of the party (61 acre ) the way in which the Age had traduced leaders and members of the party had sunk deep into the heart of the country and there were places in the country where agents would not receive the Age into their faces to sell M h) ' Because their confidence in the paper was gone and no wonder He had been traduced in the most wretched way in the paper and had complained and got an apology but in a fortnight afterwards the same things were repeated Was this because some hon. members were in the way of others' Every hon. member had a perfect right to express his opinions independently and to attack hon members because they did so was base at d dishonourable How anyone could make an a) ology for such an article as this he could not conceive borne persons might conclude that the hon member who apologised was the committee of the offer ce the slander in the article could not be duly extenuated What was the meaning of the slander on the high!) 1 honoured member for Warrnambool' What was the meaning of the union atta k on the 1 on member for Warrnambool The slander was made in his case because the 1 on gentleman in his career had seen fit to adopt a certain course no (Mr 1 Fisher) had never seen anything written about that hon. gentleman that was worse than appeared in the previous day's Age Mr MLMO - It is not worth speaking about Mr FISHER - True it was not worth so many words As for himself (Mr 1 isher) he did not care for what was written in any paper for he strove to follow a straight free at d independent course He explained his views to his constituents and he had advocated them consistently in the House (Mr M COLL - On land so long as he did that he would preserve his own self respect So far then as he was concerned it mattered not what appeared in the Age or Lea lei edited and paragraph as they were b) cor tam hon members Mr DOW said he had to complain n of hon. members advertising, unfairly only one department of the Age newspaper and that they never advertised its agricultural branch W h) didn t they give the agricultural depart- ment of the Leader a Show (Laughter ] He had however to say that it was very fond of this important Assembly to do so much advertising for the Age gratis He could also assure hon members that neither TI e Arg is nor Agc cared very much for what that House Bald He) pursued a straightforward course advocating what they considered it was right to do for the benefit of the country and from his own experience in the country he could state that these great leaders of public opinion were invariably more correct in anal) sing the Public feeling than a moribund I Parliament which was approaching its natural decease A three years Parliament was not towards the end of its career so much in accord with the tone of the country as it was when first elected He was what they called a radical and believed in an annual Parliaments He held that the House should have been dissolved 18 months ago and if that had been done there would have been no necessity for the writing of the article corni named of nor would hon members have been seen rising up like the old lady in b) di e) Smith s writings to try to mop back the Atlantic Let hon. members do their duty and then they would not care what a newspaper said or be always ondea veering, to drag members of the press into their discussions It had been said that the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr Pearson) had apologised for the Age but there was no justification for that assertion The hon. member had merely made some remarks in and over to the motion No apology was needed for the important papers which represented the feeling of the country Again an interjection had been made which unfairly branded the hon member for Castlemaine as the writer of the article and the remark was then made that the hon. member should asamomberof the press leave the House Were then men to leave the House because they were lawyers tea brokers or pressmen' What twaddle this was If an hon member who happened to be a pressman wrote an article about the House or one of its members was it his fault or the fault of his paper' It was the fault of neither but of the hon member who offended He (Mr Dow) had no sympathy with the personal reflections on his friend the hon member for Stawell but he had the utmost pleasure in supporting the first part of the article for that portion had his most hearty sympathy and the country believed in it. The cancerous growth of corruption which has made the present Parliament stink in the nostrils of all honest and respectable people was the sentiment of the people outside that House ( Oh and cries of Withdraw ) Sir BRYAN O LOGHLf N -I put it to the hon member that he should not father the libel on this House Mr DOW But I do Sir By RYAN 0 LOGHI LN -In doing so he utters a libel on himself Mr DOW- 'idea I do Sir BR\ VN CLOGHEEN Then unless the hon member withdraws his words I will move- (Interruption and cries of Order ) IhefePI BAKER The Premier is quite in order in moving that the hon. member for Kara Kara is guilty of a scandalous breach of the privileges of the House and there is no other remedy that I know of the member might be committed to the end tody of the sergeant-at-arms or expelled (Cheers ) The hon. member has said that article is no libel because it is true If the House agrees with him it will be quite right in supporting the newspaper if not he is certainly out of order and ought to be punished fair BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -The hon. member will now see the necessity of withdrawing his language or of taking some other course of putting himself right with the House I certainly will support the ruling of the Speaker (Cheers she SPEAKER gave no ruling what ever It is simply a matter of conscientious conviction Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN I shall certainly move a motion but I do not wish to take the hon. member by surprise or at a disadvantage Mr DOW -I am in the hands of the Speaker I had no desire to say anything unparliamentary The SPEAKER Surely it is unparliamentary to say that this House is corrupt (Cheers) Mr DOW said he withdrew the words and wished to say that the sentiment of the country was that it would be a good deal better if the House was dissolved and better still had it been dissolved a year ago The beginning of the evil occurred when the ill assorted combination took place which put the present Government into office With regard to the article in the Age he would again say that whilst he did not sympathise with the language used towards the hon member for Stawell be thoroughly coincided with the sentiment of the article Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -I see again to order in saying that he coincides with the sentiment of the article the hon member again transgresses He repeats an offence which he perhaps committed unwittingly in the first instance I ask him to withdraw the expression Mr PEARSON - Surely the hon. member has a perfect right to express a sentiment The SPEAKER There is no point of order Mr DOW -Those hon. members who cast reflections on the representatives of the press did not devote their whole time to the east ness of the country, they were connected with some profession or business outside Parliament It was no more disgrace to be a member of the press than to be a cast off limb of the law. The press was the most noble profession on the face of the earth (" Ob and laughter) and it had produce! more brilliant lights both in this country and at home than any other Some hon. members might be tea merchants, or they might scour the lockups at night to get business for next day, or they might eke out a precarious existence by picking up little jobs in the departments for which they were paid fees, notwithstanding their being members of the Legislature, and it was a waste of time for them to whimper over some article which appeared in the papers and make an deavour to fix upon the writer of in the article under consideration stated that the present Parliament ' stink in the nest of the country but in his mind there was a difference between the meaning of the word as applied to bribery and corruption and that which was found in the dictionary The House "stink in the sense of being deceased, corrupt and putrefied, and giving off a flavour not agreeable to the olfactory organs of the community It ought there fore to dissolve and go to the free atmosphere of the country, where it would be purified of its virulent character One hon member whom he, like the Ancient Mariner could fix with his glittering cje-(laughter)-bad tried in a feeble way to cast the imputation of stabbing people in the back upon the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr Pearson) but he (Mr Dow) would remind him that to be a hewer of wood and drawer of water in the Press would be more noble than to bacon nected with profession which need not be named hon. members might profitably UEO their breath in some other way than in whimpering about newspapers bars of Houses, and libel actions A newspaper was a true thermometer or indicator of public opinion, and was better acquainted with public opinion than hon members could be The present Parliament was moribund, as it meet so after sitting for nearly three years and did not represent the real feeling of the country. It was useless for the Premier to talk about the time wasted by an unscrupulous Opposition, and to say that this was the reason why no business was done The people read the newspapers and knowing the facts, could not be hoodwinked in this way Members who sat behind" the Government and newspapers who gave them a Yuan support, felt themselves to be in a false position Woods brake was, of course the question under discussion, and that had convinced him that the worst thing the country could have was a political head of the railways who thought he knew a little about engineering He deplored that he was connected with a political system of administering a department and he was sure every other hon. member also deplored that fact He would like to see a motion earned which would divorce the House from that connexion altoBethor (Hear hear ) Mr KLK1 LUD -sow come back to the question You have gone a long, way off (Laughter ) Mr. DOW would return to the question in deference to the W leg of the hon. member It was said that the Ag' was the only train greater, if there was any transgression in the matter The hon member for Castlemaine had pointed out that The Argus had written just as vehemently on the same subject But there was a third paper-the Daily Telegraph in which would be found opinions similar to those be used in the earlier part of his speech and for which he was nearly sent on to the roof (Laughter) That paper said " It is none the less true that public life in this colony iBEatLrated with venality), using, that term li the BeiiBo of all those dishonest and crooked tells of cea 1) which India duals and localities benefit and the State suffers That man would be obtuse and ungracious who would deny that there is a steady declension in most of those matters which concern I am The life The personnel of our Assembles and our Ministries is greatly inferior to what it was only a decade ago, and BO, too are the principles which are operative and the quantity and quality of the work performed We are dropping down, not tra dual") but very fast In the days any man Issued enough for a member of Parliament or Minister of the Crown that was the Age article out and out. In fact, there was a peculiar unity among the papers in Melbourne and the country But the Government did not care so longest bey rocketed their full screw At the latter on the grave charge brought against him was that he was a Berryite, but now Berry lam was becoming a little more respectable He did not know the reason unless it was that the country was beginning to find that it was possible to find a lower depth than Berri ism, even in its worst form Although he was a Lerrjite he declared himself to be in favour of retrenchment, and although his conservative opponents did not agree with his political views they said that he was right in advocating retrenchment Instead of retrenching the present Government was doing the very reverse and taking advantage of a wave of prosperity which was flowing over the country if the Berry Government had been in power there would have been even better times than were now being experienced Minisfra had been pitchforked into their places by an evil unholy intrigue 'The straight out conservatives of the colony he could respect because they suspected him, but there were men in this Chamber who, on the strength of a previous support of a certain part) had undergone the crucial examination of the hustings, and having got into the House were manoeuvring and intriguing under what he might term-in the broader sense of the term-the corrupting influence of their three years tenure of the seats It would have been better if the House had got rid of what this paper properly called its putrefaction, by going to the country eighteen months ago If Mr Murray Smith had formed a Government be would have respected it but he had only contempt for the present Ministry, which was living on the disunion of Parliament, and which had no supporters except the hon members who divided the whipship He thought that the hon. member who broughton fins motion was injudicious as Ina action could only provoke retaliation and that was to be regretted But to return to the Telegraph (Laughter ) It said - 1 The public are, under the present system the victim s of a fraud, which operates in various ways TI e public appointments which should be is life are granted to influence Members of Parliament who could not stand on their merits or have sold their constituents pull through by the judicious application of patronage to their most hill Central flJl partera Mil letrieB Purchase sup port and retain office when i t c) Bl only be ci) elled fr in It by flurry dirt! in the put the service and the public purse to be one could support them. The to li t, IS rotten from end to end a he thing that was rotten from end to end was the institution of which they were members What he should like to know was there stronger than that in the article impugned Mr 11SHL1 -Do you adopt the sentiments Mr DOW-I like to speak out plainly but without descending to any vulgarity - I" Oh, oh, and laughter For abuse Mr ridDLE - Will you answer a straight question Mr DOW said he did not believe that the hon. member could ask a straight question He (Mr Dow) had been found fault with for mail mg the remarks he had about the Linda but the hon and learned member was always bringing his briefs before the House in season and out of season (A laugh ) There were men who went through the lock up at night for the purpose of eking out an income over and above that which they received from Parliament ( Oh, oh andlauRtt ter ) An hon member who was a representative of the people ought not to desirous that position by working in the Land office for fees (A laugh ) Mr ¿0\ Are you surprised at the papers writing as they do when you make such in Binations BE that Mr DOW -The papers wrote what was true They were the exponents of public opinion ( " No, no Vi bat the newspapers wereBayingthepeoplewereBoying MoT It was alleged that there were in the Rous members who notwithstanding that they y« £300 a year for their work accepted fees for going up to the Lands office to do work which was expected of them from their constituents as a matter of duty. What he would say, in conclusion, was that it was high time boa members went to the country because they could do no more good as they were A DISTINGUISHED VISITOR Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN moved that the Hon A. Catt, the South Australian Minister of Lands, who was vis to the House, should be accommodated with a sew on the floor, " It The motion was agreed to, and Mr uw provided with a Beat accordingly THE BREACH OF PRIVILEGE DEBATE Mr. M'INTYRE expressed his regret MM the House was not Proceeding to business The tenor of the debate seemed to be at certain other newspaper were as bad as a particular journal complained of mm motion, and he thought WHIPS of certain hon. members who had defends that journal was moat.nnaeemly six members connected with the PRIME now leave it to others to defend the press of last hon member who spoke the mob tried to convey the idea that was a staunch a Berryite BE ever. But the no member was a Door to Mr DOW-What is the secretary of the Education Commission ? Mr McINTYRE-The "WjMJu°Ufc Education Commission could do in word and that was more than the ho" neB could do He (Mr. M.In««) w£ ugM going to support the motion, as he trout. iT ûi a mistake. Some hon. mern l had not been comfortable when the KI and learned member for Mandurang ".Ï'BDPIÏIDB the last opened his 15-16 T.T cream of the Liberal party had been -MhinEits dirty linen in public, The hon, James member for Mandurang had been ff? K A to estate of the Liberal party when the Constitutional party saw these hon members abusing one another, it might ï?"'S say that it had had its revenge The House ought not to concern itself ish squabbles between members and Se near. The "ticks complained of "ht never to have been written, "f might have been allowed to pass And comment. It would be very undo also to revive the old farce of bringing Sen before the House. Would the pub Cr be the man that the House would like Kal' ><>. U 'boy could get at the rear KiTnanent and treat him to brown bread and Is it would be all right. But there were certain members of the press who would be willing to father the article if they would get comfortable quarters on the eyes, and their friends to pay for KAY The Agc alluded to the hon. member or Shawe", and used the word " rogue." But seeing that word, the journal had been very kind to the hon member. In the most recent dictionary the word " rogue" was alleged to "be "proud, haughty, supercilious, brave, a Sous, haughty man ' (Laughter ) It a so be said to mean a sturdy beggar. (Renewed laughter ) That was a most proper IMBI to apply to the hon. member. He would say nothing about the hon. member a invention. "Let that Herr stick to the war as Bailie Nicol Jarvie said. The hon member had tried to show that there was not whether brake like his in the world, and, in connection with it, he was, when Minister of Railways, assisted by the department. Had not the hon member, time after time, tried to show that the country owed him the 000 fo L invention The net definition of the word ? made was "one who is mischievous and frolicsome Well, the hon, member was both Another definition was "one who plays knavish tricks, and certainly the hon. mem-. bit for Stawell knew how to play such tricks, for he had euchred him (Mr M'Intyre) on several occasions But what he (Mr. M Irvine desired to urge was that the House booM now proceed to business at once. He regretted the position the Premier had taken in and thought it would be better to let the article in the A /e pass. There were too many discussions in the House on newspaper articles. If hon. members felt aggrieved at comments made on them in Ike presS they could have their proper remedy in the course of law. Then if the House desired to place the press on a better footing, let them pass a law requiring owners to put their names to their articles. If that were done they would occasionally find the pro- fessor a name at the foot of a leader on Bay the vigorous and emphatic speech made by the hon member for Kara Kara," but fewer ice non technics is sold at . w«. v ... libellous articles would be published He himself however, believed in the anony- mity of the press, and desired to see it con- tended so long as it was kept within fair stands He also thought that for months past this Chamber had deserved the criticisms to which it had been subjected This evening, for instance, they were wasting time which should be occupied by the discussion of an important motion He trusted that the government would not press the matter any further If they placed one newspaper proprietor in custody, they would have to lock all of them up, and this would not be tolerated as the public believed in the criticism of public men Mr MACGREGOR, who rose amid cries of 1 Question said he had, in justice to him Eel! to make a few remarks, and to show that the Age had in the article under notice made a great mistake for 25 years he had read and supported the Au?, and when he first stood for a seat in Parliament it was on the Liberal side He was originally returned by Fitzroy as an opponent of Sir James M Cul 1 cha gooding system, and he sat behind the hon. member for Geelong, voting steadily for bread his party Indeed, as a parts man be gale on several occasions votes which, if he had the chance, he did not know that he would now repeat And yet the Age, in the article under discussion, said - Such Is the contagious effect of the general apathy and indifference to appearances that even ostensible is miss Uko Mr A I Clark, Mr Fisher, and Mr Vugrejer put their reputation in pledLO and openly side against their principles and their party day after day without the ghost of an excuse that the public as during except it be that Mr Bent's secret In asides Fay e been at work, and has proved too much I r them Whilst he sat on the other side he never To ed against him party, but since he had ten on the Opposition benches, and had usa that his party had now no leader, ho he acted as an independent Corner member lit the only basis for the charge made against him in the Age was the vote be gave to the Government against the hon. mem- t r for Belfast a motion in connexion T h the Loan Bill, and the reason why be voted against the hon member In Geelong (Mr Berry) on that occasion was to prevent the hon. member for Belfast becoming Chief Secretary, and the hon member for Geelong (Mr Berry) having to play second fiddle to him Why then was he at talked for this straightforward vote' Sr JOHN O SHAN ASSY- What is the test j out raving about that to night' Mr MACGREGOR Bird that his vote was given for the present Government on the occasion he had referred to be true To preferred O'Loghlen to O Shanassy He defied the A is to point out a single in- stance in the whole of his political career in truth he had voted against his principles that paper, hon ever, made the assertion that he and others had done so, ' Without the ghost of an excuse that the public can divine excel I is so that Mr Bent's secret In Humors have been at work, and have proved too much for us cm He denied that he had been subjected to any secret influences He had always acted in accordance with his convictions ( Quee son ) Mr. V, GOODS -After the almost unanimous expressions from all sides of the House re- probate the style of criticism that has been adopted in both papers, I think my object has been achieved (Hear, hear ) Therefore with the consent of the seconder ind of the House, I beg to withdraw my motion (Hear, hear ) Mr. K CLARK It all ends in smoke Mr GARDINER objected to the with senator the motion (Cries of " Oh I dont. ) His object was to call attention to statements made in an English newspaper in reference to himself. 'the Age had vilified The hon. members for Stawell and Brighton, as it had also done something else which he would tell hon. members As advertises MM was sent to the office of that paper by Degaris who were connected with the firm w Heath, Schiess, and Co , whose operatives were on strike The advertisement merely asked the fact that the girls were on strike, soil appealed to other workers not to take their places, yet although payment was rendered for ltB insertion, the people in the -I'fcffcs turned round and said, " We do 1 mob to come into conflict with any MUMctunng firm in the city," and wished to publish the advertisement They 'not hesitate, however, to come into contact with other portions of the community, are died away the character of public men Munbojless paragraphs had been written 'Must be, and he must say that he strongly a lected to representatives of the press, who Mistake members of the House, using their sation to write articles against their fellow Hobart under the guise of friendship They "la emhe, and appear very gentlemanly, AT so forth, but next morning it very often happened that paragraphs directed HMMtnembora of the House appeared, and I. writers of them could easily be traced. «MwriiBM were connected with the lead au i 80f this city. which were circulated televise colony, and there was no means a ODtaimng redress against them unless on were "'ten in the House There was paragraph man English paper concerning inaction and presence in the House Site,)-wb_ch had caused him and his H8. a food deal of merriment. He re near to the press criticisms in the interest! jarring P00?18. many of whom went on to enter public life on account of the PJenceof the press. He agreed with the member for Maldon that a great many Westside the House were as good as those safes were Prevented from entering pub was because of the .landeroua-etatoment sZ "Mining public men, which they cannot stand. The paragraph he referred life's Miss suburbs his already a y oration 'HESS! yiAt ""lost general election much mirth <HiS..nca by the apPearance of a boy as a candid opinion ,?ení*'y honours. He was simply known 'tHM";,r5,lb»Her-[Iond Jauglitorl- wliocarnod feeling of ï0*.bj'r°I'a'ringwatches. [Renewed Slittik. . held frogs to the law in Victoria, after i,"0? the first generation of Australians was MY Ud !s"8htor]-of ago. The boy fell I'd be. sent to BCG time' consequently there ^tiihJi'1c slant In future in Parliamentary kiiath.W11"1'tl° colony- He posed as a real j J is rh!fn"'>|lan, yard Immediately hit the fancy Í settling thrillers cricketers, and youths In the ISLET' "Salnat all expectations, actually winner by * rallies majority, hisopnooont 'Rewi CMBn- tlronloalcocirs] brake S M " I MtoVe presence In the House Is soil. in. other members, and Instead of keep l»Udrflhíi?>MelUd J"»"1*-' start will talk, and feld In T of Al-""' i he iT'er'LTnen followed the beat %»UnS i 29 knew men WQ0 were tossed to:? toT good men, but who never ligol .e'r.m,o«Ea, and never did any 01 me to the public. They were, never interfered with by the press But when men had the courage of their opinions, and were willing to do something in the interests of the country they met with the opposition of the press So long as he was in the House he would do his duty notwithstanding what was said in the press and whenever he saw jobbery or corruption attempted in the House he would be one, to oppose it The paper continued - "He has lately tried to have all reporters expelled from the House as they make nothing but fun of him (Loud laughter ) That was true ' They retaliated and reported his last ' speech vor baths and it is certain that such utter nonsense was never uttered before (Renewed laughter) Suppose it was utter nonsense Did they expect him in the House to reach the altitude of a Pitt at once (Laughter ). He really thought that the people of the colony after he had fought two great battles as held in the interests of the colony expected too much from him and were of course disappointed in their expectations ( No no and cheers ) Was it fair to a young politician who was about toBtartin life He could say more than a good many hon. members could say and that was that he did not seem to get into Parliament. It was the spontaneous will and action of the people that placed him there and until the night before the nomination he had not made up his mind to accede to the wishes of the electors He never thought for one moment that he was designed to be a politician Renew ed ironical cheers ) But fate had decreed otherwise (Prolonged laughter ) Probably with the aid of the papers even in their funny mood he would be able to yet do something in the interests of the country (Renewed laughter ) The motion was withdrawn ALLAN DAY] SCHOOL In reply to Mr Cool ER Mr GRANT said that tenders would be called for without delay for erecting a new state school at Allandale THE GIRL S LAND LAKI S ENTRANCE Mr M KE AN asked the Minister of Public Works when the plans would be ready for the works at the Gipps Land Lakes Entrance Mr YOUNG said that all the necessary information with regard to this work had been supplied by Sir John Coode and that no time would be lost in preparing the plans PAPERS 'The reports of the mining surveyors and registrars for the quarter ending September 30 1882 were laid on the table of the House VACCINATION AT THE MODEL FARM In reply to Mr GARDINER Mr MADDEN said that he would ascertain what could be done to provide better accommodation for the vaccination operations at the Model Farm and whether the hospital building could be used for the purpose of MOTION OF WANT OF CONFIDENCE Mr MUNRO moved That a select committee of sol on members three to form a moment be appointed by ballot to inquire into the management and working of the Rail ay department and specially to report on the whole ctr coastal ces relate g to the recent disastrous on air forces at dawn on Buck committee to 1 a of power to call for i persons papers and records, to sit on days when the House does not meet and to move from place to place in submitting the motion he disclaimed any intention of wasting the time of the House If the Government had treated this motion as they might have done the question might have been disposed of on Thursday night But the Government had taken a different course and a different course to that which had been taken when a very similar motion was brought forward in another place after the Jolimont a cident took place in this case the Government had treated this as a want of confidence motion and sent a Minister to another place to say that no business could be done there while it was pending Mr W OODS - A most unprecedented course Mr MUNRO thought the Government should be anxious to have an inquiry and it occurred to him that this House would not shrink from the responsibility of inquiring into the cause of the demoralisation of the Railway department and the reason why that department which was so expensive was not well managed and why travelling which was once considered safe and pleasant in this colony had come to be regarded with dread He was not blaming the present Minister for the three accidents which had occurred in his term of office if he held the same position with regard to any other body as he occupied in connexion with the railway he would be held responsible If as a ship roaBter he ran three ships ashore in a year or if as a manager of a commercial firm be rendered it insolvent three times in a year he certainly would be held accountable He believed that it was the tendency of the present Minister to do things which he had no right to do instead of confining himself to his duties as political head of the department Now what happened with regard to the select committee of the other House Owing to the delay which took place in its appointment it could not get all the evidence that was desirable indeed those who could have given the best evidence had cleared out of the colony before the inquiry was at an end But imperfect as the report of the committee was if the Minister of Railways had carried it out the recent destruction of life limb and property would not have happened Mr BENT -I carried it out to the letter Mr MUNRO-I hat statement was quite in accord with the statements which the Minister was in the habit of making Mr BENT -He can prove it Mr MUNRO -It was most unfortunate that the hon gentleman should make statements of that sort without considering for a moment the effect of them Now was it really the fact that he had carried out the recommendations of that committee The committee recommended That every passenger tral be ford will fitted Hill a continuous automatic brake and until such bral as are available no paBBC ger train would be allowed to leave any terminal station unless an ord! ary ural of an a attached to the roar carriage Now how had the Minister carried out that resolution Air LONGMOl E What authority did the House give him Mr MUNRO -Another resolution of the committee was that the block system of working railways be at once adopted on all lines where practicable and be rigidly on forced Had that been followed Mr BENT-Yes Mr MUNRO -Why these gentleman told the House last week that there was no block system on the line. He said it was impoa B ble (An HON MEMBER That it was to come a week after ). The statement was quite in keeping with those wonderful stones the hon member was in the habit of telling the HOUSE The hon member for Emerald hill (Mr Macgregor) had testified what a re formation the Minister had effected at Emerald hill station Mr MACE RIGOR - Hear hear Mr MLNKO- Ibatmightbe the case, but he wished the hon gentleman had begun in his own office with these reformations (Cheers ) It was his bounden duty not to look after the sweeping of Emerald-hill station or carry out the regulations as to smoking but to formulate the policy of the department and see that men were in charge who were capable and efficient What did the public meeting held in Melbourne the other day Bay as to that' It recorded its opinion that the management of our railways should be placed in the hands of qualified and efficient men Surely that implied that there was a want of qualified and efficient men in the department Mr ¿0\ The meeting did not blame the Ministry Mr MUNRO-Ho did not say that they did but the meeting declared that efficient men were wanted and Surely it was for the Minister of Railways to see that efficient men were employed He (Mr Munro) took his share also of the responsibility, that rested with the House in the matter and he recommended the House to do their duty by appointing a committee which should go into the whole subject It was said that politicians were not the persons to make the inquiry but that was a most absolute condemnation of the House-it was saying that Seven honest truthful and capable men could not be got from the House His desire was to get seven good men and he did not care from what part of the House they came It was further urged that the motion arose from a desire to get on the Treasury benches but there was no man less anxious on that score than he was His duty as he conceived was to urge an immediate and competent inquiry, and if that were acceded to there would be an end of the matter so far as he was concerned He did not desire to make it a no confidence motion at all ( Hear, hear and cheers ). This was what he urged, and if it was not granted it did not alter the fact that it had been called for A board outside had been spoken of The Minister announced the fact the other evening, but it was since seen that it was a board which was only going into the question of damages Mr BENT -No, no That is not the same board M; MUNRO Did the hon. member mean to say that the House would be satisfied with e undine; of such a board ? He would not More unsuitable men could not have been appointed. They were most intense po ticianB. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN. They a merely appointed as arbitrators. Mr. MUNRO.-Would not any hon. met her, if concerned, sooner go before a jury that before such a board ? Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN. The Buller will have their choice. Mr. MUNRO -If the object was to aid' the sufferers the expense of going to law, better arrangement could have been mad Hon. members complained of what the pre said about the House, but the House, by the own acts, brought it on themselves. The hon. member for Rodney said that circulator letters had been sent to hon, members the Opposition, stating that there we vacancies in the Railway department, at asking them to nominate candidates, TI Minister of Railways having denied the State ment, the Government were asked, on the following night, if they were prepared stake their position on the denial But the Minister of Railways remained silent, and d not declare the statement of the hon memo for Rodney to be untrue It had gone forth the country that the DOUBT had been purchased by the Minister of Railways the hon. members were not independent enough to act on a committee of this sort Mr. WHEELER-The very reason we hon. member should not go on the cor mittee. Mr. MUNRO believed that Seven tim> seven members were prepared to perform its duty honestly , but the conduct of the Government was such that the whole Hou was condemned. What inference was to I drawn from the Minister of Railways Bitter down when a former Speaker made a certain statement That the statement was true' Mr. BOSISTO No hon. member admi be got such a letter. Mr. MUNRO But when such a challenge was issued to the Government, and the Government did not accept it, the charact of the whole House WBB, by implication: damaged. Mr. LEVIEN -The statement was denied Mr. MUNRO But when it came to to test, the Minister of Railways gave r reply. Mr. BENT.-Lot the late Speaker state his seat on the statement. He is no game. Sir CHARLES MACMAHON -I understand my statement made thcothernightthatcertai circulars or letters were written to member of the Opposition, asking them to nominal individuals for office, is challenged. Mr BENT.- That was not the statesmen ("Oh') Sir CHARLES MACMAHON -Is a further falsehood to be added ' That was my state ment, and I further stated, when called o by Ministers to prove my words, that would prove them on one condition only and I am prepared to stake my seat, and an little reputation I may have on the result an inquiry Mr. MUNRO hoped the Minister of Rail ways was satisfied. He would insist on division upon his motion, and the country would see who refused an immediate inquiry It was of the utmost importance that the ii quiry should be immediate, and by the House, because the public life and property and the reputation of the House, were c stake He wanted such an inquiry morely, ne a want of confidence motion We were in about to borrow an enormous sum for the purpose of developing our railway system: and if for no other reason, the House was bound in honour to the leaders to see the the property created by the expenditure was properly administered It was said that the inquiry should be held by a non politics board. Could there be a greater condemnation of the House ' In conclusion, he had t Boy that he had done his duty honestly and fearlessly. Was the house afraid to have the all parts of the department opened up, les the country should discover that for want of business capacity it was unable to man one of the most useful and productive departments of the state Mr DEAKIN seconded the motion. Messrs. PATTERSON and £6- also rose to second the resolution. Mr. ZOX subsequently explained that he had only desired to second the proposal for an inquiry, and did not approve of a select committee being appointed. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN Mr Speaker One matter was referred to by the hon member for North Melbourne which I may a well dispose of at once. The hon, member appealed to the remarks of the hon member for West Melbourne (Sir Charles MacMahon about the circular alleged to have been seen by the Minister of Railways to the Opposition I have now got Hansard, and what over the hon. member intended to say, this is what he did say " That abuse, I believe, has taken place almost daily I have heard of the Minister of Railways Issuing circular to the Opposition saying that there was certain vacancies amongst the employee or to the way department, and asking them to nominate Bom. persons to fill the vacancies "Mr Bent That is not true " There, then, is what the hon. member said and the denial of the Minister of Railways which the hon. member is bound to accept, Mr. DEAKIN.-What is the difference ? Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -I have quoted the statement made and the denial. When stated what occurred before, another hon member interjected, "Another falsehood' What does that hon. member now think of his interjection? Mr. MUNRO What is the difference between the two' Sir BRYAN O LOGHLEN-Every difference. There is the difference between circular and a letter The assertion was that a circular was sent to the Opposition. Mr. MUNRO To members of the Opposition, Sir BRYAN O LOGHLEN-To the Opposition. 'The hon, member cannot get out of the accusation. Mr. MUNRO- No circular was sent to me Sir BRYAN O LOGnLEN.-The Minister of Railways may have directed a letter to be sent to any hon member who had applied for a vacancy intimating that one had occurred, and asking him to nominate the man on whose behalf he had applied, but the charge is that he sent a circular to the Opposition The two things are absolutely district as night from day Mr DEAKIN -A distinction without D difference Sir BRYAN O LOGHLEN-The hon. member for West Melbourne pointed his accusation at the time by referring to the Minister of Railway a moving about amongst the Opposition It was not a charge of appointing any man at the request of an hon member That occurs, as every hon, member knows, from day to day when vacancies occur which have been applied for, but this is not the question or charge, which was, as I have already stated, that the Minister sent a circular to the Opposition! asking members to nominate their friends for vacancies. And now I come to another question The hon. member for North Melbourne has stated that the Government forced him into his present position-a statement which has been re-echoed throughout the country. The Government has done no such thing, it is the hon. member and those who are acting with him who have forced on this want of confidence motion. (Hear, hear.) The hon member tabled the notice of motion without giving any warning, and asked me if it would have precedence. When I pointed out various good and weighty reasons why it should not have precedence, the hon. member was then backed up by the leader of the Opposition, who suggested that he had a way of forcing the Government to give it precedence, and then the hon. member took up his position, saying that he would have precedence for the motion, and that it would take the form of a vote of want of confidence. (Hear, hear ) Am I then to be told after that that it has been forced on by the Government? Mr. MUNRO -Yes Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN Then all I can say is that the hon. member is most obtuse. Moreover, the wording of the motion is almost tantamount to one of want of confidence. Mr. MUNRO.-It is a copy of the Council's motion, Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN. Now that the hon member had gone to another place for a precedent let him be bound by it. The motion in that Chamber was tabled after an inquiry had been held by the coroner, and it was a further inquiry that was requested, Mr. MUNRO.-And it was too late, Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN Further the first portion of the present motion is that an inquiry be held into the existing; management of the railways, and therein it differs from the Council's motion, which was merely for an inquiry into the causes of the Jolimont accident. Mr MUNRO.-And the manner in which the traffic on that line was conducted. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN But this one is apparently for an inquiry into the Ministerial management of the Railway department, and it is therefore quite a different motion. If the hon. member for North Melbourne desires to follow the example of this Council, he will adopt the course I have pointed out which to allow the coroner's inquest to be held the first place Mr MUNRO And then allow the wil ncEBca to leave the colony as they did in the Jolimont case Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN That inquiry did not take place until months afterwards The Government propose if the whole of the causes of the Hawthorn accident do no transpire at the inquest to have a further inquiry by men independent of politics in order that every matter connected' with the collision may be ascertained The coroner a inquiry will be on oath am that before the independent board must also be on oath At the former the Government will be represented by counsel including on the ablest men in Victoria and I have in structed the Crown solicitor to leave no stone unturned in his endeavours to obtain evidence on every possible branch of the question so as to sheet the blame home to the responsible parties (Hear hear) I expect the coroners inquiry to be concluded and full particulars to be given to the public before the end of the week Apart from these twin times however the Government proposal on a future occasion to ask the House to appoint a select committee for the purpose of inquiring into and ascertaining what may be the best mode of railway management (Hear hear ) The present is not however an opportune moment for doing this and the resolution before the House is tantamount to a motion of want of confidence in the present administration of the department. Mr MUNRO Your own bill is just the same Sir BRYAN CLOGHEr IIt is not When a previous Government brought in a bill for the better management of the railways they could not be said to be expressing want of confidence in the then Minister (Mr MUMU- Certainly ) The Government look at the matter in a commonsense pom of view and with the object of obtaining I better system of railway management that that which has hitherto prevailed propose that some of the most experienced statesmen in the colony shall inquire into and report upon the matter Mr MUNRO That 8 all I want Sir BRYAN O LOGnLEV -Well I stated the other evening that the Government were prepared to do that almost at once murder to ascertain which would be the best system of management (Hear hear ) It is a delicate question one which cannot be settled off hand one of great importance and one on which great political leases are at stake It must be approached calmly and when the public mind in not disturbed as it is at present by the late unfortunate collision I have already pointed out that there will be a recess at Christmas extendingpoaaiblyoveramonth and that if the committee were appointed now they could not work during that period We want a full inquiry and a report upon which the House will feel warranted in acting. The hon member for North Melbourne has indulged in a general attack upon the present management of the railways He asserted that the public are frightened to travel on the lines and in that I believe be the exaggerating the present state of public opinion The state of panic which he describes does not exist (Hear, hear.) He insist remember that though in the course of a year we have 9,000 or 10 000 Special! trains running in addition to the ordinary traffic the colony compares favourably with other parts of the world in respect to the proportion of railway accident; which occur (Hear hear ) Until the suburban lines were taken over by the State they ranked among the highest railways in the world for safety, and though some accidents have occurred Since yet the results as shown by a series of years reflect in my opinion the greatest credit on the management of the officers whom we have had (Hear hear ) 1] e hon. member says we have not a Bull c sent a number of qualified men Mr MUNRO - The public meeting said it Sir BRYAN O LOGHLEN-The hon. member must be aware that all the officers connected with the accident are old and experienced officers who bear the highest character Many of them were in the service of the late company and those who were not employed by the company have been connected with the Railway department for from 11 to 20 years. The Railway department is managed in exactly the same way as com Ran as are in England. The Commissioner ere holds a similar position to a chairman of a board there Sir CHARLES MACMAHON Does he eject o patronage for the benefit of the Government Sir BRYAN OLOGHLEV-He exercises patronage The 1 on member may object to the exercise of patronage for political reasons but that is not the pont I am illustrating the secretary of railway a occupies a similar position here to the position of general n annger at home and we have a traffic man ager and a locomotive superintendent at t, near just as they have there. The oil seen here are just as independent in the discharge of their duties IIB at home (near hear ) It may be that the select com- mittee will suggest improvements in the system they may advise that the appointments should be vested in the permanent off seem that the office of M water should be abolished and that the railway property valued at about £25,000 000 should be handed over to an irresponsible board All those points can be worked out in the committee What the hon member asks is that a select committee shall be appointed to inquire into the present Ministerial management of the railways What will be the result. The committee will include hon. members who have been M masters of Railways and each gentleman will no doubt try to point out that perfection was attained when he was Minister the committee would be occupied therefore in settling personal altercations The hon member joined the Minister the Ministry and the accident very cleverly and certain people out of doors have done the same They have been mixed up by the hon morn her and he is trying to mislead the public into the belief that they are one and the same Mr MUNRO Hear hear The accident was the result of bad management Sir BRYAN O LOGIILEN-I deny that they should be joined together and I ask the House to deny it If this is the ground upon which the hon. member bases his motion and asks for support I ask every hon member if he values himself as a man to leave him alone and let him be a minority of one Does the hon. member mean to say that when over a railway accident occurs the Minister or the Ministry of the day should be held responsible' That was what his remarks meant I am fully persuaded that when the object of the motion is stated in its naked deformity every hon. member must be ashamed of it With regard to what has been said as to the action taken by the Government in connexion with the Council I think that the hon member (Mr Munro) must have been unaware of the serious position in which he has placed the House. It is the recognised constitutional custom that when a motion of want of confidence is moved no public business can be done man other place the veriest tyro knows that TI e hon. member must take the responsibility of the motion which necessitates that the whole business of the country shall come to a standstill Instead of expressing his views by a a motion for the adjournment of the House he has brought on this motion which says that the Government shall not lend the House but that the House shall take the course which he proposes and take the dictation of the hon member and of the Opposition and this after the Government had promised that the searching investiga- tion before the coroner should be followed if necessary by an independent inquiry Mr MUNRO -There was not a word said about that Sir BRYAN O LOGHLEN-At the last sitting I remarked - I consider that while this Intense agitation con to us it would be rather inadvisable to appear at a cost matter I submit that after the intense public feeling 1 aaBubBidod will be the proper time for a so lect committee to be appointed Where then is the hon members recollection ' The proposals of the Government I submit are reasonable and fair and in order that no mistake may be made and that the matter may be placed in the proper light I move the previous question Mr BERRY said that the House had been taken by surprise by the extraordinary movement of the Government They insisted that this motion should be treated as one of want of confidence It was not necessarily so and it was a gross libel to say that the Opposition had devised it as a want of confidence motion They would have been content if the Premier had even now said that the Government intended to carry out the intentions of the hon member But now the Premier had taken the extraordinary the unprecedented course of moving the previous question If they searched the whole records of Parliamentary history through he doubted whether ever they would find the case of a Government which having insisted on a motion being regarded as one of no confidence, then came forward and moved the previous question It was true that such a motion was the greatest compliment that could be paid to the mover of the original proposition for it was an admission that his motion was well timed, and that it was BO trenchant that I Jbe Government could not depend upon their friends to vote against it (Hear hear ) was another of the extraordinary example the House had had of the backbone of the Government. (Hear hear and laughter No one would have imagined for one moment that the Premier would have sheltered himself behind the motion of the pn viona question If it was not the natural inference from his conduct the he did not wish the House to have the opportunity of saying yea or n to the motion of the hon member for North Melbourne he did not know the meat ing of language The motion of the previous question was the approved Parliamentary mode of avoiding a division upon a man question (Hear hear ) The Government showed by this action of the Premier that they were afraid to take a vote on the question which they had on viously insisted was a direct motion of want of confidence and he undertook to say that grosser Parliamentary cowardice has never been seen (Opi OBition cheers) I was such cowardice as he could not have imagined possible Mr M IN TYKE -It is in order to save the time of the country Mr BERRY Whether the House and the country when they had time to think over this procedure would approve of it it mained to be seen iheotherevenmghe(Mi Berry) asked the Government if they would undertake to appoint a board of independent citizens but they declined to take the course Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN Until after the inquest was over Mr Bi RRY -The hon member declined to do it at once and promptly (Mr PATTER SON - And promptness was everything 10 course the hon gentleman was bound t agree to a board and to say that one should be Dr pointed some time or either but was that to be when it was convenient when the main features of the affair were forgotten and when the Abbe had go apathetic ' Vi bat the public wanted to know was the real cause of this accident Was i caused by an thing done by the Minister of Rail IIB He did not think it was (checrp)-but there were those who said that and the Government by their action were say ing that as plain as they could No no and free yes ) It would be paid out of doors that they were afraid of in was) that they were afraid it would be shown that the political management of the railways was to blame in the matter It was said that there must be appointed to manage the railways a non-political board Now should not the House know whether there was any truth in the conclusion that the political management of the railway had to answer for this occurrence We have heard of these things before the advent of the present Government and the management of the railways by the House had never been seriously challenged as it has been of late What right had people to condemn wholesale every Minister of Railways simply because there had been mismanagement during the last 18 months' Sir JOHN OSlIANAfeSY What was the meaning of Sir James M'Culloch a bill for the better management of railways' Mr BERRY -V, eil Sir James M'Culloch in that was trying to do what others had failed in It had long been the pet idea with certain politicians-he did not think the hon. member (Sir John O'Shanassy) was one that certain boards should be appointed in dere gation of the true functions of the House and it would always be a popular cry with certain politicians-politicians of the intensest type themselves Dont let us have politics and who meant by that Don t let us have políice on both sides (Hear hear and laughter ) Give them a real non-political body Why how was it to be got' Who were to be the schooners' Did such a non-political board mean a board like that which had just been appointed? The object of the inquiry was to find out who was to blame if the IIOUBC knew the delinquent it would not hold an inquiry The speech of the Premier had vastly altered the situation The hon. gentleman said that the inquest would probably end in two or three days and if it did the time when in his opinion an inquiry into the management of the department might be held would be brought very much nearer then the period be indicated a week ago At that time the son gentleman spoke of the middle of January the Government after having denounced the hon member for North Melbourne were going to ask the House to apPoint, a select committee to express its want of confidence in them. They had indicated the nature of their proposed Railway Management Bill at the beginning of the EetBion but their supporters in the press told them it would not do 1 be Government were obedient and would I of trust themselves to frame another bill but ever seeking safety and having the second reading of their Railway Alni agement Bill before them as a danger in the future asked the House to be well) non-political to get them out of the d fl call) and to decide on what lines the bill should be framed are (Mr Berry) did not say he objected to that course but it did not become the Premier to speak as he did of the motion when the himself intended to propose the ointment of a select committee to perform the fund one of the Government because they could not confide in themselves The Premier was going to propose almost identically the same committee that he now refused to take The hon. gentleman could not help returning con but last Thursday he could very fairly have accepted it Curiously enough the hon. gentleman condemned the management of the 1 Railway department since he had been in office more emphatically than any other speaker He said that taking the average number of railway accidents here the department would compare favourably v lb other railway under takings cleeiahero and that it was only since the rest t Government were in office that these extraordinary accidents had taken place What I had to be considered was the character of thee accidents This last was not an ordinary accident that no one would hold the Government responsible for by the whole country was ringing with the curious nature of the accident It had been justly said that it was not an accident. It was almost prepared for Although bon merit erB were asked not to debate the causes of the accident and to wait for the verdict of the coroner's jury the officials of the department in reseated reports were re judging the whole case (Cheers ) Evidence was be n g accumulated against the intended victim who has st persons were Bajmg alone caused the accident the man was being written down by the reports in yes terday s newspapers there was a report from the traffic manager which was a most consummate piece of special pleading to shelter the officers at the expense of the nation The report referred to the time table for the special train and admitted that it ought to have shown that at Hawthorn the 0 7 train from Melbourne would be met It admitted that to make the time table per feet that should have been shown but in the next sentence it accused the man who drew up the time table Had the framer of the time table been suspended from duty) He (Mr Berry did not know the man but thought not The Stationmaster however bad been suspended and the guard and driver who carried their lives in their hands Mr Anderson in his report said it was the duty of stationmasters drivers guards and other officers to make themselves acquainted with the special time table in connexion with the current service time table The same report said that the current service time table for the month was framed and in the hands of the officials four days before the accident, II at would be about the 28th of November when the current service time table of the month was the November one It was then the November time table they were called upon to compare the special one with and the November cable stated that the Hawthorn train from Melbourne left at 0 J p m timing it to arrive at Hawthorn at Oil The special train from Box hill was due at Hawthorn at 0 21 and there was thus a margin of seven minutes VI is not that margin enough to allow the off acts to go to sleep' Again did the man who framed the special time table know that there was going to be an alteration in the service table for December ? Or did he draw it up in accordance with the November table' Of course he did and that was how he did not mark on the special table that the Box bill tram would meet the Melbourne tram at Hawthorn before it left that station Now were pointed like these to be in abeyance until several months elapsed Why should the whole truth not be known at once ? If he had not touched on the real cause of the accident what was the explanation of the discussion between the officials over the extraordinary time table for the special tram! Orwbydid the Camberwell station master volunteer his advice' (Hear hear ) The whole feeling was that a full and perfect inquiry should be held Mr BENT Hear, hear That is what I want Mr BERRY But they wanted it before the matter was prejudiced by any verdict of the coroner's jury The cause of the accident might be gross negligence on the part of Borne officer in not conveying to the gentleman who drew up the time table for the special train information as to the change in the ordinary table Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -The same man drew up both Mr BERRY had thought there would have been ft division 1 duty and responsibility, Mr. BENT -That is the question which has to be inquired into. Mr. BERRY.-But the report he (M Berry) had referred to sheeted home to blame like a verdict of a jury to one man. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN. The coroner jury will disregard these documents. Mr. ZOX.-The statements made shoal only have been given in evidence. Mr. R. CLARK.-YeB ; what is the god of an inquiry if you give the whole evident beforehand ? Mr. BERRY said that if the matter could be settled without any political feeling c results he would be delighted. There has not been the slightest intention on the part of the Opposition to make the motion on of no confidence Had they desired such motion they could have tabled one of which they could have raised tenfold greater charges No charge had been made against the Minister of Railways pel Bonally except that he had been interfering with matters outside his province. Mr. BENT.-Prove that. It is simply Slander The charge is made because I too my coat off to help the sufferers in the Jolimont accident-to help dying men. Mr BERRY said that, for one thing, the Minister of Railways had taken credit for having filled up the Jolimont culvert on his own motion. Mr BENT.-Subject of course to prove; sional advice Mr BERRY.-If the Minister had confine himself to the proper functions of his office what had he to fear from an inquiry ? Mr. BENT -I court one. Mr. BERRY Had the Railway department instituted an inquiry by experts, in whom the country would have had confidence, no difficulty would have arisen in the House, but the Premier desired to postpone an investigation: until after the coroners inquiry, which might last for two months. Supposing that the result of the inquest was a verdict of manslaughter against some one, the House could not go on with the inquiry until the accused was tried by another tribunal. Mr. BENT.-Hear, hear. Mr BERRY- Tnen, that would mean ; three months' delay. If the House would settle the matter by ordering the appointment of a committee, then, if a vote of confidence in the Government were passed immediate-: afterwards he (Mr. Berry) would have no objection. It was not the removal of the Government that was wanted, but a full and fair enquiry), and if the House did not order one to take place at once, it would fail in its duty. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY remarked that he failed to see why the motion before the House should have been received by the heat of the Government in an angry spirit There was no reason why a select committee should not be appointed, and the Government were wrong in endeavouring to raise a political issue upon the question. He (Sir John O Shanassy) was not now preaching what he had not practised, for in 1891 he cheerfully) granted the appointment of a select com- mutes of inquiry into the police department, over which he then presided, and was even a member of it himself. The hon member for North Melbourne had acted very fairly in proposing that the members of the committee should be elected by ballot (Hear, hear ). The Premier had made a statement that night which was inconsistent with a previous assertion. The hon gentleman now said that he was willing to agree to a select committee, but on a previous evening, immediately after the late accident, the Minister of Railways brought in a bill for the better management of his department, the two courses of procedure being inconsistent with each other, for, if the bill contained the matured opinions of the Government, they could not agree to any inquiry into the subject If the hon. gentleman was prepared to go on with the bill he would be shifting the responsibility of finding out the best method of railway management on to the shoulders of the House general.) Where was the difference between granting the in quiry now and granting it some time hence ' (Sir BitiAH O LoGHLtN -" Everything ' ) The papers connected with the last complaint made against the Minister of Railways bore a number of highly important blue pencil marks, which could easily be removed with a piece of indiarubber, and a similar state of things in reference to the papers relating to the Hawthorn accident might be urged against a postponement of the present in quiry. It would certainly be unwise to allow any great length of time to elapse before the investigation was made, or before the papers, at any rate, were impounded It was a singular thing that as soon as the late accident happened, all the official correspondence and reports were published in the press That was not a proper thing to allow, as it showed how the officers tried to shift the responsibility from one to another, and must influence the coroner's jury. It was not to be expected that those officers would make a different statement when before the coroner from that contained in their reports, even thoughsubiectedtocroBB examination What therefore, was the value of the inquest to the country The Premier had moved the ' pre YOUR question, ' but that did not prevent the motion from coming up next time the House met. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN submitted that if the previous question were carried, the question could not be put, and the motion would disappear from the paper, but any hon. member would be enabled to bring it on again. able SPEAKER. The question is that the question be now put The object of moving the previous question as to stop discussion. (Hear, hear ) Sir JOHN O SHANASSY-The motion would disappear from the notice paper, but it could be revived, and therefore the debate on the question would merely be postponed if the Premier B amendment were carried The hon. gentleman had laboured to anticipate the finding of the committee by saying that the system of railway management here was the same as that in force in England There never was a greater fallacy). In the first place the chairman of a board was not appointed in the same manner as a Commissioner of Railways, who after an election might be chosen a member of a scratch Government. At the initiation of the whole question, therefore, the English system was totally different. Here the Minister considered himself not only a political head, but an engineer and traffic manager When it was said that he was not responsible, in some sense, at all events, for any accident which might occur, that was trifling with common sense if he did not interfere, but fixed the responsibility on the proper officers, the case would be different, the had not done anything of the kind. He had inter meddled and muddled He considered that there was no difference in principle between the motion and the intention of the Government, and therefore he would vote for the inquiry as proposed by the hon. member for North Melbourne. Mr FRANCIS said all were agreed that the best means should be adopted for the elucidation of the truth (Hear, hear) 'The coroner's inquiry would be limited to the causes of the death of the man Thomas, and to ascertaining who was accountable for it Public feeling was alive to the necessity for a fuller inquiry into the working of the department, and he did not see that such an investigation would conflict with the inquest He believed that the Government, and the Minister of Railways particularly, were impressed with the necessity for a thorough inquiry, and also for a thorough reform in the administration of the department As to the question of political patronage, he (Mr Francis) had felt how largely an hon member, and especially a Minister, was forced to make appointments and promotions on political grounds, and it was often only by losing his temper or prejudicing his Ministry that a Minister was able to answer " No to applicants. He believed that the evils of the system had been fully recognized by the late Minister of Railways (Mr Patterson), who was with him (Mr, Francis) a member of an association for obtaining the aboli- tion of patronage, and that the present Minister was equally convinced of the evils of that system But the questions raised by this motion were very large-larger, he thought, than hon. members realised There was plenty of matter for consideration before the House decided as to the future management of the railways whether they should be leased, a proposal which at one time obtained considerable favour, or managed by a board, or any other system. He did not think the House would now favour the leasing idea, but it was a very large question, and would require careful consideration The Jolimont inquiry by the committee of the Legislative Council stopped short owing to the late engineer-in chief refusing to come from Sydney to give evidence, and in consequence of his absence the inquiry was some what of a farce. The Minister of Railways had no doubt made a mistake in trying to do too many things himself, but it was impossible to deny his activity and zeal, and he had grappled with some important changes. Among these was the supersession of Mr. Elsdon, which there could be no doubt was necessary, as he was not fitted to manage professionally our railway system, though no doubt he had been able to carry out the duties appertaining to the smaller charge of the Hobson's Bay lines. AB to this inquiry by a board, be considered it should be appointed to go into the whole question, and if the Government, would give an, tmd.er.fe.king that it should be begun immediately on the termination of the inquest, he should be satisfied. Mr BENT That is what we have agreed to do Mr FRANCIS If that were understood be should be content, and would support them. It was not surprising that they should have resented the attempt to dictate to them as to the time and manner of the inquiry Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN expressed a hope that a division would be taken that evening, so that the Council could sit the next day Mr LONGMORE said there were several hon members yet to speak, including himself, and he moved the adjournment of the debate Agreed to ADJOURNMENT. At 10 minutes past 11 the House adjourned till next day at half-past i 