TUBF GOSSIP. Bt Aogob. With fine weather the Flemtngton race* course should be well worth a visit this after* noon, when the Melbonrne Hunt Club will' hold ita annual meeting. The programme contains seven events, so that no fault can be fonnd with the Quantity provided, and some close and exciting contests are antici* pated. The field for the Hurdle Usee will not be nnmeroos, and few of the cracks will put in an appearance, the near approach of more important events, no doubt, keeping them at home. Rhesus will be an absentee^ but Qlenorvan and Red Rover are all at home over the distance, and the better of the two I expect to see win, Glxhobvan for choice. Trevallyn wee entered by mistake, and of those further down the list perhaps Cracks* man and Merry Maid are the best. For the Amateur Hurdle Race Van Tbomp is most worthy of publio confidence, bqt the Hunt Club Cup competitors are so much alike that it will be . very difficult to spot the winner, albeit, I think the places will be filled by Arax, Hector, and Mabqdis, unless Barooo Roee straight, in tits event of which he should win, One of the most in* temting itams of the day will be the Flying Stakes, In which soma of our most promising Juveniles will take part. Many of those en* gaged are also in the V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes and Maribyrnong Plata, and this fact -alone will render the oontest important, as the re* suit may give some line for the richer events tafpUow, Mr, Bavill has a oouple of aplen* did, youngsters in Itaplandsr and Delusion, and the better of the. pair will prove, vary hard to beat Oa ths training-ground De* |i^o|i hsa Shqwn most«a^l>ut iihs h> bdng trained without, •hoes.which is un ad* vantage, and, .moreover. the oolt id ways oarriee Aha. bigger. ■ weight, Mr. Haines haa, a couple of, very. useful Sooth Ana* IraUans in Breesetind Pioughboy, both ' itf Qlofiou* atpreient the threewell>bred so kes Mr. si torsinnhlom Miss Pensile, by ktng~G^~from j/sasUa. Miles and Malverti aire also frbtn >erCeHent > facing families, and of the remainder (like nothing So well as fibnota,' I think, how. \- ever, Mr. Savill will win with DsLtrsiov or Laplander, and if hie stable is to bo beaten i it map be by Miss Glorious, Horjora; or the ' best of Mr. Gardiner's. For the 'Open Steeple* chase I like-nothing So well as Starlight and Stag. The Handicap Flat Race is likely to produce a capital 'conteBt, for 'several of the lot engaged appear to have a c&Ance;, . albeit Respite muat hold many of them safe! The Assyrian is a read good animal over the distance, and The Ghost and Balthasar are both speedy. Promethene is one of the best col tsat Fleming ton, bnt .with four in it Mr. Savill may prefer to let something else (any the stable money, and whichever does will get first or second. Scandal and Verdure are both well in at 7et, 71b., and bat little fault can be found with the others, the beat of whom perhaps is Mameluke, though I think the winner will come from Respite, Scandal, and the best of Mr. Savill's. The usual rail* way arrangements will be observed, and the Omnibus Company will also convey pas* sengers to the course. The first race will Btart at half-past 12 The trotting meeting at Els tern wick-pkrk did not attract many people on Saturday last, but those who took the Albert- park and St. Kilda ronte must have enjoyed the drive. The sport was a alight improvement upon that which took place at the previous meet ing, but etill it was alow, and 1 fancy the leading members of the club will introduce 1 fiat races and hurdle races to enliven the pro ceedings at future meetings. The American pool syBtem may, in time, become popular, but the club should erect an office some dis tance from the stand, as it is not pleasant for the ladieB to have the buyers and sellers on the lawn. The road at the back of the grand stand is a disgrace to any municipality, and I am surprised that ench a quagmire is allowed to exist. LeithamBtead proved his excellence once more, and as he is still a young horse, it iB quite certain that he will lower hiB record considerably within a year or two. Bella Campbell, a conntry dame of plain proportions, also shaped well, and though Bhe seemed to be gone all over, she surprised everybody by the style in which she covered the gronnd. The arrangements were good, and the several officials got through their duties in a satisfactory manner; Messrs. Clarke and Strettle performing the etarting, and Mr. T. Gaunt and assistants the time keeping. Daring the day 1 saw a very nice two year old of Mr. Colbath's, by Von Moltke from a thoroughbred mark, and, as she iB being handled properly, Bhe may ripen into a' useful trotter. Among the visitors to the Elsternwick-park on Saturday last was Mr. Henry Driver, of Hew Zealand, and in achat with him he in formed me that by the aid of the totaliBator the Dunedin Racing Club had been enabled to purchase their course, with a fair prospect of clearing the outlay without much diffi culty ; and the club was also able to double the value of eome of the principal stakes. A Sydney friend writes me that Masquerade will win the Canlfield Cup, if, Ac., Ac. Ver bum tat sapienti. Yet he must have improved wonderfully since the Hawkeebury Handicap to beat Sting, to say nothingof some of the other cracks of Mew South Walee, South Aus ' tralia, and Victoria. Mr. Selman has requested me to state that as Londonelly went to Ballarat without leave, he has dispensed with his services. Everybody will sympathise with Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wilson in the Iosb of their son George, who met with a terrible accident while riding Kathleen' in the Maiden Steeple chase at the Ballarat Hunt Club meeting. From the first but little hopeB were enter tained of his recovery, and I regret to say that he died on the following day. He was a quiet, well-behaved lad, smd his untimely death has created quite a gloom in Dowling Forest. The annnal general meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club will be held on Monday next, when a ballot for the election of mem bers of committee will be taken. The fol lowing nominations have been made Messrs. D. S. Wallace, A. R. Blackwood, Hurtle Fisher, C. D. O'Halloran, G. 0. Fenner, and Dr. Fitzgerald. Fryingpan performed a sensational gallop at Flemington on Saturday last, when, after a canter, he galloped once round the outer track in 2m. 33s., and as he had over 8st up, it was a meritorious performance. The time was exactly the same as Darebin made a few days before last year's Derby, and there was but little difference in the weight. The Hon. James White and other promi nent Australian sportsmen are returning to the colonies by the steamship Austral, and will arrive in time to witness the contest for the Melbourne Cap. At the Monmouth-park (America) meeting the principal two-year-old raoe, the August j Stakes, was won by Mr. P. Loxillard's Engr lish colt Pizarro, by Adventurer from Mu-, liner, by Rataplan (brother to Stockwell) from { Manganese, by Bircatcher. It will be seen that this colt is nearly related to the S. A. J.C. j Derby winner, Guesswork, who is by the Stockwell horse Gang Forward from Perad venture, by Adventurer from Manganese. He | carried 8st. 61b., and ran the six furlongs in lm. 18£s. Nadfcee, wjjo won a two-year-old race at Caulfield laflmspring, died a'ahort time ago I SfMofl from the etems of an'accident I mentioned last week that Wheatear had succumbed to his injuries, bnt it appears that it was deemed advieibleto destroy him, as he had wasted to a skeleton and was suffering great agony. I am glad to say that Sir Oliver le all right again. The Mormons evidently like a bit of sport, for at Salt Lake City inAnguat there was de cided a match for 5,OOOdoL (£1.000) a side, mile heats, best three in five. The competi tors were Wildmoor, by. Longfellow, mad Red Boy, by War Dance, and . .the former won three beats right off in lm. 43to., lm. 48m,, and Inutile. I hate been requested to state that Angler's Hit is full, consequently no more maree will be ^allowed to visit the son of Fisherman this season. Amongtbe strange matrons on his list is Mr. W. J. Clarke's celebrated mare Petrea, whoee blood should nick to a nicety with that of Angler. fhsre is not the iKghtest tinge of truth in the rumour that Borilka had gohe into the St. Albene stahST , > i , At the Buffalo Trotting Meeting, the Calf fornian gelding Overman won three heats in the S29 tiaas in &90L 2.33J, and 2-24}. Overman is by "Elmo, whose name appears in. the pedigrees of some of the trotters recently, imported from America. The celebrated gelding Clingstone was, however, the "boss" of the' ' 8.1 d the mOeriria foh in tbe epMial purae df' 1,000 dollardbe won three straight heats in, 2,141,216. and 2.174. ffis owne< 'wasaaked tf he Whuld sdl jlm.; He aaid>Y«, fdr 100,000 doUan.'' Rather a tall figure for h. gelding;:' .. it Walton, the Yankee plunger; who was < tnnt; proof or probability. Walton admitted having1 thadBhandsbme v , — „. 4, and the cotamlttee-intbelf . frepOVtbt thftt if theesgiftawere ttot intehdefdtoddr ropfc they were corrupting, Wid fntroddcdd a rule disqualifying ally 'jOtSkAy,' trtibetv'oi' employer accepting'any gratajty, M abating in any bet. -- •' ' '', > *"•'» j Messrs. W. 0. Ydille atidCo. veflprt bavihf eold, on accounts of Mr. J, Redfe»n, we brood mareKitcbetimaid, by YelveCtbtt frdra Saucepan (imported dam Of Haricots-Irish Slew, Mercury, Zambesi, and FryingpaO/i'tO Mr. S. Gardiner. On ' account of Mr,I M'Caughan, Panacea,' dnda fitly foalby ? Spark, to Messrs. Crippa Brothers: Bnda four-year-old mare, by Argue 8candaI froni Panacea, to Mr. A. Selihan, On acconntof Mr. C. B. Fisher, a three-year-old Ally, by Rawdon from Lady Pantaloon, by Tom King from Marchioness (dam of Angler), to lb. Ai Selman. When Mr. Blackler, who bad leased Rich* - mond for the eeason, saw the son of Mari- ; byrnong, be made hie owner a liberal offer to • boy him outright, and it. was accepted, ao the < gallant old ex-champion willin all probability remain in theaister colony. The eecond volume of the Australian Stud Book baa been published by Messrs. Yuille 1 and Co., and itis,< without doubt, the moat complete work of the kind ever issued in Australia, reflecting great credit upon the compiler, Mr. Archibald :Yuille.. No racing man or breeder should be withont a copy. Mr. W. Bryant, an old Australian sports* I man, died at Joyce's Creek during the week. In the early days of racing in Victoria he was j one of our best amateur horsemen, and on bis horse Schoolboy, was the hero of many a hard-fought contest. The conditions of the Summer Cap of the' A. J.C. appear this week, and it will be eeen that the entries close on Thursday, Octo ber 19. The fall programme of the Bendigo Jockey Cinb will be fonnd in the advertising columns of The A vstralasian, and contains, as usual, the Sandhurst Cup of 200 sovs., Bendigo Han dicap of 150 bovb., and Steeplechase of 100 BOVB. An assertion having been made that Baeeanio ran in shoes in the S.A.J.C. Derby, Mr. W. E. D&kin; writes to the South Aus tralian papers stating that Bassanio'a shoes were taken off two hours before the race, and light plates substituted, in consequence of the colt's feet being very brittle. Mr. Dakin will leave Adelaide to-day (Saturday) with nine horses. Mr. FiBber's bill to suppress sweeps, and gambling in various forms, has passed its second reading in the House of Assembly. Ab it is quite certain that more than half the sweeps that have lately sprung up like mushrooms, are nothing more or less than gross BwindleB, legislative action is absolutely necessary. The Australian Jockey Club has decided to compel all bookmakers wishing to bet at Randwick to pay an annual licence fee of £25, and register their names with theclnb, otherwise they will not be allowed to ply their vocation in the saddling paddock. Mr. Fennelly was to leave Sydney on Thursday with Segenhoe, Hecla, Morpeth, Gostwyck, Aberfoyle, Middle march, ana White and Blue. Mr. De Mestre and others leave early next week. The fall programme of the Sydney Tort Club meeting to be held on the 26th January appears in the advertising columns of The Australasian this week, ana it is In every way creditable to Mr. Clibbom and those who framed it. The added money amounts to 1,000 sovs., and is capitally distributed. The firat item is the Flying Handicap of 100 sovs., the distance being six furlongs only. Next comeB the Turf Club Cup, value 60 bovb., with 50 bovb. in specie added. Then follows a Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., which is suc ceeded by the most important item in the programme, the Anniversary Handicap of 10 sovs. each, with 300 eovs. added, one mile and three furlongs, the entry fee being a sovereign only. Then follow the January Stakes of 150 bovb. for two years old, the Selling Plate of 160 sovs., and the Ladies' Bracelet of 60 eovs. for the winner, and smaller prizes for the second and third. The entry fee for each event is a sovereign only, and Buch liberality deserves recognition from the hone-owners, not only of New South WaleB, but of Victoria also. The weights for the minor handicaps of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club's first day's racing were declared on Monday. In the Hurdle Race I do not fancy anything better than P. G., Discount, and Zanga. and for the Amateur Challenge Cup commend me to Marquis, Starlight, and Erin. The Toorak Handicap is commenced upon a high scale, and the best treated appear to be Lai pent. The Assyrian, Scandal, Prometheus, The Hebrew, Saionara, and Robert the Devil; while for the Steeplechase, Euchre, Spring, Stag, Kanaka, and Hieroglyph, look best upon paper. A little bird whispers me that The Assyrian was tried daring the week, and ran the mile and a half on the outer track in 2 47$, and once round In 2.33. If this be true, it was a brilliant performance. I thought Prometheus went wonderfully well on Tues day morning in a half-mile spin with Delusion and Laplander, and Savanaka never moved with greater freedom. The gallop of the morning, however, was that between the Tasmanians Stock well and Bagot. in which they ran once round the outer track easily in 2.85, Stockwell having a good deal the best of it at the finish. These are two of the beet representatives the island colony has ever sent ns, and The Queen, who easily defeated Hobart at the end of a mile and a half, Is anything but a slow filly. I thought Robert tbe Devil, Fryingp&n;, DareDin, and King ot the Vale moved in fine form, and to did Lar« pent and Anglesey, bat the two year olda at Flemington appear to be a moderate lot thia j ear. The name of Irish King, fcrith five winners, five races, value £427. was accidentally omitted from the list of winning stallions last week . - ■. - ■ ■ . I Bandalblon, the Barbarian—Vanity oolt that won three races for llr. Vejhado, is re ported to have won thf, Vatdan Plate at Mauritius. Thia isgensmlUr a rich atake,; and la open to allhonesuiat have never won in the island* A jprotest was en the Hunters' Stakeo i and was debided Iri l . _ .. The Hdnt Clnb hah warn 'pbfved with a writ not to' pay. over, tb betakes. What a place Adelaide in *'pri$ep¥ too much" there.; In tbe ad vertising .oninanp -of TktAu* traiatkm will fee Ipandtbo terms npon which t. And mwjMTown?t chorees will atandat lUcb^ond.^^w^Swth Wales, daring the season- Hwillbeseen that Maribyrneat is not smooK tbe^eyainberj his list beinfe fall butwuhpntthtefinaoid sonoi.Sishectaan tfae 1 stad U.wond^QUyatepncin etaUioas, Tphe $«4seaswsis5«3S»^Mttn' this magnifioant tpsoimaa of tha fbfed tbottldodtnniuhfl' Meor thorp#, will . itiiul it :th( mwublt :fi|an guineas. Thk bone *u UnportedbyMr. Town/and hoisby th» English Ih(t^#H(iiiii Donoesterfrom Alice/whose tire whiBdc* caneer, and dam a fall sister to thecals* brat«d West - Auatxalian. - Jn- addition to these'there to- a fullbtother to Grand Fiadeftr, and' the'. imported Amwiesn'trot tine stallion Child* Harold. The latter! ia on* Of the moat fashionably-bred ttiottfciff •ire* ever importad; ferheis by Baveld; tore of; Uand S.i whom record ia 2ni.lOJa, and bitdun is also' the dam of > Voltaire; who tea * recfbrd of ■ jbajSSjt: Childe Harold, mora* ortr,' haai a record of2m.2&». fora tingle mile, anii 5m.' 4e.' for two bailee,' aothatxie ia on* that can stay as wall aa Ro fasti When ha woh the CbatUpionStaiiion Race at Alex andra-park be govs soma of bis* opponent* 706yanfs,and woneasily. <■ > ,-i. ■•■'E R. Batty, the wall-known icrosMOMtry jockey, baa' started in business aaa rputdie trainer, at Caulfield. He is erecting .bodes near tbe course, and as be has always been a wellrcondocted young man, I daresay he'tfill reoeive the patronage he deserves.' ^ All going well, I believe' wa shall hive * capitaT field for the V.R.C. Derbyl, ' The South Australian contingent is likely to be strengthened by the addition of Standard Bearer, who ran so well at the S.A.J.C. meet ing. in all likelihobdj then, the field, will be composed of Navigator, Segenhoe, Skionata, Hecla, and Grosvehor, representibg N£w South Wales; Prometheus for The Hebrew, Guesswork, Bassahlo, and Standard Bearer, South Australia; Boalka, Allender, Frying pan, 8inking Fond, Ironmaster, Transferred, Little Jack, Belmont; King of thSYale. Anglesey, and Mistake, Victoria;" and Hobart, Tasmania.' Herb we have over '3D colts and filliea, and a down selected from this number will m&ke; up an excellent'field. \- The balance-Bheet of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, which has been published for the information of the members, shows a very satisfactory state of affairs. The .profits on six meetings amounted to nearly £1,600, and had not tbe financial year terminated on the 31et August, instead of the 31st October,' fjhe profits of the coming Spring meeting would doubtless hgyepwelled tbia amount consider ably. Exclusive of the numerous improve* mentanow being proceeded with, the club has spent nearly £2.000 on the course, atad when these are finished the Caulfield conrae will be one of the most complete in Ana* tralia. Mr. Bond is progressing famously with hi* improvements at Caulfield. The inner ring, for betting purposes, has been formed; and ia to be asphalted. Mr. A. K. Fmlay, who I am glad to s&y; was improved in health when he passed through America, interviewed the Bister to Foxhul, which be purchased from Mr. R. W. Cameron when the latter was in Australia. Before the mare leaves for Australia she is to visit one of the stnd horsea of America, and I believe a son of the celebrated Lexington trill be selected to mate with her. It will be seen by advertisement that Mr. W. S. Cox's speedy horse, The King, will stand at Kensington-park daring the season, at the moderate fee of three guineas, -and mares will be paddocked for two shitting* per week. 1 Forward still being a martyr to rheumatism, A. Daviea has thrown him out of work, and it is qnite probable that he may be sent to Sydney for a change. Mr. C. D. O'HaUoran has been appointed * member of tbe Victorian Club committee, in place of tbe Hon. W. Pearson resigned, and Mr. A. F. Sullivan has been elected chair* man. Suwarrow having broken down, has been scratched for his spring engagements: and Magnet having been injured, through being cast in bis box, has had a week'a rest. No less than 35 boxes have been let at the Racecourse Hotel, Flemington; Mr. Do Mestre having 12, Mr. J. R. CrookelO, Mr. W. Forrester 6, Mr. EL Phillips 4, and Mr. C. M. Lloyd 3. Mr. Ivory's will go to S. Davis's, Mr. Wentworth's to the Newmarket Hotel, and Sir Thomas Elder's 10 to the Laurel HoteL A meeting of the members of the Wyndham Racing CIud was held during the week, and it was decided to bold tbe usual quarterly race meeting on the 23rd December, and the following programme was decided upon:— Selling Handicap of 40 so vs. three-quarters of a mile; Hurdle Race of 40 so vs., two miles; Summer Handicap of 60 sovs., one mile and a quarter; Flying Handicap of 50 sovs., one mile; and a Galloway Handicap of 40 govs. A statement of the club's financial position was made, showing the profit from the three meetings held during the year to be £360. Liabilities amounting to £350 have been paid off, and there ia a small balance in hand to the clnb'a credit. Orient was shipped for Western Australia by tbe mail boat on Monday. Unfortunately, on the trip round very aevete weather was experienced, and the horse was killed. ' Be fore he left, however, Mr. Ynille insured the horse for £350, bat even with that Mr. Has sail will be some £40 out of pocket. Orient was by Fireworks from Sunshine, and will be best remembered here as the winner of the V.R.C. Maiden Plate. T. Brown arrived from Sydney yesterday, and was accompanied by Cunnamulla, Brian Born, Stockdale, and Saionara. He is located at S. Davis's. In answer to a deputation of the V.A.T.C. that attended the Railway department yester day, it was stated that there was every proba bility of excursion fares being granted during the Oaui field race week. . t Sou.voHiH<n. — Snwarrorr and Gtand Dnobeea have been scratched for aQ ViKC, »nd V;A.T.C. spring engagement*I for the Melbourne Cup; TopaMortheCat ^g'He^fw^bi^hMLC. bop; EtkHHriuloK M.H.C. HsrdleRaoe; KIng'ejMlfoIr K&fa; Plat Race: Waxworks, for MelboumeCaplnid, Canlfield Cap; Edith, for M&<10fro;,S*. Lawrence, Laplander. and Merita,'for tha Flying Stakes; Trevallyh and LdrdocGtyds, for Hurdle Raeej Doo4or,for Selling Rafce : Lord of Clyde, The &taiiep;, Bafieiro.tad BeHadrom, for the Slafc llaea.' *? ;s /f ftl Mams' PaoDucB 8tAk» a*j> tyAihrtahro Plats PobMHts; — Noeetaatora ft* Mtiae events are tetahriM thal tfce 8Wt lodDk lac each-must bsded^[endoeid bsfot* ttfcta. onVoodarnex^ October* f •; V»A.T.af^SieaataejrD'Mt —The entries for thsoerjenis intbe*ej>pii»enief r — 