particnlan. bat Hajneis sadto.Je tl^r \- Bt^ to^Banowwr aecompamed by D J£r Coachman, Bec«et»»y-*>f e " parttnient. arriwd fa " B»H«nit ftom the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ . A depatation—cocststiog of the mayorof Baninyoog and CoonciUor Hcdrict—vraa in- Setodan.oat tte Bonmyong reserv-oir whjc]1 haa silted op and is now quite dry. After A good deal of jtgasieat oo both aides, the Minister prooW to jgig^ted. These farms were accepted After that the same-deputation, with the addition rf Mr Young, M L.A., and fte rf B o ^ ^ ^ S ^ ^ Pablic Worts, asking him for a sum of eooey to assist the borough council to erect *>war«ciom.Umon Jyfc CreA, to prevgit the fntore silting np of .the rcwervoir. The ^ ST MinSelr agreed to give £100. before the dspaUtioa left they called the Miniater'a attenlanti to what had trans fired « • w*® 1 interview which die d^n 1 j ^ ^ T ^ ^ f T ^ to erect tiie two bridge*—Perewnr and Qainn's bridge— ^^ jQ^o {of the maintenance of the main Bokewood road. TM Minister stated that be woold provide on the estimates £500 for Perewur bridge, £400forQninn's bridge, and £300 for tbe maintenance of-the main Rokewood road. The deputation then withdrew, e feeling that tiiey had on the whole beelL very sncceaafoL The ghost which has of late haunted the Creswick road has been successfully laid, and has been promised a sound thrashing if he repeats his silly pranks. A few nights since a gentleman residing on the Creswick road observed his ghostship, about one o'clck in the morning, prancing round the tombstones in Mssrs McDonald and Hughes' yard, and at once made for him, when the ghost (dressed in a long white garment) retreated in the direction of the Cemetery gates. The mortal, however, would not permit the ghost sanctuary within the grave- yard, and pinned it up against the gates, at the same time stating that he was about to administer a caution to all ghosts guilty of annoying living mortals in that neighborhood. At this, the ghost—which turned out to be a strong able-bodied man—commenced to show fight, but was quickly rolled in the gutter, and then cleared off. However, his identity was established; and yesterday, the gentleman having again recognised him in the street, habited in his usual garb, told him that if he repeated his idiotic performances he would horsewhip him, either by night or day. It is believed that this will have a salutary effect upon " the ghost." Tie steam fire- engineof the Ballarat Fire Brigade had its first trial in practical aae ' mlay.when and waacntrinto Ballarat that a fire had taoken outon tbe farm of Mr E.Coiuins, IJM^I Creek. Themembenof the brigade eoonnmstcrod, and wen to a very ^iort time »t the scene of the conflagration. Zt seems that _ machine waa engaged in thrcekLag oata at the aide of three stacks, and while »o engaged, a nark fronr the' fnmd of tbe machine jilightsd oo one of the stacks, and caused to at ODeebnak out inflames. The machine waa aaved, and tbe firemen,-oc^Uteir arrival, tamed their attention to tie stacks e{ oats, but no watsrtam aT«n»n qnantiff could b* had, and tins l^r'ven prevented fnm Saving anything the bam in which part of the. grain had ' been stored. This bonding would moet sasoredly have been oonanmod.had it. snot been for the etertiona of the EssSerii fire^ghtera. We regret to hear that Mr Conainr loss (siboofc £250) is not covnea by iniiuiwiicp. Tbe steam £re-eqpne workea admirably; and, had there been cafEcient witer, .would have been of great use. Xhis fire should act as caataan to fanners in limMing atac&SLjas;'i the present instance U aeunce nS&B;'luui boon wid® apart' in all pmbshiHty bat one wpala -... nave , tieen . . .rormimeJ. . ,, Only ,-. wood threshing machines, ss be when a-dfOTfinrgthe bark is attached then is grntdauger iJ the syvks; pying op the funnel. \- A mtn' named nmuss Davis arikd on Constable Coatellt^ at tbe Kislrm lock-up, yesterday tttominfe and mueated to be lodied up for dnuKes&ess..; His appewacre did not w&rnnt; ttuji incazeeration, however, he was .told to go home. Some time afterwards he was fbond lying in the yard in such a helpless state that he waa locked up as a vsgtant. When before tbe bench yesterday, be appeared to be disturbed in mind, and was consequently remanded tillBic&day; next, . Two Chinese named Ah Yen and Ah Hew S d ^ S ^ ^ S L ^ S S i ina very soapcious manna- £ Ihi* street. The ronsfshlts, certain tharit their rrt««itions were not (tfa leffltimatakii clothea, and followed their maul The Chiasm— shqrtlr .^•ttanBaab entered Mr M"flavin's tinui.iiVain Main street, and fniirhawifg r ^ at the aame tame took'pnrisiiinuqf a tksid : Without paying fur it. Thssi' entering a' pawubroWa cVoso by, ihsy tried to coavert the article rato Doin, bat wBre araortund.y ponnoed upon and arrested for the larceny of thesberd,VahHrtt 'A woo^ faadge ta Etndka ctrast. asar the Town Mission Oall, wss set 00: fireon liadij jMit by aome miyWBvotis. jietaon or other, fimwIaHn -l^ainor, however,. oband by means cf a backet of water soon jntttc ero^napqt of. danger. ; 7 Tbe rBmains Cf tbe late H. C.-- Hinldey jan^ were interied bithe Bonisyostg Csmeteryon Tries day. dooeaaedwasborn in R VMS be Was fcnuwii to both old. Be ptfefaof the . . , Order of Odd&llon;, .also a member of the Saamyoog fife aad dram bond, oi boai hdlowed him ^to the grave in s*^^ which tS^^ed ^ ^ ^ L 1 ^ ^ "WHIJOT meet me at ttafgaAns," and "Safe in the arms of aTesna." The Bev. Mr _ Bead the Wesleran service, and Mr D.lierr tix Oddfellow?. Ibedsceaaedwaa only twenty years of ngr, and tbe foi«d was one A the laigest that has heen in the districb j ^ tiie Union Fbnndry wai oi- ' tired on Saturday by aome thief oc^ thic vis, who Jooted aboat £l2 in notes aftet- vuaicktsi^flan, 3ba«ter waaKpocted to the po!iM,bat sp'to tbepnaeni ths df&nders; hJiyenotJb^jdimvered. * .'. .u-V.i " An individual being Baeekt ptom (fdB nl' ^ros into tbs ceSs at.the t5tv tak-iji tfe Tuesdsy njghC fie was ao far gone;tbtt be-aoald jot-rnimiii)i< 1 £SS.«WB In the mormng be bad neoveteS 1 '^Irunk agsin." . lie amraal meeting jCJBta Frotaftaat Mntaal Benefit Sodetc was held m Toady nqp^anSfaklaBixi-dieet were res£in- eived, — "ed. There "bal been foordeMha ye^tsitlH'Bdwiisu above halanne in hand is ^nut iwFwrlifTi wjriy elei^ed titrJoto torti dhyrtora. Tbe offices tf jwn utsiy awtJmditoiB Were not filled. Mr J. A. Htttttd decgrfng fe ao^^aeoretary any sBfltetary replied on • Tbs diuroh will i^estaitHfSSslSdn it. The taooght of ^lhe t, the alterations just commenced at the r»mnh>r of Commeroe will be a staking and important-featare. The proprietor, llr Elder, has determiaed to tonvert the baBdjsg into three handsome • and itwiinodnjas h opt, under the architectural supervision of t Moara CaseJli and Figgis. The tenanta have left the building, andthe woikhss already been started in right good earnest. .The t business of the Bible aad Book Depot has t been temporarily removed a little higher up Start >treei, to the premises next door to Messrs Eyres Brothers, and Mr Birtehneil is intending , to resume business in the Chamber of Commerce when the improvements have been efiected, which, we nnoantssd. will be about the month of May next. Mr William Bones, loose, land, and estate agent, Dovetoa street, reports having sold by private contract a five-roomedcottage, with about half an acre of .freehold land, situated in Scott's parade, for the sum of £150 cash also a small parcel ef Ballarat Woollen Company shares at 19s 6d cach. A number of tareest-mea employed at a threshing-machine at Bongaree struck work oo Monday last, in consequence of tbe proprietor not allowing'them to work later than six o'clock —V in ;H the evening. .n.:.)* Ii It MIIIMII appears that the men have been working ten hours per day, at the rate -of Cd 'per hoar, and thus ig Ss eveiy day, which sun th«y were not satisfied witK uid in consequence they •sked the proprietor to allow tbesn to tamie work after six o'clock, tbe time for knocking-ofi^ until dark, bat he refased.to comply with the request, and the remit was that the roecleft tcair work. A most successful entertainment was given in the State school, Durham Lead, on Friday evening last by the Peel Street Elocution dub, in aid of a poor widow (Mis Sisson), by which a sum of over £11 waa raised, leaving, after dl expenses were paid, over £8 for the benefit of the widow. The house was crammed, and the aadience showed by their hearty, applause that they considered the efforts of the performers above the aversgaof amatcma. A lengthy programme — ^ me through, including three dialogues ow would you manage him ?" "Satah Riddle's tea party," and " dude 61 leaned especially to meet 1 rf the antfiftpor- The "getujKof rho took' part.in them was hi* ' creditable. -Special mention is .dne to : I>.Rofcert« for the sang, "Wont yon my prttty flower*?" Mia BIytfc,' for " We'd better bide a wee;" "Mia Deardin, Miss Batcher, .and Mr Fern, for recitations: and Mr Maddoch for his song, "Four jolly smiths." The "A BCduetof Mr a-d Miss Baina also gave great amusement. Miss M. Roberts proved a most effective accom panyist on the piano. The chair was occa pied by Mr Lamb, who showed himself to be the right man in the right place. 'Mention must also bs made of tbe efforts of Mr and Mrs Wright; Miss Herbertson, and Mr T. l*mh. to whose energy the Urge attendance and successful carrying out (rf the entertainment «re greatly doe. We understand that the programmes, which were manuscript, to save the expense of printing, were the work of a number of school-girls in the district The usual weekly meeting of the Brown Hill Mutual Improvement Association was held cn Tuesday evening; Mr Osborne, president, in the chair. There' was an excellent attendance, the hall being crowded. Mr 0. L. Olden, assistant lecturer of the School uf Mines, delivered an interesting and instruc tive lecture, with - experiments, (a " The chemistry of this atmosphere." A vote of thanks to the lecturer brought the meeting to a dose. The subject for next meeting is an essay by Mr Williams, on "Combativenesa and desfaFactiveness." Tbe Smy thesdale fire- engineaid! hose-red have been newly painted by Mr M. Tea], jun., who has done the work in a very creditaMemannfg. Theengineaornamented oneadt aide by a medallion portrait of a prominent member of the brigade, in the act of do* good service at a fire; and it is generally nutted that the engine never looked so well sinoe it waa brought to Smythesdale. The engine and reel wree taken back to the engine-room on Tuesday evening last, after which a special meeting of the members of infe Dtlgajo-wac held, at which arrangements were made for the reception of tbe members of the City Fire Ilrijgade andthe steam fireengine on the 25th 4 The shop window of a tradesman in the Bast bears the legend. "Bsotsfittedwithnewelastic, 'and it has caused considerable study . on the .part of obaeryeis.- Some who j^ozled over tltt* Aryan, hieroglyph have given it up in despair, and others have gone into the' adjoining shop to enquire the meaning of "die -German word in the window next door." People wearing spring-side hoots may decipher the mystericria legend; other* who can t most live on, and hope for the time when mysteries shall cease. A mtetmg of t^e Hcpburn recognition committee in held yesterday afternoon at Craig's hotel Mr T Bath occupied the chair, aad a good number of committeemen, repseaeatuag- tfae various institutions, wer present. The boo. secretary (Mr Downie) read apologies for Unavoidable-absence from the HOB. Philip Russell (at present co a vrait to Belfast}, and Messn R. Lewis, A. Wynne, M. O'FarieB, A. 8. Chinnide, E. Bsgo; DrKing, aad others, who, howerery, faUy eqraatd *heir sympathy in the movement, axid detenmna«on to take part in anything that might te arrangsd. The chairmsnatatedtfae object of the meeting, when it waa resolved that tbe recogsatioo to lb Hepburn take the form of a faanauefc that the price of tickets in connection tbexBwith ba 10s «d, and that the churman vid aecTetaiy interview Mr Hepburn with tbe view, of fixing a date for, til* banquet, with other matters. A subcommittee was then formed to carry oo* the WTangrmoots, consisting of tha following •gentlemen, viz.—rHeaart T. Bath-fdu^nmsaV W. Downie (hen. aecretary). S. Menwat, A. Wynne, , J. Tsauock, and W. BuMert. Sabsequently, Ur Hepburn was interriewad Itf the gentlemen appointed, when the data for holding the banquet waafixnd fur Thursday 9£b March next Hcssn Freeman aad Ash bee, auctioneers. chaser waa Mr J. M'Carty. John M'Leod, s young msa, was fined40t by Sir Ham, J.P., at yesterday's <3ty Court for insulting behavior, whereby a breach of thepeace waa occasioned on the previous evemng. Coostable Biordan ~hrascLtbe accused near the corner, of Mair aod fiessaai' streets fighting srith another mao> wha«seaped. A m y successful recital of ascred -*oags took glare last nigbtm St. ?Sbj)hiai%ChurcS, Clayton atree^, m conMctun with ihe Sunday school. Thenniuerona aehfetiona by the Sunday lBchool chrtdrm, ch&z;, wail JHt* SoroeBent At ti&i; end of the . a oo^c&m; waa a»d a good aam, iu aid of the fanaa of tbeir fortbcoDung {i>enic,-to be held OD Till wlaj." 2latFebrusiy. . • Mi Osti Cj^'iqmti jpriqg' ijj jt aptmn, on M^odiqr, a five-roomed hdnSle '^a fr/Jbhhstoofort&sami;££!%onThesday a touiTuunisdhooae to,JlrSbeay taet£8^ wad a foor-rocmedbouse to Mr Butler for £81; ye*terday a property ni Bona street to Mm Dodds for £300, and a pmperty in Oorbet street to Mr David for £ffi. 03iere weremsmenmsbidders ateach sale. Admana'hotd at Qtieepsdiff 'is to be put '«ito a limited liabfli^y owpany under the title «f "Adman's Grand Hotel Company," onr columns to-morrow. The capital is fixed at£50,«00 in 50,000 each. ^Ttaannnal{^thering in nuer was aeugmui, ana - nw pu> nirfcers, numbering abont BOO, who were ooan^ed to the iSff by speoal train, spent a ve^ plwssnt day. £0 anrSdrnte were 1 as haviaKQccurred Wa1ks4n.i »o'dock, \- - •'" man, tbe finder will do besides receiving by aad its contents to " Co.. Main street .. The 16th instant is pocbUoeda day at Ballan. ^ Full Wage's" letter i*l«Sd e discovered that the of eent to us with his firstletter, address, were fictitious. We iatauig -bunbngged in^his wa veiy meaa, ocsitouiptihle, and . There Iwas '*Jgr«t » Ifaryboroitgk Advertiser) tisls at the Mar Two Customs officer* _ X hem and ,iaiBSaiekode>UJ| „ ^ wlJchu^no«mtobe*nitorSteet After urning all th&e;&ctainto; theabnt,smdst I he expostolatioos of the "almcod-eym, " the officials left withont making any disco wry, sod the Chinamen procee&d;^i bliogly to restore their. hoaacbw gods to their atading places. .. The new line of railway between Honhsm' and Dimboob has been completed isays She Arspa) as far as Wail, a distance of sixteen mites, and' aa there is a luge quantity cC grain awaiting trans*n"r , mTff to Melboumsv it u intended to open the line oc "nrareday fn* goods traffic only. Tbe remainder of the line, from Wail to Dimboola, five miles and a-half, will, it is expected, be_comp!etwl in about a month's tame. The JForM understands that a'certain Jewish money- lender, who is also a-J.P., mil appear shortly as defendant at the police court. An application is to be made on the part of a journalist to have the money-lender bound over to keep the peace. The latter, it appears, is grieved at some real or fancied offence supposed to have been committed by the former, and threatens personal ilmtiw . Hence the proceedings. ^ the aentenemgof are Hemy Down, at the Amine Ooui't day (says the Gedong JJetrOtefj set fire to a crop of oats, ins Justice Williams drew attention to a larity in the statute. It provided petaoos guilty of setting fire to a haystack should be liable to imprisonment' fdr-tiftees f a years, whilse persons who set fire to a growing or ripecrop were only liable to five yean' imprisonment. Both the judge and the Crown prosecutor expressed surprise that th% legislature had made any difference between the two offences. Under the circumstances, the prisoner Down got off with the light sentence of three years' imprisonment with hard labor. •• —i Tbe Japanese (says the Worti) pat bat] slight value upon * >mWM life. ''Yor -sotoe time efforts had been made to wrtdt^cani near Kioto by placing large •atones O0~ the track. At last the peipetrator' waa dis; covered in the act and arretted. He was tried and convicted, and the judge marked his sense of the gravity of the crime by fining him Ss. It has been reported to tbe police (says the Argut) that the two Bossisn sailors who absconded from tiwAfcika on Monday, after, it is suspected robbing lieutenant Kovarowsky of a large quantity of valoable property, also carried away with Jthem two gold watchts, valued at about £60, belonging to two other officers on board the aame vesaeL' The admiral of tiu squadron ha* offered » reward of £15 each for the jLppreheunion of the two men, for whomwanaat* have been The Sydney Echo says:—'* Of Murdoch every lover of honcttly-pkyed cricket Uiroagboat the colonies mast iw prond. It is fittingat this time to remember that he is Victorian born; for this fact should reconcile everybody in tbe aster colony to his extra' ordinary Score. Victoria bas a big share in the cricketer who is, petbaps, ibe greatest living hatemvi H's oaly naejition*bli rival is ff, G. Grace, and it is questionable whether he surpasses him." Tue mayor and corporation of Adelaide (ssya the World\ visited the German war* ship Carola, at noon, on Wednesday, aad were most hospitably received. It is stated that the officers of the vessel are not pla with the want of courtesy shown them by the Governor. The work of the city and suburban postmen on Tuesday (say* the Telegraph), in delivering the missives of St. Valentine, was of the customary heavy character, the p bags being filled torepletion. The appr mate number of valentines which .passed through the Poet Office on Tuesday w*a. < " mated at between 37,030 aad 38,000. The .public (says the Herald\ are to have another opportunity of bearing Hr Murray SmlUi on t!» bctnn ptstfana faofoco he leaves tor Europe to enter upon his datica a* Agent-General. On Monday week helsctores in the Athsnavim Hall on Tom Moore. " An effort which seems (says the liiceiy to be cnnnaA with Bnenrgs. is being made to establish in Victoria amann&ietoiy;: for the production of She celebrated Swiae cheese knorra as Grey ere. - A Swiss cheesetcaker named ScbneUman bas for the last ten months been employed by Mr Palmer, of Tooiam, wear Wamumbool, in manafacturing this description of cheese. He has brought samples to Melbourne, which are reported to have given much satisfaction to the tixde. In Switzeriaod the Guyere cheese will sell at frun 84 to 10 per lb wholesale. The prioe'of the colonial article will probably be abont Is pa Ik e Ophthalmia (says the Herald', has broken, oat in the Bright State school, srhich has tedaoed the nasge attendance from 28) .to TOchOdrea. The travelling reporter of the Leader, who has just retained from a -visit to'Mirboo,' South Gippsland, iuformB tbe Age that these is a great ecarcity of men there for clearing scrub land and burning off. There fa: plenty of work to be had that will last for moothvand average wages can be had by The Russian sailor (says the Hrrald) who fell off the flies at tha Bijou on Tutaday, bas regained consciousness, but be is still in a critical condition at the hospital. . A New Sooth Wales telegram in yraterday'a Arysu says:—"The general result of the local option polling continues to be sulvene to any increase of licenses or removal" renewal). CaoittMe Twmaey. who went to San Francisco with tbe view of nmaiting the abscondiag secretary of the Fourth Terminating Building .Society, Mr J. S. Denny, has tbtoned (says the Age) to the cokmy. Mr Denny appears to bs well advised by aomeone in Melbounoe n to what is bring done hoe, and when Mr Twomey arrived .hr America he (Denny) bad levanted, without leaving the smallest trace which Qumtrth Twomey could follow. It is mnoaed ^nt Mr Denny has gone to Mexico, where people who are much songht after are free from tho unpleasant dangers that beast them in countries where extradition trestiesprevaiL At Qie half-yearly meetine of a» Vic-" torian WooOen and <3oth Marrafactarins Company, held on Tneaday evening, a dividend {asys tbe fhthrng Aibertuer} :**.tbe rate of 7 per eent perannm was declared. - In aannacSiM with thy' IKIln^ CreokscaBdsl, a Sydney telegram in Oaimna «hst fte i«al of Mr B. A Ba^late Mmhhrr xg Mines; Mr HfmiidL aaauK of the Anstraliao Joint i^ock Bank at Mfllbtaa Oretk Cdppar Ctanpsny. foroou^ Tbe %dn«y Protection and P«Utio*l teiorm league have decided (sqi »s)"to; invite' Mir Graham Barry tti a l ! s meeting, to be held in Sydney oat aa data. • Tbe aetectors' -rents fsays' the jjge) are eoming in to the I*nds receipt; and rngf oSce wah ^DproadeMed celerity.' fln Shw Slat Jamuuy of tinsyear 'the „ „ „ „ tiie yesr^ ftfreane &om; thii £29,BS2;; on the -28U> it was reduoed to £21,938; andonthe«hi^ Fehraaiy it waa brought down to £12,813. On the 21st Jamtaiytha total defiotinthelandrevemuwas ontte aSthJwuxry it waswhwei £85,565; aid on tha £th 'Janmay Jummy it waa brought down to £22^388. A tdegram rccenUy received by theCoveroment,1am the acting Ag^Gewkal] iatimateo (say* the A^llaS^e pooes at dtsmoods for driUpetpcM are«ndi«B *B wnto Mayoutim p^of the psDra>a«f Amatititifl'-liakea and bakem' driw will be bdriTdie Dutch Hany hotel next Saturday evening, .at eight o'clock, to «• •Messrs Mfiaan and Ml O®g^_ «iiibance in — fonsituB ofSIIKSOT ^ • • » » IWI^^IW with their erari^ftaarty^-the eon- -A tea sad owai:midw the aa^icesof ^diard street, this evening, commenong at o'dock. Tbe oonoert will begik at 