THEODORA VAIL. A, S: TO r IN SIX C'HAPTERBS. ....... . . B .iA,:: O APTER, IV. Lonors*ae : Oeursan counting the. cost of every step',? and weighing and balancing the enpenditure and probable gain or lose of every venture, were new exporiences to Theodora"Voll, but she shrank from nothing, 'when preparing for her eelf imposed battle with the world; indeed she seemed to court sordidness, and devoted many a spare ten minutes to mean, and a minute calculatione. C She had come from Mainhurst to Mel- t bourne, and taken up her residence in p quiet suburban lodgings-a little cottage crammed in tightly between two pompous. ' looking red brck structures, and wearing a on its every post and paling, door and I window, the garnish- and vivid cheap t colouring that city homes delight in; but E the geraniums arranged so neatly in the h four-yard- equare front garden in which v two nude and attenuated poplars kept i sentry, erect and martial-looking, in either c corner, the musk-scented clean window- a ourtains and pretty creeper of pale passion i flower interlacing the frame of wood-work n at the sunny end of the verandah, where I a cage full of tiny twittering canaries r swung in its green shade, all made Theodora declare in its favour; then too, it t had only one other boarder, so the u advertisement said-and that was a recom mendation to her. - The air of homeliness that marked the outside of the house pervaded its whole F interior, and Theodora felt glad to rest her journey-tired limbs on the little white- I draped bed in the centre of her room. Everything was unpretending and inen- 1 pensive, withal so neat and luxurious that t she felt quite pleased with her selection s of a home. In the parlour was a sweetly-tuned Bord v piano, at which she found herself seated 1 and.playing in the evening after her rest. c She had never played since the beginning I of her uncle's illness at Gurra, and it augured well that she could do this now 1 on the first day of her arrival in her new home. But one piece touched her. and 1 revived the old feeling-it had always t stirred her in the old days, had always E given birth to the restlessness which had < been her greatest trouble. "I should not have played that," she said with a tearful smile. She would not let the weakness come, but hurriedly broke into a lively valso. Before many bars were played a heavy I shadow before the window made the grey evening shades in the room grow snd- I denly denser, and Theodora turned her head with the feeling that someous was stlading 2 Ihre., "I beg your pardon, but will you play that delightful morceeat over again ?' She did not fuel afraid or surprised. She did not ses hersell who it was, but, feeling the subtle aecurity of the friendship and kinship of a nature so sympathetio that it equirad to her that, her favourite over again she played. A sweet dreamy opening sag stive to the listener of a balmy evening etween the lights, when the birds are silent and only the syft breeze rustling among the flower, with the tiakle and bubble of a distant atreamlot to be heard at times be. tween the random twitters of a sleepy nest ig-oitser and sweeter it grew till the dellolously resfalI feeling creeping over the eenes is suddenly psained and alarmed by the mournful cadences and dirge-like sad. inea that Succeeded. A weirdness of sound, 1e though is were the subdued breathing of a domed soul, seemed to fill the little shaded room, and the black-robed girl with the faint iht itom the window falling on her white fo and illuniined eyes, wove with deft gagers every imaginary detail of the reepeo 'ie Plt1re0--Halm, happy evening, and black, gloomy nsight. It was realistic sound SThest was silest e of a few moments alter last nots, ad Theodorea, her tired hands alen to herlap was only remembering that thre was someone In the room who haed :5ked the to play, whea the man, aivanoing eim tbe shadow, ateopk a match and applied itto the sgssiaer. Stauding under its lghhasee they looked at each other-" She SI lady, an arlioste, with the face of a seraph, and the touch of a Mozart," he thought. And ae, loolking at the tall, spare form and re oled old aoe, said to heroell: 'What le, aleverold gentleman I A foreigner, and lnd of music. Mrs, andsi's other boarder, I suppose." By what speties of 'mental erlthmetie Psople can thus sum each ether up is as yet saon en to the educated world-it in not ano or logo, it is simply intuition. The a'l-entanssehip begun under sueh peculiar oinal anoes ot time and oceaiogn bo?l.?m one of the necessary sooompaniments of Theodore's after.life, Mr. Bostin was, he would himself say, a oitizen of the world; he had lived every. where, but had no partioular nationality, having been born of English father and Polish mother In France. With him, if he had any leaning, Franoe was pa panrie. Olever, edneated and a thorough Bohemian In taste and hbblts, he had been all over the beaten tracks in the old world, rand spent many years both in the United States and 1 South America. While youth and wealth lasted, it was very enjoyable, he told her one day--" but now in my old age here am I, poor and friendless, living in this way, end employed like every sixteen-year-old jack. anapes in counting up figures. What matter for me, I have seen all, I am old I But you, dear Mies Vail, with your attain ments, and that sweet singing bird in yoear throat, and-shall I make you vain F that facoe like an angel's; you must make no mistake with your life. Tell me why you nre here."' "Because I am poor and friendless," she answered. "Not friendless now. I too have no friends, not one in the world; then let us be friends to each other, we will help' eaoh other. You have the gift of song, I have the appreciation of it, and the knowledge of its patrons, and purchasers, and I also have the venturesomeness to bring your muoic to their counters." "Mr. Roetin you are going to be the protector and friend I want I had made up my mind to do as you say, to turn my voice to account, but I did not know how to begin-what to do. Surely it was fate that sent me here.' • " You say you came here because it looked home-like and pretty--h, my dear child, it had not these recommendations when I come, it had no attracsotions to offor me, but its cheapness end quiet. A few geraniums and plants, the canaries, and a little advice to Mrs. Randal anent the window draperies eto,, did the rest; so I was the fate that brought you here young 1 lady.'" 'heodora looked round the little parlour with its bright fire, tiny glittering tea. table, and cosily drawn blinds, then at the refined old faes, with its thin grey hair, and 'bright dark eyes, and smiled. "Beally Mr. Bstis it is so. Your love of the beautiful evinced in those arrangements attreoted me, but we are balanced for my playing brought you to me." 1 "Your playing, yea, but I had not heard you seog, 'Miss Dark Eyes. You have a fortune in your voice I" His face lighted up and his utterance o rew rapid in his on. thuesasm, as he eontinued: "Let me tell you how you can make it. Madame Lornely takes popils, only such as you, that want but her megio touch to make them stare in the music world on their first appearance. I have still a few aoquintanuees in the higher h circles, I ill court their favour, and, at the proper time, through their influence, you will a be introduced to the great million-mouthed Argus-eyed public. Ii is like an insatiable monster ever crying out for new food which it seldom eats- only tastes and throws away for newer morsel; it is fastidious- murderously so-but you could not pall on it the taste even of euch a dragon as the oilty public," g Theodora'a days were well oonopied now. "I am eharpeningmy weapons," siheeea d to say to herself as she ang in Madame y Lo sely' rooms or accomanlied herself on a the little piano in Mrs. Randal's parlour. She would sit or walk about in her room for hours, too, with a deep wrinlle across her white forehead, the dark, eager eyes search- a ing intently the poge of composition of some of the great master minds of the age-for she possessed the oiftof elocution in a marked degree, and thio, too, she e meant to be a source of bred-winning. ii In the evening she would sing, play, or G read to her friend and Mr. Rostin, his sensitive ear quick to note the rapid tendency to almost perfection of sound and h utterance in the girl's singing and deolae mation, and was delighted with her pro- e gross. rI wilInot read, I:will recite it with the b proper accompaniments of gesture," she would say; " a bookis de trop,I am not k half satisfied with myself when I read." iI The calm, inspired face, with its depth- I les eyes, and the graceful life-like anotion that almost told the poet's tale without the b words, and these, given with thrilling pathos in a richly modulated and musical voice. Itwag a sight that ma and woment having once seen would pioture and dream of for years after, so oMkr. Rostin told himself. Miness Vail, your singing is heavenly, but your declamatory powers will, I think, avail you more in the eyes of the world. But you are too earnest, too real. See, there are tears in my eyes, and I in my single self represent thousands; for how- e ever different in degree of feeling, all take common ground in reoponding to poetry- and living poetry like that." Her eyea dilated with pleasure. "Are you sure you are not over- estimating me I Mind, the test is near; I am to appear on the 13th, and I am almost penniless. Madame Lornely and Mres. Randal between them have taken all my money with the exception of the oost of those dresses that you said I must buy. ABh, hMr. Rostin, if I should fail" t' "I do not fear for you." On the night of the 13th a now canto trice' was advertised to appear, and Melbourne theatce-gooro flocked eagerly to hear her. No one knew her but by repute.E It was said she had a lovely face to match her voice, so they expected an eye and ear treat combined. When she came before them they wore notdisappointed- aslender girl, dark.eyed, and spiriltuell, but nervous. or appearance juatifold all thae had been said of hor, but this nervousness will tell against her, they decide. Quietly and patiently they waited for the first note. With a dead-white face and terror-strained eyes she looked oncoround the house, then made an almost superhuman effort, but the sinuging birdin her throat was dumb the over tension on her nervous, sensitive nature had killed it, and without one sound-for she would not sing discordantly -oshe bowed her head gravely and left the stage. No use for the manager to rail and scold, ,no use for poor chagrined IMr. Rostin to coax and urge. They mightscnd her back before those expcotant, merciless hundreds of faces, but she could not sing, she said. She could not. She never sang again, for the notes of the upper register never came bock to her. Theodora Vail lay for many weeks in her little room at lire. lundal's, ill of brain fever. 'thus hod culminated all her anxiety, oil her ambitious dreams, and all her toils. 0 CIIAPTEB V. i L'OnD E Dno JOUn. Arvun the burning loser had left her and the days of reterning sonwalesnencO sue. seeded, Theodore would lie and think it all over --her childhood with her ysoug mother, t her father's grave, Wlllls's going away, Eest Ouora days when lif In her bush home had r been so beauttal~ that drive with her noah a when p hbad asked her opinlon and advise, what she had said and bow he came home ailing and hopeless, and how she had seen him die. They had all died, her mother, father, Willie, and uncle; and she asked herself bitterly why she was left. Then the piOiure of that night as she stood before the sea of faces in the theatre with her destiny slipping through her trembling fingers and the voice mute in her throat; it would recun again and again with vivid distinotness, and it had a peculiarly atimulating effect upon her, "If I only could have sung, how they would hive sheered and clapped, eand gone home raving of me. They will do It yet," she would say, with the old flash of resolve in her eyes, " I will get strong quickly, and Mr. ostlin most not help me this time, I want to fight my battle by myself as I said at Gurra I would. I must never be weak again or let myself fl" .' And as each day brought uher back physical strength, at did not lessen the gesulution in her. One day, when the sun warmed the cottage with his soft rays, and the little canaries twittered merrily in their corner, Theodora cloed the little gate on them, and with subdued anticipation in her eyes,, and a suspicious fold round her mouth. which meant resolution, she went by her self to seek what she wanted. Old Mr. Bostin w seaway in his offie, and no one else in the world knew or cared to know of her errand. Yes, there was Bessie, she remembered compunctiously. " If I am unsuccessful, I will advertise for her-no I will not, she is so warm. hearted, poor child, it would only grieve her. No I will be utterly friendless and poenniless if this mission hbe unauccessful but oh, I trust I will be spared another humiliation, I could not survive it," she whispered to herself, as she went hurriedly on her way through the crowded streets, noticing no one and nothing. Though beauty and grace could be found on every side, many a wondering look followed the tall slender girl, for Thoodoro Vail if a living poem of beauty in her bush loneli. ees0 and bush surroundings lost none of it in the city; she had a distfingu air, and the poetic beauty of her eyes and face had become, if anything more marked and refined of late. In the evening she walked back through the same streets and in the same thought rapt manner, but this time there was a happy, satisfied look in her eyes, and the lips were released from their erst hard set ting and were folded into their natural sweet bat serious curving. She had been suoesee fni in her negotiations with the theatre manager, and was to give her first reading in the course of a month-" perhaps sooner," he said. "I will try and arrange for you to come on as soon as this piece is off the boards. Could you be readyin two weeks f Now sell could tell her old friend, and how he would rejoice with her inher hopes of fame and independence. "For of course I will be a suneees," she said. Mr. Roatin endorsed her words in his half. foreign sanguine way. " Of couee you will be a sunccess, you would not disappoint the ogre again, why, it would tear you to pieces. Recitations and readings are d i'ordre dujour--everybody will go to hear you, and few will recognise the little bird that could sing, but wouldn't sing for them. This time you will appear under your own name you say, I am glad it is so, and I am all eagerness to witness your triumph, my little dark.eyed girl of strong will and independset spirit." Bessie came one morning when Theodora a was rehearsing, and waited in the little cottage parlour. Waited running to the gate to louk out, talking to the canaries, 1 trying the piano, uech a whirl of restlessa expectation she was. "Oh, my own Pansy, to think of your living in a poky little place like this after Gnrrs, and your having been ill, and, worse than all, there is your name all over the newspapers, and stuok up on bills; that's how we found you out, Papa, Dave, and I. It was such work I I never could have done it, only for Dave, and he wanted to wait and see you so much, but I wouldn't let him." Seeing Theodora's blankness. "Oh, I forgot II am to be married, you know, next month, or sooner, if I like, and it will be sooner now that I've found you, Pansy. Dave has taken a house in St. Kilda, and we will all live together-it will be glorious I Oh, Pansy, don't smile in that way, as though you think Iam talking t nonsense; it looks as if you humour me in that grand, superior way you've got." l And Theodora bad to kiss the fair, pouting face, and explain that she under stood that it was all thorough earnestness -but wasn't Dave to be consulted P f " Of course, I consulted him long ago, and we agreed that we would wait till we found you, for I knew you would keep your promise, and I wouldn't be married unless you were with me, Pansy." " Dave" was David Campion, a young lawyer whom legal business with Lawyer Bruce had sent on a trip from Melbourne to Mainhurst. He at once succumbed to Bessio's charms, and an immediate engage ment wad entered into. Her Quixotic notions regarding her lost friend alter- I nately annoyed and amused Mr. Campion, but he warmly appreciated the sweet kind ness of her nature that gave birth to them. The night came again for Theodora Vail to stand under the gaslight beforo the eager.eyed multitude. She bore herself with graceful courage, and her calm, en thuslastic faooe added so much reality to her translation that she carried every sense and feeling with her, ovary single nervein the hundreds of bodies before her thrilled and responded to the magnetism of her voice and power. Utter silence followed her exit, then one involuntary and simultaneous "Bravo I" broke from evory throat. She mustoome before them again. They thundered for her reap pearance. She came, not smiling and kissing her hand as one of the profession always responds to a recall, in the falla cious belief that thus only can she testify her appreciation of the honour; but calmly and steadily, with the same look of impassioned vehemence still on her face and shadowing her eyes, she came, all un smiling, and bent her head in stately response. This was unexpected, and quiet of a moment followed; then they understood and pronounced it capital I Splendid f She had never lost her identity, smiling, bonding, and hand-klising, would have un linked nor from her ost. In her strangely pathello way she had thrilled and awakened their deepest feeling by her rendering of one of the wildest and most traglo poems in our language, and souh a change of expres sion and demeanour would have made the feelings of even the least susceptible reooil and fall bank to their sources. Naturally we inoline to the pleasant, and it is often a wondrous relief to see a gloomy tragedy queen who has laboured through the terrors and trials of three long mots, reappear with dimpling fans and beaming eyes. We are glad to find that she has put all her woes somewhere behind the scenes, at the same time, it takes the grando finale off her work, and adds a broad dash ol farce, spoiling the Smoat realistio tragedy. She had fought her battle, as she had said at Garr& she would, I and conquered ; and with every nw evdence of her flme, with yeery feslh ovatlon, she fel herself conoceive newer and higher sm blilons; an unsatisfied eraving for falerl scope and newer fields, took possession of her. It was inborn in her, this hunger for something, she could give it 0 no name; she cared nothing that her name was on every tongue and always mentioned e with respeot and admiration, though she felta pleased that she had secured independence d of livelihood by her talents. She had feltc this dissatlsfacion with herself at Gurrs; her uncle had always accounted for it by over-study and insongruous reading, she hade herself thought it arose from want of par pose from inaction and that ocoupatioe would be its cure; yet, here it was again. r One day wRhis reading olrsessely, these words caught her attention: While fame stands by ua all alone she is an angel clad In light and strength, but when love touches her she drops her sword and fades away ghost-like end ashamed." "I wonder If. it will be so with me," she said. Bessie was marrind a few weeks after that day of finding her friend in Mrs. Bandsl's cottage, and Theodore yielding to their per siatent urginas took Op her abode with Mr., and Mrs. David Campion in their new home. Bessie was so proud of her friend's eno cesses and delighted in her new matronly honours beausnae she ounld be 6f some service to her as chaperone. The young people always went with her when she gave a reading, and with these vigilant guardians, and old Mr. Rostin who never tailed to be at the door waiting her arrival, few or none could approach. They said of her that she was proud, reserved, and held herself too mnuch aloof, such uneooiability would be a clog on her new reputation, she would never become a favourite. Thoedora did not know-she had had few associates inher life at home, and now she desired fewer; though she was kindly and gracious to those who had the good fortune to come within the circle of her guard of honour, and make her acquaint ance. _ "Pansy likes people, or she doesn't like them," Mrs. Campion said in her delici ously explicit way to her husband, when he was receiving his instructions, "so just introduce a few of the sort that she will like, and let Mr. Rostin pick them, he knows better than you." One night near the end of her engage ment, Beeesie could not come as usual, for a telegram had come from Hugh Campion, Dave's brother, whe owned a small stock station in Queensland, saying he was coming to Melbourne, he would arrive that night with a friend, and as he was anxious to see his new sister-in-law, he would go straight to St. Kilda. Bessie decided that Dave must escort Theodora, and she would stay at home for this abrupt self-invited brother-in-law, who had the reputation of being the most reckless horne-breaker, and wildest bush- rider for miles around his interior Queensland home. " If your brother doesn't look a Goth, and comes early, I'll take him and his friend to hear Theodora, so seoure our old seats if you can, Dave." CHAPTER VI. Tri house was crammed, and Theodora looked at the packed rows of faces before her, a quiet, steady look over the house, up to Besaeie's place. Besaie always expected that look, and waited for it; she told the gentlemen so, and they, too, watched and waited. Dave's brother was much like him in appearance, only sunburnt and more strongly built. SMr. Rostin was there, and Dave sitting beside Bessie; but Theodore's glance e ewept over and past them, resting steadilya on Hugh's Queeneland friend who, at that instant was standing straight and tall behind Bessie. She did not mean to look at him more than at the others; it was usual for her to look there at Bessie, and, knowing the visitors were with her, she i naturally looked for them, too; but, look- I ing,;she saw only one face. Adark, proud face with long, drooping moustache; eyes large, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met that flash from hers. Eyes are not conventional, they wait for no introduction, but flash out recognitions broadcast, and acknowledge kinships with beings whose names may never be known. So it is said of them. With her usual earnestness and en; thusiasm, Theodora gave her reading. Everything was just the same-Bessie was before her, beaming and smiling Mr. 1 Bostin, with kind encouragement and fatherly interest, watchedas was his wont; all the hundreds of hungry-eyed, expeotant faces were as usual, but she cared nothing for them. That one face thatlooked down at her over Bessie's fair head stirred her, and she wanted to look up again. Obedient to this unusual prompting, she did so. Once, in a quiet, thrilling pause, when a pulseless silence was through and all over the house, she swept an upward glance to the dark faco that watched her like the others-still and expectant, but with aroused energy and interest in those proudly-drooped eyes. During the interval he listened. He knew Mrs. Campion would talk, and that Hugh would ask her questions. "Yes, her real name is Theodore Vail. Theodora is too stiff and heathenish a name for me, so I call her Pansy. Her uncle always called her so, on account of her eyes." He smiled approvingly under his long moustaoho as he remembered the vielvety softness and dark purple colouring which that upward glance showed, and decided that they were the most wonderful eyes that he had over seen. Palo, save for a faint tinge that excite ment had worked into her cheeks, and standing beside Bessio'as ehrlnclngly and' shyly modest as though no crowd of men and women had just hung breathlessly on every word, as It left her lips, Maurico Sutherland met her on the stairs in the glare of the gaslight. Dave Campion introduced them : " My brother, a wild Queensland settler, Pansy, come here for a taste of oivilisation, and this is Hugh's friend, Mr. Sutherland, also from Queensland, and on business in Melbourne," They did not say much to each other -eyes had said enough, and Theodora knew by the indefinable sensation that took possession of her, mind and body, that this was the man she was to love. Beassie, always amiable and kind, made the visit so agreeable that Hugh and his friend stayed longer than they at first intended. HMarice Sutherland stayed because he was learning to love this gifted, dark-eyed girl, who could talk with him so earnettly and deeply; and, as he said to his friend, " It's a new thing to find a girl that cao talk ;" or, if he asked for musie, could play his senuses into transport. SBy her impassioned voice and solemn presence she could hold thousands spell bound, yet not a merry joke of Bessio's over feoll throughfor want otholpfromTheodora; she was ever ready to enter into every amusement however trifling, and lend her smiling aid in entertaining. Her happy Slaugh at Hgh's rasey baush stories was a Streat to sBessle BHsh's were ssrrh Stdsem I Hundreds of them and given with ladlorousn imltations and spine-shakings of comical clang expresslons. He wus the pet of the house, and could extend his brawny length on the beet oounhee, and bury his sun mrned faoe among Bessle's prize oushion- even was at times found with heels on th window.sill, smoking his long pipe in th drawing-room, where Dave's dalutie ligarettes had been forbidden. Mr. Bosti a spent many evenings with them; when hn same he always took possession of Theodora~ she should pour his tea out for him, too, The old man liked to see the slender hbnds. fixing the caps and waiting on him, it reminded him of the days at Mrs. Bandal' where she learned his tea peouliarities. Everything was so different with The? dora that she often wondered if she could really be the same girl of the Gara days and the anxious student of that advent foreranoning the night of woeful failure. She always thought of it when Mr. Bostin came, but he would never let her speak olit. The last night of her appearance same, and for this night Maurice Buthsrland waited. Bessae told Theodora all she could glsan from Dave and Hugh of him and his life. In the privaey of her room, Theodora, brsh ing her long; gold-brown hair, listened to Bessle, who sewed busily as she talked, tongue and needle keeping a dead heat. "Hugh has known him four years, all the time they've been together in Quesens land. Hugh thinks him a fine fellow. He was jilted by a cousin al'home: he was to have been married to the girl when he was twenty- one, but she married someone else, and Hugh says he has never spoken a dozen times to any one woman sinoe, and that's fifteen years ago-of course, I mean till now, Pansy. I guessed there was something llike that in his life ; he wouldn't be so elever and synical, if he hadn't hated women and taken to studying. Don't get so red, dear, you needn't care about the cousin, that was such a long time ago." " I'm not thinking about the cousin, Bessie, I'm thinking how lonely it will be for me, for all of us, when they go away, and that will be to-morrow." " Oh, Pansy, you're not thinking of poor Hugh at all, nor of our loneliness, that's all sham, you are thinking only oel that dark naturnine.looking king of yours, Isn't it The blushes deepened, and she brushesd her hair the other way to bide them, as she weakly answered, ' Yes." "Pansy, dear, I don't think you quite understand the sort of man he is. Your ambitions would have to give way altogether to his dreadlul pride and he holds such strange notions and prejudioes, why, dear, he is full of faults-" "Beease, don't. He has none to me. The king can do no wrong 1" As he folded the white woollen wrap round her head and shoulders as they stood for the last time under the gaslight of the stage stairway, Maurloe Sntherland looked down at her sweet young face and dark upraised eyes and felt that he could not go without telling her. He stooped, his tong moustache brushing the bright hair on her forehead, and whispered: "Theadora, could you leave this for me ?" "For you, Maurice, yes." " And, think well, darling, would you ever regret It?" The glowing face in its fleeoyp owl was laid softly against his oost.sleeve. " No, because I love you, Maurice." Nestled in her lover's arms and listening to his low volse and avowals of love she felt all her restless longings and eager ambitions vanish into ambient air, and the words' she had read came before her mind in the midst of her happy thoughts, forcing themselves, as it were, on her recognition. "Listen, Maurice, I read these words weeks ago and wondered if they could be true, now I know they are, ' While fame stands by us all alone she is an angel elad in light and strength, but when love touches her she drops her sword and fades away ghost-like and ashamed.'" 