A LEAF FROM DR. COPES NOTE BOOK. F you please doctor, do come—for the love of Heaven, do come ! ' This agonising appeal haunts me even yet. It is five years ago since it happened, and the face and tones of the speaker still clings tenaciously to my memory. So spake Dr. Cope, partly to himself and partly in answer to an inquiry of his friend Charley Parham as to whether he (the doctor) could not tell them something romantic or mysterious in connection with his own professional experience. It was Christmas Eve, and Charley, an old college chum of the doctor's, was spending the holidays with him and his charming wife. And this evening they were cosily sitting round the fire in the cosiest of parlours. The table was well supplied with the season's fruits ; there was also a dainty little urn containing hot fragrant coffee, for the doctor and his wife were pledged teetotalers. They had been talking of college days and of old friends ; the hostess had sung for them the plaintive little fong, 'Far awav,' because as she remarked, it was apropos to their conversation. Charley had even favoured them with a ghost story that he had once heard a great-uncle tell at a Christmas party. And now his question, simple and natural as it was, seemed to pull the doctor up short, as a sudden pull at the check rein will pull up a festive steed. As the doctor, after a few moment's reflection, uttered the words with which this sketch opens, a look of pleasure spread over the face of his wife, but it was as quickly replaced by one of sadness. Drawing her chair dose to that of her husband, and taking his hand between her own soft little palms, she said, ' If it pains you, Cecil, do not speak of it.' ' It does not pain me, my own darling,' said the doctor, 'but when Charley asked that question, the whole affair suddenly rushed to my memory. ' I certainly do feel a little sad at the recollection of it, but then I also remember that out of evil came forth good—at least, as far as my own unworthy self is concerned.' A playful and loving tap on the cheek was the only answer of the little wife. During this conversation between the husband and wife, Charley was wondering what mine he could have sprung, or what soft tender chord he had inadvertently touched to produce what seemed to him mingled pain and pleasure to his friends. ' Upon my word, Cecil. I must apologise—' he began, when the doctor interposed. ' No, no, old fellow, there is no need. ' I ought, perhaps, to thank you for if your question does recall a somewhat painful incident, it also reminds me that through that incident I possess an angel of a wife.' ' You certainly do put me upon the qui vive with your mysterious talk ; one would almost imagine that you and your fair wife had robbed a church, or something worse even. Come now, let me hear the conclusion of the whole matter—you certainly have excited my curiosity.' ' Well, then, Charley, for my story, but you will find it neither interesting nor mysterious —it will not even rise to the level of an ordinary Christmas story. All the interest and meaning, of course, are for the principal actors —myself and dear Fanny here. ' It is five years ago this very night, for it was Christmas Eve, I was just preparing to retire to rest. Old Hannah had bolted and barred, and made all secure some two hours before, and I remained to read the tales and sketches in the Christmas number of the GOOD TEMPLARS' WATCHWORD. Having finished this interesting and popular, paper, I turned the light down, when suddenly the surgery bell was pulled several times very violently, which made echo all over the house. I hastened to the door, but as soon as I opened it a gust of wind blew out the lamp. I could see nothing, but I could hear the clear voice of a woman, apparently very young, for it was soft and musical even in its agony and entreaty. ' If you please, doctor, do come—for the love of Heaven, do come!' ' Just wait till I get a light—but there, come inside ; it is not fit for a dog to be out such a night as this. There—so—I will be back directly.' To go to my study and re-light the hand-lamp was but the work of a moment, and then returning to my strange and untimely visitor, I noticed she was a lovely girl about 18 or 19 years of age. She was of the middle height, with a slim but elegant figure, an oval face, luminous dark eyes, and black hair, which hung in short ringlets. " You smile, Charley, I suppose, at my taking such notice. Well I further saw that she was very slenderly clad for such a miserable cold night. " 'Who is ill ?' I asked, 'or what do you want, with me?' " 'It is my father, sir' she replied. 'He was brought home two hours ago with both his legs broken.' " 'Where do you live? I inquired ; but remembering that every moment was precious, I bade her lead on and I would follow. ''Hannah's cloak hung on a peg in the hall, so i took it and threw it over the young girl's shoulders. She seemed at first inclined to re- fuse it, and so resent my freedom; but when the door was opened and the wind came howling in, she retained it. "We started, but what a wet, miserable, cold night! None of your old-fashioned Christmas about it. It had been raining all the evening, with a steady drizzling rain making the pavements greasy with slush, and the wind too, had gone on increasing in strength and fury, that so it was with the greatest difficulty one could make headway. nearly an hour's walk we arrived at house and I was at once shewn upstairs, entering the room I saw laid on the bed a about 50 years of age. He was the wreck of a man. Drink had made sad havoc with a once comely and intellectual countenance. But judge of my astonishment when I recognised in this unfortunate man a tem- perance lecturer and orator whom I heard some 10 years before. In fact, it was owing to his eloquent tirade against the abominable drink traffic and its awful effects that I was induced to sign the pledge and become an abstainer. "I can hardly describe my feelings when I saw this man laid so low, knowing what he had been. I cannot tell you the cause of his fall, but here were the results. Both his legs broken, and even now he was in a drunken, delirious condition, unconscious of all that was going on around him. " The policemen who had brought him home said that he had attempted to cross the street when a dashing chariot was passing by, and that when in the middle of the road he reeled and fell. The wheels of the carriage passed over both legs and snapped them like a stick. " I remained that night with the poor fellow, watching and hoping,early the next morning he passed away—a victim to the greatest curse now rampant—drink. " I was called upon to attend his daughter —whom you have already guessed was Fanny here. I attended her for about six weeks, and had the unspeakable pleasure of being the instrument in God's hands of pulling her through a most dangerous attack of fever On her complete recovery we became friends. Friendship soon ripened into love, and in twelve months after her poor father's death Fanny became my wife. ' You see, Charley, there is nothing very interesting in it, at least to you.' ' Well, Cecil, I am not a teetotaler, as you know ; but I am induced to become one after hearing your recital. And I solemnly pledge myself now, with you and your wife as witnesses, never to taste intoxicating liquor again.' Come now,' said Dr. Cope, ' my little tale has been productive of some good, it would appear, and I feel very grateful for it. God grant that the time may speedily come when this great curse of drunkenness may be removed from our land.' 