CRICKET NOTES. [By Coyerpoint.] The great topic of conversation this week has been the return intercolonial match between Victoria and New South Wales, and next week I suppose the match between the All-England Eleven and the Com bined team, which is now proceeding, will be claim ing universal attention. To say that the intercolonial match has created a sensation would be to say too little. It was generally expected that the Victorians would find they had all their work cut out for them, anil there were many who predicted that the tables would be reversed, and that Sydney would win easily. No one, however, 'antici pated that the Cornstalks would run up such a tremendous score as 775, or that Murdoch would perform such a wonderful feat as to score 321 runs —a feat unequalled in the colonies. It is impos sible to speak too highly of his performance. He simply did what he liked with the bowling, and scored in a most brilliant manner that won the encomiums of friends and opponents alike. The wager he is reported to have made, I should say, was a piece of fudge, as there is the mark of improbability on the face of it. Then Garrett made also a wonderful score, and Jones topped the century. The wickets must have been perfect in this innings or such' great scoring would have been impossible against the Victorian bowling. I believe this total of 775 is the greatest ever recorded in a match of any pretensions. The East Melbournes some two years ago made 742 againstan eleven from Tasmania, and Horan was credited with 250, not out, made without giving a chance. Horan's feat was surpassed by his club companion, Gaggin, who made 254 in a second-rate match in Melbourne. Probably the largest score ever made in the colonies was that recorded in a third-rate game in Sydney. No less than 1,200 were put on, the game occupying six Saturdays. On July 13, 1881, in a match at Gam bridge, Mr. AV. N. Hoe scored 415, not out, the total for four wickets being 708. On the same day a match was played between Mr. Fellowes' eleven and Huntingdonshire, when 607 runs were registered, 404 of which had been scoredbetore a wicket fell. Mr. AV. F. Forbes got 331, and Viscount Hornby 123. The leviathan batsman of England has had some large innings to account for. His highest scores have been 400 (not out) against twenty-two of Grimsby, 341 against Kent, and 318 (not out) against York shire. Mr. Tylecote is credited in the annals of English cricket with a score of 404 (not out). There have been other large scores chronicled, but those 1 have mentioned will be sufficient to enable my readers to institute comparisons with the intercolo nial game. It is a wonder the Victorians did not altogether lose heart, but they worked together very pluckily, and it is satisfactory to know that the fielding of some of the men lias been spoken of in most complimentary terms. No less than ten bowlers tried, and 1,592 balls were delivered during the inningsoftheNewSouthAVelshmen. AVithSpofforth against then£— the Demon for some reason or other playing after all—the Victorians were thought not to have the ghost of a chance. Tnanks to Palmer, McDonnell, Bonnor, and Slight they made a gallant stand, scoring 315 runs. In the second innings, Horan, who in his first essay went out for a duck, made 102 in splendid style, without a chance. Blackham got 96 by 'careful play, and a ball from Garrett, which rolled gently from his pad on to his' wicket, put a stop to further offensive operations on his part. Baker ran up 14 while Horan was adding two twos and a single, but Garrett disposed of him and Slight in one over, the latter not scoring. Turner, who was not out for 41, gave four chances, one to Spofforth at long-slip, one to Garrett off his own bowling, and two difficult ones to Murdoch at the wickets. The fielding of the New South AVales team greatly improved in the second innings, and the bowling of Jones, Garrett, Evans, and Spofforth was the feature of the day. The wicket was broken up by continuous play, and nothing but patient batting could have rim up such scores as 315 and 322. Horan received a hit from the ball over the region of the heart and felt the effects for some time after, although keeping at the wicket. Fresh wickets were provided each innings, but on account of the dry weather and the small amount of ground available for good'• pitches (a portion of the ground having been reserved for the combined match) only five or six feet separated them. The Victorians were defeated in one innings by 138 runs, and thus ended a match which will Jong be remembered. 'Jhe match between members of the Post and Telegraph offices and the press, or properly speaking the Jiegister office, would have been ren dered more interesting had the team put forward on behalf of the fourth estate been more represen tative. The Jiegister cricketers, however, following in the wake of the three tailors of Tooley-street, who fondly believed they were possessed of all the wisdom of the world, evidently imagined that they in themselves were sufficiently representative of the press of the colony to need much help from other offices, and as a result, with the exception of Den ness and McKee, the whole of the press eleven hailed from the Jiegister office. I am informed that the Advertiser players held aJoof because they considered the claims of their office had been somewhat slighted. A team was chosen by a member of the Her)Liter literary staff before they were consulted in the matter, and the eleven consisted of eight Jiegister and three Advertiser men, two of the latter being;by no means the best cricketers the establishment could produce. As this was evidently not the intention of Mr. O. Todd, C.M.G., when he proposed the mxtch, anil the personnel of the team was not further altered than to place Sane on the emergency .list, it was considered better that the Advertiser players should drop out of the match, and this was accordingly done. If the match, as has been stated, was intended as a compliment to Giffen, our representative in the Australian Eleven could not not have been much flattered when he saw what a meagre attendance there was on the Oval. He may, however, be assured that when he plays here on the return of the Eleven after a victorious career in the old country and with a big average to show, he will be welcomed with all possible heartiness. I may men tion that Giffen leaves for Sydney on -Monday. The match between the All-England Eleven and the Australians will he played at Sydney on .March 3, 4, 6, and 7. I am informed that Jesse Hide has had an invita tion from the Surrey club, which must be highly gratifying to him as a recognition of his abilities as a' cricketer. He has been asked to go home this season to play for Surrey, a very liberal offer having been made him. He would be enabled to get back in plenty of time for the opening of the cricket season here. He has not yet decided whether to apply to our association for the necessary .leave or not, but I am sure if he goes all cricketers will be glad to see him revisiting the old country for a little while, and will wish him every possible luck in the matches he plays there. The only difficulty would he in the matter of looking after the ground, hut Hide would be able to return to Adelaide in time to get the wickets in good enough condition for onr cricket season. The Hindmarsh team have decided to play Green and Tolley for the rest of the season in place of Hill and Tidy. At the beginning of the season I expressed some surprise that Green should have been left out of the first eleven, and I am glad to find that he is coming back to the Oval. Tolley has been doing well for the second eleven, his batting average so far being something like 26, while Be has been a successful bowler. Hill has not borne out the hopes that were expressed when he first made his appearance on the Oval. Tidy camefromthesecondeleven withabigaverage, buthe has done little or nothing in the batting line for the first team. Last season iie showed himself a capital field, but he has not been so smart this year, and Carew Chittieborough has left him a long way behind. I suppose there would be few cricketers who would not have been glad to have learnt that Jarvis had been picked to go home with the Australian Eleven as well as Giffen. That his claims were con sidered by the promoters of the eleven I have good reason to know, but various considerations have prevented his being selected. Every fresh match on the Oval finds Jarvis improving in form, and he would have represented the colony most creditably in England. Taking the season right through he has had a run of bail luck, or probably we should have had two representatives in the third Austra lian Eleven. • It was surprising to see how few people there were on the Oval last Saturday. Time was when a match between the North Adelaide and Hinilmarsh Clubs would have called together an extremely large gathering of spectators. Surely the partisans of the Hindmarsh have not lost faith in their club! The principal features of the afternoon were the hatting of Stow, A\T. Slight, and Jarvis. Stow lias not been making large scores for his club this.season, hut on Saturday he was in rare fettle. He -hit freely to all parts of the field, mostly for threes, and his 51 was a most: serviceable contribution. The North Adelaide skipper after giving an easy chance to Norman settled down- to very careful play, his innings affording a splendid example of wnat pati ence can accomplish. Jarvis was fast becoming fixed for a long score, and was hitting with great freedom and dash, when ; to the annoyance of the spectators he was run out by Noel. The long han dicap was too much for the Hindmarsh, and on Thursday when the match was played out their last wicket fell when the total was 122 behind that.of the North Adelaides. Chittieborough went cheaply, and Arthur, who batted freely, did not add many to his previous score. King was in a long while for his runs, but his innings was very tiresome to witness." | The Norwoods soon finished their match with the Iients anil South Adelaides—indeed no.one could have dreamed of any other result. AVatling and Millwood got into double figures, but the general exhibition was, to use the expression of a spectator, " sick." This afternoon the matches to be played on the Oval are Hindmarsh v. Norwood and Kensingtons* v. North Adelaides. The Norwoods will piay with out Giffen, hut I understand thabtheteamiwill.be strengthened by the addition of H. Musgrove, of the Opera company, who is a member of the East Melbourne Club, anil that H.'A. Gooilen will' again play with the club. The intercolonial match between Victoria and South Australia will in all probability be com menced in Adelaide on March 10. The local asso ciation are now waiting a reply from Air. Chuck, secretary of the A'ictorian Association, on this point. The visiting team is not likely to be very strong, as the leading players will be wanted in the Australian Eleven, but I daresay a pretty. fairly represen tative lot will be sent over. The sooner the date f the match is definitely, fixed, so that the South A. ;..-ji eleven can be chosen, the better it will be. 