BESSIE'S MOTHER-IN-LAW. (Written for the " Christian Colonist."J "Oh, dear! I'm quite done up," sighed Bessie Howard, as she threw herself upon the sofa—and "done up indeed" she looked as she laid her head wearily back on the cushion and closed her eyes. And what do you suppose, dear reader, was the reason that Bessie was in this state? The cause was "over work;" the reason will not be difficult t« find, for hers is no uncommon case. Born in South Australia, Bessie, like many others, was not strong. Her pother, a vigorous, active Scotchwoman, was an exemplary housekeeper, and trained her daughters in habits of thrift. " Order was heaven's first law " aud "cleanliness is next to godliness " were two precepts so often on her lips that they became part of the family creed. What wonder then that when Harry Howard took Bessie to the cozy home be had n ared ands for could her make she took it. a "Harry pride in must keeping not it see as anything amiss, or what wonld he think?" So she nice scrubbed and dusted, planned and arranged, and her husband called her a model housewife. But a change ' came, and a fine baby boy brought more j oy, but also more care to his young mother, who did sot feel as strong as before. Bravely Bessie took np her new duties, and with less ability tried to do more work. Baby, of course, must be attended to, but so also must the housework, not one jot of the daily routine must be abated, and in her efforts to accomplish too much Bessie was in a fair way to be laid by from all work. On the morning on which our story opens Bessie had been scrubbing floors, not because they were dirty, but " because it was so long since they had been done that they really must need it;" so, with an energy worthy of a nobler cause, she set to work, hurrying lest baby might wake ere she had finished. But now the work was done, and the whole house from kitchen to parlor a picture of neatness and order; but at what a cost to the young mistress! Ah! and to all who depended on her for comfort and happiness. Fortunately her husband was from home, and baby still slept, so she had leisure now to find out how weak and weary she was aB she threw herself upon the sofa with the exclamation with which we introduced her to the reader. And I fear Bessie felt a little like a martyr as she thought of her morning's work, and her present weariness; but she had not Iain there many minutes when she was startled by a tap at the door, and before Bessie could rise the visitor had entered the room, and with one quick glance round took in the whole situation. " Why, what now, child ; what have you been about, you look like a ghost ? " " Oh 1 nothing much," answered Bessie, as she rose' to ^welcome, her , husband's mother—her first though being, "Thank goodness the floors are scrubbed"— rt only I am a •little tired." , , , •'Nothing, indeed! Don't tell me that you look half dead, when, with a healthy baby six months eld, you should be quite brisk. Lie down, child; I will go and take off my things, and then I must find out what Is the matter." . * . . Bessie was glad to obey; it seemed a comfort to be ordered by that kindly, energetic woman. Mrs. Howard went to the bedroom, as she said, to take off her bonnet, and before she returned to her daughterin-law she was sure she had the clue to Bessie's pale face and weary manner, and she determined if possible to amend matters. Harry, her firstborn, was the delight of his mother's heart, and the girl whom Harry loved was dear to her as being his wife; but besides this she had learned to love Bessie for her own sake, and her kind heart was grieved at what she now saw. " Where is Harry?" she asked, as she returned to Bessie. "Gone to the mill with wheat." " Ah! Then he won't be home till evening, and instead of taking the opportunity of resting when you had not to get dinner ready you have been working like ft s1eV6I" " Oh no, mother," said Bessie, with tears in her eyes, "I have only scrubbed the floors and cleaned up a little. You know the work must be done." "Must f And how long has my son Harry keen an Egyptian taskmaster? " said the old lady severely. ««Oh dear, no, you must not think I mean that, ' cried Bessie earnestly; "oh no, for he would rather 1 do it himself than let me if he knew; that's why I took the opportunity when he was away—I can't bear to let him see things out of order.' " Bessie," said the old lady solemnly, " did you not promise to honor and obey your husband ? Do you think you do either when you disregard his wishes ? " Her manner so surprised Bessie that she sat up and looked at her in astonishment. " Why, mother, I would not disobey Harry for the world, but surely you would not have me neglect my work ? " " Certainly not, child, but if you are not able to attend to your child, and do as much work as you did formerly, leaving it undone is not neglecting it. Your husband's happiness and comfort depend more upon the state of your health than the state of the house; and remember,« Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might as unto the Lord.' And to do that you must take every care of your own health. Don't think me hard, my child, but can you honestly feel that your work has been 'to the Lord' when you have spent all your strength on hoasework, and have none to spare for the child He has lent you to train np for Him. The first part of training is attention to his health, which must suffer if your's fail; and then your huBband, if he had seen you as I did, what pleasure could he take in the results of your labours? If you honestly look within, my child, I think you will find that, like too many of our sex, you have "mistaken priae for duty." " There," she added, after a pause only broken by Bessie's sobs, "What do you think of that for a ' mother-in-law's lecture ?' I am afraid I seem rather hard, but I only wish to do you good. I thought there was something wrong when Harry called last week, he looked so dismal, and said you did net get strong ; so, as Mrs. Giles, our neighbor, was coming this way and offered me a seat in her buggy, I thought I would come and see foi myself. Mrs. Giles will call for me in the afternoon. So now I am going to see about dinner.' " No, no! lie still," for Bessie began to rise hastily, " I shall find something for myself and you to." And with gentle but firm hand she replaced the weary head upon the pillow, and after tenderly kissing the flushed face, she bustled off to the kitchen, leaving Bessie to think over what she had said. "Had she in reality been ministering to pride, while she thought she had been doing her duty with a great amount of self-sacrifice ?" The idea was not pleasant, but Bessie was an honest Christian. She did not wish to cheat herself into the belief that an action or motive must be right because she thought it so. Alas! How many mistakes we make through not taking the gospel as our standard of right. Bessie was touched by the kindly sympathy ; and the tears she had shed relieved her, so that she felt rested and almost cheerful by the time Mrs. Howard returned with a tray laden with cups of tea, bread and butter, and new- laid eggs. " There," said she, placing it on the table, " is not that a dinner fit for a king ? I see, Bessie, you have not forgotten how to make good bread and butter; that is part of the work you must do, for good food is necessary to health. " I have been thinking " said Bessie. "Never mind what you have been thinking just now, my dear," interrupted the old lady. The work for the present is eating and drinking; mind you do it well. Lie still, and I will draw the table to you, and when you have finished we will hear about your thoughts, and if I am. not mistaken, somebody else is thinking too," she continued, as a rustling was heard in the cradle, followed by some infantine complaints. " Well, sir, you have been very good, but you will have to be content with grandma for a few minutes, till mamma has had her dinner.'* With all a grandmother's pride Mrs. Howard lifted and caressed the lovely child, who cooed and smiled up into the kindly face, which scarce looked old enough for a grandmother. " I ought to feel quite old," she said, " but instead of that I almost fancy I am young again, and this baby, my Harry, he is so like his father. I was so proud of Harry; 1 thought as you do now, that there never was such a baby. I learned a lesson then, BeBsie, that I want you to learn now, and that is ' To do the most important work well, and let other things slide.' " Bessie opened her eyes in amazement. " You," she exclaimed, "you let things slide. Why, I have almost been afraid of yon, because you are so particular." " Ah! my dear, that is a rock we are all in danger of splitting upon. For want of charity we measure others by ourselves, or else for want of light we think we are bound to do as others do, forgetting that circumstances alter cases. The man with two talents was not expected to gain ten. He did his best, and heard the loving ' Well done, good and faithful servant.' Wait till you are in my position before you try to do as I do." There was a 6hort silence, during which new thoughts came into the mind of the young wife and mother. "Must she indeed strike out a new line of conduct to suit her new duties? " That seemed to be what her mother-in-law meant. Instead of adding the new duties to the old routine, as she had been trying to do. When the meal was ended, Bessie felt better than she had done for some time, and insisted upon clearing the table, and when that was done she drew a low nursing-chair close to Mrs. Howard, and took the baby. But even with it in her arms, Bessie's hands were employed with sundry jobs of mending. When they were settled down, Bessie said, " I wish you would tell me, mother, how you. learned the lesson you want to teach me." " Willingly," said the elder lady, " and may yon profit by the telling. It was as I said when Harry was a baby like you. I had been taught to be very par-i ticular over my work, and like you, too, I was not strong, and I was injuring my health by over exertion, and that no doubt caused him to be very fretful. When not asleep he would cry to be nursed, and as I knew nothing about babies I let him get into bad habits. I can remember, as if but yesterday, how I »wed to rush about trying to get the work done while he slept, but he always seemed to wake just when the floor was half swept, the dishes half washed, or perhaps my hands in a pudding for dinner, and my meals bad to be regular to suit my husband's work hours. I could not bear to hear the child cry—he was my first, you know; I knew more when the last came—so I would take him on one arm, and try to do my work with the other. To make matters worse I had a neighbor, a dear, kind, motherly soul; she had no children at home; she did her own work, and her house was a pattern of neatness and comfort; she often ran in for a few minutes, and on busy days would sometimes take baby from me for hours. I loved her dearly, but, as you said of me, I dreaded to see her come in, for I felt sure she must think what a contrast my house was to hers; but one day I found how unjust I had been to her, and myself, too. It was a hot, trying day; baby was not well, and had kept me awake much of the night, and weary as I was from the beat and loss of rest, I had some difficulty in getting a decent dinner ready with the fretting child in my arms, and then had no appetite for it. When my husband was going out he said,' I see you must have a girl, or I shall lose you, and baby too.' That made me feel woiserfor we had not been in the colony long, and I knew we could ill afford more expense, and as I cleared away the dinner with one hand I could not help crying. The floor was swept in the same way, baby most of the time in the other arm, and I was dusting the room when I heard a tap at the door, and then it was opened by my very particular neighbor, Mrs. Gray. I began to apologise for myself and house, but was stopped short. ' It's quite time someone took you in hand,' she said,' and I am going to do it. Give me that duster;' and taking it from my hand, she seized the rocking-chair, dusted it, and bade me sit in it. "'There,' she said, 'rock that boy to sleep, and lie him down. Youare worse than he is, the rogue. Whendidyou eat anything ?' I explained. ' No appetite, indeed! and how are you to nurse that child without eating? I answered by beginning to cry again; I felt it went. Our houses were close together, and by the time I had done crying she was back with a jug of cocoa, and a paper parcel, which she opened and showed some nice biscuits; she put them on a plate, and poured out a cup of cocoa. "'There,' she said, 'put baby in the cradle, and take that while I finish the dusting.' I, of course, objected, but to no purpose. Mrs. Gray set to work, and told me to do the same. 'She bad a scolding for me,' she said, ' and I should need all my strength to bear it.' You may guess, Bessie, I wondered what was coming. I was surprised to find what an appetite I had got all at once; I thought I had never tasted such delicious cocoa and biscuits. When they had disappeared, so had the duster, and Mrs. Gray sat down beside me. "' My dear,' she said, ' I am afraid you are more like Martha than Mary.' 'How so?' .I asked; 'must not needful work be done?' 'Certainly; but there are so many opinions as to what is needful.' 'Then how can one know when one is right?' I asked. ' That is easily found out,' said Mrs. Gray, 'if one looks by the light of God's own Spirit.' ' I wish to do right,' I said, • if I knew how.' 'I am sure of that,' she answered, ' and perhaps I can help you. First on the list comes your duty to God, next your duty to man. The first you cannot know how to perform without daily searching His Word, neither can you perform any duty acceptably without His help and guidance' (I can't tell you how guilty and ashamed I felt when she said that, for since baby came I had not found time for such things). She then went on, * your next duty is baby, because he is helpless; but unless he is ill he must not interfere with your duty to your husband. Both must have regular and wholesome meals, and plain food is more wholesome, and takes least time to prepare. If you are making cakes and pies when you should be at the Lord's feet, are you not like Martha? I do no doubt that Mary did her share in preparing the meal, but after that was done she sat down to feast on the " bread of life." Martha waited upon the Lord as on an earthly prince; Mary learned from Him as a heavenly teacher. You must beware of putting your husband before your God, and it seems to me a poor way of honoring a man to make' oneself a slave for his sake. No man deserving of the name would desire such a sacrifice.' ' But,' said I,' it is a pleasure to me to work for my husband.' 'I do not doubt it,' she answered, but it is your duty to think what will please him best. Which d6 you consider will trouble him most, a plain supper, or your weary face? a few fly specks and a little dust, or you in morning dress that you have not had time to change because you have been so busy working for him?' 'Oh, Mrs. Gray,' I said, 'pray don't say any more about it; you have made me ashamed of myself. I can now see plainly that it is false pride.' ' Yes,' she said, ' it is indeed, "tour husband loves you for yourself, and if you are too busy to talk to him, or make yourself bright and cheerful, he thinks himself a brute for making you such a slave, and goes to his labor with a heavy heart, because he cannot lighten your cares.' 'Oh, Mrs. Gray,' I cried, 'my heart bursting at the thought, ' it is bad enough for him to have to work so hard without having to trouble about me. I will indeed try to do right, but I must have your help, if you please, or I shall not know what to leave undone.' " While Mrs. Gray was talking she was working at a large square of canvas, a piece of linen was pinned over the middle, and she was working rows of black wool on the part uncovered. Before answering me she unpinned tbe linen and showed me the middle. It was intended for a large bunch of flowers; a few buds and sprays were quite finished, but most of the flowers had only the outline worked. ' There,' she said, • that is an idea of my own, and it is hot a bad picture of your life. You see I want it done as soon as possible, and I thought if I traced out all the flowers, I could at once begin to fill in, and take it np at odd times, such as now, which I could not do till the centre was finished, it I worked in the usual way.' • But how is it like my life ? ' I asked. ' See,' she said, ' these flowers a're the duties— they must have room; these large ones in the middle are prayer, Teading, and study; these lesser ones are feeding and washing baby, taking him out, &c.;, getting meals, washing, and mending, sweeping, and other house work, and dressing yourself as soon as possible after dinner. ' Do you call that a duty,' I said in surprise. ' Most decidedly,' she said, ' Your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit—let it be fitted for His presence both inside and out. Now for the filling in, that is the scrubbing, dusting, polishing, washing curtains and antimacassars (I was like you, Bessie, and had them all over the house), tbe pie and cake making, and the general turning of the house .out-at-windows. Now, suppose I had begun to fill in with black wool before I traced my pattern, X should have filled many spaces which should have held flowers.' ' I understand you,' I said, « you mean the lesser works must not crowd out the greater duties.' ' I do,' she said, •and look here, see that spray, that did not belong to the pattern, but after I had filled that side it looked too square to please me, so I worked that in over the grounding ; is net that like a new duty added to your bunch, and a little filling in must give way. A friend of mine had worked a piece this stee, and told. me^how much wool she used in grounding. I got the same quantity, but find I have too m u c h . And why ? Her pattern was a wreath, and the middle had to be fil ed in. Mine being a bunch will not allow of so much grounding; and so, as duties increase, they alter irom wreaths to bunches. But if we insist on using as much filling up in the bunch as in the wreath, then some or the flowers must give way.' ««We both sat silent for a while. Mrs. Gray had given me many new and Bolemn ideas. According to her arguments I had been altogether in the wrong, and in my heart I felt that she was right. Presently she said, ' If our lives are spent in what we call household duties—cooking, dusting, washing, cleaning, &c.;,/with- out proper attention to body and mind, how do you think such lives will look in the light of the day of judgment ? Shall we feel like saying, " Lord, I had so much to do, I worked harder than anyone else •, kept my house cleaner, changed my baby's clothes oftener, and did more kinds of cooking than anyone else. My windows and knives were always bright, but I really had not much time to read my Bible, and I was always too tired to think or pray much; I have tried to do my duty to my family, so I hope you wont be displeased if I hardly know anything about You.' (To be continued.) 