A Twist of Roses, ?' Yov.ax&xeaXfy; iB^arnest, Miss Barbara P* said Jffugh--^eatarex-Tva£bjjut marked, surprise in Ids tops. 'Ism/? '. Never answer pronrptejvjntor© -decided; not withstanding, Hugh Greatorex stared above bis ^)ar-fira -nrit.li m =vnr»TAil«lrmKi%Awildered air. ' I am to ?understand then, that you disdain young Bonnifield's offer ; that you will not avail yourself of any part of your i-ightf ul property j that;you sacrifice all — ' A/flash of her black eyes, an impatiaat foot-tap, interrupted him. '?' All !' she said. [ But the brisk iittle lawyer vrwuoi, to be thus Soiled. . ' My dear Miss Barbara/' lie continued suavely, ''this is a delicate matter,' a wry delicate mat ter indeed, b,ut I beg you to reflect ; if not on this proper/offer, at least upon the — the primary condition,' of the will. You understand you? crandfa^hpr. of course ; he uresunied -VArTttwiOri fflofcifod this hard, and as far as Sriberfc — ' -Ffce black eyes flashed wore vividly ; again the JGrj^p voice spoke : *' t ' Mr. Gfcreatorexu, spare your pains; I will not inarry HubfertJ&mnifield; ; I will not tabe from Ihiin these estates. For both, this is my last will And testament, so please let the subject drop.' She finished with her hand on the door-knob, ?*md swept &ein; the apartment down the ball and into the,-jb.axming little boudoir ?which, until this evening, had seemed to her a. paradise; into TurMch, lieretof ore, she had brought scarce a dis Jturbing thought. Her face softened, a burst of tears would have been the speedy sequel to her indignation, but for an object that had met her ey«s. I A fair object to look upon ; a twist of twin roses ?gracing the bracket wiuther, a tew hours since, they had been tenderly carried ; where tliis saute ?^Barbara had bent over them with blushing coun tenance, and touched them with her lips. Poor flowers ! now beholding them her brows bent ; pitilessly she seized them, and flung them far out on the lawn. This action was a relief, with it resentment temporarily faded, and she seemed lost in temporary amaze. ' Who would have believed I would do thatthis morning !' she murmured. ' But truly, since morning' life has changed. Then I was 'near to Joving Hubert Bonnifield ; now I thin^-I am as near hating him as ever I'd like, to bo. And Jhe— ' . -* She did not finish ; s]^y-g£ood staring wistfully down the roadway^ iiTif seeking the sequel there — down where toe flowers had fallen, where they Jay waiting -revengeful agent, though Barbara drea-uioi \t not. lo 'was a surprising denouement, that which had jafeaurred this day. Old Col. Holden had been $lirce months dead ; the search for his will, vain, fcboug-h vigilant, was about being abandoned and an administrator appointed, when, accidentally, iblio hunted document came to light. And a start ling document it proved, conferring the colonel's Rich, estates, untrammelled, upon his erand daugh -ter, on condition that she married Mr. Hubert ^Bonnifield ; which, failing to do, the same were to pass untrammelled into the said Bonnifield's possession. Either of which conditions Hugh Greatorex, executor, was charged to see speedily fulfilled. ; On the face, a most arbitrary will. But to Ibhose acquainted with Col. Holden the matter ?was very plain. He had been through life an in veterate jester ; his humbui- must needs tinge his ?'will. Noting with a favourable eye young Bonni Aeld's attentions to Barbara — as yet in their 1 £rst bud — and priding himself on his sagacity, ?he^iiad, in a fit of jollity, revoked all former tes ^iSjnents and indited this ; chuckling to think that should he die ere things were settled, how delightfully, under these arbitrary conditions, be had arranged for his ' dear young folks.' And 'he had died suddenly, leaving this surprise. Barbara understood it; unfortunately Hugh Bonnifield demurred. His delicacy was to be the first stumbling-block. There was no joy iu bis countenance when he heard the startling news ; He/appeared to fathom but one point, i And Hugh Greatorex: bustled off to Barbara with the new6. Mot an over-pleasant mission for the little law yer who knew this case so well. For, as Herbert Bonnifield had ignored the will's first condition, lie must necessarily do the same ; he must smother suggestions, at least till the oj-en point ' was ruled. But he was ill prepared for the de cision which was to rule this out. To Barbara, under the most delicate statings, Hubert Bonnifield's action would have ceased offence ; in its bare, legal representation, it ,-grew a mighty thing. Believing that he loved , her, she had anticipated but one course; all the jtday she had been awaiting him, wondering that te did not come. , From her lighter nature the delicacy of bis : motives were hid; bewildered, indignant, beset ?by varied emotions, she took refuge in the de fiance which so amazed Hugh Greatorex, and which culminated as we have seen. But as we have seen, resentment faded ; ?wist- fully down the roadway Barbara stood gazing, ??where the flowers had fallen, where they lay 1 waiting, revengeful agents, though she dreamed .'it not. I Little thought Barbara whose hand would find !his roses ; fateful would their feeling be. Through ?the twilight, into night, she sat waiting ; turning «,way at last, but with the hopeful murmur — ' He will surely come to-morrow — surely as to . morrow conies.' dfc it 4k *?& * 4£ To-morrow, but not Hubert Bonnifield ; a week rof to-morrows, and still he did not come. A week; land then on the passenger list of a European iisteanier she read his name. ; It had been all a mistake; be had never loved J her, he was only too glad to yield up the estates, itliat he might be freed from. her. So reasoned i Barbara, as she read. Not strange, perhaps, since ?«he lacked the hint that Hugh Greatorex should ihave given her; ignored her hasty words; I suspected not the flowers that lay in wait that plight. Amid her pain the realisation of her late caprice flashed upon her .- Odd that it should be a comfort ; but so it proved to Barbara, and Bhe clung to it persistently ; over and over she repeated. ' I will never have the estates! Hubert Bon nifield shall take them, or the will be forever void.' In vain Hugh Greatorex pleaded ; Barbara was firm. The homestead was vacated, and with an old, faithful servant, she went to reside a few miles from thence. A year passed, and still the late comfortable home stood empty and ghost-like, and so did its broad lands. Barbara persistent ; Hugh Bonni field as one dead. Till one evening Hugh Great orex appeared in her cottage, with a letter in his band. ' Read !' he said excitedly, pointing to its con cluding clause. She read as follows : ' It seems very ridiculous, Mr. Greatcrex,' he said, ' that 1 should offer to forego all claim to Miss Barbara Holden's estates, but this is, to my view the proper course. Please manage it as in formally as possible, else we may make a matter of importance out of a farce. Hugh Grestorex was not surprised. 'A fine young fellow, Mr, Hubert Bonnifield,' he mused privately , ' but Holden did not know him as well as I. The case stands thus : He can have prettv Miss Barber to-morrow for the ask ing ; but ask her he never will, without some ad vance on her part, something to ^satisfy his nice soul. 'Undoubtedly she will miscomprehend him, and so the chances are we shall see a genuine love-match nipped in the bua. ifut perliaps alter settlement, iu time — stranger things have chanced.' Surely he should not be blanied. And yet .there was something in that final sentence worse than the belief that he did not love her, than the fact that he was for ever lost to her. Better that love- lack than one's ideal fallen so low. So mused Barbara, sitting a few evenings later in her little parlour — mused so absorbedly that ebe beard not her servant's announcement, .realised naught till, turning, she saw Hubert Bonnifield at her side. ' . Surprise, the charm of the old presence, de spite her efforts, did their work. Barbara knew that her heart was bare. 'Ihave been very ill,' she stammered, con fusedly, ' and my nerves are still -weak.' Ho dtf not spare her; he gazed steadily down into her tell-tale'1 face. She would have with drawn the hand she had ..extended, but he clasped it tightly, as if he would never let it go. '? I expect soon to foe in W ? with my \rife. And in conclusion, if Miss Barbara has not then assumed her inheritance, if she stall declines it, surely, I may not be censured if I lay claim -to ii myself/' ; A moment's silence, then she handed the letter to him. ' = ' I understand, Mr. Greatorex,' she said quietly, ' Surely he should not be blanied.' My dear Miss Barbara, he pleaded, 'yoa will not pursue this whim ? You -will not re ject your inheritance, now that the .crisis has come?' ' ?''? In vain. Life had gone hard with Barbara? she* had but recently recovered froui Sn illness nearly fatal in effect. But the o^^ was active. De terminedly she ren^ea* *-' ' My deci^n-jgjjjjjijjg unaltered. 1 decline the estatf^s^.'*** -..».. — 'Hs had spoken tenderly, with a wealth of quiet love ; but his next words -were passionate, spoken with his face bent close to hers -. 'Barbara, darling, fate has been very kind. You were delirious, and revealed all; all was heard by that faithful servant, whose letter has brought me home. Will you deny it, Barbara ? Will you deny that you love me still ?' biie could not answer. His kisses sealed her lips. But though so sudden, so barely compre hended, there seemed no greater happiness on earth than hers, till there came a remembrance and she exclaimed — ' Tour letter to Mr. Greatorex — your wife, Hubert ? I do not understand.' ' I have not my wife yet, Barbara,' lie replied roguishly ; ' but she will be with me very soon.' And so it proved. Two weeks later Hugh. Greatorex sat staring over a wedding card which ready' Mi-, and Mrs. Hubert Bonnifield— Barbara ttolden.' 