CHAPTER,IX. Jack walked down to the .valley. The flood had now completely subsided. The flat was sloppy and wet, it i3 true ; bat nature had been so completely revived that these slight disadvantages were compensated by the generally improved appearance.of every thing in the soft light of the moon. Jack felt little inclination to go to sleep.now; the air was so pure and buoyant, that it infused fresh life into him. But Spot's eager whines attracted his attention, and caused him to wonder. Had anything wrong taken place at home? ... What did the dumb animal mean by his half-human appeals? Jack, in response to his eager looks, crossed the creek, and went to the tent which he called home. . There Spot became greatly excited, wagged his tailj jumped on his master, and uttered sundry sharp, angry barks. The door of the tent was .open, and the moon shone.into it. The boy looked, and saw his mother lying asleep in the same place where he had left her. In the moonlight her face looked ? terribly ghastly, and Jack turned away with a shudder. What good would it do him to enter and awaken her. He turned away, anxious to spare himself the torture he knew would result, and walked up the township, which was now wrapped in slumber, regard less of the demonstrations of Spot, who appeared to have absolutely lost his senses. " Get out, you old fool," said Jack, thrust iny the dog away from him. " You've got the distemper, I think. I'll give you such a hammering as you never had, except on that day you stole Bertha's dinner, if you go on in this way." . Spot slunk away behind, in a very melan choly mood; no doubt arguing in his simple mind that he was laboring under a delusion, and that his master was right. Just as Jack was walking past the Garry owen, Spot gave a spiteful bark, and rushed upon a man who^ had emerged from that hostelry, accompanied by another. Jack saw it was Bunakum. He stared .at him with great surprise. The man absolutely looked white with terror, and gazed on him as if horror-stricken. Jack set it down to fear, of the dog. . ' ' . "Shut up, Spot!" he cried. "Don't you know hirti? He deserves barking at;, but you'd better.leave him alone. Why, you needn't be frightened of Spot." "Is that you, Jack?" said Bunakum, in a tremulous voice, which, of course, his son set down to drink. "Keep your dog off, will you?' He's mad:" ' ? Behind Bunakum .were two men whom Jack recognised as Hector Macinnis and the district coroner-a gentleman, who sought Bacchus to enable him to discharge his Bhadamanthean duties. Dr. Bouse was- one of the greatest bon vivants and most unjust judges in the world. : An invitation to drink would suffice to turn the scales of justice with him at any moment. But Jack paid little attention to him. The aspect of Hector was a case for more surprise. That man was equally pale as . Bunakum. Jack wondered what all this meant. All the time Spot kept snarling and sniffing around, like a demented animal.; " Get out of that, you young rascal 1" cried . D/. Bouse, lifting his cane, " or I'll have yon committed as a night prowler and vagabond." "Prowling round, to see what he can lay hold of, no doubt," said Hector.' "All these boys ought to be taken up." " I declare the cold's got completely into me," said Bunakum. " I can't think of going '. home." (Where that home was, no one knew). ! "Let's go in again, and have something to put life into us." "Yes,yes!" saidHecior,hurriedly. "Wecan have a quiet game of enchre till daybreak." "Hurrah!" said 3)r. Bouse. "Just the thing. I don't seethe good of going to bed to-night." And the trio turned back into the Garry owen, where the sleepy landlord was still dis ! pensing elixir vita: to those of his customers who had not succumbed. Jack walked up to the end of the street, ami then turned to go home. The east was already showing signs of the dawn-brighten ing, not with the glorious golden effulgence he had seen in his dream, but with a cold grey light that made one shiver. Dawn on Gritty Gully. A chilly light, growing stronger and stronger, filled the eastern sky; and the moon began to pale gradually, while the few stars that were still visible glimmered faintly. Shreds of clouds flitted across the sky, changed, as they neared the light of dawn, into a sombre gray. Beneath was the damp earth-its outlines shadowed in the crosslights of the east and the west. Already, the birds were preparing to catch the early worm; the laughing jackass ottered his discordant cu-cu-ca-coo-coo-cbo; and the magpie filled the woods with his musical trill; while the smaller birds twittered and shook off the damp. - Here and there a stray bat, or mopoke, that had kept late hours, fluttered uneasily, anxious to get back to its hole in some tree; but, like biped revellers who stay out late, their eyesight was at fault, and thus had to seek a resting-place wherever they could. In the grey light of the dawn Jack sought his home. The locality was very quiet. Not a soul was stirring. Even the dogs lay asleep in front of the tents. Jack entered quietly; but the first glance at his mother made him start back horror stricken. He had never seen anything like this before.- Her face was purple and distorted--contracted,-and the eyes stared out in a fearful manber. She was lying on the sofa, her clothes disordered, and her limbs drawn up as though ih terrible agony. . What was it ? "DEATH! / He knew it. He had-never seen,a dead r body; but the awful face before him told too powerfully of the great enemy. ? ' Death-a horrible death! Her hands were clenched firmly; her form drawn up as if a great struggle had taken place when life was departing. ? The boy gdzed on the still form of his mother until his eyes rivalled those of the dead, starting with horror. Then, with a great cry, he rushed out, and, opening the door of- the next tent; cried out: " Mother's dead ! .Mother's dead!" Two young men were sleeping together in a rude bed. made of leaves and grass.. They turned round sleepily; and. one, with an expletive, asked what was the matter. " Mother! Mother!" said the'terrified boy. "Why, Jack, is that you?" cried one of the young fellows, sitting up in bed. " What's the matter? You look like a ghost." " 0! Mother, mother 1" cried Jack, recog nising in the "speaker the young fellow $ho had so kindly; assisted him to separate the1 flocks on the day they had got boxed. " Mother's dead! Mother's dead I" : . In his excitement he had entirely forgotten that the young fellow had been his neighbour for some time. In the condition of his mind now, it is impossible to describe the feeling of relief -he experienced when he recollected this, and found a friend so near. . " Dead!" said- the young man. " Why, I saw her last evening,, all right. "Poor, Jack!" he continued, gazing .upon the boy with compassion; "Your troubles have'come early. Get up, sleepyhead, can't you ? Here's something dreadful taken place." The other youth turned round sleepily. . " Bother you, old chum. Don't wake me. I was in such a fine sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000." Springing 'up, ttie young man who had compassionated Jack, jumped into his clothes and accompanied the boy to his tent. The other youth, after looking round sleepily, turned around and went into the land of dreams. The young ; man looked carefully at the corpse. Going up close to it he, too, seemed horrified. He came back to Jack,-and, taking his arm, said, in a low, terrified voice: ? . " Jack, your mother has been murdered. On her neck are the distinct marks of four fingers and a thumb. She has been choked to death!"-. . ... 