! THE "TRUTH ABOUT ST. PATRICE . By Dit. Wokdswoutu. . . , j 4 : i . : ? > . . "1! : ; Cli "V. Let us now., revert to St. Patrick's1 own account of himself/in his! Confession.: . / , 1; He there informs us, tliat his father jyas a Deacon, i:and his .grandfather, a PriestiT-a sufficient proof tliat the Celibacy, \yliich Rome now enforces on her Clergy in, iroland,. was no' part of ' Ecclesiastical discipline in the age andicountry of .Ireland's iApostlo. , . ... , ; ; i2,-<With regard to Church; Government, jSt. ; Patrick was a Bishop, and, ho'ordained Priests and. Deacons.; j He acknowledged ; these three ordersf of Ministers , in the; Ghurclv :..and;)lie "mentions no- others. ,, , t . 3; And what was his doctrine ? . -j, , At/ the. commeiicoinent of- the samo wqi'Ic < he. has inserted; .his., own. . profession of Faith. It , bears- a strong! resemblance to the Niceno Creed. , . . ... ' " There is no other God" (lie declares) be sides God! the Father, and, his ;,S6nr;Jesus Christ, Whom we confess to . ihave been -from "e verlasti ng hi with the Father, and. , Who .vyas .begotten . before all, .things, and by Whomall things .were; niado, visible .andv invisible, j and Who: was; iriade iinauj. and// overcame .deatli, and ascended into Heaven tO;tlie;Eather.,.And God;- gave 'unto, lliim all , power ;,oyer>;eveiy .nanio in heaven and in:eartli,.jand, under .tho earth, tliat every tongue should .confess, tliat 1 Jesus Christ, is Lord i and; God..; iW?. ikelieye . in,Him;i and expect tliat He, will ;cp'mp. aggin to judge the quick" and , the -dead, and'.t,will render to every man according;.to his wprlcs ; .and He has poured out , nponj.us abundantly (the gift of the ;Holy Ghost, the .pledge, , of limraortality, Who/ maketli us to .believe, and obey; -arid .to be sons of , God -the . Father, , , and to ; bejtfellow-linirs t of 'Christ ! whom-, we, <0911- ifess;; and we adore One God in the Trinity, of the Sacred Name." . , .: , ! , , iSuehiis'/the Creed, of St., Patrick, set doyn witlihisown hand, at the .close ..of his .long : life, in- the Volume.which he left as a bequest to the people of i Ireland./.., .k . :, . jii ,ii u> , VL/What; therefore, - shail .tyo nowi-jsay ? 'Withi feelings , of .respect, .and, affection, /ye; address! Yourselves to, . our, 1, Roman / Catholic brethren' iri the i Kingdom ,;of Ireland. , . .Take the .Creed of St. '-Patrick ; ini; one ; hand,; ,apd 'take- theiTrent iCrfeedp or, -Creed, of FopeEius : IW/'ini the. other. / , Placej tliein side. , bysijle. -Compare -tlie tw6iivyThe/A,rent''pree,d,,yhich /Romo now imposesl;£iri all Ecclesiastics, :l|as : added (twelve' Articles.toi/thp'jNicene.jCfc.od, i which .we holdlj'.iarid, it/declares , that .belief,' in .those utwfelve/'Articlesij is necessary, to ever lasting salvation. It! says,, ; Hasc;.est ;Gatho- lica : Fides, extra quami nemo- salvus/ esse potest.'VfNoWj'let/us inquire,1,, Do youhfind those twelve Articles in the .Creed, of St.. Pat rick?" Ono of those Articlesris , an .assertion of Roman : Supremacy. I . DP / .ypu findj.that ,thore ? — No..: Anotlier; is,- Obedience .tp ! the 'Popev : Do'iyou'- find.ithat thfere ?j7tN9 .^An otlier /is, Belief.; in (Transubstantiatipn. An other 'is, ''Belief "in P.urgatory»f.J|j?q;,ypji,fihd them'thore ?— No/ii Another, , is, uComraunion 'in one'kind.b- l8 ithati there JTrNq.jDo, you ifind ' ar singlevonei of iithosqu.twelye Articles .there?— No,i. noth one; :rAndoyH.iyou.(a8sert, tliat a belief injall .these/Articles Jnecessiiry > to -'salvation; and you ,denouripqtus as. heretics 'and innovators, .because, we dO jUbt, ; and jcan- 'not receive them.-i; Whrit- liif-.-all,. these ijarb 1 nece9sary;:how is; it; that/SE-jPaificKdoepndt; 1 mention ohe of them. ? Vj W as. the, Apostle of Irela'nda heretic ? ' HIbo, we are content to be heretics/with him. We are satisfied with his Creed; We hold every Article o£ it. And we leave it to you to consider, whether, if -you are not content with St. Patrick's Creed, you ought to claim St. Patrick as your Apostle, — or, if you desire to have St. Patrick as your Apostle, you ought not to be content ' with your Apostle's Creed ? 'iVlI. Once more. As we have observed, St. Patrick's Confession is an autobiographi cal memoir of! his ministerial career. If now, St. Patrick had been sent to Ireland from; Rome, if he had been ordained at Rome, if he had been dependent on Rome, and had supposed tliat Ireland was subject, either temporally or spiritually, to the Roman See, he-would have intimated in his Confession thatithis was the case. Your Bishops now 1 call: themselves Bishops by the Grace of God and the Apostolic See, meaning thereby the See of Rome. St. Patrick, the first Bishop of Ireland, would have done the same. But now refer to his own life. Open his Confession. Does he state that he received his ministerial authority from Rome ?— No. Does he say :that he and his flock are subject to Rome?. — No.' What, then, docs ho say of Rome? He mentions the Clergy of Ireland lie mentions the Clergy of Britain ; lie mentions the Clergy of Prance ; but he never mentions the;. Clergy of Rome. The words Roman . Bishop, Roman See, are not to be found there.;. The name of Rome does not occur once in his work. It may be left to every candid reader,' to draw the necessary infer ences from these memorable facts. VIII. We have now been engaged in com paring the present condition of Christianity in Ireland, with its aspect in ancient times. It is the duty of all to promote the cause of Truth ; and they who are subjects of the same monarchy, and acknowledge the same Saviour, are specially bound to "keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." We do not call upon our Roman Catholic fellow . countrymen and fellow; Christians to receive our statements without scrutiny. ; But we do earnestly: exhort them — as they : love' the truth- as they value the peaco and prosperity ofi the land wherein, we dwell, and as they regard the eternal interests of their own souls, to examine the ovidenco of the case. Let , tlio invidious/ names, of persons and parties bo forgotten. Let us meet on the peaceful ground of . primitive antiquity.. Let us look carefully iiito facts — facts very im portant to our common country, and to our happiness in time and eternity. The question at issue is— ! Whether the Papal; Power, in claiming, as it now does, the sanction of Antiquity for the exercise of jurisdiction in Ireland, — whether in enlisting, in behalf of its. own doctrines, the ; venerable name of St. Patrick — and ; in putting forward the Trent Creed as the Faith of the Apostle in Ireland, and of the ancient Irish Church, is not imitating the Gibeonites, who professed to come from a distant land to Gilgal, whereas they dwelt near it ? So we now ask — Is not the religion of Rome a new religion? is not her Creed a new Creed? It professes to come from far, but is it not from near at hand ? ; Wliat, fpri'example, ds the doctrine which ascribes Original Sinlessness ; to the Blessed Virgin— who is ' now to be in voked in Ireland by a new title, — what is it but of yesterday ? What are the words— which Rome has so often on her lips — the " old religion,!' the an- cient creed,'! -" the Faith of St. Patrick ? " ! Are they not like the dry and' mouldy bread, and rent bottles, and tattered garments, and clouted shoes, with which the Gibeonites de ceived Joshua? . IX. Some reasons have been stated in these pages for believing that this is the case. And ' if this is indeed so, then let it be remembered that duplicity in religion is a heinous sin. It may deceive for a time. But lot all who re sort to it, see their own fate, oven in this world, in thehistoiv of the Gibeonites. The , deception was. soon detected. " After .three days, the Israelites beard that they were neighbours, and that they dwelt among . them ;" and the1 Gibeonites stood' publicly ;:convicted of :< having come; to d osliua with a 1 " lie1: in their right" hand." " And Joshua called them and said, Why have ye beguiled ; us ? now -therefore ye are cursed; : and there shall1 none of you be 'freed from .being; bond- : men:" .' If this be themase witli.tho adherents of Rome, then, howover .'they may boast of spiritual pre-eminence, i they have only the '/lowest place among, the people. . They 'are '."hewers of wood and drawers of water." 'Then " Servus'Servorum"! indeed; 'ha servant 'of servants,"' shall -their head, be: And; how ever tliey may 'overreach ' men, : they cannot elude' the eye of' theDivino : Joshua, ;Who is the- truth," and Who will one day bring " all hidden things to light;", and .;;M judge !the secrets of all hearts," and: reward all true Is- ''raelites " in whom;is no guile;!' and condemn ''to : everlasting- punishment '"".whosoever loveth and mnketli a lie." i , , We' ought 'to be' on our/guard, not to be 'enticed by any > prospects !of. worldly. ad van t- age; to make compromises! with, what is false. " Let us f notv be beguiled, by"! .specious' words . " and:fair>; names.' Letms- not/betdeluded .by I shows and 'semblances'; but lcti.us hold, fast "the truth. Let us .not i: suppose; that, men. :i come 'to us from, afar, because thoyhaveold / "shoes on'theirfeetari'd mouldjyfcd-initbeir'f "'hands ; and 'let us not imagine, thrit whoever, "'presents himself tdius;!dres'sed , up , as. a way-?, 'faring pilgrim, iriithoguise ofna venerable " name; has therefore toiledmnd.travelled from '.''.the remote regioris of (Antiquity.1 / : ' But let us resort to those means .which God ''-gives/ us for our .'guidance., Let-us compare '"the' language1 and practice i of: those who pre- ' 'tend to Antiquity, iwitlf the language and. II practice of Antiquity itself. . Above: all, let us ask " counsel at the mouth of the Lord." Let us examine the Oracles of Him who is the " Ancient of Days." If they who come to us, bring " any other doctrine beside" that preached by the Apostles of Christ, we know who has said, " Let them be anathema." If they bring anything contrary to the Word of Him " Who is from everlasting," then "they are but of yesterday, and know nothing." And let us bo sure that by clinging to the Gospel of Christ, we have, the sanction of Antiquity ; we rest on the " Rock of Ages," — we build for Eternity. For " He has nei ther beginning of days, nor, end of life." "He is the Alpha and Omega, the Beginning and End, the First and the Last." " Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and for ever." 