:'THE- RELiGIO'US CARD-PLAYER. [Altiioughs the following sketch is old, it 'is :y ,:' ,;,. ,w:\vorth repeatiiig.] , . . "A- rivate soldier, by the name of Richard Lee, '.was taken before the Magistrates of Glasgow, for playing * cards during divine services. .. A sergeant led the soldiers to' the Eniglish Church, and when the minister had read the prayers i he took the text. Those who had Bibles took them out; but' this soldier had .neither.. Bible nor Common Prayer Boqk, and, pulling out a pack of cards he spread themt before him. He first looked at one card and then at another., The sergeant of the company saw him and said "Richard ,-put uip the cards; this, is no place'for them."' " Never iincd'that," said Riichird. When the services were over the constable took Richard a prisoner, and brought him before the Magistrate. "Well," said the Bailie, "what have you brought the soldier here for?" "For playing cards in the church." " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself?" " Much, sir, 1 hope." "Very good; .if not, I will punish you severely." " I have been," said the soldier, "about six, weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book. I have nothing but a pack of-cards, and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my inten tion" Then; spreading the cards: before the Bailie, he began with the ace.': "When I see the ace it remindsme that there is but one God. When I see the duce, itJreminds me of the Father and Son. When I see the three, it reminds.me of the Father Son and Holy Ghost.. When I' see the four, it re. mirinds me of the foutr' Evangelists that preached-Matliew, Mark, Luke and John. When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that :trimmed: their lamps. There were ten. but five were wise and five foolish, and were shut out. When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When I see the seven, it reminds mte that on the seventh dlay God, rested from the great work He had inade,; anid hallowed it.' Wheni.. I ::see :the eight, it reminds mnie of the eight "righteous persons that were saved wvherienGod destroyed the world-viz., Noah and his wife,:his three sons aiid their wives.. When I see the nine, it' reeinids me-of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out often thatnever returned thanks. When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Com mandments which God handed down 'to Moses on the tables of stone.. When I see the king, it reminds me of the Great King of Heaven, which. is God -Almighty. When I see thequeen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a.. man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The Kiiag sent for .:water for them, to wash. The girls washed to the elbow, : the boys to the wrist; so King Solomon;told by that." ",Well," said the ,Magistrate, '. you liave, described every card in the pack except one.", " "What is that?" " The Knave,; said the Bailie. " I:will give your honour a description of that too; if you will not be angiy." " I will not," said the Bailie, " if you do not term mnie to be the knave." "The greatest knave I know of is the con stable that brought; me here." .I do not know,': said the Bailie, "if'. he is the greatest, knave, but I know he is :the greatest fool." When I count all the spots there are in a. pack of cards,. I find three- hundred and sixty five-as many days as, there are ,in,.a year. When I count.the number of cards, ini a pack, I find fifty two-the:inumber of weeks in the year. I find there. are twelve picture cards in a pack, representnig the number of months in a'year; and on coun ting the tricks, I find thirteen- the number of weeks in a quartet: :So, you-see, a, pack of chards serves for a lBible, an almanac, and a Common Prayer Book." ,: 