SPORTING NOTES BY KTJSTICUS. The Adelaide Racing Club's meeting on the old course on Saturday was but moderately attended, and the sport provided nothing out of the common. South- Eastern horses played a prominent part in the results. Don Pedro led off by winning the Amateur Hurdles, Lady Melissa following suit in the Kent Town Handi cap, Minna and Brenda filling the places. After Toonketohen had won the Selling Stakes, Don Pedro was again pulled out for the Handicap Hurdlerace, but he bad to rest content with second to Triplet. ? Mesalliance asserted her supe riority in the Amateur Flat Race, and Lady Melissa scored her second win in the March Handicap, Minna being again second. The entries for thq, Adelaide Cup and Good wood Handicap are very satisfactory. .For the former there are 72 nominations, including such animals as Wellington, Progress, First "Water, The Vagabond, Hesperian, and Savnnaka. The Penola Handicap winner, Storm Queen, is also included in the list. For the Goodwood Han dicap 78 horses have been nominated, amongst them being the South-Eastern horse Humphrey Clinker. The steeplechaser Great Western is to be taken to England by his new owner, Mr. T. Chirnside, where he will be afforded an oppor tunity of measuring strides with some Of the crack jumpers of the old country. The autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was brought to a conclusion on Saturday afternoon. The opening event was the Second Nursery Handicap, which was won easily by Mr. A. K. Finlay's oolt Colstoun, by King of the Ring from Lady Susan, with Vaucluse second and Saionara third. The next race was the New market Handicap, for which 37 horses started. The winner turned up in the 5 year old Hyacinth, by Lord of Lynne, the property of Mr. W. Pear son, who was not thought of till he ran a good trial last week. Euclid was second, and Larpent a very close third. Hesperian and The Ghost, which had been made very strong favorites, were never dangerous. Ten horses started for the Town Plate. Commotion went to the front soon after they got away, and led all the rest of the distance. Progress ran second till in the straight, where he failed, and was passed by Wellington, who made a fine finish, but could not get up to the leader. Wellington finished wonderfully well, but though he shortened the distance between him and Commotion "lie could not get up, and the colt won easily. For the second time during the meeting two sons of Panic finished first and second in as. fine a race asbas been seen on the Flemington course. That Wellington could carry lOst. and finish second in a two-mile race run in 3 min. 34sec. shows what a wonderfully good horse he is. "His performance was so highly appreciated by the spectators that the winner was neglected, while it was Wellington that everyone thronged to look at, and as the horse came into the weighing yard he was greeted with most enthusiastic cheering. The Victorian public dearly love a good horse, and it is doubted, if a better horse than Wellington ever stripped to do battle on the Flemington course. The race was run in 3m. 34s. Pell Mel], with whom Mr. Phillips declared to win, was never near the front at any time. Allander won the Alleged Stakes easily; Solitude was second, and -Mistaken third. Nine horses started for the Steeplechase, which was won by Twilight; Chrysalis was second, and Lucy third. The racing was brought to a conclusion with the Three and Four-year-old Handicap, which was won in good style by Duchess ; The Drummer was second, and Waterloo third. The will of Mr. A. Jardine, well known in theEngliah racing and coursiqg world,has been sworn under £1,371,000. Mr. Jardine was a partner in the great tea firm of Messrs. Jatdine, Mattheson, and Co. 