CRICKET. THE CUP,MATCHES. (BR UMrPrnE.) Wallsend 10 v..First Ironclads.--This match was continued by Wallsend opening their first innings very favourably, the batsmen playing freely, and adding runs rapidly from George Webb and] Morley. The second wicket fellfor 41 runs, 32 of which were obtained before a change was made in the bowling to Ryder and Rogers, who stopped the fast run- getting... The sixth wicket fell for 60, and the remaining ones for a small total, so that'what promnised at the commencement t6 be a very large number, was kept down to '86, mainly through the excellent bowling of these men. Ryder was excellent with' the sphere,- and- obtained nine wickets for .16 runs..: Rogers . also. trundled well. With the balance lefb in, the favour of Wallsend from first linings, 13 runs. -Tha 'Clads had just 1u0 lunas to get to obtain victory. The wicket being dry, and in exc~. llent order, this number was thought not too many for them. M'Glinchey and Freeman commenced the task; the former batting with more freedom than is usually his' won't; made 7 when he was unfortun-tely run out. George WVebb und Freeman batted together for a con siderable, time, and made 20 each; the former, :gav~e .an easy chance at the com menc~ment;of his innings, which was de cliced, the latter made some good shots and :showed some of his old form; but Webb was not nearly so brilliant as he usually is. S. Maddison bbth batted and bowled well for WAllsend, and Turner fielded ex cellently.. The fieldihng of the'Clads, with the exception of Morley, was just as had as it was good on the previous Satur day. Wallsend fielded:on the whole better, but there were solen sad mistakes in the catching business, The Ironclads lost 6. wickets for 67, consequently have 4 more to fall, and 33 runs to add, before they can claim the came. Much excitement was manifested by a portion of the spectators, whose sympathies hchwed unmistakably in favour of the local club. Perhaps it was only natural there should have been some demouatmrtion on theirbehalf, butin giving expression to it, A due regard should be paid to the feelings of the visitors. In some cases, it may be, the applause and shouting was carried too far. The Walls end non conducted themselves like gentle. ien,and are a wrthy lot of cricketers, who evidentlS engage in the game for .the rea love of it, and I imagine, should ever oar teams play at Wallsed,. they .would .h? treated well there. I donot desire to convey:an impression that the Itrbuluds, vrei in, any way whatever partirde to the unusual excitement; far from it. I know them too well to imagine, for one momoent they would sanction or en courage such .pro-eedings. The match will fioish on S turday. " . ,-:: S...sond City v. 1J4 Tihe's Hill.-A Well .contestbdil gamne, the first innings of each side termuinnting; the figurre being 74 and 73 respetively. T'ighe's Hill, second innings, five wikcets for 29. Borkly did good service for the second eleven, and inade 33. Tlheogame will he concluded on S~turday. Liliywhite v. 13 of Burwvod.--1esulted in fr.arour of the former, who won "hands down" in one innings and 40 runs to spare. Burwood had not. the ' ghost" of a show with the fast-improving and promising Sband of young cricketers who have now won their second Cup contest. At ie meeting of tlie Newcastle Cricket Club, M-sers. O. IHI. Hannell and Henry Stolkes were added to the selection com mittee for the purpose of assisting in pick ing the Newcastle twenty-tao against the Hon. Ivo Bligh's tdam of Englishmen, in the laitch on 8th and 9th inst. The following Will represent the Half holiday memnbers of the Wailsend United G.C., in a match with. the IHIalf-holiday 0.C., of Newcastle, at Wallsend, on Thurs day, 30th November, viz.:-lessrs. Boyd, Curry. Davies, Ilouse. Moore, Steel, Spruce, Thurling, Stewarb,. Turner, Wills ; 12th, Dluncanson. 