MARY BROWNE. BY L. E. WILTON. CHAPTER XXXIX. It was a fair, bright morning at the end of August. The early mist had cleared away, and the sun was as undimmed and bright as in the first days of summer/ I felt'quite well now, and looked stronger and healtnier than before my. illness.^ The old nurse still slept in my room; but she had told me more than once that her task' was over, and she was only waiting for the "master to send her about her business, which she supposed he didn't mean to do till the mistress's return. r It wanted but a few days now to that, by me, dreaded event. Wo'naeriqigwhethS: mjr friend, Mr. Harrap, would be present to:help me to face the enemy, I had^after-ihuch reflection, askedihim whether he wasMfcielytd^tait soon for his usuaS augimn tour ; 'ind; he had replied, "with"a curious smile oii his facecaused, I believed, by surprise at my inquisitiveness—that he purposed leaving home immediately-uponAis^sister's return, but where he should r^o "depended entirely upon the success of a scheme which he had planned for some time past, but which, as yet, he had not had the courage even to commence carrying into effect. And so the subject had dropped:- It was early morning. I rose and dressed jmyself, for J .was allowed now to get up as soon I jileaSed ahd,'longfiig for the sweet "fresh aftr, J wfent ylowp jn&fthe; grounds, intending to walk about quietly till summoned to breakfast This meal was now always laid for in former days, in the study, still continued to sleep in the m which I had occupied during . strolling down the paths thoughtfully for the space'of ten minutes or so, when, raising my eyes from the ground, where -I -iad fixed, them-in-A ,fit of musing, I HW- feai^we^ J'^l^^a^pitting out his hand as he drew near me. "What good fairy has been preaching to you?" " The beauty of the morning," I replied. " But I am always out before breakfast. "So I have.heard.. ,W,hat,a wonderful person ycu are !" " • " i ' • ""Not so wonderful: a£ some.-one I know," I answered—"some one who gallops off at 7 o'clock a_m. every. day. .vj^thont fail, and has been known not to appear 3gain with his poof tired horfee till nearly-32. ; " He's not overworked, madam; so needs no pity. While his master is taking his—his —well, we'll say his first luncheon—or, if you like it better, his second breakfast—he gets well cared tor and fed;" " No doubt of it. But why has he a holiday.on. this particular morning ?"' " I—I had something more important than —than riding, on hand, he said. Then, looking at me earnestly, "How changed you are from a-few wefeks back ! Do you know your face now for the poor little shadow you sa w in the glass the day you discovered the loss of your hair ?" " 1 know whom I have to thank that it is so different." " Ah! I'm no match for you," he said, laughing. " Do what I will, you can always manage'a sentence of that kind when you've a niind_ for it." It serves me right, though, for giving you even the ghost of a chance; but I can't always be on guard." " Well, look out better another time," I «aid. " There'-s my breakfast-belL Nurse rings it." "Never mind the bell, never mind your, nurse, and never mind your breakfast. I want to speak to you." ' . . " Well, say on," I answered. "Not here," he said. "It can't be said standing. It s too long. And, as far as I am concerned, too important." I thought he was joking. " It's something dreadful, that's clear." " You shall judge that when you hear. Xow, take my arm,-and we'll go into the summer-house and sit down." " I can get there without assistance," I said laughing. " I'm not ill now, you know. You shall see me show my strength." I walked off swiftly to the appointed spot, which was but a few yards off. He followed and took a seat by my side. " Now," I continued, " what is this important affair? I can guess, I know. .It's something about the children. They're going to school, I suppose; and I'm to have notice,,as we call it. Mrs. Chanter has often threatened it; and, now I have thwarted her by falling ill, I have been expecting my dismissal every day." "Nothing of the sort," he replied. "It's noihing about the children at all, though it may possibly concern them later. It concerns only yourself at present," he went on, with a sort of hesitation in his manner that puzzled me. " It is this." Ke stopped for some time, aud then rccemnieifeed iu such a grave tone that I seemed to have a dread of what was coining. " It is this, be my wife?" I want to ask you—if you will If the wliole face of Nature had suddenly rrhaiigc-d before my eyes from the dory of summer to the desolation of winter I could net have been more astonished. "I—I don't understand," I stammered. " You—you are jesting."^ "Jesting"' he exclaimed. " Do men usually jest upon such a subject? Should I insult you by such a jest? Think a moment." I had scarcely kuown what I had said, but everything seemed more possible than that I had heard alight, and that he had meant his words. " tiay again what you said. I—I don't think I heard correctly." " Will you be my wife ?" he repeated, taking my hand. "I do not think there is any mystery in my speech. My poor little child, I love you very dearly. You are to me more than anything on earth ; and if the quiet pleasure of these days must indeed soon end, let it be to give place to—at least for me—a greater happiness." I cculd only sit silent and wonder vaguely. I seemed stunned as with a blow. "You don't answer," he said. "Do you think I woidd not take care of you all your life ? Or do you not"wish me to ao so ?" " Yes," I said ; " it isn't that. Only I can't understand. It is too strange for me to realize all at once." " Wliat is strange ?" " I—I don't 'know. " " Poor little girl!" he said. " Poor, desolate little girl! If you will do as I wish you shall rover more be lonely or sad." I could only take his hands and cling to them, and let my tears fall upon them. The joy seen-.ed harder to me to bear than all the past had been. " But this is still no answer," he said. " Why do you not speak ?" \ " Because I don't know what to say. I'm so glad—oh, so glad !" "Then you love me?" "Yes —always—always." " Poor child !" he said. " If I did not appreciate your affection I should be bad indeed." Then through all my sudden happiness the'memory of my lost' friend struck me ruthlessly. I started back and dropped the hands I held. " But you cannot love me," I.'said, looking full at him. " You cannot love me. It—it is impossible !" Why so?" "It is impossible!" I repeated. "It is impossible " But why impossible ? It is a truth— I love ycu dearly. Have I net said so? What more can I say ? Do you thinkl would speak" to you falsely ?" ' "Oh no!" I said. "You could not-do that. But have you forgotten i" .1 could not say her name. "All the vast is—past," he said, slowly. It is ovter—blotted out. It is to me as though it had never been. There is no grief nor pain to forget or conquer. When that happened to me which would have made some men blow out their own brains or some one else's, or both, it had this effect on me—I woke as from a dream ! A dream which seemed upon my awaking to have •been a- happy one—but still only a dream, neither less nor more. This being I had loved and worshipped had existed but in my own imagination; "she "was not.'as~I bai dreamed, {embodied in Marion LaunpeSton." ' :He said her naine.TO. ca|mly, so entirely as if it were that of some slight acquaintance in whom he had taken not even a passing interest, that hiswords carried with them the force of a truth that no mere assurances or argument could have taught me. I felt that now and from henceforth she who was once his-chief desire was-as dead-to him as though she liad never lived. I felt no pain nor sorrow.at the thought of her—no pity for mv friend—shut out in the darkness, while I basked in the light that once shone for her alone. I felt only a sensation as of rest after .conflict, I felt only as though I had fought a nughiy battle and had ended conqueror. " 1 have pained you," I said, as he paused, "I have pained you by speaking of her." _." How can that be ? She is nothing to me. Her name is no more to me now than the name cf any other woman. Why should it be otherwise ?" " Why indeed ?'' I said. And still in my .su5sh. heart there was neither mistrust, nor iear, nor pity. "My chilil," he went on gravely, "there must be no mistake in all this. You must understand my nieaning^ibroughly; I will illustrate it to you. Hav^_ you"—hs hesitated a few moments—"lave'you ever read Bulwers. ' last of the B a r o n s ? ' . " Yes ; only a short "time" "before my ill- j ness." " Can you understand,, then, the feelings of Adain Warner, the alchemist, when he discovered the cherished idea of his life to be but one great error? When he found that the fair Ureka of bis heart—toothers but a senseless mass of wood and steel—beautiful, indeed^.but senseless and useless still—when tie found that this fair thing was indeed what tlie world had deemed it—when he realized tbat the priceless virtue he had fondly imagined it possessed was not only wanting, then, but, had never existed ? Can you cam • prehend his feelings when this knuwledga came to him I made no answer. " Do you think that at that supreinsmoment he still loved and cherished the creation of his heart ? No! A thousand times No! The idol is broken; the deceived is undeceived. He is indifferent to— nay, he despises the object of his former worship. What does he now? What can any man so situated ? He begins anew to rear and build—or his faith is dead for ever—and he rears and builds no more. Which is the better course V" " The first," I said unhesitatingly. ; " Such is my thought; and in accordance with it I have acted. I wept a moment, for my mistake, but not for love of the cause of my mistake. And—and knowing all now, da you think it even possible for me to' dim - my joy in the fair present by regret aud tears for th« the false fnW rmttt. past? V' s 1 "No," I said; so." ' I see that'you cannot da : " The woman wiio deserted me," he went on, " is no more to me now than any other woman who could falsely say she' loved, vnd^ in her double falseness, could betray the man she had deceived. She is 6imp:y nothing tome, I am merely indifferent to ner j and^ before I became indifferent to her I despised^ her. When the first shock of horror waff over, love; regret, sorrow, in connection with her, had fled for ev6r." ' I recollected as he spoke that some great observer of human nature has said, " A man never thoroughly unloved a woman till he has learnt to.despise her," and the recollection was pleasant to me. I felt a renewed certainty that every link which had chained my lover to the past was irremediably brokeU i and I continued to think of the first friend of my unloved girlhood—the. dear friend of my womanhood—with as little pity .and love asthe man. she had forsaken gave to her, andwith a more eager and passionate 'sense of victory and triumph. " Now my little Mary understands?" " Yes," I said, " I understand now—I understand it alL ' Thank God, I see plainly 1" And so we remained silent far a long time—the -dimness - of our. erring judgment seeming to us like the brightest rays of noonday—thanking God for the darkness, and blindly calling it light. Oh! short-sighte$ and erring as those who are bereft of reaqon i Thanking God for the darkness audblindljr calling it light! 