COUNTRY LETTERS. {From our own correspondents.) GERALDTON, March 2. Deep regret is manifested by all true sports- men at the unexpected accident that has befallen the favorite racing mare "Priestess," now in Perth for the purpose of training to compete for the Queen's Plate, at the metropolitan meeting next ensuing. "Priestess" having previously distinguished herself, and being in excellent form when leaving here, the Geraldtonians ap- pear to have placed unbounded confidence in her racing qualities, and fully expected to wit- ness her return to Geraldton with her " blnshing honors thick upon her." The most popular subject of conversation just now amongst that class of society generally known as *. gossippers " is the " story of the ghost." Gossip says that some unknown and mysterious figure has of late been perambulat- ing " in the still and silent watches of the night," in a particular street in Geraldton. Whether it be a real live ghost, an imaginary ghost, or a ghost of marines, your correspond- ent is not prepared to say, but this he knows, -that numbers of our townsfolk have been in- duced to deprive themselves of that rest which is provided for them, for the express and sole purpose of watching, and, if possible, capturing, this strange visitor. The police have also been on the watch, but as yet all their efforts to solve the mystery have failed. If, in the full- ness of time, this mysterious disturber of the people's rest is by any chance captured, and turns out to be a real proper glmst, no delay shall take place in giving you a full and particular account as to what sort of fellows these- ghosts are. I always understood that they appeared robed in white, this one however appears in black Perhaps the fashions change in ghost land as they do with us. Some little anxiety appears to exist as to the cause of the " Rob Roy's " delay. Passengers have been waiting for some days, and will now be obliged to take ticket per Otway instead. Tlie Mary Smith is now iu harbor, having been chartered by Messrs. Shenton, Crowther & Co. to take sandalwood and horses to Singapore. Another important event of the past week has been the trial and conviction of eleven abori- gines, hailing from the Upper Murchison district, on charges of sheep stealing from the flocks of several of the settlers there, Messrs. Aitken and Birrell, and Messrs. Campbell and Smith being the greatest sufferers. The offenders received sentences of from two to three years each. On Monday last the down train from North- ampton met with au accident, causing consider- able delay, the train not reaching Geraldton uutil midnight. These detentions are very rare occurrences here of late. A public meeting of the shareholders of the W. A. Gold Prospecting and Mining Compauy is advertised for Monday, March 13th. Doubt- less the shareholders will muster strongly on that occasion, as it is quite time some decisive mea- sures were adopted, or some intimation given to the shareholders as to what steps are likely to be taken. Quite enough "preliminary meet- ings " have taken place ; we want to hear of pick and shovels being purchased, and competent men sent to the field, where the, as yet, undis- covered wealth is said to exist. Weather very cool, and there is every indica- tion of a downpour before long. GUILDFORD, March 4th. Our pretty " village" was very gay and dusty on the evening of Wednesday last, when the Metropolitan Volunteers took the opportunity of a bright moonlight night to visit us, and parade with our local contingent. They were accompanied by numbers of their friends, of both sexes, all of whom appeared to enjoy the outing. The excellent music rendered by the M.R.V. Band was a great treat to the Guildford people. If I might make a suggestion to the municipal authorities of Guildford it woidd be that they raise a fund for the purpose of supplying their now historical '" Square" with a well and pump, which, if it were placed in a convenient position, would be a great boon to man and beast, and would be invaluable on the occasion of parades and cricket matches. Tlie contractors for the second section of the railway are preparing to go to work in right good earnest. They are establishing themselves at the '' Quarry," on Green Mount, intending to work each way. I have not heard that' there is to be any ceremony on the "turning of the first sod," such as champagne and speeches, etc. A most excellent reason for the absence of such a cere- mony is that no sod could be found on the line sufficiently yielding to turn, unless it were first pulverized into dust and then worked into pug, and this process would lack dignity. I believe that at last one of our merchants is making arrangements for establishing a receiv- ing yara for goods to be delivered at the railway terminus. By the way, there seems to be a serious impression abroad that we are likely I again to Ita vc a collapse in the railway traffic before Ion«;, unless a speedy change in the managcuh'ur of things takes place. It is commonly rumoured that "Robb" cannot be repaired until more skilled labour is procured, and that the Administration will not give wages for skilled labour. Besides this, it is anticipated that the tank engines cannot run very much longer without requiring that overhaul which "Robb" is waiting for; and even worse than this is the declining interest in their work dis- played by the railway 'staff generally, which is doubtless the result of red tape and false economy. This lack of interest must be evident to every observant person who is not an official, and I think that it would be a good thing if some members of the Administration were to seek information on the subject in a less roundabout way than by the usual dry, tortuous, course of " official minutes." Mr. Morrison's fortnightly sales of stock arc becoming more and more important. That held on Thursday last attracted a good many people. One of the butchers present was heard to say that these sales suited the butchers ' first rate,' and I should think that the vendors must have been satisfied at the result of the last auction. A remarkably brilliant meteor was seen a few evenings ago in the S. Eastern sky. It is described as being nearly as large as the moon, and quite overpowering that luminary's light, shining, first with a white and then with a deep crimson colour. The Helena bridge is now strictly closed for all traffic. Mr. Monger was here on Saturday, arranging for the transmission of the sandal, wood belonging to his firm, by rail. ? FREMANTLE, March 6. Early on Friday morning a steamer from the North was signalled, "on the hill." Owing to the fact of our two local steamers, the Otway and the Rob Roy, being expected, no attention was at first directed to the signal, but when it became known that the sighted steamer was neither the Rob nor the Otway, public curiosity was aroused. The colours of Old England float- ing from her masthead failed to give assurance to the nervously inclined, and small groups of persons mustered here and there to discuss the probability of another Fenian invasion ; and it was not until 2.30 p.m. that all doubt on the question was set at rest. When the strange steamer dropped anchor, within easy shelling distance of our town, the acting commander of our Naval Brigade, in his capacity of Harbour Master, proceeded on board, and it soon became known that the mysterious stranger was the Eng lish steamer Lamington, bound from Port Pirie (S.A.) for England. Having broken a portion of her machinery, she made for Fremantle as the nearest port. The captain has telegraphed to the charterers for instructions, which I under- stand may be expected any minute. Messrs. T. & H. Carter & Co. are the local agents for the steamer, which is a brand new vessel, this being her maiden voyage. The Lamington is said to be one of the finest specimens of the trading class of steamers afloat. The Otway, which arrived late the same day, landed no less than eleven aboriginal prisoners, en route for Rottnest. They are said to be from the Murchison and Gascoigne country. The damage done to the sea jetty by the dis- placement of a new pile, still remains a dis- figurement to the structure, and. has not (as stated in the Herald) been repaired. The musical entertainment ghen by the Perth Volunteer Band, in aid of their fund was successful in every respect, except finan- cially. Although the lovers of music are numerous at the port, the desire to evade sub- stantial acknowledgment thereof was manifest on this occasion, the facility afforded for hear- ing the Band without paying to enter the en- closure being such that many who listened did not trouble to enter or-to pay. Mr. George Holmes, one of the members of the Fremantle Naval Brigade, who recently accidentally received a wound through the palm of his hand, is so far recovered that he is now enabled to resume his former avoca- tions. The adjourned meeting of the Town Council was held at the office on Friday the 3rd inst. Present-The Chairman, aud Councillors Da- vies, Pearse, Harwood, Snook, Doonan, and Durlacher. After transacting some unimportant business, the great question of the evening was brought forward, namely the arrival at some final determination with regard to the selection of a design for a new Town Hall. It was propos- ed by Cr. Harwood that the plans of Messrs. Granger & D'Ebro should take preference over those already approved. Mr. Harwood remarked that he had approached the reconsideration of these plans with distrust, beingstrongly impress- ed with the idea that they were being forced down their throats, but he was pleased to say, after careful examination of the plans, that in his opinion they were undoubtedly the best in every way. Ile would there- fore recommend them for adoption in lieu of those approved by the late chairman. Cr. Doonan seconded this proposition, and, there being no amendment, it was put to the meeting and carried unanimously. The chairman then brought forward for consideration the necessity of providing a fire engine, when it was resolved that the sum of £500 be tacked to the loan, and that immediate steps be taken to raiäe the sum of £6500 by means of debentures. Thus the vexed question of a Town Hall mid a loan is now' hapuily settled, and we may look forward to a no distant date when a stately edifice shall grace our High Street. With reference to the delay in the non-ap- pearance of the Rob Roy from the Nor' West, I am informed, on enquiry at the agents' office, that as yet they entertain no apprehension as to the safety of the vessel. 