MEMBERS AT WOBK. How il.-tii tbe little busy be. Improve cadi shluine hour. — I'a. Wafts. Tha bacs have Lean quite busy this wceki and consequently, from a sps«iacular point of view, quite unintercstiijg. As is customary with the Assembly it makes up for several weeks idling, by doing tho work it has Jott to accumulate with l-Lhtningiiko rapidity. Member.; wij' quibble over a phrase for home, , and end by passing a biil of many pages through all its stages iu tcu minutes. "When a furious combat rages all night over tin outlay of a few pence in one of the depart ments, you may bo suro that when next th? debate is resumed, the committee will decline to hear another objection to expenditures oi £200,000 nr £300,000. Some captious people may affect to consider this a haphazard reckless way of conducting public affairs. I prefer to look upon it as anothei illustration of the great Emersonian law oi compensation. There are 110 two opinions about the defence! now. The oniy members objecting to the pro posed outlay are thu men who objoct U everything. To do tlie Government justice it did its duty in this regard without any whipping (r'-n the Opposition or spurring from tlie Corner. But then when the spending of money is possible. Sir Bryan has always sel about it con amorc. A Ministry is moreovci open- handed on principle when it seems pro bable that the next Treasurer will have to pay the piper. Mr. "Woods was unintentionally very funny when, in a patriotic fervor of mili tary zeal, lie proposed that a select committee, consisting of himself, Mr. Bosisto, Mr. Tucker, Mr, Deakin and Mr. Anderson, should be ap pointed to examine and report upon our bat- : teries and armaments. Tlie State of Venica used to check its generals by associating .- with them civil councillors, but I don'l suppose that even it would hava gone tlio length of appointing a brafct inventor, a chemist, a retired shopkeeper a young barrister and an old farmer ti protect the Queen of tbe Adriatic from invasion I can only liken onr queer gathering to tin Committee oi' Public Safety, as tlie Frencl Revolutionists ironically styled the body wliict destroyed ail sense of private safety withiz tlie re:; 'on of its jurisdiction. Indeed, the whole debate on the defences savored of the juvenile debating society. - The question to be considered was as much beyond the ken of those who took part in it as if it lind been the respective merits ol Georgo Washington nnd Napoleon Bonaparte that were under discussion. Of course our citizen uoi fliers were to tho frout, and aired their ch.:p3 or practical knowledge with much digni'y. The speaker who most nearly hit the rij:fc nail on tho head said enrtly that "but for tlio mnn Bryant" we should never havo heard of this defence vote, and Minis ters could not deny tlie truth of the allegation. It wns tiie scare which this notorious in- vidual created which awoke tlio public from their lethargy. But The Age was before Bryant; its skit upon tlie intercepted despatch " being the seed from which the whole agitation '" has sprung. Little did its author guess what a ball he was about to set rolling. Knowing both, I can testify that though he has not the cool nddresB of Sir. Bryant, he was quite a well ahlo to defend his hypothesis. To him, then, rather than to the " man Bryant," belong the honors of Tuesday's do, bate, and if he chanced to look down upon the unanimous assent which the Assembly gave to tiie Government pro posals to spend £300,000 iu putting our port iu a state of defence, he might reasonably be reminded that in another sense than that of" tho poet — Hencatli the sway of men entirely crcat, The pen is mightier than the sword. On Wednesday we had tho tramways again, and to my surprise that remarkably clever body, the Omnibus Company, succeeded in get ting its monopoly bill through a second read ing, IIow members could make such telling 1 speeches against the measure and then vote for it is one of those things, as Dnndrenry used to say, "which no fellah can understand,'" but they did it. Of course the plea is that a select ' committee is to report upon the condition of their construction ; bat none except the parlia mentary novices expect anything from that. The promoters will pick their own committee, and tho result will be a foregone conclusion. The one feature of the division was that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen crossed the floor and sat with Mr. Berry to vote against the Conservatives and the majority of his colleagues. This awful occultation on the front beiicli frightened back tlie rest of those who agreed with them. The two chiefs leant together as of old, in the centre of the bench, with Dir. Langridge at . ono of its extreme corners and Mr. Grant at the other. When Government business wns called on there was a lively rally between tlie two parties. Mr. Cooper made a tricky attempt to protect tho Government against any criti- . cism of the budget, but the Opposition sprang to arms, and tlie Premier reluctantly gave way. Then Mr. Longmore, from liis eminence, and With a voice .'Jonotonous ami hollow, like a ghost Demounting juilginont, proceeded to deal with everybody from an - independent standpoint. Mr. Berry has lost his party, the Premier has lost bis friends, aud Mr. Francis has lost his head, is tho summary of tbe situa tion. Mr. Longmore lintos tho prospect of a coalition, and dreads it even mare than lie hates it. Tho seditious address haunts liis recollection. Tho word loyalty stings liim, and yet he cannot help repenting it with a fascinated fear of what it is likc. v cost him. He is infected himself, and as " .OX " looks yellow to the jaundiced eye" he chants it litany of complaint that " we have done the things we ought not to have done, and there is no health in us." The zeal with which Mr.. Zox attacked the Grattan address has not escaped Mr. Longmore, who alluded with con centrated spleen to the " three ball, shent per shout, Jewish loyalty" of this genial eoft- goodsman. But with all lus bluster it was plain that the man of many smiles had a heavy heart, and that the courago with which he invoked tho people was a Dntch courage that he was trying to kindle by talking about it. In Germany, at the end of the XSth century they used to say of a University idler who was learning nothing that he was " studying finance." Mr. Graves is at present in this pre dicament. As tlie head of the Cos, tome department ho is supposed to know something of mercantile affairs. Ac cordingly he made a . long speech to show thnt any such supposition was ill-founded. What one notices first in his style is a painful lack of tiie capacity to argue consecutively. Ha rambles into a wil derness of facts, aud rainble3 out again with ont an attempt to interpret them coherently - or to place them in such an order that one can draw any complete inference from them. His vacillating character discovers itself, not only in his. endless provisoes and affectations of im partiality, but in his wavering sentences, which, no matter how decisively they Commence, generally wobble on to an inconclusive and half apologetic ending. His virtues are of he negative clas3 ; his chief vice an absence of whole-heartedness and sincerity, . With his — Narrow foxy iiice, . Heart-hilling smile and grey persistent eye, he reminds one of Tennyson's traitor Modred, Aud who lias turned traitor oftencr than Mr. Graves ? On Thursday the House was in the same .lamb-like humor, Carrying its anger as the flint bears Are, Which much enforced shows a hasty Bpark, And straight Is cold again. "Thero was a flash in the pan with regard- to a Catholic J.P., a Catholic engine-driver and a Catholie libeller, which ended just as l! it had been a vote of want of confidence motion . — suddenly, nnd in smoke. Mr. Wrixon made a good speech, carefully 'reasoned, and elaborateiyflucidas is his vfpnb Writer tli U Mr, Carter occupied lio hoards fc a full hour. He was supposed to be addressing- ' himself to the tobacco tax, but it was plain that his mind, if not his body, was full of Beer. Thero are men in the House who represent a principle. There are others arho represent an interest. It is to the latter ( class that Mr. Carter belongs. One might doubt frotn his contradictory deliverance, whether he Bat for a town or country i&u-; stituency, whether he was a Liberal or a Conservative, and whether he was a. Minis terialist or an Opposition member. But one is never allowed to forget few moment that he speaks for the publicans in terest, and that licensed viitu&llcrdom; tB his kingdom. He invariably regards every question either through a beery or a spirituous baze. Moreover, there is always a bitter taste at the bottom of his glass. He is nothing if not cynical. Making no pretension to morality himself, his solitary text is the weak cess and wickedness of mankind. If he does not look in his heart and write, ho certainly keeps an eye in that direction while he is speaking. The consequence is that he sees no thing but a dismal chaos — self-interest to the right of him, corruption to tho left of him, and iniquity in front of him. Even his jests are sou. The Maker, he says, de tested the first races of men because they were temperate,' and drowned them with a flood of their favorite liquor. Noali, tho only man .worthy to be saved, was a drunkard, and it is because his posterity have followed eagerly in his footsteps that the world has escaped another deluge. This is a vory grim kind of jesting. Such railing, if it deserves no harsher name, is the sure sign of a distempered under standing, Monotonous and wearisome «a it 5s, it teaches us the condition of the man who cries, . Allls oblique ; \ There's nothing: level in our cursed natures . But direst vlllnny. Therefore be abhorred i . All feasts, societies and throngs of men. k"Mr. A. T. Clark is as splendidly indifferent to consistency as the Philosopher of Concord could desire. On Wednesday he vowed with I voice which reminded me of Longfellow's " muffled drums" always "beating funeral marches lo the grave," that the Minis try should do no more business, and that he would neither eat nor sleep until they had ceased to be. 1 suppose he did sleep that night, for on Thursday he was' as. fresh as ever, and woke tnc from tho gentle dose into which I had been dropping every now and then all the dreary evening by registering a terrible oath that the Ministry hall not be put out by anybody this session. I rubbed my cye3 and pinched myself to assure my reason "that I was not the victim of an extravagant dream, But no, it was reality. There was Mr, Laurens with an injured look that no imagina tion could have painted. Thero was Sir Bryan trying to conceal his exaltation, Mr. Bent in a broad grin of satisfaction at the success of his coal engineering at Wil- liamstown, Mr. Beriy amused, Mr. Francis amazed, and their scanty fallowings looking from one to the other. And upon this pretty tableau there fell with dramatic timeliness the keavy folds of the Parliamentary curtain. QUIP, 