?Hi The Author of tlie Ingoldsby Legends.* There are few people who have not laughed over the ' Ingoldsby Legends,' and to whom the wonderful «host stories and humorous quips have not been familiar from boyhood. In later years the thought has often crossed one's mind as to whether the author's life was as merry as his works, or whether, like the clown at the pantomime, the fun was all for the public, and the sadness for his home. For this reason the biography of Mr. Barham, which appeared some time ago,' was hailed with much pleasure ; but it was found rather too lengthy to peruse with satisfaction. The present edition is an abridgment of the same work, with much that was of no particular consequence left out, and some personal anecdotes added. The life is by no means an exciting one, as the career of ' Thomas Ingoldsby' was wholly unmarked by events of a striking or romantic turn ; but the ' good stories ' constantly occurring in the pages, and the accounts of the various literary men with whom he came in contact, make the book a decidedly entertaining one. Eichard Harris Barham was descended from the brother of Sir Randal Fitzurse, one of the four knights who, in 1170, murdered Thomas A'Becket in Canter bury. This Sir Randal, before obtaining absolution from the Pope, made over his estates to his brother Eobert, who changed his family name to De Berham, their teat being Barham Court, in the parish of Bar ham, where, from the Conquest till almost the present day, their descendants have resided, From his father the future author inherited his genial humour and mildness and also a taste for scholarship. As, however, he died when Richard was only six years of age, bequeathing to him the email estate of Tappington, he had but little to do with his son's education. The mother being in feeble health, the boy, weakly enough also, was left under the care of guardians, and at nine years of age sent off to St. Paul's School. A year afterwards he was thrown from the Dover coach, and his arm broken and fearfully lacerated. This accident, followed by neglect, ' acting on a frame which at that time showed no sign of the rigour which it afterwards exhibited, soon brought the sufferer to the verge of death.' From this he was rescued by the unwearied care of Mrs. Roberts, the wife of the headmaster. During his convalescence he was permitted to be present at certain literary reunions which were held at her house, where his first efforts at composition met with every encouragement. Among the ladies who assembled at these meetings was Miss Smith, afterward Mrs. Bartley, a tragic actress of some note, who gave him directions in the art of delivering what he had composed, and developed his taste for the drama. At school, young Barham formed many friendships, amongst others with Charles Diggle (afterwards gover nor of the Military College at Sandhurst), an intimacy which closed only with his life. The two boys were companions in mischief. On one occasion, having dis covered a Quakers' meeting-house, they forthwith pro cured a penny tart from a pastrycook. Furnished with this, Diggle marched boldly into the building, and, holding up the delicacy in the midst of the grave assembly, said, with perfect solemnity, ' Whoever speaks first shall have this pie.' 'Eriend, go thy way,' commenced a drab-coloured gentleman, rising ; 'go thy way, and ? ' ' The pie's yours, sir ! ' exclaimed Master Diggle, politely ; and, placing it before the astounded speaker, hastily effected his escape. Having continued, in consequence of his youth, for two years captain of St. Paul's School, Richard Barham entered at Brasenose College, and was speedily elected a members of the Phoenix Common Room. Here he found a kindred spirit in the gay and eccentric Lord George Grenville, and made the acquaintance of Cecil Tattereall and Theodore Hook, who was wellnigh refused matriculation for professing an accommodating mdineBB to subscribe, not only to thirty-nine, but forty articles if required. At Brasenose, which was an expensive college, much given to gaming, young Barham had to apply for money to Lord Rokeby. As a guardian, Lord Rokeby refused to make an advance upon the property, but, as a friend, kindly gave him the money. So touched was the young man that, from that day to the laBt, he held aloof not only from gam bling, but from speculation of every kind. And when, later in life, the projector of a company tried to per suade him to invest, he asked, ' Tell me candidly, all exaggeration apart, what dividend do you calculate will really be paid ?' ?' Not one farthing short of 20 per cent. !'' 'You are in earnest?' 'Absolutely in earnest, on my honour.' 'Thank you, that is rather too good a thing for me to meddle with. I wish you every possible success and-— a very good morning ;' and he buttoned up hia pocket, and bowed his friend out. His time at Oxford was by no means passed in idle ness. He yielded, however, to the seductions of an agreeable society more than was prudent, deferring his reading mostly to midnight, and continuing it till break of day. f 'rP*8 re^ to Mr. Hodson, his tutor, afterwards principal or tlrasenose, will convey some notion of the hours he was wow to keep. This gentleman, who, doubtless, discerning, spite of an apparent laxity, much that was amiable and oiga-minded in his pupil, treated him with marked indul s^nce, eentfor him on one occasion to demand an explanation «??Vi?ntinu®d a^Bence fr°m morning chapel. i LbB *act **- si*'' urged his pupill, ' you are too late for ''Too late ?' repeated the tutor, in astonishment. -es, bit , too late. I cannot sit up till 7 o'clock in the mornmg. I am a man of regular habits, and unless I get aextda ?* °r 5 ** lateSt l am rettUy fit for noUliDe the ? ? ? . ' Most men have their seasons of late hours, dua among undergraduates there are not wanting those who, «u «ani.e^eiiin6'8di8Bipation, esteem it passing 'fast' to f' UJP 'a' the night nodding over their books with wet ^fiT m al^ut their heads» after an evening's dissipation. 3; Jr£ ?arha°», however, a strong natural' bent satSn^replaoeofcapriceor love of singularity, and he W«£Pfl^^hefoundthata8 ^e morning advanced his ew£ Wed more ***** and Ws mental energies became in 24iX. yTmore active *'» a* «*ny other period of the d-J^% Jt ^P1* haraJy f&a; of exciting aoonsiderable with™* astonishment to mark how, after a day spent ^'-ntone moment's rest or relaxation, his eye would light up and his spirits overflow as the cliiuies of midnight were approaching-. An entirely fresh set of faculties seemed to come into play : and if there was no one at hand to beac-St by his conversation, to listen to his in exhaustible fund of anecdote and observation, he would devote himself to the investigation of some obscure genealogical point or the perusal of some treasured volume. At these times, too, his powers of composition reached their culminating point, aad he wrote with a facilitv which not only surprised himself, but which be actually viewed with distrust ; and he would not unfrequently lay down his pea, from an apprehension that what was fluent must of necessity be feeble also. ' Of his life during the period which elapsed from his entrance at the university to his ordination there is little to be recorded ? It was during a short but severe illness that he first entertained the idea of becoming a can didate for holy orders, and gave up his origin*! design of being a lawyer. The suicide of a college companion who could not pay his debts had also a serious effect upun young Baihams'e mind.' The first two curacies obtained by the young clergy man wore in Kent; and shortly after hie. marriage with Caroline, daughter of Captain Smart, of the Engineers, he was promoted to the rectory of Hargate, near Roniney Marsh, which was then a stronghold of smug glers. Notwithstanding the reckless character of these men, the rector met with nothing of incivility at their bands. Many a time when returning homewards late at night he was challenged by a half-seen horseman, but on making known his name he was invariably allowed to pass with a 'good night ; it's only parson !' ' They wore indeed curious folk those inarshtnen. They had curious habits, and among other things curious dishes. One day at Hargate iuv father entered a parishioner's cottage, and was invited to partake of some 'jump short' pie, on which the family were about to dine. To decline would have been to offer an affront, so my father sat down, took his portion, ate it, and observed : ' ' It's very nice,- tastes like lamb. Why do you give it such an odd came r' ' ' Well, sir,' said the host, ? it is lamb. You see, the young lambs in the mesh try to get over the drains, and many of 'em jump short, tumble in, and get drowned. Thrn we hook 'em out, and put 'em into a pie. Have another help, sir ?' ' ? Thank you, no. It is particularly nice ; but I think I won't take any more to-day.' ' In May, 1819, Mr. Barham overturned his gig and broke his right leg and sprained his left ankle. The injuries were serious, and confined him to the house for several weeks, — a seclusion which served to bring fairly into play a taste which might otherwise have died out for lack of exercise. A novel entitled ' Baldwin ' was hastily thrown off, which he disposed of for £20. Soon after he proceeded to write the opening chapters of ' My Cousin Nicholas,' which, appearing in Blaclavood, met with considerable success. Scarcely was he restored to health when the illness of one of his children com pelled him to go to London to consult Sir Astley Cooper. There he met a friend who advised him to be come a candidate for a minor canonry, then vacant in St. Paul's Cathedral. He was elected, and towards the close of the summer of 1821 took up his residence per manently in London, in a comfortable house in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn Fields. Here his life be came a very busy one, for the intervals of work were occupied in writing articles for various periodicals, and his society was also much sought by men of culture and wit. HiB good temper made him a universal favourite amongst rich and poor, and his humour was always tem pered with good sound common sense. Of his first five years in London, there is but scanty record, and his journal chiefly consists of notes of good stories heard, a good many of which are quoted, ' A short time after Mr. Baber, who succeeded Mr. Beloe at the British Museum, had entered upon his office as keeper, in attending a party over the building, he showed them a collection of beautiful antique vases, all of which, he informed them, had recently been dug up at Herculaneum. One of the party echoed his words with the greatest aston ishment : ' ? Dug up, Sir 'r' ''Yes, Sir.' ' ' What, out of the ground r' ''Undoubtedly.' ?? ' What, just as they are now 'r' ' ' Perhaps some little pains may have been taken in cleaning them, but in all other respects they were found just as you see them.' The Somersetshire sage, turning to one of his companions with a most incredulous shake of the head, assured him, in an audible whisper, ' ' He may 6ay what he likes, but he shall never persuade me that they were dug up ready-made pots out of the frroucd.' ' ' Dior;/, June 1. — The Chancellor is very fond of shoot ing, and usually retires into the country for six weeks towards the end of the season, where he is in the habit of riding a Welsh, pony, for which he gave 50 shillings. One mom ing Ia6t year, his lordship, intending to enjoy a few hours' eport after a rainy night, ordered ' Bob ' to be saddled. Lady Eldon told him he could not have it, but company being in the room gave no reason. In a few moments, how ever, the servant opened the door and announced that ' Bob ' was ready. ' ? Why, bless me !' cried her ladyship, * you can't ride him, Lord Eldon ; he has got no shoes on.' ' ' Oh, yes, my lady 2' said the servant, ' he was shod last week.' ' ' Shameful !' exclaimed her ladyship. * How dared you or any one have that pony shod without orders 'i John,' she continued, addressing her husband, ' you know you only rode him four times last year, so 1 had his shoes taken ofi and have kept them ever since in my bureau. They are as good as new, and these people have shod him again ; we shall be ruined at this rate !' ' ' George III. scolded Lord North for never going to the concerts of ancient music. ' Your brother, the bishop,' said the King, i never misses them.' ' Sir,' answered the Premier, ' if 1 were as deaf as my brother, the bishop, I would never miss them either.' ' ' September 1. — Lord William Lennox and Mr. George Hill (of the Blues) met Dick and myself at Parrock House, where we slept last night. Went out shooting this morn ing, killing eleven brace and a-lialf of partridges ; dined at 2, and returned at 4 by the steamboat. On the voyage we bad our profiles taken by an artist on board for a shilling a head, which he executed in 10 seconds by the help of a pair of scissors only. * An old woman on board told some of her friends, who were very merry, that while, she was at Mar gate in the course ot the summer, the friend at whose house she had been staying had gone into the market for the pur pose of purchasing a goose. There were but two in the whole place, offered for sale by a girl of fourteen, who refused to part with one without the other, assigning no other reason for her obstinacy than that it was her mother's order. Not wishing for two geese, the lady at first declined the pur chase, but at last, finding no other was to be had, and recollecting that a neighbour might be prevailed upon to take one off her hands, she concluded the bargain. Having paid for and secured tbe pair, she asked the girl at parting if she knew her mother's reason for the direction she had given. ' Oh yes, mistress,' answered the young poultry merchant readily; 'mother said that they had lived together eleven venrs, and it would be a sin and a shame to part them now ! ' ' In 1824 Mr. Barham received the appointment of priest in ordinary of his Majesty's Chapels Royal, and was afterwards presented to the incumbency of St. Mary Ma&dalene; and St. Gregory. ' On admission, he found ' the united parishes ' in a state of most admired disorder. Two hostile parties, one led by a revolutionary oilman, and both altogether opposed to the discipline and interests of the church, held possession of the vestry-room, and rendered it the scene of ceaseless and indecent squabbling. Shortly after Mr. Barham's induction, a meeting was held for the despatch of parish business, at which he, as a matter of course, proceeded to take, the choir, This led immediately to a violent outbreak on the part of the assembled ratepayers. Another chairman was proposed and a vote demanded. Mr. Barham. declined to put the question : ' he Bat there by right, and not in virtue of the will of a majority.' A perfect uproar ensued. At one time there appeared a disposition to remove him by force from the position he had taken. His opponent thought belter of tbat. Then an adjournment to the body of the building was suggested. But some suspicion was entertained of the leealitv of the step. Next, amid loud acclamations, * second' rhair was ordered to be brought in and placed by the rector's Fide. ' ' Now, sir,' said he, addressing the leader of the riot, ' you have brought in that chair and placed it here ; let ma see ycu dare seat yourself ia it, and within fourand twenty hours you shall find yourself in the ecclesiastical court.' ' I presume tbe chairman had some more distinct idea of what would happen in such a case than Speaker Onslow when he threatened to ? name' a refractory member ; at all events, the man was cowed ; a vague apprehension of ex ? communication, or of some worse thing, if worse there be, prevailed ; the chair remained empty, and the business of the evening was at length allowed to proceed.' It is to be taken as no slight evidence of his peculiar tact and conciliatory art that, in the course of a few months, he succeeded in restoring peace and effected much towards promoting a cordial and lasting unanimity among his parishioners, while a feeling of. affectionate esteem for himself prevailed among all. It was not, however, as a popular preacher that he was beloved, as in tbe pulpit he was efficient, but not remarkable. To the poorer portion of his brethren, more especially, was he endeared, by the kindness with which he relieved their neces sities and the aesiduity with which he attended to the interests of the meanest and apparently most unworthy, in this work being ably assisted by his wife. His exertions on behalf of others were by no means confined to the limits of his 0'rn parish. From all quarters and various ranks came applications for assistance and advice, aud every day his table was covered with piles of letters. And herein was his delight. Never was he so completely at home, never so happy, as when en gaged in promoting the happiness of others ; and his son eays : ?? Verily, he had his reward, for it has pro bably fallen to the lot of few in his station of life to have enjoyed so many and ample opportunities of tasting 'the luxury of doing good.' Truly, 'Thomas Ingoldsby V life was a pleasant one in its twofold capacity — as a clergyman, having the power of making many people happy ; as an author, having a rare gift for making them merry. What more could any man vish for ? But there is a reverse side to every picture, and Mr. BarLam bad his own trouble?. The holding of the living of St. Gregory necessitated a residence in St. Paul's Churchyard, and the unhealthiness of the posi tion told injuriously upon the constitutions of his children. Devoted to his family, he felt most keenly the chastening of that hand which withdrew at inter vals five of his little ones. Later on ono of his sons ?was taken from him in a few hours by the deadly scourge of cholera. One of Mr. Barham's greatest pleasures was hia inter course with Theodore Hook, and numerous are the good stories told in connection with him. Another of his close friends was Dr. Thomas Hume ; he was a man of repellent manner, but warm and generous heart, and possessed of much dry humour, one instance of which is given : ' One instance, in particular, of his dry humour my father used to relate. They had walked together to the office of one of the morning newspapers, and there the doctor silently placed upon the counter an announcement of the death of some friend, together with five shillings, the usual charge for the insertion of such advertisements. The clerk glanced at the paper, tossed it on one side, and said gruffly : ''Seven and six!' ' ' I have frequently,' replied Hume, ' had occasion to publish these simple notices, and I have never before been charged more than five shillings.' ' ' Simple !' repeated the clerk without looking up, ' he's universally beloved and deeply regretted! Seven and six.' ' Hume produced the additional half- crown and laid it deliberately by the others, observing as he did so, with the same solemnity of tone he had used throuffhout : ' ' Congratulate yourself, sir, that this is an expense which your executors will' never be put to.' ' This Dr. Hume and Mrs. Hughes (the grandmother of the author of ' Tom Brown's Schooldays '') were almost the only two persons with whom Mr. Barham found time to keep up a gossiping correspondence. With the latter he continued, for a quarter of a century, an unflagging interchange of letters, many of which are given. It was to this friend, who was always the one to urge him to carry on his various works, and who supplied a large proportion of the legendary lore which forms the basis of the' Ingoldsby Poems,' that he presented the first volume, with the distich inscribed, ' To Mrs. Hughes, who mn.de me do 'em, Quod placet est— si plnceo— tuum.' She was also a friend and correspondent of Sir Walter Scott, to whom Dr. Hughes introduced ' Thomas In goldsby,' the great novelist having expressed a strong desire to make his acquaintance. From this mutual friend1, many anecdotes and particulars concerning the origirale oi Sir Walter's characters were gleaned. ' Mr. LoiiKtiale, late chaplain to the Archbishop, -lincl there, and, in a conversation which ensued, mentioned his having, in a lute tour, fallen in with the original Domiuei Sampson. This gentleman was a Mr. Thompson, the son of tbe placed minister of Mel rose, and himself in orders, though without a manse. He had lived for many years as chaplain in Sir Waller's family, and was tutor to his children, who used to take advantage of his absence of mind to open the window while he was lecturing, get quietly out of it, and go to play, a circumstance he would rarely perceive. Sir Walter had many opportunities of procur ing him a benefice, but never dared avail himself of them, satisfied that his absence of mind would only bring hiui into scrapes if placed in a responsible situation.' ' I must tell you one of his stories, because, as Sir Walter Scott is the hero of it, 1 know it will not be un acceptable to you. When George IV. went to Ireland, one of tie ' pisintry,' delighted with his affability to the crowd on landing, eaid to the tollkeeper as the King passed through : ' ? Och, now ! and his Majesty, God bless him, never paid the turnpike ! an' how's that V ' ' Oh ! Kings never does : we lets 'em go free,' was tho answer. '* Then there's the dirty money for ye,' says Pat. 'It stall never be said that the King'camehere, and found no body to pay the turnpike for him.' *' Moore, on his visit to Abbotsford, told this stoiy to Sir Walter, when they were comparing notes as to the two royal visits. ' ' Now, Mr. Moore,' replied Scott, ? there ye have just the advantage of us. There was no want of enthusiasm here : the Scotch folk would have done anything in the world for his Majesty but— pay the turnpike.' ' ' ' Dandie Dinmont ' was one Jamie Davison, who lived in Liddesdale, and died in September, 1823. AVhen the minister, who had paid him several visits during his illness, called for the last time on the morning of his death, the good man inquired as to the state of his mind : *' ' Eh, minister, ye'ro vera gude, and Ise muckle obleeged to ye ; eh, sir, it's a great mercy that I sulde be able to look out of window the morn and get a sight o' the hounds ; it's just a mercy they eiU^Q rift tlus way. 'I wad, Ua' bin too u;uch for a puir sinner like me to ha' expecktit a sight o' tbe tod ! tae thank tLe Lord for a' things.' 'The circunisfauces attending 'Tony Foster's' death, as described in J Kciiil worth,1 are taken from a real incident recorded in the third volume of the Due de St. Simon's ; u cnicirs. There an account is given of the death of an. I avaricious Ma»ti-r of Requests at Lyons, named Pecoil, who had contrived a. recess withiu his cell.tr closed by a heavy- iron, door, within which he was in the habit of de positing his hoards. By some means the lock at last got haii'iieicd, and on one of his visits he was unable to let himself out again. He was eventually discovered lying on. his ircaFures dead, and having previously began to gaaw one of his sinus. ' JJre. Iluglie.= repealed several anecdotes whicli she had heaid from tho mouth of Sir Walter himself ; among them one of Lady Johnson, sister to the late £arl of Buchau. and Lord Ertkine. and widow (if Sir J. Johnson. When on her deathbed, a few hours prior to her dissolution, she hid her notice attracted by the violence of a storm which was raging with great fujy out of doors. Motioning with her hand to i have the curtains thrown open, she lojkcd earnestly at the window through which the lightning was flashing very * ividly, and exclaimed to her attendants : ' Gude faith, but t's an unco awfu night for me to gang bleezing through, the ift!'' Another friend with whom Mr. Barham had muoh pleasant intercourse was Sydney Smith. Many a pleasant little dinner they had together with Tom Moore, Hook, and sometimes Lockhart. Various good stoiies are mentioned in Mr. Barham's journal from tho mouths cf these wits, but space does not allow of their repetition. At the commencement of the year 1337 Mr. Bantley published the first number of his Miscellany, and applied to Mr. Barham for contributions. Up to this time he had been an anonymous writer. Tha popularity, however, of ' The Ingoldsby Legends/' which appeared in rapid succession in this periodical, rendered his nom de plume a very insufficient disguise, ani he was generally known to be their author. An. account is given of the origin of most of these legends. Some of them were drawn from a variety of monkish chronicles, 'Legenda Aurea ' among the re3t It was the incautious use of some of these materials which, drew down upon him the animadversions of the Roman Catholics and some of the stricter members of his own church. Some time after he conceived a whimsical plan of producing a joint-stock novel for Bentley's new magazine, entitled, ' The Modern Hake's Progress.' Mr. Barham was to contribute the opening chapters ; Mr. Hughes was to describe his life at a public school ; Mr. Barhaui's son was to carry him through a few terms at Oxford ; and to Lord William Lennox was to be entrusted his introduction to the Guards and Crook ford'e. As might be expected, the design came to nought, though Leech afterwards published his illus trations on his own account ; and Mr. Hughes's portion, contributed by his son, then at Rugby, probably formed the germ of ' Tom Brown's Schooldays.' In 1839 Sydney Smith offered Mr. Barham his residentiary house, which was a good exchange from the unhealthy dwelling he had so long occupied, ani had a garden that was quite a new resource to tha family. His letter to his young daughter is a good specimen of his home correspondence : ' What do you think of Mr. Sydney Smith having offered me his residentiary house to live in, together with, a garden, at the back, which, if not altogether so large as the one you have no doubt been running about all day iu, is yet magni ficent for London ; containing three polyanthus roots, a real tiee, a brown box border, a niuit -coloured jessamine, a shrub which is either a dwarf acacia or an overgrown gooseberry bush, eight broken bottles, and a tortoiseshcll torn cat asleep in the bimniest corner ; ' the whole,' as George Robins would say, ' capable of the greatest improvement ; with a varied and extensive prospect of the back of the Oxford Arms*, and a tine hanging wood (the new drop at New gate) in the distance ; all being situate ia tha midst of u dcJightful neighbourhood, and well worth the attention of any capitalist wishing to make an investment !' Seriously, your mamma is to make her report as to tha eligibility of the exchange to-morrow, and as she has already made up her mind fully on the subject, there can be little doubt but that she will eventually decide in favour of the measure. You may, therefore, expect to have your hands pretty full of employment oa your return, in pre paring for what the Scotch call ' our flitting.' So enjoy yourself while you may, for there is work enough cut out for you, I promise you, when you get back : eighteen jars of onions to pickle, as many double-damson cheeses to press, some dozen of niggers to boil into black currant jelly, and jams and marmalades to make without end ; tor, unfortu nately for you and all other females connected with the family, the new house is provided with, that domestic curse, a roomy store-closet. So, my dear old Fan, make hay or dirt-pice, which is the same thing, while you can in com fort.' Within a year from his removal, the new abode was changed into a house of mourning by the death of hia youngest son, who had just reached the age of 13 and was a boy of unusual promise. From this blow the father never really recovered, and an alternation of irritability was henceforth observable and a failure of energy and interest in his favourite pursuits. A good deal of intimacy seems to hare existed been Mr. Barham and Sydney Smith, and many of the latter's bon-mots are recorded. They are, however, fcr the most part, too well known to bear repetition. One may form an exception : ' But it must be remembered that, amid the freest indul gence of his hearty and exuberant humour, Sydney Smith never forgot himself or his position— never lapsed 'into real irreverence, nor would consent to countenance it, even by keeping silence, in another. His pertinent question to a French saraul at Holland House well deserves mention. The gentleman in question had been enunciating, not in the best possible taste considering the presence of a clergyman, both before and during- dinner, a variety of freetjiinking speculations, and ended by avowing himself a materialist, u t yery good sovfflet this ? ' said Mr. Smith. ' The 'gentleman readily assented. ' ? By the way, may I ask, sir, whether you happen to be lieve in a cook ?' ' After the termination of hie engagements with Bent ley the publisher, Mr. Barham devoted most of his leisure to antiquarian pursuits, the collection and study of old books and manuscripts, and in re-arranging the library of St. Paul's. In October, 18*4, the Queen visited the City of London in state, and Mr. Barham accepted an offer of seats at the house of one of his parishioners to eee the procession pass. The weather was bleak — ao much 60 that he remarked, as a cutting east wind whistled through the open windows, that ia all probability that day's eight-seeing would cost many o£ the gazers their life. In his own case the prophecy proved but too true. He was attacked in the night by inflammation of the throat, which, though he persistently attributed it to irritation, caused by the core of a pea, was ia reality the beginning of the end. About the same time Mrs. Barham became an invalid, and when sufficiently restored they undertook a journey to Clifton. This, though intended to be beneficial, proved moat calamitous in its consequences to both. Although 'Thomas Ingoldsby' still had spirit to write the 'Bulletin,' which is perhaps the most humorous account of doctor and patient extant, he grew rapidly woree, and only the unwearied watchfulnBsaof the elder daughter saved both father and mother from immediate death, They, however, rallied &uJ;£cMtly to be moved in June to London, where everything was done that | medical ekill could devise. In the father's case, all was j useless ; and hie lines, ' As I lay a-thynkynge,' written j a few day 6 before leaving Clifton, proved his last. On ? June 17th, 1845, he expired full of hopeful peace j in the 57th year of his age. Numerous ! ?were the expressions of regret from every class o£ society, and a deshre was expressed to present a petition that his eon, the author of the present memoir, should be presented with the vacant living. This kind oiler j was declined ; but the son, and the widow, whose re- : covery was followed by the gloom of partial blindness, ] were much comforted by the sympathy offered on every i «ide. !So died, almost in the prime of life, the author of those ' lngoldsby Legends' which have refreshed eo many of us with a hearty laugh. lie was not ' a great' man, but what is better, perhaps, a genial human helper, who lightened life burdens — amused the weary with quip or satire that held no sting. And even in life he met with his reward, for his son eaje what can be recorded of few : ' lie never lost a friend ; he never met with coldness or neglect ; and those whom he benefited were rarely, ii' ever, wanting in gratitude.'' AUSTRALIE. 