VICTORIA RACING CLUB AUTUMN MEETING. THIRD DAY. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday Evening. The weatuer was fairly favorable for the concluding day of tho Autumn Moot ing, although almost too warm for out-of door amusement. The attendance at tho courso was, however, far from largo, there being probably less than ten thou sand persons present, all told. Of course the All Eng'and cricket match was in a great measure tho cause of the lack of public patronage in the present case, and it was rather a pity that tho match and the races were thus brought into concur rence and competition. Au Teste, tho rac ing was good, and a very excellent day's sport was enjoyed by those present. The first event was tho Second Nur sery Handicap, which was taken by Coulston, a rank outsider, Vaucluso and Saionara being his companions in honor in that order. The next race was the Newmarket Handicap-tho event, par excellence, of tho day-and in this case an unusual amount of interest in tho con test was excited by tho largeness of the field, no fewer than 37 horses having faced tho starter. Once moro the laurels fell to an outsider-Hyacinth-Hesperian, tho favorite, and a " hot" one, being I literally " nowhere." So largo was tho j number of horses well up at the finish, that the judges had considerable liesita- j tion in placing the second or third horses, but they eventually decided that Euclid and JLarpent had passed their box next to Hyacinth, in that order. Tho Town I Plato fell to Commotion, who took tho ] lead soon after tho fall of tho flag, and was never caught; Wellington get ting second place, and Progress third. For the All-Aged Stakes, out of sixteen horses colored on tho card, only four, namely, Allander, Solitudo, Mistaken, and Nappor Tandy entered into competi- I tion, and they passed tho judge's box at ' the finish in that order, Allander being landed an easy winner. Tho Steeplechase brought out a fine field of nine horses, and, after an interesting contest, in which, for a wonder, there was only one tumble, and that not a serious one, the event ter- | minuted in an easy victory for Twilight, Chrysalis coming next, and Lucy third. The meeting was brought to a satisfactory close with the Handicap for three and four-year-olds, which was won by Duchess, with Drummer second, and Waterloo a j good third. His Excellency the Governor j arrived shortly after one o'clock, and re mained the greater part of the afternoon. The following are the details : SECOND NURSERY HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of o sovs. each, h ft. with 150 added. For two-year-olds. Seven far longs. A. K. Finlay's b c Coulston, 7st (Gains ford) ... 1 F. Wentworth's b f Vaucluse, Gst 111b, (Burton) ... 2 T. Hrown's g c Saionara, Ssfc (Pigott) ... 3 The other starter1! were : Sylvanus, Bril liant, King of the Vale, Magnet, Scipio, Gostwyck, Granville, Jack-in-the Green, Gardenia, Loiterer, Nulquiuo, Treasure | Trove. Betting : 2 to 1 Sylvanus, 5 to 1 Saionara and Treasure Trove, 7 to 1 and 10 to 1 otlicr3. Time, liniu. 29Jsees. NEWMARKET HANDICAP. A handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, 10ft., or 5 only if declared, with 300 added. For 3yrs old and upwardB. Tho second horse to receive 50 sovs., and tho third 20 sovs., out of the stake. Three quarters of a milo. W. Pearson's br h Hyacinth, 7sfc Gib (Trehane) ... 1 11\. Haines' cli h The Ghost, 7st 51b (Wil liams) _ ... 2 J. Whittingham's b h Larpent, Sst Gib (Murphy) ... 3 Tlie following also started:-Bathurst, Hesperian, Somerset, Baron Von Mueller, Mulatto, Sir Joseph, Josephine, Surrey, Verdure, Dougalstoue, Totalisator, Tumult, Aureola, Guinea, Ghost, Valetta, Coreena, Kesult, Viking, Westbury, Timon, Adven turer, Struck Oil, Constellation, Elsinore, Tyropean, Corinne, Spanish Lady, Game ) Cock, Cockney, Baalbcc. Betting : 3 to 1 to 4 to 1 Hesperian, G to 1 Ghost, S to 1 Larpent, 12 to 1 Hyacinth. The large field of 37 starters, the largest ever known in Australia, was got off well together, and all flew away with a tremen dous rush. Surrey, Somerset, and Sweet William seemed to have a slight advantage at first, but Hyacinth went up at the far end of the grand stand, closely followed by The Ghost and Larpent, tho iirst-named being landed n winner by a length and a half. Game Cock was fourth. Time, lmin lGisecs. TOWS PLATE. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, h. ft. For 3yrs old and upwards. Weight for age (with penalties). Maidens allowed 31b. The second horse to reeeivo 100 sovs.. and the third 50 sovs., out of the stakes. Two miles. H. Phillips'b c Commotion (Lang) ... 1 C. G. Baldock's br h Wellington (Batty) 2 W. Branch's b h Progress (Moore) ... 3 The other starters were : Salisbury, Bathurst, Darebin, Coriolanus, Sweet Wil liam, Pell Mell, and Santa Claus. Betting : Even on Pell Mell, 5 to 1 Pro gress, Wellington, or Commotion. Time-3min. 34secs. ALL-AGED STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 2 ft., with | 100 added. I'or two-years old and up wards. Weight for age. One mile. J. Morrison's ck c Allander, 2yrs, (Saunders) ... 1 E. De Mestre's b f Solitude, 2yrs (Hales) 2 W. Branch's b c MistakeD, 2yrs t(St. Albant) ... 3 The only other starter was Napper Tandy. Bettiug : 3 to 1 on Solitudo, 4 to 1 and | 5 to 1 against anything else. Time, lmin. 4G|seca. STEEPLECHASE. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, h ft., with 300 added. The second horso to receive 50 sovs;, and the third 25, out of | the stake. About 3 miles. S. Justin ns br m Twilight, list (Scobie) 1 F. C. Goyder's br en Chrysalis, Oat 71b, (Batty) ... 2 P. Gleni3ter's bl m Lucy, 10st 121b, ?'£ (M'Innis) ... 3 "The following also started : Great West ern, Roebuck, Gazelle, Hieroglyph, Skylark, and Sissy. Betting : G to 4 Great Western, 4 to 1 others. Great Western led on the fall of the flag, with Chrysalis next, but at tho turn Skylark went up, and cut out the ruuning for the next half-mile, with Twilight and Great Western close behind. Before the last turn was reached Twilight had assumed the leadership, comparatively little change having taken place in the positions of the others. Chrysalis and Lucy came up well at the finish, and ended second and third respectively, Twilight winning easily. Time, G'miu. 52sec. HANDICAP TOR 3 AND 4YHS OLD, A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, li. ft., with 200 added. Leger course. Skene Bros.' b in Duchess, 7st (Hales) ... 1 F. Wentworth's b e The Drummer, 7st 51b (Riley) D. S. Wallace's ch h Waterloo, Sst 21b (O'Brien) ... 3 The other starters were i Chatterer, Crys tal, Mulatto, The Marchioness, ICohinoor, Kesult, Ween, Elsinore, and Gloucester. Time, 3min. 12^sec This event brought the day's programme and the autumn meeting to a close. Extract from letter o£ Private Ward, of the Frontier Mounted Police, Cape Colony:-"I should just likeyou to nee the real farm-house Bread that I hake! The oven is one dug in the ground, and is just largo enough to hold our daily quantum of two loaves. We use flour, water, salt, and BOBWICK'S BAKING POWDER. My bread often surprises me, it is so light, and white as snow. Some of our men will insist that I have been 1 in the trade,' and nothing I can 6ay will convince them to the contrary !" N.13.-This invaluable article may be obtained of all Grocers and Store keepers in Id and 2d packets, and Cd and Is I atsnt boxes Fl.GIlILlNE I-Jb'OB THE 1'EETH AND BltKATS -A few ilrops of the liquid "Florilino" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pear'y-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all nnpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of Honey .ind sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s Ga, of all ChemiBts and Perfumers. Whole sale depot removed^ to 33, Farringden Road, London. 