THE BOHEMIAN. How far the Duke of Manchester was right when he told an English audience that if we had sufficient population here to pay for the Bndincr and storace of water we should be the largest wheat-producmg British colony is 3, question which, in the face of the recent successes of Canada, it would be venture some to answer. The Duke was no doubt both truthful in intention and accurate in fact when he said that everybody in Aus tralia had been civil to him, and we are proud to see a recognition of any politeness we may have shown him. But when it comes to our wine, can His Grace be other than mistaken ? He says our grapes lack the fineness and delicacy of flavour which should commend them to the English palate, and that these qualities are to be sought in the grapes of the stony hill side. Now, a duke, if he has anything like a ducal income, ought to have a better cellar and know more about its contents than com mon men. It is not the hillside vines that furnish all the noted vintages which are shipped at Bordeaux, and as for the cham pagne country, it is mostly as flat as a pan cake. And as for the Australian grape not suiting the English palate, I may safely say that if one were to collect all the wines of the world, and serve them out to all manner of men according to their vinous understandings, it would be the rougher clarets of France and Spain that would bear the palm among the connoisseurs as common drinks, and next to them would come— what most resembles them— a claret from Australia which had served its apprenticeship both to wood and. bottle. Except in those happy moments when we are careless as to the incentives which ' prove an excuse for the glass,' the propo sition that ' the Pope he leads a happy life' is no longer tenable. A description of the precise nature of the operations by which his enemies have managed to sicken him of his natural Jiabitat must be left to special corre spondents, but those hostile manoeuvres are dimly discernible to me in the light of a short conversation which I once held with a French republican. It was just after the Orsini plot, and the man, who was always interested in some intended revolution or other, seemed to derive satisfaction from what the world regarded as the abortive result. ' But why do you keep on shooting at him and trying to blow him up ?' I asked ; ' You see you never succeed.' ' My friend,' said my interlocutor, 'you do not understand. If we shoot at him long enough it will oblige him to wear a steel waistcoat, and then, when he gets into the water, he will not be able to float unaided.' Taking the answer au pied de la lettre, I thought the process ridiculously circuitous ; but when, soon after, the Emperor led the army in person to help the Italians to clear the Austrians out of Italy, I began to think my republican instructor had been employing a poetical simile. It is always sad when Christians cannot live together in unity, and gives us a great deal of trouble with out siders endowed with philosophy and inmour. In his eemi- political wanderings in. Africa, Mr. Fronde came across a model rillage, in which, at suitable distances, were three Christian missions— Catholics, Wes ieyans, and Church of England. The coign Df vantage was held by an old chief, who was respected both as the oldest inhabitant and is the chief source of secular control over the Kafir tribe which occupied the district. Two jf his sons had embraced Christianity, so far it least as their kind ever embrace it 'Why [lo you not yourself become Christian ?' asked the interpreter of the old chief. 'When Christians here,' said he, pointing to one mission-house, ' speak to Christians there,' pointing to the other, ' that will be the time for me to join all the three.' So they are going to get rid of Newgate and its handmaid, the Old Bailey Court, more mel lifluously styled ' the Central Criminal.' It gave me a twinge of pain when, to enlarge the accommodation for an important trial, they 3hifted the dock, the Bench, the Jury-box, and the round table, and brought the busi ness nearer the window. It was true, ft seemed the same oak-pannelling and seats, ind there hung the naked sword over the red cushions of the Bench, and there lay the bunches of rue between the iron spikes in front of the dock, but, alas ! it had a novel lir. The place, however, though changed, retained its genius, and I look back with pleasure to many an hour of my learned, or unlearned, leisure spent there in listening to the mixture of argument, satire, pathos, historical and patriotic allusion, anecdote, and moral and metaphysical reflection which seemed to flow freely at command from the eloquent lips of my Hibernian friend— let us call him Michael Barry. It was a treat to hear him defend a London thief. If the wisdom involved a doubt either of identity or of intention, Ms Bpeech, after an appropriate exordium, was. resonant of mystery, and no one so well as he would explain by argument or- illus trate by anecdote the prejudicial effect of darkness, fright, and hurry on the human memory and imagination, or point out with such well-feigned regret how all the doubt might have been cleared up if only everybody had done exactly what he did not do. But he was always ill at ease in these cases ; the fact that there was really a fair chance of success seemed to weight him with a load of responsibility. The cases he liked were where the crime occurred in broad daylight and the story was narrated on oath by the bystanders. Here he seemed to revel in the complete openness of the transaction, and there was a thrill of triumph in his ques tion, 'I suppose anybody could have seen it?' Then it was a treat to hear him discourse on the origin of ideas and the peculiar falli bilities of human perception. ' And hear him urge in metaphysic strain How 'twere more likely ears should hear in vain, Eyes that beheld a fact mistaken be Than one who stole should let his neighbours see.' They were proud of him in Dublin and in London ; we thought him an ornament to the forum and the Press. But then he had the benefit— alas! inaccessible to the colonial youth in general — of a training at an ancient manufactory of learning— I ought to add ' of wisdom' also. Cicero and Thucydides, logic and moral philosophy, may be studied here, I suppose, by the happy few who are in clined thereto ; but the secret and voluntary means by which wisdom was imparted and moralB purged by the gratuitous combination of the denizens of the ancient academies, these are beyond the colonial grasp. I will give an example of what can be done by the external application of a counter-irritant Samuel Waddilove, the son of a country parson, was of studious habits, a fair scholar, a thorough muff, and as big a fool as there was in the University. Moreover, he was a member of our college, and, as we considered ourselves, not without valid and acknow ledged reasons, as a long way superior to any other college in the place, we felt ashamed of Waddilove. His folly took the turn of talking slang, affecting a fast set, and trying to participate in amusements for which he was wholly un Buited. If he had behaved as a mere book worm we should have respected him. We had formed no plan, however, of curing him, nor indeed do I remember that the charge against him waseverformulated asl have been above obliged to do. Our feelings were simply instinctive, and it was only by an accident that we ever disburdened ourselves of them. Twice a week we played at whist of an even ing, Johnson, Bracebreech, Shortlace, and I. The game was preluded by a frugal supper, and ended in a modest glass, and when the rest of us left, Johnson left his rooms and accompanied us along the quad rangle. It was a fine, still, moonlit night, and there was only one window with a light. It was Urban's, who was engaged in studies which afterwards earned him distinction. As we passed by Waddilove's rooms on the ground floor we were attracted by a snore which sounded through the open window. 'It is Waddilove,' said one ; 'let us go and look at him.' In we all went through the open window. We lit a candle. There was Wad dilove sleeping soundly enough. We walked round both his rooms, and inspected them, without seeing anything striking. At last one called out, 'Why, here's his cruet stand. Now, a cruetstand, like a pair of sugar-tongs, was contrary to the common law of the place, and we were entitled to destroy it. A man might have mustard, and pepper, and vinegar, but not in a cruet-stand. The noise attendant jn wiia uiacovery wojic rrauuuuve. 'My dear fellow,' said Johnson, 'we :ame in to see what was the matter ivith you. We were alarmed by your stertorous breathing. It is the resnlt of inr ligestion from inflated ambition.' ' You re raire cooling,' said Shortlace, 'and fortu lately the mustard is here.' One held his feet, mother sat upon his chest, while the others emptied the mustard-pot over him and then poured on the vinegar. He assured us he was perfectly well, but we told him he was no judge of his own state. He said he did not mind the mustard so much, but the vinegar _ made it smart far more. We told him it * was nothing without the vinegar, and all was [or his good. He howled and wriggled, butf could not escape ; and Bracebreech explained, ? in a way that would have done credit too Mrs. Gamp, how thankful he would be to us in the morning. At last the noodle said something about the poultice being hotter than was good for him, and how that his aunt said it should only be on a quarter of an hour. This made us shake so with laughing that a final effort prompted by despak enabled ^ him to free himself from us and rush head long to the window. ' Stole away !' cried ? Johnson, rushing after him, and, catching him on the window ledge by the nightshirt, grasped a long strip of calico only, for the man was gone. After, hioi went Johnson, followed by Shortlace and Bracebreech, shoutting 'Yoicks' and 'Tallyho,'' and then came a hunt in the moonlight around the quadrangle. We ran as well as we could for laughing, and caught the nightshirt every now and then, and off came along strip every time, till at last there was nothing left, but the figure still fled on. This brought us to a stand and made us hold our sides for laughing, and, before we had recovered, the figure had dis appeared up Urban's staircase, and was rapping, quite breathless, at a door on the second 'floor. 'Are you mad?' said Urban, opening to what seemed to be a ghost. ' No,' said he, ' but I've got no clothes on, because Bracebreech, Shortlace, Johnson, and the Bohemian broke into my room and held me down and put a mustard poultice on my stomach, till I jumped out of window, and then they chevied me round ' the quad' and pulled off my nightshirt. Lend me a blanket and take me to my room.' 'Urban did eo, and put him to bed, and shut the window. 'Now, Waddilove,' said he, ' this is all because you've been making a fool of yourself. Don't do so any more. Be yourself, and be a man. That's all that's wanted of you. Good-night !' Waddilove became a changed man after that ; and when, later on, I met him in the streets of London wearing a white necker- ? ? chief, and leading his little children, I have no doubt he inwardly thanked me, as we exchanged salutations, for my share in the muBtard poultice, and I may- mention that Urban frequently feels it his duty to ad minister from the judicial bench to litigants very similar advice to that which he gave. Waddilove after putting him to bed. 