[BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN COllKBsl'ONnKN'rS.) VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. MELBOURNE, TUESDAY. The Summer meeting of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club was held to-day, and passed off most successfully. The weather was beautiful, and the attendance fair considering the numerous counter attractions. The grand stand enclosure, however, was thinly patronised, lining in a large measure to the want of proper accouiiiuidatioii on the railway, cattle trucks only being employed to convey visitors to and from the course. The new betting-ring, outside which betting was prohibited, was used for the first time, and gave great dissatisfaction to the bookmakers who, while cheer fully paying the £1 license fee, complained loudly against the restriction imposed and after two or three races they left the ring, and carried on operations outside as usual. The ring, which is enclosed with a low picket fence, was open to the public. The chief ground of objection was that it being situated some distance down the saddling paddock, it prevented business being done after the horses went to the post. In the hurdle race a protest was entered by the owner of Dhurringile against Lady Hampden, the ground of her crossing, but it was dismissed. PULLING RACE. The Ghosts Kanaka 2 Junius 3 The other starters were Hunter, Robert the Devil, The Drone, Placid, Queen Elizabeth, Songster, Gipsy, Caul. Betting:: 5 to 4 against The Ghost, 4 to 1 against Robert the Devil, 6 to 4 against Songster. 10 to the others. Kanaka went away with the lead. Entering the straight, Songster was on the inside, and Ghost on the outside, came up with him, As they came along, Sangster fell back, and The Ghost went to the trout and won by five lengths. Time, 1 minute b seconds. JUVENILE STAKES. Drennan Ikeda , Monsoon .... 3 The other starters were Anagram, Wahgunyah, Tripod, Signor, The Kingston, Maudie, Miss Glorious, Little Sister. Betting, 6 to 4 on Duenna, 4 to 1 against Signor, 6 to 1 against Monsoon. All got away to a good start, except Maudie, who was walking back when the word was given. Duenna was the first to show in front, with ', Anagram close upon the outside Signor being as the bond of the others. Duenna led past the sod wall, Anagium pushing her hard, with Signor, Wahgunyah, and Monsoon, following, all well up. Duenna led into the straight, where Hales tried hard to; bring Ike to the front; but Duenna won by a length, Iko second, Monsoon third, and a length off came Little Sister fourth; Wahgunyah fifth, Signor sixth, Anagram seventh. Maudie never joined her horses. Time, minute 6 seconds, J. I11ÎKU1.E RACK. Lady Hampden. at Dhurringile . "the NG..... ." ..." 3 5 4 3 The other starters were Red Taff, Basilisk, Pilgrim, First Knave, Cavalier, Cruiser, Maid of the Vale Betting : 2 to 1 against Lady Hampden, 3 to 1 against P. G., 6 to 1 each Basilisk and Dhurringile, 8 to 1 against \- First Knave and Red Rover. Pilgrim and Red Rover were ' area in front, the others being in a cluster. Pugh Wm went away at a strong pace, and soon gained a lead of four lengths. Cavalier, Red Rover, P. G., and Pilgrim led past, the stand by five lengths. At the hurdle inside the distance both Basilisk and Maid of the Vale fell!. Pilgrim led round to the hill at the back of the course where he tell, and Red Rover took first place. ' Lady Hampden and P. G. then came up with Dhurringile, six lengths behind, Cavalier following. Red Rover dropped back beaten near the seawall, and P. G. and Lady Hampden came on in front together, Dhurringile being next. Lady Hampden led into the straight, and won by two lengths ; ' Dhurringile weona. P. G. third eight lengths oil. Red Rover fourth, First Knava filth. Time, 3 minutes 32 seconds.. - * * . "I CHRISTMAS HANDICAP. | ' Baron von Mueller, ... ! T Colstoun ... ' ... .*.+, , . Anglesey in' £3 4 Baron von Mueller and Colstoun a dead heat. H The other starters were Coriolanus. sunset, Pollie, Paul, ! Bciidsiiiuu, Balthazar, Dechiiiintion, Adventurer. j Betting : 7 to 4 against Colstoun, 5 to 2 Baron Mueller, | 4 to 1 Paul, G to 1 Adventurer, 7 to 1 Anglesey. limited got first heavily, Baron Mueller, Colstoun, and Paul following i in that order. Declaration run up level with Paul inside, i Colstoun, Huron Mueller, and Sunset being next, all very close together, Conolauus a long way behind. Paul lea along the back of the com- SP, Declaration close upon the outside Coming round the far turn, Adventurer went to the front. Declaration, Paul, and Baron von Mueller following all together. Nearing the home turn Anglesey went to the front rank, and in the straight Paul was in trout, very closely for Loved by Anglesey, Colstoun, and Baron Mueller. A grand finish ' ensued, resulting in a dead heat between the Baron and Colstoun, Anglesey third, a length behind, Paul fourth. Time, 2 minutes 35 seconds. The event was run off after the last race, Colstoun winning easily. OPEN STEEPLECHASE. Bryan O'Lynn 1 The Hawk. 2 Abdullah'S The other starters were Collingwood, Blackthorn, Fish, Breechloader, Premier, Squire, Ascot, and Hands Down. Betting: 5 to 2 against Bryan O'Lynn, 3 to 1 against Collingwood, a ta 1 each against Abdullah and Hawk, 6 to 1 against any other. The field went away pretty well together at a steady pace. Blackthorn fell at the first' fence, and Hands Down baulked at the first and second fences. Both Collingwood and Premier fell at the second fence, and Breechloader got the lead, several horses running very t wide. Going round the turn Ascot was second, and The Hawk third. Squire fell at the back, and Fish ran into first place ; Ascot, The Hawk. Abdallah, and Ilreoeli- I louder following close together. Fish led over the fence is in front of the stand, but Ascot, soon afterwards passed him. Bryan O'Lynn taking second place. Going over the hill , Bieechhmder fell at the back, and Bryan O'Lynn went to the front Coming down the hill at the I'm turn Bryan O'Lynn was leading, with Hawk close behind ; Ascot three lengths away, with Abdullah and Fish following after a gap of six I lengths. Bryan O'Lynn and Hawk raced over the sod wall, where Abdallah took third place, Ascot and Fish live | lengths off. Bryan O'Lynn and Hawk raced neck and neck into the straight. Ascot fell at the last fence, and I Abdullah made some effort, but died away in the straight and Bryan O'Lynn won by three-quarters of a length, the Hawk second, and Abdallah third, ten lengths off. Fish 2 was fourth. Time, 2 minutes 47 seconds. I TWO-YEAR-OLD SELLING RACE. Amelia Victorian line from. ... 2 i Times Avery bad start was effected. Merry Fenella, Breeze, and Kroll From made the running and led into the straight, when Amelia Victoria took the lead and won by a couple of lengths. Time, 52 seconds. MALVERN HANDICAP. Squireen 1 Trainee; red 2 \- Lohengrin's Time, 1 minute 18 seconds. 