GHOST-SEEING and SPEAKING. We have examples of ghost hearing, of ghosts that present no visible image, but address themselves to the ear alone. Gap tain Rogers, commander of a ship called The Society, bound to Virginia in 1664, ?while asleep in his cabin dreamed that some one pulled him by the arm, calling to him to get up and look out for the safety of the shit). He was awakened bv tbe dream, but paid no heed to the summons, and went to sleep again, when the warning was repeated. This happened several times, till at last, though aware of no danger, he turned out and went on deck. The wind was fair ; a sounding taken a short time previous had shown a hundred fathoms. There seemed to be no ground for alarm, and he was about to turn in again when a voice from an invisible speaker said to him: ' Heave the lead !' It was done, and 11 fathoms re .Now it was seven fathoms. The captain immediately gave the order : ' 'Bout ship !' and by the time the order was executed the sounding was only four fathoms. Evidently the ship, on her former tack, would have soon ruu aground. Uobert Dale Owen has recorded an amazing story of the rescue of a wrecked vessel off the Banks of New foundland by means of a timely apparition. In 1S2S, the mate of a barque in that latitude, sitting in his state-room working out his observations for the day, espies in the cabin some one whom be supposes to be the captain, writing on a slate. Going nearer, he discovers that it is not the cap tain nor any member of the barque's company. The captain is called, but the stranger has vanished. They examine the slate ; on it is written, ' Steer to the nor.' west.' The wind permitting, curious to know what would become of it, they Jay their course in that direction, ordering a sharp lookout from the masthead. In a short time they come upon a vessel fast bound in the ice, threatened with destruc tion ; crew, officers, and passengers nearly famished. These are taken off by the barque, and in one of the passengers is seen the prototype of the writer on the slate, who had been lying in a profound sleep at the time wliea the stranger appeared in the cabin of the barque. This verifies what Sir John Lubbock says : that in dreaming the spirit seems to leave the body. The pecu liarity in this case, supposing the narrative authentic, is the want of a previous con nection, and attraction arising therefrom between the ghostly visitor and the man of the barque. The case is as hard to classify as it is difficult of belief. The strongest argument for its authenticity is precisely its uniqueness in the annals of spectrology. It is simply too strange for fiction. A careful study of the records of apparitions will show, I think, that such visitations most often occur in the hours of daylight, and not, according to popular superstition, at dead of night. And — what is very important — the best authenticated cases are those of living persons, or persons in articulo mortis, or recently departed, and not of persons long deceased. ..... Apparitions of the living, on temporary leave of absence from their bodies, present, if not a more credible, a more acceptable phenomenon. That the soul of a living person possesses this power of disengaging itself for a time from the fleshly body, and appearing at a distance by means of the more ethereal body which is proper to it, and a semblance of with which it invests itself, it confidently assumed by pQeuma tologists. The theory of these psychical outings explains the supposed fact of spec tral apparitions, and was evidently framed for the purpose. Deep mutual sympathy between two widely separated individuals may, it is believed, bring tbia faculty into play when one of the parties in sore distress craves the other's presence and aid. Captain Meadows Taylor relates a vision which he had in India of a dearly beloved English lady whom he had hoped some time to call Ms wife : Une evening I was at the Tillage of Dewar Kudea, after a long afternoon and evening march from JCuktul. I lay down very weary ; but the barking of village dogs, the baying of jackals, and overfatigue and heat, prevented sleep. I was wide awake and restless. Suddenly, for my tent door was wide open, I saw the face and figure so familiar to me, but looking older, and with a sad and troubled expression. The dress was white and seemed covered with a profusion of lace, and glistened in the bright moonlight. The arms were stretched out, and a low, plaintive cry, ' Do not let me go ! do not let me go !' reached me. I sprang forward, but the figure re ceded, growing fainter and fainter, till I could see it no longer ; but the low, sad tones still sounded. ... I wrote* to my father. I wished to know whether there was any hope for me. He wrote back to me these words : — ' Too late my dear son ; on the very day of the vision you describe to me ? was married.5 ' Of this actia in distans, Schopenhauer claims that the inter vening space between the agent and the object, whether full or void, has no in fluence whatever on the action; it is all one whether that space be the distance of an inch or of a billion Uranus orbits. He supposes a nexus of beings which rest on a and immediate than that which had the laws of space, time, and causalty for its basis ; an order iu which the first and most universal, because merely formal, laws of nature are no longer valid ; in which time and space no longer separate individuals, and by which, accordingly, tbe indi vidualisation and isolation wrought by those forms no louger oppose impassable bounds to the communication of thought and the immediate influence of the will. — ' Ghost seeing,' by Professor F. H. Hedge, in the North American Mevieio for Septen&er.; The proprietor of a large New York journal met in the street near his office an angry and important looking man, who ac costed him. ' Mr. ? ,' he began, ' I have stopped your paper.' ' Good heavens ! sir,' cried the journalist, seizing him by the arm, and hurrying him into the office. First, he 'dragged him into the basement, where machines were unceasingly devour ing great bales of clean white paper, and turning their contents out a grey looking stream of printed sheets. Then he hurried him upstairs by rooms where breathless re porters were hurriedly turning their notes into copy, by others where the ceaseless rattle of type sounded as the compositors busily pursued their labors, and eo on through the scene of ceaseless activity which everywhere pervades a large newspaper office. When all had been seen the jour nalist turned on the astonished man : ' What do you mean, sir, ' he angrily asked, ' by saying you had stopped my papei?' -'I only meant that I had stopped my subscrip tion to it,' was the answer. 'Dear me,' said the journalist. 'I thought by your manner that you had some communication of importance to make me.' 