The End of the Coree Ghost. .. -_.,-,. . .. .... o A SHORT timo ago wo gavo an account of the capture of the Coree white kangaroo as follows :- v < " This snowy, unequal-leggod hopper has died'at last. After braving with charmed lift" for 12 years j rino and dogs, it has fallen victim to a breach- loading gun. Mr. D. MacCaugboy, ownor of Coree Estate; a trifling freehold of 2 ")0,000 aoros, lately offered the kangaroo hunters on Coroo a ro /ard for its capturo, with tho result of its doath, and it is now being stuffed previous to gracing its owner's hall. Many old residents who at différent times have seen it scudding, a fteot white object, over our distant plains, will regret its absence as one of the old landmarks of tho pro-fencing days, but our ' Tantalus ' may rest assured that it is not tho missing link or tho ' do'l,' although long known as tho Coree ghost." This rarity is now in tho hands of Messrs. Crawley and Co., of this city, and is being prepared by them preparatory to its being sent to England. A few words concerning tho animal itself and also of its capture may not provo uninteresting t.-> our readers. The animal is a fomalo, stands 4ft Ilia in height, and has fawn-coloured tipped tail and ears. For long years has the animal bean known, and oft seen on tho Coree estate. Sometimes in tho dim twilight the " Coree ghost" would swiftly pass before tho mail coach travelling from Coree to Jerilderie. Tho passengers, scared at tho uncanny sight of this leap ing monster, would with a shudder draw more closely together, and tho coach would groan and reel over tho uneven ruts, in its progross, as tho driver with crack of whip wouid urge his four-in-hand to greater speed. As we before observed, thÍ8 kangaroo was well known on tho estate namod, and parties from Jerilderie and elsewhere have frequently been made up for tho especial purpose of hunting and securing" it, but without success. Sometimes just whon the chase seemed drawing to a successful issue the animal in somo strange way .would eludo pursuit, honco the name by which it has been known torso many years,that of "Coree ghost." Somo two years ago a reward of £50 was offered for the oapturo of this animal, and when parties wore made up for tho purpose of hunting tho ordinary grey and rod kangarooo, if " whitoe" appeared groat was tho rush, loud tho outcry, and helter skelter wont every horseman in pursuit. Some would come to grief at the wiro fences, timber disposed of others, and though fast and furious was the paco of the remainder, yet ono and all r o turned mortified by their want of success. Some attempted stalking this uncanny animal, but af tor leading tho stalker on and on for many a weary milo, it would eventually esoapo. Mr. MacCaugboy for tho last oight months has employed two kangaroo hunters, who occupy their time in the exclusive purs it of theso animals, and many a thousand have fallon victims to their unorring aim. They inform mo that they havo soon tens of thousands of kangaroos, but before the Albino of Coreo, had never at any timo soon a whito one. They, too, woro foiled in their endeavours to shoot it. Ono day a grand hunt was organised and the country scoured in search of it, many a mnsoular hopper and a "joey" was slain, but till afternoon tho whito ono was not soon ; it was then observed scudding across tho plain. At sight of this all prossod forward, and fast and furious grow tho paco as each ono vied with tho other for tho roward of victory. Aftor a rapid rattle all, with the oxcoption of Mr. MacCaugboy and ono of tho kangaroo huntors, wore left behind. Tho famed kangaroo broke away into a paddock and was driven into a corner of it, but without hesitation it jumped tho 4-foot railing. Tho huntors spurrod up their horses, and though tho heavy paco wa3 rapidly toll ing on thom, over they wont, nock and neck. Tho kangaroo aftor clearing tho rails headed to tho right, for tho covor of somo bushos. Tho kangaroo huntor seeing this hoadod his horse forward so as to cut it off, haltod his horse, throw tho reins ovor tho animal's neck, loaned forward, fired, and tho Coreo ghost foll dead. "Wo mado reforenco to tho animal being stuffed for Mr. MacCaughey'shall, but wo make out that this was not tho case. A visitor from tho old country, a lovor of natural history, being tho guest of 'tho ownor of Coree, was much interosted in tho curiosity named. Mr. MacCaughoy offered this gentleman tho rarity, who at first refusod it, but being pressod to accopt it ho did so. We hope tho " Coreo ghost" will arrive at its destination safely, and wo also feel sure that it will bo valued by tho gentloman who is tho fortunate possessor of it. Messrs. Crawloy informod us that a whito kangaroo is a grext rarity, that it is oight years since they stuffed ono, and during their long oxporienco as taxiderniststhis is only the second they havo mot with. Three tram passengers, one of whom is an oflicor in tho A.J.S. Bank, woro prosocutod last Monday at tho Water Polico Court, for entoring and leaving tho carriages whilst in motion, for which offence each had to pay 45s, At a mooting of tho Exocutivo Council last Monday tho timo granted to tho Friondly Societies' Commis sion wns further extended for six weeks. Tho compulsory el.iusos of tho Public Instruction Act wjro ordered to bo oxtonded to districts 51) to G5 in clusive Tho ooromony of opening of St. Mary's Cathedral is to tako place in September next, and will last thrco days. Preparations aro hoing mado for a grand j musical festival, under tho directorship of tho Eov. Placid Quirk. Mr. J. Dolany has boon appointed.-, conductor, and Mr. T. P. Banks organist, for the oo-, oasion, and Masses by Hadyn, Moroadanto, Guonod, and Mozart, are to bo performed 