GENERALITIES. A carpenter is seldom as handsome as his wile, because he is generally a deal plainer. All sorts of sleeves are admissible for ladies' dresses, but the coat sleeve, round the waist, re mains the lavouritc. A Fenian leader made a speech the other day without making use of the expression," languishing in a British bastile," and ithe club to wnich he belonged expelled him forthwith. Persistent Party—"Not at home! But aroyou sure he isn't? Don't you think you had bettor go and ask?" New Maid—1" No, Sir, it wouldn't be a bit of good. He told me he wasn't most distinctly." Sophia (sentimentally)—" I dearly love to listen to tiie ticking uf a clock. It seems to me that a clock has a language of its own. Mr. Smart—" Yes, Sophia, the clock has a language—you might say, a dial-cct." "Major, I see two cocktails carried to your room every morning, as if you had some one to drink with." "Yes, Sir; one cocktail makes me feel like another man; and, of course, 1 am bound to treat the other man." Fond parent (in tears)—" Angelina, my love, I have terrible news, Edwin" Daughter—" Speak quickly! My love, my promised husband Fond parent—" Is a gambler 1" Daughter—" Oh, pa, iB he lucky 7" " There's my band!" he 'exclaimed, in a moment t nnuroirfl anrl rtini?rtr ** ami mv haorf ta in it. " of courage and candor, "and my heart is in it." She glanced at the empty pahn extended towards her,and wickedly replied. "Just as I supposed; you have no heart" Theological Deflection.—" Yes, sah," said Brudder Johnsing. "lif de descendants of de rooster what crowd at Peter was to make a noise ebery time a lie is told, der would be such a noise in de world dat yer couldn't heah de hens cackle." "How are you getting along," asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost—''Very well indeed; much better than during my twenty years of married life on earth. Widow (delightedly)—"Then ; „ .. you are in heaven?' Ghost—"Oh! no." Then) was an old man who said; " I Am inventing an ironclad pie, To be sold in each depot, At a rate very cheap, Oh I I shall really be rich by-and-by." family .of John Leech. On her appearing in thi nursery, she was thus addressed by Master Leoch " Nurse, papa says I am one of those children that can only be managed by kindness, and I'll trouble you to fetch some sponge cakes and oranges at once." Proposing a remedy for mosquitoes, the Ham monton Hornet says:—" Place a small piece of raw meat on a plate in your sleeping-room, and the ' birds' will light 011 it and never fly away." Com menting on which the Camden Post remarks "Our 'birds' would fly away with the meat, plate, and all." At a fair of the Congregational Church at Pales tine, Tex., forty young women gave on exhibition drill with fans, showing how gracefully and bewitch ingly these articles can be used. Then the fans were sold by auction, the price depending on the popularity of their contributors, the whole profit reaching 8350. When Sir George Rose was dining on one occasion with the late Lord Langdale, his host was speaking of the very diminutive church in Langdale of which his Lordship was patron. " It is n<it bigger," said Lord Langdale, " than thiB dining-room. " No," returned fair George, "and the living not half so good." A man out West [in America, of course] bought a bedstead, the wood of which was so green tliut one warin spring day it broke out all over with buds, and in a week was covered all over with little groves of waving branches. In the autumn the children picked the chestnuts from the side pieces, and next spring tapped the headboard for maple syrup. "Ilavc you got a copy of 'Milton's Paradise Lost?" asked Gilhooly of Col. Schneider McUinnis, an Austin aristocrat. " What in the world is that V replied McGiunis. " It's a book," responded Gil hooly. " No, bir; I liuve not got such a book. Whenever 1 find anything that's lost 1 return it to the owner. When aid Mr. Milton lose his book? What rervard is he offering for its return 1" Bishop Borne had his dignity considerably taken down when he arrived to take possession of the episcopal palace at Norwich in 170L Being amazed at the number of spectators on the occasion, ho turned upon the steps and exclaimed—" Bless us, bless us! what a concourse of people." "Oh, my Lord," said a bystander, "this is a mere nothing to the crowd last F idav to see a man hanged." A thoroughly well - authenticated anecdote, illustrating Ins excessive tact, was told of Disraeli, soon after lie was created Earl of Beaconsilcld. It appears that not long after his transplantation from the House of Commons to the House of Lords, Disraeli met a brother peer in the street, who asked him how he liked the change. " Like it!" exclaimed Disraeli, forgetting himself for the moment, and blundering out with the truth; " like it! I feel as if I were dead, or buried alive!" Then, seeing 1 he expression of discomfiture on the peer's face, he added, hastily, with a courtly bow and an irresistible smite, "and in the land of the blessed." It is curious that a tunnel between Calais and Dover was an engineering dream of the last century. Ill Sir John Sinclair's correspondence is given an account of a journey he made from London to Paris in 1789, in company with the elder Montgolflcr, when upon arriving at Dover they discussed the pros and cons of a submarine tunnel. They pro posed to ventilate it by barrels of compressed air let out in its centre. A recent suggestion, curiously enough, was also made at that time :— " And if the French should come—a rare oh ! We'll drown 'ein as the Jews did Pharaoh." "The Bubbles of 1835" alludes to the same " happy distich" " A tunnel underneath the sea from Calais straight to Dover, Sir, With sluices made to drown the French, if ever they come over, bir." 