THE name of Christmas has & charm about it which beiongs to no other utterance from the tongue. it awakeua all the softest and tenderest memories, but eyen those which are mournful it robs of their severest pangs by the holiness of the lessons winch it seasonably teaches, and the promises which in its divine essence it holds forth. It is the bridge over which the saddened spirit passus into a realm of tranquil happiness, aud calm delight. For such a spirit as this Christmas may have no passionate raptures; but on the other hand it will assuredly have no acute agonies— its influence will prove serene and benignly soothing. Even with the gloomiest whose hopes have been scattered like wrecks upctji the dark ocean of the past, the presence of Christmas has its brightening and en- I livening power, and the heart whose dismal forebodings hover like ghosts in the mists of the future, becomes cheered by the beams of that heavenborn day whose glory is acknowledged throughout Christendom. Nor is this all. For under the same benificent influence, animosities and rancours subside, the asperities of the old hatreds become rounded off, the sense of wrongs loses its keenneBs, while ou the other hand friends faipsarecemeoted, family ties are strengthened, and the love which ought to subsist between neighbour aud neighbour is felt to be something more than a mere passing phrase of shadowy doctrine. There is something in the hearty, generous, hospitable tone of the British, character which is congenial with Christmas in every sense, something in the cast of a true Briton's mind which 1B akin to whatever is solemn in tbe day, and something in the honest frankness and jovial openness of his nature which makes him welcome it as a season of festivity. Thus in palatial mansions, and in humble cottage/in the Buperb dwelling of the.rich and j r b t ŁIIWTLĄ WTAP O£ FTE PAP? | Christmae is greeted, blessed, and celebrated. It may be that- here the welcome is proclaimed by means of a sumptuous banquet, aud that there it is shown by the spread of a frugal board ; but the expression is the same, the meaning is indeutical, and the greeting is as warm in ihe latter case as in the former. It may be that in one place the health of " Old Christmas" is drank in a saloon flooded' with the roseate light of luxury, while in. another place the scene is scarcely shadowed forth by a solitary candle ; but still the feeling which perrades the humble tenement is as sincere and genuine as any which can possibly exist in the merchant prince's, or \vool king's hall. The sentiment asociated with Christmas is like music, it pervades all spheres, and is limited to none. It is a poetry which appeals to every mind, a harmony which touches & chord iu every soul. It is' the highest type of the Christian^ hope, and implants within the heart those principles of neighbourly feelins, fraternal lore, and universal charity which can alone lead mankind on into a consummate civilization. Ever just and fervid must be the feelings with which the return of the season will be welcomed throughout all coming time. There i6 no heart so utterly desponding thit cannot throb with a sense of relief almost amounting to joy at the presence of a day which is BO full of promise for all mankind, there is 110 soul having a belief in the great incident commemorated by the anniversary festival, that is not elevated and chastened by that creed. Most nations have some great day which is observed as one of religious veneration and festive rejoicing; but of all these sacred holidays, none perhaps teaches a moral so exquisite, or exercises an influence so salutary as Christmas. From the earliest dawn of the child's power of comprehension, throughout a life-time down to the last moment that the breath remains in the body, the name of Christmas is known, cheriehod, and revered. The yrar which is now just on its close has been on the whole, 60 far as the colony is concerned, a satisfactory one. In Europe there have been wars and rumours of wars, but none have been so extensive as was expected. Egypt is now quiescent, and Algeria and South Africa appear to have got over their troubles. The Creswick Mining Calamity will have the effect of rendering Christmas to many families anythiug but merry, but while the results of that accident cannot possibly be altered, there exists the fact that the households which have suffered bereavement have been liberally provided for. In our own immediate locality little or nothing has remained to be desired, and there is the prospect of a harvest, almost, if not equalling the grand results of last season. Sickness has not been prevalent or at all serious in our midst. Whereever it may exist, however, we should endeavor to alleviate the accompanying distress. We trust, however, that there will be little or no occasion for the exercise of charity, and that all our readers may experience " A Merry Christmas," and when it comes, " A Happy New T-ear." With our issue of to-day we also publish a twenty-eight column supplement containing tales specially designed for the season. The quarterly meeting of the Kynetou District Weights and Measures Onion tras held at the Council Chambers, on Thursday. Present: Messrs W. Thomson (cbairmaD), J. B. l'huoison, and T. E. Ewiog. A communication was read from the Railway Departmeut asking for chairman,, signature to a claim for £18 las, which had been preferred by toe Union on account of renewal and return •A the weighbridge. This, the Secretary stated, had been attended to, and the amount had sinae been received. The Newham Shire Council had forwarded £1 Is as its quota of Inspector's travelling expenses. Inspector Gregory Teported that he had made his usual inspection of the distriot daring the late quarter, aDd had collected fees amounting to £16 12s 6d, bat had no prosecution to, report. The following accounts were passed for payment:—E. T. Gregory, £2 10s; (salary), do. £11 Łs 8d; (proportion of fees), G. J. Sands, £1 ii; R. Harper, £5; Pensom Bros. 12s. The business concluded with the appointment of Cr IV, Thomson as Chairman for the current year. On Wednesday His Honor the Chief Jostioe in Chambers, heard an application for a mandatory order calling on the Kyneton justices to show cause why they should Dot grant a pablicau'e license for the Royal Hotel in Piper-street. Dr. Madden appeared for tbe applicant, Mr Thomas Minngue. The licensing bench had been compused of a police magistrate and lioenaing magistrates, the latter being members of tbe borough council, and the license was opposed by the oounoil on the grounds that there were already two other hote sinthe vicinity, and the establishment of a third wonld be prejudicial to the peace of the neighborhood. The justices overruled the police magistrate, who was willing to grant the licence- This gave rise to a peculiar situation, as the presence of the licensing magistrates was open to the objeotion that as they were members of the body opposing the licence, they were interested, and therefore incapacitated from apjudicating. whereas if they left tbe beuoh, their place could not be supplied by other licensing magistrates. The order nas granted. The election of two medical attendants on the members of Court Littlejohn cf tbe Ancient Order of Foresters, took place on Thursday night, when. Dr. Duncan and Dr. Smith were chosen to fill the positions. The match arranged for tc-day at Iiauriston, between the Kyoetoij and Lmriston Cricket Clubs will not be played, ocriog to the inability of the former club to get a team together. The reason assigned is tbe pressure of business oecasioned by the procimity of ihe holiday s. Mr. A'Beckett applied to His Honor Mr-Justice Moleaworth -on Thursday, for an order referring it to the Master in Lunacy to enquire as to the sanity of Mrs Bridget Peters. Her hasbaod and another relative had died within the last two years, and their deaths had greatly affected her intellect, and according to the -evidence of Dr Mclnerney and Dr Griffiths, who lately examined her, she was euffering from melancholia ; wu subect to delusions, sqoh as that "people had obbed. her, and that che would be flylown if she returned 'to .Kynetoji,; and hat people | disease and the age of Sirs' Peters ^she being 52 years old), she was not likely to recover. She possessed » considerable amount of uioney, aud it was desirable that her property should be looked after. This application was made at the macance of a sister of Mrs P«ttTs. His Bouuur said he would require further affidavit*, statiug more specifically tlie delusioua under whic>i Mrs Peters suffered, and he therefore refused tut present application. Monday next being Christmas Day, according to usual custom there will be services in St Paul's Church. The Holy Communion will be administered at 8a.m. and again at 11 o'cluck at murning service. There will be no service on Christmas Day evening. There axe many ways of bringing one's existence in the body to a close, but it remained for au inmate of the hospital, iiiined Frcdeiick Wilmer, to apply his thumb nail to this ead. On a previous occasion. Wilmer attempted cuicide by opoaing a vein in his arm with a razor. His intentions were, however, frustrated and the wound healed, leaving a very prominent cicatrix. On the 13th of thiB month he obtained admission to the local hospital after his arrival from Sandhurst. Yesterday moroing Wilmer repeated the attempt 011 his lite, by upeniug the old wound witli his thumb nail. The discovery was made in good time, and he was stupped before seirous tam had beeudoue. The matter was brought under the notice of the police, and Wilmer nas charged with being a lunatic, before Messrs Armstrong and Stringer, J's. P. Wilmer was too uunell to appear, and the case was dealt with in bis absence. Dra Duucan aud Łaugford testified to the mental incapacity of the would-be euioide and ou their recommendation an order was made for his removal to Kew Asylum as soon as he was well enough to undertake the journey. Dr Duncan iu hii evidence stated that Wiluier Went into one of the closets where he was discovered by one of the wardsmen. At this time Wiliuer bad lott about twenty ounces of blouil. Wilmar had previonaly been inoarcer&tei; for lunacy, but iu what asylum u uot known. He labours under tbe hallucinations that he is a guest of Sir Henry Parkes and that some persons arć tr) ing to rob him. Wilmer is about 72 years of age, aud is in an imbecile condittou. On Thursday last the marriage of Robert Gorett, Esq., son of Georg G ivett, E-q. J.P., of Pasioria, to Miss Lydia (Lily) Laura, second daughter of Gvoriman Teal a, Esq., of Oaklacds, Kyneton, took place in Paul'sCtiurch. The chancel of the Church had been very tastefully decorated with white flowers predominating, by Mrs Hyuduian, MIBS Greene, and Mr Alfred Teale. The ceremony to"k place at 4 o'clock, aud was performed by the Incumbent, the Rev. J. E. H.riiog. The bridegroom WBB attended by his brother John Gorett. Esq., as bast man, and the bride was wai ed upon by fire bridesmaids, tbe Misses Greene, Rogers, Sprigue, and two of her owu sisters. The Bridal March and various spirited marches were played by Miss M, Bayue before the Ccemony, and Mendelsshun's Wedding March, as the bridal party left the Chancel. The bride was dressed in an elegant costume of white satiD trimmed with tulle, and tbe biieesmaids were attired in Indian uiusliu skirts, and white satin budices. There was a very large number of Melbourne and Kyneton friends of both families present, as well as a multitude of onlookers. Amongst the number noticed Mr. J. E. Warrington Sogers, Q.C., Mr. W. H. Greene, Mr W. G. Blair and others. We understand that the happy couple will proceed to Fnrope at an early date. There is now in the hospital an exceedingly old colonist in the person of a Mr Win. Miller who is about 75 years of age. Mr Miller has seen a variety of ohanges in the colony, and claims to have been the first immigrant whose services were enlisted in the colony. Be was contemporary with "Johnny Fawkner" aud Batetnan, Mr Miller is in an exceedingly delicate state of health and suffers from complication of diseases from whicli it is unlikely at his time of life that he will recover. Visitors to Kyneton will have plenty of opportunities of enjoying themselves on Boxing Day. At Trentham the usual races and sports will be held, and similar sports willjbe aff rded at Woodend. At Taradale and Lauriston too, provision has been made for -enjoyment, and iu each instance liberal programmes are placed before the public. The anniversary tea-meeting of the Taradale Wesleyan Church was held on Wednesday evnning and proved highly suocessfuL Following the lea the Her O. Lancaster of Kyneton, occupied the chair, and addresses were delivered by the Revs J. J. Brown and A. Steele, and Messrs T. Bond, and T.N. Wade. On Sunday the anniversary cermons were preached by the Rev Mx Crisp of Daylesford to large congregations. Dr Smith received a telegram from Trentham yesterday, conveying the intelligence that Mr James Connelly had sustained aeriuus injuries to one of his lees, which was supposed to have been broken. Tbe telegram did not, however, furnish full particulars. The M. A. Mail relates that on Monday an employe of Mr Pemberton, Taradale, named M. Nolan, carted two loads of bricks to the Breadalbane Estate. While there one of the horses was bitten by a snake on tbe foreleg. The horse threw itself down, and screamed with the pain. The young man, with great presence of mind, took his naiaibeit aud strapped it round the leg, then bled the horse where he could see it had been bitten, and on applying to a neighboring farmer he dreBsed it with ammonia. The horse, after resting a few hours, was able to walk home behind the drays. 