WHAT CAME OF IT. The three girls were going to spend a jnonth at the seaside — Lydia, Rosa, and Julia Tafferel. Their annt, Miss Ham- let, after keeping them in suspense for weeks — now up in the skies of hope, now down in the dust of despair — at length made up her mind, and announced her decision — to go. ' But I'm sure,' she added, ' I don't know what will come of it,' Charlotte Hamlet had thought fate rather cruel when, three years ago now, she heard of the death of her widowed sister, Mary Tafferel, and that the three daughters she left in the world had no protector, unless she herself became one. The girls had three hundred a year con jointly — that is, one hundred ponnds each, and could have kept a home over their heads by living together ; but they were young for that, and, MiBS Hamlet suspectea, somewnat giddy. Doe was well off herself, and had a roomy, pleasant house. It was not on that score she shrank from the prospect but she was rather an invalid, nervons, and loving above all things in a quiet life. How ever, there appeared to be" do help for it, aud she wrote to her nieces to come. 'We must all have crosses,' murmured poor Miss Hamlet, ' and T suppose this will become one fur me ; but I have been pretty free from them hitherto, and must not repine.' The girls arrived at Stagbrook, Miss Hamlet's village home. The eldest of them was twenty-three, the youngest twentv-oue. Thev turned out to be pleasant, sociable, aud chatty ; full of life and spirits, eager for any gaiety that might tall in their way, and very anx ious, each of the three, to pick a hus band. ' Small blame to them either,' freely spoke up Mrs. O'Malley, an intimate frieud of Miss Hamlet's. ' What do girls expect but to marry ! and sure tbe young men are growing scarce !' Nearly three years had elapsed since they came to Miss Hamlet, and there had been no change, when that lady bethought herself of taking Lbein to the seaside, aud bade them prepare them selves. To get away anywlvere was something, but the place she bad fixed upon Bright- water, was new and untried, not a dozen houses as yet in it, A grand hotel was just built, the size of which might, per haps, make op for the scarcity of other accommodation. It was called the Royal Victoria, and it took its guests by the week, somewhat as a boarding- house does, or after tbe fashion of Scarborough. Miss Hamlet had written to the Royai Victoria to make arrangements, Mrs. O'Malley, who had just returned from a fortnight's sojourn there, having praised it warmly. ' It is not exactly what I like, said Miss Hamlet to her nieces, as they sat at tea. ' I have never tried the life my self, and I fear it will prove to be too f-tmiliar ; but we can leave the hotel at the end of the first week for lodgingsif we choose.' ' Oh, Aunt Charlotte,' exclaimed R»sa, 'it will seem like Paradise after this dreadful Stagbrook. ' Dreadful Stagbrook !' repeated Miss Hamlet, gaziug in amazemeut through her spectacles. ' What do you mean by that, Rosa ?' Rosa dropped her high tone. 'Well, aunt, Stagbrook is dull ; you must know that.' I have never found it so, young lady, and I have lived all my life in it.' ' Yes, aunt ; I suppose that makes tbe difference. IFe did uot think Chichester dull.' ' I wish the holiday to be pleasant to you all, resumed Miss Hamlet, stifily ; ' and I shall take Dorothy Krane.' ' Dorothy Kraue !' screamed all the three girls in chorus. Dolly Krane !' ' Yes ; why not, said Miss Hamlet. She will be a pleasant companion for you.' ' Why, Annt Charlotte, Dolly won't have a decent thing to appear in 1' ex claimed Lydia. ' She'll do very well. People are not expected to be fine at tbe seaside. Fancy dressing np at an hotel !' Lydia kicked Julia under the table, and Julia kicked Rosa. The young ladies were taking evety smart thing they possessed, with enough ribbons and fal lals to fill a trunk. Nearly all Dolly's dresses are cot ton 1' 'If they are they are delicate and pretty,' said Miss Hamlet. More sugar, do you say, Julia She haa her grey silk for best; now that it's turned it looks as good as new. And Dorothy tells me ' « Have you been to the parsonage, Aunt Charlotte T ' Yes ; walked over this morning when yon three went out shopping. Three hours yon were gone ! I was back long before you came id. One would think yon wanted something at eveiy shop in Stagbrook.' All tbe prints Dolly's got have been washed ever so many times, aunt. ' I daresay they have. They'll be just the things for the seaside. Then she has that pretty figured muslin that was new last year ; and for best, she has her white. Not that, as I believe, she will require to wSar it. Dorothy asked me whether it bad belter be taken or not.' 'The white has been washed too,' cried Lydia. ' I wonder Mr. and Mrs. Krane can spare her. How will the children get on without Dolly, - Annt .Charlotte ? — and the parish ? — and the schools?' . . _.r . . j 1 1 : ' Ab well as they can, -answereu jjum Hamlet. ' All work and no play is not good for anybody— least good of all for the young. Dolly needs a change more than you do, and the tears stood in Mr. Krane's eyes when he thanked me for thinking of her. Another cap, Lydia ? The chntch and parsonage stood half a mile from Stagbrook. The Revereod Abel Krane was the incumbent ; a hard-work ing, conscientious man, with a flock of children, and asmall income to keep them on. Dolly was theeldest; and she had to teach and take care of the others, not to speak of the running about in the parish, which chepartlydidforher mother, who was aB hard-worked as ,'tbc Rector. Mrs. Krane, formerly Dorothy Hamlet, was first cousin to Miss Charlotte Hanji let and to Mrs Tafferel, Brightwater was reached ; and the I Royal Victoria proved to be an imposing I white mansion, with pillars and balconies and green blinds. Miss Hamlet found it very comfortable aud liked it better than ahe had thought for. A slight accident happened to her the day after her arrival. In etepping from a carriage, for she had treated the yonng people to a drive, she twisted her foot. It was nothing very serious, needing only a few days, rest So Miss Hamlet re posed on one of the sofas near the window in the ladies' drawing- room, by day, feasting her eyes on the beautiful, ever- moving sea, and conversing placidly with another invalid lady, who had come to Brightwater to recover strength after an illness, and did not seem to be able to do it' quickly. For the girls this was just delightful. Not, of course, that they could rejoice over a twisted ankle, but it was pleasant to be able to go about without the super vision of Aunt Charlotte. The hotel was not half full, but it was enjoying itself. There was a little carpet-dancing, a little flirting, and Bhort moonlight promenades in the hotel garden and on the beach. One drawback tbe Miss Tafferels did find : not a soul of the male sex, then at the hotel, could be pronounced quite eligible. Three or four very young men, who were there with tbeir mothers and sisters, and three or four middle-aged ones, who looked grave, aud no doubt had wives at home, comprised the list. But the three sisters got a great deal of admiration ; they were tall, stylish, and showy, with rather Spanish-looking faces, sparkling dark eyes, and blue-black hair. Their manners in society were perfect ; their repaitees delightful. ' Three charming girls 1' declared young Mr. Pender a dozen times a day, or as often as he could get away from his tutor. « Never saw such beauties 1' Dolly Krane was nowhere beside them : eclipsed as a pale star by the brilliant moon. She was pretty in her way, but of style she had none. She only about came up to Miss Lydia's shoulder ; a slender girl, retiring in manner, sbriuking from strangers, rather than courting them. Not but that her face was a very pleasant one : fair, gentle, with earnest blue eyes, ever smiling, and chiselled features ; her finA Ailkv hair had a sold tinge OQ it. Dolly was kept down by her imperious cousins ; imperious to ber ; and remained in her place accordingly. She was ac customed to think of them as rich and fortunate young ladies, quite above her self A sweet nature, a sunny temper, utterly unselfish, and ever ready to help all the world : such was Dolly Krane, Three or four days after the ankle was injured, Miss Hamlet was able to use it again without much trouble, and she went in that evening, leauiug upon Lydia's arm, to join the dinner in the public room. 'Dolly,' cried the young lady in a tone of command, 'you had better change your place for this one next to Auut Charlotte. Ani then you will be at hand, you know, to help her to any thing she may want,' Now, by a skilful arrangement of the mistress of tbe ceremonies, the elder people were placed together at the head of the table, and the younger ones at the foot ; ahe had been young herself twenty years ago and knew what was what- And perhaps a sort of disappointment crossed Dolly's heart at being called away from the lively company of her own age, to sit with the sober elders. The feeling passed iu a moment. Dully had only lived to serve others, not to indulge her self, aud she sat down by Mibs Hamlet with a loving smile and cheerful brow. Let it be your place for good, Dolly, said Lydia, as she moved away to her own. ' Now I daresay, my dear, you would rather have stayed down there,' said bliss Hamlet. 'Indeed I am glad to be with you, Aunt Charlotte,' replied Dolly — for she bad always called Miss Hamlet ' auut-' ' Please let me stay.' But by that wonderful law of compen sation said to exist in this world, while Dolly was taking her soup, there glided quietly iuto the vacant seat beside ber a tall, haudsome, distiugirished-looking man, whose face Dolly liked at the first glance ; took a fancy to, in fact. It was a veiy attractive face, its features pale and regular, eyes, hair and whiskers of a dark brown, aud a slight brown mous tache. Dolly passed him the salt. He thanked her, and that broke the ice. He began to talk to her, talked to ber throughout dinner, and spoke a little across Dolly to Miss Hamlet His English was very good indeed — a slightly foreign accent being distinguishable at times ; and now and then he hesitated for a word. Once he used a wrong word, and Dolly laughed ' What is it, mademoiselle I' he asked' laughing also. ' What ought I to have said ?' Dolly told him. Though a retiring, modest girl, of innate refinement, she had none of the foolish shyness that some young girls have when conversing with strange gentlemen, and that some affect to have. And — she did not know how it was — but she felt as much at home with him as though she had known him for ten years. He could not be mistaken for anything but a gentleman, and he was certainly a very attractive one. The Miss Tafferels, looking on from the other end of the table, turned green with envy. Miss Lydia wished she had taken tbe seat by her aunt, instead of giving it to Dolly. 1 wonder who be is ?' thought she. ' I suppose he came in by the five o'clock train.' And when the company left the dining-room, Lydia ran to get a sly peep at the visitors' book. ' The Baron de Fierreville.' A baron ! A real, live baron J French, M-n t T w/3in T.iffnrnl mnda a pneti to her sisterS, her cheeks glowing with excitement. There would be somebody worth dressing for now. And from that evening the three young girls dressed all in their best. Feathers aud flonnces wonderful to behold, silks and ribbons and laces ; and, though same people might have deemed . them a little over-dressed, they looked very well. The Baron de Fierreville did not appear in the drawing-room that first evening ; but tbe young ladies made his acquaintance the following morning. It was a very hot clay ; they and Dolly were sitting on the beach uuder an awn ing; when' became strolling -along with yonng Mr. Pender. ' Ob, there Are those charming girls ' cried the young man. 'Do let us join them !' ' You must present me, then,' said the Baron. Accordingly yonng Mr. Pender pre sented him — The Baron de Fierreville-' The three yonng ladies each made an elaborate curtsey : Dolly blushed and smiled. But fate was not kind to young Mr. Pender. It came in the shape of his envions tutor to call him away. A grim tutor, who would not always be put down. So the yonng gentleman was borne off; and the baron was left alone with the ladies. He sat down by Rosa, and they began to talk to him — all three of them, their questions tumbling oot one npon another. There was no room for Dolly to put in a word, even had she wished to. ' How do you like Brightwater, Baron V ' Don't you find tbe bathiDg excellent ?' ' Why did you not come in to join the little dance last evening ?' ' Do you like English girls ?' ' How long do you think of staying P 'I suppose you don't know all the people here yet ? Those Miss r itzroy b are very nice. They had on blue net at dinner yesterday ; perhaps you noticed them. Their father is Sir John Fitzroy, a half-pay colonel or admiral, or some thing : that old gentleman with a long white beard and a bald head.' ' How very well yoa speak English, Baron I Did yon come to England to learn itP ' Are yon a good sailor ? I am a dread ful one.' 'Do you like cruising about in a yacht 1' ' Were you ever at Brighton ?' ' In what part of France do you live ?' TheBe and a hundred other queries the young ladies poured out. Dolly felt uncomfortable and blushed frequently. She could not have put such questions for the world ; did not know how ber cousins liked to do it. The Baron laughed and answered freely — as freely as the torrent of words permitted. He had landed yesterday from a friend's yacht ; had come over in her from Dieppe ; his friend, Captain Close, after landing him, had put off again, was going further up the coast ; he did not see, as yet, mncb to like in Brightwater, but believed he did like English girls ; had noticed the young ladies in blue aud thought them pretty ; had sat outside in the moonlight last night smoking a cigar and talking with the youug fellow's tutor who had just left them ; found him a most intellectual man ; and so stayed there instead of going in to dance ; his home was in Normandy, but for the past year he had been much away from it, travelling. The girls listened eagerly to this, the substance of his answers. Lydia would have much liked to ask him how old he was, and whether he was a noor man or a rich one ; but that wmna have been going a little too far, even for her. 'You have not told us, BaroD,' she said, ' bow you learnt to speak English so correctly. You have scarcely any accent at all. Did you learn it in England ?' ' No, I learnt it at home : my mother was English,' he answered. She brought an English maid with her when she first came to our country, aud wheu I was born the maid became my nurse. She is with us Brill — poor old Hannah !' At home, with your mother do you mean ?' Ab, do,' be replied, a sadness creep ing into his tone. ' My mother is dead : nobody is in the old place now — save tbe servants. When I am at home now, I am alone.' The yonng ladies noticed that he was in slight mourning, and concluded that he wore it for his mother. The conver sation was becoming eminently satisfac tory, for was not this an explicit avowal that the Jiaron was a bachelor. Lydia's lips had been twitching to ask whether he was or not, but it was perhaps too home a question and might have been miscon strued : aud now it was answered without asking ! How lucky ! When men get to be thirty years of age — and he looked to be as much aB that — one could never be at aoy certainty. ' Your father, I gather, is also dead, then, Baron ?' She began again. ' He died many years ago.' The baron got up aud stepped away ; perhaps he was tired of being asked questions ; took a small teles cope from hiB pocket, and stood looking at the sea. Presently he put it up again, turned back to the bench, and sat down at the other end ; which brought him next to Dolly. She was knitting a sock, and he began talking to her about it ' For a little brother or sister, perhaps, mademoiselle ?' 'Yes,' said Dolly, her blue eyes brightening with the success of the guess, as she raised them to his. ' I knit all the socks for two or three of the little ones. It is cheaper ' than buying, and they last longer. ' You have two or three brothers, then — or sisters, are they ?' I have ever so many laughed Dolly. ' Four brothers, and four sisters ; we are nine in alL' ' Are you the eldest of them ?' Yes, the veiy oldest. The four boys come after me, and then the little girls. Mamma often says she is thankful that I came before the boys.' ' But why V ' Ob, because I can help her ; I can do so much for them all. A boy could not have done anythiug.' 1 So you are a very industrious young lady !' 'I have to be,' said Dolly, simply. 'And oh, you don't know — yon can't guess — how delightful it is to have a hnltlaiT and to he at the sea-side. I never saw the sea before ; and now I wish I could always 'see it- Dolly spoke out in her enthusiasm. Her eyes were bent on her knitting ; she was thinking of home. The Baron's eyes were bent on her ; and the other girls saw it 'You had better go in now, Dally,' said Miss Lydia. ' Annt Charlotte may be waDting you.' And Dollytookup her ball of wool, and went slowly off, knitting as she went 'She is not your sister, is she, that : voung lady f asked the Baron. - - I 'Oh dear, no 3' they all screamed at j once, wondering at the little discernment of men, even of real French barons. I They display an elaborate toilette in all I the fashion of the Jay; Dolly bad nothing on bnt a pink gingham, already washed to paleness. Their head-gear was bristling with feathers and steel bugles, and cockatoo tufts ; Dolly's straw hat had a bit of ribbon twisted round it. ' Oar sister ! My dear Baron ! how could yon ! She is only Dorothy Krane, a very distant cousin.' ' Dorothy Krane,' repeated the Baron. ' Krane ' ' Yes, rather an odd name, is it not 1 — spelt with a K. We call her Dolly.' When Miss Hamlet heard that the newly arrived guest was a French baron abb felt doubtful. ' I think,' she ob- observed to her nieces, 'that yen had better not cultivate any acquaintance with him. He was very pleasant aud affable last night at the dinner table ; bnt it is well to hold foreigners at a dis tance.' uooa gracious, annt r exclaimed tne yonng ladies. ' Why, we have been talking to him out there all the morn ing 1' For this conversation occurred on this same day when they came in at lun cheon time. 'Especially foreign noblemen,' went on Miss Hamlet ; ' barons, and counts, ana sucn nee. it nappens sometimes that the titles are only put on, and that those who assume them are but adventurers. I have heard tell of such things.' ' Now, Aunt Charlotte 3 can you suppose such a thing of this one ?' HiB very looks, his manners might tell you be is a perfect gentleman.' 'Some years ago, Lydia, a foreigner came to Stagbrook, and took the best rooms in the place. I forget his name ; in fact, none of us ever got quite at its true pronounciarion ; it sounded like Crassaco, and that is what we called it — the Connt de Crassaco. He seemed to he a eentleman. also Derfect. as von phrase it — with black moustachios that curled upwards, and a lisp. He stayed three months in the place, the young villain, making love to all tbe girls, and winning their brothers' money at pool, and cards, and billiards; and he ran away at last without paying for his rooms, or for any of the provisions that had been furnished by the tradespeople. Now that's true, girls ; and I have sus pected titled foreigners ever since.' The girls laughed. ' Did he make love to yon, Annt Charlotte ' ' No, I was too old for him, I expect,' said Auut Charlotte good-humouredly. ' I was between thirty and forty then : it must be fifteen years ago. But it is all true, I say. I would have you bear it in mind, and not allow this Baron de Feverel to drift into any intimacy with you.' ' De Fierreville, aunt ; not FevereL' ' It comes to the same. For the matter of that, it may not be his name at all. Just recollect one thing, my dears, that he is here without any intro duction — any friend to atuwerfor him or countenance him.' ' He landed from Captain Close's yacht, he told ns,' remarked Rosa. 'Just so,' said the elderly lady ; ' bnt Captain Close — if there is snch a person — did uot stay to confirm this, or a yacht either. He may have landed from the excursion steamer ; one touched here yesterday afternoon, you know ; and not from any yacht at all. What are yon looking so serious about, Dolly ?' ' I was only thinking, aunt Charlotte, that he is what he seems — what he says,' replied Dolly. ' He has a trnthfnl face aud voice ; I don't think he could be deceitful. And I was also trying to recollect where I have heard the name — de Fierreville. When young Mr. Fender mentioned it this morning, it Btruck me as being somehow not quite strange to me.' ' Any way, I desire that you will all be upon your guard concluded Aunt Charlotte. To which advice the Miss Tafferels took care not to listen. ' Dolly's right in that. You can't doubt him,' they said to one another. ' If a prince came down here, auut, in her old-fashioned notions, would tell us not to dance with him !' Aud beuceforth the three Miss Taff erels took the Baron under their especial charge. Other youug ladies staying at the hotel could hardly get near him. They sat by bim at dinner, Dolly being displaced — Lydia to-day, Rosa to morrow, Julia next day. They surroun ded him iu the day time ; they talked to him under the light of the moon. Twice over they got him to take them for a sail. One thing they did not yet succeed iu — getting him to dance. When the quad rilles and waltzes were going on at night, the Baron would be out of doors with that objectionable tutor, who was over middle age and wore spectacles. The Miss Tafferels did not like the learned man at alL What right had musty old scholars to be at a gay watering-place ? Another who did not much frequent the dancing-room was Dolly ; but this was no fault of hers. Miss Hamlet dis approved of indiscriminate dancing, as she did of indiscriminate flirting ; and Dolly was not allowed to sit by and look on. ' Your pipa would not approve of it, any more than I do, my dear,' said Miss Hamlet,, evening by evening, to Dolly. The Baron accepted the patronage of the Miss Tafferels calmly, giving as much attention to one sister as to another. Being the Baron de Fierreville (unless Miss Hamlet's doubts were true), aud a very good- looking and agreeable man, the chanceB were that he was no stranger to the homage of young ladies. Thus a week wore on. Miss Hamlet, finding ber neices did not keep the Baron at a respectful distance, in spite of her advice, washed her hands of them for giddy, silly girls, and rather hoped that some fine morning, npon getting up, it would be found -that the Baron had dis appeared during the night, as well as tbe hotel forks and SDOons. It would leach them what foreigners were worth. ' Yon, Dolly, will at any rate obey me,' Miss Hamlet said, 'and keep yourselfijrut of the way of that Frenchman.' But Dolly had no need of the injunction. She felt so ashamed of the way her rel atives set upon him, that ahe never willingly went within range of his eight, putting aside the fact that the Miss Tafferels took care she -should not go. Some days went on. One morning, when the sun was pouring down on the beach, the three girls stood there, hoping I for the presence of the Baton. Pres ently he loomed into view, side by side with that silent, uninteresting, spectacled tutor. 'Is it not hot, Baron ?' exclaimed Lydia, ' Very,' replied the Baron. ' It will be broiling by-and-by.' ' Bnt you say you don't care for tbe heat, you know,' put in Rosa. ' Yon say you like it.' ' I like hot weather ; it is nearly sure tn he snnnv weather. Sometimes it is too hot for me. We now and then get quite tropical heat here, jnst a few dayB of it; not every summer, though.' ' We had some of it last year, I re member, said Jnlia. ' It was in June.' ' I remember it, too,' he slowly replied, his eyes taking a thoughtful look over the sea. ' We were in Switzerland. It was hot ; we conld hardly bear it' Yon say 'we,1 Baron,' commented Miss Lydia. ' Are yon speaking of yonr mother.' ' Oh, no. Of my wife.' 'Yonr — wife?' repeated Lydia, in a kind of choking tone. 'Did yon say your wife i 'Yes,' he answered, turning to ber. ' My poor mother died long before that' Now I will leave the intelligent reader to judge of the effect this avowal had on tbe Baron's fair hearers. He went strolling farther down the beach with the tutor, and the three young laaies maae meir comments. ' What a shameful thing 3' ' To be staying here nnder false pre tences 3' 'Annt Charlotte is right. These foreigners are nearly all of them pre tenders.' ' He haB come cruisiog off io that yacht from Dieppe to amnse himself, leaving his poor wife to the solitude of the chit tea a 3 And he flirts here and he flirts there, never giving the smallest hint that he is a married man — suppress ing it, in fact. Oh, it is infamous 3' ' Stay a moment, Lydia. Don't yon remember he said one day he was alone at home ; that the chfitean contained only two or three old servante ?' ' It is all of a piece, retorted Lydia. ' He is starring it here nnder false colours. And if bis wife is not left to the home solitnde, Bhe is starring it somewhere on her own account, take my word for that. Small blame to her, as Mrs. O'Malley says. Serves him light 1 Well, I do hate and despise deliberate deceit ! A special pillory ought to be invented for it.' Tbe yonng ladies went in doors. In a tacit sort of way tbey united to hide their mortification, and to say nothing of the discovery. Let eome of the other girls get taken in I As if to reward their magnanimity, a troop of fresh male guests arrived that day at the hotel, two of them looking particularly eligible ; eo the Baron was left in peace by the Miss Tafferels. The following morning, when they had gone for a drive with their aunt, Dolly took her knitting and sat down under the awning on the beach. It was a lovely day, not quite so hot as yesterday ; the son shone on the sands, but it was tem pered by a breeze that blew over the sea- Children were playing about, yonng men and women strolled by the rocks, picking up sheila and seaweed Out at sea, a few white sails glittering in the sun ; a dis tant steamer passed smoothly along, seem ing to touch the horizon. A dainty yacht was making towards the landing-place ; some fishing smacks were putting ont. It was a charming picture of life at the sea-shore ; a life which is healthy because it is pleasant, aud pleasant in that it is lazy. ' Oh, how delightful it is !' breathed Dolly alond, when she had gazed long at the scene. ' If I could but see it always 3 If we did but live near tbe sea 3' ' Sometimes the Bea is gloomy and rough,' said a voice at her elbow. ' How would you like it then, Miss Krane ?' Hecime into view from behind the awning, and sat down, the Baron de Fier reville, startling Dolly. She had seen him go off by an omuibus after breakfast, and did not know he was back again. ' I think I should like it always,' she answered, with deprecation. ' Rough or smooth, the sea must be always beautiful. We cannot have fair weather every day, and must take the bad with the good.' 'Ay; that's philosophy. How is it that you have run away from me of late ?' Dolly blushed to the tips of her busy fingers. ' I have a good deal to do for Aunt Hamlet ; she wants me to read to her, and to give her my arm when she walks,' answered Dolly. ' Where are your cousins this morn ing ?' Tney are gone oat ior a anve wun my annt.' ' Was there not room for yon ?' ' Not any,' said Dolly. ' I should have made five. It would have crushed their new cambric dresses.' Dolly's dress this morning was a simple cotton with pretty bine sprigs upon it. The Baron sat in silence a few moments looking at her, so unpretending, so fresh and fair, with ber clear, pleasant face shaded by its beautiful hair. ' Do you like yonr eonsins ?' he asked. 'Ob, very much. They ate truly kind, aud they give me a great many' things. Did you notice — but of course you did not. How foolish I am 3' ' Now please tell me what yon were going to say, Miss Krane. Did X notice what?' Dolly blushed again. ' You must forgive me ; I spoke without thought It was only whether yon happened to notice a new silk dress I came down to dinner in yesterday. Julia gave it me. It was hers, and she said I might alter it for myself, for people most be tired of seeing me in the grey. Oh, tbey are very r kind, very nice ; yon would like them better and better the more you knew of them.' ' They are rich, I suppose ?' ' Well, yes : rich, at least, as compared with me. Aunt Charlotte says they are eiddv and talk too much' added Dolly, hoping to offer an excuse -for the yonng 1 ladies' behavior to her hearer. ' But they will remedy that; yon know, as they get older.' The Baron laughed. 'Yon young ladies don't put old heads on your ; shoulders yet awhile, do yon Miss Krane S Why, I suppose yon are not more than ' nineteen ?' Dolly looked np in surprise. 'lam twenty-two.' He suppressed a smile. 'Is yonr father a clergyman?' he' asked after a pause. 'Yes. He is the Rector of Stag brook. The Reverend Abel Krane I' Yes,' repeated Dolly, wondering. ' I thought R might be so ; the name, Krane, is not a very common one, yon see. I believe I know him. Rather more than a year ago he was doing duty in Switzerland. I was staying there and made acquaintance with him.' ' It is quite tine 1' said Dolly, her face beaming with delight. ' Papa has nearlv broken down with the home work, and somebody kindly got him a chaplaincy abroad for a month, and he 'went there with mamma. And I am sore now tbat I heard him mention you; I thought the name was familiar to my ears. How glad I am 3' Dolly conld not have defined why ahe was glad : partly, perhaps, at meeting someone who knew ber father ; partly at the conviction this bronght her that Miss Hamlet's doubts were without foundation, that the Baron was what he appeared to be. 'And now you will no longer be airaia or me, or ioor npon me as a live- tailed bashaw,' qnoth be, smiling. Dolly blushed hotly. 'Did you see much of papa ? — did you like him V ' £ liked him, indeed ; bnt I did not see much of him. I was at the place but a week or ten days.' ' Halloa, de Fierreville ! Won't you come lur a sau > lieu glorious day lur it.' The interruption was made by some of the gentlemen staying at the Hotel. The Baron rose, said good morning to Dolly, and went to them. Dolly found herself quite at liberty now to stroll out wheu she would, and to talk to the Baron, if he chose to talk to her ; her eonsins no longer interfered to prevent it. Very often indeed, when she was sitting on the beach, or under the rocks, or strolling on the sands to pick up sheila for the young ones at home, did he join her; and somehow Dolly grew to love the meetings. One evening at sunset a yacht pat in. Its owner, Captain Close, came to the hotel and found his friend the Baron. After dinner, when Miss Hamlet was sit ting out of doors in the soft twilight, a fleecy white shawl upon her shoulders, Captain Close, throwing away the end of his cigar, chanced to sit down in tbe next chair ' Yon are not with the dancers, sir,' said Miss Hamlet, wishing to be soci able. ' Not to night, ma'am. The yonng ladies might hardly care to dance with a man in a rongh pilot jacket. I only came up to find de Fierreville, and did not put myself ship-shape.' All in a moment it struck Miss Ham let that she conld not do better than question this sailor, with the frank speech and honest, weather-beaten face, about tbe Baron. And she did so. ' Ie he what he passes for, would yon aek V repeated Captain Close, in mncb surprise, when be had listened. ' He is George, Baron de Fierreville jnst as Barely as that I am Richard Close, com mander in Her Majesty's navy— for I am not captain yet, worse lack, though people give me the title on Bhore. Why, what else do yon take him for, ma'am ?' Miss Hamlet made a few apologies, explaining a little that cantionB people did not, as a rale, put absolute trust in barons and counts, when they are un known ; that snch gentlemen lived by their wits ; and she wound np by ask ing whether the Baron in qneation was poor. ' That's as may be ; people's notions on riches differ, yon mast know, ma'am,' said the sailor. ' The Fierrevil'e estates bringintwo thousand pounds clear yearly ; and that's an uncommon good income for France, though it might not be thought much of bere at home. Added to that, there was a great deal of money that bad accumulated between the late Baron's death and this one's coming of age, which is placed, as I chance to know, in good securities. Oh, yes, he is well off ; wish I had half as much.' ' You appear to know hiui well, sir.' ' I do, ma'am ; have known him ever since he was in petticoats. There was some distant relationship between- my people and bis late mother, who was a Close before she married ; though I'll be shot if I know what it was ; and I've often stayed at Chateau Fierreville. It's a fine place.' All this was genuine truth ; and Miss Hamlet, wisbing to be just, informed her three nieces, before going to bed, that she found she had misjudged the Baron, who was a real Baron and not an adven turer. 1U0 yuudg inuiee tutcn tucu UMUO into the air. ' All tbe same,' they said to one another, 'he is doing Brightwater uuder abominably false colours.' Early the next morning Captain Close's yacht went out, carrying the Baron with it. And he had never con descended to take leave of anybody 1 'Just the manners tbat might be expected of him ! exclaimed Lydia. Dolly was pacing tbe terrace in the twilight, feeling very down at heart, for which she coold not at all account, the others being in the dancing-room, when she saw the Baron approach from tbe beacb. At first she was not sure hut it might be his ghost ; and with that, or something else, eveiy pulse she had began to beat at fever-heat ' I thought yon had left,' she said, timidly. ' Surely not 3 We have been ont for a day's sail Close wants to cany me off to morrow for good,' he added, ' but I tell him I am not ready.' Dolly looked up at the stars, just making their appearance in the sky. She had nothing to say in answer. He had turned to walk by her Bide. ' How mnch longer will your party be here, do you suppose, Miss Krane ?' 'Only two or three days,' sighed Dolly. ' We have been here nearly four weeks.' ' Shall yon be sorry to leave ?' 'Ob, very. For some things,' added Dolly, quickly — 'theses, and the holiday life. But I shall be very glad to go home again. I cannot think what my mother has done without ma' What will she do without you — later?' ? Later!' echoed Dolly, not under standing. ' When yon marry.' Hot blnshes dyed her cheeks. ' That will never be,' she answered, when she ; conld speak quietly. 'I am not likely to marry.' Do you think not ? Why ?' ' I do not suppose anybody will ask ma' 'But why not, Miss Dolly Come, please tell me,' ' For one thing, there is not anybody in Stagbrook who wonld be in the least likely to — I can't remember one — not that I have thought about it — or — at all suitable,' stammered Dolly, obedient, as nana, but wishing he wonld not say things to confuse her 'And for another thing ' She came to a stand still ' Well, what is the other thing f ' I mean that I have not any money : hot any at all. Yon must pardon me for saying these things. I don't care to speak of them — if yon will please not to question me. He langhed a little. ' How wonld yon like to live in France 1' he asked. ' In a large and pleasant house not tar from the sea — which can be seen from its win dows.' The tODe he Bpoke in was very peculiar — curiously tender; and Dolly blnBhed hotly. ' I — I mnst go in,' she said. ' Aunt Charlotte will be angry wtih me.' But the Baron did not let her go. He caught her hand as she was taming, and stood holding it in his. ' Why do yon want to run away from me, Miss Dolly Do yon know that I leic uiobb ana roe yacns on purpose w come to you ? Let me tell you a little about this house in France.' Four or five young men loomed on the terrace, emoting their cigars. Seeing the Baron, they called him, and Dully escaped indoors. - ' Come back, has he 1' commented Miss Lydia Tafferel. ' He might have stayed away, for all the ornament he is here, or the good he does us.' ' My dear, don't be severe,' reproved Aunt Charlotte. ' At one time you seemed, all three of you, to think the Baron was an angel, if I may apply the word to a yonng man. Latterly yon have been almost rude to him.' ' Well, auut, and with cause. Here he came, flourishing amidst as, never saying who he was or what he was ; passing himBelf off as a bachelor ' 'Stay a moment, Lydia. You talk too fast. How did he " pass himself off" for a bachelor I euppose you mean that yon girls took np the notion that he was one ?' ' Anyway, he did not say he was a married man,' fired Lydia. ' He onght to have let it be known that be was. It was a piece of audacious deceit' 'Is he married ?' ' He is. He began talking to ns the other day about his wife.' ' And pray, my dears, what possible difference can it make to you whether he is married or not ' demanded Annt Charlotte, looking at them over her spec tacles. ' Yon would not; any one of yon, think of a French baron for yourselves, I expect— not even yon, Lydia.' ' UJ course not ! retorted Lydia, witn emphasis. ' Yon don't understand things, Aunt Charlotte. The world is becoming too much advanced for you.' ' I think its yonng people are,' retorted Aunt Charlotte ; and she said no more. But Dolly, listening to this from a distant corner, turned as white as a sheet. Her dream was over. So that she was not very mnch pleased when she saw the Baron coming towards her the following afternoon. Dolly had her foil share of good sense, as of proper pride, and she knew that the Baron de Fierreville, a married man, had not spoken to her like a gentleman the previons evening on the terrace ; no, nor at one or two other times. MisB Hamlet and the girls were gone for a drive again. Dolly did not often get a chance of goiDg ; and she took the zig-zag, circnituous path to a seat in tbe middle of the rock — a sol itary place, rarely invaded by the visitors. But the Baron mast have watched her, for presently she saw him climbiDg up perpendicularly. Fright put other things out of ber head. ' Ob, pray, pray do not come np that way !' she cried out in an agony, expect ing every moment to see him fall back wards. ' Ob, why will you do it 3' But be gained the ledge and the seat without mishap. There were rocks near bis own home, and be bad climbed them from a child. ' Did your fear for me ?' he asked in a low, sweet tone. Dolly was very pale. ' I thought it a hazardous thing to do,' she answered. ' I think it still.' ' Bat I wanted to come to you. I want to tell you about iny home iu France — we were interrupted by those men last night. Do you think you should feel altogether unhappy if I asked you ro come aua live in it witn me, miss Dolly V Dolly pat her work into its little bas ket, and rose from her seat to depart. ' Baron de Fierreville,' she stayed to say, her very lips becoming whiter, ' will yon allow me to ask what yonr wife would think of this, could she hear you ?' 'But she can't bear me,' said the Baron, staring. Dolly burst iuto tears of agitation. ' Be so good as to let me pass, sir. I took you for a gentleman ; I did indeed ; and you told me you knew and esteemed my father !' ' But what do you mean ?' he asked, in astonishment. ' How have I offended yon ?' ' It has been all very bad — on yonr part,' retorted Dolly, in trembling accents. ' To excuse yourself by saying to my face that your wife cannot hear yon is worst ofalL' ' Why, how can Bhe hear ' persisted theB&ron.; 'The Roman Catholics be lieve that the saints and angels hear onr prayers : I am not sure but we Protest ants do. If my poor wife could hear every word I have ever said to yon, she would rejoice rather than be sad. Nearly the last words she breathed to me contained a hope that I shonld find another wife to love me as she had loved.' It was now Dolly's turn to stare, as she tuuK in wnai tnis implied. is your wife dead ?' she faltered. ' She will have been dead a year on the thirtieth of this month,' said the Baron. ' Did you not know she was dead ?' 'No,' gasped Dolly, 'I heard last night tbat she was living. Please for give me for showing anger.' He drew her back to the Beat beside him, pot his arm round her waist, per haps by way of support, and let her have her cry ont. ' Yonr father and mother conld have told yon, my dear, that when they saw my wife with me in Switzerland she was nearly in the last stage of consumption. All hope of . recovery was then over. And, Dolly, I feel snre tbey like me ; I think they will not mind your coming home to the chateau.' For the first time that evening the Baron appeared in the dancing-room. He approached Dolly sitting nearly be hind the window-curtain. ' Yon will give me a dance,' he whispered. I do not know what Annt Charlotte would say,' breathed Dolly in answer. ' I will make peace with Annt Char lotte. Come ! Why,' laughing, as she still hesitated, a short while, and yon will nave to ooey me oi ngnt iCemem- ber that, my darling.' Nobody could believe their eyes. The Baron in the room at last, treading a measure with Dolly Erane ! With Dolly Krane, of all people 1 The measure was a waltz, and Dolly's pretty white skirts, for she had pnt on her best robe that evening, floated about her as she moved round io the Baron's arms, and her eyes were cast- down timidly, and her face was blush ing. Miss Hamlet had never been 60 much surprised in all her life as she was that evening, when, being alone in the little cud-room, she found the Baron de Fierreville, bowing deeply before her, a la mode Francaise, telling her that Dolly had promised to be his wife. And that when she, Miss Hamlet, left Brigbtwater with the yonng ladies the next day but one, he should beg permission to accom- pauj luciu un nis way to Staebrook Bectory, to explain matters to the Bever- end Mr. Krane and his wife, and to ask them to part with Dolly. 1 A French baron !' gasped Miss Ham let to her nieces, when they got into the privacy of her own room. ' Oh dear ! I said I did not know what wonld come of it. The young ladies turned all manner of Colours, and made their comments on the Baron with characteristic freedom. ' Not married ' they shrieked in chorus. A widower ! His wife been dead a year !— why, theD, did he lead people to suppose she was not dead ? — to speak of her, as he once did to ns, as living ? Oh, what a wicked man i — an accomplished deceiver ! We wish yon joy of your prize, Dorothy Krane !' 