SUNDAY READINGS. Under tho heading 'Sabbath Eve' the Prairie Farmer publishes short extracts from recent discourses of eminent inou. We reprint some of tlievn believing that many of our readers will appreciate them for their ' beauty of expression as well as for the truths themselves : — Rev. Dr. Lorimer, of Immanuel Baptist Church upon the theme 'The Harbinger of Jesus,' said: 'My brethren, like John, you are the Lord's forerunners. It is your duty to direct the mind of your neighbors to Jesus, to call on tlieur to repent; and by tho clearness of your testimony, and the consistency of your life, to add force aud authority to your words. Whatever vices or habits may obstruct the way of Jesus in His endeavor to save you must protest against and seek to eradicate. This iu your work ; you must aim to promote every reform ; not, however, merely for tho reform's sake, but that obstacles between the sou! and its ^Saviour may be removed. This is the message '.hat John's career bears you ; aud you, who lire not disciples, it coines to you proaehiug, ..s he did of old, ' Repouc '. the Kingdom of ileuveu i8athaad,' At hand I Yesnearyou — (j) near that you oan grasp its blessiugs even ' ow. But to do so you must repent; yon ijust turn from sin ; you mast prepare the 'fay in your heart, that Jesus may enter in t-nd manifest Himself to you as your Friend s«d Redeemer. And if, at this hour, you afcall put away evil from your thoughts and i| iquity from your acts, within you shall IVis presence be immediately realized, and tiero shall that kingdom be reared which is ujither 'meat uor drink, but righteousness, a*d peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' . !'*ev. Dr. Do Witt, of New York, in opon ,a week of specie! service at tho First ^ist Church, upon .the subjeot of prayer, 'he believed in the old fashioned power, — jiao would like to see the congregation fam rapon itB knees before the might of God am iffer up a fervent pruyer for His counsel and Sroteotion, but prayer without effort was not ,ueh avail as God paid no premium on lazQsa. He expeoted Hia servants to eon tipfPrith their troubles bravely, and on eon ditif' that they did their part He would do Jr L SO PfRessor Swing, in Contral Ohuroh, upon ' Thidjoliticul Reign of the Bible ' conclu ded ott follows. If it be true that there is nowriiouring aloug an intelleotual torrent whiofHS sweeping away in the valley of re ligioiffpfaith, some of tho temples aud tablets of mtkr, the simple history of Jesus becomes a grefoaipland to whioh the alarmed inlmhi. . ,?r(iu Ay for refuge. If the Bible as a ? unit lj)ri for fifty years been suffering a de oliue, e (is oannot bo affirmed of that part of the Ho'iy Soriptures which contains tho life and worth of the Alan of Nazareth. That hill aeeuts less exposed to (iro and flood. That oiii name explains the valuable sorvice the Chufcffl has performod for 1,800 years; it_ accoiivts for mueli of the higher mor ality ancfi sweeter charity of modorn civ iljzatiou 8 it is written on tho altar of the village otoroh, and explains the school and chapel ofkhe missionary as ho toils afar from hii nativd land among tho degraded tribes. Minds which toss to tho winds tho Penta teuch, mi; which omit the word 'religion' or 'God' from tho constitution of States, pauso whefi they come to think ot Him called t'10 'Son (i; Man,' and when thoy cannot seo . H wo||ls or works olear evidence of the divino thojj still bow iu a form of spiritual BubmisBionEvhioh seems to indioate that the old iron 'efipire of Aloses is giving place to tho ropjjblio of a simple- biography ;of Jesus.. The authority of. tho Church changes aloug with the authority of its olnrter, nnrt tho priest who onco punished Kings witn a war or a d(oreo, or who could whip a poasant into tho morning mass with a rod, must now usa only tho persuasion of rhetoric, and say to tho humblest, 'Come, let us reason together.' Tho.reigu of the biography of Jesus is not ending It is most probable ' ,w t - fo,11itlft1t,0'is of that .kingdom aro . work U,n® Pi '' ^ mauy and unseen workmou. Its gonnis. will be rational por Ml v M , ?'0tto wil1 he- lOonie unto Mo tn?,; or °5d are hoavy laden and I will give you rest.' TaW™ r° .Tnlinago, ; at Brooklyn Tabernacle, N. Y., upon the subjoof of ' Tho Mennness of .Infidelity' said.: 'Infidelity KAaSTor thl0L f0i'' Foundoid, 'bakes no b.ead for tho hungry, shakes' up no pillow for the sink, kindles no light for tho dying, rouses no consolation for the bereaved, digs Mean P Vlriln n. 'V°ad' Moan ! Mean I wean I While Christ, our Christ nor wounded Christ, stands ' pointing to the hos pital and says f « « t w.aS' sick, 'and £ gave mo a couch ; I was lamo, and' yd gave me a crunch; I 'was blind and ye 'doetoreii my son?' t 'rP|laned, and ye mhthorrd my soul ; I was lost on the. mountains, and yo brought me i homo Inasmuch 'as ye did it to ono of the least of these, mv brethren, yo did it to me. O, what men and women the religion of tho Bible makes. Fall iiffo lino yo regiments of God, that we u, ay review the troops. I call the roll: John Howard, David Bramerd, George Whitfield/Frederick i\lai'tln Lut.hlir' Adoniram Judson, l)r lufi Henry Alartin, William Wilberforoeii FoLi riu i ? ' Bl9hpP Mnokilvane, Gar-?1' hold, Washington, Victoria the Queen, Hannah Moore, Charlotte Elizabeth Mrs ftigouruey, Florence Nightingale, Jennv Liud, Luoretia Alott, ami 1(1,000 other men and women, living and dead, who stand in the present and the past, aflame with the transpicuous glories of the Christian religion Rev. VV.H. Thomas iu the people's ohuroh, preached upon the subject of 'An Attractive ueligiou. In his peroration he said, death is gain, in that it opens up to the soul its larger life— its ieal life. Down here we see all things through the darkness of the fiesh ; im° 9e.® throu-?h a glass 'darkly.' We aro like children withiu looking out through the windows at the green grass, and the birds, \v L, 1 ' Wo are »ow imprisoned. We feel that we are larger than our bodies; wo know of beauty, and truth, and love just boyotid, hut we eunnot reach them; we weary, we hunger, we cry by the way. But death opens the doors and the spirit goss out into the beautiful beyond. It no longer stands witlni, and presses against the window, but enters the world where the ideal becomes the real ; where alt its beautiful dreams of truth, and beauty, and lovo are realized. In death the Booialidea is not lost, but glorified. Heaven is a society, an immortal society ; a society built up from our earth. Our fathers and mothers are thore ; our companions aud children are thore ; and O, have you never noticed tho ineffable sweetness and tender- ' uess of love m tho dying hour ? That is the love we shall meet and know in tlm life just beyond ; and we shall know each other there, and we shall walk, and talk, and think, and sing, and. rejoice together in the homo above. And this is the attractiveness of the hope that religion bringstoour weary world. It has eheerod all the ages of the long past. It keeps our troubled present from entering tho shadows of a dark despair. By its light we journey on ; we place flowers upon the'coffius ot those we love, and plant rosfm to bloom about their graves ; and by all this we tell of the hope, of the life, the love that is stronger 