LETTER FROM DR. MOXEY REY. JNO. McNEIL. TO My dear McNeil,—Your letter came too late to let you know in time as to the Northfield Conference this year, had it taken place, which I do not think will be the case. Anyhow, Moody will not be there, as lie does not leave Great, Britain for a year to come, and then probably for the N.Convention of 1888 in the month of August; after which he returns for a whole year's work in London alone. The Lord is signally blessing His servant's work, and to me it lias been a difficulty to account for the disproportionate success over all other Evangelists, that Moody enjoys. Doubtless, there are more than one solution, and Sankey's at Norlltfield in 18SO was one,— " That man is nearer God than any other mail here." But I think I heard the best yesterday at a holiness meeting, expressed by a clergyman of the Church of England, Rev. E. H. Hopkins, of Richmond. It was a general remark, not having any reference to Moody. He said, " Some of us are praying for power to win hundreds of souls every time wo preach Christ, and yet, if we are honest, wc must confess that the prayer is not answered. Why ? Because God sees and knows what we do not, that, if ho gave us the power, wo could not stand the success. Wo would be taken up with ourselves and what we had done in comparison with others. When we can get into such an attitude that we can acknowledge that we can't bear the success, and wherein we can roll it over on God to bear for us, then God will be enabled to trust us with the power." Tliis, then, is one of the tilings that you and I, my dear brother, have specially to pray for. Rev. Dr. Pentecost, of Brooklyn, N.Y., takes the noon meeting to-day. I am longing to grasp him by the hand. You may remember in my report of Northfield, he was the man who so broke down and made Buch a humble confession of imworthiness at the beginrung of the Conference. He lias been doing grand work in Glasgow and in the region round about, sincc Moody left for the country towns. He (Moody) is in Dundee now, and gives his last meetings in Scotland at Dumfries on the 15th and 16th ; I join him there. I have already been with him in Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Kirkcaldy. Has dear Mackay told you of our blessed work in Leven ? He is a dear, zealous fellow, and God is owning his outspoken testimony. Stalker, of Kirkcaldy, promises well. He and Henry Drummond, of Glasgow, have been assisting Moody at Aberdeen and elsewhere. But they did the same eight years ago, and both " resiled " not a little from the Evangelistic standpoint. May God keep them steadfast now! I send you a little book on " Spiritual Power" by this post. N.B.—Spritual power is not always to be guaged by its apparent results. Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, reaps at Pentecost 3,000 souls; Stephen, equally filled, reaps a shower of stones ! Apparent results far apart; actual, very close; and it may bo that the persecution and dispersion that followed that stoning did more for the progress of the Kingdom than even the extraordinary revival. Once more, Paul at Philippi must have been filled with the Holy Ghost; there was power to heal present, or Lydia's heart would not have melted as it did, nor could the singing at midnight have compelled an earthquake and shook down a prison—but what was the apparont result ? Only the stirring up of violent opposition, culminating in a cruel beating of the two Evangelists. One could fancy Paul saying to Silas, as they sat in the stocks, " Silas, this game is played out. God doesn't want us, or He never would let his servants be used like this!" Oh ! to be able to sing at midnight under such circumstances ! Oh! for the grace that can equally bear success and the want of it I Oh I for the faith that can see through our present apparent failure, God's future sure success ! God bless you, dear McNeil, and make you very wise. Remember He is made unto us Wisdom. With much love, I am, Your affectionate brother in Christ, 11, South Mansionhouse Rd., Edinburgh, Aug. 13, 1882. Man's word is " realize," God's is " reckon." Where did Paul get hold of the Lord's saying, " It is more blessed to give," etc. ? Perhaps when lie spent that fortnight with Peter at Jerusalem. When they were not having Bible readings or holding Evangelistic meetings, Peter would be showing him all the hallowed spots. And when they came to say " good-bye," we can fancy Paul wringing Peter's hand and saying, " Oh Peter, this has been one of the happiest times in my life. How much I owe you !" " Don't mention it, my dear friend; as our loving Lord and Master used to say, ' It is more blessed to give than to receive." D. A. 'MOXEY. 