HYPERION SURPRISE PARTY, ; Notwithstanding the great attractions pre sented elsewhere on Monday evening the audience at Garner's Theatre seemed, if any thinc. larcer than on previous occasions. Alter a cornet solo oy Air. uaraner, a com mittee of six was appointed by the audience. The Hon. Lavineton Glyde and Mr.' Paries Nesbit were amongst the number. At the outset Professor Rice was nonplussed by one ' committeeman; . This latter worthy, who Bad just listenei with an apparently sensible expression pf features to a request that he would^ think clearly of some tangible substance in the theatre, led the Professor a pretty dance np and down the stalls and away through the pit until the search for the object of his thoughts had to be abandoned, when asked then to name that object, he replied to his hearers1 intense disgust, ' Jk George Spricgs's materialized ghost in this here cabinet.' Many hisses followed this delect able announcement, and murmura arose among the legal gentlemen present concerning the advisability of appointing a commission de lunatico inquirendo. The second commit teeman was a jperson of satisfactory thinking towers, and the Frofessor guided him almost straight to the article imaged in his mind— an opera glass in the stallsr-Tnrs-oegot much applause, and an Oliver Twistish 'askingfor more' on the part of the audience. ' Mr. Fariss Nesbit came next. 'With a 'citizen of gcod counsel, such as he. is, we expected a brief performance to follow suit. The Pro fessor complained immediately on taking Mr. Nesbit's hand that the action gave him a pain in the head as if he were paying a fee. The search was, despite this misadventure, courageously persevered in, but with no gcod result. At length, after wandering about frnitlesslv with Professor Rice as though in league all to find a verdict, Mr. Xesbit handed over his secret and grasp of the miad reader's hand to Mr. H. Y, Sparks. Imme diately relieved from legal pressure Professor flice obeyed the summons, discovering the object in a coin on the watchmiard of an honest taxpayer seated in the stalls. It may be noted that the Professor had just pre viously hit upon another coin near, and very similar to the right one. The fourth test was exceedingly rapid and successful. The committeeman made a psychograph of a very small three- halfpenny piece, carried on ? a chain by a denizen of the pit. Professor Rice at first marched away to the back part of .the house, but quickly returned, as his committeenan's sense of locality became stronger, and soon held the wanted article between his fingers. Then came the Trea surer 8 turn. The honourable sentleman had paired, or ratherprepared, with the Commis sioner of Public Works, who sat in the dress circle. They arranged that a silver ciirar-case should remain in. one of. Mr. Ramsay's coat tail pockets. The Treasurer, -aatrrally, isgood at figures, consequently Professor Rice had everything which seemed like an empty cigar-case speedily under examination. Mr. GTyde# at last fixed the place so strongly in his mind that the Professor stayed lovingly by Mr. Ramsay, and turned out as. many of tne Commissioper's pockets as he dared. Not even a mitd-reader likes to disturb a Cabinet .Minister's coat-tail pocket, especially when the Minister happens to be sitting thereon. But ' Mr. Glycle in a few well chosen wordB expressed suTopinion~that~tD his mind this partial failure was a com plete proof pf the absolute genuineness of Professor Rice's mind-reading. The last committee man made a mental picture of an eyeglass in the dress-circle, but to everybody's surprise and his own disgust the Professor could not find it, this being the most delibe rate and unaccountable failure in which he has indulged since appearing among us. Miss Lewis sang 'Comin' thro' the rye,' and gained a redemand, when she substituted 'Killarney.' After the usual exposes Pro fessor Pace discoursed anent gambling, and gave an amusingly correct delineation of character. The subject was a gentle man unusually good aa an amateur actor, and to those who had lately seen him playing Talbot Champneys it seemedperfectly natural that Professor Rice should insist again and again on the possession of histrionic talents. To-night is advertised as the last performance, and a complete change of programme will be made. Government Tenders.— The follo\rins tenders for Government works were opened on Monday morning, -viz. :— Enpineer-in-Chiers Department.— Lighthouse and quarters at Point Lowly (4), D. J. Virgo; reservoir at Blackwood, second call, no tenders received ; engine ranning-shed at Qnorn (4), lowest not yet declared. Ardiitect-in-Chiei's Department.— Powder magazine and quarters (5), W. Camens ; Hound Hill school and residence (5), E. Dennis; fencing mail station, Semaphore ('-)? G. TJp'sIanrlea 