CONSECBA.TION OP DB. DUNNE. Aw event "which has been anxiously looked forward to for some time past bj the Catholics of Brisbane and surrounding diitricte took, plaoa on Sunday at St. Stephen's Cathedral. This was the consecration of Br. Dunne. aa Bishop of tho Briebane diocese. The ceremony, took place at half-paat 11 in the morning, and notwithstanding that the day was cold and; wet, and that a ohargo was m&do; for admis^. sion, the cathedral was filled to overflowing long before the hoar fixed for the consecration.; Nor was the congregation entirely composed' of Catholic?, there being many Protestants in the Church. While the Archbishop, bishops, and other churchmen were assembling in the sacristies, the congregation had plenty of op* portnniby to admire the very striking decora tions of the high altar, the tasteful work of tho Sisters of Meroy. The wall, to a considerable, height, was hang with heavy orimeon drapery, with 81 suitable ltgend in Latin embroidered along the top, while flowers were disposed about with great taste, and numerous candles'.' shed a religions light around, the whole effeot. being striking in the extreme. The altar space, was covered with a handsome Brussels oarpetl presented by a number of ladies. The ceremony,. whioh lasted from half.past 11 until 3 o'clook, was most imposing, notwithstanding that the muiio, though undoubtedly good, was not of to 1 striking a cbaraotcr aa was expected .from to excellent a choir as that of St. Stephens.,, This was, we believe, owing to the, musical programme having been ohanged. almost at tho last moment. The consecration was performed by Archbishop Vaughan, who, we rogretted to notice, did not appear in suoh. good health as when ho was last here. The'. Archbishop, who was magnificently enrobed in green vestments, and bearing a gold mitre and orozier, was assisted by Fathers Canali and Camming*. The Biehops of hlaitland and Goulburn, who woro whito mitres, assisted the . Bishop elect, and the Rev. Bean Dwyer acted a? Mmtor of the Ceremonies, assisted by the Rev. J. J. IXoran. At half.past 11 all eyes were turned towards ' the directions from whioh the priestly proces-' cessions wero to come, and these were soon scon issuing from the e.iari?ties, ami when the whole body wns congregated about the altar it formed a truly gorgeoae picture. Nob the least noticeable amongst the dignitaries on the. dais was Br. Cani, the Bishop of Bockhampton. After a short prayer, the Arohbishop took a seat in front of the high altar, and then the ' «two assuring bishops presented the bishop elect,' | ^the senior assistant bishop making a short ad rdrees.: The Rev. J. B. Breen read the apostolic i mandate, and the bishop elect took the usual 'oath, and then seated himself, in the chair pro :pared for him. \- Pontifical High Mass was then commenced, ' during which tho bishop elect was conducted * by; the assistant bishops to his chapel, where 'his cope was removed, and he was vested with sandals, pectoral Gross, flowing stole, tunic, :dalraatio, chasuble, and maniple. He then 'prooeeded to the altar and recited the service of the Mass to the end of the Epistle and Tract, after which, the consecrating bishop, the other 'bishops, and the clergy kneeling, and the bishop elect lying prostrate, the rich voice of the archbishop wsb heard intoning the Litany of the Saints. The nest portion of the ceremony consisted of the anointing of the elect. For this purpose the head of the elect was wrapped round with linen, while the '* Veni Creator" was -being snog, and the consecrating bishop, hav ing taken off his gloves, and an apron having boen laid over his kneos, anointed the head . 'of the Wshop elect who knelt before him. 1 After this ceremony, the consecrating bishop ; washed his hands, And the eerviee was con- j tinned. While the anthem was being repeated the consecrating bi-hop resumed his seat and mitre, and anointed the bands of the elect, who waskneeling before him with joined hands, which were then bound with linen. The crozier having been sprinkled with holy water was placed by the Archbishop between the fingers -of the elect, the ceremony, with a slight variation, being repeated in connection with the episcopal ring. Nest, the consecrat ing bishop took the Book of Go*pele, hitherto held open over the shonldera of the elect, closed It, and presented it to the touch of the newly eonsecrated, and then the new buhop received the kiss of peaoe from the three pro'ates, and retired, accompanied by the assisting bishops, to;his chapel, to have his head and hsnd* wiped from the anomtiog chrism, ana mass was resumed to the end of the offertory. The next important ceremony was the offering by the newly consecrated of two loaves, two vessel* of wine, and two wax torches to tin consecrating bishop, whose hand he kissed. At communion the consecrating bishop and th-a consecrated partook of the same host and chalice. After the communion the consecrated with the assist ing bishops went to the goyp-1 side of the altar •and continued tbe mass with the consecrating bishop stationed on the ep-'s'le sido. Aftrr the archbishop had blessed the congregation, he blessed and sprinkled the mitre, which he then placed on the head of ths new bishop, the blessing and drawing on or tbe gloves followed, and then the consecrating bishop placed the new bishop on his episcopal throne, and the ohoir sang with gracd effect the To Doom, during the singing of which the assisting bishops conducted the newly consecrated bishop round the chnrcb, (he people receiving his bleating as be passed amongst them. After the service had been farther continued some I time, the new bishop, standing in the centre of the'altar, gave his blessing to iho assembled people. The sermon was preached by tbe Bight Bsv. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, who took for his text tbe words taken from the 20th chapter of Acts, 20th verse—u Take heed to yourselves, and to .your whole flock, whereiu the Holy Ghost has pledged Bishops to rule tbe Church of God, which he had purchased with his own blood." At the close of tbe ceremonial Bishop Dunne unrobed and returned to the church, when a large number ofihe congregationhadtho oppor tunity of kissing his episcopal ring. . The Evaxnto Sbbvich. - ' At the evening service at St. Stephen's Cathedral the newly-consecrated bishop ap peared in full canonicals, and assisted in the service. Archbishop Vaaghan preiched an eloquent sermon, in which ho referred to the proceedings of the morning. ''."We must not omit to mention that tho very valuable jewelled mitre and (silver giltcrozier, gold cross And chaiu, with which the new bishop was invested during the ceremony of consecra tion, were presented to Dr. Dunne, at Dara, on Saturday afternoon, by Dr. O'Doherty, on behalf ef a large numberof influential Catholics. 