NEWS OF THE BAY. Our English telegrams this morning state that Roderick M'Lean, who fired a pistol at the Queon as her Majesty was driving from the Windsor railway station, has been again brought up at the Windsor police court. Somo evidenco was taken, and M'Lean was then committed on a charge of treason felony. His trial is to take place at Reading some time during April. Mr. Gladstone, speaking in tlio House of Commons on the Bubject of tho Government purchasing the railways now in the hnnds of companies, declared that it was quite impossible for the Ministry to entertain such a proposal. The popularity of the Premier appears not to have in any degree diminished. Ho re ceived a complete ovation during a visit to her Majesty's Opera House, the utmost enthu siasm being manifested by the audience. The disappearance of tbo body of the late ' Earl of Crawford from the family mausoleum atDunecht still remains as much a mystery ns ever. The present Earl has called in the aid of several leading English spiritists to assist in finding the body. When he held the title of Lord Lindsay the present earl was one of the most prominent men in English spiritualistic circles. According to our latest cablegrams another Ashantee war is imminent. Hostilities arere- ported to have been already commenced by ono native tribe. Matters in Tunis nlso con tinue disturbed, but large reinforcements are being despatched by the French, with the de- determination of spcedilycrushingouttherevolt. The Russian Government i3 stated to be exer cising the utmost limits of its power to incite the Bulgarians and other Slavonic races to declare war with Turkey, for the expulsion of the Mohammedans from Europe. The Aus trian troops aro now rapidly overcoming the Herzegovina insurgents. General Skobeloff has been strongly reprimanded by the Czar for his recent diatribe against Germany. The Chinese question has come prominently before the American Senate. The Foreign Relations Committee recommended the" entire prohibition of Chinese immigration for '20 years, and only making a conditional exemp tion in favor of Chinese officials, merchants and students. The Senate has adopted these recommendations, which are embodied in a Chinese Exclusion Bill that has just been passed. The s.s. John Elder is telegraphed as having" passed Cape Borda at half .past nine o'clock last evening. Executive meetings will be held on Tuesday and Saturday next, in order to clear off all business before the departure of his Excellency the Governor, on the 20th, for Queensland. The autumn meeting of the Victoria Rac ing Club was brought to a successful termina tion on Saturday, The attendance was again large, despite the unpleasantness of tbe weather and tho hot wind which blew all day. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Normanby and suite attended the course during tho after noon. The high excellence of the racing peculiar to Flemington was well maintained, and the fields which contested the events on the pro gramme were of an imposing character. Premier attention was directed to the race for tbe Newmarket Handicep, which attracted the unprecedented number of thirty- seven starters. Hesperian and The Ghost were the leading favorites, and next to these Larpent and Hyacinth commanded most respect. It was an interesting race all through, and was gameiy won by Hyacinth in the last fifty .yards. The horse found many backers, and his victory, therefore, was not regarded with favor by the bookmakers. The cricket match between the Australian ' eleven and Shaw's professional team was ad vanced a stage on the Melbourne ground on Saturday in the presence of about 8000 spec tators. The day was one of the hottest ex perienced this summer, and the players suf fered severely, but they struck to their work manfully. The Englishmen completed their first innings, making 309, nnd the Aus tralians going to the wickets had lost only five for 228 when time was called. Of this number Murdoch made 85 by a splendid exhibition of cricket; and the princi pal scorers amongst the others were M'Donnell, 41, not out ; Batraerraan, 37 ; Horan, 20 ; Mnssie and Giffen, the other men who are out, alse obtaining double figures. The bowling of the Englishmen was very good, but the field ing was not first-class. The match will .be re sumed at noon to-day, when there isevei-y pro bability of tho Australians reaching, - if they do not overtop, the score made by their oppo nents. . The intercolonial cricket match between Vic toria and South Australia was resumed at Ade- -laide on Saturday, when the Victorians re sumed their innings, the last wicket falling at lOtj. The South Australians made 200 in tbeir second attempt, thus leaving the Victorians 214 to get to win. The latter will enter on their second innings to-day. The land revenue, according to the depart mental estimate, is coming in in a very satis factory manner. On the 25th February the deficiency on the estimate of revenue from selectors' rents was £37, but on the 4th of . March there was an excess over the estimate of £5909. On the 25lh February the defi ciency on the cstimato of the land revenue from all sources was £7590. On tho 4 th March this deficiency was converted into a- surplus of £800. The above is a departmeutal estimate, but the Treasurer considers that when certain deductions and allowances are made the result will not look so satisfactory. The revenue from auctions is a long way be-- hind the estimate, as tho land has not been sold, and he expects that the revenue from - other sources will bo in arrear, though in many ' branches it is satisfactory. The first meeting of tho Ford board will take place to- day. It would appear that tbo board consider the inquiry will lust some time, as they have taken a room at the Custom House for throe months. The inquiry will not be open to tbe press. In about ten days tho board will pay a visit to the Barwon viaduct and other works, the design and execution of which have been called in question, and the responsibility of alleged defects cost on Mr, Ford. The arrangements hitherto existing, under which lines of omnibuses were subsidised for ruuuing between tho Hawthorn railway station and ICew and Camberwcll, Soutli Yarra station and Toorak, St. Kilda Btation and tbo Village Belle, expire to-day. Tho Minister of Railways lias delayed calling for tenders for tbe continuance of tho service, bat on Saturday Mr. Bent notified that the service would bo temporarily continued- for another month. The Commissioner of Customs has directed Messrs. Eraser and Co. to conduct tho sale of forfeited smuggled goods which were seized by the customs officers on the premises of Chinese merchants. Tho sale is to take place this week,- Messrs, M'Clor.Valantine-and.. Co. have been appointed to condnot the sole of nnnln.imw| goods which have accumulated during tho lost three years. The Engineor-in-Chiof on Saturday in- .- spocted tho Hawthorn nnd Lillydalo lino _ for the purposo of deciding tho sites of tho stations to bo erected. A telogram lias beon received by tho Chief Secretary from, tho Indian Government, notify ing that they (tho Indian Government) aro prepared to purchase horses for the army for tho year 1882-3, 1 00 to bo delivered at Madras, and 75 at Calcutta. An extradition warrant for the removal of Thomas M'Manus to New South Wales was signed by his Excellency on Saturday. The prisoner, who was arrested at Ararat and lodged in the gaol there, is charged with having, on or about the 20th March, stolen a horse at Hay, Mr. John Bunkin, the foreman of the water boring operations at Avon Plains, in the Wimmera district, writes as follows regarding the recent discovery of water in the district : — " I have forwarded by post this day a packet containing samples of rock at present being passed through in No. 4 bore at the depth of 138 feet. The rock is necessarily more solid the further I get in. In reference to the fresh water obtained in this bore, I have to inform you that the St. Arnaud shire have put down a trial shaft near the bore, and they struck the water yesterday evening. The water was coming in faster than the men could bale it out with a five-gallon bucket. I went down the shaft and found the water bubbling up through a cavity in the bottom that I could put my arm down to the shoulder and feel no end to it. In half a minute the water was up to my knees. This morning there is 4 feet 6 inches of water in the shaft. The clay is dis- solving and falling in, giving the water a bitter taste. A request has been made to the council of St. Arnaud to sink and timber a permanent shaft. Mr. Abernethy put down a shaft on the east of the lake last week and got fresh water in similar rock to this obtained here." This discovery, with others of a similar cha- racter, goes a long way towards confirming the theory that a very large part of the rain fall of the colony finds its way to the sea by means of subterranean watercourses. Mr. Couch- man, Secretary for Mines, and other gentlemen whose opinions are equally entitled to respect, profess to be certain that an immense body of water finds its way underground to the sea. They point to a large number of creeks and rivers of large proportions in many parts of their rise and course, that entirely lose them- selves on the plains in the north-west part of the country. It is considered that careful search, by means of water borers, will reveal the course of these underground streams and en- able settlers to utilise the water. The weather of yesterday was a welcome change from the severe muggy heat of the pre- ceding-few days. From Saturday afternoon until about three o'clock on Sunday morning a fierce north wind blew, causing a tempera- ture which made sleep almost impossible. However, early yesterday morning a welcome change took place, the wind going round to the S.E., and continued to blow steadily through out the day. When Mr. Justice Molesworth was taken ill same time ago, his Honor the Chief Justice was appointed to act as chief judge of the Court of Mines. Ever since that date Sir Wm. Stawell has acted in that capacity until now, but as Mr. Justice Molesworth has re sumed the full charge of his duties, Sir W. Stawell has resigned the position, ns was ar ranged at the time ho temporarily undertook tho duties. The greatest inconvenience was caused on Saturday by tho precipitous notion of the Emerald- hill municipal authorities in closing tho Falls-bridge foi repairs, which wore carried on during the gtf . '.iic part .of the day, and caused the stoppage of all tho largo and im portant traffic between town and tho south siJe of the river. It appears that some mis understanding arose between the surveyors of the two mucicipnlities, as Mr. Watts, the city surveyor, had made every preparation for effect ing the necessary repairs to-day. As the repairs were required on the south end of tho venerable structure, the Emef-jld hill town surveyor set his men to work towards eight in the morning. It seems that no notice was given even to the 'bus company, anil during the day much vexa tion of spirit wiyi caused by the unexpected barricading of the bridge. The adjourned application of J. B. Slack, for the transfer of the licence of the Star Hotel from Mrs. Donovan to the applicant was heard at the Emerald-hill Court on Satur day, before Mr. Panton, P.M. The applica tion was opposed by Mr, Godfrey, but after hearing the arguments the magistrate granted tho transfer as applied for. About seven o'clock last night a fire broke out in a six-roomed wooden building situated in tho Heidelberg-road, North Fitzroy, occu pied by Messrs. Stewart and Swinbourne. It appeared that a boy named M'Conville was lighting the gas, and in so doing he managed in some way to set fire to the place. On the alarm being raised the neigh bors flocked to tho place and reudered what assoistanoe they could. By their efforts the larger portion of the furniture and effects were saved. " The firo spread rapidly through tho premises, and burst through the roof, the interior of tho buihiiug being more or less gutted. Tbe Collingwood Union Fire Bri gade were promptly in attendance, and were quickly followed by the Collingwood, City and North Fitzroy brigades, and by their endeavors the flames were got under control. It was stated that the damage doue by the fire, which was estimated at about £200, was covered by insurance. Tbe house was owned by Mr. 11. Devenish. A correspondent named T. W. Murb writing to the Lands department from Free- ling, South Australia (6th March), says : — " I learn that the Koowetrup Swamp is to he drained, and the land sold." He then asks on what terms, and what other laud in Gippsland is available for selection, adding, " I know of scores of bonS jide farmers who, through the continuation of bad seasons and tho poor pros pects which this colony affords them, are enn- tem; lating leaving South Australia, and are only waiting for a more promising field for agriculture to offer itself, when thoy will quickly bo gone." The writer will bo in formed that after the Kooweurup Swamp is drained the land will probaby be sold by auc tion, or allowed to be selected in snch a manner that tho cost of drainage will bo made a first charge on tbe land. Information will also be forwarded showing that a considerable area of land is still available for selection in South Gippsland, though much of it will cost a large amount of labor to clear it. Au inaugural annual dinner of sorters con- nected with tho General Post Offico was given on Saturday eveningat Gunsler's Cafe. Mr. M. C. Powell occupied the chair, and amongst the guests was tho Postmaster-General, Deputy- Postmaster, and Messrs. L. L. Smith and Laurens, Ms.L.A. Thecompany altogethercon- sisted of about 1 00 persons. Aftcrdinnera num ber of toasts were proposed. Mr; L. L. Smith, M.L.A, responding on behalf of the invited guests, congratulated the sorters.unon having, by combined and continued action, induced the department to establish the system of making promotion according to seniority, and regard less of political influence. The annual picnic of tbo Bootmakers' As sociation took place on Satnrday. The ex cursionists, to the- number of about 1200, left Sandi-idge for Queeuscliff by tbo Williams and Goldeu Crown steamers shortly after seven a.m. The trips to and fro were ainong6t the pleasantest part of tho day's outing, the hot wind being considerably tempered in its pas sage over the water. At Qneenscliff sports and a variety of amusements were provided. Early yesterday morning the shop of Mr. Nicholson, tailor, Smith-street, Collingwood, was broken into, and three coats and several moleskin trousers stolen. The thieves ap peared to have gained entrance by catting through a panel in the back door, and then taking out the key and opening the door. There is a Chinese leper at Castlemniue, and tho authorities there eudeavored to have him removed to the lepers' quarters at Balla- rat, but the Ballarat authorities refuse to do mora than to provide quarters for their owu Asiatics who are afflicted with that disease. Arrangements, therefore, have been made by the committee of the Castiemaine Benevolent . Asylum to house the man suffering from leprosy in that town, in a hut in the Benevo lent Asylum grounds, the Government paying the expenses entailed in hi3 keep. A painful accident occurred about five o'clock yesterday afternoon to a boy named Alfred Murray, aged 11 years, residing at Napier-street, Fitzroy. While endeavoring to climb over a pile of logs on the wharf, the logs rolled over on to him, crushing and mutilating the poor little fellow horribly. He was at once removed to the Melbourne Hospital, where he was found to have sus- tained serious injuries to the abdomen, his foot being also crushed out of all semblance to its natural form. He expired from his in juries shortly after his admission. . .. Tho following casualties wcro admitted Into the Melbourne Hospital during Saturday aud Sunday : — George Thornhlll, aged 78, residing at Berry-street, Collingwood, suffering from a fractured thigh, caused by his having been run over by a milk-cart at the intersection of Swanston and Little Bourke streets ; William I Mitchell, aged. 42, residing at Franklin-Btrest,. i West Melbourne, Buffering from a fracture of the leg, caused by a fall on the pavement ; Alico Sullivan, aged 56 years, rending at Bcn- nett's-lane, off Little Lonsdule-strcet, who hod fallen do\en in a fit ; Charles Walker, Athor- ton-strcet, Fitzroy, suffering from injuries to his chest ; John Diiggan, constable, suffering from injuries to the hip joint, sustained iu getting over a fenco at fho Royal Phric ; Hugh Savage, residing at Russell-street, suffering from injuries to the leaoe, caused by a fall in tho street. A small firo occurred on Saturday, about half-past threo p.m., in a yard at tho rear of Messrs. Cameron Bros.' tobacco factory, situ- atcd in Bourkc-strect west. A small quantity of lumber, from some unexplained cause, caught fire. It, howovor, was extinguished by tho neighbors before any damage was done, Tho Insurance Fire Brigade was in attend ance. A snako measuring about 3 fcot was caught yesterday afternoon in tho Fitzroy Gardens by a voting man named Harrison. The reptilo belonged to tho tiger snake species, and waB killed whilst crossing the path at the lower end of the gardens, whore a number of small chil dren frequently congregate. A season of Binaforo will commence this evening at tho Opera House by the Australia! Juvenile Opera Company, under the joint management of Messrs. Cohon, Darbyshira and Israel. The usual organ recital was given by Mr. David Lee, in liis capacity as city organist, at tho Town Hall on Saturday night. The pro gramme consisted chiefly of popular selections of a miscellaneous character, which havo boon frequently played at previous recitals. At the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening Mr. Grattan Riggs made his last appearance. Tho Irish drama, Cushla Machreo, was played, and tho performance concluded with the popular drama, Mysteries of Now. York. Mr.,;- Grattan Riggs appeared in. both pieces, aud . was accorded a hearty reception. This oveaing tho well known drama, the Lancashire Lass, ' will bo revived, Mrs. Walter Hill appearing ' as Kate GarstoDC, and Mr.' Groville as A . Barty by the Namo of Johnson. Tho Professor attracted another crowded house at tho Princess's Theatre on Saturday evening, and the performance was received with unabated favor. ' At St. George's Hall on Saturday evoning tho Walker Family of Bellringers mado their first appearance. Tho entertainment was well received, and several of the popular airs played on the band bells elicited hearty applause. Mr, J. C. Crofts uIbo apopared in - several character songs, and Mr. E. Amery gave a good rendition of several popular songs. The entertainment concluded with an amusing farce, entitled Chain Lightning, in which Messrs. W. Walker, Crofts c,nd Corbett took part. Mr. J. Lako gave the third and last of his dramatic readings and recitals in aid of the Cathedral fund, at the Athenasum, on Satur day evening, when thero was a largo attend, ance. The pieces selected by Mr. Lake wore the same as those given at a recital by him at the Prahran town hall a short time ago. Mr, Lake's ability as a dramatic reader is fully established, and he was warmly applauded for the selections rendered on Satnrday evening. It is to bo hoped that Mr. Lake will on future occasions make his appearance before the public, as on entertainment snch as he is capable of giving will always be regarded with more than common interest. During tho evening Miss Christian and Messrs. Lincker and Bergin gave several vocal selections, and Messrs. Curtis, Hart and Summers played two trios. The Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was well attended on Saturday evening at the Total Abstinence Society's weekly people's concert. The various portions of tho pro gramme, which was an interesting one, wcro well received. Miss Dwight was the pianiste, aud Mr. D. Springfield chairman. Settling over the lato V.R.C. autumn meeting trill lako place at Bowcs's Hotel, Bourke- Btrcet west, at noon to-day. The mission eerTice this evening at Victoria.parade church will commence at a quarter to uirht. The Hev. Robert Scott, of Chalmers Church, will address the meeting. A meeting of tho sunportere of Sir. Charles Smith, ono of the candidates for tho City Council for Latroho Ward, will bo hold this evening, at ohjht, at tho Port Phillip Cltlh Hotel. Tito numher of cases relieved weekly hy the com mittee of t ho Melbourne Ladles' Benevolent Society for the fortnight ondlng 7th March wa3 us follows; — Kamllies, 540 (numbering 1413 individuals), com prising—widows, 323 ; sick and infirm, 60 ; deserted wives, 42 ; wives w.hnse hushands are in prison, 3 ; wives Whose bush&tids; aro absent, 13 ; wives 'wlinito busbandsaro partially employed, 11 ; do. unemployed, 13 ; aged couples, 35 ; single women, 20 ; outlay during the fortnight in relief of eases, £134 03. 4cf. Industrial /loino— impales, 32 ; expenses for the fork pjgtit, £21 5s. ; earnings do., £24 13s. ,4d. 