GXDEOH FLEYCE.* a puuiku. note. : Br hmr 7. Lrcr. CEinn XXVriL St T3M rilLKs*. TIM 'j jieoiz M be tnfti hcevfiy aioug it-4 sxiij m*da s&*r lad ts gfrr«»> m«}(i{ 12 vtis to in though U* (tsssmt «B^j* c< sbe kjs ramttms acJAlift gsu.5i«eE*£ of i xwn* m*£ c£ tfce Ik* »:«■ fight vgddsfi law 5K t£iS"5C*se Biatww to CM •".!..»£X»««, and frafii ^irif let tie of pcetsi® feagfass. and atnld efc«55j bate res the «■■££«( <£ *** «agg»«r»* «>T*JT.»»ITTl«Srta of tfc* f—« Case. At s» sac Sb"S" disc*, rexs *u monad fey feat *"* wax. ami ra ta-wis as ■it aa frawESus £*.% sns.- ta* wall. —i j«rji.u-y laouiix cf Lnzse siii' t*Tt I iiMiiiiiif fee i*-»»"»"-*** ibic pcra«Brt_oc vtlxu^z sat ai yn»T XW* en ss* mx j-jsl' ~-:t flwiuiirf ;mtn §bs& If tss. »x-:c- a? a cie wr it up* ^BBmHiea. Ti*t i ; ,iK t-tti »• fnt* Ttf'TIKu"t jjSfV. iU«£ »2* SifcUC-yWt Wfcj waemrawifLy yiKafiHt s? v. one y*a£zz% •-< q^SBSiww f* ■:£ *se»i± wxniu sccixr umnnjw tot* tSX&B-; TIT"*" '-*"" ",'r "1 'l'-wlef aae uL awm <c£ x. TW pra jga~T! l:OC KCt -" f hot R fsen Sim* aiie* p<«-r &nriini;''if m inrasr esiksiisi ji; "t ir-i.c. ~m Sir et«* ifHHssKam. ®c ue I xas am 4. sr.cmptn aae fa»t a**i*iC :osi.T»iI lie :tyfin» «ait jf is ami te srsojt m I'1* aaainnmia -azruisl x inzi inwrnf aZa2£E* 4»mt trtm ti-wojMi n*. £.C5 ace 3p*zrs»» ~n» ail ais TWJZjSSHI ±2>tt OS* SAT* ffc— — jarrfun j-SHEit ami f«E1*5® WafcMMg Y™^ m ssi Sir—wuica. ssiseed, ww a »a» ^ '•= ~~ _ s . , eirnnwr 1HK WIHfSlS IT", ni SB* ItTTi'S ® tt* — — -- " —Ct jwim-1"" »nu ssga«BJt ssaa* waa-* aynairia lafidiBU tnomt *1 Ur.WC tSSKJl CK "ll|aiT jg Jppiyy ft Ctt B&ft; 8<55ift vu ftx to fines? is s tm,rm ]g -w»r as* ln&i; vaiae road aai the «m-r in/U -frfirfj n '" ,1 fat GlieCC S Ti* *i3il «t mK eo frwa is tfa* tMa aa ax tz* scwarf, a*d ta adtitwo to b* T^*** <d doxd there wm «ta» opjaja^y ogftBBi^&iSG; of ®cic* fw® vfc&h; t>JC tfe* HW*S P**t hid to «L It (H («et Badpijcfat here M a «e wish G-^*or trBi«se* akne tte road vith 'tm feat <% the back ol bead, aod tboae B«d-«arB*d ean&e;&ta; vbteh at any other wenid base canted him posgoaot Hit ttm»a vexe mosBenta when the moots Ikbt, if It eoold only baTt etormed the h-i^ of the ehotter, might bare lit op lone of the rooms in the bijoc residence, and diacorertd what waa in them. As for the upper etotiee it wonld not have foand mash dost The old gentleman had not cone in largely for fornitore, and what he fml poteeeeed himaetf of be had for the moat pert left bebina in Carlton-street, debiting it at cost price to hie only eon. Therefore, when, long failing a tenant for the boose wboee suitability for bachelors of fortune was persistently decried by that class, be came to reside in it himself he was sot met by the neceeuiiy for lavish expense by porters, f ami tare removers, and other harpies, who gather round a dismantled household. Since people of weak nerves wonld not have cared to be in these npper rooms at midnight, their footsteps mnffled by the tfeiA carpet of dost, and only the moon light (supposing it could have got in] to light then!, Even the knowledge that down on the ground-floor was the lively old gentleman, who was sole tenant, would not have altogether removed the feeling of an plnseantnrnt The rooms smelt so musty, fnH looked so desolate, and had such strange echoes when their stillneas waa disturbed by the slightest sound, that even persons of ordinarily strong nerves wonld have felt a little creeping of the akin and a general desire to get down stairs, into the company -* skostnU *W dkia of the end gentleman, though on this particular night he coola PVMVUW. «-»»v not reasonably be expected to be found in a good temper. So, on the whole, it was jnc aa well for the moonlight that it conld not get in, and after a wbUe it Rave np the quest, passing on down the street, and leaving the bijou residence in dark shadow. It would be aapposed with increased certainty that even if you got in by tbe front door in a single piece, fortuitously evading the separative tendencies of tbe old gentle man's masterpiece, yon would find every thing dark, and everybody gone to bed. Such a conclusion would have demonstrated afresh the danger of hasty generalising. There was no light upstairs, no light in tbe bell, ntter darkness in the little crib at the back of tbe diningroom originally designed tot a lavatory, hot now utilised as a place of repose where through summer and winter uigbte the old gentleman stretched his lively body, slept tbe sleep of the just, and dreamed alternately that he was being robbed and that he bad discovered a gold mine. But in the front room, where the safe Is, and where we had the honour of first muring the proprietor's acquaintance, there were both light and company. The illumination was not much, and was yimnst *s fitful at the moonlight. It came from the rusty grate, and wee tbe generous legacy of fight and warmth which Gideon had toadvertenuy left behind when he emptied tbe coal scuttle in the grate. That procedure had been very critical, and had long seemed to promise duaeter. When Gideon had de serted end after the old gentleman had off a Uttle surplus energy and a good 'Ifffnfwlwalt, be had gone down on hie knees and peered through the bats to discover whether there yet wis left Anything of the fire. action. Now it seemed out altogether, and gentleman gave ft up for a had job. Am ha reflected, there are few evil things SS^u-e: srSbh illre$fl5^t*o thstanflWent heat might " TthflTTf^t """ the compound. Sot i tberf irAS Oofiif how conld it be done, do tnat>7 howover vAvenous his appetite. Id hi indlned do oat cold aoouae. At ifench there were it was not forth# to encourage irngolarities. iTofifC.no supper. There it was, assay maariot aee, ready with even ostentatious ^imwas the oloth spmad, the the knife aad fork displayed, i syntoward accident entursly -thefim had gone out, who 1 what measure of reproach 'Oidson fleyos" feat i*«l«Tbe iwM 'nwpbblfC t'ti V/i'-iOfl I1'-1 ''!il )is ij gjfl . might be beeped epoo the bead of the joteod- | ir-iibcet? perbopsif taebsdpromp«rt*l«utne j ,!i.-.k oC boo the topof the lire with a shovel, be might have retcced tbe din dime iron tztibetioa. Wnfc tbe nee of a chip of wood tfci* voeld bare been a certain ttuyxt*. Bat 1 chips were one halfpenny a handle, and, ; ©wuur to the progrees of education end tbe coteeqocs* drain upon that class of boys ^gaged in making them, were growing iccreaefegly tmaller in balk. " The wCJ meet go for tbe deed, to-night," said Use Spider to himself, alauat gaily, as be kneb down, and drawing tbe coal Seattle toward* him, picked np bit by bit the alack ti-ft bad become scattered over the floor ae tbe shower deeoecded apon him. He waa tot without disconcerted suspicion that acme watte had taken place in respect of pazHdt* concealed about hie clothing. and eve® in Use scanty lock* of hair thai straggled ost below hit skull-cap- Bat he did hie beat to with dia and other sources of . watte, and in tbe —with tbe exception of ; the crerioeded grate, be had pretty well , rescued tbe preckma dost How, at the abwin boor when we look in, , what time Gideon ie standing onder the finger- > pees at the focr croea-roade and abaddering ; at its !>«"««« to tbe gallows, the fire, secretly : maikicMuly Imsioi in the centre, bad . taken fell possession of Use grate, and burned j gloriously—cot quite eo gloriously aa probably < » r hoar ago, bat etili eafficient to cast a warm , £V.w over tee hearth, and from time to time, j a* " little knsbby bits " fell in from tbe back, i ts -%.rr+ sp wstb a endden light that filled the r~ it rent corner of tbe room. In tbe fuller light tali cpn tbe near radios of tbe fire piaee wae discernible a shadowy fignre sit fr, the chair into which tbe old gentle man dropped treatblicg with passion and /■Tj-irrj with coal dost, when Gideon stamped cot of tbe room. It meat be the old gentleman himself, it is passing strange that be should tit ep so late, being constitutionally of early habtta m this respect, and, more tbao ever cA late, recognising bis ability to save the by going early to bed. In a moment id gay isspcratajQ, tbe old gentleman had composed a poem on tbe subject which at tfe* approach of the boor of separation he was never bred of repeating to Jtr. Dumiy, mj%A which never failed to excite the tribute of from that gentleman. It con thns:— " Cmty to bed. Be on yoer bw*, Savm t& a year • ten of good slack." Since he had the bed clothes, dnly paid for doing nothing, be might aa well use th—n, and they kept him warm without wasteful expenditure, which was not the tn Mpect of tbe slack fin howsoe'er tended. After mentioning tbe surprise at finding the old gentleman up at this time of night, comes the still greater marvel that he eboold ait and see the fire horning in this unprece dented manner, and take no steps to check it There bad been other waste, for it was deer that the solitary dip in the tin candle stick on the table at his elbow had burned down into its socket And this was only Sondty night, whereas its last flicker was not doe till Wednesday at bedtime. It most have been oat eome time, though there was palpable in tbe doee atmosphere of the room the odotu of the departed wide. Still the old gentleman sat there, appa rently boned in deep thought Perhaps be wee touched with eome tender memories of the past, when Gideon played about hie knee, a fresh, bright boy, with rosy cheeks, and laughing eyes, and loving caresses. Why should bs have been eo bard with him in a moment of dire distress ? It would have been nothing to him to have laid his hand on the £3,000 aeked for as a temporary loan. He knew tbe security was safe, and perhaps if the firelight bad happened to flash np at the moment it might nave brightened up a Sow of pride pervading the withered face, as t thought how, in his gigantic speculation, his only son bad not been unworthy of him. It was well-planned, and boldly carried out— perhaps a little too boldly, since Gideon's means of handling ready cash had not proved qnite equal to the strain upon them. If he had had a father, or even a friend, to come forward just now and help him over the next month or eo, the last milestone in the long highway to wealth and honour would have been past, and tbe prize would have been in his grasp. Why should he have been so harsh with tbe son of his loins, who stood to him even ae Benjamin and Joseph stood towards their fatber, Jacob 1 Israel -had many sons; bat whilst bis heart wae large enough for all, it yearned with unspeakable affection for Joaeph and Benjamin. Tbe old gentleman of late years had returned to roll onion with that church be had never entirely left It was just possible that this was the result of fresh obstinacy and contrariness towards his eon. Gideon bad formally left tbe church of hia fathers, and had joined the Christian community. Hia father therefore would be more faithful in hie attendances at tbe synagogue, end more punctual in tbe payment of hia dues. He had brought out again the old book, in. which waa written in Hebrew characters the marvellous story of God's dealings with ffit race. He had been reading it last night It waa np on the ebtaf there sow, almost within reach of his hand if he cared to •tretohit. .... He could not fail to remember, if bis thoughts were really turned in this direction, bow when taking it down and spreading it opto on tbe table before him to make the most of tbe ultimate inch of Saturday"* candle, be had tbonght to himself with a sneer that Gideon would scarcely be able to profit by the book even if he were In clined to read it His wife Hachael had taught the boy the tongue which Xarata speaks by whatever dark waters tbe people may tat Almost m soon aa he oould lisp he had learned at her knee tbe portent of the strange characters spread out before faun. But when tbe mother died the (ether had sot found time to carry on the lesions nor thought It worth while to spend money in having tfaam completed. So Gideon, in the coarse of time, forgot what little be had leaned, end did not seem to feel the But tbe old gentleman could read Hebrew as well as English; and sometimes in hia solitude read out aloud, in a croning voloe, rfingtr from the old book. On the night before be had, by chaooe, been reading the atory of Joseph. He had begun at the tafawtng when tbe news is brought to the father by tbs'wicked brethren. < \- - " And Jacob tent his clothes and put sack doth npoo his loins, and mourned for his •on many days. And all his eons and all his dpngtitem rose np to comfort him, bat he re fund to be comforted, and he said, * for I ■rill go dotra Into the grave unto my son Thus his father wept for him,'" Artthv* the old teen, sitting in Ml with strings tenderness <rf the son whom he .• i I t ft l - .■ ■ ■ " 1 , fit Jo a;yai <jL *■> t-.i | lad drives from hie door, when t Little while | ago be bed called to eee him. Tbe o d nag had read oo rapidly, ddppiag PWM***, tiil be came to the venet where tla father tits m earning over Joseph. or clings with miserly affection to Benjamin ; *tnn he ie claimed by the strange ruler in Egypt. To tbe world this ie tbe story of Joseph and bis Brethren. To tbe Spider it was tbe story of Israel and his Soot. He bad read it often before, bat never as now. It was all new to bits, with fresh lights and awakened interest. Be bad read aload with a broken voice bow "they told him saying Joseph is ret alive, and be is governor over all the land of Egypt; and Jacob's neart fainted, for be bettered them not And they told him all the words of Joseph which he bad said onto them, and when be saw tbe waggons which Joseph bad rent to carry him to Egypt Israel •rid, it is enough 1 Joseph my son is yet alive, I will go ami see him before I die." If Gideon amid have come in at that moment a reconcilation might have been effected. Bat this was not to be, and the opportunity was gone when the candle flickered out and the Spider awoke to the fact that be bad left several things undone which be most now accomplish in the dark, because be bad permitted this nnaccostomea weakness to overcome him. All this had happened last night And now everything was too late. Gideon had insulted bim, even assaulted him ; bat who was tbe earlier aggressor? His eon bad come to him in trouble, if not in contrition. And what had be done? He had befooled bim, had even spat upon him, and waa Gideon a dog that be could tamely submit ? He might have refused his prayer without contumely; but why refuse it at all ? There in the shade which tbe flickering firelight fitfully illuminated stood tbe safe, in which there was something more than the £3,000 Gideon had asked for, the bulk in gold as he had maliciously ehown his son, and besides this in a snug recess at the back was a pile of bank notes as thick as the old Hebrew Bible. Vet it wu bard to forgive and impossible to forget. Gideon had wounded him sorely. It was as if tbe treachery had been slowly and deliberately worked out, and then flashed upon bim at a time when he waa both powerless and unsuspecting. From the i day be took the lad into the office till the hoar at which he himself had walked out j having relinquished the business to bis son, Gideon's career had been full of promise. He waa sesidooas in bueinees, bringing to it a j fresher mind and bolder and more energetic nature than those his father had worn out at tbe task of money- getting. He had promised to extend to an illimitable measure the fame of the bouse the Spider had founded. There were already groat houses in Israel whose names were familiar words on ail continents, and whose nod shook the Bourse. Why should not the little dingy honse in Garlton-etreet blossom into a second Rothschild's ? They, and others only second to them, did not begin from greater op portunities. It might hare been so, and he fondly hoped, as he watched tbe promising growth of his lad. that it would be so. Believing this he bad deliberately stepped aside out of the way dear to his tool, sad tbe only pathway of his life, in order that no old-fashioned notions of his own might stand in the way of Gideon's brilliant and successful advance. ril had gone well, and the picture that illumined his mind and opt if tad his hopes grew dearer in outline, and stronger in odour. Then the Evil One had come and tempted Gideon, drawing him aside from his father's work and possessing him with a tori hankeriewfor tbe flssb-potaof Egypt The Spider did not, though this was not to be gathered from his conversation, object to the great land speculation. Towards this his aoul secretly kindled, and if that had been all, all would have been well. He would have grumbled, and might even have charged • stiff percentage on the loan. But he would certainly not have eent his eon empty away. What he could not stand, and what made him grind his teeth with impotent rage, was the notion thAt Asooof bis should go crawling iod fawning at the door of the Gentiles of rank and fashion, and beg to be let In on what soever terms. This grievously smote the prejudices and animosities of tbe old man's nature. In the first place, it seemed to imply that Gideon was aabamed of his origin, his race, and bis father. Tbe new departure had been imme diately preceded by Gideon's changing his name, an act which above ail seared the soul of the old Israelite. Beyond these incidental circumstances, be honestly despised birth and rank, which he was chiefly accustomed to see suppliant for money loans in trn atreet. If it came to a question of birth, what were these Gentiles compared with him? Ms house might be humble enough now, but itu annuls were traced with more or less rifarnen* back to the epoch of captivity. She who had become the mother of his race bad been among the virgins who sat down by the waters of Babylon and wept for their far off home and the dimmed sphmdonrs of the Temple. To have his too scraping acquaint ance *•«». haughty purse-proud Boglish people who had not even come over with the Conqueror, and could not, therefore, boast that they had peraecnted the Jews whan Isaac lived at York, was more than he oould bear, and perhaps if we could have caught the expression of his face as the firelight fitfully played upon it, we might have seen tbe old look that accompanied the enmrL Finally, all this cost money. If Gideon had bom content to live in Carl ton- street and creep along in the old style till he was in a position to pay off his mortgages, it would the ear of his host with stories, scarcely exaggerated, of Gideon's lavish expenditure. Itwne torture to the old man to hear this * and yet» children, sitting by the firelight or clinging to each other In the dJF nv. to hear ghost stories that chill their vary marrow, so he listened to every of Gideon's iniquity. He knewS nb£t the pabuoboMs tape flowing with ids and porter, f® •nr*he was informed ofxiapparti designs on a marriage »w>er rfOasSs Wwto. **»fPtotive possessor of the knew titojmprasatoeffa^ oFttaiato*''jktof oolonr, Hs tbsrofqrs referred it for parti onto occasions, and the jut remit was that the Spider had constantly in his mind the picture of Gideon waiting for his ^ gloating over thr prospects of cooling into when the old mm was out of the war. This ^wsa running into an evil groove of thought, away from the moment when the of IencTe yearning! after bia loog-loat«» and hi# joyful baete to go forth to meet him. It m sad, and black, aad bopetem. and the udder for earing in the bare aad aqualtd toots, from which era the tallow candle in tbe tin stick bad fled. When we come to think of ft, there a ■mall wooder that tbe otd man eboolO elt tbne in fixed and mournful meditation. it was hie own fault, bat which of at can K«ip bis idioeyncraciea? As the twig is bent ao will tbe tree be inclined. Tbe Spite had beat bent in hia particular way by the pre view training of father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. Far back through moaty corridors of time might be seen young and old eteadily and fevenihly working at money getting. One not eo far back in tbe corridor (it wae tbe Spider'e father) went aboot hie teak with a dirty sack over bis aboalder, two hats rim to rim m hie bend, and three more on hia head. He waa not a dignified, bat rather a dirty looking person. Yet befoartd what be wanted, and when the sack fell off his bowed ebonlders, aad tbe beta weee pat down for tbe last time, and when be turned bis lace to tbe wall, the Spider bad been able to watch bia last momenta with the filial affection bom of the certainty that be h*d pat oat at nenry in safe bands a ran that con Id not be a penny lees than £3,000 This bad come to tbe Spider, and see what be bad made! Should this aggregate of the hard, and more or leas strictly honest, work of two generations, go to a fellow like Gideon, who wonld give £3 for a man's vote, and smilingly bid tbe borcagh come and drink at hie expense? It was. after all, small wonder that the old gentle&.'xi should sit in fixed and moarnfhl meditation. Tbe firelight, nting into flam* as tbe little bite of slack on the black rim that surrounded the crater crumbled and fell in, flashed a momentary light into the cornets of tbe room. Anon it left all in shade, save what was rescued by the steady glow that fell on the hearth and warmed the old gentleman's slippered feet. When the fleshes came they fell upon the ratty velvet skull-cap and the old grey coat that seemed neve tbe worse for west, perhaps because its earliest known condition was hopeless. Tbe room was absolutely still. Mot even a mouse scampering across the boards disturbed the silence. If tbe old gentleman had f*n*n asleep in his chair, and was given to breath ing heavily, tbe sound most have been heard in any pari offthe room. Perhaps whet the next flash came with a slight rustling noise of the filling slack, be would wake with a start, gather his old coat around him, and creep steadily to bed, anguished with the thought that sleep had unaccountably over* come him and had led to this wicked waste of fire and candle. But he mi evidently not asleep, foT as the last flash of firelight showed, his' eyas were wide open and fixed with eager glance upon that part of die room in which, for the most pert in the shadow, the safe stood. The expression on his face, though curiously fixed, made it nonsense to suppoae he was asleep. If be woe asleep be most be dreaming, or even he may have die night mare. Who knows bat what, tempted by the presence of die food in the pen, he may have taken some, with consequences that any outsider might have anticipated ? It was cooked ft ft due, being die remnants of his mid-day meal prepared on an exceptionally bountiful scale in anticipation of an evening meaL But cold meat and potatoes, taken late at night by a gentleman well advanced in yean, and unaccustomed to eat anything after a frugal five o'clock tea, could not fail to have its certain effect Let ua lift up the lid of the pan and pew in. Mo; there ft the precious compound evidently untouched, a great deal of potato, a very little meat and alarge heme, which has a juicy, nutritive appearance wholly in consistent with fact If we had been here at one o'clock in the day we would have seen this tame bone in tbe old gentleman's dirty fingers, and when the Spite once got a bone between bia teeth he was not accustomed to leave much meat for those who came after. It was a mere matter of form to return it to die mess. But ft added a completeness to die compound, and when splashed about with potato, gave an air of toothsome liberality to the meal which was otherwise Without troubling to lift the lid of the pan we might have seen by a glance at die table that the old gentleman had fallen asleep •npperlesa. There was the dingy clotn obscuring one end of the still dingier table, even as Gideon had discovered It when he altered. There was tbe plate as clean as mockery ever wae in the bijou residence. There was the bread uncut and difficult to cat now, for the knife was gone, only the three-pronged steel fork lying by tbe side of tbe plate. It wae a curious knife, valuable in its way, mid the Spider before sinking into con templation very likely put it in a safe place. It had been in its time a dagger, and knew the grasp of an em inently-reepectable member or die nobility of Genoa. The Spider's information did not particularly ran in the direction of bric-a-brac. Bat seeing the knife lying exposed for sale In a cellar window in the Commercial-road, he had gone in and bought it. When hia solitary speci men of English table cutlery had broken off at the hilt, he had got on fog some time by die expedient of sticking a cork on the broken stem of the handle. Bat this gave him very little bold. Then he bethought him of oft old bargain in the Commercial, toad, deaned ft up, andnssdftpt his daily meaL It didn't eat very wdl, hat had a good sharp dagger point, and gave a splendid grip at the handle. In hia genial way he nsedto Joke Jfr. Damfy about the splendour of bis state, eating his sapper with a knife like that "There's many a man at the West End wonld jive you the finest supper in the world ityou would let him eat his with that knife, Mr. Bnrnfy," he had been need to eay when he new hft guest critically eyeing the measure ot fopr-balf or somewhat osten tatiously probing aboot In the sen of potato for a morsel of meat "■Mis very 'andaome, sir, and I desaey worth a lot, bat when It ooross to eating yonr eupjwr^eegedel^if tbe meat's a little _ tbave one of them bUcfbandlsd things as me and the mleeeS eats oar meals with in our. own 'nmbis "iUfafr the 8pidsr hod not eaten Ids sapper, ssd since it wae not that it most have been something efts tint had dlaagreed with him. At times, when the light fell iury. pat inwe raw ugui. w ynawui the varying mpvementof hi* mind, ads phase passed sway, end was supplanted by ^Ttoro^wne^upmi his face now n look of tbli ,1hh4 hit. bwocA thin ■BitiMK to toskapaa, 1 tag ifim tbe took ci mnp » fiendiah ley whidh Oefiid^tls i wnntwiwi, II «m niioB tbiddBt kindly of as? bbk*. ft" ma that there tM wjtktog ia lux j vitftlw«MtoiBnal{sikii(a of BHod. Ttat VH,o(«OBII. . into which he had lei Gim, _ added depth dag fay bh gsiaag eat like receipt (leap which ft* wm epoQ. Bot thiawae a alight < aboat thia remarkable effect. Following tbe an varying pa tsL gentleman, it tree dot that tss e< fixed opon tbe safe, thcaah ft* never i nor moved bie bead when acme :L light, fleshing forth from the case, over tbe eafe and nweaeaUrflj tjat< it in Ihe gloom. When once the at area drawn towarda the expc face of tbe edd gmtfeman yon vradd, ytmr mistake tn wppewag h had with the damang firelight. The a the room changed with tbe Adftbag 1 tbe old gentfemaa'aface waaalmnt eret etaring with ateady «*»ri sale and always with this malignant joy. were there things in the could see* Were there feanffiv about, and woe tbey pisyice rr«r thnt tickled the oM gratleaaa's m&ri; brought about this look el hideraL It could hardly have bees aa ordiaarrl or anything rim ply fnnny, t 1 gentleman »». If be wen of that a kind of hamenity which finds *cr-f jJ] in boniUe tragedy, that would ic rather suggest, en explanation of kin end of the expression on his uHow i stained face. Bat to homen eyesight then was in the mom between him end the m.T lor tbe sale, it seemed pretty meeh* i been left what Gideon quitted the Tbe door was pertly opes, sad the] in it. Perhaps whet the old get staring at in this horribly-fired tbe odd condition of the key. _ flickering light distorted it or, u a fact, it waa bent downwards ia the Hi eotne heavy body hanging on to the bsw after a desperate struggle, been , This might here been, and posehfy delusion creaked by the firelight, «i long beat known to rim birth to si eccentric fancies. There was, L scarcely any room for delusion as to I other things which come to be noticed we are attracted by the discovery of i gentleman, whom lively dispoahaoe a on ordinary occasions impossible far L sit still a moment, now tetaiiaasgiaaL position. The firelight flickered abut figure in tbe arm-chair, ronning ep sad < the right arm aa it tested on the dhow, passed upward to the extended hmi 1 it showed a strange thing. The haad firmly clenched, and between the fingers held tbe lapel of a coat Thfa, fa see had beet snatched by a sadden wrench i the garment and, qoite clearlj when the light flamed forth, were visible the j* ends where the rent had been wade,* the bony fingers of the email dirty haad the cloth aa in a vice. Something elm the firelight played m something of metal which aught hue mained hidden bat for occasions! fluke steel facets. This wu the handle «f Genoese knife which bad bem lying ca table when Gideon entered, and which had for a moment taken op and balance his band, absently looking sponit as if were thinking of something the fin metal on tbe haft The surmise vwstr upon jut now that the old gendewan rat tbe knife away in a safe place tamed to be qoite correct He bad pet fa m breast,doubtless intending tolufarad lone cupboard vhft& bj-*ud*bj bnow 0,An<n^»riM^e effect of thefa^gW, not the least, waa that it seemed he 1 throat the knife straight in up to the i Else how coold it stand oat at right ta with the old brown coat, andro pw « had i 