LATE ENGLISH NEWS. MAILS BY THE HOME. The R. M. S. Rome arrived in Hobson's Bay on Sunday nigfot, bringing English files to June 30. Tho New South Wa'es nort'on of her mails was delivered in Sydney on Tuesday morning. The follow' ng extracts are chiefly f.'om the ' London Daily News' .- — ANOTHER AGRARIAN MURDER. Dublin, June 28. — A caretaker named Cal) ill was brutally murdered last night at Ashill, near Tralee. Exactly a fort night ago the unfortunate man was fired at, but escaped. He was in care of a farm from which tbe tenant had been evicted, and was sevejal times warned by letter to give up the ghost. . This morn ing his dead body was found riddled with bullets. One through the breast had entered his heart. A telegram from Cork savs : The murder of Patrick Oah'U, reported from Tralee this morn ing, was of a brutal character, and there can be no doubt as to its being traceable to ag:arianism. The first information received of the murder was given by the wife of tbe unfortunate man. The scene of the murder is about five miles from Tralee, on the side of a barren mountain. The deceased waB «ngagod in taking care of a farm from whioh tbe tenant had been evietod, and which belonged to Mr. Sylvester Poff, The house of the de ceased is s'tuato about a mile further up the mountain, and it was while reluming from the farm last evening lie vrtts at tacked. Four bullet noumls were found on bis body. One was on the head, another in the back, tbe bullet passing through lbs abdomen, a th-id iu the chest, and the fourth was on the thumb in. the left; hand. The unfo -lunate man was regularly riddled with bullets. A man named Brosnan has- been arrested. About 10 or 12 days ago the deceased reported he had been fired at by Brosnan, who discharged three or four shots at aim and then pursued him. Cahill after wards refused to prosecute Brosaan, and it was thought that the story of the shooting at him was an invention. The assassins made more corbain of their work this time. The farm which was in charge of Cahill at the time he met his death is a part of the estate of Mr. A. Blennerhassett, and was formerly ia the occupation of a fn-iner named Poff. It was a wild mounta-a district. Poff and several other tenants wero evicted in tho early part of the year' for non-payment of rent, and Up, with, two more of those evicted, has since been put in gaol under the Coercion Act. A verv bad fe«l'ng has . prevailed - in; tbo 'locality- since the evictions, and despite f'-equent tliroaten ings Cab'll had refuted to gire up h's functions as caretaker of the boycotted fai'm. 