TALES AND SKETCHES. from the l>ea<l. (From Frank Leslie' " Pleasant Hours.") "Yes I shall lcavo tliis placo to-morrow," said Doctor Bryce. " There is no use in stay, ing here any longer ; It is nothing but slow starvation, 1 Iinvo not hnd a caso in tho Inst throe weeks, nml it is scarcely to be wondered at, as I heard myxplf spoken of oil tho street yesterday as 'tho doctor tlint killed poor Bracy's wife."' " How shameful 1" exclaimed Miss Caldwell, "when everybody must know that, if you gave an overdose, it was an accident." " But I did not give nn overdose. If you aro going to accuse me of criminal cnrolus- nca<, it is quite time for me to leave these parts." " Don't be cross. You had better stay hero and live It down." " And starve in the mcanwhilo ?" "There is no necessity for that. You know Mrs. Bracy's brother says ho would not give you for nil the other doctors in tho Stato." "But unfortunately, Mrs. Bracy's brothcrdocs not need my services at presunt. Ho has been entirely free from rheumatism ovor since he used my last prescription ; yonder lie is now, walking along as briskly ns any. body." " I wonder who is that with him?" " A tombstone man. probably. Tbey have been in the gmvoyartl together, and I heard him talking not long ago about souding for a tombstone for his mother." When doctor Bryce and his comjxtuion met the other two j>cdestrains, the stranger walknd on, but Mr. Ector stopped to ex. change greetings. " So you are out walking . " said ho. " It is a shame that tho only decent walk about town should lead to such a depressing locality as tho graveyard." " Hike cemeteries," returned Miss Caldwell. "Thoy arc so jicaecful and nice." " And I liko dead icoplc better than I do livo ones," said Doctor Bryce. "They aro free from envy, hatred, malice, aud all uii- charitableness." " How do you know that ?" demanded Mr. Ector. " I havo an idea tluit the unseen world i-n't so very unlike this one ; apropos, do you know the Spiritualists nro to bo upon us next week I I read some of their >o$tcrs on the wall of tho wngou-yard as I came into town this morning. You know I have been off Ashing clown on Reedy Lake," " What Spiritualists V asked Miss Cald well. The Gonmillian family. They arc high, art people, aud are up to materialization, as well as the nthur dodges of tho profession. You must make Bryce take you to seo them, Miss Caldwell. I know you would enjoy a powwow with the folks across the Styx." "I shouldn't like anything of tho kind," roturned Miss Cadwell. " I think it's dread ful." " And I shall not lie hero to take her," said Doctor Bryce. " I leavo to-morrow for Texas." " Texas 1 That won't begin to do ! Stay where you arc." " What for. " Rccauso we cannot get along without you. I wouldn't give a picayune for any of tho other doctors here. Hold on n while, any way. 1 have been recoio mending you to old Whito, who is suffering like the mischief with rheumatism, and who is out with all the country doctors; ho said if ho didn't get better in a day or two, he would send his carringc up for you ; and to go away without, giving him the fxmcfit of your skill would be inhuman, not ouly to him, but tho rest of the family, for ho is making the house hot for them, I can tell you. Well, I won't keep you any longer, or you will tind the ghosts prowl, ing around tlic graveyard when you get there." Cheered somewhat in spirit by the thought of gettiug a call from the richest man in thnt part of tho couutry, Doctor Bryce concluded to remain in M a few days longer, and he was not disappointed ; for ou tho following morning he was sent for By Mr. Wliito, at whose house lie remained several days, the sufferer declared himself unable to get along without him. Oa the day he returned to II—— ,he found the morning's paper thickly bospriuklod with notices of the Gontnillinn family and their wonderful spiritual mani festations. Everybody he encountered— even Miss Caldwell— was going to. see the per- formancc that evening. In Mr— the visits of Spiritualists had been like those of angels, and a materialization tcancc was something altogether unknown there. The one public hall tho town afforded had been engaged for the occasion, aud it was full to overflowing. A diminutive tent had been erected on the platform, large enough, no doubt, to accom modate any numlxjr of spirits, but exceed, ingly cramped in its proportions when re garded as a habitation for natural bodies. The liglit iu the hall was dim enough to favor materialization, and tho nsserobly, in spite of the Inrge proportion' of disbelievers, was decorous and silent, the only interruption to tbo orderliness of tho proceedings taking placo when tho first nipping was heard, aod consisting of a melodramatic whisper between two scoffers : "'Goodneu mot what noUowaz that? Stleut bo 1 It wai tbo cat.' " Tho giggling that ensued among the young and foolish was soon hushed, and the rapping continued. Spirits' were called from tho vasty deep, or wherevor thoy may bo sup. posed to reside, the majority of them being, of course, the parents of middle-aged be. lievcrs present. They rapped the usual .non-committal replies to questions in regaid to their dwell ing-place, but were ono and all in a stato of beatitude. Then succeeded the moro interesting part of tho jicrformnnco, tho nnpcarnuco of the re- embodied ones at tbo window of tho little tent. Tbo first bandaged face that be came visible was that of a gray- bearded man, with tho fixed look of death in bis eyes. An old lady present cried out, " George I" aud the dead man nodded and disap|>cnrcd. "Looks like one of Rip Van Winkle's friends," whispotcd a scoffer, but thero was no retqxmsc. ilis companion, together with tho rest ofi tho company, had now entered fully into the' spirit of the thing, and a feeling of awe seemed to prevail through the room ; those who carno to scoff remaining to wonder, if not to be convluccd. The next apportion was tho face of a young girl who no ono knew ; but whoso beauty, in spite of its death-whiteness, all were forced to admire. No one spoke to her, nud, after lingering a fow moments, she disappeared, and was succeeded by one who was recognized by Half the persons present. Forehead and cbin wore bandaged, but there was no mis taking thu faco. There were the black eyes, small and bright, and placed close together under tho rugged eyebrows ; there were tho high cheek-bones, tho thin lips, tbo straight, pinched nose, the complexion scarcely more sallow in death than in life. " Mrs, Edward Bracy I" "Speak to ber 1" was tho next whispered exclamation, after a moment of breathless silence. " Where is her husband ? Why doesn't he speak ?" Mr. Bracy was there, sitting in the front row of cluiirs ; but ho only stared silently at apjtarition, his dark face assuming an ashen hue. "He's scared. Where is Tom Ector? He will speak to her," whispered some one in the second row. "He isn't here ; told mo ho couldn't corao this evening ; got rhcumntism again," replied another voice. " But thero is Charlio Ector hack yonder; he is coming forward now. . Charlie ain't afraid of anything." The lost speaker was right. At any into, young Ector was not afraid of ghosts, lie walked deliberately up to tho front of the platform, nud, fixing his eyes on tho ghastly face at the window, asked, in a voice distinct enough to be heard all over tho hall : " Who are you ?" The answer, though spoken in a whisper, was thrillingly audible. " Ella Bracy." " Where do'you come from ?" " Tho spirit world." " 117m) nent you there 7" " Edward Bracy." Tbo face at the window was seen no more, for all eyes were turned instantly on the accused mau. He tried to laugh, but the at tempt was au utter failure; no prowling hyena ever laughed a laugh that had less in it of mirtlifulncss. Thero was a sudden stir among the com pany, and Mr. Bracy started to his feet, and made for the door with hasty steps. "Don't lctjhim get away!" exclaimed young Ector, and a dozen men started up, but Bracy was too quick for them. Instead of trying to reach the door, ho ojxsncd the nearest window and throw him self out. "There 1 ho lias broken bis neck aud escaped tho gallows," exclaimed some one. " Not he," returned young Ector. " Ormshy & Gregg have cotton-bales pilod'all along 'the alloy out there." On being remiuded of this, several of Bracy's pursuers rushed to the window and sprang out, while a number of others fol lowed by way of tbo front door. There was a buzz of talk amoug those who remained in tbe ball, but high above it all was heard the voico of a stout, middle-aged womau who luid risen to her feet nud seemed prepared to trivo evidence. " I tolil you so," said sho, though all ber hearers could testify that sho had done no thing of the kind, " Murder will out, if sperms lias to come back to tell about it. 1 knowed she couldn't rest quiet in her grave as long as an innocent man liad everybody agin iiim except me and them Ector boys. I Kusnicioucd from the first who done it, and I aiu t easy to fool. When a mail sets on the sofy, holdin' hands with a girl that ought to know better, and his wife sick in her bed up-stnirs, you may know there's something wrong about bim. "I was nuRsin' his wife well into four weeks, and, except to tako nn over her before folks, he never came into her room until the night she died. She had taken a turn for the better thnt day, and whoa Doctor Bryce scrringcd the morphine solu tion into her arm she went to sleep and was doing splendid. " 'You hnd better go nud git n nap now,. Mrs. Jenkins,' lie said to mo — tho doctor was gone, and there was nobody in thero but him and mo—' you go and git a nap, aud I will 6tay here iu ease sho wakes up.' " I went into tho next room, and was just dozing off when I thought I heard something drop, and t went back to see what ivns the matter. There was a vial of morphine solu tion on the iloor, nil smashed and spilt. " ' I accidentally knocked it off the table with my elbow,' says he. "'What business had you around tho table V thought I, but I never said nothing ; I only went to picking up the pieces ; the syringc-caso was open on the table, and I can tako my oath I saw tho doctor shet it before he put it down. " ' Fortunate it didn't wake her,' says he. ' You had better go back to bed, Mrs. Jenkins.' " No,' says I, 1 1 guess I'll stay here. I may be wanted." " And so I was wanted ; but it was only to lay her out. That sleep washer last ; and no wonder, considering the morphine the doctors found iu tho examination them Ectors insisted ou having. " I told Mr. Tom Ector what I suspicioncd, and ho 'lowed 1 hod better not say nothing 'bout it to anylxxly else ; but, la, me ! it was no uso my keeping quiet. Mrs. Bracy was liko tho rest of them Ectors, nud dead or nlivc, she wasn't going to let injustice bo done to an innocent doctor. " llcr husband did take on nt Iter funeral ; but, my goodness, didn't Bill Thompson meet hiuidown in the country tho very next week, riding out with that girl who was in the house when his wife liret took sick I Ho couldn't pull the wool over my eyes, and now that there lias been evidence given against him from the grave itself, ho will bo brought to justice, and git what ho deserves.'' But Mr. Bracy was not brought to justico How he made his escape no one could guess ; but after that leap from tho window ho was seen no more. His long-suffering wife had nt last shonn her ijririt, so his acquaintances said (borrow- iug tbo witticism from Tom Hood), and, iunoccnt or guilty, he probably thought it best to ilcu before tho storm of public in- dignatlon that had been aroused. "Of course. I do not believe In such things," said Miss Caldwell, tho next day, speaking to Dr. Bryce, " but to mo there is something mysterious about that affair. In the first place, how did those |>coplc know that Mrs. Bracy was dead ?" " I think they learned it from that young fellow we met coining from the graveyard the other evening," returned Doctor Bryce— "the man tliat claimed to lie a marble- works agent. These Spiritualists often have an aeant courier of tliat kind to inspect the graveyards for them." "That man who was talking so earnestly to Mr. Ector when we met them?" "Yes." " But how could anything be made to look so like Mrs. Bracy ?" . .4 "That is #fa» wy easily accounted for. DWtyswaes sHwffo'nsf of Tom 'Ector among H#6 itUOfS f& fright V $Oi f ftewf some one say he was not "And don't aft those Ectore look exactly 3Ar "Yss; fK?tfecy fa fl&e; 5— "The Thief in the Night." 