.MR HOLLOW AY'S INNOVATION. : 10 TJIK EIMTOU OF TUB HKRALU. Sin,— Knowing that you aro imbuod with > desiro to fostor tli'o study of tho LMnco G Foots, I take the liberty of disagreeing with tho remarks repeatedly mado in your jupur, praising Mr lloDowav for introducing tie practice of dressing tho ghost in tho chut scono ill Royal robes. Dear Mr Editor, the innovation ih not nn original jieare tbis mattor has troubled almost nil the actors who huvo essayed the part of tho ghoat, from the ambiguity of the word, "inhifl habit 'as ha lived." In tbo stage directions of the first quarM (1003), tho Ghost apjwurs "in his night gowne- and lor soinotiino uftor. his spiritualistic "Ms jefty of buried Denmarl:" appeared as a cow- promise in bis dressing gown, and as timsdftW on this practice foil into disuse and the ghost appeared in tho same costume ns bo woio on the previous scenes. lam informed that in Barry Sullivan'rii'"0 the ghost was drecsod in his royal Ho!"4?- If this is correct Mr Holloway can scarcob) deserve the credit (sioi) of tlio) " innovation. 1 feelsuro, Mr Editor, that you will with ino when I eay that uu good i denved froni tho change, .and that mnuii is lost. 1-. His ghostly majesty must cortninly lose his identity, end the thrilHugaweandteUiDgeffeA of a ghost in armor tire surely wanting. I do.not writo this to provoke a nowipap®r controversy, but purely wifh a lovo to ShakOBpcare'.s maatorpieeo correctly placed on , thostago. 'mIid isoticlttdSng? I nm sure that tho roK»rler b j so.libernliy praised Mr Holloway > ,10J LJu-gentlemnu who wrote thut truly tronohaut eritiquo of Miss Ponieroy's Hainlot, Wilh which I entirely ncree.— I am. etc.. Tlie words, "My fn'thor in bis habit as ho lived," aro quito conclusive »k to the iiap1'0 prioty of tbo ghost's appearance in armor, , since tho weight nnd.inconvonionco of martial accoutrements "necessitated thoir immediate re- . moval whon tbo dango'r of encounter was over. On this point Scott, with bis usual accuracy, makoB it quito clear that "Jiving" inarinorwM- not "a habit."" Hei Ido'picts, in Tho L'ayof tbe ; -Last Minstrel1, ten warriors always ready for a fight : t . i ' ; Thiy lay down to riist'in coraclct laccd, i'lllowcd on buckler, cold and hard ; They carved at the meal in gloves of fatoci, , . And druik tho red wino tiirouj,-h tho liotu© hurrod. Mr Holloway haB at leuBt rovived a practioo which, if less theatrically improsaivo, is mr0 : easily reconciled ' with tho poet's language- t Necessarily tho critic of The HkhaiU> did not , , sco Mr Holloway $8, tbo glioat, as tho character was only played by bim during Miss i'onieroy b couhtrypur,— Ed, Herald, „ Bstter to think and not to say, than to WY and not to think, . HORATIO. 