Music and the Brama. MB. Shoridan appeared on Wednesday night asTJiob ard III., in the Cibberian version of Shakespeare's tragedy. Whatever may he tho faults of that version all tho great impersonators of tho last Plantagenet have been identified with it-Garrick, Cooko, and Edmund Kean; and sanctioned by such illustrious examples, modern actors havo, perhaps, a sufficient warrant for sticking to Colley Cibber. Tho experiments which havo occasionally boen made in the way of restoring tho original toxt would no doubt have boen moro suc cessful had they been attempted by men of real genius. Tho lato Samuel Phelps was honourably distinguished by his zeal in that direction. Phelps was an admirablo actor, but to disturb tho tra ditions associated with tho stago Richard Vas a task boyond him. Others havo tried it with no better success. No fault can theroforo bo found with Mr. Sheridan for adhering to established pro cèdent in his rendering of tho part in question. And his performance cf it from first to last was certainly most spirited and picturesque It is scarcely neces sary to say that Mr. Sheridan's splendid voice was hoard with tolling effect, in what may ,fco termed tho bravura passages, and that his fino facial expression and significant gostures, oven moro than Ms elocutionary powors, admirable as they aro, Aided him in imparting vividness and reality to hi3 portrayal of tho character of tho aspiring and un scrupulous Gloucester. Richard prosonts opportu nities in abundance for "tearing a passion to tatters-to vory rags." Indeed from tho very naturo of many of tho situations it is almost impossiblo to avoid doing so. If Mr. Sheridan then occasionally oxhibits a tendency to rant in Richard III., it is a reproach to which every actor whom wo havo soon essay tho part has beon moro or loss liable Mr. Sheridan givos promi nence to the ironic humour of Richard. This was Well displayed in tho famous wooing scone with tho Lady Anno, and tho highost compliment perhaps that could bo paid to his talents is to say that ho made that strange courtship, and Lady Anne's sudden ac ceptance of the hand of tho mau who had murdered her husband and hor father-in-law, seem at least conceivable, if not probable to tho audience. In tho tent scene whero tho stooping Richard is scared by the ghosts of his victims, tho acting of. Mr. Sheridan was also very ^ powerful, fond fairly brought down tho house ; and in the final soono on Bosworth I'iold tho vigour and desperate energy with which tho combat with Richmond was maintained evoked a loud burst of applauso. Mr. Sheridan, with excellent taste, omitted tho linos which Cibber has mado _ tho dying monarch nttor. They add nothing to tho effect, which is decidodly moro striking when tho curtain falls-as it did last Wednesday-immediately after Richard receives his death wound. Mr. Sheri dan was tolerably wok supported by tho members of tho company. Mr. G. R. Ireland was a manly-looking Earl of Richmond. Mr. Joyce, as tho gentío King Horny, did his best with a part not quito congenial to him, and Messrs. Pattorson, Ramford, Catos, and Laohlan M'Gowan woro satisfactory in their several parts. With regard to tho ladies, bogging their pardon, tor mentioning them last, it will suffice to say that Miss Louise Davenport, Miss Emma Bronton, and Mrs. Marion Stammers respectively represented tho sorrows of Lady Anne, of Queen Elizaboth, and tho Duchess of York. Tho young Princes were very intelligently impersonated by littlo Miss Katio Towers and Miss Sherwood. "Richard III." will be repeated to-night. " La Mascotte " has hoon a genuine luck bringer to tho management of tho Theatre Boyal, and it is no wonder that they aro anxious to koop tho opera on as long as possible, for while Bettina nourishes tho treasury coppers will always bo full. "La MaBcotto " is now in its sixth week, and instead of becoming careless or indifferent the artistes engaged, together with orchestra and chorus, do thoir work in oven bettor stylo now than when the opora was comparatively frosh. Miss Maggie Mooro is spooially to bo commended for tho faithful porformanoo of her heavy share of tho opora every evening, and Miss Nollie Stewart and Signor Verdi have boon scarcely loss successful, while Mr. Harwood knockB new fun out of tho part of tho Duko at every representation. Mr. Woodfiold's sweet singing is a pleasing fea ture, . and Mr. Kelly ably Boconds Mr. Har wood in tho comic business. Miss Ida Osborne, Miss Maggio Stewart, Miss Fordo, and others ongagod give satisfaction, and Signor Giorza koops hiB forces well under command. At tho Opera Houso Lococq gave place to Offonbach on Saturday, and " Girollo and Girofla" rotirod in favour of "La Perioholo," tho gay littlo stroot Bingor. Tho opera has not boon producod hero for some years, but it is well known and is a gonoral favourite, so that it was not surprising to BOO tho Opera House filled in ovory part on Saturday night. Tears ago Miss Melville enchanted us as Ponchólo, And although her voioo has singe then lost much, of its ! dower and sweetness, still she sings charmingly, whilo in acting she is as vivacious and as graceful as ever, so that her impersonation is admirablo and pleasing. In tho opening duets with Piquillo, so full of life and sparkle," as well as in the bacchanalian song and in the marital reproof (in Trench) Miss Melville sings very effectively, while in tho moro sentimental parts, such as tho tenderly pathetic letter song, she is equally successful. lt was expected that Mr. Beaumont would support Miss Melville, but we understand that ho has not thoroughly recovered. Mr. Harding, who appeared as Piquillo, is anything but tho ideal troubadour and impassioned lover, and his performance is devoid of interest. In tho first place, Mr. Harding dresses tho part without the least taste ; thon again his acting is still'and ungainly, and instead of endeavouring to sing naturally and sweetly, he forces his voico in tho upper register to a painful extent, morely for the sake of pleasing those silly people who, although incapable of appreciating really good singing, aro always mady to applaud " big" notes, no matter how imporfoctin tono or false in quality tho "big'' notes may bo. With experience and a proper atten tion to both branches of his art, Mr. Harding will in timo doubtless become ono of our foremost operatic tenors, and it isas well that he shouldridhimself of his bad habits at onco. Mr. Farley's Bon Androasis, as it was in tho old days- artistic. His singing is excellent, tho opening "Incognito" song, with chorus accompaniment, being particularly good, and in acting Mr. Earley loaves little to be desired. Mr. Fordo as Don Pedro acts well nnd sings fairly, and Mr. Cassclli acts with intelligence and spirit as Count de Panatellas. Tho favourite comedian also acts tho part of the old prisoner, who rises liko a spectre out of tho prison floor in the third act, and goes pirouet ting about with a deafening trombono in tho final act ; and although Mr. Casselli is undeniably funny, his performance cannot bo compared with George Leopold's, of which so many theatre-goers havo, we aro sure, a very pleasant remembrance. No proper show is given the ladies of the company in " La Pori cholo," Miss Melville, of course, oxceptcd. But Miss Marie St. Clair, Miss Madeline St. Clair, and Miss Bessie Eoyal, who aro in tho first act tho inn keeping cousins, and m tho second tho leading ladies of tho Court, bring their small characters into pro minence by their tasto in dressing and their good singing and acting ; and for this they aro to be com mended. All tho minor parts aro well filled, and tho orchestra and chorus, by their earnest and skilful efforts, materially aid tho success of tho performance. Mr. Clint has painted somo pretty scenery, and tho management display the same liberality in the mount ing. A revival of tho "Eoyal Middy " is promised. On December 18 tho Molbourno Metropolitan Liedertafel gavo another of their grand concerts at tho town hall of tho sister city. Mr. J. J. Casey recently came over to Sydney, and, on behalf of tho society, invited Mrs. William M'Donald (better known in our musical world as Miss Kate Slattery), tho gifted amateur cantatrice, to take part in tho pro ceedings, and that lady has consented to again delight a Molbourno audience, who will no doubt givo her a hearty welcome On Wednesday next, December 13, Mr. Henry W. Chapman, tho talented amateur elocutionist, gives another of his pleasant monologuo entertainments at tho Protestant Hall. A very variod programmo has been issued by that gentleman, who has, in making tho selection, boen materially assisted by a distinguished actor at present playing in Sydney. Tho Mayor of Sydney will preside, and Mr. Chapman will bo assisted by Miss Annie Roberts, pianiste. At Wilson's Opera House tho Melville Company will continue to play " La Pcricholo" through next week, owing to its continued success. Messrs. L. M. Bayless and Eeynolds, of the Gaiety, havo had a " Split in tho camp." Result-Injunction from tho Supreme Court. Tho Mercantile Amateur Dramatic Society gavo a very nico entertainment last Thursday evening at tho Academy of Music. Tho piece chosen was Byron's " .£100,000." j Mr. Joo Goodman, brother to II. L. Goodman, of tho Tboatro Royal, has boon appointed business manager to tho Polk Comedy Company for thoir tour through tho Australian colonies and Now Zealand. Mr. J. C. Williamson left Sydnoy on Wodnesday evening, en route for Molbourno, whore ho will make all tho necessary arrangements for tho production of " La Mascotte " on Boxing Night. After tho great RUCCOSS of " La Mascotte " at tho Eoyal it is to bo withdrawnnoxt Tuesday week, whon a short season of concert will bo givon by Cagli's Italian Opera Company. Mr. H. H. Vincent will supervis3 tho production of tho pantomime at tho Royal. Tho following well known artists havo been engaged to take part in tho pantomime:-Misses Maggie Knight, Jessio Grey, and Docy Stewart, Messrs. J. L. Hall, E. Stewart, H. Lösten, J. Pool, and tho Matthews Bros.' pan tomimists. Mr. and Mrs. Bland Holt havo beon engaged for tho Melbourne Royal pantomimo, and Miss Maggie Olivor left this week for tho same place. Mr. John Pearson, Q.C., has boen appointed a judge in tho chancery division of tho High Court of Justice. Ho is an older brothor of Professor Pearson, of Mol bonrno.0 The Coroner held an inquest on Thursday last on tho body of Edward Hayman, agod 28, who was killed accidentally on tho^ railway lino at Darling' Harbour. From tho evidence given by Sydnoy Smith, a shunter, it would appear that at about 9 o'clock a.m. ho, tho deceased, and another man went to Darling Harbour with an engino for somo empty trucks. Thoro was a broak van and a loaded truck standing on tho main lino. Smith attached tho engino to these trucks to tako them off tho lino. Thero was at tho timo another loaded truck on tho main lino, bohind the two mentioned, but not attached to thora. Deceased, who was a ßhuntor, and who had only boen two months in tho railway employ, went between tho two trucks to couple thom, tho spaoo botweon thom being about 16ft. Smith then uncouplod the engine from tho broak van and tho truck to lot them run down tho inclino to tho other truck in the roar. Decoasod having coupled tho two trucks, they were just on tho movo when, in getting out from between thom, his foot caught on tho rail and ho fell. Tho noxt momont ono wheel of tho truck passed ovor his log. Tho next wheel passod over his arm, and tho gear of tho truck itsolf rested for a short timo on his chest. The trucks wero brought to a stand in about 20 feet. DoooaBod, who was frightfully crushed, was then extricated, dead, from under tho trucks. Smith told tho jury that tho trucks woro moving at a speod of ono milo an hour whon the accident happonod, and whilst proceeding at that rate ho coidd with safety havo romaincd be tween the two ho was coupling, as ho was told to do. After hearing tho evidence of Patrick Eoban and Goorgo Wölls, shunters, who witnessod the fatal occurrence, ono of whom said tho trucks woro moving at a speed of a milo and a half an hour, and tho othor throo miles an hour, and examining Mr. Collins, the stationmaster at Redfern, tho jury returned a verdict of aooidontol death. 