ECHTJGA POLICE GO TJ&T.; Tuesday, -November 21sfc, 18S2. (Before Mr. G. Webster, P.M.) DR02TKENESS. ' A. drunkard who had been arrested by Senior-constable Ned well was fined 5s. in default 24 hours' imprisonment. MACHINE HIRE. J. P.VCarolio-.'v.1 Jane Sa.unders, £7 5s. use and Hire of a sewing -machine. Mr. Uonant for defendant pleaded not indebted. Defendant stated j that she remembered entering into an agreement with Mrs. M'Gee, plaintiff's agent, for the purchase on time pay ments of a sewing machine. The machine was so inferior that in a short time she got another. Tlii3 also was changed some time after for a third upon her making repeated •complaints of its j inferiority. Understood that! the second machine was in lieu of the first and the third in lieu of the second, and that she would 'not; have to pay any additional hire. Only, signed two agreements, and did not sign one for the third machine. Mrs. M'Gee stated that Mrs. Saunders entered into an agreement with her for a sewing machin* which wasjshortly af i or wards changed for a second, and'subsequently for a third, de fendant each ' tiin'e : complaining that the machines were of! an inferior description. She was of opinion that they had been misused and carelessly looked after. Judg ment was given for the claim, and costs. Carolin v. Margery Dawkins, use and hire of .machine.! No appearance of de fendant. Order for £4 and 5s. costs. -DEaEHTINGt HIRED SERVICE. Martin Bolger v.j William Hill, deserting hired service. Mri Conanfc, for complainant, asked for an adjournment, as summonses had not been served on three' other defen dants.- Mr. Harcourt, for defendant, stated j that he was prepared to go on with the esse, and would therefore ask for costs. The 'police magistrate thought that as Bolger had set the law in motion he should have attended the court.] Mr. Conanfc explained that the defendant and others were engage'! by plaintiff to bring" down sheep from New South Wales, but when they got to l\>rrum barry they refused j to draft the sheep, arid sat;on the fence laughing at their employer. The plaintiff had goine to Sandhurst and hul probably missed the train. Under the cir cumstances lie would ask for an adjournment till half-past 2. This request was granted. INSULTING LANGUAGE. . Mary Ann Long |v. Mrs. Shields, insult ing language. Mri Conant for pliintiff Mr. Harcourt'for defendant, Plaintiff de posed that she was a neighbor of defendant s. On Saturday she was passing defendant's gate, when:the hitter used most opprobrious epithets.. Her maimer was so offensive that witness thought she was going to strike her. Had not spoken to defendant for over two years, iand could not account for her conduct. Was in fear of her life. Mary Craig stated that on Saturday evening between 6 and 7 . she was in Mrs. Slrields's garden, when the latter rushed out and made use of some very vile expressions. Mrs. Long walked on and said nothing. Defendant denied using any bad language, but made some remark about plaintiff robbing Tommy Smith and putting him in the Campaspe, and that his ghost^ was haunting complainant.' The Bench fined her £2, with £1 8s. Odl'c -sts; in default one month's imprisonment.. The court then adjourned; till half-past 2 o'clock. :. ■ The court resumed its sitting3 at half-past 2, when the cases of Bolger v. Webb, Hill> Oonlan and Adams, deserting Hired service, were called on. Plaintiff stated that Oonlan and Adems entered his service at, Tocumwal to drive sheep at 25s. per week, and Webb and Hill at Demliquin at 30s. per week. When they arrived at Torrumbarry the men refused to draft the sheep. By Mr. Har court—-Entered into agreement with Adams and Oonlan at Tocumwal to drive shaep t° no specified place." It took three days to draft the sheep at Torrumbarry. If he did not require the men lie would give them a week's notice. Mr. Ford was giving the other men 30s. per weak. Witness did not engage them. Told the men they would not get their w.tges until the sheep were drafted. Their engagement was for no stated time. David Ohrystal, proprietor of Torrumbarry station, stated that hn saw the nen on the 15th in the yard. On the Kith they tfere thoroughly insubordinate. On the 17th met the men, who demanded their wages. There wove 7500 sheep, and he had to get his chil dren from school to attend to tiieai. Tor- / rumbarry was not the destination of the sheep, they wore travelling for s-ile. By Mr. Harcotu-t— It w.is not usual to specify the destination. If a man wished to leave he usually gave a week's notice. Mr. Bolger was his agent, and the toon were bound to obey him. Bolgt±r was re-called and stated that Adams and Oonlan did not give any notice. The Bench ordered that each should forfeit a week's wages. Costs 1 Is. were given in each case. 