pte CSadabonl faprs. BY ATHA. A f Continued from our last.1 4 Good gracious, have you done !' 4 Eh ! What ?' ' Have you done — take breath.' 4 My dear friend, I'm afraid you will never be a poet,' he said quietly. 'Why?' 4 Because you have no ear for the sublime and the beautiful.'' 4 Surely you do not call that rhapsody sublime?' ' Dear Gad, Homer wrote for the rhapsodists. Homer is both sublime and beautiful, you will admit that?' 4 I will admit no such thing. I know nothing about Homer.' 4 Know nothing about Homer ! Ah, that accounts for your want of appreciation. Apropos of Homer, I am going to treat you to a view of Afiz Hassan. This is my dress rehearsal night. You shall be my audience, mio .' ' You are lull of the stage, Nestor. Why don't you adopt it as a profession ?' 4 I have, dear boy. All the world's a stage, and the men and women merely players. Are you not playng a part here ?' ' I, faith, the part of a clown in a rare farce.' 1 Never mind, so you make your audience laugh. Now, sirrah, count two hundred slowly. Ere you have finished, I will strike upon the bell, which shall be a signal for you to enter into the presence of the Gi eat Wizard. In terrorem !' He vanished within the folds of the dome-shaped tent as he spoke, and left me wondering what trick he was about to play next. In five minutes I had for gotten all about Nestor Puffingluim, the conjurer, our journey, the Blue Mountains, and everything con nected with the scene around me. had gone back again in fancy to the Bungalow, had sought Jose Ever- sham, and tried to pick a quarrel with him, and had almost succeeded to my satisfaction when three distinct taps upon a hand bell within the tent brought me out of my waking dream. I rose up, and throwing aside the curtain winch hung before the door, entered, I. was fully prepared for some freak, but scarcely for the scene which met my gaze. The walls of the tent were formed of three large scrolls, after the manner of school maps, each scroll being covered with large cypher. Within a circle, ringed like the track of a circus, stood a small ebony table, with a bright Naptha lamp on cither side, a round crystal g/one, wmcn nasneu ana spnrKiea m ine full glare of the light, like a gigantic diamond. Oppo site the crystal lay an open volume with an ivory wand upon it, over which a little saffron-coloured individual was bent, apparently wholly absorbed in its contents. On his head was a yellow turban of many folds, and from beneath flowed long black locks in snake-like folds ""upon his shoulders. He had bracelets upon his wrists, and a flowing robe of scarlet hue, gathered at the waist with a broad steel belt. 4 Approach, oh, mortal ! I will cast your horoscope,' he cried, without lifting his head from the open book, and with such a well feigned voice that for a moment I paused irresolute. 4 Look into the crystal ball,' said he, taking up the wand and motioning me forward. 4 Now, what seest thou ?' ' The frontispiece of one Tim Gadabout, much elon gated,' answered I. 4 Scoffer ! Look again.' 4 I am not an astrologer. I cannot read the future ; am careless respecting the present ; and for the past, well, I've had enough of that.' 4 That is because of Saturn,' replied the star reader, in deep tones. Saturn is against your second and tenth house.' 4 Eiddle de de.' 4 He is lord of its cendant, possibly,' he continued, bending forward, and applying his eye to the globe. 4 Ha ! 1 thought so. Mercury ill aspected — not a doubt of it." ' I don't wonder at Mercury being ill aspected seen through that crystal. Apollo himself would be reflected with a countenance as long as Hobson's bass fiddle, if he were, hero to gaze into it.' The astrologer (intent upon the globe, and speaking in jerks), 4 I see a mist here upon the surface, which now changes to the form of two persons.' 4 Male or female V 4 They are two young men. hi their faces there is deep and lasting enmity, and now they quarrel. Ha 1 The mikt again. I see no more.' 4 Quite sufficient for a dress rehearsal,' cried I, catch ing at his turban and jerking it from his head, taking wig and all. 4 1 see, Nes, you will play this Necro mancer with some show of success, if you can only find dupes to listen to you.' 4 Dupes !' he echoed, with his low chuckle. 4 Ah, Gad, you will see how they will flock round tuy standard —tent, I mean, once we begin.' 4Ah ! When shall we begin?' 4 The day .after to-morrow,' he answered, divesting himself of hisinery. 4 We shall open our campaign at Bathurst. 1 will dispatch Joel ami Tusk in the morn ing to the tdwifmfiipj.and it will be their whole business to gather5 all Aha 'information possible respecting the leading personages therein. Those I opine will be my best customers.' 4 How?' 4 There is no school for scandal like your country townships here at the Antipodes. Every member of the community knows his neighbour's business much better than the neighbour knows it himself, and his sins also. These latter will be certain to be public property. Joel or Tusk will learn the 44 how" and the 44 why," which your humble servant will twist into a 44 wherefore," if lie can but entice them into his lair.' 4 Who ? The sinners ?' ' Aye.' 4 Then you will have the whole population.' 4 So I intend ; that is, the portion of them who can pay.' 4 1 begin to comprehend your plan of attack.' 4 You will understand it more fully by-and-bye. Next to love and revenge, there is no more powerful feeling in the human breast than curiosity. As the moth is drawn toward the star so indeed will 1 prove the attractive power to the good people of Bathurst. It is a capital thing mio to have a knowledge of the strings which move the puppets human. Come, let us to bed." Tusk and Joel left us on the following morning, and in two days joined us by the banks of the river hear the township of Bathurst. A long paragraph under the leader in the Bathurst Free Pi-ess, setting forth the wonderful powers of Afiz I-Iassam, the Wizard of the Desert, set the whole townsfolk on the qui vive. To make assurance doubly sure, my friend determined on a drive through the town in full costume. Four stylish grey ponies were hired at a livery stable for the occasion. Our pair of assist ants blackened their faces, put on wigs, turbans, and long flowing gowns, then issued forth and stood by the chariot and four until the 44 Wizard " appeared bedecked, as I had seen him that evening in the mountain valley. For myself, he had stained my skin, and so disguised me in oriental trousers and robe that I had lost all recognition of myself. We mounted the antideluvian conveyance, and drove away into the main street. In the space of a few minutes we had a seething noisy crowd in our roar which gathered and swelled as we proceeded, until reaching the top of Bond Street, there was not room to wheel round the turn out, but the throng, good- humouredly, made a lane down their ranks for us to pass. The remarks made by the mob respecting our tout ensemble was anything but complimentary. 44 1 say, twig his sconce," cried one. 44 Got the bed quilt round it," says another. 44 Oh my, what a rattletrap," responded a third ; but my companion drove serenely on his way, bowing and smiling to the crowd, and occasionally kissing his hand to them. I was glad when we once more regained the shelter of the tent. Fortunately we had engaged a small patch of private ground, surrounded by a high fence, which kept the curious rabble at bay, otherwise I'm afraid our privacy would not have remained unbroken. During the afternoon the 44 Wizard " remained in close conlab with his two assistants for fully two hours. Then we had dhner, and made preparations for business. Our first visitor was a lady, who was driven to the tent in a closed trap. She was ushered in by the faithful Tusk, who kept the door. I was sitting (as pre- arranged) at the feet of my master, the Wizard, and had therefore a good view of lier. In face and person she was coarse and fat, with a bold cast of countenance. 44 Madam, what can I do for you?" said Afiz Etassam, slowly, and with his gaze fixed upon the crystal. The lady replied, 44 that she had come to have her fortune told." 44 Good ! Stand within the circle," cried the Wizard, talcing up his wand. NO. IX. The lady walked boldly into the circle and confronted the magician, with a cynical look upon her face, which was quite refreshing to the eyes of your humble servant, the poor Nubian slave. 4 Now, madam,' he began, in that deep sepulchral tone which was part and parcel of his mimicry, 4 do you wish to learn what may be in the future for you ?' 4No,' she replied, somewhat scornfully ; 4 1 do not care to test your powers so far. Any humbug can safely predict what may happen in the ordinary course of things to a common mortal like myshttjiithough the prophet may know just no more thatt a-jjbfctijfe 4 Very true, madam,' responded tKe:', quietly. 4 The astrologer is but the mouthpiece/aMmedium through which certain events are mad'roF||o the seeker after secrets which are hidden.' 4 Fiddlestick. I have no faith in cojrabV she answered.' 4 Indeed. Why came you here then ?' 4 Because 1 am a woman, I suppose ; and, womanlike, I am curious to witness your jugglery,' she jaunty insolence. 4 See here. This is a banlhoije five pounds. Answer me two questions and theione£ is yours.' \ ' How if 1 refuse you, madam ?' 4 Then, sir, I will publish you throughout this pl#$. as a swindler and a cheat,,' she responded coolly. 4 Enough. Put back your money. I will answefe you as I find | but do not blame me if the answers aire not to your liking.' As he spoke he drew the lamps" nearer to him. and, placing4 the crystals between them,' gazed steadily into the shining globe for the space of two or three minutes. 4 I am ready, madam,' he said at length. 4 Who am I ?' she asked. 4 You are the third wife of one Richard Tanner, a grocer and town councillor of this place,' answered Afiz Hassan, slowly, but promptly. I was in full view of her as my companion uttered the words, and I saw the eyes open in amaze, though the smile still rested on her lips. ' That was an excellent guess,' she said. 4 It is truth, madam,' responded the wizard, with his gaze still on the globe. 4 Of course. My next question will be more difficult, sir. Can the stars tell you how many times 1 have been married ?' 4 Yes. You have been married twice, madam,' he replied as before. This time the smile vanished from her face entirely, and there came into it a look of dreaded enquiry. 4 Twice have you been wedded.' continued the deep voice of Hassan. 4 Once in another land beyond the ocean, once here, six years ago.' 4 Well. There is very little wonder in a widow being married again,' she replied. 4 You were not a widow, madam.' 4 Sir 1' 4 I repeat you were not a widow when Richard Tanner led you to the altar six years ago in yonder church by the river. This crystal shows me a lady tall and fair, whose girlhood is mated to a drunkard and a black guard. Quarrels, and even blows, are the order of the day in their married life. Then there is a separation. The woman emigrates. As a maiden she enters the service of the man whom now she calls husband ; but the other — the first ' 4 Stop — no more 1' she gasps, with faltering voice, and clutching at the rail for support. I bounded to my feet and brought her a chair, into which she sank like one lifeless. In my concern I should certainly hnve spoiled the part I was acting but a look from the journalist warned me to be silent. I . brought water and bathed the lady's temples, and used such restoratives at hand as soon brought her back to consciousness. As for my companion, he never moved from his chair or opened his lips. When she had somewhat recovered she rose up, and taking out her purse emptied its contents on the table. 4 There are twenty pounds, sir,' she said in a low tone. 4 L would have you keep silent respecting my visit here. If this sum is not sufficient say the word and I will forward a cheque for a like amount to-morrow morning?' 4 Madam, 1 may be a wizard, but I am not an hire ling,' said Hassam, raising his eyes to the full face of his visitor. If you think the test I have given you at all convincing then I am satisfied. Afiz Hassen may perchance utter strange things betimes, but his utte- rances are only for the ears of those whom it may con cern. Take the money or leave it as you please, madam. Hassan has spoken ' She turned to depart, but paused on the threshold of the tent and came back. 4 Can your crystal answer mo another question ?' she enquired, nervously twitching at the costly strings of her bonnet. 4 No. The vision has departed. It cannot be recalled.' 4 1 will give you gold — a hundred pounds — for just one word,' she cried eagerly. 4 1 have spoken, madam.' 4 Very well. Accept my thanks. Your fame shall not lack a tongue to spread it abroad here in Bathurst. Good night.' In another moment, the clear tones af her robust voice were heard giving orders to the coachman to 4 drive home.' Whatever amazement may have sat upon me at the audacity and impudence of my master towards his first client, ' one thing appeared very plain, viz., that the woman evidently had a secret, and that Nestor Puffing- ham made a lucky guess at it, or had been put in pos session of it by his emmisarie Tusk and Jael previously. If I had been inclined to question my friend on the point our crush of business after the departure of Mrs. Tanner would have prevented me. For fully two hours visitors, male and female, came and went in rap id suc cession to and from the presence of the great wizard — some laughing, others thoughtful, and all more or less mystified at the proceedings. Yet I noticed that, with out exception, the whole of these people received nothing extraordinary in the way of information either of the past or the future from the little fortune-teller. Indeed they paid their money for the old, old humbug, and seemed satisfied with it. On occasions when the wizard really did dive iuto the past concerning his visitor Jaei or Tusk invariably thrust into his hand a written scrap of paper before that visitor was permitted to enter the presence of Afiz Hassan. The evening was growing apace when the faithfu doorkeeper entered noiselessly and whispered to his master conjurer smiled and nodded his wizard head with Pauing look. The next moment a tall, slender, KlJpJessed youth entered. He was very handsome, ?|$l£&rried; himself like one who knew he was good- be seated ?' enquired Hassan, without »|m|mSu&gaze; from tho volume before him. responded the visitor, in a rather soft and of voice. 4 1 am not a tulip ; I can stand. JioraUpj lou r head : I want to have a good look at r f I can see you without staring at you like aMoVftfephed Hasssan. 4 I do not like to be stared out! of countenance by my clients.' ' Can you tell me my fortune, old grandfather of owls ?' ' Certainly. You are not what you seem, and yet you seem just what you are,' replied the wizard, auietlv. ' Good. That's a riddle.' ' The truth wrapped up in a riddle.' ' Riddles are your merchandise, sir owl. Tell me the colour of my moustaches.' ' With pleasure. They are the colour of the atmos phere. ' Wrong. They are black. I appeal to your friend here if they are not the colour of his skin. See!' And the visitor began to caress a pair of strong appendages attached to his upper lip.' ' They are what I say they are ; nothing else" ' Why, one cannot see the atmosphere ?' ' Neither could one see your moustaches without the aid of a microscope.' ' Sir, you insult my manhood.' ' Aye, if you were a man.' ' Am I not ?' ' No.' ' What am I then.' ' A woman ! — a bold, daring woman, who would be a man if you could unsex yourself.' ' Thank you. That s quite sufficient for the present,' she answered, somewhat abashed, and at the same time coolly taking off her trim moustaches, which she laid on the table. ' There's the best part of my manhood. You should have this wig also, but it is not mine to bestow. Now, 0 great Wizard of the Desert, tell me something of the past.' ' With reference to yourself ?' < Yes.' ' Gold must pass between us, lady.' ' Very well. How much ?' she asked, with a laugh, and drawing forth her purse. ' Hassan is not a huxter. Place beside this crystal whatsoever it pleases you,' he said. ' There are two gold pieces fresh from the mint.' she answered. ' Good ! Now be silent for one moment,' he cried, holding the shining globe from the glare of the lamp. A deep silence now for several minutes, Hassan deeply intent upon the sphere, without motion of head or body ; the girl standing looking on with eager face, on which rests an expression half defiant and perplexed, her dark wig awry, and disclosing a mass of shining hair of the true Saxon breed beneath. ' I'm waiting patiently,' she said anon. ' What does that globe relate of my past history ?' ' It says you are a madcap,' replied the wizard, slowly. ' Oh, dear. Is that all ?' ' No. Much more than that if you wish to hear it.' ' I do wish. That is what I came for. Only before you begin pray send this coloured gentleman out of the place. He seems as if he were going to cat me.' 'The Nubian is a poor dumb slave,' said the wizard. ' Dumb ? Ah, well, lie has a fine eye. Bid him turn his looks in some other direction if you please,' she added. It took all the strength of my muscles to repress the hearty guffaw that rose up within me as Hassan motioned me round to the wall with his wand. I would have given all the gold and notes upon the table to have had five short minutes by myself so that 1 might have roared my fill. ' Young lady, the science of the stars tenches me that you are the only daughter of Hugh Bradley.' ' Who is he ?' ' An ex-railway contractor, and the most wealthy man in this town.' ' Right. Go on.' ' That your mother died when you were an infant ; that your father doted on you, humoured your whims and caprices to the letter ; in fact spoiled you alto gether. The self-willed child buds and blossoms into the wayward girl ' ' Who marries her father's coachman ?' she adds, with a low laugh. ' No, there is nought of marriage here,' continued Hassan smoothly. ' The crystal pictures to me a ball room, where a young lady is horsewhipping a gentle man because he was rude to her.' ' Hold, sir ! I am da pmfundis ,' she cried, with changed aspect, and in a serious tone. ' If I came to scoff at your art it was because I believed you a juggler. But down the crystal. I acknowledge your power.' She made a hurried exit, and the next moment we could hear a merry peal of laughter from the friends who had accompanied her as the party were being driven away. Our next customer was a tall, hard-featured, Irish woman, who strode into the tent with a baby in her arms. ' Arrah, which o' ye is the fortune-teller ?' she cried, looking first at the wizard and then at myself. ' What do you want to know, my good woman ?' asked my companion, in a soothing tone. ' Shane, my husband — Pat. MeShane — is after leav ing me, wid eight small children to support an' main tain widout a farden. The vidian. Mush a, yer honour, it's myself that has the burden ; an' this is the youngest,' she cried. ' How can I serve you, madam 1' ' Kindly tell me' where Pat is, an' the blessin' of a heart-broken woman, wid' eight hungry spalpeens, rest upon you for ever.' I burst out into a lusty peal of laughter. If the building of the hospital for the destitute poor had de- . pended then and there upon my silence it would have been just the same. Not for all the riches which Sinbad the Sailor saw in the diamond valley could L have pre vented that hearty roar, which had gone nigh to crack ing my ribs in its repression. The amazon turned towards me with astonishment depicted in every line of her rugged features. ' Tare an' ages, Mr. Blackamore, it's a fine thing to be laffin' at a poor lone woman, left to fight the world ; isn't it now?' she retorted, with a fierce gesture of her arm. Her words only added fuel to my risible muscles. ' ffaix, ye devil's brat, I'll blacken yer two eyes if ye dare be giggling at me,' she cried passionately. ' Ha, ha, ha — ho, ho, ho.' ' Listen to the hay then blackguard,' with a sarcastic appeal to the wizard. ' Och hone, it's swallowed 1'li be entirely if he opens that gap in his face much wider.' ' Don't mind him,' responded Hassan ; ' he is quite harmless, I assure you, madam. This slave belongs to a strange race, who when they are hungry always begin to laugh. It is drawing nigh supper time with the Nubian.' ' How quare,' replied Mrs. Pat McShane, gazing at mc with mingled rage and wonder. ' Faix it the nayger lived wid me he'd often be laffin' I'm thinking, for devil a supper he'd get at all.' ' You came here to learn the whereabouts of your husband, I believe,' said Hassan, wishing to conclude the interview as soon as possible. ' That's it, sir.' ' Pray be seated. I will consult the oracle,' he con tinued, peering into the crystal. ' Ha ! Here is a short, thick-set fellow ' ' Wid a sandy head and a scar over his right eye ?' ' The same, madam.' ' That's my Pat. Bad luck to the runaway thief, she responded quickly. ' Arrah where will I find him, yer honor.' ' He is in a valley ringed in with high hills. Tho place is full of holes, where men arc delving with pick and shovel,' replied my companion, with his gaze fixed on the globe. ' Why, murder alive, that's the diggings.' ' Just so. I can observe the forms of men washing the precious metal from the earth. Then 'a thick mist gathers over the scene. Presto ! It has vanished. Madam ; I can tell you no more.' ' Faix that's enough,' she cried, preparing to quit the tent. ' So that I know where the boy is, I'm content to pull along for the present. Maybe he'll be coming home wid a nugget. Good evening. I thank ye.' ' Stop. There are two sovereigns. Take them up. They will help you and your little ones until your hus band returns to you with the nugget. Tusk, show this woman out, and close the tent.' NO. X. In that one short week we sojourned at Butlmrst, Afiz Hassan gained a reputation which has not faded even to this day amongst its inhabitants. Had he been a real live son of the desert he could scarcely have made a greater sensation. Financially the business was a decided success. After deducting the expenses incurred, the wizard de posited a hundred pounds in the bank of New South Wales towards that charitable object he had set himself to accomplish. I became more and more attached to my little friend as the days went by. Beneath his cynicism and that worldly selfishness which the nations of our day call philosophy, and with which the journalist was at times imbued, there lay broad sympathies for his kind. O: e night ere we left Bathurst we sauntered out for a stroll. It was late, and very few people abroad. At the junction of the main thoroughfare a ragged little boy accosted us for alms. Puffingham hastily put something into the child's hand, then thrust him rudely aside off the kerb. In a moment the boy was after us. ' Sir,' lie cried, ' you have made a mistake. You have given me half-crown instead of a penny.' ' Humph ! did I ? There's another, then, boy, to keep that one company. Now exit — vanish, you infernal young vagabond,' he added gruffly. ' If you say but the ghost of a word in reply I'll call a policeman and have you sent to the lock-up. Be off.' Those were palmy days we spent amongst the green valleys and the wooded heights which intervene between Bathurst and Orange. While our scouts journeyed onward to the. latter township to glean information which should astonish the natives when uttered hereafter by the wizard, we lounged idly by stream and meadow- land moralising on the credulity of the race human. ' Tell me. O noble conjurer,' I cried, 'didst the crystal really show thee the many things thou hast re vealed to these people?' ' Not a bit af it, my dear fellow,' he replied, lighting his short cutty pipe.. ' The crystal globe shows me no more of the luture or the past than may be depicted on. the faces of those who consult me. The most eminent physicians will toll you that Nature is the best assistant they have in coping with disease. So with mc ; where Jael and Tusk fail me, then Nature tid'-s me over the difficulty.' ' Do you think there is any truth in astrology ?' ' The astrologer says it is a science, ar.il science is the essence of truth. From the first birth of man the planets have governed worldly fates. Y/dow and spite ful »Saturn, and red Mars, armed for- battle — these pair bring little luck to man. But by their side, lo ! Venus > s bright and joyful, and the herald Mercury, with his shining wings. Dear God, it is a terrible fall to lose faith even in such a minute thing as a grain of mustard seed.' ' Truly spoken, mighty . Hermes. ' ' Who can blame the faith that rests with stars and angels ?' he continued seriously. ' That boyish legend we learned at school, which says " We live to learn," is not all fable. 'Tis not the eye that peoples space with mystical life, but the soaring mind. This fair anil great round wclii, with itsdepthless oceans, its measure- ' less shore, is all too narrow to bind the mounting intel ligence that would wing its way to the Divinity. Astro logy is but one unit in the many which link man to the starry world. If in faith, then it is the fable of belief that the old poets taught — how spirits and gods walked this world with man, and when they left him here the wreath of love and hate was first woven through the immeasurable worlds above, and which yet holds us in its affinity.' It Avas a bright moonlight night when we gave our first performance at Orange, a township next in impor tance to Bathurst, and distant from the latter about thirty-five miles. The fame of the wizard had pro ceeded us, we therefore had plenty of business. There was no need of parading the chariot and four greys, we had visitors galore before we were ready to receive them. From the many who came and went on this particular evening, there was one who created no small fund of amusement to me, and for a time upset the calculations of Afiz Hassan himself. It was getting late, and we were about to shut up shop for the night, when a tall, thread-bare looking individual pushed his way into our presence and de manded audience. I could not help noticing the jolly expression stamped on his features, together with a knowing, roguish twin kle in his eyes, as he stood up before the table and fixed his gaze upon the fortune teller. ' VVal, now, I reckon you're goin' to turn me inside out?' he said. ' Just abuot to put before me by way of reminder some of my darling sins, eh ?' ' What is it you wish to know ?' rejoined Hassan, looking at his visitor with some attention. As soon as the wizard opened his mouth I observed the man start in surprise. ' I believe it would be easy fir you to say where I was born, eh ?' he cried. 'Nothing easier,' replied my comrade, in his usual quiet tone, while at the same time he took up the crystal. ' You first saw the light of day in Boston, America. Five days after birth you were discovered on the steps of the Foundling Hospital in that city. ' Tarnation and snakes !' lie cried, his face darkening with anger ; but the next moment his merry laugh rang out like a peal of bells. ' My friend, I guess you have the weather side of me,' quoth he. 'Just let Boston rip, if you please. This is Australia, a free country. Discourse on Australia, boss. That's the ticket for Joss Davis, I reckon.' 'You have been in Australia about five years, and you have seen a few ups and downs during that time.' ' Particularise, boss — do ?' 1 Briefly, then. Here you arc, driving a corporation cart for the Municipal Gounoil of Orange. Two years ago you were on Ihe staff of one of the leading journals in this colony.' ' Good ! Blaze away,' he cried, merrilly, ' This crystal,' continued Hassan, 'reveals a picture which you may recognise. It is a bleak spot many hundreds of miles from (Sydney, where gold is supposed to lie hidden in the rooks around. In their feverish greed for the precious metal, men work day and night, and suffer thirst and hunger, and sickness, aud even death. Within an old tent near this spot a poor, unfortunate gold-seeker lies ill and emaciated. He is a small, puny fellow at best, and totally unfitted lor the rough life of a digger. By the miserable couch of the sick digger sits his mate. This fellow is tall and strong, and his hands are bony with toil, .yet his touch is as soft and gentle as that of a woman. Both have been unfortunate. They have delved and toiled, and sweated through heat and through cold without having obtained so much as a pennyweight of gold, and des pair has seized the weaker mental of the twain. Are you listening?' ' With both ears, boss.' The sick man groans worse. It is fifty-eight long miles to the nearest settlement, across mountain and creek, and there is no conveyance ; but the. mate re solves to carry his ailing comrade on his back over these weary miles, and he does it. Does it bravely, and with cheering words, which have the effect of infusing courage into the drooping frame of his companion, whose life is thereby preserved, for at the settlement lie is cared for and nursed into health again. Now, Joshua Davis, ol the Orange Corporation, do you acknow ledge this as a correct picture.' ' VVal, 1 cannot say. Pass the crystal. Seeing is believing,' he responded. The wizard, to my surprise, lianded the globe over to him without a word. The man took it, and, putting on a grave look, said — ' I cannot discern the picture you nave described, but there is a scene here instead, which you, being a fortune teller, may understand.' My comrade nodded, and the visitor continued — ' Here are mirrored four miserable walls called a room, in a back street in (Sydney. There are only three things in this miserable den, viz., an old table, and a chair with a man in it. The poor unfortqnate fellow has had the devil's luck and his own, and has gone as near starvation as man may, and yet lite. He has travelled the city round and round, and round again, until his clothes have become so delapidated that no one will give him employment. He would end his life, but he has not the wherewithal to purchase the material for the unholy deed. Then there falls upon him a deeper, darker despair. There is left to him the water. The harbour is deep, and — silent too. He goes forth into the darkened night., and hurries onward past lonesome dwellings and mansions blazing with light, and music and merry laughter ; past loathsome hovels, where there are no lamps, and down by the pier, where the silent ships loom upward in his sight like huge, dark monsters tempting him to his doom. While the man is prowling round for a place to leap, lo ! there comes a saviour in the person of a little man, with a lighted lantern in his hand, who instantly recognises the would-be suicide, learns bis fortune, and so rescues him. Now, Afiz Hassan, Wizard of the Desert, what do you say to that picture?' he cried, striding up to the table ; and before the poor journalist had time to say Jack Iiobinson, the strange visitor had rent the gown from his back and the wig from his head. ' Nestor Puffingham, by snakes and thunder !' ' Joss Davis 1' ' The same, at your servicp, old boy,' he roared out in his hearty fashion. I only discovered you by a fluke. This morning I saw you in Queen- street, and recog nised you in a moment. You turned into the Recorder office ; and when you had departed, I learned that you were connected with the great wizard, about whom the whole, town are talking. My dear Nes, I am so glad to see you.' ' I'm sure you are, Joss ; I can return that compli ment with interest. Gadabout, let me introduce you to one of the most untameablc Bohemians at this end of the world,' cried Puffingham, turning to me. ' But for this gentleman's noble heroism and self-sacrifice your humble servant would have never played the wizard.' ' Thereby the committee of the Sydney Hospital Building Fund would have lost five hundred pounds,' I rejoined. 'Nay, I will go further, sir ; I say that the colony at large would have lost one of its few abl o and energetic men,' responded Davis. ' That picture I drew from the crystal is no romance. If I aided Puffingham to escape from the inferno at Wentworth, I calculate he prevented the aharks of Sydney harbour from dining off me. In that respect we are quits. But for the many acts of good will and fellowship with which I am indebted to him I never can repay. And now, gentle men, I will ask you both to dine with me at the Red Lion Hotel. In anticipation of this meeting, I ordered dinner for four, to be ready at nine o'clock. I see it is 'after ten ; but that does not matter. We shall have all the more zest for the meal, I trust. Nay, ' I will take no denial. Come along — we'll make a night of it.' NO. XI. I must now take the story teller's privilege and pass at one bound over a lapse of two years. In this age of hurry slcurry, it may be said that a man ought to have something to relate during one hundred and four weeks, five days and odd hours of his life. Tut, gentle reader, I am a modest man, and care not to give thee my autobiography in these papers. Those two years were eventful to me, certainly, because in that time I had risen out of the slough of despond, to the hard metalled highway — rough perhaps — but no less the highway of life. The lazy dreamer had become a practical man and a worker. in wiaii time, iiol live uumtreu puuiius, uui uouuiu the sum had been given to the Hospital Fund by Nestor Puffingham. The little journalist had mounted to the Editorial desk, and also could now write M.L.A. after his name. From the windows of tlie Legislative Hall, he could view the massive structure for the poor and destitute rising its charitable front to the sky — a true monument of the colony to which lie belonged, and of whose collective wisdom he formed part. For my kind hearted friend, those two years had been pregnant with turmoils and battle. The war of politics — of leaders, and such leaders and comments in newspapers. Of speech from platform and hust ings, and hot fierce debate of party. While for myself, there had been no more than the mistakes, the failures, nor less than the successes and the triumphs attendant upon men in every walk of life, who begin with a deter mination to conquer. Fortunate was it for me that Major Tom Gaythorpe at the. solicitation of my dear aunt, invited me to his Station on the River Murray. " I want an overseer," said the Major. " A man who can sit anything in the shape of horseflesh, from a circus mule to abuekjumper, is just the fellow I require, and I think you're that per sonage, Gadabout." So the thing was settled. I went with the Major to the station on the Murray. " Helmsdale," my new home, had a seventy-miles frontage to the river, and was admittedly one of the finest horse-breeding properties in the colony. Two years is not a long apprenticeship to some in any profession ; yet, 1 have read of men rising to some thing beyond horse- breeders in less time. If the time had sped quickly to me, it was because I had been di ligent in my duties, even to the smallest detail. I had taken the old saw for my motto, " that anything worth doing, is worth doing well. The Major was pleased with my - application to his interests. He wrote my aunt, who generously made an offer in my behalf which was accepted by Major Gay th rope. For a sum of four thousand pounds I became part owner of the property. The Major being a bachelor, and fond of racing and these out-door sports, wherewith gentlemen of the last century were wont to amuse them selves, was rarely at the station, therefore, the manage ment fell solely upon me. One morning in the early spring, when I had been out for a life-giving stretch across the bush on a favour ite back, I found a boy awaiting me with a telegram. He had ridden twenty miles with' it in less than two hours. The missive only contained five words. — " Major III. Come at once." The telegram bore date from a township one hundred and thirty miles distant, but I had good cattle to select from, and I made the journey ere the sun had set. The Major had been taken from the field of a dingo hunt, where he had received a fall, and broken three of Lis ribs, to the residence of T. B. Buckhouse, Mayor of Drayton. The Chief Magistrate's house was situated three or four miles out of town, and appeared to me to. be large enough for the habitation of a royal duke. Almost the first person I met here was one whom I should never have thought to encounter, viz., Mr. Jose Eversham. I was so surprised at sight of him that I could not 8 peak for several seconds. " Mr. Gadabout, glad to meet you again," he said with a cold inclination of his' head. "Major Gaythorpe is not so badly hurt as we at first anticipated. It was a nasty tumble, though. Pra', come this way." If I had been astonished at meeting my old rival at such an out-of-the-way place as Drayton, I was still more surprised at his altered appearance in contrast to what I had seen of him at Bungalow. Thin, and withered, and with his great bones protruding, he appeared but the ghost of the handsome gipsy I had envied two short years ago. About his face, the alter ation was yet more noticeable, the cheeks were sunken and hollow, and his groat black eyes had a glare in them betimes like unto a famished wolf. I found Major Gaythrope sitting up in bed, and band aged like a mummy. " My dear Gadabout, this is very kind of yon,'' he cried, his face brightening the while." " How did you hear of the accident ?" "Did you not send for me ?" I asked, looking at him in wonder. "My dear boy, nothing would give me greater pleasure than to have you near vnc in case of mishap, but I have not become selfish enough to have you ride a hundred and fifty miles because my horse happened to refuse a three-rail fence," he responded. " Look at this telegram, sir, that was brought me at the station this morning." " Humph ! It is strange," he muttered, handing me back the missive after he had perused it over thought fully. "I do not remember having mentioned your name to anybody here. Stay — where is Buckhouse ?" "Here am I, old boy," responded a little stout, red faced personage, making his appearance from an inner room at that moment. " Buckhouse. My friend Gadabout. By the way, did you forward a telegram to him this morning ? " Faith, Tom, I can't say," responded Buckhouse. " However, I am heartily glad you are here, sir," he ad ded, shaking me by the hand. "Tom Gaythorpe and myself have known each other for twenty years, and by the Lord Harry, sir, I thought our friendship was all over in this world when he got that crusher out at Fenton's gap." Pooh ! Only a shake. Be on my legs again to morrow," growled the Major. " I hope so, indeed," replied the kindhearted Buck- llvUbc» tllLlLi o 1/110 UlllllGl UOlli IYjLI < \7aUilUOUU| 1" trust you will make my house your home for a few days." I accepted the invitation in the same hospitable spirit in which it was offered. Dinner was served in the sick man's room, and at half-past eleven I retired for the night. As I have before remarked, the residence of the Mayor- of Drayton was of palatial dimensions. The Northern wing was quite unoccupied, and approached from below by two flights of stairs leading to a broad balcony, and from thence by a corridor, to the several bedrooms beyond. To one of these latter'l was con ducted by my host, who said, " you will sleep undis turbed here after your long ride. Some of my friends down stairs are noisy fellows and will not retire much before daylight. If you want anything there's the bell rope. Good night !" The bedroom was a spacious apartment, fitted with every modern luxury. A grand bed, canopied with thick curtains, easy chairs, books, pictures, with carpet and rugs of velvet pile. I took off my coat, then wound up my watch, and laid it on the table before me. Somehow, though tired, I felt no inclination to sleep. Seating myself in one of the soft easy chairs, I took up a volume from the table and began to read. Strange, the book happened to be a treatise on madness, written by an eminent Colonial Medico. 1 had opened the work midway, but the language and the subject had' such an attraction for me, that for some considerable time I was quite oblivious to everything but the spell of the subject before me. I was roused, however, by a slight noise in the direction of the door. Starting up suddenly, I beheld Jose Ever- sham standing within the apartment. He had locked the door on the inside, and was in the act of depositing the key in his pocket, as I rose and confronted him. I cannot state clearly why a strange feeling of terror took possession of me as I looked at him. Something in his face recalled to my mind the symptoms I had been reading from the book in my hand. While the horror of the situation was still upon me, the intruder drew a chair towards the bell rope and mounting thereon quickly severed the cord high out of reach. The act at once ravealed to me the danger of my position. Excepting the terrible idea which took possession of. me when I first discovered him, I felt my courage rise with the emergency. After all we were man to man. Let his purpose be what it might, felt my self his equal. He possessed vast physical strength, but I had presence of mind, and the energy of nerve in my favour. I cannot describe the expression of his face as he ap proached me. I only know that I calmly moved to the other side of the table, thus placing the obstacle between us, and without once moving my gaze from hi?. " Do you wish to know why I came here to-night ?" he asked, in a low intense tone of voice. " No !" " Then I will tell you. I came to kill you — kill, kill you. Do you hear ?' he hissed out between his teeth, and his great black eyes ablaze with passion. " Why should you do that, I never injured you, sir ?" ' It's a lie," he shrieked. " A damnable smooth lie, and I'll have your life." " As you please, but pray enlighten me with reference to my crime ?" " Crime !" he echoed with a low short laugh. "Have you not stolen my jewel ?" Where is Alice Barton ?" " I cannot say, sir." " Another lie," he cried. " You have stolen her away from me, who was to have been her husband — nay — am her husband." " Mr. Eversham. Are you mad ?" The words brought an instant change in his mood. "Mad !" he repeated with a vacant stare. " Aye, I am mad. Did not Nestor Puffingham tell you so ?" " No, sir." " Then be was not true to you," he responded, seating himself in the chair I had vacated. " I am mad. I can feel it in my brain, in my blood, and in every tissue and fibre of my body. I have felt it for years. Many a time 1 have longed to tear and rend like a wild beast, but the little people who hover about me at night, said they would chain me in a madhouse beside my uncle, if I did not behave myself. Ha, I'm as cunning as a fox when they are by. No chains for Jose Eversham." Swift as a- streak of light the thought came to me that Rodger Eversham, the squatter, had become the inmate of a lunatic asylum. The reluctance of the journalist to speak about the rich station holder in our previous conversation was sufficiently clear to me now. A nameless terror began to creep over me as I watch ed the working features of my dread companion, but I. still presented a cool front, and kept my eye upon his every movement. " Sit you down," he said,- presently. " Nay, I am the culprit. It is meet Ishould- stand in the presence of my judge," I responded, making an effort to humour him. " Very good 1" and he curdled my blood with the laugh which rang from him the next moment. " I am going to tell you a secret," he said, quietly. Alice Barton loves you. She told me so when I went to ask her to be my wife. Will you mark what I tell you ?" " Certainly, sir." " Loves you — loves you. Such a puny fellow as you, because you saved her from the river, eh ? She would not tell me that in so many words, oh, dear no, she's too cunning for that, but the madman was as cunning as the lady, mark 1 I saw you in her eyes and in every j: 1- K i?aa/\ 1.1 a I O U n 1 hl<4 n 4-ll n 4" ULIUJ1C 111 UUI 1HUU. XXiV i UUC WUlU nu iiiV4U utiau llUill me. 'You're the man for Gal way." His rambling words made my heart throb with pleasure despite tho deadly peril in which I stood. What if Frank Barton's sister really did care for me after all ? " Can you write ?" he asked again, abruptly. I answered him in the affirmative. " Sit down and write what I shall say to you." " There are neither pens or ink. Suppose I mend the bell rope and ring for them." He rose suddenly. " No, no. Play the fox some other time," he said. " Look round, the doors are locked. No one can come to you if you had lungs of brass to call them. Ha, ha, ha, my hero of the Nopean. You are in my power." " I am in the power of no man breathing," I replied defiantly. " I do not wish to raise my voice, becauso I can hold my own against one man, be that man's intents violence and bloodshed." " oh I oh ! You don't fear me eh ?" " I do not. I cannot see that you are here to commit a profitless crime, for as sure as you attempt it, the little people whom you mentioned just now will certainly find it out and you will receive punishment. Back sir, would you doom yourself to the madhouse and the chain." I saw the slaver gather at his mouth as he set him self to spring at me like some wild jungle tiger, but I was prepared for and eluded the rush. Eversham miss ing his object, lost his balance, struck against the edge of the table which partially interposed, and caused him to come down with a shock that for a moment well nigh stunned him. Meanwhile, I had gained the hearth, and snatching up a heavy bronze ornament from the mantle- shelf dashed it full at him as he leaped upon me. Un fortunate y the missile missed my antagonist, and went crashing through the window behind him. " Ho, ho," he cried out in baffled rage. "Do you think to trifle with me ? Now will I strangle you to death like you were, a dog." I could not avoid him longer, therefore closed with him wfie're I stood. lu his mad headlong rash at'nte, I gained the advantage of a grip which had been taught, me long ago by one of the first wrestlers in England. Even with this advantage, I soon found that I was no more to him than a stripling would be in the hands of a giant. Here and there, up and down we straggled, his crazy eyeballs ringed white, and glaring at me with a ferocity which disclosed the hate of a roused and deadly lunatic. I have no remembrance of time in that sharp shrift for my life. Under the impression that he had no weapon, I allowed him to twist mo to and fro, and so re duce his strength by sheer exhaustion ; but I was coping with a madman whose muscular power seemed limitless. Peeling my own vigor fast receding, I made one last strenuous effort and threw him a heavy back fall. His head came in contact with the fender, and the blood spurted down his face, as I attempted to fix my knees upon his chest. Relieved from my hug, he caught me round the body, and rolled me over instantly. Then there flashed athwart my failing sight the glitter of a long keen blade. " Did I not tell you, L would kill you ?" he hissed in my face. " Irla, ha, lia." I felt my hour near. Yet, I did not lose my presence of mind. As my antagonist raised the knife, I called out, suddenly, "See ! There are the little people behind you. Look !" He bounded up with a scared face, and threw down the knife. Quick as thought, I pounced upon it, and hurled it through the window. "Liar and devil," lie roared out. "You have deceived me again. Down on your knees, You shall have no mercy." Almost simultaneously with his words came a loud rat, tat, rat, tat, tat, at the door. "I say, what on earth is the matter" called out several voices eagerly. " Burst open the door, gentlemen ! Quick !" I called out, as my assailant once more caught me in his deadly embrace. I was half strangled ere they got in and tore my mad antagonist from my prostrate body. But the relief came in time, else these papers would never have been written bjr me. NO. Nil. The terrible curse of madness had appeared to have been the heir loom of the Evershams for many genera tions in England. Here, both uncle and nephew had succumbed to it. The former gradually and harmlessly had fallen from his high estate into utter idiocy. The latter suddenly, and by one leap, into a dangerous raging lunatic. Those who had known Jose Everslinin, could hardly credit the idea that he was mad — and there was no one amongst the number more sceptical on the point than Mr. Buckhouse and Major Gaythorpe — for some considerable time after that night scene dis- cribed in my last paper. With the cunning of a madman, he had sent, the telegram unkuiwii to any member of the Major's household, and had waited with a feverish longing to take my life. Why he should, have singled out nivself as the first object on which to vent his mad fury was fully explained in his hitter reproach that I had stolen away his love. But I was not aware then that he had actually been to Maysville to ask Alice Barton to become his wife, and that she had refused him. So it transpired, however. Poor fellow. I pitied him deeply. This sudden plunge into utter oblivion — nothingness — from the full pride and mental vigor of a bright young manhood, was something Jnghtiul to contemplate. Tor ever, and for evermore, the world would be to liini but as a faded dream, and, therefore, as such, and no more, I say adieu to thee, Jose Eversham. Once more at the Bungalow. There is the Major, dosing under the vine clad verandah, with .John Barton in company. Within that room beyond, and whore the sun is casting huge beams and bars of liquid silver, Alice Barton sets besides my aunt, with an open volume of poems, from which she is reading. Frank Barton and myself are lounging apart, planning how we arc to enjoy ourselves for the next three weeks. Because the Bartons have come down from the country to spend a holiday at tli c Bungalow, Mrs. Shelley (my aunt's neighbour) and her charming noice, Fanny Bishop, have determined to help my kinswoman to make the brief visit as agreeable as possible. "Then that is agreed on," says my companion. " Old Tenant's Folly is the best place wc can select for a pic-nic. I will write to the city this evening fin' what we require in the shape of mahogany coloured hams and tougucs, strasbcrg, potted fowl, and so forth. I've no doubt our old friend Roily will furnish us with a supply of grapes and apricots." " Wiiat's all this I hear about ' Tenant's Folly ?' " enquired Mrs. Col. Dutton. " We are only going to hold a pic-nic beside the old Ruin, that's all," answers Frank, glancing towards Miss Bishop, who at the moment is deeply intent on a difficult passage of Bcethovens on the piano. " I adore Tenant's Folly, Mrs. Dutton. It is to me the most delightful spot in the universe, and I con understand why a man of limited means should have ruined him self in building, or attempting to' build, such a place. If the trustees were inclined to sell, I would ask dad to purchase the place to-morrow." The groom brought the pi we ton after luncheon, and wc — that is, the ladies and myself, with Frank Barton as our Jehu, drove away in the bright spring sunshine. Through lanes of scented foliage, where the breath of the' mountains came to us laden with -life-giving air, fresh and pure as the perfume of ilnwcrs. The drive was a success. On the breeKV heights above Westi'ord, the horses were unyoked, and we proceeded on foot towards the eaves in the vicinity. To the present time, I never could comprehend how Frank Barton's sistei', and your humble servant, managed to stray away from the party, in the harmony of that still .twilight evening. In all my intercourse with her, and in that close intimacy which had been ours of late, I had not uttered one word which the vainest coquette could construe into a confession of anything wanner than friendship. And yet there had been something — yes, sincerely something ! No spoken word; no license of glance ; no daring pressure or a veilding hand — something fifty times less palpable, and yet a hundred times sweeter than any of these — a lowering of the voice — a tender tiemulons tone now and then — a dreamy softness in the deep blue eyes — a silence more eloquent than words — a sudden break in a si riti'iiee, that had a deeper meaning than a hundred sentences. We sat . down on a ledge of rock, to wait for our companions. In the deep stillness around, our strange silence was ail the more manifest. " Did 1. not hear you reading 'Tennyson this morn ing? " 1 asked her, by way of saying something. " Yes." " What a, wonderful poet he is! and how much more wonderful as a philosopher ! To niv mind he is the greatest teacher and preacher of our age — stern ami harsh, bitter and cruel sometimes, but always striking home to the very root of truth with an unerring aim. I grow better, braver, and stronger as I read him. Alfred Tennyson lias set the stamp of his own sufferings on -every page of his poetry. A man must have suffered before lie could write 1 Locksley Hall.' A man must have been tempted, and must have triumphed, before he could write ' Love and Duty.' Do you know the poem, Miss Barton ? " " No." "Ah! it is only two pages of blank verso, hut I have read it so often that it is fixed in my memory. Shall I repeat it ? " "If you please." In that lovely spot there was no fear of interruption from stray way-farers, and so I repeated the poem slowly to her, gathering strength and courage as I proceeded, until I reached the last paragraph, and then paused abruptly. She looked up at niein the gathering gloom with a look of enquiry. " Is that all ? " she said. " No, Miss Barton. My memory is, not so retentive here. Apropos of the poem, 1 want to ask your advice respecting a friend of mine." " 1. don't think I have had enough experience of life to he a. good adviser." " But you are a ladv, and you have a lady's subtle instincts when honour is at stake. Worldly experience is not needed in this case." "Then i will advise you, sir, to the best of my ability, '' she answered in a low tone. " Thank you. Here is my friend's case in half- dozen words." " Three years ago, my friend was so unfortunate as to fall in love." " Why vnfurtmiate ? " she asked. " Because the social and mental conditions of those twain were so much in favour of the lady, that the gentleman despaired of ever aspiring to a position to declare his love." " Why." " The lady was wealthy, young, beautiful. The lover, plain of person, and poor as job." " But lie had courage ? ' " A ve, physical courage." "Then that was sufficient, surely," she responded. " Nay, hut the lady in question was the betrothed wile of another." The silken fringe of her eyelids droop and hide the bright gleam shining in them. " Perchance your friend was not wise in loving this lady," she said quickly. " Unhappily it is the old, old story. A careless, thoughtless, fellow, suddenly awakened out of his negligence to find his heart throbbing into life — to discover the difference between a grateful impulse of the mind, and an absorbing passion of the heart. Oh ! Miss Barton, I. cannot toll you Jiow bitter that awaken ing was." " I pity your friend, and would help him if I could," was the answer. " But you said this lady was the betrothed wife of another." "True; yet lie who was to have been her husband is dead to her now for ever." " And yet, she may not have loved this betrothed husband alter all ! There is an old Greek fancy which explains a perfect love — as two beings who have been separated by an angry deity, and have wandered blindly through the universe in search of one another ; and then, when the half soul has found its mate, there is reunion. Tell your friend not to despair." In a moment I was down on my knees besides her. "Gh, Alice! dear Alice ! let me confess myself one part of this old Grecian fable," 1. cried, taking both her small hands in mine own. " Let me confess to you how dearly the twin soul longs for its better, and brighter half. Alice, I cannot find words to express how dearly and fondly I have watched and waited for this opportunity to tell you how much I love you. Three years ago, 1. left you on yonder mount, thinking that mine eyes would never rest upon you again in this world ; but I loved you .then, as I love von now, with lny whole heart and soul. 1. went from you, believing you were the affianced wife of another and since then, J have worked and striven as only men strive and work who love honour above all things. My friend's case is my own case. Tell me what I my do in this my need ?" The torrent of words came last and furious upon her, hut I could not stay them if my existence had been tile forfeit. Bhe looked up at me with a bright brave glance, and then her shining head nestled itself upon my bosom. " Our angry deity parted us on yonder mount," she murmured. " And this, darling, is our re-union." Shall J. draw the curtain here, dear reader, or gentle reader, or kind reader? Well, L must. Lam married now, and my sweet wife is looking over my shoulder as I conclude these papers. Bo farewell to thee. We have, spent a lew pleasant, hours together, and L trust we shall meet again anon, if my charming better half consents to the j ublishing of a second seiies of the Gadabout Papers. 