AUSTRALIAN POETRY. SEPTEMBER IN AUSTRALIA. [Br Hejtet Ebnbale.] <^Ghrey Winter hath gone, like a wearisome-guest, : And, behold, for inpayment, .^September comes in with the wind- of the West, And the Spring in her raiment! "SThe ways of the frost have been filled ef the flowers ' ; While the forest discovers f ^"Wild wings with the halo of hyaline hours, i And a music of lovers. ► September,' themaid with- the swift,-eilver -feet! She glides, and she graces -The valleys of'coolness, the slopes of the heat, With her blossomy traces. Sweet month with a month that is made of a"xose,r She lightens and lingers > fn spots where the harp of the evening glows, Attuned by her-fingers. The stream from its home in the hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion ; . And the day goeth down with-a song -on its lips, Whose key-note is passion. '•'War out in the fierce bitter front of the -sea, I stand-end remember 5)ead things that were brothers andsistersof thee, Resplendent September. The West,'when it blows at the fall of the noon, And beats on the beaches, . Is filled with a tender and tremulous tune" That touches and teaches : '.'The-stories of Youth, of the burden of time, And the death of Devotion, «Come back with the wind, and are themes of the rhyme, In the waves of the ocean. We, having a secret to others unknown, In the cool mountain-mosses, ^May whisper together, September, alone Of our loves-and our losses. ^One word for her beauty, andone fof the grace She-gave to the hours; -And then we may kiss her, and Buffer her face To sleep with the flowers. ?High places that knew of the gold and the white On the forehead of Morning, " Mow darken and quake, and the steps of the Might Are heavy with warning! "Her voice in the distance is lofty and loud Through the echoing gorges; <She hath hidden her eyes in a mantle of cloud, And her feet in the surges ! ^On the tops of the hills; on the turreted cones— Chief temples of thunder— ' The gale, like a ghost, in the middle watch moans, Gliding over -and under. "The sea, flying white through the rack and the rain, Deapeth wild at the forelands ; -And the plover, whose cry is like passion with pain, Complains in the moorlands. *0, season of changes—of shadow and-shine— September the splendid! -My song hath no music to mingle with thine, And its burden is ended: _'But thou, being born of the winds and the sun, By mountain,-by river, -May lighten and listen, and loiter and run, With thy voices for ever. j 