EXCERPTS FROM AMERICAN PAPERS. George Bailor of Council Muffs, Ia., an old citizen, while drunk and despondent, Sunday, cut an artery in his arm and bledtodcath. Ho leaves a wife and sixteen children. The Danish expedition will start for the North Pole in July. It is estimated that there are 10,000.000 men under arms in Europe at the preseut time, and that the annual cost, direct or indirect, of these enoi mous forces is uot less than 2,S10,000,000 dol. The new "Encyclopaedia Britannica" says that the belief in the appearance of ghosts is now more widespread and more firmly held among the educated classes than it has been for centuries." The British people spend £120,000,000 for alcoholic liquors, yet it seems that they are abstemious compared with the population of the Swiss canton of Geneva, where the average outlay in drink every year is cstimated per head, or more than three times that of England. When Mr Gladstone returns to his residence iu the small hours of the morning from the House of Commons, he continues the custom he has observed through bis whole political life, of sitting down to the piano and accompanying himself on the instrument in an old English or Scottish ballad or two. The. Emperor of Russia has in his stables seventy gilded chariots, for use on State occasions, all of which were presented by foreign rulers. Colonel MartinolT, the Czar's stablemaster, has recently imported from Hanover and Mecklenburg, fifty-uifljebloodw} horses, for use at the approaeTiing coronation The building boom has again commenced in Salt Lake. A large number of Mormons are settling in Lincoln county, United States. The Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society of New York, which has on hand over 70,000 dol., intends to buy land in Dakota, and colonise the refugees from Russia. The Chicago men who took 3,000,000 acres of Texas land, and agreed to build a 1,500,000 dol. State house to pay for it, say that the bargain was made on two days' notice. Services were disturbed by a drunken man in the Lutheran Church at Black River, Wis. The minister walked coolly down from the platform, seized the offender, threw him outdoors, and resumed his sermon as though nothing had happened. Charles Atlions, of Decatur, I1L, was for the sixth time stricken with paralysis on Wednesday evening of last week, and was laid out for burial, and an undertaker summoned. On two o'clock Thursday morning he returned to life, and reported himself better than for a month past. The fifteen-year old son of D. J. Lee, of Blair, Kansas, dropped dead the other day. He was apparently healthy, and a jioxlniorlem failed to disclose the cause of death. It was thought, however, that it was caused by his excessive use of tobacco, he beiug in the habit of chewing enormous quantities, and swallowing the saliva. Jenny Lind advises young American girls who wish to go abroad to study music, to stay at home, where the music is just as good as in Europe, and where the husbands are much better. Mrs A. T. Stewart is described as a little old woman who wears a brown wig and showy diamond ear-rings. Her figure is 25,000,000 dol, and it is asserted that Mr Stewart's determination that none of his relatives should ever have any of the pro perty will be earned out by her. Lelia J. Robinson, Boston's woman lawyer, is said to have acquired a fair office practice, but is denied the right to argue cases at the bar. In order to let her voice be heard in public, she has delivered a lecture before a large audience. She maintained her cause in a manner that made the newspapers praise her. A New Orleans octoroon girl named Lydia Montrose is to be put forth conspicuously as a tragic actress. She is described as superlatively beautiful, with a deep musical voice. Up to this time she has been a teacher in a negro school. In his experiments with the strength of insects, Plateau, the French naturalist, hasi ascertained that in proportion to its size a June bug is as powerful as a locomotive. A German paper says that a roof can be made fireproof by covering it with a mixture of lime, salt, and wood ashes, adding a little lampblack to give a dark color. This not only guards against fire, it is claimed, but also in a measure prevents decay. J. N. Nixon, of Warsaw, III., cleared his orchard of canker-worms by spraying the trees oaee with a solution mills as follows, according to the Farmers Review, and applied with aforce pump:—He boiled 6 lbof arsenic in CO gallons of water to dissolve its £nd then reduced it to 1 lb in 150 gallons. The latest invention for transporting grain is by blowing it through tubes with compressed air. A K. Williams, of Minneapolis, is the iuventor, and is confident that wheat and corn will in a little while be liiown from Chicago to Boston. "Potato flour, or the dried pulp of potato is attaining considerable importance in the arts—so much so, in fact, that in Lancashire, England, some 20,000 tons of it are sold annually, and its market value is stated to be much greater thau that of wheat flour. Dr Araat says that sea bathing has proved of great benefit in many cas?s of disease of the eye. There is said to be a farm in Worcestershire, England, which stands in twelve parishes and pays fifty different rates. In 1871 the revenue of the Suez Canal amounted to 1,700,000 dols, in 1SS1 it had groifn to more than 10,000,000 dols. In the canton of Geneva there are 115 butchers' shops, 132 bakers' shops, 420 grocers' shops, and IGOQ-drinking shops. Not less than 30,000 persons are engaged in the sardine fishery in Fiance, and fully as many find occupation in preserving this fish. "How to become the owner of your farm " is the name of a pamphlet now circulating in Ireland. The agitators think that the easiest way is to shoot the landlord. Rumors are current in Rome that the Pope does now and then emerge quietly from his Vatican imprisonment to drive for an evening about the city in a closed carriage. The Kezanlik Valley, in Roumania, is entirely given up to the cultivation of roses, the essence of which is sold wholesale in Paris at 130 dol. to 200 dol. a pound, which is retailed at 500 dol. or more a pouud. Dr Jessup, of Syria, writes that the Sultan has granted permission to the Russian Jews to settle in Asia Minor, but prohibits them from entering Syria or Palestine, on the ground that they might attempt a Judaic Empire. It is said that Mr Gladstone has been several times to witness—Mrs Langtry's performance in "Ours" and "She Stoops to Conquer," and that not only was he delighted with both, but be lias personally called upon the artist to express the high stimate he has farmed of her histrionic alent. Wheat cultivation ia the most important gricultural industry in Trance, occupying s it does about one-fourth of the total cultiated land, and yielding a crop whose nnual value exceeds two milliards of francs, about one-third of the total agricultural roduction. The total yield has abont c w M H t h doubled since 1820. QOa a single day during the recent Jumbo excitement in London no fewer than S571 persons visited the Zoological Gardens to take a farewell look at the monster elephant. Last year, on the corresponding day, the number of visitors was only 674. Some persons sent buns for Jambo, which were promptly given to him. An iron buoy, filled with apparatus intended to convert the power of wave motion into electricity, which will, in turn, supply an electric light; has been anchored in the lower bay outside of New York harbor. About sixty-three years ago, a young woman, Mdlle. Pallix, brought a snit against the French Government for tiie ownership and possession of the sands off Mont St. Michel. An offer of 3,000,000 francs as a compromise was refused by her; and, in poverty, she continued the contest in tiie courts until three years ago, when she triumphed. She is now dead, aged, eighty-six, and has bequeathed to her faithful attorney 4,000,000 francs. Last year a well-known English railway had to buy several pieoes of land along its line, Mid the cost of the transfers furnished a of the need for reform in con- Is in England. For tiie land ilself a total mm of 0VBr635, for conveyancing duxgea, the company paid' an additional 74,500 doL A piece of land at Bradford eost j6,S00did.; the legal charges on It were 4960dol. - A piece at Tapton cost UUMOdol. the charges wereS05doL Blsewherasome lahd cost <>520, and the expenses WBT8 2840 doL; while tiiere was gne case where Aw chaise exceeded the ~ poc^MngtiO 