The Election. MR. PERRY FOR MR. BROWNE. ON Wednesday evening Mr. George Perry, of Sydney, addressed a large number of electors, in the interest of Mr. W. C. Browne. The chair was occupied by Mr. Alexander Munro. The speeches were made from the balcony, in the presence of 200 or 250 people. Mr. Munro, before introducing Mr. Perry, said they had known Mr. Browne as their representative for six years, and they knew that he had done his duty like a man. He was very sorry that one of the candidates had gone in for slandering and vilifying Mr. Browne's character. Mr. Browne never did so to his opponents. This candidate who wanted to be a Parliamentary Land Agent, makes a leading article of slander." He had even slandered the Bench of magistrates. (Cries of a name, name.) If they asked his name it was Mr. Hutchison. (Cheers and noise.) The man he now proposed to them is in an independent position—Mr. William Charles Browne. (A voice : He's not going in at all.") He was not present but he would be there. (A voice : "Where's his ghost ?") (Another : Let him come and we'll give him a hearing.) He was seeking for a position which would be an honor to himself and family,—he had a beautiful family of eight, whom they might now see in town. He was a native of Singleton, who was well known to them all. They ought to be proud of him ; he (Mr. Munro) was proud of him. He had opposed Mr. Browne the first time he stood, and voted for Alexander Bowman. (A voice : "What about Hoskins ?") Hoskins was in England, and they could send him a message, or take a jaunt there to see him. He (Mr. Munro) became a convert to Mr. Browne's side, and now he would support him every time he stood for a member ; even against his own relations he would support Mr. Browne. He had to introduce to them Mr. Perry, to speak on behalf of Mr. Browne, who might be there the next day, or on Friday morning. He hoped to have the pleasure of running him round the town at the head of the poll. (Cheers and noise.) Mr. Perry then came forward and amidst some noise, began to say : He trusted they would accord to a stronger fair play. He only asked for a fair and impartial hearing, (noise.) He was not a candidate himself, but came to speak to there on behalf of Mr. William Charles Browne, and to advocate his claims on their support, and he was sure that 8 out of every 10 electors would say that the man for Galway was their old and tried member, Mr. Browne. (Cheers and noise.) as a perfect stranger he had gone that day to address the electors at Belford, and a gentleman who occupied a store up the street from where they then were—(In- terruption. Several persons asking ques- tions, and talking at the speaker, saying "tell us about Browne" and so on.) If they would, have the good manners to keep their mouths closed they would hear all about him presently. They had a man before them who would stand till to-morrow morning, but what he would be heard. He was in the habit of addressing thousands, and he knew how to deal with crowds. He was saying he was at Belford, and while there Mr. Gould and Mr. Hutchison drove up. They asked him if he would speak first and he said no, they had a prior claim. Mr Gould then addressed the electors for three- quarters of an hour, and treated him as a gentleman. He could not say as much for Mr. Hutchison, who spoke of him as a fellow, a necessity in the habit of spouting from the stage of the Town Hall. He be- haved in a most disgraceful manner towards him, and not only that but he abused Mr. Browne, and in order to bolster up his case he tried to bring the names of the dead into ridicule. He said distinctly that Mr. Browne was a lunatic and a drunkard, but be (Mr. Perry) should take good care that he should have an opportunity of proving his slanders in the Supreme Court. (Cheers and noise.) If he had anything to say against Mr. Browne why not say it before his face and not behind his back. (A voice : "Are you a Good Templar ?") Yes, he was a Good Templar, and as a result as was there before them with a clear head. He did not need to be half-? in order to speak to the electors. (Noise.) Was there anyone there who could ? the finger of scorn at Mr. Browne ? Had they not that fine building the post-office, and the Court- house ? and the low-level bridge to show what he had done as their member ? while he represented them he treated every- one with respect, and it was unmanly and cowardly in the extreme to try and stab a man behind his back. (Cheers.) it was said Mr. Browne was a spiritualist. Every- one who drinks spirits is a spiritualist. (Laughter.) Mr. Hutchison wanted to bring Mr. Browne into ridicule by saying that he holds communications with his dead father. Mr. Campbell backed up the other in this, but said that he knew he had been a good man, and that the poor as well as the rich received fair play from him. These people brought their audience with them in buggies, but he went to Belford expecting to find an audience of ? and independent electors there. Of course they got anony- mous votes. ? he hold ? his audience in buggies with him like them ; he would go to the electors and tell them that the best man was their old and tried friend William Charles Browne, whom they had never found wanting. (Cheers and noise.) He laboured under a great disadvantage in having to speak for another man. If he were himself a candidate he would favour any decision ("Questions,") He really could ? the particular ? that Mr. Browne was ? on all the leading quantities of ? would vote for a comprehensive measure of land law ? would stop ? wrangling and dis- puting that now ? The Licensing Law wants amending ; there is more drinking now than before. (A voice : "How do your know ?") I know it better than you do. Mr. Perry then spoke of the abuses that had arisen under the Act ; the rumours that had eventuated about Mr. Browne's doings, and the reasons of this absence ; his own long adherence to politics, and the reasons why he did not seek to get into Parliament, not having enough money to fight an election against rich people, and having a large family, but no bill of sale over his property as some candidates had ; then he referred again to Mr. Hutchison's treatment ; his (Mr. Perry's) reference of Mr. Hutchison to Mr. Walker, the latter's partner, for a character, Mr. Hutchison's confidence in himself, and how highly he commended himself to the electors ; Mr. Perry observing that Mr. Hutchison would make a good Protestant Pope, he was so infallible. Being interrupted now and then, Mr. Perry denounced larrikins and larrikinism, and regretted that the bill which provided for their punishment had not become law, it would have a beneficial effect on these who so far forgot themselves as to keep shouting out and in- terrupting a stranger. Being asked "what about Browne ?" and "will he go to the Poll," he said Mr. Browne would be here and would go the poll ; he would guarantee; and he would not break his heart if the in- terrupter voted against him. Mr. Browne's candidature, he said, had captured the calculations of everybody in Singleton. A remark from below causing the speaker to refer again to Mr. Hutchison he said his conduct towards him was shameful, and something villainous, and he was glad to hear he was present, for he would say at to his face. Mr. Browne would not sit for two years without opening his mouth in the House ; he would work for their interests as he had done before ; not one of them could say he had made an application to Mr. Browne and been refused ; he was always ready to give his time and ability to advance the interests of his native town. Mr. Perry deprecated any bringing in of sectarian animosities into the election. He had seen one candidate with a blue ribbon in his coat, and another with green and white ; but Mr. Browne was going on the red, white and blue. They ought to select a man who would not ask them what council they belonged to ; a man who would seek for everybody Germans, Dutch, English, Scotch or Irish. Mr. Browne had been a faithful servant to them, and he asked them not to forget him for the sake of "Auld Lang Syne." It would ? to their credit to return him. They all knew him, and he would be with them on Friday morn- ing. ("Are you sure ?") I'm sure of dying, and so are you. (Interruption.) He was very much obliged to them for the patient hearing they had given him, and believed there were enough intelligent man in the electorate to return Mr. Browne. After some smart banter with two or three who had been making most of the noise and interruptions. Mr. Perry resumed his seat. In answer to a question he denied that Mr Browne had packed the Bench in the Dimond Case. A vote of confidence to Mr. Browne was accorded on the motion of Mr. S. Wilson seconded by Mr. M. Waddell. Three cheers for the Queen, and three for the candidate closed the proceedings. 