CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. OÍD CouRT-nousu-TUESDAY, Nov. 21. (Before His Honour Mr Justice Holroyd.) Mr Ohomley prosecuted on behalf of ti Crown. BIGAMY Hector George Gordon, otherwise called Henry George Simpson, was charged with bigamy. Mr Purves appeared for the defence The case for the Crown was that the pi soner was in 1848 married to a woman nami Janet Hogg, in Edinburgh, by the Rev M Bruce, a Presbyterian minister. The pi soner, it was said, then went by the name Henry George Simpson in the following year Simpson and his wife came to this country, ond they had lived afterwards pri apally at Daylesford till, on the 8th Decen ber, 1862, Simpson deserted his family. T) fact of his desertion was notified in Poll Gazelle, but nothing more was heard of him till October, 1881, when he was found at the Lying in Hospital where he was acting as porter, messenge &.C He was then summoned before the Hotham Police Court, an order was made thi he should pay Mrs Simpson 12s a week i go to gaol for 12 months He went to gaol, served his time, was lately release! anti immediately on his release was arrested for bigamy, it being alleged that in 1866 1 was married to a young woman named Rooney. The defence was that it was a case of mistaken identity, and that the Simpsc who was married in Edinburgh in 1848, an the Gordon who was married in Melbourne i 1866 were two different persons. J M Hogg said that he was a brother in la of the prisoner, whose name was George Henry Simpson .Was present at the mar riage of the prisoner with his sister at Edin burgh by the Rev Mr. Bruce. After the marriage the prisoner and his wife lived together in Edinburgh for some days an then went to London they afterwards came to this country. In 1852 the prisoner was living at Dunolly with his wife. He left hi wife in December 1862. When the prisoner was arrested by Detective Dowden, the latter said to the witness who was present, ' Is this the man? and the witness said, ' Yes, if yon wont take my word, ask him to show his thumb." The prisoner showed his thumb and the willies identified a scar upon it as similar to one o Simpson. Alex Robertson said that he was a solicito at Perth in Scotland, for 12 years prior t l859. The marriage ceremony that took place between Simpson and Janet Hogg con stituted a legal marriage. Henry Baxter, a blacksmith at Ascot vale said he had been here about 30 years. Came from Edinburgb. Knew the prisoner. Win present at his marriage with Janet Hogg. Could not give the date Hogg a younger sister, and the witness were present They went to live in Edinburgh for some days. Came to this colony with them in thi same vessel. After a few days they left, ant he had not seen the prisoner since till lately In cross- examination he said he could no1 identify a photograph of the prisoner which had been taken some 16 years ago. James Douglas, labourer, Dayleaford, sait he knew the prisoner since 1849. First on board ship. Met him at Daylesford in 1853 Was then living with his wife. Saw him foi about six years. Next saw him at the police court. In cross examination, he said he knew of no marks on the prisoners thumb Part of his thumb was gone to the first joint Could not say who the person was repre sented by the photograph. Mark Irwin, a miner, living near Daylei ford, said that he knew prisoner from l853 to 1861. About six years ago saw him one evening. The prisoner turned towards him and ran away. In cross- examination, h» said that the photograph was not that of the prisoner. Jane Douglas said that she recognised the prisoner as Simpson , he had introduced his wife to her. She did not recognise the photo graph produced to her. M D Woodburn, legal manager at Dayles ford, said he knew prisoner for two or three years from 1857. He had worked in three or four mines. He left in 1861 or 1862 Did not see him again until in court. Ann Allan, resident at Barry a Reef, for merly at Daylesford, said that she knew the prisoner at Daylesford in 1861 for 12 months before he left. Had not seen him since He was a little thinner now. Evidence was also given to prove that the prisoner was married in 1866 to Jane Rooney There were three children by that marriage Detective Dowden gave evidence as to the arrest of the prisoner, who said that he ex pected it, and it was as well to have it off one way or the other. Mr. Purves addressed the jury for the defence stating that he would call witnesses to prove that the prisoner came to this colony in the year 1854 by the ship Monteagle, BO that he could not have been the Simpson that was married in Edinburgh in 1848 and who came to this country in the following year. He would also show that he had come to Melbourne before Simpson was said to have deserted his wife. Richard Hall, at present a cook at the Criterion Hotel, Bourke street said that in 1857 he kept a restaurant in No 215 Eliza beth street. Prisoner came to lodge there about the end of 1862 lived there four or five months and went by the name of Gordon George Raynbred said that in 1862 he was lodging at Hall's place. Went there in August 1862. Remembered the month b? cause the Provident Instituto failed in the following month. He lost £300 by the failure Believed that prisoner was lodging there at the time of the failure. On the 21st January 1863, the funeral of Burke and Wills took place. Witness and prisoner went to the roof of the restaurant to see the funeral Believed that prisoner had been about four or five months at the restaurant at that time Robert Allan, a dealer, formerly a pawn broker said that he came to this colony in the year 1854 in the ship Monteagle .The ship left Liverpool in April, and arrived in Melbourne in July. Saw an advertisement for pas sengers by the Monteagle to communicate with a certain party. In consequence of that met the prisoner. The prisoner told him some incidents of the voyage. He mentioned that a lady had come on board shortly before the ship sailed and took a child from a lad) passenger, and took it on shore, and that the lady from whom the child was taken died in Hobson's Bay the day the ship cast anchor He also mentioned a ship called the Norwood sailing from the Mersey the same afternoon He also referred to a pig being thrown down the hatchway. What he had said about those incidents was correct. They had tied a tin can to the pig a tail, and set it adrift The captain took away their light at 7 o clock by way of punishment. They sat down and clapped their hands and made a noise for losing the light. The prisoner also asked if he recollected a bar of soap being dropped into the pea soup. That incident also occurred. He also referred to the captain and mate getting drunk one night at sea when it was rough. The prisoner mentioned that the mate had said that the ship might go below but that he was going to hell. Had heard the chief mate say this. The prisoner said, ' Do you recollect Captain Thomson, a saloon passenger, taking charge that night Captain Thomson did take charge. He also referred to a sailor falling off the yard before coming into port. The witness believed the prisoner was a man known as Gordon. He was sick most of the voyage. Cross-examined -If the prisoner was not Gordon he must be his ghost. Recognised him positively as the man. He was a steerage passenger on the starboard side. Saw him in Bourke street shortly after they landed, and did not see him again till a fortnight ago There were a Mr. and Mrs. Reed and family passengers. Heard a man say that the prisoner had a son in law at Daylesford named Reed. Re examined - Had no doubt of the man. Maria Barker said that she was a passenger by the Monteagle. There was a person of the name of Gordon on board. In conse quence of an advertisement saw the prisoner From incidents that he mentioned, and others which he brought to her recollec'ion and which she had forgotten, believed the prisoner to be Gordon. Elizabeth Cook, formerly Smith, a passen ger on board the Monteagle in 1854, and Ann Whatmough, another passenger, gave similar evidence. George Peel, at present employed at the Railway Carriage Works West Melbourne said that he was second steward on board the Monteagle, from Liverpool to Melbourne was seldom below. The prisoner was on board , he was sick nearly all the way and could not eat the ships food, and witness used to take him little things out of the second cabin. Saw the prisoner lately, when he mentioned this. He also mentioned about a woman jumping from the paddle box of the tug to the ship, and taking away a child from a lady passenger He also men tioned about a man falling off the mast the day before they landed. He asked if the witness recollected a sick person on board the ship to whom he (witness) used to give little odds and ends of food. He talked of the passengers, and referred to man named M'c Intyre, who was a great man for getting up agitations and keeping the people lively Had not the least doubt the prisoner was Gordon. Emily Harvey, matron at the Lying in Hospital, said that the prisoner had been employed there as porter and messenger The photopraph which the witnesses for the Crown could not identify, she had seen in his wife's album more than 12 years ago The prisoner also made a statement. He said,-In April, 1854, I took a passage from Glasgow to Liverpool, and from there I came in the Monteagle, which left in April, 1854, and arrived in Melbourne in July I re mained a few days in Melbourne, and pro ceeded at once to the goldfields. My first place was at Castlemaine , then I went to Bendigo, visited various gullies there, but did little good. Then I crossed the country to Inglewood, but hearing of large nuggets at Korong, I pushed for Korong, but met with no success from there I went to the Dunolly and Maryborough district, remained there a considerable time, and then I went to Blackwood and then went back to Dunolly Remained at Maryborough and Dunolly for u considerable time doing no good. I saw in The Argus a large number of advertisements for situations, and I thought I would do better in Melbourne I came to Melbourne in July, 1862 and put up at Hall a restaurant remained there till the beginning of 1863 getting work here and there, and earning scarcely enough to pay my board I got an engagement with Mr. Welstead, a grocer at Hotham, and drove his cart, but after a time I had to leave him as he took another shop in Fitzroy and did not require me anymore I then had a precarious livelihood for some months, till I got an engagement at the Lying in Hospital, and I have been there since till I was arrested in last October for wife desertion. My name is George Hector Gordon, and at no time did I go under any alias. This closed the case for the defence and Mr Purves addressed the jury for the defen dant. The further hearing of the case was postponed till next day, and the court adjourned, the prisoner being allowed to give bail for his appearance next day 