THE NEW PARLIAMENT BUILDINGS. ?ft IHX KDCTOa .- Sir— The pecuiur.nature oi u» aerate m the Legislative Council on the Hon. W. Morgan^ motion to repeal the previous Act :m-T TPnolntioii to erect the nevr Parliament Houses on the comer opposite the trresoam Hotel tempts me to oner a few remarks on some points which most be interesting to the unprejudiced and patriotic onlooker. The dearth of logic and the pettishness displayed by those speakers who too surely feel that the recent full ventilation of the . whole question, and the general expres sion - of public opinion, as instanced by an inflnffrcffaHy signed petition and numerous letters to the public pnnts, have cut the grounds of argument fromunder their feet, are matters of amusement ;; but the debate is highly important (apart from the interest of the subject itself), because the basis of the arguments' used by several non. members is such as to place those members in an improper and unconstitutional attitude towards then- constituents. The speeches of the Hon. Mr. Spence and the Hon. Commis sioner of Public Works afford a notable in stance of a tendency to iKnore or despise the -will of the people and a desire to impede the independence of the .Upper -House. The basis of their reasoning was simp];' the assumption that a question of great public interest, which nas been already settled by the Legislature, should not again be brought on for discussion, be cause it gives trouble to and creates un pleasantness among the members of either House* because it interferes with the smooth course of official rediapeism, and because (I quote from Mr. Spence) ' it would be Tinbe comingm the Council, after it had taken such a firm stand in the past, to reverse all its actions.' Oh ! Ghost of Toryism ! hart thou escaped from thy shroud to stalk abroad in these young and democratic colonies ? I hold, Sir, that where public opinion has been clearly expressed concerning any Important -raestior£by the return -of members professing that opinion, and where that opinion has been subsequently shaped into an Act or law, it would be both injudicious and culpable for individual members commanding only a certain minority to waste the time of the people's representatives by attempts at repeal, which must inevitably prove futile,* and tnis even though the opinion of that minority may have oecome- so modified or chanced as to lead them to the belief that a repeal would conduce to the public interest. 'When, however, public judgment on a question, whether through the onward and ever-upward march of the times, through the irresistible logic of some great iwriter or speaker, through the influence of the Fourth Estate, orfrom any cause soever.has undergone a palpable change, it is the bounden duty of such of tb« people's representatives as Hold the people's views to strive to give effect to those, views by the repeal of time-worn and obnoxious Acts, and the resciadznent of resolutions whose former appropriateness has 'gone out (like poor Barkis) with the tide.' I will go further, abd say that such repre sentatives -as still adhere to their former opinions are morally bound to import no bitterness into their opposition to repeal ; but, if they resist the innovation from con viction, to do so solely on the merits of the case, and not on any specious grounds of convenience to Parliament a3 a body or in ite dual capacity, to Ministers, or to individual members. These, Sir, I think to be some of the most evident obligations of the Senate to the people in a democracy such as ours, and it should need no controversy to establish the broad feet that the Parliament is the month piece and the servant of the people ; not at all the people of the Parliament The Hon. Mr. Spence expressed himself grieved at the reopening of the question, because of the acrimony which had characterized the dis cussions of the Council, and because Parlia ment had previouely passed resolutions to place the proposed buildings in a certain position. He objected to the bringing up again of matters on what he called 'peculiar grounds,' these grounds being, as far as I can see, the determined agita tion of a public which is unwilling to do discredit to its own sense of the fitness of things by placing ita heirloom to posterity ?where it would be a reproach to posterity. He said that members of the House were as well qualified to judge of the moat eligible site for the building as the petitioners— a questionable statement, but, even if correct in the abstract, too evidently springing from a desire to ignore the public in a matter where their wishes should be paramount. Mr. Spence's dictum that the motion for rescind ment of the previous resolution involved no principle was reiterated, but deference to public opinion and a majority of votes in the Council Chamber must be heldto be ample grounds for introducing the motion. The speech of the Hon. Commissioner of AftitaBKBJB^Mh^gMtaMic 'pica to the Council not to 'do anything calculated to bring about a bad f eelinjr between the two Houses ;' an argument that the corner site was not suitable for a railway station (how is that material?) ; he pointed out that only 600 people out of 60,000 had signed the petition, though the whole House mnsjt have been well aware that the petition was [never intended to be a representative one; he contended that for the sake of consistency those who had voted last year for the preposterous corner site should perpetuate their error by voting for it again ; and he finished up with a vague threat as to what the Lower House would do were Mr. Morgan's motion carried. That hon. gentleman completely demolished the Commissioner's arguments, and adminis tered to him a severe reproof for his unconstitutional threat of Lower House displeasure. Mr. Sandover still harped upon side issues, and almost wept because (as he said) hon. members were making themselves ridiculous by undoing something which they had done before ; and he elected to oppose the motion, partly because a small sum bad been already spent at the obnoxious comer, but chiefly because the success of the motion would create some bitter feeling and make hon. members uncomfortable. It is worthy of remark that the advo cates of rescindment, as a rule, spoke only on the real merits of the case, namely, the suitability or otherwise of the mte, refraining from argument^ on the side issues raised by their adversaries — such as the feelings of hon. members, the un becomingness of again raising the question, and the possibility of complication between the Houses. Their cause was sufficiently strong; as the event proved, to rest on the main issue alone ; and, indeed, with the ex ception of Mr. Dunn, who actually had the temerity to assert that a building at the corner could be seen from all parts of the city, and Mr. Spence, who affirmed the fitness of the site without adducing any arguments in support of that affirmation, the tenor of al the adverse speakers' remarks was an admission of the cnsuitability of the site, while opposing the motion on other grounds. The nature of this question is such, Sir, that, unless very strong pecuniary reasons can be shown, the Esthetic grounds so derided by Mr. Sandover are,1t seems to me, the only prooxcb on which argument should be founded. Let us waive consideration of the £3.000 already spent on the present site as being too small a matter to have weight in a question of great national interest. It seems then, clear that, since all the sites proposed ate on Government ground, the cost of building at any of these sites must be to all practical purposes the same. I except the site f -reposed in Victoria-square, for though the fdea is worthy of tne master raiad of the great war correspondent, still, the cost of four fronts and of the archway would probably render it far l-eytaid our means. In Mr. Forbes's letter he expressed -an opinion that the beautiful ekvatiGnjof the University would have had a far finer -effect had it ' closed the visU of Fulteneyistreet. Why ahoold not this site be aitoptediart&e; Parliament Buildings? lam not awarethat this suggestion has been made before, and it is offered for what it is worth. The advantages or otherwise of the site will present (themselves at once to your readers ?wit hart enumeration- nm Jn fine, Sir, I will only express a hope that the meeting convened for next week will re told an opinion so strong as to pat it bevoud the power -of ±he Legislature to commit them selves -to *n -action which will render tham in object of ridicule to their neighbours, and the present \generation a byword of reproach lo the oceans race. lam. Sir, &c;, L'HOMME QUI RIT. 