INTERCOLONIAL. [FROM OUR OWN COIUUÏBPONDIÎNTB.J NEAV SOUTH AVALES. SVUNKV. December 21. Lestrangc made nu attempt to ride across Middlo Harbour on a rope with a bicyclo on Saturday afternoon, in tho presenco of COO or 700 persons. After traversing somo CGft., the rope swayed so violently that Lestrangc fell oif into tho water, a distance of about 30ft. Ho was, however, quickly rescued. The ship Peterborough arrived on Saturday last with 435 immigrants. A man named William Drought was run over by a tram motor at Redfern on Saturday, and so seriously injured that his right log and left foot had to bo amputated. A fatal accidont occurred in tho harbour oif Middlo, Head yesterday. A sailing boat con- taining three young men carno into collision with the steamer Fairlight, and capsized.' Tho men wcro picked out of tho water, but ono of them, named Arthur AVard, sustained such severo lujuries on tho head and arms by tho collision that ho died shortly afterwards. [Tho ftbovo was ilotulncd hy Interruption to communication.! I SYDNEY, December 20. Christmas Day was obsorved hero as a closo ' holiday. Tho weather was gloomy and cold, but tho rain hold oif during tho- day. The sorvices at St. Andrew's Cathedral and the various Anglican churches wcro woll attended. Archbishop Vaughan celebrated mass at St. Mary's Cathedral, which was densely packed, and tho musical services wcro very fine. During tho afternoon tho Botanic Gardons, which aro looking well just now, wcro visited by sovcral thousand persons. In tho evening tho Musical Union sang tho " Messiah" in a, most efficient manner. A sacred concert was given at tho Opera Houso by tho Emilio Mol ville Opera Company; and a similar concert was also given at the Masonic Hall. The Abergeldie, ship, arrived to-day from London, and reports having spoken the barque Shenir, from Glasgow for Brisbane, with im- migrants, on the 26th October, in latitude 5' 20' N., and longitude 25' 38' W., thlrty-three days out. She also spoke the barque Rose- meath, from Glasgow for Shark Bay, on the 3rd November, In latitude 8' 6' S., and longi- tude 31' 3' W., forty-three days out. The danage caused by the headings of the Glebe colliery falling in is not so serious as it was at first thought, and work will be resumed there in a few days. Tho racohorso Proctor dropped down dead at AVallscnd to-day. Tho Hon. John Eales had only recontly purchased him for 1200 guineas. Tho weather was (Ino and cool for tho holi- days, and largo numbers of pleasurc-sockors turned out, tho railways'and tramways being Very largely patronised, as well as tho various excursions to tho Boy. Tho Randwick races, however, wero tho principal attraction, about 10,000 persons being present ou tho course. Arrived : Ranelagh, a.-, from Brisbane, on Sunday; and the" Chimborazo, Orient liner, from London, to-day. - VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, December 26"! ., The Caulfield Races, which were held to- day, wcro very successful and largely attended, . his Excellency the Governor being present. ' Tho following are'the names of the winners of the different events :- . ' SELLINCÍ RACI;.-- Five furlongs. The Ghost, 1 ; Kanaka, 2 ; Juuiiis, 3. HURDLE RACE.-One milo and throe- > quarters. Lady Hampden, lOst. 01b., 1; Dhurringile, list. 101b., 2; P.G., lOst. Slbi, 3. ,' CHRISTMAS HANDICAP.-One mile and a . quarter and a distance. Baron Von Mueller, 7st. 01b., and Colstoun, Gst. 111b., ran a dead boat for first placo ; Anglesey, Ost, 131b., bciiig third. i STEEPLECHASE.- About two and a half miles. Brian O'Lynn, 9st. 121b., 1; The Hawk, lOst. 31b., 2; Abdallah, list. 71b., 3. TWO-YE ui-OLD SELUNCI R IOE.-Four fur- longs. Amelia Victoria, 1 ; Frau Fran, 2 ; Plato, 3. MALVERN HANDICAP; six furlongs. Squireen, 7st. 61b., 1 ; Transferred, 7st. 101b., 2 ; Lohengrin, 7st. Sib., 3. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, December 26. The holiday to-day was very generally ob- served, the weather being delightful, and all tho seaside resorts were well patronised. The Largo Bay Rcgotta ottractcd between 7000 and 8000 persons. 