TOWN TALK. Rcuter telegraphs that everything is now in readiness on the part of the British in Egypt for fa general forward movement. Sir Garnet Wolseley and his divisional com" .madders are devising a plan of attack upon Arabi's camp at Tel-el-Kebir. The Anglo Turkish military convention has not yot been,signed. ;... . A deputation from the inhabitants of tho Moolap Riding; of the ' hire of Bcllarine, waited upon .the Minister of. Water Supply yesterday, to object to the riding being made liable for the amount : guaranteed by the Shire'Council to cover the cost of extending the water pipes to St. Albans,-and to re quest that the work might not bo proceeded with upon that understanding. Mr Young, in reply, said that the Council had inti mated its willingness to guarantee tho amount, and that he could not go behind that arrangement. At the same time he must say that the statements made by tho deputation wero very much at variance with the representations made to him previously ; and tho deputation might rest assured that, if the revonuo did not amount to tho sum gua ranteed, ho. would insist upon tho payment of tho difference.: Ho would communicate with them before further action was taken in the matter. The Select Committee (on vineyard com pensation) of' the Legislative Assembly sat again yesterday, Mr J. F. Levien being in the chair. Mr Wallis, late Secretary for Agri culture, was examined as to the basis upon which ho hadjinstructcd tho valuers to make .the awards. Mrs Tribolet, a vineyard pro. prietress, was also examined as to the basis upon which the compensation which had been awarded for tho destruction of her vineyard .was paid. Tho committee then adjourned until Wednesday next. Mr Recs has given notice in tho Assembly to'move that the report of the board ap pointed to enquire into the salo of the Cowie's Creek reserve be taken into consi deration; Mr. Connor, M.L.A., waited upon tho Commissioner of Public Works yesterday with reforence to tho proposed additional supply of water for Geelong. Mr Young informed the lion, member that tho officer who had been sent down to report on the matter had not yet returned. As soon as the officer, had submitted his report, he (Mr Young) would communicate with the hen. member. Mr Connor has given notice to ask the hon. the ■ Minister of . Public Instruction if lie will consider tho desirability of provid ing certificated drill instructors for the princi pal State schools in the colony, so that boy scholars may be taught a thorough system of military drill. I Comparatively small progress was mado at Colcraino last week in coal prospecting ope' rations with tho diamond drill. Owing to the. necessity that arose for repairing tho standpipe, the depth bored was only 41ft _4iu, - making a total of 236ft, There lias boen no further change in the character of the strata penetrated by tho machine. The remains of the chief officer of the ship Ben Voirlich (Mr T. H. Robertson) were in terred in the Church of England portion of the Eastern Cemetery yesterday afternoon. The cortege, which.left the Yarra-street pier about three o'clock, consisted of the hearse containing the coffin, followed by the offioers, apprentices, and seamen of the Ben Voirlich, Loch Garry, and Romanoff, and several friends of the deceased, the whole numbering about fifty; and seven ve hicles. Two of the seamen of the cortege bore Union Jack flags, and during the day the several vessels were flying the Union Jack at half-mast, and the Loch Garry had her yard arms crossed, as marks of respect for the deceased. Mr Robertson was a favorite with the men under him, and was well liked by all who knew him. At tho meetiug of the committee of the ] Geelong Hospital, held yesterday afternoon, when the question of appointing a collector camo on for consideration, it was.'found that under tho oxistiug byelaws the committee had no power to appoint a collector at a fixed salary. It was agreed, after a lengthy dis cussion, to postpone the appointment until the byelaws were altered. There were.thirteen applications sent in for the position, and it was agreed not to receivo any more, and to inform tho applicants that the appointment had been deferred. Up to the present timo no person has identified tho photograph of the woman whoso body was found on tho Eastern Beach about a week since. Tho police desire it to be known that tho photographs may be in spected at tho various police stations. Small supplies of wool are beginning to arrive daily by bullock wagons. The ships lying at the Yarra-street wharf have taken in a few bales, and it is expected that in a few weeks' time active operations for the present wool season will be commenced. On some of the stations to the westward shear ing work has been slightly delayed. ^ Although a diligent search has been made in the Moorabool river, near the township of ' Maude, for the body of Mrs Grady, who is behoved to have been accidentally drowned m that stream, it has been without success Tho police report having thoroughly dragged the rivoi in various localities, but tho body may have becomo fastened under a snag. Writing under yesterday's date, with regard to tho comet, Mr W. J. Thomas, ono of our local amateur astronomers, says ; - " Those who can muster the courage to rise early will not only enjoy the clear fresh bracing morning air, but have an opportu nity of seeing tho splendid comet now visiting our system. This morning, about 5 o clock, notwithstanding the streaky strata of clouds above tho eastern horizon, in the intervals I obtained somoexcellent views of tho illustrious stranger. The nucleus is very bright, but not to be compared m brilliancy to the planet Jupiter, which is at the same time visible, and may bo compared with it. In shape, the tail resembles tho last comet wo saw in the south-west evening sky but much larger. In color, it differs from any which has appeared for many years ; tho last comet had a tinge of blue ; tho present is decidedly yellowish. When observed this morning, its position was about east north east, about ten degtees above the horizon." Lately tho applications of several old per sons for admission to tho Benevolent Ward at the hospital had to bo refused, owing to the want of accommodation. All tho appli cants wero in need of assistance, but there was no alternative but to refuso them ad mission. At tho meeting of tho committee of the hospital yesterday, Mr Dwyer drew attention to this fact, and it was agreed to procure additional beds, the number being left to the discretion of the flouso Commit tee. A suggestion by Mr Davey, that the Government; be asked for a grant of £2000 to bo devoted to building anotbor Bonevolont Ward, was received with favor by the mem bers, and its further consideration was de ferred until next meeting. A meeting of the Australian Natives' De mocratic Association was hold last night m the Temperance Hall, Little Malop-street. In tho absence of the President, Mr J. Freivin occupied the chair. There was ' largo attendance of members, and, ettet transacting a deal of routine business, and electing nine new members, those present resolved themselves into Parliament, and discussed tho Amended Education Act as brought in by the Ministry of tho Associa tion. After many members had spoken, both for and against tho bill, the dobate was adjournod for a fortnight. It may be of interest to the sporting pub lic to learn that the first and second moneys in the late "go-as-you-please " con test were received by cheque from Melbourne yesterday by Messrs Clifford and Raynor The special prize of £50 was awarded to tho firsfc uatned, for having covered the greatest distance in tho tournament, so that his cheque reached tho respectable fignre of £100. Mr Raynor received a cheque for £25, and a subscription has been started for him, in admiration of his plucky and per. sistent efforts to secure the premier position in tho contest. The list is. now open for intending subscribers at the Olivo Branch Hotel. Whilst out riding yesterday, a young man named Stephen Nell, aged 25 years, residing at tho You Yangs, was thrown from his horse, and received an injury to his side. He attended at the hospital, and was treated for tho injury. The weather yesterday was cold and changeable, with occasional glimpses of sun shine. Kain fell at intervals during the day and evening, and about one o'clock this morning heavy showers commenced descend ing, continuing for some time. The supply of cattle from the western dis trict by train has dimislied lately. On Tuesday evcuing the ordiuary train from Colac brought six trucks of first class stock and the morning train yesterday, from the same place, brought four trucks of cattle. The demand for bricks at Queenscliff con tinues. A special train, consisting of eleven trucks, couveyed a largo supply on Tuesday afternoon. . There was no business to transact at the Polico Court yesterday. Tho Mayor was in attendance. The Mechanics' Institute Literary Class hold their usual weekly meeting on Tues day evening. There was a fair attendance of members, nnd tho evening was devoted to exercises of au elocutionary character. Better preparation and study of the pieces wero noticeable on tho part of the reciters, aud their efforts wore favorably criticised. The annual concert in aid of tho funds of tho St. Vincent do Paul's Society will be given this evening in the Mechanics' Insti tute by the members of the Catholic Young Men's Literary Association, assisted by lady and gentleman amateurs. A capital pro gramme has been prepared, and the practical excellence of the charity to bo assisted will doubtless draw together a crowded house. Tho members of tho St. Patrick's and St. Mary's Societies are requested to meet at half-past seven o'clock this evening at St. Mary's schoolroom, in order to form a pro cession, nndjmarch from thence to the Insti tute. A general meeting of tho Wyndbam Cricket Club was held on Saturday last, when Mr Hobbs was re-elected hon. trea surer, and Mr Hy. , Williams hon. secretary,. of the club, for tho ensuing season. Ef forts are being made by. the Wyndham wieldors of tho willow, and trundlers of tho leather to bring a good team of cricketers into practice, so that the season's record of matches may reflect credit oh the club. Several new members have been - elected, and they give' promise of showing prowess at the wicketB, as well as activity in the field. Tho football matches for next Saturday aro_ (writes the Herald) exciting, a good deal of interest, the principal match, Carlton v. Geelong, at Geelong, especially so. Goelong are the favorites at 6 to 4. Hotbam meet Melbourne -on tho .Melbourne; football grouud. . Themis no favoriteforthis;match. Efforts are being made to have the match between Melbourne and South Melbonrne, which comes off on tho 23rd inst., played on thei Melbourne ground, instead of on tha Oval, Albert Park, as arranged. We learn that no other match will bo played this season - between the Essendon and Geelong clubs. The men of the Pivot will play the Qotbam on 23rd September as arranged. The Heraldof last night has the follow ing .—The livo stock market to-day was' phenomenal, all round. Transactions in beef have reached quite a' climax, and, if things do not quickly alter, householders will have to do without beef altogether for a while. To-day a considerable rise on the late high rates waB realised, and bnllooks were disposed of at abont £2 per owt. The supply was the shortest, and tho rates the highest, within the recolleotion of dealers. A man named Roderick was killed while working at a crane in Kent-street, Sydney on Tuesday. ' A master baker, named Frederick Scarlh committed suicide by hanging at Newcastle on Monday. Fiery Morton's neck, for the present at all events, is (remarks theBallarat Star) ont of danger. Constable Smith, tho victim of Fiery's brutal outrage, resumed duty in Ballarat East on Tuesday. " The policeman narrowly escaped losing his life. Dr. Jermyn at one time considered Smith's condition to be very critical. A report from Mr J. Stirling, Crown lands officer at .Omeo, with respect to the existence of a marble qnarry at Forest-hill, in the Upper Murray district, is in possession of the Public Works department, Melbonrne. The document setB out that the marble is present in large deposits,' and is of splendid quality. It is particularly bright on the: face, and is capable of any,amount of polish ing. For the purpose of ornamentation of buildings, Mr Stirling states, the marble is specially adapted. _ Customs officers in Melbourne have recent ly been ougnged in investigating the alleged evasion pf duty in- the importation of watches.; • It is found that some firms syste matically impart their watches in portions, the caseB coming in one vessel and the works ; in othersBy this means they evade the full ad valorem duty of 20 per cent., and only, pay 2s an ounce on the cases. In one instance the cases and the works each . bear the trade mark of the firm, and Mr Graves has decided to insist npon the payment of the full duty upon theBC watches. A trial of Treloar's tree and stump excava tors was held on Tuesday at Commissioner's flat,near Inglewood,under the auspices of the North Western'AgriculturalBociety, Both hand and horse power machines were tried. Preference was generally given to the former as being the most snitable, and well eqnal to ordinary requirements. Several fair-Bized , trees were felled in a short spaco of time with the horse-power machines. A tree almost 3ft. in diameter was thrown down in half an hour. Fully 200 persons witnessed . the trial. ' The police are! still prosecnting their en quiries into the causes of the death of Francis Heenan, who died suddenly in very great pain on the railway works between Wickliffe-road and Glen Thompson, on 19th February, 1879- It is believed the unfortunate man was poisoned with arsenio. Suspicion is directed against R. F. Burns, now under committal on the charge of the murder of Michael Quinlivan. The body of Heenan... has been buried about three years and a half, but it will be exhumed in order to ascertain whether any traces can be dis covered. The loss of a large sum of money under singular circumstances was reported to the Melbourne police on Tuesday night. Mr M'Gregor, butcher, 32,Elgin-street, Carlton, states that about 3 p.m. on Tuesday he sent his eon, a young, man, with money and cheques amounting to £80 16s Id, to deposit in tho Commercial Bank, in Elvin-ntrent. When the young man had got within a few yards of the bank he was met by a man, who asked him if he was Mr M'Gregor'a son. He said "Yes." (The man then said, "Oh, you had better give me the money and book, as Mr Ocock, the manager, is very ill and nn able to take it from yon now, and he has told me to call at your father's shop for the money." The young man gave up the money and book, and went home and told his father. On enquiries being made at the bank, it was, of course, found that no money had been paid in, and that the bank officials know nothing about it. The matter is in the hands of the detectives. The following are some of the announce ments on a placard issued by the' Salvation Army in Leeds. The Christian World says: —" We have ho hesitation in saying that a more atrocious document has never ap peared. After the usual proclamation of 'War! war 11'etc., and an invitation to everybody to 'join in the fight against Old Nick,' the plan of attack is thus described : —'Monday, 5th June, at a quarter to eight, salvation charge. Tuesday, great exhibition of hallelujah lasses. Wednesday, fire and brimstone. Thursday, roll-call J soldiers to deliver up their cartridges. Fri day, at half-past seven, baptism of fire. Saturday, at a quarter to • eight, rejoicing over victories won all over the shop meetings. Sunday, 11th June, at seven a.m.. knee-drill ; ammunition supplied to soldiers by quarter-master-goneral; eleven a.m., descent of the Holy Ghost; half-past two p.m., tremendouB free and easy ; half past six p.m., great charge on the devil jnine p.m., hallelujah galop.' Did this . placard stand alone, we might think it the work of somo rash and ignorant ' captain;' but, un fortunately, it is only a specimen of the stylo in which the Army, is now carrying on the war, and for which General Booth mnBt bo held directly responsible. No one who has any reverence for divine things eanread this placard without being filled with a sense of shame, horror/and disgust." ! The1 Jennie Lee Dramatic Company will appear at the Exhibition Hall theatre on Saturday and Monday eveningB, in Mr J. P. Burnett's adaptation of Charles Dickens' " Bleak House," known as " Jo." A meeting of the Criterion Football Club will be held this; evening at the Sir Charles Darling Hotel. Nominations for a vacancy in the Board of Advice for Newtown and Chilwell school . district will be received at the Town Hall, ■' Newtown; until 4 p.m. on the 18th inst. In the event of a contest, an election will bo held on the 28th inst. 