HYDRAULIC POWER AT HOME Persons with «n engineering turn of mind have often made it their hobby to Tender their houses mechtiniosl curiosities.. Mr Edgewurth appears to have been giveu to this tnode of exercising his ingenuity. His house, says Sir Henry Holland, was full of contrivances for making the ordinary acta of life subserve other and unforeseen uses. The mere opening and shutting certain doors, for instance, set in motion machinery for winding up clocks or raising weights in other parte of the house. Winstanley, the unfortunate builder of a wooden lighthouse on the Eddystone, was another eccentric genin& who delighted in such mechanioal contrivances, which in his hands often took the form of practical jokes. A visitor to his house should put his foot into a slipper in his bedroom oonjored up a ghost on the hearthrug before him. He would throw himself into ah easy chair and immediately find himself firmly clasped in the arms of it, aud if he sauntered into an arbur in the garden he would presently be astonished to find himself afloat on a canal. When electricians, aud sanitarians and engineers of one sort and another have worked their will with us for another generation ot two, most of nur houses will probably be as full of mechanical contrivances. The latest projeot for London is one by which hydraulic power is to be placed at the disposal of anybody who cares to have one more pipe carried into his premises, and does not object to th« periodical visits of one more rate collector. Few people know much about this hydraulio force, or what it caa be made to do. Very few are aware how multifarious are tha functions it already performs. Just now and again it is brought into performance amongst the foroea at the disposal of engineers, and people almost Btand «gast at its tremendous capabilities. There are those who will remember the sensatiob oocasiJned by the «xhibitioa of its power at the Meoai tubular bridge, where two tubus, eaoh weighing nearly 2060 tons, had to be hoisted 100 feet into the air. A later display of it was the laaaching of tbe Great Eastern. Brunei, it may be remembered, found it necessary to shove the monster he had created sideways down into the water. The total weight of the vessel was, we suppose, same 10,000 or 12,000 tons, and sum* very fain i idea of the puwer that was brought lobars Ujion it may possibly be conveyed by the statement that one of the hydrrulic rams burst aoder the pressure of 12,0001b tu the square inch. This mention of a ship in this connection recalls to mind a carious application of this force, and on no trival scale, on board the ill- fated Bessemer steamship. The vessel, as everyboly knows, was intended to do away with sea-Bickness, and in the middle of it bad a swimiug saloon, some 70ft long, the least movement of which could b» counteracted by a slight motion of the band operating ou an hydraulic ram another unfortunate scheme presented a very striking display of this tremendous foroe. Tae steam ferry aoross the Thames, near the Thames tunnel, had to be brought at all states of the tide on a level with a platform on either side of the river, or rather the platforms had to be br >oght on a level with tbe ferry, and it was very curicus to see what had the appearanoe of a section of a roadway, and perhaps three or four heavily-laden carts or vaus with their men and horses, all lifted or dropped by a alight movement of a single haud upon s lever. The unobtrusiveness of the force is very impressive. There is nine of the fuss and fame of steam power, and the actual hydraulic machinery lies in s wonderfully small compata. All the pre» inises of the various Doclc companies in the port of London are permeated by this force, yet there is little to aee and no ouise. Jumbo may be hoisted on board a vessel, or a dock may be opened or shut, or hogsheads of sugar may be lifted out of the hold of a vessel as though they were so many nutmegs, but there are no engines to be seen, and the men who manipulate the power rarely know. anything atout it. The cranes in the West India Docks will, we believe, lift 30 tons with ease, and at Woolwich the same silent power must, we suppose, be capable of "doing twice or tbrice as much. This same giant is as oapable of small achievements as of great ones. In the West Indian Docks, for instance, it has within the past year or two been set to perform what looks to be lather an ignominious task by comparison with the most of its doings. All ooffee coming into the dook here is turned out of the receptacle it oomes in, in order to be eor'ed according to tbe size and oolor of the berry. When it oomes to be returned to casks in which it has arrived, there is always a difficulty in getting it in, and labnrera used id be employed to thump the eides of the barrels with mallets. This thumping is now done by hydraulic power. The barrel is«pluced in the middle of a machine, and a little handle is turned. This aternately put* on and cuts off the water power, and a unmber of iron beaters first sprung out from the sides <'f the receptacle and then fall heavily back again, shaking tbe coffee beans into their placet in abont one minute, a task whioh it formerly took six men five mwntes to perform. Another very cuiins and pretty function is here required of this useful ogent, and it w one which must, we fancy, do a good deal to reconcile Londoners to the idea of tolerating aouttur system of pipes for the disturbance of thoetreets. In the docks tbe water-mains are ond«* constant pr«asore ; but here, as elsewhere, it is foand that as a means of a apnling with a fire tha prgssnre is altogsther inadequate. The first o»tb»rat of the water is powerful enough ; but the fact of its outbursting instantly relieves the pressure, and the column of water falls, and is no longer available for any considerable height The dock companies, however, are able most effectually to remedy this by carrying into ih«ir standpippB a jet from their hydraulic mains. Reinforced by this powerful auxiliary, the column of water which spirted upfeebly and mostly in *beforin of . -iray, rises instaptly in a dense and t0 B hei effective g ? t- J ^ Szafce** Vowy these bydrauhc S Ar-ngh ihe a^et. for tbe wn- ..nimwof anyone who ehooseg to pay J e n f£*r amust confessed, a etrpng p preplred i ^Tn to do rhpv for nnre t^® that W * they f o will ^ be jus^what thedock « pipes °nnder C tt^roadway" alongside the water mains, »nd it wiU but requirB t^t " connection shall be provided between tbetwosystems»tsach ^ P ^ ^ S j der their prewure of aome 7«rlb. or lb to tbe square inch mailable for fire extinction purposes. ThiaWonUToodnubtedly render the «t»t>dplpe .ystem efficient, whereas »t present tf » generally found to be a failure. Mr. H. Byron Moore has found it neces. tuy tate&n; to Clifton Bprinjp %9T » tew Slaye. p order to reoovsr from *' Agreat &nu-bang; crusade." in Canada is suuuuuctsu i.y the American papers. "Bang," we (Pall Mall Budget) believe, is the horrid and «xpre.-sive American word for the fnazty front that ladiea wear. Is appears tbattne Koman Catholic clergy of Canada hiva seen lately alarmed at the progressive frirolity aud extraordinary dross of their flock, and, having, commuuicatea with itouie, have c >mmenoed energetic repressive measures, *' Wearers oi dainty costumes, it eeems, are to be deolarek sinners," and "extravagance in dresa au.d tresses is to be ruthlessly put down." Already Bistiop liafleche, at Thr«>e Rivers, has launched his thunderbolt at che heads of his fair sinners, and Bishop t'abre, of Montreal, is about to do the eame, the former, buwuver, going so far as to deufruuee ail light music. The etample has spread to other congregations. A wcll-kuowu elder of tbe church at Montreal has expressed himself in the following words of wisdom :—" There is such extravagance in dress nowadays that we cannot tell the difhrence between mistress aud maid." The prospects of tbe crusade at preseut are said to be excellent. The " bauga " are disappearing and the " pullbacks " are being luuaeoed. Altec the success of the experiment made on the corpus vile of Canada, whu knows how soon toe crusade may extend to our shores i Xiie new Protestant-hall in Stephenstreet was formally opened on Thursday night by Mr J. B. Patterson, M.Ł. A., the occasion takiug the form of a public meeting aud entertainment. The Iłu v. Dr. Gilohrist presided, aud he was aocompauied on the platiorm by the Very He v. the Dean of Melbourne, a large number oi ministers, Messrs W. M. Ciark aud Bicbardsuu and Major Smith, M.L.A'a., aud other gentlemen. In the course ot tiia remarks when opening the hall, Mr Patterson contrasted the effects of Protest&nism; and Roman Catholicism as exemplified in the various oouutries where they respectively held sway, and asserted that the former religion meant national growth, and the latter national decay. Other speakers dwelt upon the necessity for combatting the inroads of the Church ot Rutne, and as one of the means to be adopted with this object, it was urged that the Bible must be introduced into tbe Stare schools —Argus. Writing of Freuoh h< mes of correction, the Cornhill states that *' pr.touer* are allon^d ta sinoka in Parisian gaols, aud a very sensible provision this is, for it prevents the illicit traffic w tobacco which brings so many prisoners aud wardens to trouble in tiugiieb prisons, and also suppies a ready means of punishing a refaotury prisoner. Frenchmen decline to admit that order cauuot be kept in a gaol without curporai puuishment. As a ruie French prisoners beuave exceedingly well, because tbey know that they can greatly alleviate the hardships of their positiun by so doing. For the first ofieace, a man's tobacoo and wine will ba cut off for a week; for the second he may be forbidden to purchase anything at the oauteenfura mouth; if he perseveres in his foily he will be prohibited from working, that is, from earning money, and will be looked yp in a cell to endure the misery of utter solitude and idleness. If tnis severe measure fails aud the man becomes obstreperous, he will be straitw&iitoouted; and put into a dark padded sell, where he may scream and kick at the wails to his heart's couteut. To these rational methods of coercion the most stubborn natures. generally yield. It must be confessed, however, that there are certain desparate characters who delight iu giviug trouble, aud who, untamed by repeated punishment:, will often commit murderous assaults upon warders, chaplain, or governor out ot sheer bravado. It would really be a mercy to flog these men, for a timely infliction cf the liuh would iiighteen ihem liito ęood behaviour, and often save ihem from the woise fate of lifelong reclusiou. There a< e no cranks or tread wheels in Freuoh prisons. These barbarous methods for wasting the euergies of men in unprofitable labor are condemned by the good sense of a people who hold that it is for the public interest ss well as for the good of the prisoners themselves, that men in confinement should be so employed as to make them understand the blessedness of honest labor. In their treatment of untried prisoners, too, the French are much more humane than we. What can be more ocuel and foolish than to force an untried man, who may be iunocent, to spend several months in com- >lete idleness, as is done in .England ? A . frenchman who has a trade that can be followed in prison may work at it in his cell, pending his trial, as if he were at home. Journeymen tailors, shoemakers, watchmakers, gilders, Garrets, painters on porcelain and enamel, etc., continue working for their employers (unless, of course, they are desperate men whom it would be dangerous to trust with tools), and it is a touching sight enongh ou visiting days to see the prisoners send ont little parcels of money for their wives from whom they are separated by gratings. The same sight c&n; ba 'witnessed in tbe prisons of o'lnvioted offenders. Many prisoners will deny themselves every luxury procurable at the oanteea in order to give the whole of their earnings to their wives." 