A VENETIAN GHOST STORY. 'Of- tho Valle det Sette Morti there is a story current among the gondoliers and fishermen. There were six men fishing once in this " Valle " of the Seven Dead. They had with them a little boy, the son of one of their band. Tho boy did not go fishing with his father, but stayed behind to take caro of tho hut, and to cook the meals for tho men when they returned. He spent the nights alone in the cabin, for most of the fishing was done between sunset and sunrise. Ono day, as the dawn was beginning across the water, the mon stopjjed their fishing, and began to row home with their load as usual. As they rowed along they mot the body of a drowned man going out to sea with tho tide. Tliey picked tho body up and laid it on the prow, tho head resting upon the arm, and rowed on slowly to tho hut. The little boy was watching for thom, and went down to the edge of tho canal to meet them. He saw the body of the seventh man lying on the prow, but thought that ho was asleep. So, when the boat came near, he cried to his father, " Breakfast is ready ; como along !" and with that he turned and went back to the hut. The mon followed the boy, and left the dead man lying on the prow. When they had sat down the boy looked round and said, " Where is the other man ? Why don't you bring him into breakfast, too ?" " Oh ! isn't ho here ?" cried one ; and then added, with a laugh, " You had better go and call him ; he must bo asleep.'" Tho boy wont down to tho canal and shouted, "Why don't you como to breakfast? lt is all ready for you." But tho man on tho prow never moved nor answered a word. So tho boy returned to the hut, and said, " What is tho mattorwiththeman,hewon'tnnswer." "Oh," said they, " ho is a deaf old fool. You must shout loud and swear at him." Tho boy wont back again and cried, " Come along, you fool, tho others are waiting for you." But the man on the prow never moved nor answered a word. ' Then tho boy ran back to the hut and said, " Come one of you, for I can't wake him up." But they laughed and answered, "Go ont again and shake him by the log; tell him we can't wait till doomsday for him." Tho boy went down to the water once more. He got into tho boat and shook the man by the leg. Then tho man turned and sat on tho prow, and said to the boy, " What do you want ?" " Why on earth don't you como ? Are they all to wait till doomsday for you ?" " Go back and tell them that I am coming." So tho boy went back to the hut and found the men laughing and joking. " Well ! what did he say ?" they cried. " It is all right," answered the boy, " ho says he is coming/' The men turned palo and looked at ono another, and sat very still and laughed no moro. Then outside they heard foot steps coming slowly up the path. The door was pushed open, and the dead man came in and sat down in tho boy's place, tho seventh at the table. But each sat with his eyes fixed upon tho sevonth, their guest, they could not move or speak. Their gaze wa3 fastened on the dead man's face. Their blood flowed chiller and chiller in their veins till, ns tho sun rose and flashed along tho lagoon, there were seven dead men sitting round tho table in the room.-"Pall Mall Gazette." 