HOMJS NKWS FUOM .4 FHEi\'CH I'OINT OF VIEW. (FIIOM OUIt OWN" CORKESPOSDEXT.) Paris, 23ril September. What is the best way to bowl .Tolm Hull out o£ Egypt, or compel him to surrender, or go halves in his successes. That is apparently the question which is now taking hold of the French mind. Abusing England has been found not to pay,-even when the vituperation is headed by .M. De Lesseps, who is responsible for the deoply altered relations between his country England, and who has the questionable merit of having thrown in his lot with " Arabi and the Nationalists," and what is worse, it was his fussy influence and inordinate vanity that decided the Cabinet to desert the English at Alexandria. So much the better, as results prove,> for England, and so much the worse, as people here know to their cost, for franco. It is hardly a week ago since the journals were eulogising Arabi as a Toteiben, a Washington, and similar unconscious e.-inVi. tures. His earthworks vera a succession of Plevnas that would use np all the expeditions England could send. Months, aye years would be necessary to reduce the " patriots," and ultimately appeal would have to be made to France for generals possessing genius and soldiers accustomed to success. These predictions having been so extraordinarily be lied, the journals in question audaciously turn round and demand that since Egypt was con quered without an eftort, almost without a blow, matters have undergone no veritable change, aud Sir Garnet ought to decamp. I allude to this kind of writing as simply indicative of how the 1'renoh smart from the effects of England's victory. In the parallels adduced from modern and contemporary history and held up for the imita tatiou of England, the French journals—and the remarkable fact deserves to be noted aud remem bered—of all shades studiously avoid allusion to Tunis. Yet the occupation of Tunis deprives France of the right to- moralise for nations—it will be her Banquo ghost for many a long year. Then it is difficult to know what claims France has now upon Egypt, more than Austria, Italy, Turkey qven. The "double control" arrange ment must not be renewed. It is not a dignified position for French and Englishmen to bo officially spying one another. Further, having declined to defend that arrangement, when invited by her partner by arms, she retired, and her right is lapsed. Another*sentimental grief i9 the canal. Here England must also-be decided, as four-fifths of the shipping passing through are British. She is not likely to imperil the canal, for it is a bad bird that fouls its own iieafc. In order to finish with the threats of M. de Lesseps and his international bone of contention, it is commonly rumored here that England has the concession for the making of a second canil, and the estab lishing of a new commercial port on the Jledi^ terranean, that will supersede Alexandria, and eclipse, if it will not absorb, Pot t Said. The moment English capitalists announce the pro ject q? tl\a i}ew canal, the Egyptian question will be settled, In the sense that England will be left to morally settle down, "provisionally," which means in undiplomatic language, perma nently. By her presence in Egypt, England renders important services; first, to herself; next to Algeria and Tunisia, by reminding fanatical Mussulmans the rod is always in pickle for thetfj) and last but not least to civilisa.t-jofl. In pro portion that England, risen in the east, French itifluonce has'fallen. England will never gain anything from " intimacy" with France— she has had lately sufficient proof of this. can be independent: France cannot be so. Yet the French proclaim their alliance is a matter of something likp life and death for England. Whan this popular error is extirpated, also from the French, the latter will the sooner be able to comprehend her isolation, and what she has lost by her de Lesseps' and maniacal pub licists. By the arrest of Niddom l'acha, the "foreign" correspondence of Arabi is now com pletely in the bands of the English; a few missing links wore wanted, and which have been supplied by the fall of Damictta. Inclu sive of the Sultan himself, the French {.tut Italian Governments have bopfl furnished with proof, s? strong as holy writ, of the'intrigues in which " some o! their prominent officials were mixed to dethrone Tewfix and checkmate the only power that remained true to him, as he Was true oil his aide. The now law on obligatory education is dis playing a little friction in \yoyking, but there is nothing of a nature to compromise the measure. Besides, politics enter largely into the question. In any case the nation docs not display any enthusiasm about the reform, No progress h^s been mado in the work of conciliating'the sorioua dissensions among the Republicans, who lead a cat and (log life. Jl. Duclere has only been laughed at fo'i expressing the opinion that a house divided against itself must fall; the Radicals have served him with a notice to quit, and there is every likelihood he too will be down anione the dead" men. before say, the Cm' is crowned, "according to the new fashion of closed doors. Eyes commence to lie again tinned towurds Gamlietta; his Egyptian policy—action and coalition with England, is now seen to have been correct, and the demand is increasing for his sciutin de Us e plan of voting, and for which he was ejected from office. In presence of such instability, Franco cannot count upon the alliance of any power. The nxei v sits have put in tlipir twenty-eight days: the poor fellow.^ \yerc playing at Prussians and French throughout an almost continued downpour, where roads wero not mmldyl the fields were next to bogs; the four weeks roughing has melted away the solid flesh of many a fat and greasy citizen. The generals in their orders of the day, admit they are con tent with the men, but we know French Generals must ever employ a very large dose of Mattery. There . was nothing . actually new the manceuvres; they are so n\o.d<jikd after the tactics of the German, ihat a Prussian might fall in. an(| felt himself at home. There is much merjuallty in the constitution of the officers' corps, the. members not displaying any approach io uni formity of intelligence; tho iwny, like every other nation's, suffers from the want of non commissioned officers. There is not tho slightest detire to make the army aprofession; men under the flag count the hours till their service be expired. Politics also. havs svray ia the corps of officers, which constitute two camps— : ni,onarohists nn<,i republicans. Much of the disorganisation of the army ia due to the fre quent changes—about once a year, of the ministers of war, caused by Cabinet ups and downs. One Minister has hardly the time to even undo all tho work of his predecessor. The cavalry is not viewed as being up to the mark; the explanation offered is that it is only being trained to new tactics. More latitude is beiug accorded to the privaty initiative of the generals, and to foresee ij move than half way to victory. Tho tfrench are making up lee way in the I matter of rapidity of movement. Marshal Saxe I observed " that victory is in the legs." Sir Garnet Wolscley has just illustrated this, and Napoleon I acted on the theory in his maxim "strike rapidly." Statue erection and statue demolition proceed with e^ual rapidity; it is not unnatural that being the " ins " the republicans should honor their forgotten worthies in brou30 and marble. Perhaps it is owing to vant of sites that the municipal cov.r.oil "of Caen has ordered the removal or the statue of Louis XIV from the public sciuare of the town. It is to be hoDed no liarm will bo done to William the Conqueror. In the Place de Yictoires, in Paris, there is also a statue to the Sun king. The greatest wonder is that it has escaped remove!; but we are more tolerant in the eanit«l, Witness the setting up a few mwithi ago, close to Notre Dame, of ■$hc statue of Charlemagne, under the auspices cf an extreme republican municipality. The hat is being sent round for a statue to Jean Jacques Rousseau, and Marat. When the turn for Forquier, Truiville, and Robespierre — la pah-it rcconnni'iniitt^ German opinion having expressed the desire to occupy home portion of Africa and establish colonies, may explain why the French call upon their Government to ratify the treaty of M. de Brazza with King Makoko, who hohls sway somewhere on the Congo. It is tho region where Stanley delivered 32 battki, but that M. de Brazza won in the name of liberty, equality, and fraternity. That slice of Africa, along with I Madagascar, ought to compensate the French for the flight oi the English into Egypt. lint what does France do with her colonies' SI... cannot people them, having no population to send there, and her sons prefer short commons with M. Grevy, rather than an estate tiowiag with milk and ho:>ey, in tho vicinity of King Makoko, cr the strong minded Queeu of tho Hovas. The materialists are going in dead against n.i\ed marriages; the' greatest misfortune in their eyes is a bride professing Christianity, or any rcligior. A second edition of Arthur Young's " Voyages in France" in 17S7-S9, has just appeared; it is appreciated rather a3 an historical tnan an agri cultural and cconornie-v »"ork. Ho is blamed for not sympathizing with the misery he saw W'9Ui"l him, while he pities the break down ci liia post-horse. Sterne,when in France, uumtged. in lamentations ove^ a il/;?/! jajkass,. J notica tluit Young, when at llheims, found champagne to cure his rheumatism. At a recent socialist minion, an " employer" denounced liis own unhappy condition, bv which competition compelled him to adulterate his products. "Where was Venus born?" " Xu Venezuela, close to the sea," replied the pupil up to his mythology. Student: "An invitation for the Duehesso's ball to night, when 1 have just given my only shirt to my laundress" 