FACTS & SCRAPS. Tenders are to be called for 20,000 tons of steel rails. A fine nugget weighing 153oz. was unearthed the other day at Temora, N.S.W. At Young, in New South Wales, on March 13, the thermometer registered llOdeg. in the shade. Detective Hartney, a well-known and useful member of the detective force, died suddenly on March 9. Mr. George Tolly, J.P., French consul at Newcastle, died on March 8, after a long illness, aged 73 years. Professor M'Coy, has been elected to the vacant seat in the council of the University. Sir John Robertson has promised to grant a reserve of 700 acres at Maloga for the use of the aborigines. Dr. Haake, of Christchurch Museum, has been appointed acting curator of the Adelaide Museum. Railway communication has been completed between Adelaide and Beltana. A tiger-snake of over 3 ft. in length was killed on March 12 in the Fitzroy-gardens. A social gathering of the letter-sorters of the Melbourne General Post-office took place at Gunsler's Cafe on March 11. One of the Government inspectors of vineyards reports that the rumour of phylloxera having appeared in the vines in the Hamilton district was unfounded. Mr. R. D. Ross, the Speaker of the South Australian Legis lative Assembly, has been re-elected president of the Royal Agricultural Society of South Australia. The late Sir Joshua Bell's Grange property and his stud were sold at Brisbane on March 7 for £10,000, the purchaser being Mr. W. H. Kent, on behalf of a company. A sailing-boat capsized in the Sydney Harbour, near Garden Island, on March 7, and two of its occupants, who were Italians, were drowned. During the recent floods at Clermont, North Queensland, a man named Lindsay was drowned while trying to cross a creek. A man named Michael Callaghan has been arrested at Burdekin bridge, Queensland, for the murder of John Hughes, whom he knocked into a flooded railway cutting during a quarrel. The remains of a man named Turner have been found in the bush near Branxton, New South Wales. It is believed that the man must have died from thirst and fatigue. In several parts of Victoria, South Australia, and New South Wales the extreme drought has necessitated resort to stills as means of providing fresh water from salt or brackiah water. The well-known dam Sour Grapes, the property of Mr. De Mestre, died in the Terrara paddock, New South Wales, on March 2, the cause of death being a bite on the nose from a snake. A new town-hall is about to be erected in Fremantle, Western Australia, at a cost of £10,000, from the designs of Meaars. Grainger and D'Ebro, architects, of Melbourne. A man named John Newman has been committed for trial at Brisbane on a charge of having sent a threatening letter to Sir A. H. Palmer. Mr. W. M. Cook, M.L.A., has been requested by the Govern ment to fill the the vacancy in the Tariff Commission caused by the death of Mr. R. de Bruce Johnstone. A verdict waa given in the Supreme Court the other day of £500 damages against the Union Bank for dishonouring the cheque of Mr. John Dyson. The 8.b. Lindus, a new vessel, built in England for Messrs. Huddart and Parker, grounded on entering Port Phillip Heads, but was safely floated off next tide. . - An earthquake was experienced at Port Darwin on March 8. For an inBtaut the shock waa very diBtinct, but no damage waa done. A liiTTE child, 20 months old, strayed away Into the bush at Strathalbyn, South Australia, and was found dead five miles from home. Mr. J. B. Dixon, manager of the Bank of Australasia, Brisbane, died at llobart on March G from cancer in the liver. The deceased had been connected with the bank for 30 years. In another inquest, that on the body of Jane Irving, the jury attributed the death of the deceased to blood poisoning, con tracted in the Melbourne Hospital, owing to the insanitary condition of that institution. William Mitchell, manager of the Old Welshman's Reef MiniugCompauy, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for forging the names of several persons to the share list with intent to deceive. On the last voyage of the Orient steamer John Elder to Mel bourne a call waa made en route at the island of Diego Garcia, in the Indian Ocean, an island which will probably be utilised as a coaling atation for ocean steamers. A man named John Richard JohnBon waa drowned in the River Yarra on March 4, by being carried by a 'back wash ' from a passing steamer from a atage on which he waa at work painting the steamer Tarnnr. Mr. John Reilly, for a long time city surveyor to the corpora tion of Melbourne, and afterwards building surveyor, died on March 3. The deceased gentleman had been a reaident of Victoria since 1851. Three men were almost suffocated on March 8 by foul air while working in the cylinder of the new bridge ac Iron Cove, Sydney. They were taken to the hospital, and one of them h,aa aince died. A miner, named Thomas Walker, was killed in No. 1 shaft of the United Black Horse Company, Mount Egerton, on March 8, by being caught between the cage and the aide of the shaft when ascending. The Zoological and Acclimatisation Society of Victoria lias received letters from the assistant director at Calcutta, Btating that he had secured a number of interesting and valuable animals (including an elephant) and birds. Messrs. Nimmo, M.L.A., C. Hodgkinson, and Captain Perry, who represent the Government on the Harbour Trust, have been reappointed for three yeats, their respective terma of oflice having almost expired. News from Noumea states that a man named Odey, the keeper «'-f a wine shop at Noumea, deliberately shot hia wife with a revolver in a fit of jealousy, and then blew out his own braine. The partiea had only recently arrived from France. New pearling grounds, supposed to bo from 15 to 20 miles long, have been discovered oil Beagle Bay, on the north coast of Went Australia. There haa been a general stampede of all boats on the coast to the Bpot, and the take- off of sheila is expected to be unprecedented. A labourer named William Buckley, during a quarrel with hia wife in Abercrombie-street, Sydney, on March 10, Btruck her on the head with his fist, causing her death. Buckley, who waa under the influence of drink at the time, waa arrested. T e Government of India have by telegram requested the Chief Secretary to notify that they will be prepared in 1882-3 to purchase 100 horses at Madraa, for army purposes, and 75 at Calcutta for similar ubo. The Adelaide Old English Fair waa opened in the Exhibition grounds and building on March 11. The weather waa insufferably hot, but Btill there waa a fair attendance, about 1,600 persons visiting the ground during the afternoon and evening. His Honour Shi 'William Staavell haa resigned hia office of Chief Judge of the Court of Mines, which he assumed on the occasion of the temporary retirement of his Honour Mr. JuBtico Moles worth, who will return to. the position. . . A ruiVATE company recently formed at Adelaide, and 'repre- senting £25,000 in shares, haa recently bought. 44,000 acrea at Burton T-owha, in the Northern Territory, suitable for sugar cultivation and cattle breeding,, and 40,000 acres at Bynol Harbour. At the Sydney, Central Police Court the other day Joseph Pollard, a barber, was fined 5s. , or two hours in the atocka, for working at hia ordinary calling on the Lord's Day. Another man waa fined in the same amount for keeping his premises open for the purpose of trading. A young man named James Carroll, a miner at Malmsbury, committed Buicide on March 7 by hanging himself with a Btrap to a doorway leading from the front to the back part of his house. The cause of hia committing Buicide ia believed to have been disappointment in love. ' The Bchooner Pet, from Bunbury to Adelaide, was Btruck on March 4 by a aperm whale, about 50 miles Bouth of Cape Leuwin, and foundered in a few minutes, with nil on board, except Captain Littlejohn, who reached Hamlin Harbour safely on the following evening. A fatal mining accident occurred at the Homeward Bound Reef, Grenfell, New South Wales, on March 10. Edward Brewer, a - miner, waa completely amothered by a quantity of mullock which suddenly gave way. An hour elapsed before he could be extri cated, and life was then found to be extinct. A somewhat extensive fire broke out on the premises of Messrs. Gustave Brunet and Sons, produce merchants, Flinders-street west, on March 13, and destroyed stock to the value of £500 or £600. The neighbouring premises Buffered to some extent from the fire. An accident occurred on March 11 to Mr. J. Clarke, J. P., of Emu-hill station, near Linton. Whilst out turkey shooting with ' his nephew hia gun burst, and blew hia hand completely off by the wrist. Mr. Clarke waa in a very low state from the loss of hia hand and shock to hia Byatem. Colonel Hutton ia preparing a report to the Government on the Bubject of the formation of the permanent artillery corps. It ia intended bv the Government that it shall consist of 120 efficients, with a reserve of 180, and they will be specially drilled tor duty at the batteries. Mr. J. B. Da vies has resigned his position N as manager of the Australian Depoait and Mortgage Bank (Limited), Mel bourne, with a view of entering upon other business entice ments. Mr. Daviea originated the bank in 1874, and haa held the appointment of manager ever hi nee. Mr. George S. Davies, who has been an officer of the London Chartered Bank for the last 17 years, and haa occupied various posts of importance and responsibility, has been appointed manager of the Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank. Mr. Davies ia a brother of the retiring manager. In the case of Mrs. Bailliere against the Board of Land and Works for damages for the death of her husband in the Jolimont Railway action, the plaintiff sued for £7,000, and the jury awarded * £3.092, and directed that the money should be equally divided between the widow and the two children. , A number of prominent Melbourne gentlemen, consuls, and others assembled at the Town-hall on March 15 to drink the health of Mony. Bclcour, commissioner-general for France at the ? late Melbourne Exhibition, and to wish him bon voyage on the eve of hia departure for Europe. Messrs. T. D. S. Heron, P.M., C. Molliaon, andE. P. S. Sturt, have been appointed a board to inquire into and report upon the charges preferred against Sergeant Steele by other constables, to the effect that he fired recklessly at certain innocent personB at the Glenrowan affray. During the trial in the Brisbane Supreme Court of Minns for the murder of Pillinger, the priaoner'a counsel, Mr. Swanwick, interrupted Judge Harding while he waa summing up, and the judge ordered him to be locked up during the night. The counsel apologised, and the order waa then withdrawn. Mr. James Peteks, of Garth Station, Newham, waa on March 7 found hanging by the neck from a beam in hia stable. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. C. R. Rennie, J.P., who. recorded hia opinion that deceased had committed suicide whilst of unsound mind. Deceased belonged to an old Tasmanian family, and waa well known in agricultural circles. The Executive Council of New South Wales, have commuted the Bentence of death passed on King Charlie and Nymrod Jack, for the murder of another aboriginal named Dickie, to five yeara hard labour. Each of the prisoners and their victim belonged to tribes at variance with each other, and Dickie had stolen Charlie's gin. The following is given as a return of the daily average number of teams carting water and of stock watered from one of the small temporary water supply works con8tructed in dry districts of the country— that at the Woolahed, Loddon district. Teams carting water, 122; cattle watered, S80 ; horses, 284; Bheep, 4,068. Mr. E. E. Morris, who haB held the position of head master of the Church of England Grammar School aince the resignation of the Rev. Dr. Bronaby, ia about to sever hia connexion with the Bchool. The firat formal intimation of hia intention wbb given by Mr. Morris to the pupils on March 10, and the announcement was received with both surprise and regret. At Sfc. Peter's Church, Eastern-hill, on March 13, the Rev. Canon Handfield, incumbent, preached his last sermons previous to hia approaching visit to Europe. He bade farewell to his congregation, to whom he haa ministered continuously for over 2G yeara. During hia absence hia duties will be performed by the Rev. J. Carlisle, of Eaglehawk. Turc weather of late has been very dry, and intensely hot. On the afternoon of March 10 the thermometer at the Observatory recorded 102 ldeg. The rainfall from the beginning of the year to March 11 was only 0.82iti., beini* the smallest amount recorded for that period during the last 21 yearB, the average being 4.28in. Mr. W. Morraii, lately inspector of New Zealand branches of the Bank of AustralaBia, haB been appointed to Bucced the late Mr. Michael Elliot as manuger at tho Melbourne branch. It »a not yet decided whether the appointment ia to be permanent or not. Mr. Morrah ranks second in the bank' a service in tne Australian colonies. A curious incident happened durinc; the recent passage of the steamer Wukatipu from Now Zealand. A largo fiah got jammea ucroBS the bow of the veBsel, where it remained for 21 ')ouj, ' Attempts were made to Beciiro it, nnd tho grapnel was ft0™*'1* hooked on, but owing to ita great weight the fish wn8 lost, i''5 weight of tho monster is Rupponcd to have been about two to.n8- Tawiiiao, tho Maori King, is making extensive preparations for the feast which ho in to givo to Europeans and natives ou the 1st of May. It is tho custom of Maoris when they have been feasted to feant in turn, and Tawhiao is not poinR ro '» outdone, if he can holpit. The Europeans are to bo entertamea as far as possible in their own manner. The gathering promiaeo to be quite unique in the history of the colony. Un Easter Monday the. volunteers of the colony will be exer cised in the movements for repelling an attack from an invading force. The Artillery Corps and the Rallarat Rangers will be stationed at Queenscliff in charge of the battery there, and the remaining divisions will be marched towards Weaternport to repel an imaginary attack from that quarter. Colonel Hutton is preparing a scheme for the manoeuvred. '?A bather valuable find (remarks the Gipps Land Mercury) was made recently on the Ninety-mile Beach, abouc half a mile from Mr. Futcher's premises, near Prospect, in the shape of a whale about 20ft. long, and 4ft. thick. The monster fish was hardly dead when it was discovered, the body being quite warm. Preparations were immediately made to utilise it, and boiling down was soon going on actively. A very handsome memorial window has just been placed in the Toorak Presbyterian Church. The donoi is the Hon. Francis Ormond, and it has been erected in memory of his late wife. Occupying as it does. the gable of the church, it enhances the appearance of the whole interior. The whole work h«H been curried out with great taste by Messrs. Ferguson and Urie, of Collins-Btreet. '/' Amongst the passengers by the Chitnborazo, which arrived on the 2nd insr., was-Dr. Schwarzbach, a German lecturer and naturalist, who travelled four or five years ago in the Australian colonies, and wrote many papers on Australasian affairs in different German magazines. Dr. Schwarzback intends to revisit the South Sea Islands and New Zealand for medical and anthro pological purposes.' A number of ministers and laymen of the Wealeyan Church in Victoria held a meeting recently, and decided to make religious camp meetings a permanent institution in this colony. With this object in view, the promoters of the movement propose pur chasing or leasing an area of land on the Brighton Beach, and erecting comfortable habitations, assimilating all the arrange ments as nearly as possible to those of the camp in New York, known as the Pine Grove. The examination of the contraband goods brought to Melbourne in the ship Meath under false invoices has been finished by the officers of the Customs department. It has been ascertained that in the cases represented to contain various kinds of undudabln or Blightly dutiable goods were secreted 140,000 cigars, 250.000 cigarettes, 920 gallons of spirits, and two tons and a half of manufactured tobacco, upon which the aggregate duty amounts to over £2,000. Fresh water in abundance has been found in a well at Avon Plains, in the shire of Dunmunkle. Mr. Young, on March 9, received a telegram from Mr. Gorrie, secretary of the shire of St. Arnaud, stating that at a depth of 35ft. a large body of water was met with, and that pumping apparatus was required to enable the residents to obtain advantage from the discovery. The Minister instructed that the necessary machinery should be sent to the locality at once. M. Jules Renard, Councillor J. Wilks, and Mr. Isaac Jacobs (Feldheim, Jacobs, and Co.) have been appointed additional honorary commissioners for Victoria at the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition. They will act conjointly with Messrs. W. H. Seward, James Smith, and H. G. Turner, who have been already delegated. The Treasurer has allowed £1,000 for defraying the expenses in connexion with the Victorian representation at the Exhibition. Judge Skinner has been requested by the Solicitor-General to offer any comments he may consider desirable upon a complaint made by Mr. Tuthill, attorney, of Beech worth, regarding his conduct. Mr. Tuthill alleges that he was told by the judge that be was talking 'stuff,' and wasting time while pleading in court, and was abused when he remonstrated against that treat ment. In addition, it is remarked that the judge has resented Mr. Tuthill'a refusal to submit any briefs to hia (the judge's) son, who is a barrister. An accidentoccurrod at Mordialloc on March 9 by which a young married man, named John Owen Holmes, a resident of Richmond, lost his life. He was Been standing on a loaded truck, which was being pushed out of Mordialloc station by an engine. A sleeper or some other obstruction which was on the rails knocked the truck off, and Holmes was seen to fall on the line, the wheels of the truck passing over his body, breaking his legs and causing other serious injuries, from which Holmes died before he could be removed to the Alfred Hospital. A bold attempt at escape was made on the 22nd February by Bix convicts at He Nou, New Caledonia. They, in broad daylight and in the presence of the guards, seized a boat which, aa usual, had arrived in the early morning with rations from Noumea. They dashed into the boat, threw the crew into the water, and tried to make off with the boat. The sur veil Ian ts fired upon them, killed one, and wounded three of the others, one Beriously. This put an end to the insane attempt, for the convicts had not a ghost of a chance of succeeding in their efforts. The Police Reward Fund has been considered by the Cabinet. The recommendations of the board were concurred in with the exception of the award of £550 to Mr. Thomas Curnow, formerly schoolmaster at Glenrowan. This sum is regarded aa a very inadequate recompense for the services rendered by that gentle man, and it is intended to ask Parliament to sanction the appropriation of £450 from the general revenue, in order that he may receive £1,000. Since tho board made the assessment other factB have been adduced which show that Mr. Curnow was entitled to greater consideration than was conceded by that body. Messrs. G. Haynesand J.Ahchiuald, defendants in theSydney Bulletin libel case Moore and Another «. Marines and Another,, were on March G arrested by the sheriff's officers and taken to Darlinghurst Gaol, where they will be incarcerated for 12 months unless the writ for over £000 is previously satisfied. It will be remembered that after the conclusion of the trial a subscription was commenced to defray the defendants' costs in the case, but the money subscribed barely sufficed to pay their own lawyers, and left nothing to defray the expenses of counsel and solicitors on the other side. A most melancholy accident, attended with fatal consequences' happened to a lad named Alfred Murray, aged 11 years, at the Australian Wharf on March 11. While playing on the wharf with a number of other boys, Murray attempted to climb over a Btack of heavy logs, one of which rolled over him, crushing in the nose and upper jaw in a frightful manner, and seriously injuring the abdomen and foot. He was at once removed to the Melbourne Hospital, and attended by Dr. Sutherland, one of the resident surgeons, but his injuries were of such a serious nature that he expired while being treated. Another of the Jolimont accident cases was disposed of in the Supreme Court on March 13, before his Honour Mr. Justine Higinbotham and a jury of 12. The plaintiff was Mr. A. K Moore, a land agent, who was a passenger by the train. He met with a severe injury to his arm and shoulder, from which he suffered intense pain for several weeks. At one time he was attacked with erysipelas. It was found necessary to perform two operations on his arm. Ho was provented from attending to his business for nearly five months, and it was snid that it was impossible now to tell when he would recover the use of his arm. The jury assessed tho plaintiff's damages nt £2,500. The resources of tho Kilcunda coalfield are again being brought under the notice of tho Commiauioner of Railways, a number of gentlemen having Htuted that they can supply the department with 100 000 tons of coal at leas coat than it could be obtained in Now South Wales. In order to test tho practicability of thiB offer, Mr. Bent has decided to call for tenders for 100,000 tons of coal, delivered at the pit mouth, and if the gentlemen above referred to can show that they are really competent to do what they Btate, the Cabinet will he asked to determine as to the policy of constructing a tramway from the coalfield to Griffith a ? The Chief Commissioner of Police issued directions on March 8, in compliance with the recent decision of the Government, for the dismissal of Constablea William Duroaa, Thomas Patrick Dowling, and Robert Alexander, who formed the hut party on the occasion of the murder of Aaron Sherritt by the members of the Kelly gang, and the decision was formally carried out by Superintendent Winch during the afternoon. Detective Ward was also officially informed of the fact that the Chief Commis sioner had been directed by the Government to place him at the bottom of the second class, and to censure him for his conduct in connexion with the cave party. ? ? . Qn March 13, at Sydney, Walter Rod way. and J. H. -Wilson, were committed for trial at the Criminal Sessions on a charge of conspiring to defraud the public by means of advertisements promising to supply jewellery and works of art on the receipt of a coupon and cash. The case has occupied considerable public attention for some days past. Evidence was adduced at the Police Court showing that Rod way, who styled himself 'Doctor,' had. victimised various persons by forwarding spurious jewellery in. answer to their communications, while in some cases no. articles were sent at all in return for the money forwarded.. The defendant Wilson acted as Rod way's manager. A serious affray took place in Brisbane early on the morning of March 10. Between 12 and 1 o'clock an officer, named Keid, of the American barque Wattie E. Tapley, came out of an hotel with one of his sailors, named Harlem. Both had been drinking. The officer told the man to go on board, and upon his refusing fired five shots at him from a revolver, one ball grazing Harlem'd hair. Constable Ryan tried to arrest Reid, who then drew a knife and stabbed him in the arm, breast, and other places seriously. One wound would have been fatal only the knife struck the constable's watch. Reid was arrested by other police men. -, A married woman, named Louisa Messenger, 30 years of age, made a determined attempt to commit suicide on March 10 by drowning. It appears that on the previous night she had a dispute with her husband, who is a carrier residing in Wanguratta street, Richmond. She left him, and said Bhe would go to the river and drown herself. Fearing she might carry her threat into execution, he, in company with another man named Baker, followed her. She went straight to the river, and when . near the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Harcourt's-parade, Bhe rushed to the water and jumped in. A lifebuoy was thrown to her, which she caught hold of, and she was with some difficulty pulled out of the water, and conveyed to Baker's house, in Wellington-street. A deliberate attempt at murder was made by a man named Christie, at Onions'a Point, on the Parramatta River, New South Wales, on March 10. Christie, it seems, had just come down from the country with the intention of turning his step-son out of the house. He was occupied in quarrelling with him when a young man named Dew interfered in some way. Christie pre sently drew a revolver, and fired three shots in succession at Dew, the last bullet taking effect. Dew fell, and Christie then jumped into a cart standing near, and fired two more shots at random, fortunately without hitting anyone. He then drove away, but was subsequently arrested. On examination, at the hospital Dew waB found to be shot in the lungs, and he was in a critical state. , The Albert-park Yacht Club held a moonlight procession, &c;, of yachts on the lake on the evening of March 9 for the purpose of giving non-sailing members and their friends a sail upon the lake, and also to give to the outside public a display. Every thing pasBed off smoothly. The lighting up of the lake by means of lanterns was well managed, numbers of these being placed round the course to be sailed, thus marking it, and enabling onlookers to understand and watch the manoeuvres. Each of the yachts carried a mast-head light of different colour ia addition, and as the lanterns marking the course were also of various colours— red, blue, and green lights alternating with plain and parti-coloured ones — the effect was very pleasing, and the spectacle an uncommon and brilliant one to the onlookers. At an adjourned meeting of the Pipeclay Club, held in the club rooms, Melbourne, on March 9, Captain Christopherson read a paper on the defences of Victoria, and he suggested, the establishment of a paid militia instead of the present volunteer force. He referred to the total inadequacy of the present means for resisting an invasion, asserting that the Queenscliff batteries in their present unmanned state would be rupidly captured, and prove an auxiliary to the enemy instead of a means of resistance for the colony. A discussion on the suggested reorganisation of the land forces subsequently took place, it being finally unani mously agreed to forward the paper read to the colonel com mandant, with a request that he should submit the proposals contained in it to the Government for immediate consideration. A number of the most inlluential residents and friends of Mr. Henry Laurie assembled at Warrnambool on March 7 to present him with a testimonial on the occasion of his severing hia con nexion with the Standard newspaper, and accepting the position of lecturer on logic at the Melbourne University. The chair waa taken by Mr. F. J. Hickling. manager of the National Bank, Warrnambool. A number of highly eulogistic speeches were made, testifying to Mr. Laurie's ability as a journalist, his value as a citizen, and his high social Btanding, and the many expres sions of regard and esteem were accompanied by a handsome silver service on a massive salver. Subsequently Mr. Laurie was invited to the Royal Archer Hotel by his late employe's, who pre sented him with a silver inkstand as a slight testimony of the good feeling which they entertained towards their late employer. The ofliceB of the National Insurance Company, at the corner of Collins and Market streetB, were entered by burglars some time between Saturday, March 4, and the morning of March 6. Entrance was effected through the front door by means of Bkeleton keys, and the place was ransacked throughout in search of valuables. One of the strong aafee in which the keys of the other safes were kept was opened by boring holes through the lock fastenings with a brace, and causing the bolts to fall away inside. A second Bafe was opened with the keys so obtained, and £30 in cash, and seven cheques, representing an amount of about £b0, abstracted. No other property was stolen. The burglary was evidently the work of experienced hands, and was cleverly executed, no trace being left by which the offenders might be detected. The new Government Industrial Insurance scheme in New Zealand is to be Btarted forthwith. The main object is to bring insurance within the reach of all, by granting policies for any amount from £5 upwards with premiums, payable by weekly instalments to bo called for by a collector. Anybody, by payment of a. few pence weekly, can secure a policy payable to his family at his death. Tho premiums run as low as 2d. per week. Another new feature in the new Industrial Insurance scheme now offered by Government is that all policy-holders will share in the profita ; and policies of the value of £20 and upwards, after existing three years, can be surrendered for cash or for a free policy, on which no further payments have to be made. The accounts of the Industrial branch are to be kept entirely distinct and separate from those of the ordinary branch. The Hamilton Spectator stateB that 'some fencers were at work a short timo back on Messrs. Hutton Bros.' Cheviot-hills Estate, when they camo across a bottle, apparently empty. On. lifting it, however, they found it to contain a number of matches, and nqunntity of dry grass, a train of which protruded out of tho neck of tho bottle, and tho contents were thus brought into contact with the surrounding pasturage. The object of the man who had thus improvised this machine was apparent. Ho trusted to the matches inside the bottle being ignited by the raya of tho sun, and setting fire to the praae. This, the weather being extremely hot, would quickly have been the result, and a disastrous buab fire must inevitably have followed. The mis creant, \t may be added, had selected the most favourable place on the estate for a blaze, the grass being long, dry, and. plentiful. The action brought by Mr. Thomas Miller against the Board of Land and Works for damages he received in the Jolimont railway accident was concluded in the Supreme Court on March 3. The plaintiff alleged that he had his shoulder dislocated, and that the injury to him was such that he was unable to attend to his business for four month?, and it was stated that it would be some months yet before he completely recovered the use of! his arm and hand. He admitted on cross-examination that he had gone to Mr. Milner Stephen, and had given a testi monial that Mr. Stephen had cured him by breathing on him, and had enabled him to put on his coat without assistance. Mr. Stephen was examined as a witness for the defendants, to prove what had occurred on the occasion of Mr. Miller's visit; to him. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff, damageR £1.150. The case of Geach v. the Beard of Land and Works waa tried on March 13 in the Supreme Court, before Mr. Justice Higinbotham and a special jury of 12. The plaintiff in this case, Major G. O. Geacb, was one of the passengers injured by the accident which happened to the Brighton expresa train at Jolimont in August last. The evidence showed that Major Geach received a wound1 on the head which severed the left temple artery. He lost a large quantity of blood and was detained in the Melbourne Hospital ? for over a week, afterwards be was removed to his private residence at Balaclava. A few days afterwards erysipelas super vened, and he waa confined to his bed for five weeks. On the 1st December he was sufficiently recovered to resume his duties aa cashier to Messrs. Couche, Calder, and Co. He lost two months' salary, arid was put to an expense of about £170 for medical attendance, &c.; He claimed £2,200 damages, but the jury, after deliberating 25 minutes, awarded him £725. The case of Garrett v. the Board of Land and Works, in which Mrs. Louisa Jane Garrett, as administratrix of the estate of her husband, the late Horatio Hill James Garrett, sued the defendants for £6,000 damages for losses sustained by her and his two children through hia being killed at the Jolimont railway accident, was tried in the Supreme Court on March 10, before Hia Hononr Mr. Justice Higinbotham and a special jury of twelve. The plaintiff and other witnesses gave evidence to show ?what amountof loss plaintiff and her children might be considered to have sustained, and the jury then returned a verdict for plaintiff for £3,500. They also decided, according to the wishes of plaintiff, that the money should be divided as it would have been divided by law in case her husband had died intestate ? namely, that one-third of it should be paid to plaintiff, and one third to each of the two children. Regarding the demonstration of loyalty witnessed in the Royal Princess's Theatre. Sandhurst, on March 3. after the arrival of the news of the attack on Her Miajeaty, the Bendiao Advertiser writes : — 'The theatre was filled by a large audience. On the first act of the opera concluding, the little people com posing Pollard'a Juvenile Company %vere called before the' curtain. The whole company appeared, and, on their getting ?into position, Master C. Osmond commenced the first bar of the National Anthem. At once and together the audience — gallery, pit, stalls, and dress circle — rose to their feet with heads uncovered. Master Osmond continued singing, and on the conclusion of the verae the company joined in the so-well-known chorus, the effect of the young but trained voices being peculiarly pleasing. The second verae was next sung, the chorus joining in as before, whereupon the audience burst out into ringing cheers of gratitude for the safety of Her Majeaty, accompanied by waving of hands and tossing of hats, the applause being without doubt the heartiest yet heard in a Sandhurst theatre. It was some minutes before the outburst of loyal enthusiasm had spent itself, and the opera could be resumed.' Mr. Justice Moleswohth on March 7 gave his decision on the application for administration of the estate of one Thomas Edward O'Flaherty, who died in the Melbourne Hospital in November last, to be granted to a Mrs. Fanny Boxall, who claimed to be his daughter. O'Flaherty. who appears to have been more usually known in Victoria as Farley, was an old man. He met with an accident in the street, was treated at first as an out-patient of the Melbourne Hospital, and afterwards taken aa an in-patient. He died qn the 23rd November, and an exami nation of the papers at his lodgings showed that he had left some relatives in Victoria. At the time of his death he had money deposited with a building society to the amountof £4,500, and he had other property to the value of over £500. Inquiries made resulted in the discovery that O'Flaherty had left a daughter, who was living at GoldBbrough. She was a widow. It appeared that she was born in Ireland in 1830, that owing to family differences she had only Been her father twice — once in 1837, and again in 1842; that he had written letters to her afterwards ; that he came to this colony over 30 years ago, whither a brother-in-law and sister of bis followed him. and that Mrs. Boxall came here afterwards. O'Flaherty, or Farley, had not corresponded with his daughter since 1862, and had contributed nothing towards her maintenance. His Honour considered that Mrs. Boxall had proved her claim to administration of the estate, and therefore granted the application. 