TURF GOSSIP. [By Tbumpator.] 'llie Adelaide Uup and (joodwood Handi cap will claim the attention of all owners of horses next Thursday. The full conditions of both races appear in another column. In the past the S.A.J.C. have been remiss in not paying sufficient attention to popular opinion, but this year their programme does them great credit, and owners will no doubt show their appreciation of the liberality displayed by the Club when Thursday arrives. The Adelaide Cup, a sweep of 10 sovs., with 1,000 added, should attract all the handicap horses of this colony, and also a fair con tingent from Melbourne and Sydney. The entrance-fee is two sovs., and for this' owners may see what chance they have of winning a prize which will be worth from £1,250 to £1,500. The Goodwood Handicap, of 5 so vs., with 250 added, should be liberally patronised, because the distance is within the compass of a great number of horses whose owners would not think of asking them to go two miles. The entrance^ fee is 2 sovs., and the sweep is payable in two instalments. Nominations for these two races must be in the hands of Mr. Barnard, Currie-street; Mr. Moore, Melbourne; or Mr. Clibborn, Sydney, by 4 o'clock next Thursday afternoon. The programme advertised this week for a Park Meeting;, to be held on the 11th of next month, is an improvement on the usual bill of fare for this class of meeting, and although the A.R.C. cannot be complimented on cutting in so close to the Morphettville Meeting, it must be admitted tnat their programme should commend itself to owners. There are six races on the card, and while the Club give more than the usual amount in added money, they have conceded the desira bility of expunging the Selling Steeplechase. Nominations must be made on Tuesday next. By - the - bye, Messrs. Ferry and Blackler should let owners know who they are to be handicapped by. The conditions of the RedhilT Handicap and Hurdle Race, to be run on the 17th, appear in this page. Nominations are due with Mr. W. T. Reynolds on Friday evening., March 1. Mr. Hughes has published the weights for the North-West Bend Handicaps this week. Lancaster reads very well at 7 st. 2 lb. for the Handicap if she is in form, as she is a cut above any of the others. Shamrock or Governess may win the Hurdle Race, as Dutchman will wait for better things if he retains any of his old form. The weights for four handicaps to be run at the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting appear in another column. Nothing reads better to my thinking in the Brunswick Stakes than last year's winner, Nightmare. Another horse that appears to have a fair chance is Crystal, but the bungling policy pursued with the colt at Caulfield has had a prejudicial effect on his chance of paying hisfcway in Melbourne this season. Red Rover cannot complain of 10 st. 12 lb. in the Hurdle Race, but Sir Peter should trouble him if he runs. In the Steeplechase this colony will be represented by Roebuck, and if he be really well on the day I fancy he will win. Margin Bourke goes over by Saturday's steamer to ride, and as the horse can jump the Fleinington country with ease he must be there or thereabonts if his con dition will enable him to get the distance. The Victorian steeplechase horse Verdi— brother to Greystanes—arrived in Adelaide last week. He has been purchased by a patron of Watson's stable. Mr. Lavers, the Secretary of the Menindie Jockey Club, writes me that the declaration of weights for the Menindie Meeting has been postponed until March 10, in consequence of the postponement of the Wentworth Meeting. Several horses are to be shipped for Mel bourne to-day. Hill takes First Water and Totalizator, and Mr. Filgate will take over Roebuck and Struck Oil. I have not heard whether Taxaraxacum is going or not. Messrs. Huxton & Co.'s tender for building the hew Stand on the Old Adelaide Course has been accepted. The bare Btand is to cost £4,175, and the totalizator and fencing will cost another thousand. The contractors undertake to finish the Stand by May 15. General entries for the Wentworth Races are due on March 2, acceptances for Hamil ton on March 1, and acceptances for Mor phettville on February 28. , A race meeting is to be held at Hamilton on the 9th prox. Nominations for the handi caps must be made by Wednesday next. Quite a crowd found its way to the Old Course on Monday afternoon to witness the trotting match for £50 a side between Mr. O'Reilly's Punch and Mr. Sayers's Smuggler. Punch, who conceded his opponent fifty yards' start in a mile and a half, was ridden oyG. Jenkin, and Smuggler bv W. Giles. Mr. Roberts started the pair, ana it was very soon seen that the match was to be a most uninteresting affair. The little bay went away at a fine swinging pace, but Smuggler, who was very sore, seemed unable to get on his legs, and before 200 yards had been tra versed Punch had recovered his handicap and taken a decided lead. It was some time before Smuggler could be persuaded to step out, and as he broke three or four times Punch won, pulling up by some distance. Time, 4 min. 53f sec. Our Clare correspondent telegraphs that a numerously attended meeting of mem bers of the Clare Racing Club was held at Lawson's Hotel on Tuesday afternoon to decide about the new racing course. It was stated that the old show ground on the north boundary of the town would make a much better course than the old one, and a motion was carried in favour of the Inchiquin paddock. A com mitter was appointed to erect a stand and fencing. The Melbourne correspondent of this journal telegraphB that " the handicaps pub lished during the week in connection with the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting have as a whole given fair satisfaction. The weight allotted Baron von Mueller in the Brunswick Stakes forms, however, a notable exception, for the greatest surprise is expressed on all sides at the unduly heavy weight allotted the horse. In support of the view that the horse is un fairly treated it is only necessary to compare his weight with that of Napper Tandy, who after running third with 8 st. 7 lb. in the Geelong Handicap came out on the same day with 9 st. 8 lb. and beat The Baron (8 st. 5 lb.) Now the handicapper places only 6 lb. be tween the pair, and sporting men generally agree that Mr. Dakin was fully justified in scratching the horse directly he saw the weights, and no one can deny the justice of the sentiment with which he closes a letter to the Australasian on the subject, viz., that handicapping of this sort is enough to disgust any owner. The scratching of Aspen for the Newmarket Handicap has occasioned much disappointment, as she had a number of supporters. From the same source I learn tnat Suwarrow is nominally first favourite for the Australian Gup at 100 to 10. He was backed for 3,000 at 100 s to 8. Hesperian would find good backers at 100 to 7, and the owner of Saunterer has taken 1,000 to 80 about his horse. The Ghost is the only horse yet backed for the New market Handicap. The latest scratchings for the V. R. C. Meet ing are—Gladys, Rustic Lass, and Beau Ideal in the Leger, Satanella and Sterling in the Ascot Vale Stakes, and Beeswing filly in the Sires' Produce Stakes. The annual race meeting of the Marong Club, held on Wednesday (says the Bendigo Advertiser J was from beginning to end a chapter of accidents, one of which has proved fatal to human life, and another in which the sufferer is not likely to recover. The first race—the Maiden Stakes—brought out a field of eleven horses, and at the start everything promised well, the course being in noway dangerous. However, 011 the eleven animals passing the Judge's box for the first time a frightful acci dent happened. The horses were in a cluster, and one of the number, Royal Maid, ridden by its owner, a young man named John Purves, collided another young horse, and Purves was thrown heavily to the ground. The riderless mare then turned aside to make for the bush, .but Mr. Campbell's Young Ebor, ridden by a jockey named Joseph Eade, ran against her, and Eade was also thrown to the ground. One of the other horses in the race in passing over the body of Purves as he lay on the course struck his head with one of its hind feet, and shifted the unfortunate man a few feet. After all the horses had passed the police and some of the spectators directed their attention to the two injured men. and both were removed inside a fence. Eade was taken to the Hospital, but died on the road, about three miles from the course. It is supposed his neck was broken. Purves was examined by the doctors, and found to have sustained a fractured skull and concussion of tbe brain, injuries from which he is not likely to re cover. In the Marong Handicap, the second race after the sad calamity above narrated, the horse Young Ebor fell on turning into the straight, and broke one of his forelegs just below the knee. The smash was so great that the bone protruded through the skin, and the hoof was hanging. The rider, a young man named Horton, was thrown, but did not receive any severe injury. The horse was ruined, ana Constable Couche was asked to shoot it to put it out of misery. It did not, however, fall until five bullets were fired into the head. In the Selling Hack Race two horses bolted, one rider being unseated, whilst the other was taken against his will over a three-rail fence. The Farmers' Race was also attended with an accident. A very heavy horse, Zulu, ridden by its owner, McClure, on coming into the straight fell and threw its rider, who received a severe shaking and a bruised leg. The horse also injured one of its forelegs. Our Sandhurst corre spondent adds by wire last night" The other jockey, Purves, died this afternoon, and an inquest will be held to-morrow. The verdict in Eade's case was accidental death. The Marong racecourse is in a fearful state, being very uneven, and the wonder is that more accidents have not taken place." 