TWO 'glBgPEfiS. CHAPTEB VIV A REVERSIONAKST INTHEEffB. Although Dorothea could assume on occasions fco bright an exterior as I h&xe; ia a previous chapter endeavoured to describe, her normal Setate was undoubtedly that which is best con veyed, by the epithet ' grimy.3 Old Mr. Bargrave VaUdng serenely into his office at eleven, and meeting this handmaiden on the stairs, used to bonder how sb much dirt could accumulate on gate uiuiiau txjunieaance, wnen irrigated, as ^Dorothea's red. eyelid* too surely testified, by ?daily tears. Yes, she had gone about her work of late with a heavy heart and a inoody brow. Hers ;i»as at best a dull dreary life, but in it there ? igrew a noxious weed which she was pleased to jeheriBb. as a flower. Well, it was withering every. ' ?day before her eyes, and all the tears she could ; shed were hot enough to keep it alive. Ah ! when ' the-shijj is going down tinder our very feet, I ? don/t think it muck matters what may be our jJMink and rating on board. The coofs mate in the galley is no less dismayed than the admiral ' in command. Dorothea's Tight, eo to speak, was irmly a, tallow candle, yet to put it out was to '? leave the poor woman very desolate in the dark, i iSo Mr. Bargrave ventured one morning- to ask if i iehe felt quite well, but the snappish manner in .which his inquiries were met, as though thry xu&sketi; a load of hidden sarcasm and insult, ' caused the old gentleman to scuffle into his i office with unusual activity, much, disturbed and ' Jmmiliated, while resolved never to commit him- - ?self again. . Into that office wo must take the liberty of fol ilowing him, tenanted as it is only by himself and I *&»n Eyfe. ] \- The latter, extremely well dressed, wears a too$y of spring flowers at his buttonhole, and '? !betrays in his whole bearing that he is under ; aome extraneous influence of an. unbusinesslike : j&a.ture.; B.-vrgrave subsides into his leather chair Svith a grunt, shufo.es his papers, dips a pen in i !%be inkstand, and looks over Ma spectacles at Ids ' Eaphew. i f * 'Waste of time, -waste of. capital, Tom/ says he ' .with some irritation. ' Mind I washed my hands t of it iTom the first. You've been at work now for i same months ; thaf s your look-out, and it's been 1 fcept apart and separate from the general busi- 1 ness — that's mine.' . J 'I've got Tangle's opinion here,' answered .Tom ; ' I won't ask you to look at it, uncle. He's ] deSid- against us, Just what you said six months t ,t-ack. There's no getting over that trust-deed, t D.or tliroug-h it, nor round it, nor any way to the 3 other side to it. I've done my d; — dest, and ^ we're not a bit bettor off than when we began.' 1 He spoke in a cheerful, almost an exulting tone, 1 quite unlike a man worsted in ss hard and pro- 1 tracted struggle. i ' I'm sorry for the young lady,' observed Bar- i grave ; ? but I never expected anything else. It's t a, fine estate' and it xaust go to the male heir, c She has but a small settlement, Tom, very inade- e quate to her position, as I told poor Mr. Bruce Knany a time. He used to say everything would s be set right by his will, and now one of these 'girls a is left penniless, and the other -with, a pit- 1 tanca, brought up, as I make no doubt she was, s :ito believe herself an heiress.' 1 ! c One of them,' exclaimed Tom. * What do you t .Wean ?' £ ' * Why, that poor thing who was born a few 1 :xreeks too soon/ answered Bargrave. ' She's 1 totally unprovided for. With regard to Miss j ;33ruce, there's a settlement. Two hundred a 1 jjpear, Tom, for life ; nothing more. I told you j {so when you undertook the job. And now, who's r ito pay your cewts ?' ?« ;- * Not you, uncle/ answered Tom flippantly, :*bo don't distress yourself on that score.' 1 * I don't, indeed,' observed B.irgrnvo with ein- ' jjihasis. * You've had your o\m time to work tliis 2 mi the understanding, as you know, that it was to y .Ibe worked at your owr. risk. I haven't inter- £ fered ; it was no affair of mine. But your costs h i*ill be heavy, Tom, I can't help seeing that, t! iTangle's opinion don't come eo cheap, you see, v (though it's word for word the same as mine. I p Srould have let you have it for nothing, and any- vt [body else for sis and eightpence.' p ? * The costs will be heavy/ answered Tom, still a jteadiant. ' I should say athou. wouldn't cover the i1 jmmount. Of course, if we cant't get them from b the estate, they must come out of .my pocket/ e Bargrave's eyebrows were raised. How the S] ;iiew school went ahead, he thought. Here was p ?this nephew of his talking of a thousand pounds ?with an indifference verging on contempt. Well, t- 4hat was Tom's look-out ; nevertheless, on such a h road it would be wiso to establish a halting place, y jfmd his tone betrayed more interest than com- 1 ;tiLon -while he asked — p ! 'You won't take it into Chancery, Tom, will h yon? ? The younger man laid his forefinger to the side s- of his nose, winked thrice with considerable ti energy, lifted his hat from its peg, adjusted his collars in the glass, nodded to his uncle, mut- 1 d :tering ?briefly, 'Back in two hours/ and van- t! ilshed.' ' is Old Bargrave looked after him with a grim, n approving sniile. ' Boy or man/ said he aloud, j o: -*that chap always knew what he was about, si Tom can be safely trusted to take care of Number p One.' t( He was wrong, though, on the present occasion, n If Mr. Eyfe did indeed know wnat he -was about, there could be no excuse for the enterprise on I ?which he had embarked. He was selfish. He c! . would not have denied his selfishness, and indeed B rather prided himself on that quality ; yet behold b him now waging a contest in which a man wastes o; money, time, comfort, and self-respect, that he may wrest from real sorrow and discomfiture the B Shadow of a happiness which he' cannot grasp 3? .'when he has reached it. There is much wisdom a in the opinion expressed by a certain fox con- ~h «erning grapeB hanging out of distance ; but it is ! a a wisdom seldom acquired till the limbs are too ze Btaff to stretch for an efibrt-—till there is scarcely m a tooth left in the mumbling jaws to be set on w edge. & Tom Eyfe had allowed bis existence to merge m itself into another's. For months, as devotedly as di Bach natures can worship, he had been wor shipping his ideal in the person of Miss Bruce, xk I do not say that he was capable of that highest tl form of adoration yhich seeks in the first place a: . the unlimited sovereignty of its idol, and which w ,as being too good for them, women constantly di trndervalue- but I do say that he esteemed his In fair client the most beautiful, the ^nbst attrac- si ? tive, and the most perfect of her sex, resolving- ai g'tiiat for him she was the only woman in tihej ?world, and that in defiance of everything, even ei :her own inclinations, he would win her *- if he could. In Holbora there is always ai a hansom to be got at a short ' notice. 01 ? -3rosvenor Crescent* says Tom, shutting' th*e half ti .doors with a bang, and shouting bis orders le through the little hole in the top. So toGxos- hi venor Crescent h« is forwarded accordingly, at ?& the utmost speed attainable hy a. pair of high a . -wneels, a well-bred 'screw/ and a rough-looking driver with a flower in hie mouth.. ? d There are several peculiarities, all unreason- g able, many ridiculous, attending the demeanour * J «£ 'A man in love. Not the least eccentrio of these w JBre bis predatory instincts, nis tendency to prowl. Sub preference for walking over other modes of tcr iconreyance, and inclination to subterfugie, of tl ;-ivery kind as to' His. ultimate ' destination. Tom. -oi !Eyfe was going to Belgrave Square j wiyBhould al ?lie direct his driver t» set, him down, a quarter of b- a mile off P why overpay the man by a shilling ? in 'why wear down'the soles of- an exceedingly thin and elaborate ]raxr of boots on the hot, Lard «l pavement without compunction? Why? Be- hi cause he was in love. This was also the reason, -x no doubt,.that he turned red and white when he - approached the square railings; that his nose ai seemed to swell, his month got dry, bis bat felt ns too tight, and the rest of Ms attire too loose ior & 'ti* occasion ; also that he affected an unusuaijn- d« Hi-*Mt ia ifce Jnuinbers of the 4oprs, as though fe . iin*4ktatjng a ceremonious morning (Ball, -while all al :±he time his heart was tip^«t the labaxiiumB in us stfre centre of the sqnare gardens; at the feet iof a {hftnf^ltiyi T»»tTirjffr»iTia girl, dfessed'in. half -mourn- a jing, with the prettiest black-laced parasol to b^ ,jfduiid-on this side of ^bs Eue Castiglione, for ii ;love— of which, indeed, «e the gift of Mr. Eyfe, ii it ;i^atype— or money, wliicti, not hiving beea ^et^pa^Sm^itjxnMJiB^y^^aid. to.sg-rjgsdnt. m ?'.? ^That heart of bis -gave » bound Timen be«aw it 01 cjJnJiier,'B»mi as she saUed i^tthe foroadsgtaret- P '-ws3k-tx- let hhniiL. ' jjfo vrati *tobiifcrJiftfi|j*i^&oot; B self to observe that-the. colour -never deeperied-a a shade on her proui^ pale cheek j that the shapely hand, which 'fitted its pass-key to the lock, was firm as a dentist's, and the clear, cold voice that greeted him far steadier than hiaown. It is a choice of evils, after all* &is; favourite game of cross- purposes for two. To care more than the adversary entails woixy and vexation,; to care less makes a burden of it, and a boxe. ' Thank yon. so much for coming, Miss Brucej— Maud/ said Tom passionately. ' You never fail, and yet I always dread, somehow, that I -shall be disappointed.* ' I keep my word, We. Eyfe/ answered the young lady, with perfect self-possession ; ' and I am. quite as anxious as you can be, I assure you, I want to know how we are getting on/ He showed less discouragement than might have been expected. Perhaps he was used to the sang-froid, perhaps he rather liked it, believing it,- in his ignorance, a distinctive mark of class, not knowing — how should he ?— that, once excited, these thoroughbred oUes are, of ail racers, the least amenable to restraint. 'Iha*e bad news/ he said tenderly. 'Miss Bruce, I hardly like to tell you that I fear we cannot make out case enough to come into court. I took the opinion of the first man we have. I am sorry to say he gives it against us. I am not selfish/ he added, with real en-- lion, ' and I am eorry indeed, for your sake, dearest Miss Bruce.' He meant to have called ner ' Maud ;' but the beautiful lips tightened, and the delicate eye brows came down very straight over the deep eyes in which he had learned to read his fate. He would wait for a better opportunity, he thought, of using the dear familiar name. She took small notice of his trouble. * Has there been no mismanagement ?' eho asked, almost angrily i ' no papers lost ? no foul play r Have you done your best ?' ' I have, indeed/ he ansVered meekly. * After all, is it not for my own interest as much as yours ? Are they not henceforth to be in com mon ?' * She ignored the question altogether; she Eeemed to be thinking of something else. While they paced np and down a walk screened from the square windows by trees and shrubs already clothed in the tender, quivering foliage of spring, she kept silence for several seconds, looking straight before herwith a Bterner expression than he could yet remember to have seen on the face he adored. Presently she spoke in a hard, deter mined voice— 'lam disappointed. Yes, Mr. Eyfe, I don't mind owning I am bitterly and grievously dis appointed. There, I suppose if s not your fault, so you needn't look black about it, and I daresay you did the best you could afford at the price. Well, T don't want to hurt your feelings — your rery best, then. And yet it seems very odd — you irere so confident at first. Of course if the thing's :eally gone, and there's no chance left, if s folly to think about it. But what a future to. lose- — (rhat a future to lose. Mr. Eyfe, I can't' stay irith Aunt Agatha — I can't and won't. Bfow she iould ever find anybody to marry her. Me. Eyfe, speak to me. What bad I better do J' Tom would have given a round sum of money it that moment to recall one of the many imagin try conversations held with Miss Bruce, in which le had exhausted poetry, sontimeni., and forensic trdour for the successful pleading of his suit. Sow he could find nothing better to say than ihat he hoped she was comfortable with Mrs. i Stanmore, and anybody who didn't make Miss s Bruce comfortable must be brutal and wicked, s But — but — if it was really so — and she could be ; -ersuaded — why. Miss Bruce must long have j mown — ?' And here the voice of Tom, the i -lausible, the prudent, the self-reliant, degene rated to a husky whisper, because he f eltthat his ] rery heart was mounting to his throat. 1 Miss Bruce cut him exceedingly short. i ' You remember our bargain/ she said bitterly. 1 If yon don't I can remind you of it. Listen, t Mr. Kyi'o ; I am not going to cheat you out of - rour dues. You were to win back my fortune 3 rom the next of kin — this cousin who seems to i lave law on his side. You charged yourself with e he trouble — that counts for nothing, it is in the 1 ray of your business — with the costs, the ex- \ lenses — I don't know what you call them — these c rere to be paid out of the estate. It was all t lain wailing, if we had conquered ; and there was 1 n alternative in the event of failure. I accepted t L But I tell you, not till every strategem has 1 ?een tried, ©very stone turned, every resource a xhausted, do I acknowledge the defeat, nor — I a peak plain English, Mr. Eyfe — do I pay the I lenalty.' He turned very pale. 'You did not.' tip -» ^n- 1: one when we walked together iho-!-: ;?'? ? -?; ..-.- ? a. the avenue at Eccl'S'i -7 i. V - -. i-. -.n' cl oi' 1 our own accord, yi-i i:^«j-.i yju. dia,T &-iidpoor I !om, trembling all over ; ' and I have got your s romise in writing, locked up in a tin box- at .ome.' i She laughed a hard, shrill, laugh, not without t 3me real humour in it, at Ms obvious dis- j ress. ,- r 'Keep it safe In your tin box, she said, 'and c .on't be afraid when the time comes, that I shall c brow you over. Ah, what an odd thing money s 3 ; and how it seems able to do everything-. She j ras looking miles away now, totally uncpnsciou.; \ f her companion's presence. ' To me this fiv-2 or Lx thousand a year represents hope, enjoyment, s osition, all that makes life worth having. More, o 0 lose it is to lose my freedom, to lose all that j lakes life endurable.' s * And yon have lost it/ observed Tom doggedly. 1 le was very brave, very high-minded, very ^ hivalrous in any way j but he possessed tie truly tritish quality of tenacity, and did not mean to t e shaken off by any feminine vagaries where 3 nee he had taken'hold. « ' Et je payerais de ma. personne/ replied Miss £ truce scornfully. ' I don't suppose you know any a 'rench. You must go now, Mr. Eyfe j my maid's I tming back for me from the bonnet^ehop. Ican't e trusted, yon see, over BO yards of pavementand ii crossing by myself. The maid is walking with le now behind these lilac bushes, you inow; Her « ame is Eyfe. She is very cross and silent j she b ?ears a well-made coat, shiny boots, rather a a ood hat, and carries a nosegay as big as a cHm- '5 ey-sweep's — you can give it me if youl£ke~ I. -y aresay you bought it on purpose ?' How she could twist him and turn him at trill! si uree or four playful words like these, precious all fc le more that her general manner was so haughty n nd reserved, caused Tom to forget her pride, her 33 HniB, her various caprices, her too palpable in- . ifference to tiipiBolf , He offered the flowers with s umtble gratitude, ignoring resolutely the pre- t amption that ehe would jprobably throw them t sray before she reached her own door, ^ . s ' Good-bye, Miss. Bruce/ saidhe^bowing rever- -b atly over the slim hand she vouehsafedhinvand Sood-bye/ echoed #ie young lady, adding, with I abther of those hard little 'laughs that jarred so c a Tom'g iierves, ^ ' Come with, better .news.,. next « me, and tlon't give in while there's a chance y ?ft; depend upon it the money's better worth aving than the client. By the bye, I sent you £ card for Lady Qoldthred's this afternoon— only b stupid breakfast— -did you forget it?3 .'? « 'Are you going?' 'wturned Tom, with the k Louds clearing from bis 4-row. ^* Perhaps [yr& shall, if ifs fine/ w ilie Teply; v ijid now I can't -wait any longer. I'.ia^tforgpt y hat I told you^and do the best you can.-* * 4 o So Tom Eyfe departed from bis garden of Eden: v. ith sundry misgivings not entirely new to himj $. lat the fruit be took such pains jtp ripen for bi» H, orpaintedstoiiej perhaps, cold, smooth, .fend s eautiful, pgainst which hfe'couM rasp bis teetit i- 1 vain. ???'?'? ' : g The well-tutored .Puckers, -dressed , in faded; a pleudoui, and holding a brown paper parcel in ?- er hand, was -waiting foxier young lady at the ?'! irner of the sqnare. 4 While thus engaged she witnessedBrbaTgafavof % a unusual nature, apparently under extrabrdi- «l EBry^rSBiaro 61 ^ circumstances? A ragged boy, I rtabliflhed»*tb.e crossing, who had indeed ren- I ered himself conspicuous by bis endeavours to J irry Pocla^iov^diy^nbdj'-ffiaS accosted by a $ iabb^y-genteal f '1&fcj; ^mjjj^^.^ooA-looking J taniu tjift following -iraraacular-— . . * On this minntt;^iatfi|x, Buster^ two bob an* t bendfr,a^*iinr^rof*ye-wat9r,in?' t 'Done lor another joey/ replied Buster, with To le pTematMe ja«^ness of yduSi^oraging for f selrjoiihe stxeet*-ol 3-ondon. -„ . £ * Sone^ T6p4ate&£h04nan, puuinga handful of it lverfromhtopx-c&^mdsM«imiflffthebroomat i tickers nad'reoinnare$l^£o0tii^^^ astdnilnment, or |jj iusfcer conld TOW*-4«MJihe cornet ^ in iiui § iraction at ^MBd^JfeiiaaiJBfaw. 1 though jrfying bis implement-diligently, the mkn kept a sharp eye on .the squaregardens. When Tom Eyfe emerged through the heavy iron gate be whispered a deep and tyrrid curse, but Ms dark. eyes shone and his wnole face burned into a ruffianly kind of beauty,' when after a discreet pause, Miss Bruce followed the young lawyer through the same poriaL ; Then the man went to work- with his broom harder than ever. Not Sir Walter Ealeigh. spreading bis cloak at the reet of bis sovereign mistress lest they should take a speck of mud could have shown more loy alty, more --devotion than did Gentleman Jim sweeping for bare life', as Miss Bruce and her maid approached the crossing he had hire for the occasion. Maud recognised him at a glance. Not easily startled or surprised, she bade. Puckers walk on while she took a half-crown from her- purse and put it in the sweeper's hand, ' 'At least it is an honest trade/; said she, loofe inghim fixedly in the face. The man turned pale while lie received her bounty. . 'Is's not that, Miss/ he stammered; *Ifs not that — -I only wantedto get a look of ye. ? I only wanted to near the turn of your voice again. No offence, Miss, I'll go away now. O ! can't ye give a chap a job ? It's my heart's blood as I'd shed for you, free — and never ask no more nor a kind word in return i' She looked him over from head to foot once more and passed on. In that look there was neither surprise, nor indignation, nor scorn, only a quaint and somewhat' amused curiosity, yet this thief and associate of thieves quivered, as if it had been a sun-stroke. When she passed out of sight he bit the half-crown till it bent, and hid it away in his breast-. * I'll never part -with ye/ said he, ' never j' unmindful of poor Dorothea, going about her work tearful and forlorn. Gentleman Jim, uneducated, besotted, half-brutalised as he was, had yet drunk from the cup that poisons equally the basest and noblest of our kind. A well-dressed, good-looking young man, walking on the other side of the square, did not fail to witness Tom Eyfe's farewell and Maud's interview with the crossing sweeper. He, too, looked strangely disturbed, pacing up and down an adjoining street, more than once, before he could make up his mind to ring a well-known bell. Verily Miss Bruce seemed to be one of those ladies whose destiny it is to puzzle, -worry, and interest every man with whom they come in contact. CHAPTEE VIL DICK STAKMOEE. Shb had certainly succeeded in puzzling Dick Stanmore, and already began to interest him. The worry would surely follow in due tame. Dick was a fine subject for the scalpel — good- humoured, generous, single-hearted, with fault Less digestive powers, teeth,' and colour to corres pond, a strong tendency to active exercise, and such a faculty of enjoyment, as, except in the highest order of intellects, seldom lasts a man over thirty. Like many of his kind, he send he hated London, but lived there very contentedly Erom April to July, nevertheless. He was fresh, just at present, from a good scenting 3eason in Leicestershire, followed by a sojourn on the Tweed, in which classical river he had im proved many shining hours, wading waist-deep under a 20-foot rod, any number of yards of line, and a fly of various hues, as gaudy, and but little smaller than a cock pheasant. Now he had been a, week in town, during which period he met Miss Bruce at least once every day. This constant intercourse is to be explained in a few words. Mrs. Stanmore, the Aunt Agatha with whom' Maud expressed herself so unwilling to reside, was a eister of the late Mr. Bruce. She had married a widower with one son, bhat widower being old Mr. Stanmore, defunct, fchUt son being Dick. Mrs. Stanmore, in the snjoyment of a large jointure (which rather im poverished her etep-son), though srbitrai-y and inpleasant, was a woman of generous instincts, so offered Maud a home the moment she earned her niece's double bereavement; yhich home, for many reasons, heiress -r no heiress, Miss Bruce felt constrained 0 accept. Thus it came about that she found lerself walking with Tom Eyfe en cachette in he square gardens; and, leaving them, reoog lised the gentleman whom she was to meet it luncheon in ten minutes, on whose intellect bt least, If not his heart, she felt pretty sure she lad already made an impression. ' I won't show her up/ said Dick to his neatest -oots, while he scraped them at bis mother's door ; but I should like to know who that bumptious ooking chap is, and what the h. — 11 she could lave to say to him in the square gardens all the ame/ Mr. Stanmore's language at the luncheon-table, t is needless to say, was far less emphatic than ,hat which relieved his feelings in soliloquy; ior was he to-day quite so talkative as lsuaL His mother thought him silent (he always sailed her ' mother/ and, to do her justice, she sould not have loved her own Boh better, nor icoldod him oftener, had sue possessed one) ; ilisF i vmr-e v-ntf.d him stupid and sulky, -She told ? A. ia -. ? i-y »!;?--' -.:-! ; if you please, and ' no bread :auce/ said the young lady, in her calm, imperi -us manner. ' Don'tf orget I hate bread sauce, if ron mean to come here often to luncheon; and do ay something. Aunt Agatha can't, no more can 1 Eecollect -we've got a heavy afternoon before is/ AuntAgatha^lwayscontradictied. 'Notheavier han any other breakfast, Ma-ud/Baidsheseverely. fou did'nt think that tea at the Tower heavy last reek, nor the ghosts ia the mess-room of the Hues. Lady Goldthred's an old friend of male, ,nd it was very kind of her to ask us. Besides, Hole's xsoming down in the barouche/ Maud's face brightened, and be sure, Dick saw b brighten. ' That accounts for it/ said she, -wiSi the rare mile in her eyes ; 'and he thinks we sha'n't let lira smoke, so lie sulks beforehand, grim, grave, ,nd eilent as a ghost. Mr. Stanmore, cheer up. fou may smoke the -whole way. down. Fll give ou leave.' ' - 'Nonsense, my dear/ observed Aunt Agatha ternly. * He don't want to do anything of the ind. What have you been about, Maud, all the Homing ? I looked for you everywhere to help ne with the visiting-list/' -'Puckers and' I took' a '?constitutional/' an* were'd Miss Bruce unblnsbrDgly. 'We wanted o do' some shopping.* But Her dark eyes stole owards Dick, and, although his never jnet them, he felt satisfied he haa 'witnessed her interview dtiTiom Eyfe in the^eqnare gardens. ,. ' I saw yon. both coming in, Miss Bruce/ said Dick, breaking the awiward . r pause -which buc eeded Maud's mis-statement. ! I think Puckers rears twice as smart a bonnet as yours. I hope ?6u»© not offended.**' ? ? v . ?-???-. ???? , . Again that sniile from the dark eyes.,, Dick elt, and perhaps shemesnt him to feel, -Qiat he tad lost nothing in her good opinion Ijy ignoring ven.to herself that whiob. she wished to keep un aiown.* ' ;»?'???? .' -. : ?' ? '?' j.! 'I think you've very little taste in bonnets,' whatever you may have in faces/ answered the; ounglady^ 'andlthinklBhallgo and put one; -n now that wiUmaWyou eat your words humbly; rhen I appear in it on the lawn at Lady Gold-j hred's.' 0 *I have no doubt lihere won't be a dry eye in be place/ answered ©ieii looting after her, as he left the room* w^th -undisguised admiration, a bis honest face— TOtb. something warmer and' weeter than admiratiaa creeping and gathering: iboutbiBTieatfc./;:':;' :':;?;;!. :,.,). ?????r:^'--r I -So they «31 wenfc-dowii together in the barouche, Met fitting witit W9 baoTc to tiie horsesyMia raSng bis fill on^the yocng beauty opposite, ooking bo cooV and fair in her fresh sunimer Iraperies, so ^torougbly in keeping Tpith the ight and Bparkle. ot. everything 'larouiid-^-the inHianfc eunsbine, tiie spring f obage, 13ie yary m ironery,'.«vett t^ ^fcxajni^rjB^glttterof ha, %etL Bppbinibea caajage, 'ana Iffie, plated lamesB on iSie* horses.- -?*. , ?,\\-^.'-.i-.v. ?/ '-? '- --i^.'V: , PiCUS ~ OC0QSXGCL ^^ vFJLiiu 't(iB-f,*gDiUU2!D0ni. „ OSdEBS OI 'j?T* wmJrer'sbopfct mS&-^riBbiak»oiaiSix^ici a aiew ibusemaid j ^Va!it^#i^fife' vagjiM^tch^f fas «haperOii *»H^wjt^^iw^iyBi''^f^«^gf'i'«M - jw©-' 1 was . dKtaabeMv'fe5net''!^3tJS :5freOtXrifr «ie j morning, and; indeed, iar theiiourse.pf her daily j life, resolved -to accept i thehf!&uigible; advantages of tiie present, nor scirupledtoshow that she en joyed fresh air, fine weather, and pleasant com pany. Dick, stimulated by her presence, and never disinclined to gaiety of spirit, exerted him self to be agreeable, pouring forth a continuous stream of that, pleasant' nonsense ^wMoh 3b the only style of conversation endnrable in the pro cess o&riding;* driving, or other jerking means of locomotion, -.'.'.' . _ . It is only -when bis 8nitr- has prospered that a man feels, utterly idiotic and moonstruck in the presence' of. the ' woman ..be^ adores. Why- when life is scarce endurable but atTher side, he should become a'lipre in her presence, k only another intricacy 'in the!3nanypuzzlesifchat constitute the labyrinth of love. So long as he flutters unsinged about its fiame, the moth, is all the happier for the warmth of the. .candle, all the livelier for the inspiration of its rays.' DickStan more, turning into the .Kensington road, -was the insect basking in -those bright, .?alluring, .beams ; but Dick Stanmore on the further side of Kew felt more like the same' insect Tv-heit its wings have been already shrivelled and ite powers of flight destroyed in the temerity of ite adoration. Still it was pleasant,; very pleasant. She looked eo beautiful, she. smiled 'so kindly, always with her eyes,, sometimes with the perfect- higa bred mouth ; she entered so gaily into his-gossip,! his fancies, his jokes, allowing him to hold- her parasol and arrange her shawls with such sweet ness and good-humour, that Diet felt quite sorry to reach tie Portugal laurels and trim lawns of their destination, when the drive was over from which he had derived this new .and unforseen gratification. Something- warned him that- in. accordance with that rule of compensation which governs all terrestial matters, these delights -were too keen to last, and there must surely be annoyance and vexation in store to complete the afternoon. . His first twinge originated m the marked admi ration called forth by Miss Brace's appearance at the very outset. - She had -scarcely made her salaam to Lady Goldthred, and passed on. through, billiard-room, library,' and verandah,'to the two dwarfed larches and half -acre of mown grass which constitute the wildernes. pf a suburban villa, ere Dick felt conscions tiathis could be no monopoly of adoration. Free trade -was at onoe declared by glances, whispers, and inquries from a succession of well-dressed young gentlemen, wise doubtless in their own conceit^ yet not wanting in that worldly temerity which impels fools to rush in where angels fear to tread, and gives the former class of beings, in their dealings with that j sex which is compounded of both, an immeasur able advantage over the latter. Miss Bruce had' not . traversed 'the archery ground 25 feet, from target to target, on her way to the refreshment tent, ere half-a-dozen' of the household troops, a bachelor^ baronet, dud the richest young commoner of bis year were ' pre sented by her host, at their own earnest request^ Dick's high spirits -went down like the froth, in a glass of soda-water, and he fell b&ck;'disconraged^ to exchange civilities with Lady Goldthred. That excellent woman, dressed, painted,, and. wound-up for the occasion, was volubly delighted with everybody ; and' being by nb^neaus sure of Dick's identity, dashed the more cordiality into, her manner, while careful not to commit herself by venturing on his name. ' So good of you to come/ she fired it at 'him as she had fired it at fifty others, 'all this distance from town, and euch a hot day, '.to see 'my poor little place. But isn't it pretty, now ? And are we not lucky in the weather ? And weren't you Bmothered in dust coming down? And you've brought the beauty with you too. I declare Sir Moses is positively smitten. Fm getting quite jealous. Just look at him now. But he's not the only one, thaf s a comfort.' Diek did look, wondering vaguely why tbe sun shine should have failed all at ones. ,Sir Moses, a little bald personage, in a good-humoured fuss, whom no amount of inexperience could have taken for anything but the ' man of the house.' was paying the utmost attention to Miss Brace, bringing her tea, placing a camp stool for her that she might see the archery, and rendering her generally those hospitable services .which it had been his lot to waste on many less attractive objects during that long sunny afternoon. ' Sir Moses is always so kind,' answered Dick vaguelr, ' and nobody's breakfasts are bo pleasant as yours, Lady Goldthred/ ' I'm too glad you think so/ answered jhis hostess, who, like a good-hearted woman as she was,-, took enormous pains with these festivities, congratulating herself, when she 'washed off her rouge, and doffed her robes of ceremony at idgh-fc* that she had got through the great penance of her year. ' You're always sogood-natared; ? But I do think men like to come here. . The ^country air, you know, and the scenery, and plenty of pretty people. Now, there's Lord Beat-warden — look, he's talMng to Miss Bruce, under the cedar — he's actually driven over from Windsor, and though he's a way of being so fine and blase, and all that, he don't looked much bored at this moment, does he ? ' Twenty thousand a year they say, and been everywhere and done everything. Now, I fancy, he wants ' to marry, for he's much older, you know, than he looks. To hear him you'd think he was a hundred, and broken hearted into the bargain.. For my part, I've no patience with a melancholy man ; but then I'm not a young lady. You know' him, though of course/ ^ Dick's reply, if he made one, was drowned in a burstof brass music that deafened people at intervals throughout the afternoon, and Lady Goldthred's attention wandered to fresh arrivals, for whom, with fresh smiles and untiring energy she elaborated many more remarks of a similar tendency, . - ?'??.? Dick Stanmore did know Lord Bearwarden, as every man about London knows every, other man leading the same profitable life. ' There were many whom he would -have preferred as rivals ; but thinking he detected signs- of wearMess on Maud's face (it had already ;come to this, that he studied her countenance, and winced to see it smile on anyone else), he crossed the lawn, that he might fill the place by her gide, to which he considered himself as well entitled as another. . ' . '' ' ' ', . His progress took some little time, what -with bowing to one lady, treading on the dress of another, and parrying the 'attack of a third who ?wanted him to give her daughter a cup of tea* ao that by the time Dick, reached her Loi$ Beaiv warden had left Miss Bruce to the., attentions of another guest, more smart than gfentlenianlike, in whose, appearance there was something inde finably out of keepiiig -witi: the Jest.- Eli^k started. It was the man with -whonvhe hadseen Maud walking before luncheon in-thle1 s«[UBS».^'^ People/were pairing for' £fjianee on ^h^'iawn, and Mr.' Stanmore, -wedged 'in ' by ' blockfe of beauty and mountains of ttwisKtij oould neiiker advance nor retreat..' It was no fault -of bis that he overheard Miss Brace's conversation mth.- the stranger. ?''?'..'?. V ' ' ' ' ? ' ' '.'' /*'''i ' Will you dance with, me ?' said' the Litter, in » whisper of suppressed ^oger, rather than the tone of loving entreaty wit3i which it is customary to urge this pleasant request. - ----- — .— -«-^-~. ... 'Impossible 1 ' answered Maad;snergetica3iyj. ' I'm engaged' toLord Bearwaraeri— 4t's the lda cers, and he's only gone -to make tip the set/ The man ground his teeth and knit iis brojns. ' You seem tb-forget/ iemnitered—-' you carry it off 'with too high a himd! -I^TO^a' righi % bid you dance -with* me. I nafre^a' iight^f I chose, to jorder you down; i?- the river there and row you.back to Putney witii tiie tide % and I -will, I Swear, if yon provoke nie too far/ j-J' 'Icf'rs^ She seemed to keep her temper with^ an effort. \- 'Do be patient/ she whispere^gl^lpjngiound' at the bystanders. ' 'Surely you can trust me. Hushl nereoomes LbrdiBearwarderu*;*?.' '? ;:?.-?? - '; And taking., that nobleman's .arm, she walked; off with, a ?mournful pleactrng look^ at her late) compauiou, which, pcSor^Dick^ Stanmore would have . given-worlds to ib^reseen directed jbctJuni-; Passage of ? aims between ' Aldarinea ' OhabBSa and Alderman Deaa at &e; Cifer ^OonnoiJ, ,, Smdsfmsf said he -was ,_ snrprised : at. » * ? -whtteMmofcewa** elder of ito chu«& doi^b&fcaibthinm;'a^^oSmw; ^»^^ASJl^g^^g^^gj 