, TO CORRESPONDENTS. We destroy letters unaccompanied by the rsal name and address of the writer, which are required not necessarily for publication but as a gaarantee of good faith ' Civis.' — Commnnicato the facts to Mr. Bimsav. We can do nothing without more information. 'E G.,'referrii)gtoananswerto ' Constant t-uo- c«4w ?? !»!«_ ' Tn Itehm and Wasner's population statistics the population of Hie won* is given ™ i4«n45S0O divided as follows:— Europe, i!2,So?S, &0.000; Africa. 205 219,500; iSraiia akd Polynesia, 4,411,300 ; and America, ^ C*U'— We thank you for your note. 'A'Shaeehoi:per-v— It was no use publishing your letter aft«r the meetinghad been held. 'Pesti.15' writes— 'Among the many dangers arisine fiflin cesspfts is one most senons because Snsuipected. I allude to the practfco frequent in tbeeariv days of the colony of covering over with earth ait overfilled cesspit rather than incur the expense of removing the- contents. The property may be sold and the place built over, enclosing a source of pestilence to future occupants.' ' A. P.'— Many of the privileges enjoyed by Lords of the Manor in England were very curious. For instance, the Lord of the Manor of Oafcham, But landsbire, was entitled to demand from every peer passing through bis domain a, shoe from one of his lorses or its equivalent in money. The ruins of the old castle of Oakbani, bunt in the reign of Henry II, about 1154, are covered with horseshoes ob tsined in this way. v ' A.B.C.**— N o. When a card has been played it must remain on the table. ' J. McIkebnet.'— The meaning of an advertised race, is a race the particulars of which have been advertised in a newspaper circulating in the district where the race takes place. When a racing calen dar is published the advertisement should also appear in the calendar. 'A. W. Purrn.'— The best remedy for- a dog suffering from distemper that we know of is to frequently dose it with sulphur and castor oil pills, and to give it wholesome strengthening food. There arc many other remedies, but the one. mentioned, is the simplest, and as a role has proved effective. 'Cms.'— WehaTeno objection to pablisha letter with rour name attached to it. 'Sxatheuj' asks— 'Are there- no means of making the Orient Company pay for the Govern ment barge last at the stranding of the Soratoat Cape Jerns ? She was lent to the company in good faith, and by some neglect irretrievably tost. She cost the Government £6,000, and never a penny has been recouped.' '. « f±_ p.' ? xt the unanimous invitation of the Skuptschina the Prince of Serria accepted on the 6th of March the Boyal dignity with the style and title of King Milan I. of Servia. 'BrANCHErowN.'— Son had better write- to Vic toria. No advertisement of the winning numbers has appeared in these columns. ' M. C.'— Of the coal exportsof the United King dom for 1880 the largest amount— S,566,71T tons, valued at £1,473,211, went to France, and the next largest amount — 2,202,803 tons, valued at £816,616, went to Germany. . - ' S«b.,' asks if -there is any cure for scaly or scabby tegs in fowls. He says :— ' It commences attlietoesand goeanpto the hocks. I have tried fcerosine and lard in liquid form.' 'Fowl Breeder' in reply writes:— 'Scaly legs in fowls may be cured by bathing the legs in Inke warm water twice a day, and rubbing them with sulphur ointment.' ? ., . . _ , . 'Redhhi.'— Six hundred mites by Hasael in America. ,,,,_- 'DnEMHi.'— A common way of bleaching ivory is to immerse it for a short time in water, slightly mixed with sulphuric acid or chlorine, Yon can1 remove ink-stains from it by repeatedly washing it with & solution of quadrozalate,of potassa in water. 'Asiateob-'— It is stated that one of the surest ?means of rearing young turkeys is to give them plenty of boiled milk. For a brood of eight a quart a day wUlJbe sufficient. . 'O. T.'— Tho name of the man who deceived more than twenty London doctors some years ago, was given as Charles Thorpe, bnt it is probable that this was not his real name. The disease he simu lated was tetanus and not consumption. The hos pitals he visited were St. Bartholomew's (twice), University College (twice), and St. George's Hos pital, Charing Cross, and one at Chatham. Besides ether doctors he deceived eleven hospital physicians and surgeons, and amongst the remedies he took were opium, morphia, Calabar bean, belladonna, bromide of potassium, iodide of potassium, chloro form, and hydrate of chloral 'in enornionsquau tities.' Thorpe was well educated and remarkably intelligent, and lie kept up for a long time appear ances of spasms of rigidity, just as though he had been poisoned by strichnyne. The of tener he pre tended tetanus, the better he simulated it, and whenever the medical men attending him alluded to the absence of any special symptom he would always exhibit it when opportunity offered. He got ' bis temperature' raised, to 102% by hiding the thermometer with the bnlb close to a small lamp, and on one occasion he got off taking some of his medicines by proposing marriage to his nurse. Eventually Thorpe found himself a wealthy as well as a healthy individual, and it may be added that he made handsome recompense to the institutions that had sheltered him. .' Sunn's Meadows.— If all the- fat and pieces of flesh be carefully scraped off kangaroo skins there is little difficulty in curing them so as to be nsefnl for rags by robbing in either alum, salt, or wood&sfces;, provided they be properly stretched. For tanning them with bark the following is recom mended as a good recipe : — Chop wattlebark into short pieces and bruise it on a log or block, boil in water for about four hours, then strain the liquor into a tub or trough. Lay the skins in the liquor flesh side up, mafcing sure to wet every part. Leave them, in forabont three days, then take them oat and wring tbem as you would clothes ; spread on a board, and scrape with a blunt knife, tatinir off all loose cuticle and flesh. Lay them as before in another tub ; leave them two days, then wring and scrape as before. Next put them in the liquid again and leave them one day ; wring and scrape as before. Lay them on a line in ashed till they are dry, taking care not to leave them too long. Take them down whan they are as firm as shoemakers' leather ; lay them on a board and rub the inside with a brick for about two minutes. The skins will then be fit for making an excellent rng. The wattle is an acacia. ' D. McCahtht,' writing with reference- to the tragedy in Phoenix Park, says:— 'I have often de fended to a certain extent the action of my country men in the brawling with their landlords, bnt I am very mnch afraid that this cruel and bloodthirsty deed will greatly lessen my sympathy with' regard to future acts in my native country ; that is if this deed has been done by trneborn Irishmen, who are members of the Catholic Church.' He goes on to .say that it was a pity that Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke were not cautioned by the authorities not to expose themselves unless they were armed, and adds :— ''The parties who committed the outrage, whoever they may be, are enemies to Ireland, and such men are the murderers of a bleeding and dis tracted country.' .... . , ?? B. C — Previous to the recent reductions in the Vatican establishment, the total number of persons who resided there, or were immediately connected witli it, was 537. The Pope, Major-Domo, Grand Almoner, and other principal officers numbered 14 ; the Secretary of State's establishment, 29; palace administration, 13 ; secret printing-office, S; and the apostolic ante-chamber had a dean, 23 couriers, 3 orderlies, and 3 servants. Besides these the Pope bad a valet and six other servants, and there were 200 men in the Swiss guard and Pontificial gendar merie, of whom 23 were married. ' A. M. T.'— Gale's best performance was 1.50D miles in 1,000 consecutive hours. ' Constant Beader,' Port Adelaide. — Wecannot give a positive answer, but we belfre in Gippaland, Victoria. „ - 'C.C'— The Bev.. Isaac Hanks, for many years pastorof the Independent ChapelatMahnesbnry, fell down dead jnst as he had given out his tef^one Sunday evening, about seven years ago. Strange to say liis test was — 'But man dieth, and wasteth away ; yea, man giveth. up the ghost, and where is 'Austbalux.'— The first section of the Nairne railway will probaby be opened about next Christ mas. 'Benedict.'— The registrar's fee for a marriage licence is £3, bnt there is nothing to regulate the charges made by ministers. 'Kesident.' — The Ardrossan jetty is 1,425 feet ' j. Straw.' — The doctor takes the higher 'J 15* S.'— Mr. Coleman's Crystal has won only one Corinthian Cup' in. Adelaide. He ran a dead head for third place in the second Corinthian Cap for which he started. ' T. L.'— The Earl of Norbury was murdered near - his own house, Kilbeggan, Connty Meath, Ireland, on January 1, 1839. The assassin was nerer dis covered, though a -reward of £1 ,000 with an annuity of £100 was offered for his apprehension. ?' Enquirer,' North. — 1. The Insolvency Act re quires that the meeting of creditors shall be called bv the debtor, and that the creditors shall have three clear days' notice of the time and place of meeting. The chairman of the meeting is ths person to decide whether the time and place of such meet ing are convenient for the majority of the creditors. 2\. The present time of the year is the best for lopping gumtrees. '^J. G. Schake.'— A Id. stamp is not sufficient for a letter containing a receipt such as yon describe. 'Circulars, i.e., letters printed, engraved, or litlio graved, addressed in identical terms to several persons, imine and date only being allowed to be written in ink, can passat parcelrates if unenclosed, or in covers open at both ends, so as to admit of inspection.' 'A. K. Whtiby' writes with reference to an in ' formation preferred against him in the Terowie court by Mi. E. J. Eyre, staling that it wa* with drawn, and denying the allegation that lie appeared at the Local Court office in a state of intoxication. It is agairist our rule to publish letters commenting on court cases. 'Bobem Mitcheix.' — We cannot supply the information. ' W. B. AXFORB.' — We have already published a letter sayine substantially what you say. You should have written earlier. 'G. B.' — Cloture means a fence, an enclosure, and a closing- It is pronounced 'klotur.' Several of the leading English papers use the form 'closure.' ' A. Bcrtos,' writes correcting a football report. He states that the match Kensington v. Prince Alfred College, resulted as follows: — Kensington, two goals ; Prince Alfred College, one goal and seventeen bebinds. 'B. Welcome.'— You cm obtain the desired infoimat'ou from 'The Australian Handbook' for 1SS2. The cond'tions a-e too voluminous to repro duce. ' Sailor.'— The Queen's yacht is the Victoria and Albeit; captain. Frank T. Thomson; com mander, Swintow C. Holland. ' Justice,' Gawler.— What is yourname? ' E. McEvor.'— Darriwell ran the quickest two miles in the colony, the time being 3 niin. 30| sec3. 'BiEBRfCH Haveiceh.'— Ton liad better have the correction made through the Government Ga:ette. 