ULSTER FOLK-LORE. vmt mtsknv htb *wn ibe Bvn. ete THE collector ot folk-lore in Ulster finds many supeiftti'.ions brought from 'Scotland »y the settlers, as .veil aa tegenda and fancies »ecnlfar to the IrUh population. The laktar cousin principally ot ratry tales ana ghost atnriet, many of them vary poetfoil and graceful ; and the former chiefly of snpen^i tions reKarding'good and bad; luck, and talcs? of witchcraft, which are more weird than; poetical. Bat u the two raws have mingled in tbe course of three sentaries, «o their folk-lore; has lost something of Its distinct character istics, thoach preserving them ia the main.' Thus the Presbyterian will sometimes 1*11 of his adventure with th« fairies, and the Romaa Catholic will assure you that the butter has been apbUad out of bis churn by a ?? witch-wife.' Most old and middle-aged people of the cottier clan WUliter have strong ideas on the subject of lack. . To enter a houte where churning is in progress without washing yoar b»nd*f taking the chnra-Btaff in them, and ' giving the churn a brash,' U thought the acme of Ignorance ; and on leaving the hoaee it is de riguear that you should s»y, 'God bless your churn, an' gie you the good of your milk an' batter.' If a neigh bour comes in to borrow a coal or turf, and neglects this formula, he lays himself open to the worst suspicions, and the people of the bouse will be sure to throw a plach of salt into the churn as soon as hia backii turned. 1 To receive alms without blessing both giver and gift is considered very .wrong. The present writer was in her kitchen lately when a beggar was helped by the servants, and she was surprised to see the cook run after the woman and bring her back. The cook explained the proceeding thus. 'She took we'er meal an' praties, ma'am, an' she didna bid God blesa we'er house an' place. She'll just bless the house an' place before I let her go.' A certain old pedlar, a kind of Edie Ochiltree, welcomed alike in cabin and farmhouse for his story-telling powers, was g'ven a little jugful of sweet milk one day, with whicn he was leaving the house much pleased. Two children ran to the door as be crossed the room, and startled him so that he let the jug fall. His joy was turned into lamentation, and he angrily complained that the children bad ' blinked' his milk. 'He thinks it lucky to meet a horse and eart when he is setting out upon a journey, and will wait, leaning bis pack against a ditoh, for an hour until one appears in Bight. He earns all the tobacco he smokes by curing elf-shot animate, and bis skill is widely believed in. The Down asd Antrim peasants on their way to fair or market will turn back if they meet a red-haired woman. Tbe people of Tyrone acd Armagh think it quite »b un laoky if the first person they eneonater should happen to be a barefooted women. Others are uneasy if snybody tuns across their path, or takes a short out ; and others again are miserable if a neighbour should make any remark about the animal they have purchased, without praising it and wishing the owner luek of it. Old people say that the proper thing to do on meeting a fine horse or oow ia to lay your hand upon it, saying, ' Dear, but tbou'e tbe party boree or oow ! God gie you luek wi' it' In Borne counties no well-minded persons will make any remark whatever about any neighbour in bis or her presence without adding, ' God bless you.' This custom has reference to belief in a greedy eye. There are people by whom it is not good to be admired. The fate of Bonnie Bosie Carlin is still told in Letterkenny with eighs and shakes ef the head. RoBie was etunaing at her father's hearth when a poor farmer from a distant perish came in to btg a little eeed coin to bow bis l»ud. He was given what he asked, bat he eliti stood at tbe door staring at fiosie and muttering, 'Diar. bat she's handsome — dear, but ehe's handsome !' but as her parents after wards remembered, without sayicg, 'God bless her. ' The sequel to his admiration was most disastrous. R^eie had b^en plump and strong, and rosy like her samo ; sue began to pine away from taat moment, lost flesh aud colour, and died soon afterwards. We asked the woman who told this story why the poor farmer's glance had been ao fatal. ' He was one that had a greedy eye,' was the answer. '-' There's them tbat has a greedy eye ; an' if they look at a nice wean, or a handsome girl, or a cow wi9 a good show of milk, some ill will be sure to follow; an' it'll be no fault of theirs for they canna help it. It was the fault of their mothers for half weaning them an' then giving the breast back to them when -hey cried an' fretted an' kept them frae their sleep There's plenty of mothers does that, an' the poor child has a greedy eye ever after. There was a farmer, a very respectable man, a neighbour of my own, an* his wife wouldna let him eee his cbilder till they were six weeks old, bis eye was that unlucky, an' him that fond of them he was just doting about them. If the people wad meet him, an' them going to eell a beast, they'd turn back, an' feen a bargain they'd try to strike that day. They wouldna like to see him cross their fields or look at their crops; but there was very little said about it, the man was that respectable.' A Kilmacrenan woman tells the follow ing story of another of these unlucky people: ' There was a man owned a good farm of land an' lived hot an' full. Bat it was noticed that things went wrong «i* him, an' he couldna look at a single thing he had without doing it harm. His wife would ha* made him lie wi' his face to the wall till she riz the cbilder in the morning an' give them their breakfast, for if he'd ha' looked at them an' them fasting, some thing unfortunate would ha* occurred to. them. It was the sam« wi' his cows an' horses, till he nearly stopped going into his fields. The woman was a second cousin of my own, an' Bhe tould me how it was he was cured.' ' Why, Bell, I did not think a cure was possible.' ' There is cures, miss dear, an' this was how it happened -. He hired a boy frae the Sheriffs Mountain — they're very know ledgable in them back countries — an' the boy heered the way it was wi' the master. He was ploughing soon after he come, an' he sent for the master to see what be bad done. The man was na willing to come ; but the boy Bent again an' fieeched him out, an' while he was coming he set np a big stone in the field, for he knowed that the first tiling the man's eye lit on wad be the thing the harm wad be done to. Weel, as I was sayin', the master come out, an' his eye lit on the stone first, an* it split in two wi' a loud noise. I ha' seen the stone mysel' — split in two paerts- The man was cored, an' his eye never did any harm after that.' Tae evil eye is a very much worse thing ;han the greedy eye, because it baa been gained by a compact with the enemy of nankind. 'There isna as many witches now as here used to be in times gone by,' said an jld man the other day. He possessed a fine cow, and over the oom that served him for a dairy he bad tailed a large horseshoe to keep witches md fairies away. Observing the horae hoe, and knowing very well why it was here, we took the opportunity of asking if ritchoraft was active in the country just hen. 'There was witches an*, warlocks in lenty when I was a wee boy,' said D&vie;, but ttwe iena many oV tfcem new. Maybe because the scriptures is spread abroad, and the people ima just as ignorant as they nsed to be* Iffe allowed the bad man hasna the same power. WiU I tell yon what happened, to iny grand father's own knowledge, at i.the graveyard-' wall, near St. Johnston ?v - 'Please do, Davie,' and we composed our features to the gravest attention. ' There was an Bllie Connolly that bad a bad name in the country, an* it was said she could tak* all shapes she pleased when she went out marauding an' stealing. Whiles she'd be a cat or a hare, an' suck the cows in the byres or in the fields. My, grandfather wae acquaint wi* her, an often, be'd ha' gone into her house for a light for the pipe. '. Ke was passing the graveyard- wall one evening, him an' a little dog be bad, when a cat leaped down frae the wall 'an' attacked bis dog. She snarled aa* scratched, an' barked, an' yelped; but my grand father seen that bis dog was getting the worst of it, eo he aimed a stone at the cat, an' she limped off mewing maist pitiful. , ' It was the next day he was passing Ellie Connolly's, an' he went in as usual for a crack an' a light for the pipe. 'Where's your mother?' says he to the daughter that was spinning in the kitchen. ' She's in the room there,' Bays she. ' An* why is she in the zoom P' says he. ' She's tying/ Bay6 &he;, *Wb just eick she is.' ' What's her sickness f ' says he. - Fll sot tell you,' eays Bhe; if a no business e* yourn.' 'Troth, it is my business,* Bays he, 'for your mother an* me's very big. I be to ax her what way .she is. The daughter tould him be wouldna get seeing her mother, an' she got up an* stood jsefore the room-door, but my grandfather pushed her away, an' went np to the bed where Ellie was lying. 'What is it ails you; Ellie ?' eaya he. ' Sore-yon see I'm sick, Davie Doherty .* ' Ay, but what ails you ?' says he, for he juped (i.e. suspected) what it was, an* wi' that he pulled down the clothes an' seen that her arm was lying broken. 'What done that on you, Ellie P Siiys he. 'Oh, D»vie Doherty, Davie Dohertj,' saya she, 'weren't you the bar-i«c«d man to hit me wi' a stone an' break my arm V ' Way did yoa attack my dog then, Eiiie?' says be. Weel, she was forced t- give up her bad ways after that, an' the neiguooois got milking an' churning in peaoe ; but there was nae mair pleminess in her house ; it was like other poor cottier houses in the country.*' ' How did she get tbe power to turn herself into a eat ?' we asked. ' Some Bays,' replied tbe old man, rub bing his head and looking reflective, 'that witohee touch their beads an* the soles ol their feet on Midsummer Night's eve, an* gie themselves up to the Evil One for a year an' a day, sayin' some words o' a charm.' ' Do yon know the words ?' « God forbid, ma'am I But others says they go out on May morning before sunrise, an* trail a rope, made of hair frae the cows tails, over the grass while the dew is on it, singing: 'Come all to me, oome all to me, milk an' butter eome to me.' 'Deed my . grandfather seen them at it, an1 he was a man that wouldna ha' told a lie no more nor the clergy in the pulpit' ?? fm sure of it, Davie. It was be who broke Ellie Connolly's arm, wasn't it 1' 11 Ay, ma'am, it was. As I was eayin', be saw two anld wives, neighbours that he knowed rightly, trailing a rope along tbe grass, an' he heered them singing :— ' ' Come all to me, come all to me, Milk an* batter come to me.' ''Would yons steal weer butter frcm as V says be, an' wi' that be jumps over the hedge 'an' snatches at the rope. He pulled an' they pulled, an' half o* the rope came away in his hands. The scare was that big on him that he didna stop to eee what they'd do next, but home wi' the pieoe o' iope, an* throwed it down in a corner o' bis father's house. The'd one cost near calving, an' it was only a wee drop she was giving, but that morning there was a quare milking. My grand father was a wee chiel then, but he minded it to his dying-day. He saw his mother fill piggin after piggin, an' pail after pail, till all the vessels in the house was full. She was quarely frightened, an' when he told her about the rope, she throwed it on the fire, for ehe said eh'e ha' no witches' wark in that house.' Variations of the same tale meet us in every county in Ulster. Sometimes the witch is hunted in the form of a hare for a whole winter. A large black hue baffUd the Darry harriera for aa entire uaion aome yean ago, and the country people aald it was no wonder she escaped, for the was no real hare — she was eld F*nay OalUghan, and the devil helped her. A white hare lived for many years on the iriand of Inch, is DnaegaJ. Sae disappeared In 1858, the year Base Martin, the ?' white wife,' died. Sometimea the bare Is seen making her way to a cottage, and there the acent ia lost. The huntsman ot tbe Talljrannan harriers is reported to have aeen a hare escape from the very jawa of (he bounds and make for a hole in the wall of a cabin. Unable to believe hia eyes, and trembling with flupentitious dread, tbe man dismounted and went into the house, where he found no living creature of any dlscrlption excepting Dan Murphy, the shoemaker, lying on his bed panting, unable to apeak from loaa of breath, and I bleeding from a wound In hia leg which I looked like the bite of a dog. A county Antrim woman tells the fol- I lowing story : { ' Francis Dillon had three cows on bis I farm in Cushendall, an' one o* them, the I best o' the three, failed in her milk, an' I not a drop could be gob from her. Says I the wee boy that herded the beasts : I ' Master,' Bays he, ' I Bee a white cat I sucking Moiley in the field-' Francis I loaded his gun wi' siller, an' -watched for I the cat next evening. Sure enough there I she came, an' he fired an' wounded her, I but she was fit to make off. Francis was I a man that had a great ekill ia setting I bones, an' be wa3 sent for by tbe neigh- 1 bours as regular aa the doctor. That I night there came an express for him to go I bo Rose Mullan that had got her lex broke. I (Rose waa allowed to be a witch- wife frae Coshendall to the Glant'a Causeway.) When Francis heered that her leg was broke, of conrae he knowed what to think. S»ye he, ' It was me did you the injury, an' tt'a me you get to mend it,' says he, an' B»e an* her man hadna a word to aay.' ' A poor traveller looking for her bit' — i.e. a beggar-woman — fcella the following story. Tne narrator was once a servant in a lodging-house at Bondoraa, a fashionable watering-place, filled with bathers in sommer; and Biddy Gallagher, her cousin, was housemaid ia the hotel next door. When tbe bathing 'season waa over,] Biddy remained alone La the hotel to i take charge of the premises. Her wagea were good, but she disliked the loneliness of her llf «, especially at sight, when the wind blew off the ocean and rattled every window. She dusted and oleaned, aad lit fires in the I empty rooms during tbe day, aad before retiring each night she awept np the kkehes, I made a bright fire, and left everything I comfortable there. ' I One night, before she put oak her candle, I she heard the hall-door open, aad, fall of I bexxor, jamped out of bed and na to the I tiead of the stairs to listen. There were I many fooiateps ia the hall, and many I roioea wen talking. The voices were all laying.' Good-bye, Miis Gallagher ! Good, bye, Mass Gallagher, and thank yon kindly tor your fire ! We're away to the county 3avan ; but yon'U find an oaVoake, made -f tbe best grain of Tyrone, on your -arlonr-table. Eat that to your tea; an9 food-bye.' ; , Terribly frightened, Biddy ran back to ter room, and there was her sister Kitty, b*t was Joet one Hallowft'en, Jying ia bar Alone, sa^J^;«oaB^pi^,^B^l4p»,^i^^ - , : : - '^ttroia^B^pdaer'oofepiSg^^s ?;-?? V;;- :l-:;^: ;V -^ -, TbegOTtieiace!,^ ~ gr«m'vt-a*iks'd tbi ^^ l^yte,' JuVbui!!^ iluft , fertile valley aome nxty years *£»»-; v , It was in 1820 ihat the IMEIhuiney family went to Hve on a lifctte farm between Porthall and Strabane, in dgbt of tbe . aver. Joe M'EIhimney was a mieohievDUB lad of seventeen, and he soon became intimate with lads who were as fond of tormenting as himself. There was a v stretch of gravel for a short way along the ?- Foyle, two or three fields below his house, : and there the young girls of the country .. used to bathe. When Joe 4and the .other , lads found this oat, *hey made » practioe of hiding the girls* clothes, fall at last jfcwo girls were always obliged to remain : sentinels while the ot&ers; battled, i Bnt one summer day tbe lads found no sentinels. They peeped 'over the fcedge, aad saw all the girlsin tiiewaier.1. Maggie Lavens, with ? her floating yellow hair, Jenny M1Iri.de, fflkn Morrison, towering a bead above the rest, and beside her little Annie Kearney, with her, sparkling - eyes and rosy ebeeks. 'Ay,tiiere they are, and tbexe*jB you Kate,' said Joe to one of bis companions. Tbe girlB ? looked np and- laughed 3 then, taking hands, they danced about hi 4ba water, sad atlas* did what »o mortal gbla could do-Hnram aero««he Foyle aaa were seen dancing -w the Tyrone ahor*. Toy much alarmed, the lads hurried to tbe different wottagM in ah* neighbourhood. The girls ware all at *helr ?pbuungrwheeli— Maggie, tbe yellow-haired, little. Annie Kearney, Jenny M'Brlde, and Biles. Morri aon.' ' ? '?'.'.'.'.?? ' It put as from playing a trick on anyone for many a day,** «ald Joe tt'EIhlaney, looking aoron the Foyle with dim wistful gsza at the smiling cornfields of fair Tyrone. We felt wistful, too, and wonld gladly have ? repeopled tbe gentle hills and broad river with the elfin race.. . ' Canyon tell any other story about the Foyle, Joe P' . 'Do yon know the Castle of Montgaylin, ma'am ? I'll tell your ladyship what my mother seen there, for it was not in my time. When my mother was a wee girl, there was a mermaid lived in the river, an* on summer evenings she'd ha* sat singing on a fiat stane nearthe edge of tbe water/1 'What was she like, Joe ?' ' I don't mind to have heered. I WiinV she was handsome, but her hair was green.' , Did she comb her hair ? — Sie k&mnit; es mit goldenem Katne, Und eingt ein Lied dabei. Das hat eine wundersame GewaK'ge Melodie. . ' Eh, ma'am ; what were you sayin* ?' ' I was speaking about a German mer maid, Joe. I never thought there had bees a mermaid m the Foyle.' - ' 'Deed was there. Tbe boatmen goin' up an' down in their lighters between Deny and Strabane wad ha' seen her often. They called her Sheelah, an' there's a deep pool near Montgavlin that they still call ' Sheelah's Pool.' 'There was a Bhoda Gildea lived at tbe door wi' my mother, an' a harsh, ill- natured body bIw was. She went to draw water one evening, an* just out o' mischief ehe overturned Sheelah's stone. She thought the crathur didna see her, bnt next day, when she came borne from an errand to the shop, ehe found Sheelah in her kitchen, putting her child on the fire. Bhoda Jet a cry out of her. an* ran to take the child off the fire, an* Sheelah went out at the door an* down to' the river, singing : \- When I think on urstane, An' yon think on yoar' wean, We may weel speak and look, Bat ireens we'll e'en be nans.' — AS. The Tear Bound. 