MY FIBST EXPERIENCE OF OTJB j j, OOHNTBX H|)USE. Ofturtftb Ifni^tMfll' pressure in the sh^xi of heavy losses abroad, I accepted the offer of an old-fadiioned fumiBhed house in the country, -much"had been ten years untenanted, as a of town life; and thith^,in a cold and stormy fffovember day, amid torrents of rain, I set 'out elong with sil I held most dear on earth V-piJ femily. That comprised my wife, and ^i^e)%ti]mg»chil3mi." As -we left bur cheery itown house for the last-time, many a heavy fthought oppressed me, on account of those in;store for us. jWe had a long drive in a comfortable close conveyance, hired at the nearest railway town, from the windows bf iftfich-tiiB children were ddijghted to watch the nejjr scenery as we drpve albng. The smallest little durling of 'the three, just eight months old, was as comrtable in his wraps and furs as if he -were at'the warmest fireside. At length we found qmselves at the door of our new house, far in|the heart of the country. Dreary and solitary enough it looked, standing by itself at the foot of a dope, with its diort avenue of trees3żadin(jJttp'tó the door. • Soon, however, wę Were -msia.e; and' roaring fii-es in every loom helped to raise our spirits and dissipate the gloom, by impartingthat cheeriness which fires only can give. Next morning, on exjioriug- opi inew quarters, we found that their appearance did not altogether belie their weird and ghostly reputation. Some stories we bad heard about the house "being haunted, as the reason of its remaining so long nnoocopied, we of course only laughed at. The walls were of enormous thickness, and several of the rooms panelled. Already within the', panelling, the rats .and mice; apprised of the signs of habitation by the fires which had been put in several days before our arrival, once again began to hold their revels. The main passage was narrow, the stairs of stone—one stair leading from the middle floor, Tip to. the bedrooms above, containing the public rooms; the other down to |the kitchen range of rooms below, most of which were really below ground, damp and dark, with their walls glistening with moisture. This latter stair led off the lobby near the entrance, and the very idea of descending it gave one a shudder. Upstairs the'walls were doped in over the bedrooms, and so as to give them a square shape, a part of the width had been cut off by partitions next the gable, -which left a large dark empty space all round between wall and partition, enough, as the proprietor ^aid, to accommodate half a regiment of infantry. This, however, had tne one advantrge of keeping the rooms dry. At the back of the house a clear brook rippled along, subject to rise and fall with every shower of rain. For four or five days the storm that had ushered us in, continued, hut at length one morning a dear, bright sun broke out over the landscape, showing us, from the top of the dope, onr insular position with the German ocean on three sides in the distance. Sea-coast towns were also scattered along the. jehore at intervals, and there appeared a pretty undulating country sparsely planted with trees, without village or hamlet anywhere to be seen among the large cultivated fidds, except the big farm steadings that appeared here and there at considerable distances apart. As time passed, and we settled down in our new abode, I found that the days did not hang so heavily on my hands as I expected, what with the increasing acquaintanceship with very kind and pleasant neighbours, and shooting (kindly granted me by the proprietor) among hares, partódge. &Ł, and especially at large flocks of geese which had taken a fancy to the> neighbourhood. The children enjoyed the'country freedom immensely, and the roses daily deepened in their cheeks from the strong ocean air some seven hundred feet above the 'sea level. One day I was engaged patting np a swing for Maud and Will, to their great ddight, in theehed that adjoined the house at the back —an old building of two stories, the lower one of winch had open arches, and the upper, once used as a granary, was approached by a trap stair. All at once I noticed through the pane of the outside kitchen door, that led into the long passage of that floor, the flutter of a child's dress I well knew, and, st the same moment, a shadow as ot someone rapidly passing. Hardly believing my eyes, I looked again, knowing that no one went down to -that now disused floor, the outer door of which remained locked, and least of all that the baby would be taken there. There was nothing now to be seen. Our one servant, I knew, had left for an afternoon holiday, and -would not be back for some hours. With a shivpr running all over me, half congealing my blood, I flew to the door and looked along the narrow passage, hut nothing was -visible. SLejfnrthesf'ena-Soor 4hat opened to the staircase leading to the poblio rooms above BtaU|remained dosed. I kicked at the outside jdoor, but nothing save the echo replied; so Ijjnext rushed to-the low kitohen window and (looked ig, nUt wasi undifctdibalthóre and |motiomess 1- The cobwebs still crossed the doors and comers 'just as they had wont to- jbe. Taking the two children with me, I imnied round to the front of the house, where I found their mofher at the front door, .with' 1 her knitting, enjoying "the bright snnihine. Quickly telling her what I had seen W^dmly as I could, though not too care- •ffily,as file naing pallor on ber faoe betokened, I homadly asked where she had left baby. Before I had half dons die was flymg upstairs, follojfed Jabj^s room,where, «s idm : jaaid^she hadle&"him quietly deeping in his cot.i.The cot was empty! Our darling was Away. The clothes even were gone. TVitha moment's delay, after a xapid glance through the aJijoining room^-w&ihamsdjdowiiBtairE;, down fte second flight to She dark, -damp, tfbftpn -floor; and from soom to room we mt-not a trace of our darling. I had lS i 11:;: entry paor Helun -upstairs—she had fallen fainting on.the floor.., I laid her on a couch, and endeavoured to recover her. in the first place. For some time she remained in a dazed state, and then, as recollection gradually came back, I urged the necessity of her keeping up tiU we had made a thorough search for'our child, as, from thle time I had seen his dress, it was impossible he could be anywhere but still in the house. With the clear and rapid "instinct" with which she saw most things, she made the effort needed, and which, I could see at the time, was almost beyond her strength. Again we searched and searched, in the house, round about the house, and everywhere where there was the faintest possibility that the child could be concealed, but in vain; and how the time passed from the moment we first missed him (about three in the afternoon) till darkness began to close in on a short winter day, I can yet but faintly imagine. Going round once more to the back of the house for the twentieth time, all of a sudden a faint glimmer of ligjht from across the brook caught my eye, along with what 1 fdt certain was the flutter of a child's dress. It seemed in the dusk to be only a few hundred yards off. Without waiting a moment, and dreading to ntter an alarm, I sprang across the brook, through the deep swamp and rushes beyond, and, reaching the hard firm meadow, flew along in the direction of thelight, of which another glimmer again directed me. The light, I could see, was moving onwards, and as I increased my pace I found I was distinctly gaining on it. A fresh glimmer now and again kept me right, and I only feared breaking down ere it could be overtaken. So.husbanding my strength as well as my excitement would allow, I kept up the pace, determined to succeed if it cost me my last breath. Gradually, as the chase continued, the'light drew nearer, the glimmer stronger, and the flutter of the child's dress now proved a certainty. A few minutes more and I must be up with it. I thought, too, I could distinguish in the dfi^lnr^ the outline of a man; but,so thick had the gloom now become, this might have been fancy, sfe no gleam that lit up the child's dress ever fell on the figure. For a few seconds I noticed the light linger at one spot, move up and down, then again move rapidly on. But now, for the first time, I lost sight of the white dress. In a second or two more I was up to the place where the light had lingered. This brought me alongside a broad straggling whin fence, wdl known to me as a good cover for partridge. -While rushing past, a consciousness of something white amongst the furze arrested' my steps, and pushing in among them I bent down over what seemed a mass of white like a snow drift, in the midst of which, sound asleep, and comfortable and cosy in his warm blankets and rug, as if he were still in his cot, I discovered our darling! Even the blankets had been drawn carefully up round his soft warm face, to allow just enough room for air. without the least danger of cold. As I pressed- my face to the little round cheeks, and fdt the warm breath coming and going, the revulsion was so great, coupled with the exhaustion of my run of over a mile, that I could only at the moment sink down beside him. I dared not yet trust myself to carry him back, anxious as I fdt about those at home. While resting with him in my arms I noticed the light growing fainter and fainter till it disappeared in the distance. At length, when sufficiently recovered, I rose with my newly-found treasure, to try and retrace my steps homeward in tie now pitchy darkness.' Carefully I groped my way back, holding him dose to me, and feeling as if the time were an age ere I could return to exchange the grief there for joy. The light from an upper window of the house guided me, otherwise in the thick darkness I might have lost my way. At length the ripple of the brook at the back-door met my ears, and recrossing carefully I found myself once more at the back of the house beside the swing, and at the first scene of the mysterious disappearance, an event never to be forgotten, though ending so happily. On coming round to the front all was quiet, the outer door still open, the lower lamps unlit, and not a sound even of the children's voices to be heard. I dreaded the sudden effect of the discovery of her darling on Hden, and my sole anxiety now was how I could break the glad news to her as gently as possible. So, quietly ascending the stair, I reached her room, found its door ajar, and looked in. There die was, seated at a table, her head bent forward on her hands, and perfectly motionless. Maud and Will were sitting on the hearthrug subdued and silent, looking wistfully up towards their mother. Softly entering the room I signed to the children, who at once saw me, to keep silent, and as softly I laid hi™ down once more in his cot. As his cheek touched the pillow a smile crept over his face as if even in a dream he fdt he was again in safety. And then crossing the room I sat quietly down beside his mother. She seemed in a sort of stupor, out of whioh only dowly and with difficulty I succeeded in rousing her, and by degrees, as she caught my cheerful tone, a new light seemed to break in npon her, and she looked me straight in the face. There was no use my attempting to dissemble. The look, of good news was too plain to be bidden, though I feared at first the effeot of the reaction. Before I had half told my tale die caught the meaning looks of the children, and gave one swift glance towards the cot. In an instant she was there, and for a moment the overwhelming joy was almost as overpowering as the grief. As the little subject of all this care was loaded with caresses he opened his big black eyes with a smile of welcome all round; and as each in turn got a share of his smiles we could hardly realise that the past had not all been a dream. How our house was changed from one of sorrow to one of joy that evening I can still well remember. Never after that was baby ldt for one minute alone, nor was there ever a chance given of that day's history being repeated. Early next morning we made a thorough search of the house from room to room, bat nowhere could we obtain a due to any secret door or passage that might throw light on the mystery. After the foregoing experience it may be supposed I would fain- have changed our residence had not strong pecuniary reasons stood in the way, and besides I had a strong desire sooner or later to be at the bottom of the mystery. As the above events began to lose their vividness, without any fresh incident to excite suspicion, time passed pleasantly -on. One day as I was round in the died cutting np some trees, which a reoent storm had blown down, with Maud and Will playing by, I suddenly became aware of the shadow once more crossing the kitehenrdoor. This time, however, it was alone. Our baby, I knew, was too well watched to be spirited away again. In a moment I was at the door, looking in along the dark passage; but all was empty there 1 Instead, however, now of rushing round to the front of the house, as I did before, and giving the alarm, X' kept watch, and sent Maud quietly round to give information. Kneping Will by me, I watched Maud till die reached the front of the house, where I had left her mother with the servant, attending baby in his perambulator. They were all soon round,; and,' pointing out to Helen a knoll at a little distance, which commanded a view of three sides of the house, or of any one attempting to leave it, I asked her to retire there •with the -servant - {a staopg countiy jgui): and children, pad keep watch. Hardly had: they lsf£ włifin the shadow again crossed the kitchen floor; and immediately afterwards a slight sound in the granary Jrew my atten- • tio.i. Ufi.Lj::; jiijep Gael; on.-.tr, ur fur the sending of a neighbour, which was my first idea, I sprang np the trap stair and listened. In a little the sound was repeated, now distinctly as of a door dosing, and then ceased; but no trace eould I find of door or opening of any kind. I took care that, from where I stood, I could still see the group on the knoll. Striking on the wall Wieńce the sound seemed to have proceeded, a faint apparent echo readied me; but this, I thought, could be traced to a distinct separate sound. Repeating Jhe blow again and again on different parts of the wall, at last a hollow sound seemed to answer the stroke, and simultaneously, a part of the wall I had not noticed before, to the dde, and nearer the gable, opened slightly, disclosing a long narrow rent. Another stroke on the same place, I found, was on a stone that yielded to pressure, and showed a widening crevice. With further pressure on the stone, which appeared to be connected with the door by a spring, it reached at last its full width, and disclosed a narrow door in the wall, from which a passage with a dark stone staircase led - downwards. This staircase was just wide enough for one man to crush through. Without hesitating, and with a sort of desperation, dne partly, perhaps, to my entire unbelief in ghosts, I entered the passage and began to descend the steps, after taking the precaution to get a heavy lump of wood and leave it in the doorway to prevent any accidental closing. As I went down the narrow staircase, a slight rustle from bdow told me pretty surely I should find some one there. Each step now brought me nearer the object of my .search; while the flicker of light that presently came from bdow showed me I was nearer the foot of the stair. In another second or two I found myself in a narrow passage as the foot, faintly lit by a crevice in the wall, and with the figure of a man- dimly visible before mti 33iereweijStoodcoiStontid&each; other,not a sound toibe heard but tnfe breathing of each. Aftćf some moments&ad; passed thus in dead silence, I put out rayleft hand to fed what sort of wall resisted me on that side, and, if possible, let in some light, and struck against what seemed to be the wooden pahdling of a room. The movement caused no change in my vis- a-vis. Next placing my back against one side of the passage, I put my foot against the pannelling, and tried to force open a deal; but in vain. It was too strong to yidd to my pressure. Still the figure remained motionless. I then bethought myself of my box of " vestas," which, as a smoker, I -always carried, and struek a light. As the darkness fled, and the whole passage became visible, with the figure in it, whom and what did I see? For a little I ceuld hardly believe my eyes, and wondered_ if I, too, were in a dream. A man, certainly, in full flesh and blood, and no ghost, was there, motionless still, his head slightly bent, and eyes fixed on vacancy as in a dream. No sign of seeing me, or of the least alarm at my presence, appeared in his face. But what was strangest of all remains to be told. . The face was that of an honest carpenter of our neighbourhood, whom I well knew as a very respectable steady man. I had heard he had been in the habit of disappearing now and then from his house at night for a day or two at a time, and of returning again by night as quietly as he left; while he either refused, or was unable to give any account of his absence. The truth was now plain. The man was a somnambulist. There, too, was the lantern in his hand, still unlit, which, on the fermer occasion, had guided me by its light. On being addressed, he seemed at first to come " back to himself" slightly, as if half aware of my presence, and of being caught, but again lapsed into his dreamy state. Going up to him I bade him follow me, whidh he quietly did, up the staircase, and out by the way I had entered, till he appeared at the foot of the trap stair in the presence of the wondering group on the grass, who were now getting anxious about my absence. Telling the man quietly to go home, and to be careful never to repeat his intrusion, he unhesitatingly took toe straight road home, and walked steadily away. The effect of the discovery on Hden, her speediless astonishment and relief at the same time, at such a very practical and homdy solution of the robbery of her baby, may be imagined. The man, it appeared, was liable to be affected differently at different times. Sometimes he had more than his ordinary waking wits about him in a certain groove, in the form of an invincible cui^fiing enabling him to dude discovery, and baffling all attempts at tracing him. At intervals he had always disappeared during the nighc, the somnambulism appearing to continue for one or two days at a time. TTis mode of ingress has been described ; and I found, on carefully examining the passage, that while one end of it led down from the granary, as mentioned, the other led up at the back of a pannelling by a flfght of steps to the rooms above, into which he obtained entrance by a sliding deal in the dark endosure between rooms and gable. The man was about fifty-five, had resided in the district since childhood, and became acquainted with the secret passage in the course of some repairs, of " which he alone had charge —a secret he kept to hi^^f I afterwards leamt that he had gradually awoke on his way home, probably from the disturbing influences he had encountered; while the warning given him under his somnambulism had its effect. At the same time, needless to say, I had the secret passages firmly built up, so -that no one might again be subjected, either to secret intrusion, or to . those hours of suspense we underwent between the losing and finding of our child. And thus ends my first experience o£ our country house.— W. S. in London Society. BUBSTIKG OF A SHIP BV SWELLUfG OF CABGO. The Gazette Maritime et Commercials, in its news regarding ocean disasters, relates the following curious example of the formidable power of molecular forces. The Italian ship Francesca, loaded with rice, put into port on May 11,"at East London,leaking considerably. A large force of men was at once put on board to pump out the water contained in the ship, and to unload her; but, in spite of all the activity exerted, the bags of rice soaked in water gradually, and swdled up. Two days afterward, on Aby 13, the ship was violently burst asunder by this swelling of her cargo. —La Nature. TTTT! EETEK BIDDIfiS OF THT. WOBŁD. Pkof. Da Bois-Beymond is one of the most prominent members of the Berlin Academy of Sciences. When he delivers his more popular lectures, there is not a lecture-room in BeiEn large enough to aocommodatehis hearere. He is far from being a theist; still less is he a christian. In an address delivered by him on'" The Limits of Natural Science," he propounded what he called " The Seven Biddies of the World"—riddles which have never been explained, and the majority of which never can be by mechanical laws. The first riddle is the nature and essenoe of matter and force. - The second is the ongin of mobon. The angin of life is the third. The fourth is the apparent design of nature. The fifth is the ongm of consciousness. The sixth is the origin of national thought and language. The last is the freedom of the wilL Of this DnBois-Beymond says: "Our seventh difficulty is none if one resolves to deny the freedom of the will -and. to declare the subjective conviction of freedom as an illusion; otherwise it is -inexplicable." 