CRUMBS. , Speculation atBarmedman fast and furious. Laud sale — country and suburban lots — at Cootamundra on 21st inst. Wallendbeen is to have a Chinese store, opium, and small-pox. Wallendbeen had a mixture of shooting, timber felling, sermons, and cricket on Sunday last. Mr. Mackay's present to the Wallendbeen cricket club has arrived. They are a fine set of tools. The W agga footballers j ourneyed to Albury last Saturday. Result, drawn game, each side scoring a goal. The Wagga 'boys' are improving. A boy called into our office one day during the week and asked us if we had any ' boots?' Yes. my boy, we have one melancholy pair. They do duty both in wet and dry weather, and on Sundays, holidaj's, and week days. Bishop Moorhouse and his lady are going to attend the play of ' Jo' at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, next week, for tho benefit of the Children's Hpspital. The religious world will be shocked, of course ! The Wagga Express says ' We can con gratulate ourselves upon the possession of the largest number of clubs, and the smallest number of cricketers of any provincial town in the colony. ' Cullinga has a very shy young man. He is so bashful that some young ladies went to see him, when he ran and locked himself up in his bedroom, and could not be coaxed out i until he was assured they were gone. [This is anything but flattering to the Cullinga ladies — Ed.] Some members of the Sydney Fire Bri gades returning home kicked up an infernal noise at our railway station on Monday night. In one of the carriages they had an unfortunate Chinaman dressed up in brigade uniform, and wore amusing themselves by exhibiting the Celestial to the public gaze at each station on the line. A Sydney telegram, in . concluding par ticulars of a house having been destroyed by fire, says 11 the local fire brigade were absent in Melbourne, otherwise the building might; have been saved.' Of course it. might, but what about the Government Printing Office in Melbourne being destroyed by fire while the fire brigades of both colonies were in. Melbourne ? An exchange says: — ' One day last week j some travelling sheep either got in, or were let into, an enclosed paddock, close by town, where a barley crop was growing. They did considerable damage ; but one of them ap parently found the diet indigestible — just as cows sometimes too late discover that wet clover is' unwholesome' — for it swelled, re mained behind its companions, and gave up the ghost.' ' Which, the sheep or the barley ? Writing of the trip of the Volunteer Fire Brigades to Melbourne, the special cor respondent of an exchange says : — 'The Governor, who was invited, came as any other private person did, and mixed amongst those on tho grand stand before the Mel bourne men noticed him, when a general rush took place to ' welcome ' him, and gather a band to play ' God Save the Queen.' No accommodation was made for him what ever. That's the way they do it in Melr: bourne.' Says ' iEgles,' in the Australasian :— The late drought played sad havoc among the horses in the back blocks. Horses in fine condition six months previously were mere frameworks and shadows of their former selves. Here is an illustration. Smith, log. (sympathisingly to brother boundary rider)—' And is your brown horse dead, too ?' Toprail (with resignation) — 'Yes, he's dead— but he won't give in that he is.' Smith — ' Whatd'ye mean ?' Top rail—' Well, the place where he used to be is still mooching around.' An architect advertises in our present, issue for a wife — fat, fair, and forty. Moderate tippling not objected to. May he get one, and may all the sweets of married bliss encircle his majestic form henceforth and for ever more. In the meantime, while the buxom widows and old maids of the district are making preparations to 'go for him,' we commend the following to our comfort less friend's notice : — A clergyman united a German couple in marriage. When the knot was tied,' the bridegroorn said — 'Dominie, I have got no monish ; but I'll send you von leetle pig.' It was done, and the circumstance' was forgotten by the clergyman. Two years after he met the German in another town, for the first time since the marriage ceremony was performed. 'Dominie,' said the German, ' you re member you married me, and I gave you von leetle pig ?' ' Yes.' ' Yell, if you'll unmarry me l'll give you two leetle pig.' The captain of a certain gang of country bachelors met with a sad misfortune the other day. It appears he was out in the rain and got wet. On coming home he hung his garments up to dry at the fire, and went to bed.^ He was in' a pleasant dream about the object of his choice, when he was awoke by a conflagration amongst his clothes. It was laughable to see him spee'l across the house like greased lightning, in the costume worn by Adam and Eve prior to donning the fig leaf, to save his duds. It would appear they were the only^ ones he had, ' as he was compelled to remain in a state of nudity until his tailor (who, by the way, is a mechanic in all the branches) made him a suit out of bagging, not being able to procure any fig leaves. Impounded at Grenfell, on 20th May, from Eualdrio: — One roan mare, star, -on near shoulder. To be sold 8'th June. Impounded at Marengo on loth May, from Marengo Flat, by W. Davis Bay horse, rf near shoulder, white patches on back, star, broken, shod ; expenses 6/. To be sold 8th Juno. More Land, — The late beneficial rain has) evidently inspired our horny-handed sons:of^ toil with a desire for more land, as will be seen by the number of selections taken up at the local office last Thursday. Bravo,- ye' 'tillers of the soil.' Land sale at Young oh Wednesday, 21st June. A brigade of boys as public messengers is about to be established in Melbourne. Old England jubilant at the victory of Cambridge over tho Australians. The breach of promise case at Gundagai has proved a costly affair to Mr. Robert Stuckey. £200 damages and costs. Eleven mounted troopers were required for [ the Victorian police force, and over 300 sont in applications. A number of Ballarat miners have left for Gelibrand River, Cape Otway ranges, to prospect ground. Cootamundra -TiM&ju; start in tho firo brigade business? . will decide the question. ' A large Hotel, 'to contain 200 rooms, is ' about to be erected by the Government at ? the' Albury railway terminus. 'Our boys' have received their first ' licking at home, at the hands of Cambridge. 31 sundries looks bad. ? Where was Johnny Blackham ? .QnrfAnnl ^ n « ' _ 1_ J i» Kjv7yoi.ua ixuuui«ii\vuigiiu oi newspapers are lying at the Wilcannia post office, addressed to Mount Browno. Three hundredweight j are usually sent. 1 Rather a serious accident (says the Parramatta Evening Times J happened oh the racecourse yesterday, whilo the last event of the day, the Forced Handicap, was being run. Cornwell, who was riding Lilly,' tried to turn the gate corner too sharply, and in doing so the mare fell, Rosinante, West Country Dick, and Independent — jockeyed respectively by Gainsford, Gough, and Kelso — falling over her in a heap. ICelso, a ?lad eleven years, sustained a fracture of tho elbow and was taken to the hospital, and the mare Lilly had her back broken and was shot. The other jockeys and horses escaped with comparatively slight injuries. From enquiries made at the hospital we are glad to learn that young Kelso has been attended to, and ? that ho is in no serii:.- jjJI^nger at present. We think it only propeifhowever, to record our opinion that mere^tehildren like Kelso should not be allowe^-^ftkde in races at all. 