UNDER THE, SNOW. ; i ?. lt. -Colyonon- COLL ,, ; ' IT was Chrlesmaeunve In vu oe cofcurte?n. ,'And as anoiont dalesmen: need toitoll. The wildestwinter thoy over hided ?ne.; With the anow lying deep on moor and When Wagoher John got out Listeiami ' BSmiler'bndlWitlefoot,'Dhke and'Gray. , With the light inhls: eyes" ola young ;man's As he though of hie wedding oo New Year's Day. To Ruth, the mold wilh 'the bonnie' browa hair.. And eyasof the deepest, sunniest blue, Modest and winsome and wondrous fair, r And troelto-hor troth, for horthuart wase true.. "Thou's surely not goin ,"' ohonted mino '-hoot. , . ,, "Thon'll be lost in' the 'drilft:s sro as Sthou's born. " .;: 1:,I .Thy lass winnot want to wed wi' a ghost. And that's whatthon'll be on Ohristmas morn.. '!It's eleven long,mile Ira Skipton toon, To Blaeberg hooses, and :Washburn dale, Thou had better.turn back and sit thee:dooni And comfort thy heart wi' a idrop o' good ale." Trnm the awallow$ flying South, " Tarn the vines adaneos the sno, 'Hurds fromorivers in the drought, ' Men muso dare or nothing's done. So what cares the lover for storm or drilt, ' -Oriperi ult death on tlb haggard.way, He sluge to himself like a lark in,tho tilt, And cshe oyin his heart turns December to Moy, But the wind from tho north brings a deadly chill, Oreeping into his heart, andthe drifts are deep, , Where. th thios of the storm strikes Blue. berg hill, Ho is.woeary and fall in a' pleasant sleep. And dreams he i's walking by Waehburn side, Walking with'It th on a i~mmer's day, .linging that song to his boenle bride,. . Hisd own wife' nof'or ever and aye. Now readme .this riddlo, howw B?th should 'lhert asp ofa n trei oluloh ofl 'doom ;.. - It stole oa her ear, distant andiolear, : As if her lover was in the room, . : And read.mo'this ridle how Beh shoould know, As she. bounds to, thro open the heavy 'door. That her lover is lost in the drilling ?now, SDying obidead on.the great.wild:moos. " " Help ! hdlp I I' ? "lIst ili'a tI " R inge' through :tle' night: as " she rushes away, ' Stnthbsibg blinded and tempest tossed , * Straight to the drift where her lover lay. And trwilf they leap after her .into tho night; Into the driftstby Binoberg hill," r , Pollan, ;Ward, .Robin~on, eaoh with his Uliht To find her there, holding hlim, whitie and still.; "Ho waedead inthe drift then,": '" a t I hear them say. As I liston in wonqier, Forgetting to. plays Fifty years eynt some Christmas Day. . "y. nfday, they.wLere wed,'' the sdalesman~ By Parson Carmall o' New'Year's Dyy, "Bonnie 'SRth were me'greeatggand. And Moislor Frankland gave her away."; "DBt hlow did she 'hd-'Ni -aunder. the snow?" . . They riled with a laughter, touohed with tears. " Nay, lads," he osid softly, ' we never can Sknow, ' No, not ii we live a hundred years." There's a iaght o' things gan To the making o' man. Theu I rushebd to my play With a whoop and away, Fitty years syne come Ohristmas Day. 