\- COUTTS' SAILOaSAHOME. .To..nv--Thursday, Marcih 10h, A.D. 1882--bids-fair tb rink lhetaf'tir as a ied-letter day ii:the i nuals'. of New-: castle.. More particularly will :it be so in chat one of the -most important progressive ceremonies in the maritime history of our port will meet with publio cohlbration. We. allude, of couri'se to tohe laying of the foundation. stolie of tlhe ' Coutts' Sailors' Home;" an institution that, thanlis not so mich to any spontaneous ebullition of philanthiopy from the public st large, but more to the singlo-miiiOed liborality and sympathetic feeling. of a respected citizen, is now definitely about to spring into existence. From time to timei years paist, hvfiilst trade in the. port beat with a quicker pulse, and an overcrowded harbour brought "Jack's " proverbial " life ashore "moreopenlyunder p'iublio gaze, with many .of its attendant temiptations and undeniable wrongs. and hardships, the want of ' "Sailors' Homoe" was mooted, and its formation advanced as a desirable c6nsumnation. iales I " onily that, aiad ijholingmiorfb.'' Withli this the maitter. %as left to take care of, itself, and: in all probability but for the humailitarian and mni- ficenbt actioi of the lBev. J,~AEs C6urTr, M'.i.', ithdse name hereafter will itarid in publio gaze on the-.iu$stitution, tile' establishment of such a '" Home"- in th'e scond best :i?ort and next imp0do ?ant city of New South Wales would until the coming generation have re main'ded a thing 6f the future. -The deflectiori entailed by this fact; how over, we'rjdice to see, is now aboi?td to be s'wept away;, and in all human: probability within the nekt '"ifd?. inoiths, Newcastle, as,an importanit, Sever-advancing soiaporb,' will hare freed itself' at last and for ever from ai e broach, Such reproach too long was well earned from those whose business on the great.waters had, hand in.hand with oursolheSl assisted in building-up its present. prosperity. .It was. not to,;be expected thrat any disinterl eisted attempt to secure a direct boonbi to one partioular' class of a com inunity would mdet withi requisite snuccess at tjhe oitset -this :ei?e against ': the order: of things 'mitn· dane; yet throe reinains: the pleasing fact that Mr;. COUTTS' gift of £1000 sterling as a nucleus' df th :requisite, £8000 evoked not only liberal ?eashi promises, but a speedy guarantee from locdal gentlemen that they would libld themselves responsible .for provid ing the balance in order that a slur should not hold good that the giftl was sown in barren soil. - .--::: A class of social icebergs exist, as all are aware, whose dehghit con summates in the mere, piling up of riches for personal comfonfdrt, aid whom any departure from the greedy ethics of their school- in seeking' to benefit some' particulhar class, evolkes little sympathy, and far less material support. Buch as those find a' con venient stalking.horse to cover their apathy and parsimony by hypocritically seeking to chill good efforts as unx? called for, or premature; not possessing manliness enough to lend a helping hand, oven to an effort that, porchance, would indirectly or directly benefit themselves. Some of these pale ghosts have arisen on this occasion, and would seek (not open y it is true)' to damp enthusiasm by suggesting that Newcastle stands in no need of a Sailors' Home ; that boarding masters and private residences can amply accommodate- the sailors now doing business in port I We have no inclination to moralise on the matter, or seek to refuto so short. sighted a sophistry. One and all must freely admit the importance of the institution about to be inaugurated; and reioiceu that, atlong last, provision is made for the better comfort of a class of worthy, hardworked, and all too often underpaid fellowtoilors, whose bone and sinoew to a superlative degree has gone towards building up the prosperity of our port and district, and without the labour of whom New castle to- this day would never have boonin a position to boasnet of one tithe of its activity and world-known irm portance. 