MR, MUODY AS A PREACHER. Bv REV. R. LEITCII, NEWCASTLE. What is the secret of Mr. Moody's great power as a preacher ? That is a question which has been often asked, both in this country and in America. Having heard him several times since he began his new campaign in NewcastJe- on-Tyne, the same question has forced itself upon my mind. That he has marvellous power over au audience no one can deny. His is teliiug preaching. It goes right home to the conscience and the heart. His power over the largest audience is very striking. I have noticed that he can as easily hold the attention of 2(1(10 or :f(H!0 people as most men could that of ten or a dozen. How is this ? Because he talks to them. lie does not preach before them, or above them, but to tlietn. Ouo secret of his power is that he has thoroughly mastered the sub'cot that he is talking about; ins whole >oui has been steeped in it. ile has marvellous self-possession. That he never loses. The other evening a woman brought a baby i::to the meeting, it cried bitterly; and so great was the crowd that the poor woman seemed afraid to attempt to go our. Mr. Moody made a little half-plavful allusion to the child, and tlicu went on perfectly at his ease. The thorough naturalness of his mode of address is also another striking feature. He has no pulpit mannerisms. He speak* ; he does net preach. He talks to thousands as he would to one. He never dwells too long upon one poiut. Some preachers, when tin y get a fresh idea or illustration, d'vell upon it. until all the life has gone out of it. Mr. Moody gives it, and passes on. His illustrations are homely. They are such as the common mind caa easily grasp. Speaking the other night about the sinntr being angry when he is convicted of sin by the Holy Spirit, he said: " It is jjst like a mother waking her sleeping babe ; the cnild is fretful—very angry, it may be." Everyone could at once see the point he wished to illustrate. The sinner is not willing to be awakened out of bis sleep of sin. Speaking of mere earnestness not. being enough izs the matter of salvation, he said : " You go into any of your biuks and present a cheque for £100. The cashier looks at you, and asks if you have an account there. ' No,' you reply, ' but T am terribly in earnest; I need the money very mueh.' He would turn to you and say, ' That is not the way we do business here !' " In this way did he show that mere earnestness would not do to get a man out of his difficulties in temporal matters ; and if not in temporal, so neither would it in spiritual matters. He uses simple Saxon words. If he can find a word of one syllable to express his meaning, he will not nse one of three. In this respect he reminds one forcibly of John JtJunyaa. His sermons, too, are full of pithy sayings. For example, speaking of the Spirit, he said, " The Holy Spirit will not dwell in a tomb." He was showing that the heart must be cleansed tor being the Spirit's dwelling-place. "The living water must flow in before it can flow out." When showing that it is through His people that the Saviour influences the world, he said, '' The vine does not produce the fruit ; it is the branches that do so." Speaking of the Grace of God enabling his ancient servants to see " things to come," he 6aid, "Abraham was a long-sighted man. ' He looked up to Heaven,' &c.; John in Patmos was long-sighted. Why, he saw down to the end of time, • the things that should be hereafter.' " Mr. Moody is still the man of the " one Book." He may not be well versed in human literature, but he knows well what God has put in that grand old Book If he is not an " eloquent" man in the sense in which the world understands eloquence, he is at least " mighty in the Scriptures." The Word of Christ dwells in him richly in all wisdom and understanding. This gives him power. He does not speculate ; he does not philosophize; he does not quote poetry ; he simply tells what God has'said in His own Word—and, after all, there is no preaching so effectual and so useful and so fresh. One comes away from one of Mr. Moody's services, especislly a Bible-reading, feeliDg better pleased than ever with his Bible. Added to all these, however, there is great spiritual power—such power as only a man who is filled with the Holy Spirit possesses. The Holy Ghost is resting upon him, and this gives him holy boldness, great tenderness and persuasiveness, and true humility, and makes what he says tell with mighty effect. Thankful for what God has done for his honored servant and done by him, let us still continue to bear him up in prayer. May much true prayer go up from all believing hearts that his servant .-Jay be made a great blessing to thousands and tens of thousands of precious souls! Many Christian workers in Newcastle have been greatly refreshed by the visit of our dear brethren, and several souls, as I can testify from personal observation, have been " translated out of darkness into marvellous light." May all that has been given prove to be only a few drops before a most abundant shower! "I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground." —The Chris- tian. 