LINES WRITTEN" BY NIGHT. ABOvE my bond from pole to pole A vast expanse of liquid blue The starlit heavens meet my view, But bring no comfort to my soul. But bring a sense of loneliness; Ali ' would that one were here to tell In whispers low, the magic spell Such evenings work on my distress The spell That works with dire effect World then not harm, but bear, my woo; The wind would sing in whispers low Sons wafted home-not husbands week. But since I stand on alien land, Lonely in heart, though not alone, The winds will murmur and make moan Of corpses washed upon the strand. The curlew shrieks from out the night Like some poor spirit racked with pain, Or ghost for over doomed in vain To follow still a lying light. The wild dog. howling in the waste, Calls to a ghoulish feast his mate; Now, night seems black with lust and hate, which once I loved as pure and chaste. I hear no music of the spheres As I was wont at eventide When standing, friend, by thy dear side "In summer months of vanished years, The stars were first the beacons clear That angels fit, to show where lay Through pits and snares the narrow way, When I was lost in doubt and fear, But now-they scorn cold pitiless eyes That watch mo (leader in the mire, That mock me as 1 faint and tire, Or, falling, strive in vain to rise. The meteors that shot through space I deemed as ministers of light Sent down to guide us through the night; They now hiss "Wrath," not whisper "Grace, And I, who breathed out to my friend My soul, beneath the starry wain, Seem but a speck on some vast plain That knows no boundary and no end. And if across the waste I call To friends ten thousand miles away AATiose day's my night, whoso night my day Strange on my ears the weird sounds fall. JIv voice goes wandering through the night Like some lost soul that seeks a home, Through many a long week it must roam Before an answer brings delight. And yet, sometimes I hear a voice Such as I heard In earlier youth, And know it is a voice of truth. That speaks from heaven, and cries "Rejoice!" That cries " Rejoice, that "Courage" cries; "Faint not, nor linger by the way; If long the night, the coming day Shall last through all eternities. "And in that day that cometh soon The truth shall stand out clear and bright. Not seen by glimpses, by the light Of flickering star or pallid moon. "Alone, when God is by thy side ! And sail, when thou hast noble work How can smell selfish sorrow Park, When thou roineinbercst Christ who died?" E. COLWELL. 