Answer to XrreBF oadetots ' TUB'F. 4 , 1- . . . of w1-atwCnrS'B 'r® iruejj Glasgow Anna Hoteljhtibeth -street. xSrSSrci. rifling »Uing Ufl as diflereotM cimraws -V-" ieaTii3f5wucttoiis for tbe stoke to he received on htel'oedwnt, and some " fix to to |w»-i for out d( it mesa sort of fellow, to whom tue tnu sportsman would to e Americfttlier crtl these sort of blurts after a very ill-fsvouroddase of unimsli known inaotorsl uia- WtlIaA.6TooSk.-You ore labouring under a mistake. AU of the si horses jrou flpM H, hariuir hacked were starters lu the Haudicap. and Hesperian and Ghost weut to the jjsrt hot favourites at 5 to 2 aud 5 to 1 respee- lirely' THE GUN. H. r, W.-Tlicrc is no plice in\ irtori. lor "met. rniflnliMiiiiiiiMot same fquiil t" G,rP»"a?ld- " vo'jTjtK' nil Iirar tOTjiornrj' q uart (.-refit b.le.or nt lliiirnedaic. von «IU Un« no trouble in gettinfl directions ntbere best to fo, ore guide to accoin- CRICKET. . Pais Flst.— Tbe Association haying gireu ths . C.eelaud Cup match tj the Kichmood Club, ml wavers are decided«ecor6iag y under the estab lished rale tliat " the intereste of bete U insepar able irom tbst of stakes m,,_ ,, \V.O.K,,EuiQrald Uill.— Yes,5miilcli0Sj WL Doauell, Co>ttAVkEoraV— it 'depends upon which play ers ore backed agaiust each other. In to# cms oi Murdoch Versus Barlow, if for battiugi tue odds would to Bligh'ly iu fovourof Murdoch. paoressiohal as» auatecu. —me aubuwm Eleven are amateurs, and will be so received ia Euclaod, where tbe difference between an ama teur and a professional cricketer is much more strougly marked than n» the colonies. COUBSING. Sou Suck.— 1. eta? Cob, owned by Captain Dam- tree, was whelped in I6J3. He won eleven and lost two courses. There were twenty -three ot his stock returned as winners. 2. Fipuro. owned by Mr Fvs'-u. wes whelped In Jb4. Hewon twonty- rts and l«st seven courses. There were twenty, ciyiit of his stock returned as wiuuers. Ewquiheh.— You must pot the question in a more intelligible form. 4% Jjtorlsntan. "Fair play is 5anni> play T MELBOURNE, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1882. 