Professor i Rice the great Mind Reader and the Hyperion Surprise Party. Professor Rice -who has iiot inaptly been described as the Prince of Psychologists gave his first entertainment in the 1 P6rt Town Hall last night to an enthusiastic audience. That he did not obtain an overflowing house is, we believe, simply attributable to the fact that his advent amongst us was not dulv heralded. The Professor only arrived on Saturday by the Coorong and up to the last moment (when he was apprised by telegram) had been in doubt as to whether certain business affairs would require him to proceed from McDonnell Bay to Melbourne instead of coming here. He was thus precluded from giving the public any notice of his visit. Professor Rice brings with him a satisfactory record from Tasmania, New South Wales, and Victoria, in which colony lie has met with enthusiastic and crowded houses in the chief cities as well as in country districts, and furthermore brings with him an established American reputation. His performance last night should, however, prove a more practical and satisfactory introduction to popular favor than even the high panegyrics which have been lavished upon him in those localities which he has already visited. The entertainment given is of a pleasantly varied character, embracing besides the Professor's individual performances an exquisite musical treat from the gifted and youthful vocalist Miss Lewis who is possessed of a soprano voice, whose brilliancy and extraordinary compass has been recognized wherever she ha6 been. The chief feature of the entertainment is, however, the astounding performances of Professor Rice as a mind reader. By some occult or subtle power he is .".ble if any person in the'audience fixes his (or her) thoughts intently upon some tangible object in the room to guide him to it, and declare what it is. The Professor states that this is done by the picturo of the object being conveyed from the brain of the subject with whom he places himself en rapport, to his own mind. Whether this be truly so, or is only an explanation intended to mystify, it is of course impossible for us to Say, but we can bear testimony from personal experience at a private scancc to the thorough genuineness and freedom from all trickery of the performance. Whether it be through the medium of electricity, electrobiology, animal magnetism or some psychic force not understood, is a mystery. All that is known is that some power is undoubtedly possessed by Professor Rice which enables him if not to fathom the inmost thoughts of the human mind, at least to discover any present object whose image is impressed upon it. It is bewildering to think to what such a power as this may lead, if it should be possible to reduce it to an absolute science. What if after all our boasting of the triumph of mind over matter, mind should be thus reduced to a material substance which can be examined and analysed as we examine and analyse a book and its contents. An illimitable Held for thought and discussion is opened out by the subject which has already been the source of endless controversy. Those who. arc interested in the study of psychological questions should not fail to see the performances of Professor Rice. On the other hand those who are content to dismiss the consideration of such questions witli the reply of a certain wit— What is mind ? No matter. What is matter 1 Never mind.—Even these may go and enjoy the amazing performances of Pi-ofessor Rice without troubling their brains with the bewildering question of how the wonders are accomplished. The entertainment would be a perfect one with the Professor himself alone, or it would be complete without him in .Miss Lewis who is undeniably a musical prodigy. Anything that this young lady may lack in cultivated taste is amply compensated for by the delicious • freshness of ilier voice which although sometimes insufficiently modulated and controlled to suit the ear of the practised critic, is ever sweet and mellow. Every song rendered was imperatively encored, and greeted with enthusiastic applause. .The young lady is only fifteen, and is a native of Stawcll whose mountain air seems favorable to the production of musical geniuses, having already sent forth Miss Alice Rees and one or two other stars of scarcely less magnitude in the musical firmament. The pleasing, unassuming manner of Miss Lewis at once ensure her the sympathy of her audiencc, and the exquisite and bewitching archness and gracc with which she sings such charming ballads as '• WitJjin a mile of Edinburgh Town" and " Comin'through the Rye" will beyond a doubt place-her upon the throne of popular favor. Mrs. Rice (Miss Fanny Marsden) is possessed of a fine contralto voice of very high merit, which was heard to advantage in the duets " Juanita," the " Danube River " and the "Nightingale." The Professor performed the Davenport rope-untying feat with greater cleverness than Baldwin whose smartness was generally admitted. But his crowning mystery was Miss Ada Foy's pellet trick. A number of the audience wrote various outlandish words on these slips, and after they were tightly folded and rolled up,the Professor by what Miss Foy declared was the aid of spirits called from the vasty deep, pressing the folded pellets (which were never out of sight of the audience) to his forehead and told the word written inside. We cannot go into a detailed account of all the wonderful tricks and illusions performed. All lovers of music should go. and as we have said will be richly rewarded by the performances of Miss Lewis. Those who delight in 1 he marvels of legerdemain will find ample i amusement provided. Persons inclined towards a Baldwin.-. Aspiring politicians and members of Parliament may see " the mysteries of the cabinet made easy." Finally all will find the entertainment a high class one varied in character, and excellent in style, and all who can do so should endeavor to see it for themselves. The GHOST scene will be produced to-night. 