CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. (FROM OUR COUllESrON'DliNT " STELLA.") PARIS, Oct. 18. The quarrelsome temper of the time still continues to assert itself in various ways. The Socialists Congress at St Etienne has been the scene of outbur t3 of passion which took the town, of pugilistic encounters so violent the the co instances had to be separated by force, when the district its having been expelled from the gathering went off to -toque and set up an opposition congress of their own At Or inn a public tun (not was offered by the Sub 1 rift t to C oLoral Billet on the conclusion of the autumn mane tyres which he had commanded and H Gaillard, the sq city for the district (in " Irre consideable ) not having been invited wrote an angry letter to Al Dnclcic the Prime Minister of the moment calling on him to remove the Sub Prefect with v public censure "M Duclos declining to gratify M Gaillard, the latter has threatened to buns this matter before the Chamber At the Ministry of Foreign Affairs one of the clerks, who had been promised, demanded an audience of the Minister, and this being refused, he saved a magnificent clock that stood on the chimney p ace of the auto room, and dashed it to pieces on the floor in Drcgf tie, the head of the "great manufacturing firm, being dr pleased at those travi0auca of his son was not at advertisement into the papers mooring the world that In will not be -in scramble for his sons debate on which the son has put a counter advertisement in of thee is no i at 011, stating that his father having cut off his supplies he appeals to the charitable for the means of living, and winding up with a doola Rosenthal 'BuU in kind will no thankfully received ' Half a-dozen duels and a handsome also Stace of murders and suicides have also IcsiPtel to the non peacefulness of the to "0 and the French Government is apparently getting, up a quarrel with the Parte for having sold to Pu Bia a piece of ground which it recently refused to sell to the french J ml ass A violent bro in the outskirts of this city having caused the death of Colonel I Poidevin x the head of the fire department-a bean failing on his head while he was directing the firemen's magnificent public funeral and testified to the regret of it for the loss of that gallant and energetic owner's"' 1 the respect inspired by his devotion to duty. Another strike mg funeral display has just taken place at Biarritz where the young Duche s of Parma had died in childbirth An immense gathering of relatives and friends attended the funeral which was managed with all the splendour of which an interment is susceptible the Duchess of Ma and came from A cue", and various other personages of royal birth and claims journeyed to state to be present at the ceremony Many others would In/a attended, but were prevented leaving by the floods in Italy and Austria, which have Suspended the running of railway trains The grand public of liner ii of Admiral Pothnat who died a week ago at the lava idea, has given Pans one of the splendid, gratuitous upon an. spectacles which. its people turn out on masse to see, forming as they always do) serpent ne s, good humour and thought appearance of even the very small plot to ' who can estimate so large a portion of nil 1 lench crowds the most 6 nking element of such displays. The funeral service was performed in the Chapel of the Invalides, superbly decorated and lighted up for the occasion, and the funeral peaces-, on the proceeded, at a slow Trail across the bridge and Place de la Concorde up the Rue Royale, and along the line of the boulevards to the cemetery by of Port I classe, Ashore many eulogistic discourses showered praise and robots on his memory. The affair was very imposing The funeral car was a most splendid aDur the four enormous wreaths, made of the -lcuistllovsoi , which were placed on the Dar-, were of novel construction and of traordinary beauty oft mg a ii it groundwork. radio of a single kind of flower, in which appeal d an ounce to an basque or other lovers. with a. near and outer border of flowers equally nth. tend clouds forming in C lovely floral me a case in ltLmanso number of troops a long line of men ning and private carriages, a great display of seven, marines, and granaries, made up a con i in which, was nearly an hour in passing any given point he might try Little was very fine and the dense crowd that lined The route of the procession seemed to take the utmost satisfaction in viewing the pageant All in he was just ended for nearly a couple of hours three Miciut Tho I c of march and the stream or omnibuses, cabs carts. and vehicles of all kinds that flowed from every crossing price, at the passing of the cottage was to ehu.u.j'o in the extremely suggest of all who were on duty for some hours keeping order among the crowds, and exerting them selves manfully to prevent ice lents won golden opinions for the office' we are on your discharge of a difficult and daug tons duty. Meantime the u cal officer of graders and million (area has been pa mg though. Paris, among others the Prince of TV ales and his sons the Grand Duke and Duchess s of Meet labour Strelitz the Grand D uko of Save M came in and his daughter, the Duke of J Edinburgh and Pm case Doige our (the morgans the side of the late Czar) who is on her va ty back to his is with her daughter. Lho J ni pic s ] agent has been slow in very quietly, but not actively, at Monday and is about to return to England after a few visits to intimate friend!;. M Grovy,hivm" apparently for shed his stock of preserves for the coming winter, has returned to the Elysee, where had rat over it and has been the place" of the bu otto to Ho high or G sick the ax Nuncio no very amiable so come tion used on this occasion between the head of the poet hat is 1 unch Republic and the new Canberra, were well calculated to excite the fund in ten of those who believe of with. Do Talleyrand, that landings was given to man to enable him to conceal his thought the 1 each Kov lists are certainly not mail bag this TIES of landing one rule of their BpLoeh at p seat. They are getting up banquets all over the country, and pro] hears,; a Ojaouy to a of the tide, which is to float' boiling to n s throne and Fiarlo into that haven of safety the JloJTohj the retort and the vi itoftLu imp actions and impress her Cousin du Lnambcrd to 1 once where h has been closed with, the Pope in the roof Keyte son of conclave, to and to have resulted in his determination to ablicVo his or ina to the Crown of France in my our of the more popular Count no P iris, who is regarded by all Legitimists as the Dauphin and na iron heir of the childless ho of the older branch The strenuous effort now being made by the Empress 1 genial and the loading Imperialists to in since the unpopular Prince tvTjpoleon to abdicate his claim in favour of Ina brilliant con Victor is believed to have suggested to the Count de Chambord! the wisdom of relinquishing a claim on his part which serves no other purpose than the 1 claim; up among the Royalist party, of a cause of division among the latter just as the claims of the unpopular son of King Toromo only serve to keep up a decorous split among the partizans of the Empire M de Lesseps, who has been spending a few days here but has just gone back to his country seat of La Chesnaia is believed to be calm ng down to a saner appreciation of the events in Egypt While it is generally admitted that ghost Tuiopo that he made a sad mistake in identifying him ok with Arabi and his pretended " vacated party no one who has a just respect for the gmt v of It conceive 1 and one used by him under lieu indus d faculties can rail to re, rest. that he should 1 thus needlessly have courted annoy area, and to desire that the termination of the Egyptian troubles i may leave him in the preponderant position in regard to the direction of his beloved canal to which his genius and devotion so richly enable him. I Messrs Moody and Sankey are among our new arrivals, and are conducting their usual services at the American Chapel in the Rue do Ben, and in the Church in the Avenue de la Grande Aimee, They are being taken up warmly by a host of sympathisers, Mostly English while the "Salvationists who came here some ten tlivao,,-» house i t ii? I lied to make friends Doing set down as amount mU Considerable scandal and a little finger has been created here by the absurd portions of a host of pri tended victims of the coup ii el it of 1851. Most of the recipients of pensions had already been made Senators, Deputies, C ounciIlor-Ooneralfl, or Municipal Councillors, ' but IUbih, cjnijionnatlon-i do not still of to assist is the spring SU at Um eosmtamtt cities spin, Of Of. the latest of the claims for compensation for ill-treatment of themselves or their parents by " the man of December-' runs as follows, the document being addressed to the members of the present Cabinet :- ' *' Citizens, Permit me to set forth my chairs to a pension as one of the victims of December 2. Un-that day, which was the eve of my appearance in the world, my mother received such it shook in her health as produced the most damaging audience on mine. I am deformed, I have bad health," and a great dislike for work; but I should like to have a pension, to which I venture to prefer a claim, as my name and incomplete make-up is due to the violent piO ceilings of a rag with, which all true wife abhor." Electricity and telephones are pursuing the brilliant course of their triumphs, new apparatus for the popu- | landing of both coming into existence every day, A j new method of producing gas from coal has been invented by a French chemist, and promises brilliant rose suit?. By this new system the coal produces from 25 to 75 per cent, more gas than it can be made to yield by the ordinary method, and the gas thus produced U . much whiter and clearer, and is free from all danger of explosion. The coke thus obtained is equally superior, as the coal is not deprived of any other element than its gas on the other hand, the coal-tar element disappears almost entirely. The inventor of this new system is patenting his discovery all over Europe, and expects to revolutionise the production of gas. The autumn exhibition of fruit, flowers, and vegetables, opened last Tuesday in the Municipal Pavilion, behind the Palace of Industry, shows some splendid samples of French horticulture. The exhibits from the National School of Agriculture at Trignon and from a horticultural school at Palaiseau have excited especial admiration, and have taken a number of models. As usual, cash prize for hothouse plants has been taken by M. Bergmann. head gardener to Baron de Roths- child, at his reign: .">,..t seat of Ferneres, a mention which recalls the splendid reception of the late Emperor, then at the height of his prosperity, in that almost royal chateau, by the late head of the house of deaths child-old Baron James-and how, when the Imperial guest having planted at the host's request a young fir tree as a souvenir of his visit, and having expressed his wish that the sapling might become a great tree, the courtly old host promptly exclaimed, " Let it grow as it may, sire, this tree will November as great as he who has planted it ! " and but a few years had passed when Emperor, empire, and all the glories of the brilliant resigned that seemed so firmly rooted had all melted away, as we know, like a dream ! 