BBOADBRIM'S NEW TOEK LETTBB. Eureka! I exclaimed, as I entered tbe Archery Grounds of tbe National Association. At last we have an amusement where a man can take his wife or his daughter without being compelled to associate with gamblers and thieves. If you go to a trotting match at a country fair, made up ostensibly of honest farmers, the chances are ten to one but you are brought in contact with every disreputable saloon-keeper and gambler within a radius of forty miles, and the chances are a hundred to one that the man is a professional gambler who owns the winning horse. It is the same at a base-ball match. Yoa can scarcely find a ball club in the country which is not infected with this infamy, and the conduct of some of them became so flagrantly offensive that respectable people were compelled to refuse them their countenance. Athletic amusement was felt to be a national necessity, but the question seemed narrowed down to a disagreeable choice whether we would become a nation of consumptives or a nation of gamblers. The ^National Archery Association has solved the enigma, deciding there is a necessity for neither, and that in archeiy is the true solution of the puzzle which has bothered us so in the past. The tournament opened on Tuesday, the 12th, with representatives from Maine to California, and no more picturesque sight has been seen in the United States in the present century. The field in which the contest took place was a beautiful lawn of forty acres, sha ven off as smooth as a piece of velvet. Forty targets were ranged on opposite sides of the field, and the ladies were accorded the post of honor in the centre. Gay flags fluttered in every direction—marking the headquarters of the different clubs—while scattered here and there, upon the field, were beautiful tents and marquees, which afforded grateful shelter to the archers and their Mends. The field, beautiful as it was, was not more striking than the appearance of the company. You saw at once that you were in the society of decent people, and that while your ears were sure of not being shocked by offensive language, your pocket-book was safe—at least while you were within the archery bounds. The scene brought back the grandest days of chivalry, when gal lant knights contested on the field of the cloth of gold ; or when Leicester, on the ver dant slopes of Kenilwortta entertained, with lavish hospitality, Elizabeth, the Virgin Queen. The weather was delightful, light clouds veiling the sun, and a soft breeze tempering the summer heat. The targets for the gentlemen were set at 100 yards, those of the ladies at 60 yards, and nothing prettier or cleaner in the way of sport was ever seen in America. There were no oaths, no tobacco smoke, except in the mild form of choice ! cigarettes, and gentle drinks like lemonade, j with the faintest suspicion of Bourbon or Sauta Cruz, while light lager, mead and other innoxious drinks furnished mild forms of dissipation with which Father Matthew could scarcely have found fault—and which would unquestionably have received the endorsement of the veteran Francis Murphy. From eleven o'clock on Tuesday, when the tournament commenced, till the sun had .sunk beneath the horizon, the air was darkened by the clouds of arrows of the manly and the fair contestants. Tbe contest developed some strange features. Archers, whose names were unknown only a few years ago, suddenly came to the front, and champions, whose fame had been national, were compelled to take a beck seat—Mrs. Gibbs, of Newark, 1ST. J., leading off with a score of 393, beating Miss Hammond, of Cineinnatti, tbe champion of last year, by over 40poiuts. Frank Walworth, of Saratoga, came to the front with a score of 763in a possible l,000while Will H. Thompson, the invincible champion of former years, gracefully retired behind a score of 745. Among the ladies' prizes was a magnifi cent Duchess of Gainsboro' leghorn hat, beau tifully trimmed with royal ostrich plumes. Whoever was the lucky winner of that hat will drive girls of her neighborhood crazy, and break the hearts of half the young men in her town. The only drawback to a Beason of unexampled enjoyment was a severe storm which burst upon the archers on Wednesday afternoon. The hurricane swept over the field with fearful fury. Targets and tents were demolished in a moment, every tent being levelled with the ground, those who took shelter beneath them miraculously escaping injury; and getting a throrough drenching before they could gain the secure shelter of the club house. This was the only circumstance to mar the general happi ness of the meeting, which was one of puiie and unqualified enjoyment. On each day thja best company in JTew York and Brooklyn, which the watering season has spared, werb present, delighted witnesses of the contests'; Jthe approbation was unlimited and universal, and we congratulate the City of Chicago, at which place the tournament is to be held next year, ou being selected as the field for the healthiest, cleanest, and most respectable sport ever seen in America. The contests over they leave behir.d naught but pleasant memo ries. We heartily commend them to our brethren in the West, and conclude with long life and happhmess to the merry archers. The statistics of crime for the year are be fore me, with the gratifying evidence that we are gradually growing better. Only six years ago, the arrests in this city were nearly 100,000 ; in 1880 they were only a little over 71,000 ; 35,000 of these bail from the United Stotes, and 27,000 hail from Ireland. Our German population, which equals the Irish, only furnishes one quarter as many criminals, and the nature of the offences for which they are convicted are generally of the lighter grades. Our Irish criminals figure largely in murders, burglaries, violent assaults, and wife beatings. Considering that only one-half the people who deserve punishment receive it, you have the gratifying assurance in Brok lyn and New York, that every fifth man or woman you ineeet in the street ought to be behind prison bars. Just think of an army of over 90,00(J thieves, burglars, murderers, drunkards—men and women—marching along. With such an element around us I wonder that we are as good as we are, and I think with the immortal Bulwer, " We. are not so bad as we seem." We are much exercised just now on the subject of an underground railway, which shall run beneath Broadway. The matter has been delayed many years because we did not like to see our graud thoroughfare torn to pieces while the road was iu the procesB of construction, and another consideration was that property- owners were afraid that it would endanger the foundations of their houses. Both of there objections have been removed by the proposition not to interfere with the street-bed at all, but to work entirely under ground. A short section of this road was finished many years ago, and was exhibited to country visitors as one of the sights of the capital, at ten cents a head. It is now pro posed to utilize this work, and make it the nucleus of the coming road. We are not as much enchanted with our elevated railroads as we were. We accept them in lieu of something better, for we expect any day to see a whole train coming smash down in the street, and that it has not occurred before thie can only be attributed to the mercy of Providence. Another pious fraud has been operating in the city. She has been working church so cieties and clergymen with the most gratify ing success. This tame it's a widow—pretty, at that—and not over thirty. Now, a good looking widow of thirty is quite irresistible. She had a son in the Hebrew Hospital, or she said she had, both of whose legs were para lyzed, and one of. whose arms was dislocated, besides suffering the loss of one of his eyes, re ceiving a serious injury to his spine, and having been accidentally shot in the head, he could hardly be considered a healthy boy. Well, this- widow wanted a little money to get medical treatment for this unhealthy boy. j Wherever she could not get ducats she was •willing to accept anything, from a pair of breeches to a bottle of whiskey ; and strange aa it may seem, ehe had drawn at various times on one charitable liquor-dealer for fourteen bottles of brandy for the suffering patient. She worked the sick racket for over three years, and as near as can be estimated, has collected in that time not far from $12,000 in cash. The Hebrew hospitals have been ransacked by the charitably inclined, but the boy with the lame legs cannot be found. Last week she came near being caught by an officer, but she ran into a building and van ished like a ghost. Look out for that pious widow! The recent hot weather has depopulated the town. Tbe railway companies are at war again. You can go from New York to Chicago for any price you please. The regular rate at present is fifteen dollars, but if you can't pay that you can go for five. Ifs au elegant time for summer tourists. Mot own ing any railway stocks, I can stand it. 