SERMONS ton THE TIMES. jNo. V. INFANT BAPTISM. The Rev. J. M. Donaldson' delivered hfe reply to the Rev. W. O. Asbton's sermons on infant baptism, at Christ Church, on last Sunday evening. He took for hiB text, Acts xvi. j 33—" And he took them' the -jatoe hour of the night and Trashed their stripes,- and was baptized, he and all his, straightway." Mr. Donaldson said :— I shall introduce my subject this evening by relating a Btory, which contains £ parable, the meaning and application of which trill be apparent—"Once upon a time two"knights, approaching each other from opposite sides, met at a point, where it so happened a warrior's shield was snspened from the bough of a tree. Said one to the other, ' What do I see ? a shield I and it is gold.' *Trnly a' shield,' said the other,' but it is not gold, for it is bronze.' Assertion waB followed by counter-assertion, aud words led to fighting-. Whilst so engaged, each doing his best to make good his words' Tritb strong arm, there came on the scene by chsnee a third person, who, seeing the knights figMing, enquired the cause of the quarrel. Learning what it was, and appealed to by both parties, be carefully examined the shield, and pronotraced them both right and both wrong. * Eor/ said he, ' it is "gold on one side and bronze- o» the other, but you have each seen only one sicte. Now change places, and you shall see- the other side.' They did so, and saw their error,-and ceased their fighting." But suppose Slfcatae friendly explanation had shown them flheir error, that no wise counsellor hnd pointed' out/ their mistake, and that each still held to hifi belief, the result must have been different),, and the duty of each would have been to maintain to the uttermost what be believed to' be true. Now, just such a shield is the test I have read, which has on one side written- infant'1 baptism, and on the other adult baptism; and' has been equally used by the advocates of : both. In itself it proves nothing whatever,-, only the abstract doctrine of baptism'; it says nothing decisive on the questions of detail -as to who are or are not the proper subjects of-; it, or as to what is the only proper mode of administration. This we must gather-from1 other sources besides the Holy Scriptures, and1 this the task which I have undertaken to dc this evening—to furnish the. historic? -proof which is the justification of the - general - custom of the Christian Church. I must say that it is not withonfc a ■■■feeling of reluctance that I return to the *-subject, - for I greatly dislike controversy of any« kind, - because whatever it may do for the^cattaa of ■• truth, it certainly is unpleasant, atid'floes not tend to brotherly love. And yet for >alL that, - to contend for the faith, as we bdVieve it, is a Christian duty, imperative no re .espe*"" cially upon a Christian minister. Therefore for me to allow this question as ib (stands at present to drop would be an act of cowardice, would be liable to misconstruction, and might be regarded as a confessiou of defeats1 It will be remembered that in rr.yifirsi; ser- - moil on this subject, I asserted th2fe=' it could ■ easily he established by a complete-chain- of historic testimony, [but which for obvious reasons I did not then produce, t-'jd <Md- not expect that the statement would be clsallengedi Since then two sermons have appe^red'va tli® Herald, dealing very fully with whole question, and purporting to I;■ ■beer preached in the Baptist Church, a^'te too?®' been composed and written by tlie ..3BH that church. In the former of the ^Jfeennona I am twitted with sarcastic severity fotf-feateBg; asserted what I had not proved- . :"il'to fcays a statement can be proved may be a petied&\+ . true assertion, whilst the giving or witsttelding: of the proof is another matter. I witiftield it •' then as thinking it unnecessary, buiitliail i proceed to give it now as briefly and £stfulij#i as possible. The line I propose to pursue is this—first to complete what I may call the second-part of the subject, the historical evidence'for --- infant baptism ; and secondly, to review the: sermons I have referred to, and reply to some-i specific points contained in them. I had shown in the previous sermon thatv the teaching of Scripture both from the Old and New Testament was clearly favorable ta the supposition that infants of Christian parents were fit subjects of baptism, both from the obvious analogy between that and circumcision in the Jewish Churcri, and the mention of whole families being baptised at the same time, which families would naturally and most probably include children. What was thus indicated, and might reasonably be inferred by an unprejudiced person was clearly proved by the customs of the church and the testimony of church history. This is the point to which we have now come. Now with regard to the Fathers as they are called, and the early church writers, I would just observe that there is 110 claim to infalli bility in their records. The doctrines which they teach are sometimes very questionable, but their testimony as to prevailing customs may be taken as reliable, dealing not with matters of opinion but of fact. Let us now turn to these early records. And here I wish it to be uuderstood that I lay no claim to origi nality of research, and I have not read all the authors I am going to quote- Bot though this may materially diminish your estimate of my learning, it will not detract from the value of the testimony which I shall now adduce in favor of infant baptism. The references are merely incidental as to a well known custom j which required neither proof nor defence. Justin Martyr, who was born near the close of the first century, in speaking of Christians contemporary with himself, says that " there were among Christians in his time many persons of both sexes, some 60 6ome 70 years old, who had been made disciples of Christ from their infancy" Now in what conceivable way could infants be made disciples of Christ except by the initiatory rite of baptism ? Irenseus, who was born in the year 97, and was a contemporary of Just-in Martyr, bears this testimony—speaking of baptism as " re generation" he mentions among those who are thus regenerated to G-od "infants, and little ones, and children." Clemens of Alexandria, who was born about the middle of the second century, wrote a book intended to instruct young Christian ■ in the practical duties of . their faith, and speaks in reference to baptism in a typical way as of 44 children taken out of the water and rising to a new life. Origen, who was bom in the second century,' visited in his travels most of the churches in the world, and records his clear testimony on behalf of infant baptism. His language is— " Let it be considered why the baptism of the church which is given for remission of sins, is by the usage of the church given to infants also ; whereas if there were nothing in infants which needed forgiveness and mercy, the grace of baptism would seem to be to them super fluous." Again he says—" Infants are bap tized for the remission of sins. Of what sins, or at what time have they sinned ? Or how can there be in infants any reason tor the laver ? unless according to thit sense of which we have spoken a little before, viz., ' No one is free from pollution, although his life upon the earth has been but a day.' And because by the sacrament of baptism native pollution is removed, therefore infants also are baptised." Again he says—" The Church received from the apostles a tradition to give baptism also to iiifants. For they to whom the divine masteries were committed knew that there is in all persons the natural pollu tion of sin, which Bhould be washed away by water and the Spirit, and on account of which also the body itself ie called 'the bodv pf sm."' In the ■ year 253, a great Synod of the Catholic Church was held, which is called -in history " The Council of Car fchage," the report of whose proceedings is furnished by 3. Cyprian. At this Council there wane present sixty-six Bishops, repre senting most parts of the Christian world. Amongst other questions which, they as sembled to discuss was this —not whether infants should be baptized, for that wge understood, but "whether infants ought to be baptized befoiv they mere eight days old?" ; eince this was the age for circumcision in the Jewish Church. The Council unanimously decided that there was no necessity for this delay, but infants might be baptized at any time. *°And iu their eynodical epistle to Fidue, the bishop who had proposed the question, they Use this language—" As to the case of infants, whereas you judge that they must sot be'baptized: within two or three days after they are bora, and that the rule of circum cision has to be obserred so that none should be baptized and sanctified before the eighth day after he is born, we were all in our Assem bly of the ooUtraiy opinion, and hold that the grace of baptism should not be denied to any infant that is born." To follow the testimony of history a little farther I shall give two or three more in stances. S. Augustine, Bishop of Hippo, in Africa, who was horn about the middle of the fourth century, bears this testimony. He says— •■And if any one do ask for Divine authority in this matter, though that which the whole Church practises, and which has not been insti tuted by Courwus but mas ever in use, is very reasonably believed to be no other than a thing delivered by authority of the apostles, yet we may, besides, take a true estimate how much this sacrament doth avail infants',by the circumcision which God's former people received we affirm that the Holy Spirit dwells in baptized infants, though they know it not." In another place, referring to the Pelagians, he says—''They grant that infants must be i"baptized, as ziot being able to oppose the au thority of the whole church, wliich was doubt less delivered by our Lord and his apostles." Again he says—" The custom of our mother, the Church, in baptizing infants must not be disregarded, nor considered needless, nor be lieved to be other than a tradition of the apostles." S. Ambrose, Bishop of Milan, who was born ; about the middle of the 4th Century, makes, amongst sundry other references to infant baptism, this remark—" 3STo person comes to the kingdom of heaven but by the sacrament of baptism; for unless a person ' be born again: of water and of the Holy Spirit he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.'" Xou see he excepts no person, not an infant, not one that is hindered by any unavoidable accident. S. Chrysostom, the Bishop of Constantinople, who was born in the fourth and lived some time into the fifth century, remarks incident ally—" And those that were baptised, some of them were children when they received it." Again, -when referring to the Jewish circum cision and the age of eight days at which it was administered, he says:—" But our cir cumcision—I mean the grace of baptism—has no determinate time as that had ; but one that is in the very beginning of Ms age, or one that is in the middle of it, or one that is in his old age may receive this circumcision made with out hands." In the same way his contemporary, Theo dore thej historian, a Syrian Bishop, speaking of baptism as conveying forgiveness of past pins, says i—"If it had no other effect than that,'what need we baptise infants, that have not tasted of sin ? " 1- have thus given you in proof of our custom of Infant Baptism the clear and con clusive [testimony of authentic history from the first four centuries—from Irenaus, who was almost contemporary with S. John,.and a disciple of Polycarp, Bishop of Smyrna, who had been a disciple of John. What was true then is true now. What was established then cannot he disproved now. Of course adult baptism would necessarily come first, and would for a time occupy a foremost place in the missionary work of the Church. But no where do we find infants excluded, but on the contrary they are mentioned as proper subjects whenever mentioned at all; and even a great Council of the Church, containing 66 bishops, decided that they might be baptised even before eight days old. I know of no possible way of making historical proof clearer, stronger, or completer than this. Therefore the general practice of the Chris tian Church is right and divinely authorized, as has been clearly shown. My next duty is to review two sermons which have appeared in the Herald since I preached the first sermon on this subject. The object of No. 1 ie to refute infant bap tism ; and the design of No. 2 is to show that immersion is the only allowable mode of administering this ordinance. ifo. 11 think I have already fully answered by the historic proof given. But there are two or three points raised which I mu«t briefly notice. With regard to the analogy which I pointed out between circumcision and baptism as usually held by the Christian Church, the writer says it is absurd and untenable for two reasons ainougst others which he gives :—(1) The analogy cannot be suetained, because only male children are the subjects of that ordi nance. This subtle question I must leave to be answered by the simple common 'sense of jny hearers. If you can do it to your own satisfaction, well; if not, let it pass. It does not greatly affect the matter, which is only a question of analogy. (2) Another ob jection is,. that others besides Jewish chil dren were circumcised—as the Arabs and the Mohammedans ; therefore it was no necessary rite of admission into the Jewish Church. This is. a strange way of reasoning. Because all who are circumcised are not Jews it does not follow that this ordinance was not necessary to and conferred membership in the Jewish Church. Xliie really proves nothing, except perhaps.a lack of logic. Part of our Lord's solemn charge to Peter, " Feed my lambs," which I adduced in favor of iufant baptism, is criticised in a manner more witty, than reverent, and more childish than witty. The expression would convey to most persons llie idea of the youthful members of the Church, such as we see in Sunday school, who would be members because—and only because—they have been baptized into it. But, says our author, " I know no wav in which Peter could have fed infants, except by spoon or bottle." This is simply a perver- j eion of t he meaning and a misstatement of the words, for the word '' infant" is an erroneous interpolation. Such are a few samples of the gay manner and loose reasoning in which this most im portant 6U*iject is treated in Sermon No. 1. If any persons are taken by the manner or convinced by the reasoning, all I shall say is, they may be very good but they are very simple people. I come now to No 2 or, as it is called, Part 2 of the sermon. One cannot read tlds with- j out being sensible of the author's very exten sive acquaintance not only with English ! theology, but also with the Greek language, i and literature, and lexicons. It is an able fermon, in which the Baptist view of i.he sub ject is skilfully set forth- But a* I consider it one-sided and incorreot, I shall endeavour j to show my reasons for holding different j views. The subject here is baptisn* bv immersion, and the question is, whether that is the only correct mode, -according to the teaching of scripture and history. Much stress is laid upon the meaning of the G-reek word baptizo •which our Lord used in His charge to the disciples, though I do not thinls that would necessarily decide the question. I had said that the word signified immersion, or pouring, or sprinkling. The writer of thi9 sermon affirms that it means only immersion, and gives his authorities. I shall now give mine and leave you to judge. This much I freely admit, that to plunge or to immerse is the primary meaning of the word baptizo, and has the most general use ; but it has also other meanings and other uses. An eminent and able critic gives -us this explanation. He says—" As it is agreed on all hands that the native Greeks are the best authority for the meaning of their own lan guage, we shall refer "the question to them." We give therefore the definition of these words only from the native Greek lexico graphers'. The oldest native Greek lexicographer is Hesychius, who lived in the fourth' ctentury of the Christian eira. He' gives only the root bapto, and the only meaning he gives the word is " to draw or pump water.". Next in order comes Suidas, a native G-reek, who wrote in the tenth century. He gives only the derivative baptizo, and defines it by " to wash." Passing o*er the intermediate Greek lexicographers we come down to the present century, at the beginning of which we find Gases, a learned Greek, who with great labor : and pains compiled a large and valuable lexi con of the Greek language. The following are his definitions of bapto and baptizo •.— bapto—to wet, moisten, bedew, to' wash, to fill, to dip, to draw, to pump water. Baptizo —to wet, moisten, bedew, to wash',t6 bathe, to draw, to pump water. These are the defi nitions of a native Greek, and are entitled to the highest deference. Whatever limitation the word may have" in profane and classic use, it certainly means more than immersion— means sprinkling or pouring in scripture. The same learned author from whom I have just quoted, has spent great labor and pains in a critical examination of the meaning of these words in the Old and Mew Testament, and gives us this as the result—that out of twenty-three cafees in which bapto occurs, it has the sense of immersion but twice; and m seventy places where baptizo is found there is not one in which it necessarily has the meaning of " to immerse." The word is used e.g., in the Greek translation of the Old \- Testament called the Septuagint, in reference to ^Nebuchadnezzar, whose' body- was wet (surely that means sprinkled and not im mersed) with, the dew of heaven. It is used in reference'to the poaring out of the Holy Spirit on the day of Pentecost, in the .words - of John the Baptist—"He shall "baptise you wiili the Holy Ghost and with fire." I turn to Robinson's Greek lexicon of the Ifew Testament (an authority quoted on the' other side), and I find amongst other mean ings this also given of baptizo—to wash, to ' cleanse by washing, to bathe, to perform ablution. He adds this sensible aud true 1 remark, with which I quite agree. " In the primitive churches, where, according to orien tal habits, bathing was to them what washing is to us, the rite appears to have been ordi narily, though not necessarily, performed by immersion." Now ! think the sum of the whole matter is this, that the word in question meant at the time, and means now, merely to administer the rite of baptism (as applied to this parti cular thing) ; that it was, so far as the spirit was concerned, a matter of no impoitance whether it was by immersion, or sprinkling, or pouring, provided that water was U6ed as the element, and the formula which our Lord appointed, the name of the Holy Trinity. Apart from the critical .meaning of the word, this might be shown iri another way. Bap tism is the only appointed mode of initiation into the Christian Church. Our Lord has commanded all believers ;to be baptised. But He never requires an impossibility, and to perform, this ceremony by immersion would in certain circumstances be impossible. In a cold climate, especially to a very delicate person, it would. be death; to a person con fined to bed it would be impossible ; whilst in such cases sprinkling or pouring water would be simple and equally efficacious. Such is the view which the Cliristian Church throughout the world (with but trifling exception) enter tained from the first, and still entertains ; and surely it would be the height of absurdity to suppose that the church had erred either through ignorance of what was right, or a desire to do what was wrong. The conclusion of the whole matter, then, I take to be this: To baptize infants—the children of Christian parents—is agreeable to the mind of Christ, to the custom of the Apostles^ and to the history of the Church. The mode of administering baptism was at first probably by immersion, but not always or necessarily so. Such is riot required by the meaning of the word, or suitable to the exigencies of human nature. Custom gene rally lias changed what at first was the excep tion into what is now the rule, in which, however, it is but a sacrifice of the. letter to the spirit* where the letter is comparatively nothing and the spirit everything.' The Bap tists are right within their own narrow limits, but they exalt the letter above the spirit, and so limit improperly the divine purposes. But in whatever manner, the thing signified is more important than the outward and visible form, viz., " a death unto sin and a new birth unto righteousness, for being by nature born in sin and the children of wratli, we a^e herebv made the children of grace": -.The great lesson which our church draws from this text is beautifully expressed in these words contained in the baptismal service, "Baptism doth re present unto us our profession, which is to follow the example of ■ our Saviour Christ, and to be made like unto Him ; that as He died and rose again for us, so should we who are baptized die from sin and rise again unto righteousness, continually mortifying all our evil and corrupt affections, and daily proceed ing in all virtue and godliness of living." ■J. have thus completed the task which I accepted as a duty, with such ability as I possess,- under a deep sense of its importance, and in a manner I hope not at variance with social courtesy and "Christian charity. I am fully convinced thnfc controversy, of this kind is almost useless for purposes of conviction, but is necessary for purposes of defence. By and bye, the friendly reconciler, Death, will come- and show us both sides of the shield, and take the veil fro~i our purblind eyes, and then shall we see even as we are seen. ' Mean time, we must contend for the faith as we' believe it; but such contention should not be for personal distinction or victory, but only that the truth of Go:l may be maintained. 