ALL SORTS AND CONDI- TIONS OF MEN. A NOVEL. CHAPTER XXXII. BUNKER AT BAY. BY WAXTEE BESANT AND JAMBS BICE, Authors of:— " Beady-money Mertiboj," " The Golden Butterfly," " By Celia's Arbour," " The Chaplain of the Fleet," <fec., &c.; Harry was thinking a good deal about the old man's strange story of the houses. There was, to be sure, little dependence to be placed in the rambling, disjointed statements made by so old a man; but then this statement was so clear and precise ; there were so many children ; there were so many houses ; three for each child; and he knew exactly what became of all those houses. If the story had been told by a man in the prime of fife it could not have been more exact and detailed. But What were the houses? Where were they? and how could he prove that they were his own ? What did Bunker get when he traded the child away ? Harry had always been of opinion that he got.a sum of money down, and that he was now ashamed of the transaction, and would fain have it remain unknown. This solution accounted, or seemed to account, for his great wrath and agitation when the' subject was mentioned. Out of a mischievous delight in making his uncle angry, Harry frequently alluded to the point. But the story of ; the houseswasabettersolutionstill;. it accounted for Mr. Bunker's agitation as well as hin wrath. But his wratn aud his terror appeared to Harry to corroborate very strongly the. old man's stoiyi And the longer he thought about it the more strongly he believed it. Harry asked his landlady -whether, in her opinion, if Mr. MafipKaht made a statement that statement was. to be 'accepted as true. Mrs. Borrnalack replied that .as he never made any statement except in reference to events long since things of the. past,'it was impossible for.her to say whether they were true or not;, that his memory was clean gone for things of the present, so that oftonday and yesterday he knew nothing; that his thoughts werealways running on the old days, and that when, he could be heard right through without dropping his voice at all he: sometimes told very interesting and curious, things. His board and lodging were paid for him by his grandson, a most respectable gentleman ana a dockmaster; andthat, as to the old mail's business, he had none, and had hail none for many years, being clean forgotten, although he did go everyday to his yard and stayed there all day long. Harry thought he would pay him another visit. Perhaps something more would be remembered. He went there again in the morning. The street, at the end of which was the yard, was as quiet as on the Sunday, the children being at school and the men at work. The great gates were closed and locked, but the small side door was unlocked. When he opened it all the figureheads turned quickly and anxiously to look at him; at least Harry declared they did, and spiritualists wiU readily believe him. Was lie, they asked, going to take one of them away "and stick it on the bow of a great ship, and send .it up and down upon the face of the ocean to the four corners of the world ? Ha! They were made for an active life; they pined away in this, inactivity; a fig for the dangers of the deep. From Saucy Sal to;Neptune they all asked the same question in the same hope. Harry shook his head, and they sighed sadly and resumed their former positions, as they were, eyes front, waiting till night should fall and the old man should go, and they could talk with each other. " This," thought Harry, " is a strange and ghostly place. 1 ' You know the cold and creepy feeling caused by the presence—albeit unseen—of ghosts; one may feel it anywhere and at all times—in church, at a theatre, in bed at night, by broad daylight, in darkness, oi in twib'ght. This was in the sunshine of a bright _ December day—the last days of the year eighty-one were singularly bright and gracious ; the place was no dark chamber or gloomy vault, but a broad and open yard, cheerfully decorated with carved figureheads. Yet even here Harry experienced the touch of ghostliness. The place was so strange that it did not astonish him at all to see the old man suddenly appear in the door of his doll's house, waving his hand and smiling cheerily, as one who speeds the parting guest. The salutations were not intended for Harry, because Mr. Maliphant was not looking at him. Presently he ceased gesticulating, became suddenly serious (as happens to one when his friend's back is turned or he has vanished), and returned to his seat by the fire. Harry softly followed and stood before him, waiting to be recognised. The old man looked up at last and nodded his head. " Been entertaining your friends, Mr. Mali phant ?" " Bob was here, only Bob. You have just missed Bob," he replied. " That's a pity. Never mind. Can you my ancient, carry your memory back some twenty years ? You did it, you know, last Sunday for me." "Twenty years? Ay—ay—twenty years, I was only sixty-five or so, then. It seems a long time until it is gone. Twenty years Well, young man, twenty years. Why, it is only yesterday." " I mean to the time when Caroline Coppin, you know, your old friend Caroline, was married." " That was twenty years before, and more when William the Fourth died and Queen Victoria, then a young thing, came long to reign over us—" his voice sank and he continued the rest of his reminiscence to himself. " But Caroline Coppin?" "I'm telling you about Caroline Coppin, only you won't listen." There was nothing more to be got out of him. His recent conversation with Bob's spirit had muddled him for the day, and he mixed up Caroline with her mother or grandmother. He relapsed into silence, and sat with his long pipe unfilled in his hand, looking into the fireplace—gone back in imagination to the past. As the old man made no sign of conversation, but rather of a disposition to drop ofT for a few minutes, Harry began to look about the loom. On the table lay a bundle of old letters. It was as if the living a nd the dead had been reading them together. Harry cook them up and turned them over, wondering what secrets of long ago were contained in those yellow papers with their faded ink. The old man's eyes were closed. He took no heed of his visitor, aud Harry, standing at the table, began shamelessly to l ead the letters. They were mostly the letters of a young sailor addressed to one apparently a good deal older than himself, for tney abounded in such appellations as "my ancient," " vene rable," "'old salt," and so forth; but the young man did not regard his correspondent with the awe which age should inspire, but rather as a gay and rollicking spirit who would sympathise with the high jinks of younger men even if he no longer shared in them, and who was an old and still delighted tieader of those flowery paths which are said by moralists to be planted with the frequent pitfall and the crafty trap. The old man, thought Harry, must have been an admirable guide to youth, and the disciple was apt to leam. Sometimes the letters were signed Bob, sometimes R. Coppin, sometimes K,. C. Harry therefore surmised that the writer was no other than his own Uncle Bob, whose ghost he had just missed. Bob was an officer on board of an East Indiaman ; but he spoke not of such commonplace matters as the face of ocean or the voice of the tempest. He only wrote from port, and told what things he had seen and done on shore, and what he had consumed in ardent drink. The letters were brief, which seemed as well, because if literary skill had been present, to dress up effectively the subjects treated, a literary monument might have been erected, the like of which the world has never seen. It is, indeed, a most curious and remarkable circumstance that even in realistic France, the true course of the Prodigal has never been faithfully described. Now, the great advantage formerly possessed by the sailor—an advantage cruelly curtailed by the establishment of Homes and the introduction of Temperance —was that he could be, and was, a Prodigal at the end of every cruise, while the voyage itself was an agreeable interval provided for recovery, recollection, and anticipation. " Bob — Uncle Bob — was a flyer," said Harry. " One should be proud of such an uncle. With Boh, and Bunker, and the bankrupt Builder, I am indeed provided." There seemed nothing in the letters which bore upon the question of his mother's property, and he was going to put them down again when he lighted upon a torn fragment on which he saw, in Bobs big handwriting, the name of his cousin Josephus. "Josephus, my cousin, that he will"—here a break iu the continuity—"ndthe safe the bundle" — another break — " for a lark. Josephus is a Square-toes. I hate a man who won't drink. He will"—another break—" if he looks there. Your health and song, shipmet. R. C." He read this fragment two or three times over. What did it mean ? Clearly, nothing to himself. "Josephus is a Square-toes." Very likely; the Prodigal Bob was not; quite the contrary ; he was a young man of extremely mercurial temperament. "Josephus, my cousin, that he will . . . nd the safe the bundle." He put down the paper and then, without waking the old man, he softly left the room and the place, shutting the door behind him.. And then he forgot immediately the torn letter and its allusion to Josephus. He thought, nest, that he would go to Bunker and put the question directly to him. The man might be terrified; might show confusion ; might tell lies. That would matter little. But if he showed his hand too soon, Bunker might be put upon his guard. Well, that mattered little. What Harry hoped was rather to get at the truth than to recover his houses. " I want," he said, finding his uncle at home and engaged in his office, drawing up bills, " I want a few words of serious talk with you, my uncle." "Iam busy; go away. I never want to talk to you. I bate the very sight of your face." He looked, indeed, as if he did, if a flushing cheek and an angry glare of the eyes are any Sign. "I am not going away until you have answered my questions. As to your hatred or your affection that does not concern me at all. Now, will you listen, or shall I wait ?" "To get rid of you the sooner,'' Bunker growled, " I will listen now. If I was twenty years younger, I'd kick you out." "If you were twenty years younger, there might, it is true, be a fight. Now then." * Well, get along. My time is valuable." " I have several times asked you what you got for me when you sold me. You have on those occasions allowed yourself to fall into a rage which is really dangerous in so stout a man. I am not going to ask you that question any more." Mr. Bunfrer looked relieved. " Because, you see, I know now' what you got." Mr. Bunker turned very pale. " What do you know ? "I know exactly what you got when I was taken away." Mr. Bunker said nothing.. Yet there, was in his eyes & look as if a critical moment, long expected, had at last arrived. And he waited. " When my mother died, and you became my guardian, I was not left penniless." "Ifs a lie. You were." " If I had been you would have handed me over to your brother-in-law, Coppin the builder. But I had property." " You had nothing." " I had three houses." One of, those houses is, I believe, that -which has been Tented— from you—by Miss Kennedy. I do not know yet where the other two are, but I shall find out." " You are oh a wrong tack," said his uncle. "Now I know why you wouldn't go away. You came here to ferret and fish, aid you? You thought you were entitled to property, did you? Ho ! You're a nice sort o chap to have house property, ain't you ? Ha! Ho!" But his laughter was not mirthful. " Let me point out to you," Hany went on, gravely, "what it is you have done. The child whom you kept for a year or two was heir to a small estate, bringing in, I suppose, about eighty or a hundred pounds a year. We will say that you were entitled to keep that money in return for his support. But when that child was carried away and adopted you said nothing about the property. You kept it for yourself, and you have received the rents year after year, as if the houses belonged to you? Shall I go on and tell you what Judges and lawyers and police people call this sort of conduct ?" "Where's your proofs?" asked the other, his face betraying his emotion. " Where's your proofs ?" " I have none vet. I am going to search for those proofs. "You can't find them. There are none. Now, young man, you've had your say and you can go. Do you hear? You can go.' " You deny, then, that the houses were mine?" " If you'd come to me, meek and lowly, as is your humble station in life, I would ha' told you the history of those houses. Yes, your mother had them, same as her brothers and her sister. Where are they now ? I've got 'em; I've got 'em all. How did I get 'em? By lawful and 'honourable purchase. I bought 'em. Do you want proofs? You shan't have any proofs. If you'd behaved humble you should ha' seen those proofs. Now you may go away and do your worst. Do you hear You may do your worst." He shook his fist in Hiarry's face; his words were brave, but his voice was shaky, and his lips were trembling. *' I don't believe you," said Harry; " I am certain that you aid not buy my houses. There was no one left to care for my interests, and you took those houses." "This is the reward," said Mr. Bunker, " for nupsin' of this child for nigh upon three years. Who would take an orphan into his bosom ? But it was right, and Pd do it again. Yes ; I'd do it again." ' 'I don't doubt you," the ungrateful nephew replied, " especially if that other orphan had three substantial houses and there was nobody but yourself to look after him." "Ask for your proofs; go and look for them. When you've found 'em, bring 'em to me. You and your proofs." Harry laughed. " I shall find them," he said, "but I don't know where or when. Meanwhile, you will go on, as you do now, thinking continually that they may be found ; you won't be able to sleep at night; you wiU dream of police courts; you will let your thoughts run on handcuffs ; you will take to drink; von will have no pleasure in your life ; you will hasten your end ; you will—" here he desisted, for his uncle, dropping infw his chair, looked as if he was about to swoon. "Remember, I shall find these proofs some day. A hundred a year for twenty years is two thousand pounds. That's a large sum to hand over, and then there is the interest. Upon my word, my uncle, you will have to begin the world again." CHAPTER XXXHL MR. BUNKER'S LETTER. Two days after this Angela received a very wonderful letter. It was addressed to Miss Messenger, and was signed Benjamin Bunker. It ran as follows :— "Honoured Miss—As an old and humble friend of your late lamented grandfather, whose loss 1 can never recover from nor has it yet been made up to me in any way'— Angela laughed—'I venture to address you the following lines in secrecy and confidence, knowing that what ought not to be concealed should be told in the proper quarter, which is you Miss and none other. " Everybody in these parts knows me ; everybody knows Bunker, your grandfather's right-hand man ; wherefore, what I write is no other design than to warn you and to put you on your guard against the deceitful and such as would abuse your confidingness, being but young as yet, and therefore ignorant of dodges, and easy come round. " You have been come round, and that in such a shameful way that I cannot bear myself any longer, and must take the liberty of telling you so, being an old and confidential adviser; your grandfather used to say that even the brewerv wouldn't be where it is now if it hadn't been for me, not to speak of the house property, which is now a profitable in vestment with rents regular and respectable tenants, whereas before I took it in hand the houses was out of repair, the rents backward, and the tenants too often such as.would bring discredit on any estate. I therefore beg to warn you against two persons —young, I am sorry to say, which makes it worse, because it is only the old who should be thus depraved—whom you have benefited, and they are unworthy of it. " One of them is a certain Miss Kennedy, a dressmaker, at least she says so. The other is, I write this with the blush of indignant shame, my own nephew, whose name is Harry Goslett.' " Bunker, Bunker !" murmured Angela, " Is this fair to your own tenant and your own nephew ?" " As regards my nephew, you have never enquired about him, and it was out of your kindness and a desire to mark your sense of me that you gave him a berth in the brewery. That young man, Miss, who calls himself a cabinetmaker and doesn't seem to know that a joiner is one thing and a cabinetmaker another, now does the joinery for the brewery, and makes, I am told, as much as two pound a week, being a handy chap. If you had asked me first, I should have told you that he is a lazy, indolent, free-and-easy, disrespectful, dangerous young man. He has been no one knows where; no one knows where he has worked, except that he talks about America ; lie looks like a betting nun ; I believe he driuks of a night; he has been living like a gentleman, doing no work, aud, I believe, though up to the present I haven't found out for certain, that he has been in trouble and knows what is a convict's feelings when the key is turned. Because he is such a disgrace to the family, for his motlier was a Coppin and came of a respectable Whitecliapel stock, though not equal to the Bunkers or the Messengers, I went to him aud offered him five-and-tvventy pouud out of n.y slender stock to go away and never come back any more to disgrace us. t'ive-andtwenty pound I would have given to save Messengers Brewery from such a villaiu." "Bunker, Bunker— !: murmured Angela, again. "But be wouldn't take the money. \ou thought to do me a good turn, and you done youiself a bad one. I don't know what mischief he has already done in the brewery, and perhaps he is watched ; if so it may not yet be too late. Send him about his business. Make him go. You can then consider some other way of making it up to me for all that work for your grandfather whereof you now sweetly reap the benefit. " The other case. Miss, is that of th*; young woman, Kennedy by name, the dressmaker." " What of her, Bunker ?" asked Angela. "I hear that you are givin' her your custom, not knowing, may be, the kind of woman she is nor the mischief she's about. She s got a house of mine on false pretences." Really, Mr. Bunker," said Angela," you are too bad." " Otherwise I would'nt let her have it, and at the end of the year out she goes. She has persuaded a lot of foolish girls, once contented with their lowly lot and thankful for their wages and their work, nor inclined to grumble when hours was long and work had to be done. She has promised them the profits, and meantime she feeds them up so that their eyes swell out with fatness. She gives them short hours, and sends them out into the garden to play games. Games, if you please, and short hours for such as them. In the evening it's worse ; for then they play and sing and dance, having young me.i to caper about with them, aud you can hear them_ half a mile up the Mile-End-road so that it is a scandal to Stepney Green, once respectable, and the police will probably interfere. Where she came from, who she was, how she got her money, we don't know. Some say one thing, some say another, whatever they say it's a bad way. The wor3t is that when she smashes—as she must, because no ladies who respect virtue and humblemindedness with contentment will employ _ her—is that the other dressmakers and shops will have nothing to do with her girls, so that what will happen to them no one can tell. "I thpiight it right, Miss, to give you this information, because it is certain that if you withdraw your support from these two undeserving people, they must go away, which as a respectable Stepney man, I unite in wishing may happen before long, when the girls shall go on again as before, and leave dancing and singing to the rich, and be humble and contented with the crust to which they were born. "And as regards the kindness you were meditating towards me, Miss, I think I may say that none of my nephews—one of whom is a Radical, and another a Captain in the' Salvation Army — deserves to receive any benefits at your hands, least of all that villain who works in the brewery. Wherefore, it may take the form of something for myself. And it is not for me to tell you, Miss, how much that something ought to be for a man in years, of respectable station, and once the confidential mend of your grandfather, and prevented thereby from saving as much as he had otherwise a right to expect. " I remain, Miss, your humble servant, " BENJAMIN BUNKER." " This," said Angela, " is a very impudent letter. How shall we bring him to book for it?" When she learned, as she speedily did, the great mystery about the houses and the Coppin property, she began to understand the letter, the contents of which she kept to herself for the present. This was perhaps for the theory implied rather than stated in the letter, that both should be ordered to go, for if one only was turned out of work both would stay. This theory made her smile and blush, and pleased her, insomuch that she was not so angry as she might otherwise have been, and should have been, with the crafty double-dealer who wrote the letter. It happened that Mr. Bunker had business on Stepney Green that morning while Angela was reading the letter. She saw him from the window, and could not resist the temptation to invite him to step in. He came, not in the least abashed, and with no tell-tale signal of confusion in his rosy cheeks. "Come in, Mr. Bunker," said Angela. "Come in, I want five minutes' talk with you. This way, please, where we can be alone." She led him into the refectory, because Daniel Fagg was in the drawing-room. " I have Deen thinking, Mr. Bunker," she said, " how very, very fortunate I was to fall into such hands as yours, when I came to Stepnev." "You were, Miss, you were. That was a fall, as one may say, which meant a rise." "I am sure it (fid, Mr. Bunker. You do not often come to see us, but I hope you approve of our plans." " As for that," he replied, " it isn't my business. People come to me and I put them in the way. How they run in the way is not my business^ to enquire. As for you and your girls, now, if yod make the concern go, you may thank me for it. If you don't, why it isn t my fault." " Very well put, indeed, Mr. Bunker. In six months the first year, for which I prepaid the rent, will come to an end." "It will" " We shall then have to consider a fresh agreement. Iwas thinking, Mr. Bunker, that seeing how good a man you are, and how generous, you would like to make your rent, like the wages of the girls, depend upon the profits of the business. " What?"heasked. Angela repeated her proposition. He rose, buttoned his coat, and put on his hat. •* Rent depend on profits ? Is the girl mad ? Rent comes first and before anything else. Rent is even before taxes; and as for rates— but you're mad. My rent depend on profits ? Rent, Miss, is sacred. Remember that." " Oh !" said Angela. " And what is more," he added. " People who don't pay up get sold up. It's a Christian duty to sell 'em up. I couldn't let off even my own nephews." „ As for one of them, you would like to sell him up, would you not. Mr. Bunker?" "I would," he repliea truthfully, " I should like to see him out of the place. You know what I told you when you came. Have nothing to do, I said, with that chap. Keep him at arm's length, for he is a bad lot. Now you see what he has brought you to. Singin', dancin', playn', laughin', every night; respectable ladies driven away from your shop; many actually kept out of the place; expenses doubled; all through him. What's more—bankruptcy ahead! Don't I know that not a lady in Stepney or Mile-End comes here? Don't I know that you depend upon your West- End connection ? When that goes, where are you ? And all for the sake of that pink and white chap! Well, when one goes, the other'll go too, I suppose. Rent out of profits, indeed ! No ; no Miss, it'll do you good to learn a little business even if you do get sold up." " Thank you, Mr. Bunker. Do you know, I do not think you will ever have the pleasure of selling me up." She laughed so merrily that he felt he hated her quite as much as lie hated his nephew. Wh>, six months before, no one laughed in Stepney at all; and to tbink that any one should laugh at him would have been an impossible dream. '"You laugh," he said, gravelv, "andyet you are on the brink of ruin. Where's your character? Wrapped up with the character of that young man. Where's your business ? Drove away—by him. You laugh. Ah ! I'm sorry for you, Miss, because I thought at one time you were a plain-spoken, honest sort of young woman; if I'd ha' known that you meant to use my house—mine—the friend of all the respectable tradesmen—for such wicked fads as now disgrace it, I'd never ha' taken you for a tenant. " Oh ! yes you would, Mr. Bunker." She laughed again, but not merrily this time. " Oh! yes—you would. You forget the fittings and the furniture, the rent paid in advance, and the half-crown an hour for advice. Is there anything, I should like to know, that you would not do for lialf-a-crown an hour?" He made no reply. " Why, again, do you hate your nephew ? What injury have you done him, that you should bear him such ill-will ? This, which was not altogether a shot in the dark, went straight to Mr. Bunker's heart. He said nothing, but put on his hat and rushed out. Clearly these two between them would drive him mad. 