THE land difliculty in Ireland has beeu ;i burning question not only for that unhappy country itself, but for Great Britain also. It created a bitier feeling iu Parliament before the Act intended to redress the more glaring wrongs of the Irish tenants Issued ) therefrom, and it still continues to exercise a most baleful influence upon the fortunes of the people resident in the Emerald Isle. But tliere is a land question in England also, aud in {Scotland too. And discussion and enquiry are proceeding .upon them with intense earnestness and keen anxiety. The conditions under which the soil has been cultivated must be changed. Foreign competition, and ciimati c unpropitiousuess have caused the returns from the soil to contract within very diminished proportions. There are six hundred thousand tenant farmers, and more tliau a million and quarter of agricultural laborers in England and the sufferings which have come upon this vast body of people have been truly alarming. The farmer's capital has been swallowed up in the bad'-harvests and low prices, and the laborers scanty fare has been made harder. The acerage of wheat last yei-.r declined in quantity over 100,000 acres; the previous year there were 2,909,000 acres of wheat plant* d, while List year the total was a trifle over 2,800,000 acres. In bailey the diminution was slid greater, indeed very much greater. This decline iu the average extent of corn production has not been counterbalanced by an adequate return as grass land. The position of the farmers both iu arable and pasture land has been a declining one j not &o; much so in the latter us the former, because the subtraction from the corn to be utilised as pasturage has helped the one at the expense of the other. The total number of sheep, lias decreased in one year, more than two millions, or three millions and a half if the number of the past year be compared with two years before. Iu ten years, from 1871 to 1881, one million of acres of corn and green crop lands have been laid down in permanent pasturage, representing an annual deficiency in those linos of eight millions, the greater portion of which is an actual loss, as it is required to keep up the livestock ot the country, but which it has not done respecting sheep, although the number of oxen has increased. There was a time when bad seasons did not mean such a loss to the farmer. Deficiency of crops was compensated for by increase of price. Bad seasons for yield were just as good for the landlord and tenant as a prolific return, the enhanced price making up the difference. Of course there was a vast difference to the bulk of the people. They had to pay a higher price for bread, and in some seasons the prices were at almost starvation rates. Such does not happen now. The removal of the impost from corn allows the supplies of other countries free ingress to England to the great benefit of the consumer. In the year 1879, that very bad year for .the English harv.est, owing to the abundant American supplies, the pi ice was exceptionally low. The improvement of tlie English farmers cannot arise fiom any fostering achemes in the shape of duties on ioreign corn ; whatever may be the merits of protection the people's foo-T must escape. A return to protection in the shape of corn duties the people would rise en masse against. If corn cannot be grown so as to compete with other countries it must be given, up. That is inevitable. Aud if this branch of agriculture should continue to contract as it has done during the past ten years, Great Britain is within a measurable distance of that result, and not a very long one either. From 1870 to 1880 the area j undsr wheat decreased within a fraction of 600,000 acres, and 600,000 against a total of three and a halfmillions comes well up to the enormous result of nearly twenty per cent. The first year of the next decade, extending from 1880, namely the year 1881, continues the same in an increasing ratio. The termination of the ten years from 1880 to 1890 will witness if continuing as the first year has shown, a further diminution of 1,000,000 acres of wheat It is no wonder the country is- alarmed at the prospect, and that great numbeis of the beat men of England should give their attention to the consideration of the problem, how to avert this disastrous state of things, and if possible restore a legitimately prosperous condition of agriculture. It is said that it can be done, but legislation must come to the rescue. IL the past legislation has, in relation to the land, mainly promoted the interests of the owners and the collection of their rents, now it raust protect the interests of the tenant for the good of the country. Private bills have been drafted which il they could receive Parliamentary sanction, would, it is contended, ameliorate the existing state of affairs. The graat principle underlying them is that to compete with America, land must be made more productive. Adopting this is us an imperative starting poiut, the question has been, is that practicable, or i s it practicable on a remunerative basis 1 To that an affirmative reply has been given. But a larger amount mubt be invested in the soil; the farmer mu3t be able to expend £10 where he would only spend £5. And this leads up to the question of improsemen's. Whose a:e th y, the landlord's or the tenant's ? The tenant makes them, but the landlords can claim them, according to the existing laws— yes, the landlords can confiscate the equitable property of the tenants! The aim of tlie bills referred to above is to alter this, ta allow the tenant to claim his own, and to prevent theland- 'ord from taking moie than his own. If the farmer has expended ^10 on the soil, and only one half of its reproductive capacity has been used up, he shall be abl' 4 . to obtain a fair market value for the other half, should circum* stances make it necessary or expedient tint ho should give up his fur in. The English Farmers' Alliance, and the Scottish Chamber of Agriculture, have taken this position, and have shown not only what they think is necessary, but how it may be done, by drawing up schemes respectively, for Parliamentary endorsement, for it is to those bodies the paternity ot the piivate bills we have made reference to belongs. Tun selectors in the Hundred of Cunningham have not had rosy times of it during t'te past live years. Their crops have frequently promised well, but the promise lias been greater than the fulfilment. The consequence is that the farmers have spent most of their money and now find that they cannot without great difficulty meet the payments for their land which are falling due—and some of them cannot pay their instalments at all. Under the present law the only course open to thorn is forfeiture of their holdings, unless the Government will consent to deal very leniently with them. They have, therefore, called a public meeting of selectors, to be held at the Dowlingville Post-office, on Wednesday, February 15, for the purpose of " considering the desirability of petitioning the Government to alter the present Land Laws." No doubt there will be a good number of selectors present, and probably they will be fully prepared with definite and detailed statements which will clearly show that they have good reason for prefer ring any request they may make. It will also be wisdom on their part to prepare some definite scheme, the adoption of which will relieve their distress, and which they will be prepared to lay before the Government. The farmers in this district have]been fairly self-reliant, and as their crops have been partial failures for five years running they can scarcely be : said to be crying out before they are hurt. * * * * OUR Kilkerran correspondent states that the best crops in his neighborhood are those that have been taken off " mullenized" land. Now, it would be a good plan if tlie farmers would endeavor to get definite information on this matter by comparing notes at the next meeting of the branches of the Farmers' Association in those districts where " mullenizing" has been anything like extensively practised during the past year. Let those farmers who have cultivated their land in the customary way state the number of bushels they have reaped to the acre, and let those who have " mullenized" their land do likewise. By thus comparing notes, and discussing the question, on such data as may be furnished, some reliable information may be elicited which may prove valuable for the future guidance of farmers. The same thing might be done with reference to experiments of any kin 1 that may have been tried during the past year, and the meetings of. the various branches of the Association may be thus made both interesting and profitable. * * * * * WE suppose we must blame the recent financial failures in Europe for the fall in the price of copper. These failures have made money tighter, and business will suffer considerably, no doubt. But when the financial trouble is over and Spring sets in, we may expect business to improve again, aud the price of copper will again rise, though it lias received an ugly and unwelcome check in its upward tendency. m THE Moonta Corporation definitely deal with the offer of the liquidators of the Gas Company at its last meeting. The Council does not care to increase its liabilities, and unless, very decided actiop is taken by the ratepayers in favpr of purchasing the plant, the Council will taka no further steps in the matter! We believe the course which they have adopted will be tacitly endorsed by the majority of the ratepayers, for the general opinion appears to be unfavorable to the purchase of the plant, although all the business portion of the community will regret having to resort to kerosene lamps, after having had gas for so many years. Arid we suppose that is what the I'pshot will be if no local purchaser can he found. • * • * • IN Tuesday's Advertiser appeared a paragraph concerning a case of suspended animation, which was said to have occurred in a convent near Adelaide. It was related that one of the nuns who bad been ailing apparently died. The undertaker was sent for and when he attempted tomeasure what he thought was a corpse,, the young lady rose up and - asked for a. glass of toater, much to his consternation. In Wednesday's issue the Advertiser states that there was not the slightost foundation for the report and expresses regret that it appeared in its columns. Our contemporary will not thank the man who furnished the information, for its having thus to confess that it has been "got at." * • * » * * THEBK is ( writes a contemporary) division of opinion among the Presbytbtfan ministers in Cleveland, Ohio, over the question whether they are justified in furnishing the manusreipts of their sep» mons on Sunday for publication in the Monday newspapers. Some of them will not furnish their MSS. to the papers till after midnight on Sunday, while others contend that the publication of a religious discourse is akin to preaching, aud, therefore, that setting up sermons in tpy« is a perfectly legitimate employment on the Sabbatli. — The opinion of those who contend for publication]might change, as to there being no difference between the publication and preaching of sermons if they happened to hear the prayers of the comps. when the manuscript is somewhat mixed or specially cloudy. • * • * AUSTRIA and Russia are apparently shaking their fists in each others faces. Austria wanted to get soldiers from Bosnia and Herzegovina, but the people did not want to bo drafted into the Austrian army. They protested and thau rebelled. Russia does not like the manner in which Austria is seeking to extend her influenca in Dalmatia, and it is said the insurgents are being led by Russian officers. If the report be true is not surprising. Those who knew the policy of Russia will say it is only what might be expected. But if Russia is backing the insurgents we may look out for strained relati ins, and perhaps blows b-tween the two Impeijni powers. ^^ * * * * « THE Garonne passengers were looking forward to a speedy rele ise, but on Wednesday their hopes began to decline when it was reported that one of the third-class passengers was suffering from sore throat and that it was possible he might be sickening for smallpox. Yesterday, however, their hopes began to rise again, when Doctor O'Leary aunourcjd that hewas only suffering from cold, and now they regard with a great degree of pleasure the prospect of being able speedily to join their friends. * * * * AN admirible anecdote is kept alive in moral books, which ought to lie before our eyes in semi-tropical northern South Australia. A man came to Mahomet and told him that his f.ither was. dead. What was he to do best to honor his memory? The sage old fellow replied to the young man—'Tf you would make his memory immortal dig a well, and call it by his name" The scene occurred in a dry country, where water was and is the chiefest treasure. Moral—If we want to honor any public man or if any public man wants to honor himself, Jet a well be dtig, or consign his name to a dam : So shall he live in blessings—as long as the 3 wa*er lasts ! IN the Corni&hman; we notice a discussion on "The charm of the dead man's hand." The following is a letter addressed to the Editor :—Sir,—I read with interest the note on ''Ghosts and Witchcraft" in your issue of the 24th ult. I am one of those who can bear testimony to the fact of a cure having been effected by the means named. I was bora with a disfigurement on my upper lip. My mother felt great anxiety about this, so my nurse proposed that a dead man's hand be passed seven times over the lip. 1 was t aken to the house of one Robin Gendall, Causewayhead, who at that time was lying dead, and his hand was passed over my lip in the manner named. By slow degrees my friends had the satisfaction of seeing that the charm had taken effect." 