OURt lOBslR:;iLETTEit. (r,,o. one own coneseaveoNUENTr.) SAT6REAY. A case which. ought- to evoke the in iorest of sneio Christiair ladisn iti a direc tion in which it is too little shown tran spired at the Police Court yesterday. . t Vwoman was charged wvith lieeprig a h]hlo of ill-falme, and one of the witlrpieso obtained by the pllier agrlinsto 'lir.ys is r young girl 15 years old, whoot tho I wretched wonm1n had persuaded to aluopt a sinful life. In reply.to thlo Police Magistrati, ohe oatated aho had lbeei living with the woman three :'moiths, adid ox pressel. her t:illino nc: to ii uithoi life and go to some resapretalho iiploynment. The Police MI:gistrate. rdol?r?kd 'to Mr. Pedder that it waso surtya oasq ffr teono bonovolent ligly to fry nild tlpkoj ih?toand and priooird the girl a esitat on'1 in the country, 'o as to break' thb o'vi:,olnonno t tioensshe ha;l u'ifortinoitaey forneod. The Filibtoristors noded qit? a 'aynrablh c imnpression at the concert given la't nighlit b under their manageoinit for the benefit of a lady and her childlron.':, ,Tho object of tlhe concert wts ia poipular one, and the tl geontleman who took it mn hainl suecceeded in carrying it. to success in every way. ' The hall was crowded, and a largo number b had to stand, but the concert was qull-. cieotlyattractive to retain a largo audience to the finish. Tihe playing of the 'Busters, as they are familiarly termed, was rather C a supriso to those who had not previously heard them, and it is safe to predict that they will, under their able loader, Ilorr Schott, form one of the loading features in the musical ability of t the city. Their playing is chiefly remarkable for the manner in which total effects are produced, and the ab sence of bursts of individuality which sometimes disagrecably mar the playing of amateur brass bands. Herr Schott contriluted one of his unirivrlled oboe solos, selections fron " Lucretia Borgia," and received a round of applause which c unmistakably meant encore, but the soloist was compolled to decline the call on account of indisposition. One of the host rendered itoms in the progranuno was a 1 lquartette for two pianos arranged by Archer, which the lady and gentlemen amateurs played in a most offectveo man nor. A lady amateurcontributed "Golden Love," and sang it in a particularly pleasing manner. Of the local items three were songs composed by Mr. F. A. Packer, one of which, ' Susie Bell," wasi sting by Mr. II. Packer, but the really lile song is not suited for that gentleman, who has done far better in other songs. A fatal occurrenoce was reported this week from Sorell Crook. Mrs. IHansen, wife of Mr. Jens lHanson, who resides at Soroll Creek, left her house on Wednes day morning shortly after breakfast,.and was not discovered till one o'clock, lwhen she was found by the soarchl party which her abseoce had induced the huehand to initiate, lying drowned in tihe rivilot, half a mile away from the house. The uenfor tunato woman had been snfllritig from some mental derangement, for whicho she hid been placed under treatment at the General Hospital last month, but was subsequently brought hlomo againi She left her home while her husband and son woere away engaged at work on the farm, taking a shawl and basket with her, which wore found near a log crosiing the creek, and led to the discovery of the body. An inquoest was hold, and a verdict retiuted that deceased met with her death ffbmo drowning, whilst temporarily insane. The Marine Board, having the charge of lighting the Queen's highway, scom to: have taken for their motto Gotthe'scolele brated cry "More light," and to be putting it in force in a very general way. At the last meeting of the Board a list of magazines and newspapers and a reducedl scale of chargeos from Meossra. Wealch and Son were submitted to the members as the outcome of a conversation which took place some time ago, when a general do sire was expressed to furnish thie mon: in the employ of the Board witl some roeal ing to relieve the monotony of their lonely lives. The life of a lighthouse keeper, cut off from the busy contreo of human existonce, has been ofteorf siaczd upon by writers of romaiidcoans ffering thld basis of a strange psychological story, and truly lives spent in such a limited en vironoment deserve any attention which can add ever so little amenity to their' lonely and eminontly usoful occupation. The idea is a very praiseworthy one, and it is to be hoped that the Board will seeo its way clear to arr.ago for a supply of interesting periodicals, which could be oxchangod from station to station by the store ships which visit the lighthousoes from time to time.. Another very good suggestion , was made at the special meoeting of the Marine Board hold to-day. The severo gales which have been rather freqiuent. ih the' Straits lately have shown us how much we are removed from communication with. the Straits, though but a few miles away from the coentres of population. The project is to extend the land telegraph to some point opposite Swai Island,' and then join the island with the telegraph system of the colony by a cable. The distance is only about three miles, and the importance of having communication with such a station is very great. Not only could ships bound in oP out be reported daily, but it would frequently result- in mitigating the concequonces of shipwreck, for instead of a wreck having to be reported at George Town, as at present, before any real assistance can be sent out, it could he reported at Swan Island, which is much more likely to be nearer the scene of snue a Catastropho. The practical good of such a work would warrant efforts being made to induce Parliament to sanctiosi the expenditure. The etlort to breed oand fatten oysters in Tasiianie, about which several tflat tering paragraphs have been written in the English papers, hlas been given up by" the Association which started for that pirpose between two and three years ago. Three thousand oysters were obtained, and placed in prepared beds constructedi at Oyster Cove, where it was expected as that locality had been tihe natural home of the oyster, when the ncecstors of Billy Laony gulped them dowsn without, pepper and vinlegar, nor looked for porter afterwards- that thie .mnclh appreciated bivalve would wax fait, thrive, and moltiply tlheir species. But things have evidently changed, for notwithlstanding the beautiful beds prepared, the oysters refused to multiply, and grdw so thin that a few whichl were examined when last the onilcers of the Assoeintion visited the locality, were notlhing but heard, and very little of that. A troublqsomoe weed invaded the hlabitation, growing all over the facines, mordes, and wattles, and thrived wonderfully in the water, whichl yielded so little nourishment to the oysters that they were molancholy spectacles when opened. Gales destroyed some of the work, and the mod silted up over the beds, smothering the oysters in parts. Under these circumstances the directors of the Company felt it useless to spend more money, and recommoenOded windilg up the Association and dividing the aseots. This proplosal was adoptedl by thie shareholders, though, as poinlted out by oneo of the gentleomen present, it is a pity to break up the beds even if there is only a ghost of a chance of thilgs turning out better yet. The sale of a few thousands of pauper oysters would not realiso mochl, and the few re maining liabilities of the Association could be paid elf with ten pounls. On bed, whero the smaller species of oyster lhad boon placed wase doing pretty well, though the oysters had not spatted, and to break up this bed for the sake of a few pounods swould teemn a pity. All tlhe beds will probably be savedl fromn destroction,, as thie gentlemo n whol op posed that course will nmake an olhr tto, buy out tile rest of thie sharehomlders and allow themn to remain. The bedls laid down by Mr. J. E. Ribby tot E:oglehsnwk Neck are loolking well, thouugh it is not Sknowno whetlher they lhave spolttled or not. On this ploint the evidence at aoy time is ,0o 1light th fftioe ahlueo will prove .ny thing. Success in sui endeavours would hb? of great good to._.tlo 'blony, and ?ill yet bh'bbtainoiil,"for oyster eultore hea been an eot'abliehed arnd' A profitale industry in France for years. There; 'in. deed, they not only brood and fatten theln, but educnato them: o hen' to open ,and when to shlit their mouths, Whih, as the honorary secreiary of <the Adsociatiln ronalke'd, would bona line' thin, totonch' nell. ?in the foothalli natelFo played 'this afternoon tli4 Railhway Cllub aveo a:'vdry g~oodl?noet. ofn it.elf. A: : iatch was played in the Upper Orichkt ;?'rounmd u-. tweour thLe lRailway and Uity clube,. .Dur iog the lirit lhart.f thodgautn tlOily mtu played "remarkabl y well," dli'l Artlhu Purloer Securerd a goal for tmhemlI 1by( i veOry nnod'kick; Afluehalf'tihno wa;is'olled tilb tailwayhmoendrallied, an d hi . tho fiele then their own .ivay, kickiugi tieo goals. Thoigoala Jor!tlt;niaiu'ray wero kicked by OharlDie Davis and William Ororellr, both blinr gb8d kiilck 1yi'Tlib'Rail?'auilnifiors playeI' ths Iiolbreoko:.TJunire' at the ?hitely yGround,: ndhkickod tewo goals to their bpponorit'w'nil. A!:;t: Now Town t finedontosVttdokplacdobetween 'the Now Town and Crickoter's- clubt, the result bring, after a severo contest, one goal kickedbliy each sid1e. 