THE O'CARROLLS OF CLOUGHRUE. \---------------------------- A TALE OF QUEEN ANNE'S TIME IN IRELAND. Chapter XXI. — An Unfinished Game of Chess. ' Where are you going, Dick ?' Mrs. Ryan asked of her son-in-law when she saw him take up his hat, just before the family supper-time, and prepare to go out. ' Up to the great house for Nora,' he re- plied ; ' you need not wait for us-— we will have our supper there.' I wish this wedding was over,' remarked the woman. ' She cannot spare a minute from Miss Oonagh until it is.' ' There is nothing wonderful in that,' answered the young husband good-naturedly. ' They were children together, and what should have been done without her and the heir when you were so black against us as you were?' ' I am not black against you by this time,' said the woman laughing; ' and as for your father-in-law I wonder how he ever did without you, for he thinks nothing right now unless you are at his elbow to direct him.' ' I knew he would discover my merits in time,' replied Dick merrily— ' just as his daughter did.' 'Do not think I grudge Nora to Miss Oonagh though,' explained Mr. Ryan — ' it would come very badly from me if I did ; but I want her about the churning. No one turns out such butter as she does. We have five firkins ready, and as soon as we have a few more they must go into Cork to the market.' ' All in good time. We are not waiting for the price of them,' said Dick carelessly, as he walked out and took the road to Cloughrue. As he approached the gate he saw the heir and Mr. Jackson standing at it. The priest moved off with a nod as he came, for he was going to see a sick neighbour, but Owen O'Carroll turned back and walked up the avenue with him. 'Come in quest of your wife, Jones?' he said, as they went along. ' Yes, sir,' answered Dick ; ' the day's work was over, so I thought I might as well stroll up and be back with her.' 'My wedding will not be as merry an affair as yours, Dick,' was the heir's next re- mark. ' I hope it will turn out as happy a one, Mr. Owen,' said Dick heartily, ' and you will have nothing more to desire, although you are a grand gentleman and we humble as we are.' ' I have no doubt about it,' replied the ex- pectant bridegroom, speaking from the full- ness of his heart, ' and if no trouble comes to me except what comes through my marriage it will never reach me. But what I meant by my remark was that for the sake of the priest who is to perform the ceremony we cannot have any publicity or rejoicing about it, lest these cursed laws passed by your people should be put in force against him.' Dick remained silent in his honest shame that any tie should bind him to the tyrants who had enacted them, while Owen noticed his confusion and hastened to his relief by adding : ' I mention this in explanation that I do not bid you invite your father to visit us on this occasion. I like him nearly as well as I do yourself.' 'Thank you, sir,' replied the gratified young man ; ' I hope to have an opportunity soon of telling him of your thoughtful kind- ness. The days grow long and we are not very busy at Dhrohid, so that I intend to take Nora to Clonmel soon to see them all and make my mother know her — indeed as soon as the wedding is over we will go.' 'That will be very soon,' smiled Owen. ' My days as a bachelor are numbered. I dine at Barry's Court to-morrow for the last time in that character. The day but one after sees me a married man.' ' Will the counsellor come, sir ?' Dick ven- tured to inquire. The heir's face fell. ' I do not know,' he replied ; ' but as he has not written perhaps he may. It is not too late yet. I hope he will.' The words brought them to the house, where Dick and his little wife were soon supping merrily with their old cronies down- stairs, and then walked home together in the soft Spring twilight, talking confidentially as they went. ' I never will be easy in my mind, Dick,' said the Bit o' Beauty, ' until the marriage is over.' ' Why ?' asked her husband. ' Do you know of anything likely to prevent it?' ' Know of anything likely to prevent it !' she repeated with an injured air ; ' as if you should not know it also if I did, when I tell you everything.' ' Tell me, then, why you are so anxious,' he said gravely. ' That is exactly what I cannot do,' she replied ; ' but Miss Oonagh herself is in very bad spirits, and Anne Farrell is never with- out a sad face, and madam is more like a ghost than like the kind, smiling lady she used be long ago — all about Master Redmond who has kept away so long; nor does he write even. If he does not come to see Miss Oonagh married, his mother says she will go up to Dublin herself and find out all about him, for suspense and anxiety are killing her. ' . 'I wonder she does not go at once,' re- marked Jones. ' Oh, no ; how could she leave Miss Oonagh until she is married?' said the wise little two months' matron— 'she who has been a mother to her so long.' ' Then, on the whole, your time would have passed more pleasantly at home, little woman,' said Dick fondly, as he drew her to him and kissed her before they turned into the farm yard. 'Of course it would,' she replied; ' but my darling Miss Oonagh likes me to be with her to the last, she has no one else, for she is not to have even a bridemaid from among the grand young ladies her friends, for Mr. Jackson's sake.' ' It was the devil invented the laws that make such precautions needful,' exclaimed Dick indignantly. 'But what has Mr. O'Carroll himself to say to it all ?' ' Oh ! the master is happy as the day is long,' replied Nora. ' He and Master Owen are counting the hours until, as they say, they will have a real Mr. O'Carroll of Cloughrue; there has not been one these fifty years.' ' Well, you are a nice wife, Mrs. Jones,' exclaimed the young woman's proud, happy mother, as the pair entered the farm-house kitchen together—' never seen at home since morning ! I wonder your husband did not take a rod out of the birch broom with him and whip you home with it.' The name ' Mrs. Jones ' was new to Nora yet, and she blushed and nestled close to Dick when she heard it, hiding her face on his arm like a pretty, bashful child ; but she recovered herself in a moment. ' He should not dare do it — my father would save me,' she answered, and, running to Andy Ryan, who was sitting in his usual place by the fire, she took the pipe which he was about to fill from between his fingers and filled it for him herself — which was an old privilege of hers. Then throwing off her cloak, she drew off a low stool beside him and sat down, chattering all the time, while he looked with delighted affection upon her, and stroked her rich dark hair with his wrinkled hand, saying : ' Dick would not whip my little girl for all the money in Cork.' ' Egad, sir,' cried Dick laughing, ' I have not much merit in that. I am a prudent man sometimes, and foresee I should have the worst of it if I tried.' The following morning Mr. O'Carroll left the breakfast rather sooner than usual. ' I want to see Shehan,' he said — Shehan was his gardener — about this new compost I have heard of for our roses.' And yet when Mr. Jackson went out soon after, breviary in hand, to read his office in the garden, it was in quite another part of it he met him from where the man was em- ployed — namely, a retired spot called the Laurel Walk, much shaded by trees and little frequented by the family. 'What about the compost?' he demanded. ' I am going to speak about it now,' he re- plied ; ' I have been busy thinking ever since as I walked up and down here.' ' Indeed,' said the priest ; ' might one ask of what ?' ' Of the money of which we have spoken so often,' was the answer. ' It is a very large sum — larger than I thought it to be — twenty- three thousand pounds.' ' But although Cormac O 'Carroll's face beamed with joy as he proclaimed himself the possessor of so much wealth, it was not with a miser's joy, but in the delight of the heart that throughout his life had always felt to its core the truth of the text, ' it is more blessed to give than to receive ' ; and it was in the pleasure he promised himself in bestowing this treasure upon his boys, as he called them, that his fine open countenance looked even more than ordinarily happy and benevolent on this occasion. ' Dear me, what a large sum !' remarked Mr. Jackson with surprise. 'Yes, it has been long accumulating,' said his friend : ' and when Red comes now — as I have no doubt he will, though his mother seems uncertain— I shall let him know the precise sum he is to inherit. It is only right he should know, even if I have felt a little annoyed of late by his absence at Christmas and since.' The priest remained silent, and Mr. O'Car- roll continued : ' He is to have twenty thousand pounds. The odd three I shall given to Owen— quite enough to set him straight when I am gone.' 'A very equitable arrangement,' said the priest approvingly. ' I wish Red would think of settling too as well as Owen,' remarked the old gentleman ; ' or perhaps he may follow my example and be bachelor uncle to Owen's children. Well, he will have plenty to please himself either way, and if it is marriage he shall have his portion at once— that is,' he added, ' if his choice is one of which I can approve.' ' Then, 'I presume, if he disobeys you in that way you will disinherit him,' .said Mr. Jackson. ' Disinherit him— no,' replied Mr. O'Car- roll slowly, after a pause; ' but he should have to wait for his fortune , until I could no longer be vexed by his imprudence — but I could not find it in my heart to disinherit him altogether. - His father was the youngest among us, and when a boy, thought there was no one on the broad earth to equal his brother Cormac, just as Owen thought of Red him- self at the same age. ' He is like my father too,' he continued with a sort of inward look ; ' the very same cast of face, and the same way of vaulting to his saddle. No; it warms my heart the sharpest day in Winter to see him and Owen ride down the avenue to- gether, and Red shall never want a guinea in his pocket through me eventually ; but if he marries that Weston's daughter of whom Ned Byrne tells me, he will have to rough it until I die.' ' Have you told his mother all this ? She is naturally very anxious,' asked the priest. ' She might have trusted in me more' re- plied Mr. O'Carroll a little unreasonably. ' She might have known that I loved the boy with an affection only second to her own.' Mr. Jackson shrugged his shoulders. ' Intentions are such uncertainties,' he said. ' She knew yours were of the best, but she could not be so sure of their fulfil ment.' ' Why ?' demanded the master sharply. ' The world is not coming to an end.' ' The world is coming to an end for num- bers of people every day,' answered Mr. Jackson; ' however, I hope not for anyone here until all these matters in hand are satis- factorily settled. ' ' They were never nearer to it,' replied Mr. O'Carroll. 'Byrne is on his way to us. When he comes I will sign my will, give it to him in charge, and let him take away the sum I mentioned to you for investment. And now for this new mode of treating roses ; I am told I shall have very rich ones if I try it.' Although care was taken that not the slightest outward sign should betray the fact that the marriage of the heir of Clough- rue was about to be solemnised, it was found to be utterly impossible to avoid some extra bustle in the household. The only addition expected to it was the counsellor and Major Byrne ; and yet the servants fancied themselves very busy, and madam and Anne Farrell were going in and out of storerooms, opening and shutting presses, and getting plate polished until they were wearied, while Oonagh, between the time claimed from her by Owen and the amount of needlework which, assisted by Nora, she persuaded herself she had to get through, had not a moment to spare. But this evening there was an interval of rest. Owen was gone, as he had said he should, to dine at Barry's Court. The cook had given the people down stairs a nice little hot supper, of which the Bit o' Beauty and her husband waited to partake, while the scene in the parlour was of a very peaceful, domes- tic character indeed. Mr. O'Carroll, loung- ing back in his easy chair, was watching the progress of a game of chess between Oonagh and Mr. Jackson, and occasionally giving her a hint as to her moves, to which the latter strongly objected, while Madam O'Carroll sat knitting by the fire, her delicate face wearing a less sad expression than usual ; for, aided by Anne's assurance, she had per- suaded herself that as Redmond had not written to say he should not do so, he should certainly come down to them at this impor- tant time. ' Oonagh, mind your king — he is in danger,' called out Mr. O'Carroll, warning his favourite. 'With whom am I playing ?' exclaimed Mr. Jackson. ' Now, madam,' he continued, appealing to the elder lady, 'is this fair?' ' By no means,' decided madam, with a smile. ' You should leave it between them, Cormac.' ' At least you will permit me to throw light on the game, so far as snuffing the candle goes?' he replied playfully. And taking up the massive silver snuffers which lay on its tray beside him, he was about to put his words into practice when the sound of horses's feet coming at a quick pace up the avenue made him pause. Mr. Jackson lifted his head also to listen, and Oonagh held the pawn she was about to move in her uplifted hand, the colour steeling to her cheek — for perhaps it was Owen returning sooner than she expected ; while madam's knitting fell unheeded on her lap, her lips apart in her eager, longing expectation, for ' surely,' she thought, ' surely this is Redmond coming now.' Mr. O'Carroll was the first to break the silence : ' It is the major,' he said. ' There is a second horse — his groom's of course.' The riders, whoever they were, pulled up as he spoke, and immediately afterwards there was a tremendous knocking at the door, which had been closed for the night be- fore the servants went to supper. ' They are strangers,' was the universal exclamation, for they knew that none others would try to effect an entrance in such a noisy manner, and immediately all eyes were turned anxiously towards the priest, for whom alone, improbable as it seemed, could they have the slightest imagination of da??? at Cloughrue. He remained perfectly un???? however, remarking coolly: ????? ' Come, Oonagh, make your move. We shall know who these people are presently. We can scarcely call them gentle folks ? while they make such a racket.' But the man whose business it was to answer this violent summons was now un- barring the door, some of the other men, among whom was Dick Jones, having come up also through curiosity, to learn who this new arrival could be who thus disturbed their little feast so unceremoniously ; and no sooner was the entrance free than a heavy foot entered the hall, and a blustering voice was heard ordering the other horseman, who had remained outside, to bring in the saddle bags; and then take the horses round and have them properly attended to ; which orders having been issued, the speaker pushed aside the astonished man who had admitted him, and, throwing open the parlour door, George Weston, the son of the Yorkshire groom, the ex-trooper of Cox's marauding dragoons, strode insolently into the peaceful and re- fined presence of Cormac O'Carroll, the Irish gentleman, and his family, and then, lifting his hat with a sweeping bow, took a seat un- invited in the very midst of them. It is needless to say he was recognised without difficulty by all present as the guest to whom Major Byrne made such strong objection some months before ; madam's heart in par- ticular sinking within her in a sort of name- less terror when she beheld him, for some- thing seemed to whisper distinctly in her ear as her gaze rested on him.— ' This strange visit is connected with your son.' But, as was natural, the feeling of Mr. O'Carroll with regard to such an intrusion was one of unmitigated anger, and he did not delay to give it words: ' You have evidently made a mistake, sir,' he said with forced calmness — ' Cloughrue is not a hostelry. You will find one in the village a mile lower down, and — you must excuse my plain speaking you have exposed yourself to it — the sooner you seek it the better I shall be pleased.' 'We will discuss that matter later on,' re- plied Weston, perfectly unabashed by his reception. ' But I must first deliver a mes- sage with which I am charged to you.' 'To me !' replied Mr. O'Carroll, lifting his brows in contemptuous surprise, for in his indignation he had forgotten completely that this man was an intimate of his absent nephew. ' Yes, to you,' replied 'Weston defiantly, in his loud, harsh voice. 'I am here on the part of my son-in-law, Counsellor Redmond O'Carroll, to announce to you, his uncle, that he has at length taken the necessary steps to attain his just rights from among all here. He has conformed to the Church by law established, and is consequently, as a Protes- tant, the next heir of Cloughrue.' ' The blow has fallen at last,' exclaimed Jackson. ' What I heard in Cork, then, of its likelihood was true.' Madam shrieked piteously, and Oonagh, following the pitying impulse of her kind heart, left her place, and, drawing close to her, tried to soothe her in her agony. Thus engaged, no one present for the moment noticed the strange senile expression which suddenly spread itself over Mr. O 'Carroll's features as Weston spoke, until the sound of his voice, weak and broken, caused them to look towards him, when they saw that while he rested his elbow on the arm of his chair, he had placed his hand round his ear to en- deavour, as it were, to collect the meaning of the speaker's words more clearly. 'Did you say anything of my nephew Redmond ?' he asked. ' I believe I heard his name.' Now this question was all the more strange that his hearing had always been acute up to the present minute. ' Yes,' replied the trooper distinctly. ' Your nephew Redmond, who is now my son-in-iaw, has become a Protestant, and as such is next heir to your estate, out of which he demands through me, his father- in-law and agent, as he is entitled to do by a thoughtful and paternal legislation, an income sufficient to maintain his position in society until at your death he comes in for the whole.' The old man rose feebly as the trooper ceased speaking, and, leaning a little for- ward on the table, he tried to steady himself with his hand. However, after a short pause, during which all — even Weston watched him anxiously, he seemed to grow stronger, until with an effort he rose to his full height ; when, standing erect and unsupported, he exclaimed with dignity, and in his clearest and fullest tones : ' It is not true. My brother's son has not done this thing. There was never yet a dis- honourable O'Carroll of Cloughrue.' They were the last distinct words he ever uttered. He was old_ and but too keenly alive to the slightest taiut of disgrace in one of his blood The shock, then, of this un dreamt-of, livr- fostered domestic treason was too sudden and too violent for him, and he had no soomfi- spoken thus than he fell back again into V-' i^hair, a mere senseless log, stricken b\\) Vr ' ' ' , ,L x''.,\ ,-, aloe 'HM*™»a» 1 ' ?? r?m . . ...;.?, ?? ? ., ? ''i'^jnhev, not civilly incapaci* ci 1 jsvery free commonwealth o ., ' junishable by a heavy fine or a s \ ?' ?'? Inn of imprisonment; and not t; j respectable shopkeeper in a fi .' - * 3 11 was sentenced to., and actually tl !wo months' incarceration with e ?or having on his premises, albeit d aiowlege, an old Hint pistol, fit j ,? a museum of curiosities. Now, h ? ? is arise here. First, can it be c \- '- lent pretended that a system of c (under which occurrences such as v .numerated habitually take place '?al right to exist ? Secondly, would '/ho did not endeavour, at the liable moment, and by every legal utional means, to put an end for ?;h occurrences, deserve anything j\ the scourge of the slave-driver ? t 'ion to -hese special reasons arising a events of the present time for ic relations between this country j Britain, there are, of course, all es as operative as ever. The Union, ?a the destruction of constitutional ?which it has resulted, still con ibe the fruitful source of national jimcnt, degradation, and discontent. & j'mfactures, which were in a flourish iliun in 1S00, have since then been /firely extinguished by .scientific de , lust as they were destroyed before '[direct legislation, and although a 'lovcmcnt is now in progress for the i Irish manufacturing industry, it is 'all persons that while the English jit is able to plunder us of our capital ,,-.,.. --iniquitous system of taxation, and by ! other ingenious and unjust devices, and while ,f~, , we have no native Parliament to develop our ,-' resources, and to foster rising industries ^nSi'1' amongst us in the many ways such an insti *? °^ tution would instinctively discover, that °tUni movement can never achieve the success it ' anc would, under different circumstances, becap II onn able of reaching. ! y t Since the time, forty years ago, when tlxe ? ie~, census was taken in Ireland, there has been I a steady and uninterrupted drain of the life \'0^ blood of the nation. Since IS LI, without \\.n^ taking any account of the increase of our svl' population which, in the natural course of \\)e' things, and to judge from what has happened ?n in England, Scotland, and every other pro ?vi gressive country, might have been expected, ) we have lost absolutely by emigration and \ famine no less than three millions of people, until now we have only 1(59 inhabitants to leach square mile, while Belgium, a smaller 'and far less fertile country, has 4G9 ; and the Vensus returns published, this year show lhat the hemorrhage has not yet been topped. I We have had since the Union four or five mines more or less general ; and so late as \ .November after what was called a good srcst, a distinguished Englishman, Colonel l^on, felt himself compelled to describe ,'ondition of many parts of Ireland as 'se than that of any people in the world, one Europe.' \ country has been so impoverished that \ the last thirty years, exclusive of \sent here from America and other \ to keep off death by starvation, a Vbout thirty millions has come from 'i Irish, mainly to pay the tribute '^m us in that period by the instru ct English-made land laws ; and 'yit help the dwellings, the food, '\ the general surroundings of a |of the inhabitants of this island je scandal of Christendom. 'to the economist Senior, whose peen adopted by Sir Stafford elate Chancellor of the English Ind the present leader of the ,'ion in the British House of yle England is, relatively to its . ???? jj, the most lightly taxed country /reland is the most heavily taxed ; / from either British party being j) remove that monstrous inequality, (ties seem determined to maintain it j glaring injustice. Vero promised at the time of the equal rights and privileges with the /of Great Britain ; but to-day, fourteen ,'ifter the establishment of household \e and compulsory registration of \ England and Scotland, we are still ,00th. those important rights, with the *hat while the proportion of voters to J3 population in England is one to four, \ortion in Ireland is one to twenty. iiicipal franchise also, as compared t of England or Scotland, is a \mockery. i infamous grand jury system, one of istitutions our rulers, a small faction aristocrats, who are practically ap v tho Crown, and who need not I themselves pay any of tho tax, iirly of a sum of nearly a million j: sterling collected in the shape of \ f'nd and Scotland the police are the the local representatives of tiie rjf0 they are under the command of /oral executive ; and in Dublin, while rd Mayor and Corporation are insult 'uperseded in the control of the lnetro \\-y the irresponsible oflicials »fc ''?':.'',-g are at, the same tinje ompelled to contribute to the maintenance E that force. / In England, again, so great is the care xlicn to generate and preserve popular con dence in the administration of justice that lie executive and judicial functions are kept ntirely separate, and are discharged by ifllerent sets of oflicials ; here, however, udges of the land are practically the work ng staff of the Privy [ Council, and in the ouncil room in '.Dublin Castle initiate proue utions in which they are supposed after wards to act a thoroughly impartial part. But it is needless to go through the entire ist of our grievances. Suffice it to add, in his connection, that in scarcely a single natter of public concern in Ireland has the rill of the Irish people its way ; that every lepartment of our business, no matter how it-tie it concerns others than ourselves, ia nanaged. by irresponsible and autocratic -oards appointed by Englishmen, and com josed, to a large extent, of Englishmen and Scotchmen ; and that the experience of the ast seven years, especially, shows that this nusfc necessarily continue to be the case as ong as the representatives of Ireland are t small minority in a foreign legislature. Despite all this, however, we are told that ,ve must be governed by and be subject to mother people, and that, too, for our own ;akc ! Anarchy, it is said, would overtake is if the beneficent restraining hand of Eng and were taken from oil us, and the present troubles are pointed to by some in confirma tion of the theory. A more impudent pre ;ence has never been advanced. Troubles 3o, indeed, exist among us, but have they not occurred under that very rule the main tenance of which their existence is supposed Lo necessitate ? Do they not spring directly from the government of Ireland by England ? Does not everyone know that if ten years ago the land question had been settled in accordance with the wishes of the Irish people, and if, concurrently with such a settlement, the Irish people were free to use their energies in other fields than that of agriculture, the land question would then have been laid to rest without any of the heart-burning and suffering which have since attended the delay interposed by the British Parliament to the accomplishment of justice as between the owners and cultivators of the soil ? Nay, does not everyone feel that, even now, the Irish people, if they had a Parliament of their own and could regard the landlords as fellow-subjects with whom it would be inexpedient to quarrel, would give those landlords better terms than they are willing to afford them while they can only look on them as a garrison of a foreign power P It is not you, however, fellow-countrymen, so much as the English people who require to be convinced of the justice and necessity of restoring to us our ancient and inalienable right of self-government ; and here we would say that, despite many adverse appearances, there is every reason to hope that the Eng lish people will yet and soon come to view this question of self-government for Ireland in a very different light from that in which they are at present invited to consider it by their newspapers and their public men. Eor it can by no possibility be profitable to them to have to govern this country in the future as it has been governed for the last eighty years. From the Union till Catholic Emancipation there were passed for Ireland nine savage Coercion Acts ; since 1830 there have been precisely fifty Coercion Acts ; during the whole period of eighty-one years there have scarcely been five in which one or more of those monstrous and unnatural enactments have not been in force throughout the whole or the greater part of the country. Accord ing to English statesmen they have been all that time trying, by despotic methods which they have themselves denounced when em ployed by other rulers, to keop society in Ireland from lapsing into chaos, and to main tain their own supremacy. At present, as we have already noted, two Coercion Acts and a force of 50,0QQ armed men are, on English showing, required to maintain their Government hero. Not to talk of the morality of the arrangement, is it fo,r the interest of the English people that such a state of siege should be kept up for ever P Is the policy of coercion worth its fruits :? Or, rather, is it fruitful in anything but inter national hatred and ill-will, and loss of treasure and of life ; we are told, indeed, that the policy of coercion is only a tem porary expedient, and that in a few years the working of the Land Act will produce ouch v,, change in the feelings of the Irish people that henceforward no more repressive measures will bo neciessavy. B\\\t has not this been practically the excuse for every single Coercion Act evpr passed for Ireland ; and what reason is there to suppose that '?' the re storation of order,' which is said to be yo quired, is now at last to be cffeeti i\ ? .No sans man can believe tha.t a struggle i'ov natural rights which lasted for seven hundred years ia to be abandoned in this age of progress and enlightenment because of a concession to one class in the community. While these right;* are withheld, the weary round of agination and repression must, of necessity, continro to b\P traversed ; and the question is whether wheipthe rnass of vhe English people come to realise fjlus fact aiiul the evil consequences of ? \ V— i t even to themselve's, they will suffer their eaders any longer to befftol -them into sanc tioning so wicked and so profitless a course of ? -- . — ,- iction. We do not believe they will. ! What we ask for, and what would as raredly end the trouble of centuries, is not ;o extreme a concession when it in calmly ex xmined. It ia only what is enjoyed by every dependency of the British Crown inhabited by white races ; it is only what the States of the American Union and of the present German Empire possess with so much ad vantage to themselves ; we seek only what was sought by the National Conference of 1873 — namely, the power to manage those matters which concern ourselves alone, those affairs which concern the empire at large being left to the care of an imperial senate in which we would be represented. The ; plan we propose is in actual operation in the various provinces of the Canadian Dominion at the instance of England itself ; and that its working is injurious either to those pro vinces, or to the Dominion, or to the Empire, is what no person in his senses will venture to assert. Is it likely that what works well in Canada, in the United States, in Germany, / and in other countries, would work badly in jj. Ireland P It remains for us to point out to you, fellow countrymen, how you can best advance the cause of'sclf-government for Ireland at this important crisis. You can hold public meet ings in its support. You can fill every repre sentative post in your gift with its advocates. You can convert those whom Mr. Gladestone -, calls ' nominal Home Rulers' into genuine advocates of our national demand, or you can refuse to be embarrassed by the aid of such pretenders by deposing them from their posi tions of trust and responsibility, You can join this legal and constitutional association, so as to make it an effective force in the national struggle. You can, in fine, so speak and act that it will be plain to ail men that until the infamous usurpation of 1800 is un done — until what was intended for you by God and nature is no longer withheld from you by the unreasoning selfishness of man — ? national content in Ireland is simply an im possibility. The reading of the manifesto was greeted ^ with applause. It was signed on behalf of the League by Major D'Arcy. 