SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND. Hit Hudioras. " lie knows what', what."— Butler. London, 8th Soptomber. Tho recent York meeting boro a strong rcscm- blanco to tho orthodox lady's Icttor. Just as tho gist of tho latter is supposed to be found in tho postscript, so w<is tho concluding day at the for- mor associated with a plethora of incidents cap able of pointing a racing moral and adorning n turf tale. The Groat Yorkshire Stakes retained the- character for surprises which it has long borno. Ko student of tho book need bo remindod of how since Tho Minor beat Elair Athol in 1834, Apology has gono down beforo Trent, and the once peerless Wheel of Fortune before tho soft and uncertain Ituperra. Last year, too, was not tho njpdorato Ishmacl eaual to tho task of cutting tho combs of such erst while colobrities as Tristan, Camoliard and Maskolyne? Tho lessons this season aro so numerous that I don't know which to tako first. Tho raco was won by Poppermint, who de feated Dutch Oven, Nellio, and St. Margucrita I The winnor was unheard of till his success at Stockton tho wook before, and may thereforo ho reasonably writton down as . modcrato if not indifferent. And only fancy such a horse beating such a trio — this timo lost year tho bare thought of any suoh result would liavo been considered sufficiont to qualify tho thinker for incarceration in an asylum. Tho throe onco magnificent fillies liavo gono to ultor rain, and that at a timo when mares do great things, and wbon tho Logcr hopes of their friends run high. Dutch Oven, strange to suy, lookod woll ; Keltic is all to pieces : St Marguerito has hecomo softer than cvor, and ran in tho raco with tho hood of cowardice adorning her head. Johnnio Osborne was the pilot of tho winnor (his own property), .and it seems ouiy yesterday since I saw him steer Peppermint's dam (Mintdrop) to victory in tho same race. Luckilyfor a large body of tho gen- oral public tho son of Cambalio is not engaged in Doncastcr'sclassiccontcst, for which — as waslsh- maol last year — ho would liavo been supported, hut for which, nevertheless, ho doos not possess tho ghost of a chance. Tho ring bewailed tho omission, which tlioy openly dcclnrod had pre vented many thousands finding thoir way into their coifcrs. Tho Queen's Plato witnessed somo rare speculation betwoen tho friends of Victor Emanuol and thoso of Fortissimo. Tho honors ot each were still fresh blushing on thom, and for a timo favoritism was a disputed point, hut ore tho flag fell a shade of odds was laid on tho Hero of tho Lowos Handioap, and rightly too— so far 03 a public lino is concorncd— for when tlioy mot in tho Manchester Cup, tho son of John Davis had all tho best of it. But hero Victor trod his hcols off all tho way, and won very cleverly indeed, making tho improvement bo- tween Manchester and York not inconsiderable. It docs not do to view all such improvements with suspicion, but I cannot holp noticing that those horses which aro engineered by clovor owners display tho most soo-saw (up and down) form. Tho Princo of Wales Stakes Galliard, through tho absonco of Machcath, won in easy fashion, and retained his unbeaten certificate. In him Lord Falmouth has a nailing good colt, but I should scarcely rank him tho equal of Machcath, who haa defeated much superior fields to what the other has had the luck to meet. To myself personally York was, thanks la Victor Emanuol, a pleasant mooting. Tho weather might almost bo called good, which, for York, is a change, as rain- has been heretofore part and parcel of oach year's proceedings, tho two having boon almost ns insoparabio as a comot and its tail. Scarborough, which followed on Friday and Saturday, is more a gala than a raco mooting. Tho gay watoriug placo is at tho height of tho season, and tho enclosure and stands aro lnrgoly patronisod by tho gaudy buttorflies of tho metropolis and other places, who lovo to bo put on so much, to nothing by thoir foolish admirers' Tho course, situatod on' tho top of high whito cliffs, is neither easy of access nor up to rnuoh when it has been reached, while tho racing and racers aro equally insignificant. Insignificanco, in fact, is tho characteristic of all tho fixtures between York and Doncastor, savo porhaps Huntingdon and Derby. Hut whatovor may bo lacking in quality is atoned for in quan tity. Last wcok and this, in addition to theso two there have boon Warwick — onco a beacon, but now a byword — Woymouth, Itich- mond, Sandown. Leicester, Croydon and New castle, that is, upsforth Park. At theso plaeos not ono event has taken placo which haa borno, either direotlyor indirectly, on tho future; nor lias ono incident occurod worthy of notification or romcmbranco. Kacing is now becoming a trade to others than bookmakers, and if meetings only go on increasing in nuinbctp astjicy hare recently dono it passes my comprehension where tho com peting animals are to coma from. Aa I hnvo said again and again, tho gato monoy gathering will be tho meeting of tno future, and so long as princoly balanco sheets aro procurable eo long will racing companies bo started. Tho present mooting at Leicostcr will in all probability bo tho last on tho old lines, for a grand tract of ground baa boon secured, lordB bavo been inveigled on to tho directorship, and pay boxes will havo to bo passed boforo tho course has been reached. Tho increased revenue from gato money enables thoso meetings togivo such sums of "added monoy" as will throw old fashioned gatherings into tho shado.- Evon'now a onco raunificont "£500 added" is scarcely worth racing for, and tho Manchostor Cup (£2000 added) will not long ho without a rival. At York £3500 was given away during tho three days— at Derby £5000. Tho disease, for it is fast becoming such, will by-and- byo euro itsolf, and committees will lessen their gifts with diminution in their Golds. That that good timo will assuredly como I havo not tho most romoto doubt, but witb tho author of tho onco popular song wo must bo content to " wait 's little lougor." Derby was upon tho whole, a good mooting, oven although the management may havo made a mistako in tacking on a third day. Dig money produced big fields, but still big Holds aro not ovorytliing, and in spito of nume rical oxcellcnco there was a something awanting, and tho gathering can scarcely bo 1 said to liavo takon tho rank it was intended. : For tho Champion Breeders' Slakes (£950), both Machcath and Galliard we're absentees, and tho disappointing and unlucky Lilac, tho property of Mr. Houldsworth, was enahlod to score her maiden win. Slio hud not, however, much to boast of as sho claimed all tho allowances, and was actually in receipt of 21 lb. from each of Bonjour and Antlor, who wore second nnd third. Tho raco of Friday was tho Devonshire Nursery Plato, which was only romarkablo for producing nineteen runners, and a victory for the favorite Tyndrum. On tho finishing day, Saturday— a day unsuited for racing cxcopt in tho neighbor hood of London — twenty runners contested tho Harrington Plato, which with its "£1C09 added" was tho bonne bouche of tho mooting. Village : Boy boat Sibyl a head, 'which young lady was ' only a similar distanco in front of Toastmastcr. < The bookmakors wore jubilant, for the second and third had boon backed for ponnds, shilling, and pence, as had also been Sbinplass, Fettcrloss, Michel and Lowland Duke, while the winner, so uniformly wretched had been his previous displays, was not supported for a solitary stiver. Vorily tucso short outs play tho deuce with all calculation, aud convert backers into a frame of mind similar unto that of tho bear whoso head is sore. Another class of unfortunates had a fear ful and awful tiino.at Huntingdon. Archer was in a bad way ; bis iaounts were plunged on again 1 again : again and again did the infataatcd ones . como to grief ; and his poor doludcd followers . porambulatod tho ring using languago which lod : to tho bcliof that tboy must havo served an ap prenticeship with tho army in Flandors. At I Huntingdon, also, Friday easily defeated Baliol , in tho Huntingdonshire Stakes, and tho Duko of Hamilton's hurdlo failure but Cup hero seems to , havo run off that cowardice which could only ahow thirteen consecutiro failures as tho out- i como of so many flattering homo trials, i As I writo tho future m tho shape of tho St. , i Loger and tho Cosarowith and Cambridgeshire is . engrossing tho frcquontors of tho clubs. About : ' nono of tho thrco ovonts docs it behove mo in j : this opistlo to say iuueh. Within the past fort- night tho. woights for tho Newmarket Handicaps ! havo appoared and been criticised, and that i i favorably upon tho whole. Tho acceptances pub- j . risked yesterday endorso tho Haltering opinion ! ' ns to tho way in which tho adju3tor of tho ' woights has acquitted himself. As to bo expected ! I tho Loger is golting into narrow compass, and : j Gohoimniss U mistress of the money market, j j and an cvon money cbanco, Shotovor, as a matter : ! of courso retrograding whilo her stablo com- ' | panion has been advancing, Quicklime is un- i j steady but Sweetbread is lirm, nnd I bloss my ! stars that I am not required to vonturo into tho regions of.prophooy, as no credit would bogainod ; j by predicting tho favorite's success, aiid I conld : not bring myself to prognosticate her defeat, i I although vory likely something may compel hor : | to knucklo under. I hope not. I Of racing gossip there is nono. Viscount Mel- | | gnnd, son of tho Earl of Minto, and a woll known | amateur rider as Mr. Boll)-, has been wounded in Egypt. The viscount must havo boon born under an unlucky star, as ho is eternally coming to grief, but if his luck is bad ht3 pluck is good. I happened to run across Mr. W. G. Bennott checking tho London General Omnibus Company's 'buses at Piccadilly Circus tho other day. Mr. " Dolby" Bennett, as ho was called by his borso ' of that namo winning two Ohostor Cups, took nearly £100,000 out of tho ring. But it bus all gono long since, and for years tho onco grand man has boon almost ponnilcss. Ho was onco ono of our biggest bookmakors, aud married the widow of Charlton tho jockoy. liau <lc vie (a fluid, not a flyor) was his ruin. His being still : alivo is to mo peculiarly gratifying. Somewhere aboutfivc years ago Ikillod him— that is to say, I , wrote his momoirfora London daily papor ; butal- ; tboughhisbiographyappoaredinthepapcronoday, : ho himsojf appeared in tho paper otfico tho noxt, and furnished ovidcuco of being in lifo which was impossiblo to gainsay, | Blair Athol died on Monday at tho Founds Stud, noar Cobham. f don't know a single race- ' homo about whoso prowess I havo a higher ! opinion, and about whom I could write more, j Praising tho whito-facod chestnut, however, i would he liko painting tho lily, and what could I . say that my roadcrs don't already know? A ' groat horse— tho greatest that was over foaled porhaps— Bis wholo career as a racer and as a ! stallion was sonsational. Ho only figured on tho I turf during one short season, but 18(14 was a year ! when there were equine giants in tho land, nnd I : unhesitatingly assort that no othor Derby winnor (the Dorly was his first raco) ever dofeatod four ; such animals as Gonoral Peel, .Scottish : Chief, Ely and Cambnscan. But ho lickod ! thom easily, nnd repeated tho perform- j nnco in tho St. Lcger as cvory racing ! tyro is aware. His defeats at Paris and York by Yormouth and Tho Minor counted for nothing in I comparison to his brilliant victories. At tho ' stud ho was a great success, aud overy great raco of noto has boon carried off by his progeny. -Dur ing his lifo ho changod hands several times. Where ho forsook tho post for tli'o -paddock John Jackson — Jock of Fairfiold — purchased him from : Mr. I'Anson for 7500 guineas ; thou Mr. illenk- j iron took him for 5000 guineas ; at that gentle- : man's foreigners and Englishmen bade in " mon- ! keys" and "thousands" for his possession, and ! when Mr. Tattcrsall's hammor 'follto tho bid of Mr. Bell, of tlioCobhamStnd Company, for 12,500 guineas tho chooring was deafening. In 1879 tho non-Eucccss of tho Cobham vonturo again caused him to bo led into tho ring, but tho rcsorvo prico of 5000 guineas was not reachod by 500, and ho was transferred to tho now company which haa grown up out of tho ashes of tho old. That also boing unsuccessful, ho last year and when in his twenty first year, changed hands for tho last timo at 190O guineas. Inflammation of tho lungs was tho cause of death, and tho gallant old chest nut rests undor a chestnut tree in ono of tho paddocks of tho Pounds Stud Farm. No thorough bred, I think, will ever secure tho same hold on tho popular racing mind as did Blair Athol. Tho Hillsdalo crow row a Tharaos Rowing Olub four on Friday, 15th September. Both crows are practising daily, and call mo n bad judgo if tho Yankees, dengwis as wo havo boon oskodto bolioro thoy aro, havo a ghost of a chanco. I was sadly wrong in my Hanlan v. Boyd ostimato, bot I'll risk this ono more prophesy, and am willing to bo voted a duffor if it docs not como off. Willio Bcckwith and a Lancashire yontli named Finney swam at Hollingworth Lake, noar Man chostor, on Saturday wcok for tho Snorting Life Milo Challongo Cup and £200. Contrary to ex pectation tho slrugglo was a good one, and Beck- with only got homo a dozen yards to tho good. His steering was orratic, and ho two or throo times badly fouled bis opponent. A protest waa the result. This tho referee sustained, and ad- viecd, not ordered, tho mon to swim again, but thoy cannot agree, and tho stakeholder now seriously proposes to return each his monoy, and let them make £ now match if thoy chooso. Tho referee says that with tho termination of tho Hollingworth Lako swim his jurisdiction ceased. Nothing of the kind, as he is bound to act till tho match Lo decided, What may bo tho upshot so fur aa Bcckwith and Finnoy aro concerned I don't kuow, but this I do know. Such stupid vacillating will injure a branch of sport which ennnot afford to bo injured. Swimmers thoin- selvcs lmvo dono much to bring swimming into disrepute, and with would- uo patrons aud authorities following suit tho result is not diffi cult to foretell. 