SA COMMERCIAL TRAVELLER'S TALE. The following amusing narrative is adapted from a story which appeared some years ago in the daily press. A commercial traveller, on his business wonds, came to one of the large Yorkshire towns, where he found, upon his arrival, that the time which, nuder a lapse of memory, he had chosen for his visit, was ,ost inopportune. "The races were on;" s-d every house of accommodation was crowded to excess. Upon application to the lndlady of the hotel where he had been in the habit of staying, he was informed that every bed in the premises had been bespoken for a week before his coming; and more than this, that even the very floors and tables of the dining-room would bh burdened at night ~ith razing-men and weary pleasure- seekers, SWe are extremely sorry, air," said Mrs. Boniface, " that we cannot receive you, an aoccstomed patron of the house ; but under ensuing circumstances, it is impossible that we can. But," she added, "I will give you the names of some persons in the town who le: rooms, and perhaps yon will find among them some one who can put you up-atleast I hope so." -. - ur friend took the list of names with a. ruefal face, and at once set about' the die. rvery of a place of rest for the night. But all his; earch was fruitless. Every bed and posible "shake-down" in the whole district was pre-engaged ; and if he would remain in the town, he must walk the streets until ar;ing. But sooner than do this, he re s?olre to return to his good landlady of for. .er days, and cast himself upon her benevo. le: contrivance and sympathy. "Upon my word, sir," she said, "you nevl.ly distress and puzzle me. I really do .:e: know where in the world Ican put you." Bt: after thinking for a moment, she asked : "Will yon consent to occupy the houtler's r?n sir! It stands in a back part of the I premisces; and perhaps we could manage to ~ake it-st least in some degree--comfort- ] The traveller thanked her warmly, and deccred that the accommodation she spoke ] i was the very thing under the circaum In shout half an hour, the hostler was cal?I, and told to take a lantern and con is:: the gentleman to his bedroom. The way prowe to be across a large yard in the re- of the inn, up a step-ladder, along a nar Irwbooded passage, then up thre6 stairs, i alolly through a doorway into the sleep. I i- apartment. Our traveller found, upon I :,xkm; round, that good use had been made c t.e l;ll- hoar he had been kept waiting. A cane:; had been put on the floor; blankets ri shets were unexceptionable. "Go.-night, sir,"sand the hostler, setting 1 -:o his lan:ern, to furnish some light. "I p:;e youll sleep well, sir; and indeed, I :.k youll have a better chance of doing so -e.% t~h the gents in the hoso-- you're toay from- the noise: and in times like ] t-, :he streets all night are anything but I: was late in the autumn of the year-the trat? were long-and our friend, rather I ::e, ?oon fell asleep, and did not wake until 1 ts: gray dawn of the morning, and not even ten had he not been aroused by some one caring along the outer passage with a heavy r.e and entering his bedroom. Turning rand in his blankets to learn who was the t:inder, he perceived a man, tall, gaunt, "i grim, his throat bare, the sleeves of his -trt t.ured up, and his hair all unkempt T ?anuding upright in the most disordered re?oter. The dark figure drew near the taredlr'l bed, stooped over him, and peered c:wn closely in the dim light, evidently sno:s to nind out if the person lying there r- awake. Perceiving that this was the toe. oar traveller saw him, in the dusky draw himself upright in the room, then :ienly raise one arm, extend it, and point ._; his hand through the window to a place i:uijr; after which, more impressivrely r: e slowly recovered the extended limb, i cu:.toned with his forefinger three times týan his throat. This done, the strange ;a? r?a n abruptly departed, his feet sound. t as distinctly upon the floor and step Laier on his going out, as they had been tarlt to do when he came in. The commercial traveller was not a nervouns ., an? he had knowledge, more or less, of e strange occurrences and rough usages of tewo;rl. Yet, this dark, grotesque, and ? ,?:otly silent intruder, and his most sin. -: ? ers:nr, did not strike him as alto "tZtr pleasant or agreeable; and he would :t rather not have been disturbed in such 5 meatonable and un warrantable manner. \- would, however, take no action in the Ot::er-at least for the present. Indeed, it :: himself powerless to do this in this L-:'l part of the premises. But he cer t y, when he got up, would make com ; t to dr. Boniface of the way in which ?' tai been annoyed. Fixing this purpose " mi mind, our isolated lodger betook him \-- krain to slumber, and had almost re t-ered the land of dreams, when, both to rexation and alarm, the footsteps he had -he same firm and measured tread-and Shis former visitor repeated his mysteri. -. -c-ion. Ta:- time, the gaunt figure looked agitated I t rey, and, to our traveller's amazement : &ar;, carried in his right hand a large, .1? and gleaming knife. Pointing his 0-d in a similar direction as before, he u-r his grizzly head, and violently winked e? e and stamped his fbot; yet uttered ;r a word, but.kept perfectly silent; and l added his wild actions by drawing, not "tiger, but the huge knife, determinately Slowly, across his exposed throat. After ,ghastly pantomime, a second time he : uis leave, proceeding along the narrow, red passage, and down the step-ladder to inn-yard. The man before whom this awful duab ow had been performed crouched and mrcbled in his bed. He had often heard of -.,ral and eupernatural appearances, and i affected to augh at those who declared \- bTeliered in them. But was not this, r all, an unearthyvlsitation? It looked .?emely like it. Hle would not, however, cronclude that he hadreally seen an ap .?n; yet he would guard against a third Can of this uncanny guest. Hie would a, wL- he now remembered he had unfor :-y hitherto neglected-he would fasten Sd'r of his room, and thus put a stop to S!?ther ingress. -T his disappointment, however, when he tl o s'ecure his room door, he found that 00 destitute of all fastenings. Feeling . -Is dgers, in thedim twilight, no lock, L." nor bar could he disoover. Here ,~ a sperate fix; and what plan for his -,jd ihe now resort to? Thinking Cer the matter, nothing better, it c '.to him, remained to be done than to s " - ds:read head-foremost against the l , .i t:hus effectually block up all means [:c,. Luckily, the bedstead was S-?e ; it was therefore easily moved; n o:r friend had no difficulty in carry. ad e: i :lhome; and returned once more ie a:neeiint more certain of immnunity Ord '-'Fion. He could not, however, "0 'iLo"li fur further seep; he hod been .ito d obed and unnerved for addi 0.1 * , d. ~l tional ,r?ioj , so he resolved tolie?'ikke in his bed until broad daylight. SA quarter of an hour had but barely assed, when our traveller for the third time head the same footstp- approaching his bedroom. He felt somewhat calm and in Liflerent, however; for had he not rendered his apartment completely impregable? But short-lived was this feeling of coondence; for in a few minutes the steps had reached his door, and he heard hands moving over and pressing hard against it. Then a violent push was made, and after'that, another and another, till the bedstead, on its too facile casters, was driven back into the middle of the floor. Again, his dread visitor ap. proached him, and with tenfold added hor. ors ; for his face and hands were smeared with blood, as was also the knife which, on his second coming, he had carried. Holding it as before in his right hand, he drew the crimson-stained weapon for the second time cross his throat, repeating the action once, twice, and thrice; then again shook omin ously his dishevelled locks; and turning upon his heel with a look of angry portent, left the apartment. ' Our traveller was almost sick with terror; he shook in every limb, while the cold pers. piration oozed from every pore of his body. ie was an unbeliever in apparitions no lon. ger. Hecould notstand out against positive proof, and here he had the clear and certain and repeated demonstration of his bodily senses. When he judged the spectre quite one and the coast clear, he rose, and hastily ressed himself, rushing down the step ladder, and intothe inn, where he roused the whole inmates of the house with his cries that some dreadful tragedy had been com sitted on the premises, and that every effort should be made to discover and arrest the murderer. So much for the ghost; and now for the laying of it. It turned out, upon inquiry, that the gant and grotesque figure which had haunted our traveller was only a poor -isb lad, who was accustomed to help the hostler to kill pigs. On this morning, three If these animals had to meet the common loom of their kind. The first visit of the lad to our traveller's room was to inform his Hmrade-who, he knew, usually slept there -that the hour was come for their deadly work, intimating the manner of it by the three passes of his finger across his throat. Upon leaving the room, and finding, after One interval, that the hostler-as he took aur traveller to be-had not arisen for his task, he returned the second time, angry that is call had not been obeyed, and took the laughtering knife with him, as a token and sign of what the lazy hostler had to get up und do. By the time of his third visit to the room, he had himself done the work of death without the aid of his fellow, andhe brought the blood.stained knife to signify as much ; nd also in dumb-show to say : "You may mow lie in your bed there for another hour r two, if you like; but it hsa been too bad f you to leave all this troublesome piece of utcher's-work to me." We are sorry we cannot add that the tra eller was quite pleased either with himself or with the explanation of his fright ; for he felt that he had cut rather a sorry figure in the early morning; and he could not help beerving that those whom he had aroused with his clamor and terror were slipping back to their rooms with much louder indications If merriment than our hero could properly ppreciate. He took an early train out of the town, not even troubling his landlady to make breakfast for him.-Chamisrrs' Jour. n~t 