A SPECULATIVE SPIRIT. Now, to understand the solemnity of this story yon must believe that Hopkins was a man entirely without imagination — Frank Blair and I decided that when we first made bis acquaintance, years ago ; and have never changed our opinion. We were then two young geniuses who hoped to soar to fame on the wines of art, the most imaginative art of all, figure painting ; and we knew and were glad to hail imagination whenever we saw it Besides, as Blair trnly remarked, Hop kins was a man whose vocation it was to make money, somehow, on the Stock Exchange ; so one might as well look for imagination in a model engaged at a shilling an hour. Then again, the man's face was sufficient to assure yon that he was not blessed with any such quality. It is a large face, rather flabby and sprinkled with freckles ; the nose is short and thick, and lip, chin, and cheeks, quite destitate of hair. Hopkin's body, too, is almost inclined to corpulence ; he dresses in a commonplace manner, his fingers are short and thick ; so I think we may safely settle, to start with, that Hopkins is a very ordinary man, and has no imagination. I can scarcely remember how we first foregathered with Hopkins. He was hardly the man - we should have chosen for an intimate friend ; yet, at one time, we saw a good deal of him. In those jolly old days Frank and I lodged in modest rooms together and shared a studio. I think Mr. Levi Solomon, the picture-dealer, to whom when hardly pressed we wonld sell a picture or two, brought him to us as a gentleman who desired a personal interview. It was, of course, against Solomon's secret wishes that the introduction took place, as the worthy Israelite did not approve of direct transactions between artist and collector bnt HopkinB was donbtlesB a good cus tomer and Stood firm, so one day Solo mon conducted him to our studio. We must have been iu funds at that moment, for I remember we treated poor Solomon rather cavalierly ; and as for Hopkins, we looked upon him as a being from a lower sphere ; a Philistine ; a creature whose presence in the world conld only be tolerated from the stern necessity that an artist must sell his pictures to some one, in order to live. Our ideas of the grandeur and importance of the true mission of art were very lofty in those days, especially if we happen edto have a few. pounds in our pockets. Hopkins to ns was one of a class of men who buy young artists' pictures, solely with a view of realising hundreds per cent on the in vestments when fame comes to the pain ter. However, whether from mercenary inclinations, or for the many good qual ities that adorned us, Hopkins took a great fancy to as and sought our society from that day. Of course he had the usual commercial faults, and not a few defects of education ; but be had a great and proper reverence for genius, and delighted to do it homage — at least so we understood the meaning of those little dinners he gave us, at his own chambers and various other places. As artists, after all, are bnt mortal, and, when yonng and straggling, not too highly fed, we accepted Hopkin's atten tions in the spirit we fancied they were meant, and, after a bit, tolerated him ; indeed, even began to think he waB a desirable urqnsint11ufM' — moved by a feeling of gratitude for hie civilities, only doubled the market-price of the pictures we conld at times induce him to buy. We enjoyed the dinners he gave us very much, but I am sure HopkinB en joyed himself moire |when we were kind enough to condescend; to invito him to spend an evening at our lodging He gave us Lafite and choice cigars ; we only placed pipes and whisky upon the table ; but then, as he said, onr.rooms, if bumble, were the abode of art, which he honoured. Altogether Hopkins was not a bad sort, and those were merry old times. If HopkinB did not himself take a leading part in the conversation during these evening entertainments, be was, at least, a capital listener ; and, somehow, when Frank Blair and I, as was onr wont, got into lively discussions on things in general and art in particular, we had contracted the habit of addressing onr remarks to our guest, much in the same way that honourable members address their words to the Speaker. Hopkins wonld eit in the crazy armchair and lis ten with a sort of stolid impartiality, but rarely ventured to make a remark on his own account. Occasionally I fancied his face during our talk would wear an ex pression of content, bnt Bhould not like to be rash enongh to assert even tbat much. He would sit smoking bis pipe or cigar, but the nearest approach he made to entering into the discussion was by giving an occasional grunt, which might be either of approbation or con demnation, as those who beard chose to construe it. Sometimes, for want of better amusement, Frank and I would join our forces together and chaff our friend unmercifully. He bore our sallies of wit very well, aud seemed to tike us none the worse that we made fun at his expense. Yet -there was little fan in it, after all ; and we decided that, except to keep our hands in, it was scarcely worth while to waste our fine passes oo a man who was so unresisting and knew so tittle of fence. But one unlucky evening he brought upon himself a regular onslaught. We bad been dilating upon tbe charms of an artiBt'e life, and asserting its moral euperiority to tbat of any trade, wbeti our friend sighed deeply and said : 'Sometimes, do you know, I think had I learnt to draw when a boy, I might have done something in your liue. But now I am afraid it is too late.' This idea was so presnmptous that we felt it demanded instant aod severe punishment, so Frank said gently : 4 My dear fellow, you draw some things very nicely now, even without an artist's educations-cheques for iustance.' 4 1 followed more severely : 4 Mr. Hopkins, allow mo to warn yen against falling into the error of that gen eral public which you so well represent, in thinking tbat the execution alone makes tbe artist. Au artist, as I under stand tbe word, must have many qual ities besides manual dexterity. He must have, iu addition, many of tbe gifts of the poet, and amongst them that greatest gift of all, imagination. Now you, my dear sir, I am afraid are not very great at that.' Poor Hopkins said nothing, evidently convinced by Frank's sarcasm and my ponderous arguments that his case was a hopeless one. ' Do you ever dream V asked Frank. 4 Not very often,' replied Hopkins, 'only after curried lobster or crab, or something of that sort. I am a very sound sleeper.' 4 Then you see, if yon can't dream without the assistance of indigestible food, yon can't imagine, and I, with every wish to encourage incipient talent, should ad vise you not to adopt the profession of an artist.' 4 Well, well,' said Hopkins, 4 iet us say no more about it,' and he sighed again. But we were not inclined to let him off so easily, and went on in the same vein till we were weary, and tossed him and his aspirations about between us like a ball. We treated him very badly, and he must have been tbe best tempered or the thickest skinned of men to have stood it without showing anger. Tired at last of baiting our imperturb able friend we turned to other topics. 4 Seen Jones's new picture 1' asked Frank. Yes. Don't care much for it, I rep lied; 'men shouldn't try to paint old subjects unless they can treat them in a new manner.' 4 Well, it must be baid to strike out a new line with Hamlet and the ghost I never tried to paint a ghost, so I don't know what I should make of it.' 4 1 shall wait till I see one, and then offer it handsome terms for a few sittings. I think there is something to be done with ghosts, but they must be of au original kind, not conventional, like Jones's. 4 Hang it, no. They are always the same ; thinly painted, with something placed conveniently behind them to show their transparency. I wouldn't care to paint a ghost of that sort, people ouly laugh at them ; but I should tike to put that creepy sensation on cauvas — that feeling that something uncanny is abont.' ' Well, when someone does see a ghost we may get the correct thing ; not till then.' 4 Ghoste ain't visible,' said HopkinB solemnly ; ' but, for all tbat, there are ghosts.' A remark tike this from Hopkins was an event not likely to be passed by, so we cried in a breath : 4 What do you know about ghosts ? Ever troubled with them V He took his pipe from his lips aud said quietly : 4 If yon yonng fellows won't laugh too mncb, I don't mind telling yon.' ' We promised the gravity of Solon, and Frank winked at me in so barefaced a manner, that anybody but onr unob servant" friend would have seen it and at once declined speaking. However, no mischief was done, for in deep accents he began : 4 Yon remember ' 4 Slop a bit,' I said ; ' I can tell from the way the story opens it is going to be something awful. Let as fill the glasses first.' We did so. 4 Now fire away, old fellow, and don't, pleaBe, embellish your trathfel tale with too many flowers of fancy.' Hopkins paused a little. 4 Look here,' he eaid, 'you won't mention this to anybody, as I should not like the people on the Stock Exchange to hear of it They chaff so. We vowed that wild horses should not rend, the terrible revelation from onr bosoms. Hopkins began again : 4 You remember my late partner, poor old -Bobbett f ' 4 Never even heard of him, 'interrupted Blair. 'Ah, to be sure. Before yonr time. Well, onr firm was — indeed, is now— Bohbet HopMos, end Company,' "What busineBsi' I asked with the air of a cross-examining counsel. 4 Stock- jobbers. Office, Oapel Court,' said Hopkins with a return to his usual brevity. 4 Excuse me interrupting yonr interes ting tale,' said Frank, 'but what is a stock-jobber ? Something eminently re spectable, honest and lucrative, X have no doubt. But what is it P i Hopkins summed np his profession' briefly thus : ' You want to sell stock — another! man wants to buy stock — yon go to a- broker — jobber, or dealer, which Bounas; nicer — your broker sells him the; stock, his broker . buys it of him.! That's a stock-jobbers business in a nut-' shell.' ' But as I am ignorant of all tran sactions in stock, I fail to see the pull of. if ! ' Well, your broker sells it to me for,! say, one hundred and twenty ; tbe other; man's broker buys it of me for, Bay, one! hundred aud twenty-one ; and that's the way we make our tiring.' ' 4 That is a nice business,' said Blair, in tones of admiration ; 4 so easy, just tbe thing to suit you, I should think.' 4 Don't listen to him,' I cried : 4 go on with your tale.' ! Hopkins, not tbe least discomposed by the interruption?, proceeded - ' 4 Old Bobbett was my partner, and a capital partner be was— sharp as a needle, and bold aB a lion, and always fair in bis dealings between partner and partner. The only fault I bad to find with him was tbat he was a little toO fond of speculating on his own account I like best to let people speculate through me. It pays beBt in the long ran, and you sleep much sounder wbea a rising don't make a difference of a thousand or so to you. But Bobbett couldn't keep out of it. The excitement was every thing to him, and I must say he rrafe very clever ; seldom making a bad mis take. He gave all his time to it aud had the most marvellous way of picking up information before other people. I never knew where be got bis tips, but when he strolled into the office of a morning and said, 4 Better sell or buy North British, Brighton As,' or what else it might be, I knew he bad heard something, and there would be a move one way or another in the stocks he named. I tell yon I used to get very frightened at first, especially when hja did make losses ; but at each year's end I fouud the balance the right side, so, at last, I cime to trust Bobbett implicitly let him do just as be liked ; and it be bad told me Consols were going to drop to eighty I think I should have believed him. Poor old Bobbett !' I Hopkins paused here ; it might have been from tbo emotion caused by the recollection of tender commercial pas sages between himself aud the lamented Bobbett : but if so, his face said no thing. Frank drew tbe back of his baud across bis eyes and murmured : 'This is all very interesting — very pathetic, but where's the promised ghost I' Our stolid friend took no notice, but went on like one commencing a fresh chapter of a novel. 4 One day my partner told me be was going to the north of England on some private business. There was very little doing on the Exchange at tbat time, or, I am enre, no private business would have called him away. 4 Better not operate till my retnrn,' he said, 4 unless you hear from me. If I think anything worth doing, or pick np any news, I will wire.' 4 All right,' I said ; 4 pleasant journey to you.' And so he went off out of the office, never to return. Poor old Bobbett 1' : Hopkins seemed almost in tears, and ' we, who bad never given him credit for such tender feelings, tempered our sur prise with sympathy. 4 The next day but one came a tele gram — from John Bobbett, Crossieigh Road Station. It contained these simple words, 4 Sell thirty thousand Marthas.' I was thunderstruck when I read.' 4 Wait a miuute,' said Blair ; 4 you are going beyoud us again. What did he mean % Were you slave-jobbers as well as stock-jobbers ?' ! 4 We call stocks by nicknames. Calc donian Deferred are 44 Claras," Brighton Deferred are ''Berthas," Northern As, 44 Noras, "so that Manchester and Duudees are 44 Marthas." i 4 1 see," said Blair ; 4 what ingenuity !' 4 1 was thunderstruck, I say ; aud as I read the telegram my first thought was, it must be a forgery ; but a secret word known to as alone, put its authenticity beyond a doubt And yet, in spite of my high opinion of Bobbett's cleverness, I hesitated for some minutes. I could see no possible reason to expect a fall in the stock named. The traffic return was good, and a large dividend was naturally expected. All rails were high, knowing people said must go higher. There was lots of public money for investment, and the outside public dearly loves to buy on a rising market, and yet, with all these' facts before me, I am proud to tay I trusted my old partner, although it was with a heavy heart I followed his in structions. - I sold at the best price I conld get, and just as X had placed the last five thousand, became aware of great excitement in tbe market. You will scarcely credit it, but telegrams came in, running so : 4 Terrible accident on Man chester and Dundee line. Two trains completely wrecked. Fifty persons killed and wounded.' Yon muBt remem- her the collision. It was an awful smash np, and nearly swamped tbe dividend on the deferred shares for tbat half-year. 4 As soon as the first excitement sub sided I began to thiDk of Bobbett. I knew be was somewhere np that way, and for the moment felt anxions about him, and then I langhed at my fears aB I remembered the telegram I had received a short time before. He, at least, must be all right, or he conld not have sent me that line; but what an old rascal — fellow, I mean— to manage to forestall ereiyone in the intelligence 1 He mast have sped to the nearest station, des patched his message, and perhaps bribed the telegraphist to keep back the official news until I had time to complete tbe transaction. However he had managed, it was very clever, and ought to be a lot of money in onr pockets, and thankfal X was'I trusted turn. 'I dare say you two in your hearts think this very wrong, bnt it is diamond cat diamond on the London Stock Ex-' change, I can tell yon.' Fraok and I made polite disclaimers, and as we were growing rather interested in this iniquitous exploit of Bobbett's, pressed Hopkins to go tin without fear of wounding our susceptibilities. 4 Of course I was very sorry for the poor people killed, but I could not help feeling as I went back to my office that I had done a very good day's work. 4 1 won't close,' I said, 'until Bobbett returns. I should think with this tran saction open, he is sure to get back to- morrow. -EiVen as 1 made this resolu tion, a clerk pnt a telegram in my band. It came from some railway official, and informed me that John Bobbett had been killed in the smash. My snrpriBe at the first message was nothing to what I felt now. It was utterly incomprehensible — it was impossible. How could Bobbett be dead - when his telegram lay before met When he sent that he must have been alive, and what was more, bad all his wits about him. It was barely possible he conld have got any one else to send off the message, aud died after wards from injuries. I was greatly puzzled and alarmed, so decided that the best thing I could do to elucidate the mystery "was to go myself to the 'scene of the accident and ascertain the truth. I started by the night mail, travelled all night, and early in the morning reached Crossieigh Road, a little station of no importance. The accident had happened some miles further down the line, and wheD I reached the place, I was con ducted to a large barn which stood near tbe side of the railway ; and there, laid out ou the deal boards, I saw, side by side with many a ghastly object, the corpse of poor old Bobbett, mangled aud battered almost beyond recognition 1 After tbe emotion I felt at seeing my old partner in . this Btate had subsided, a feeling of iutense fear replaced it. I saw at one glance tbat by no possibility could he have moved a foot after the accident, and as I stood wondering, a doctor who was near me eaid : 44 4 He was more tortunate than many, his death was instantaneous.' 4 1 obtained further particulars from the people about, and leirnt that his body bad been extricated from the wreck of the carriages, where it lay with about a ton of wood and iron on the top of it. 'And yet I had his telegram, sent from Croseleigh Road, a station, as I told you before, at least five miles from the scene of the collision, and I received that telegram nearly an hour before any news came of the accident.' Hopkius knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and was silent. Hie man's tale had been told so simply, so circumstan tially, tbe time and places 'stated so dis tinctly, and apparently truthfully, that Frank aud I for the moineDt were uuable to suggest auy explanation. Hopkins replenished his pipewith the air of tine who has nothing farther to say. At last I asked : ' But did you not enquire at the tele graph office 1' 1 Oh yes. But I hardly like to tell you the result of my enquiries, it seems so strange. I interviewed the man who worked the machine. I did not want to get a marvellous tale spread about, so was very cautious in my questions, en quiring what messages be had sent on the day before. At first I could get nothing out of him, but I noticed, when I asked him whether he conld remember any strange occurrence just before the accident he aeemed troubled, and hesitated a little ; so I pressed him further, and at last got this statement from him. Some time, about an hour he thinks, before he heard of tbe accident down tbe liue, be was etanding in the office with bis back to the fire, engaged in cracking nuts, eating apples, or eome other device that clerks with plenty of leisure employ to while away the time, when he felt a breath of cold air as if some one had entered and left the outer door ajar. He turned round to remonstrate with tbe careless intruder, and, to his surprise, saw the door was shut. As he glanced round tbe rotiui he heard the familiar click, click, click, and he was prepared to swear he saw the handle of the instru ment working rapidly on its own account, aud evidently sending off a message some where." He was so taken aback, and, indeed, frightened, that for some moments he could not move, and when at last he recovered himself sufficiently to spring forward; tbe movement of tbe handle had ceased, and the message whatever'it was. speeding to its destination. He was sure, from the short time it took in send ing, the message was only a very few words, aud I need not say that, as tele graph clerks are unaccustomed to seeing their iustruments worked by invisible egeucy,he was much puzzled, but decided not to report the occurrence for fear his superiors might think be had been drink ing. I gave him a couple of sovereigns, and begged him to say nothing about it. Afterwards I enquired at the otber end, and fouud the message had been for warded in an ordinary way. So that in spite of my disbelief iu anything super nal oral, I could only come to one con- clrs'ou.' ' It is very strange,' said Frank. 'So you think ' ' I think that poor old Bobbett's ghost flew at once to tbe telegraph-office and managed to send off that important message to his old partner and friend. Bobbet was a very clever man, and no doubt bis ghost was cleverer than other people's ghosts.' 4 So that -in the general confusion it managed to evade pursuit for a few mo ments ?' Hopkins made no reply. ' But,' I asked, 4 have you any reason for thinking tbat ghosts in general, or Bobbett's ghost in particular, are endued with a knowledge of tbe Morse alpha bet J' 4 1 have told you before,' said Hop. kins with crushing solemnity, ' .that Bob- - bett was a clever man, aud knew most things.' 4 Well, what about the what-d'ye-call- ems — the young women, the Marthas V asked Frank. \- 'I waited some days before I closed the account, hoping that Bobbett might send me instructions, about them- some how, but as I heard nothing of him, I bought them back at ten per .cent, less.' . 'That I suppose means a satisfactory conclusion, and yon netted something f Three thousand pounds. It ought to have been more had I dared to wait I for (hey fell fifteen more before they stopped. Perhaps,' added Hopkius thoughtfully and regretfully, 'had I waited till then, Bobbett would have sent me a message to close.' He said this iu such serious good faith, that we stared at one another. .When we recovered from our astonish ment, I asked : 4 That profit, of course, went into the partners account f 4 Of course it did, sir,' replied Hopkins almost angrily; ' After deducting my travelling expenses I passed his share to bis nredit.' < 4 And I hope,' said Frank, with a solemn face, 4 you pud the company the , shilling for the telegraphic message which Mr Bobbett Bent without their per mission.' Hopkins roBe with a manner almost dignified. I 'Mr. Blur, he said, ' this is tbeione subject I never jest upon. -'T have fcold yon, in the simplest language, astraUge, but a true tale, and wiU ' now wish ou good-night /» So Saying he went Frank, rather buffed at his last words, only shook hands with onr' departing guest, but I conducted him downstairs and saw him oat As X'closed the floor' I heard a tremendous grant ; indeed bo load was it I thought it must be a earn-! mons for re-admittance. I opened! the1 door again, and, to my eurprise, ; raw Hopkins leaning against the railings, with every muscle of his "broad back in motion. I was quite alarmed, and said hastily': 4 Are yon ill, bid follow T The quivering motion ceased, j and; Hopkins turned round and looked up at me, and hie great feoe, under the lamp light, was as empty of expression as VVQi 'No; only the recollection of those things I told yon always upsets; me. Good night. Poor old Bobbett 1 ' "Strange tale, ' Frank,' I said, when having closed the door on Hopkins' departing sigb, we settled down imce more. ' 4 Very. Had any one else bnt Hopkins told it, I shouldn't have believed apvord of it ; bnt he- could no more invent it than he could paint my .Alexander and Thais.' ' , 4 How do yon account for it J' ' Can't account for it. The only ex planation I can see is, that Bobbett, who must have been no end of a rascal, laid eome plans for wrecking, the trains, and arranged to have the telegram1 sent off previously. . Rut then he was fa the train, and was smashed np himself, so that won't do.' » \ 'I have seen it asserted I sridj 4 iu , a book of spiritual influences, that per son dyiog, and tbiukiug of someone, at a distance, has been able to make a' sort of resemblance of himself appear to tbat spmeone. Bobbett's thoughts, directly tbe smash cime, may have turned tobis one passion — speculating, and acted' somewhat in thesame way.' 4 Nonsenae !' said Frank ; 4 that won't hold water. I can't account for it.',; 4 Neither can L' And we never did. HopkinB declined to talk any more npon the subject, which ' he eaid was a painful one to him, eo.we so on ceased to think about it. < And yet there is one thing that ; puzzles me. Some years afterwards I spoke about Hopkins and his pecnliar- ities, or rather hick of peculiarities, to a mutual friend, when suddenly remember ing his tale, I said : 4 Bye-the-by, did yon know his late partner Bobbett 1' 4 Oh yes ; very well — sharp man he was too 1' 'Killed in a railway accident, I believe 1' 4 No ; he died in his bed like other people, and left a lot of money behind him.' Now this piece of information, coupled with the recollection of Hopkins as f saw him, leaning against the railing outside the front door, quivering with strange emotion, caused a feeliDg of uneasiness in my mind, and sometimes now, in spite of his unmeauing features and common place demeanour, I ask my self, in confidence : 4 Were we wrong after all, and did Hopkins possess imagin ation ?' 