BANQUET TO THE REV. F. W. BOURNE. On Wednesday evening, February 22, a banquet was given in the Town Hall by the Bible Christians to the Rev. F. \V. Bourne, who lately arrived in South Australia as a deputation of the Bible Christian Conferenca in England. There were about 200 guests, amongst whom were a large proportion of ladies. Ministers of other denominations were present. His Honor Chief Justice Way presided. I he SECRETARY of the Conference read the following address from the Bible Christians to the Rev. F. W. Bourne. The address was beautifully engrossed, and bound in red Morocco gilt:— To Rev. l'\ W. Bourne.—Dear Sir and Brother- It is with the greatest pleasure we meet to-day to present to you on your arrival among us the sincere greetings of the Bible Christian Churches of South Australia, and on their behalf to give you a hearty welcome to our shores. We join in devout thanksgiving to Almighty God, whose gracious haud has preserved and sustained you amidst the perils of the deep, and pray that your future journeyings both by land and sea may be equally speedy aud prosperous. For many Teasons we hail your presence here with the liveliest sat sfaction. Your character as a Christian gentleman, j'our reputation as a minister, nnd your official position as a deputation from the English Bible Christian Conference to the Churches of this colony combine to produce in us the warmest sympathy and admiration. We rejoice that GOG has vouchsafed to you those gifts which, sanctified by His grace, have fitted you to be one of the leaders of our Israel, aud that you have been enabled to fill with so much credit to yourself and those around you the most responsible positions in the Connexion. W T e are pleased that the Conference appointed as its first deputation to the colonies one who is so familiar with the polity, usages, and working of our Church, and who for many years has laboured ably and successfully to promote its best interests, and who from the beginning has worked so harmoniously with his brethren in the ministry. We are equally pleased to know that your pulpit ministrations are so highly appreciated, and that your literary productions have been so widely circulated, and. have become a means of instruction and blessing to many. It would have enhanced our pleasure had Mrs. Bourne accompanied you. The recollection of the many eminent graces which distinguish her Christian character, and her long and useful connection with our Church, wonld have made her presence deeply interesting to us, and secured for her a most cordial welcome. We trust that your brief sojourn with us will prove a source of satisfaction and pleasure to yourself. Many things no doubt in this young community will greatly interest you. Its growth has been rapid. Forty-five years ago the gumtree reared its majestic head where now this fair city stands. The progress in civilization, commerce, agriculture, education, and Christianity has been equally surprising. The varied and vast resources of this great country warrant the expectation of still greater advancement in tlie future. It is highly satisfactory that the Gospel has taken such a firm hold on the people, that it is sustained by the purely voluntary principle, and that religious equality prevails. You will be gratified to know that our own denomination which commenced its operations in 1S50 has pressed forward in the worl; of evangelization, and that now it is represented in very mauy of the rising townships of this new country, besides having chapels interspersed among the farms in most of the agricultural areas. The work accomplished will no doubt prove highly gratifying to you, because it manifests that the missionary spirit which actuated our sainted fathers is a living force in the lives of their descendants in this far-off land. The heartiness shown on this occasion you will please interpret, not only as au expression of attachment to yourself, but also to the fathers and brethren who compose the Conference you represent. We assure you of our loyalty to the Bible Christian Connexion, the doctrines it teaches, and the noble purposes it seeks to accomplish. We sincerely hope the object of your visit will be fully answered, that tic mutual ties of friendship binding us to the parent .Society will be greatly strengthened, and your labours prove a lasting benefit to our people. That your health may be invigorated by change of climate, and your useful labours long continued in our beloved denomination, is the sincere wish of yours fraternally in the bonds of Christian love. Adelaide, February 22,1SS2. The CHAIRMAN having read apologies for unavoidable absence from the Chairman of the Baptist Union, the Revs. C. Manthorpe, J. Lyall, F. W. Cox, and from Dean Russell, said there were many persons present who would remember that thirty-three or thirtyfour years ago there was much talk in Bible Christian circles about a boy prodigy who laboured among the local preachers in the London Circuit. In 1850 that promising youth was taken as a probationer in the ministry. He had become a cultivated theologian, a ripe divine, a powerful orator, and possessed rare ability as a literary man, besides being a rare leader, with a fine head for business, and great capabilities for practical effort. The gentleman he spoke of was the Rev. Mr. Bourne. (Applause.) The year 1850, when he entered the Bible Christian ministry, was midway in the Bible Christian connexional history. He stood as a link between the old preachers and the young. His connection with South Australia began long years ago, when he was in the school class of Mr. G. fife Ahgas. For over a score of years Mr. Bourne had had a direct official connection with the colony through the offices he held under the denomination. The Bible Christians were not very largely represented iu the colony, but the very smalluess of their numbers fostered the feeling of kinship. The Conference as a body had honoured itself as well as honoured its representative in the selection it had made. Mr. Bourne bad met with most cordial and hearty receptions wherever he had been, and there was no doubt that wherever he proposed to go, there he would be welcomed; but in no place could he be more sincerely •welcomed than in South Australia. (Applause.) Ihe Rev. R. S. CASELY, President of the Wesleyan Conference, on behalf of that part of the Church which he represented, gave Mr. Bourne a most sincere and hearty welcome. Mr. SAMUEL COOMBE, of Bowden, and the Rev. JAMES ROWE followed. The Rev. F. W. BOCB>~E, W^O was received with acclamation, said that when he looked back upon what he had gone through, and remembered how ditfident he naturally was wl-en young, and when he reflected upon the many Rind things said of him that he had just heard he felt astonished at his own tcmc-iity. He had been overwhelmed by the full and comprehensive address he had just listened to, and also by'tbe very gratifying welcome, he had received on all sides. Mr. Bourne then proceeded to give some of his early experiences, many of which were of a rather humorous character, aud as they were related in a quaint, dry, witty fashion, with moral reflections to boot, they enlivened tlie proceedings considerably. He added that he had always been sustained by a feeling of determination to do his utmost to make his work acceptable, and if he had done good he was amply rewarded bv the feeling that he had tried to fulfil his mission. He entered the ministry when a lad of 18 or 19, in 1850. The denomination numbered then 14,000 or 15,000; but there had beau great growth. He recalled one or two instances of the heroism of the fathers of the Church, and showed how they had laboured under many difficulties with an amount of zeal that blessed the cause and made it triumph. The mission in Canada in 18S0 triumphed after hard, earnest, unselfish labour on the part of the brethren. In 1850 brethren were sent to South Australia, and at that time the Bible holy religion. On behalf of the Connexion, which took a dee]) interest in the Church here, he thanked those present. A Church would grow up here in this rising land that would magnify the service of Christ. (Applause.) The Hon. J. Colton, Mr. J. Pellew (of the Burra), Hon. Dr. Campbell M.L.C., the Revs. T. Piper, J. Thorne. J. G. Ashton, S. Kuight, J. Trewin, and \V. Diment also spoke in teimsof cordialitv, and the proceedings were closed with the Doxology. MACHIJTEKY FOR TEMOBA.—Among the passengers by the Assam on February 21 were .Messrs. Barnfield, Solomon, & Wendt, who proceed to Melbourne to procure crushing machinery for the S.A.Q.M. Company at Teinora, of which mine they are Directors. It is understood that they will also arrange for the conveyance to ana the erection of the mill upon the mine with a view of commencing crushing at the earliest possible date. ACCIDENT.—David Lyons, a baker, twentyfive years of age, was admitted into the Hospital on Wednesday suffering from a severely injured right hand. Mr. Lyons, while following his usual occupation, had his hand caught in some machinery when the accident occurred. He was removed to the Hospital, and upon examination it was found necessary to amputate the hand. A MEMORABLE YEAB.—The year that has just closed (says a London paper) has been a year of big things. A correspondent of a weekly paper thinks it will be memorable as the year of the biggest English census, the biggest volunteer review, of the hottest day and of the coldest day ever scientifically recorded in England, of the greatest number of comets, of the highest jump, the quickest quarter-mile run, and the largest score at cricket ever made by one batsman in a single innings; and, finally, cf the quickest seapassage ever made between England and North America, and between England aud Australia. SELECTORS IN THE NOHTH.—Our correspondent at Amyton writes:—" We had not a ghost of a chance of seeing the Commissioner of Crown Lands, as his visit here has_ been in every sense of the term a flying visit. So far as can be ascertained by the residents of this district, Mr. Catt made but one faint effort to obtain any information about this part. I have not seen one farmer of this hundred or district who had the honour of being interviewed by the Com- I missioncr. Great complaints are being made I as to the assertion made by Mr. Catt that the - yield per acre in tins hundred averaged one j bushel. _ It is altogether inaccurate, as the I yield ciid not avciasre that much bv a lo i' ' v.ay." * j 