GENERAL NEWS. £400 has been collected in Sydney for the testimonial to Trickett. The amount is expected to be further increased before the list, closes. The latest Arctic exploration scheme has been ventilated by a gentleman named Falmarts, in Washington. He is a member of the Belgian Geographical Society, and is now on a visit to the United States. He has devoted much time to Arctic study, and proposes to explore the polar regions in a cigar-shaped steel vessel running under the water, and obtaining oxygen by aqueous decomposition. M. Falmarts says the experiments he has made show the practicability of the Bcheme. He proposes a 60 days' voyage to the north of Spitsbergen* A crowded meeting of Irishmen was held in Adelaide last week for the purpose of hearing Mr. Fierce Healy, delegate from the Australian Central Committee of the Land League. Mr. Healy explained the objects of the league in a very lengthy speech, lasting an hour and a half. He defended the action taken to secure the rights of Irishmen, and expressed abhorrence at the imprisonment of the leaders of the Land League and the lady leaguers. He concluded by an earnest appeal to support the league, on the ground of its fair and righteous agitation. Resolutions were passed expressing horror and indignation at the murders of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke, and disclaiming any connection with them on the part of the league, and also expressing sympathy with the objects of the Land League. A committee was appointed to collect subscriptions, a considerable amount being subscribed in the room. The meeting was orderly, but enthusiastic. A case was seized by the Customs authorities at Fort Adelaide from the barque Coorong. It was labelled sugar samples, but was found to contain 51b. weight of cigars. The person to whom the case was addressed cannot be found, , and it is supposed that the name is fictitious. The Customs officers are making vigorous eflorts to discover the real consignee. Another distressing social scandal is likely says the Melbourne Herald, soon to be investi gated in our Divorce Court. The husband was kind but over confiding, and permitted the wife too long an interval of absence from the domestic hearth to recruit her health and restore her nerves which lacked the excitement of the metropolis. The principal of, it is alleged, many co-respondents, is an artist, to whom the music loving public of Australia is much indebted. The proceedings in the case Lucas v. Minister of Works, Sydney, were enlivened by the evidence of Mr. MacElhone, M.L.A., who freely expressed his opinion regarding "rogues and vagabonds," the advantage of "a short shrift and a long rope " for all such persons, " Darling Harbor swindles," and a certain person who, being once upon a time, very ill, " ate six plates of soup and only paid for one." There was also an interesting scene with reference to the state ment made by Mr. Lucas on the first day of the case with regard to himself and the Attorney General and a piece of land purchased for £3,000, for which Mr. Lucas said* £50,000 was subsequently refused. Mr. Lucas made an explanation which exonerated the Attorney General from what the published reports of his (Mr.: Lucas's) evidence implied. HAUNTED HOUSES UNDISCOVERABLB.-AS to haunted houses, they are as difficult to find as the celebrated Snark. Many years ago, I : remember, my father, being considerably pes tered with stories of inexplicable ghosts and haunted houses, decided on thoroughly inves tigating the first case which admitted of his taking possession of tbe house with his own party, under such circumstances as precluded the possibility of any trickery or foul play. To this end the party were to be well armed, and notice was to be given extensively in neighbourhood of the house which might be the subject of investigation that the revolvers were for use and not for show, aud that it wonld be advisable for the local wags not to try any tricks on the garrison. The party waB to consist of my father, the late W. H. Wills, Mr. Edmund Yates (if I remember rightly), myself, and two dogs of imposing stature and truculent aspect, which were kept at Gadshill for the benefit of the tramps who prowl about the Kentish roads. But that haunted house never turned np. Over and over again did tbe believer iii haunted houses whose pertinacity led to the formation of this party of would-be ghost seers, write to my father with details of moated granges in Wiltshire, of manor houses in Kent, of wild fariiis in Cumberland, of buildings, I verily believe, in half the counties of England which were said to be full of the most delighted ghosts, and to offer all kinds of mysterious siehtB and sounds to the investigator. Over and over again did it turn out either that the house did not exist (or at all events could not be identified), or that some insuperable obstacle stood in the way of the proposed examination. No key of any. house with a ghost in it was evefr procurable on the terms I have mentioned, and I very much doubt whether any would ever be forthcoming under similar conditions.-Charles Dickens, in Household Words. DEFENCE or THE CHANNEL TUNNEL.-Dr. Siemens has. by request, presented to the Military Committee on the subject of the Channel Tunnel an ingenious and novel plan for defending the tunnel from hostile inva sion. He proposes that immediately above the lateral drainage tunnel there should be a driftway orttube, terminating on the tunnel in a double aich, with numerous perforations into the tunnel, and on the land side in several chambers of wrought iron sunk into the ground. The chambers he proposes to mi with lumps ol common chalk, and to con nect each of them by means of a pipe with a large cistern filled with dilate muriatic acid. Upon opening the communication the acid would flow into the upper portion of one of the chambers, where it would be distributed by perforated pipes over the entire area. The result of such an inflow would be a powerful chemical reaction, giving rise to a generation of carbonic acid gas, which would for half a mile or more form an insuperable barrier to the passage of a human being through the tunnel. The valves by which the acid was turned upon the chalk might be worked from a safe distance by electricity. Dr. Siemens states that by the adoption of this scheme the tunnel would be left intact and fit for use after a reasonable interval for proper measures to clear it from the carbonic acid gas. NON-INTOXICATIXG DRINKS.- The introduc tion' of tea and coffee into this country has probably done more to promote ten perance than all the temperance societies that ever existed. If a non-intoxicating drink could be secured as pleasant to the palate as wine, which would cheer without inebriating, and could be served without a preliminary process of kettle boiling aud the like, a much more serious blow would be struck at the empire of King Alcohol thau any which he islikely to receive from th<5 United Kingdom Alliauce. J udging, however, from the first annual tem perance exhibition which is now being held at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, that want has not yet been supplied. The immense popularity of Zoedone when it was first brought out is attested by the swarm of imi tators which followed as closely as possible in its wake, both in its composition and iu its appearance ; but neither Zuedone, nor Hedo zoue, nor Noedotit, or all the rest combined, can as yet be regarded as enabling the teeto taler to furnish his dinner table with bever ages as attractive as those wbich are enjoyed by the non-abstainer. The display in the Agricultural Hall is somewhat disappointiug and, so far, the cheapest, simplest, and least innocuous substitute for wine seems to be the aerated water produced in gazogene or " eff ervescent fountains " flavored to taste by the various " fruit drinks " which are steadily coming into use.-Pa l Mall Gazette. SILVERIXG IRON.--A manufacturer in Vienna employs the following process for silvering iron. He first covers the iron with mercury,> and silvers by the galvanic process. By heating to 300 degrees C., the mercury evapo rates and the silver layer is fixed.. Ironware is first heated with diluted hydrochloric acid, and then dipped in a solution of nitrate of mercury, being at the same tfme in com munication with the zinc pole of an electric battery, a piece of gas carbon or platinum being used as anode for the other pole. The metal is soon covered with a layer of quick silver, is then taken out and well washed and silvered in a silver solution. To save silver, the ware can be first covered with a layer of tin ; one part of cream of tartar is dissolved in eight parts of boiling water, and one or more tin anodes are joined with the carbon pole of a Bunsen element. The zinc polo communicates with a well- cleaned piece of copper, and the battery is made to aot till enough tin has deposited on the copper, when this is taken out and the iionware put iu its place. Tbe ware thus covered with tin chemically pure is silvered, and is much cheaper than any other silvered metals. "POTTING" THE POETS.-Condensation is the order of the day. Our English classics may now be obtained on the Liebig system. Surely it is time, Fun says, that someone potted the poets too. A moment's thought will convince our readers of the room there is for condensation in this direction. The " Penny Poets " ought to come out at once, What do we want in this rapid age but the essence, the soul, so to speak, of a poem ? Take a very well-known one, " The Village Blacksmith ; why, five-sixths of it are made up of mere adjectives and ornamental ex pressions ! All we want in these go-ahead days being the heart of the poem, effective slicing away of the superfluous surroundings is required. Condensed to suit the prevailing taste, the "Village Blacksmith" would be transformed into something of this kind: 1. Under a tree - A smithy stands, The smith is muscular And has large hands. 2. Bis hair ia black and long, Pace colour of tan, He perspires at work, And earns all he can ; And he is independent, i . Cash down being his plan. ! 3 & 4. His hammers and bellows Swing and roar, Pleasing the youngsters Who look in at his door, And lark so much He finds it a bore. 5 & 6. He goes to church on Sunday, And hears his daughter sing; Thinks, " How like her mother Who's dead, poor thing !" And cries, for such thoughts His feelings wring. 7 & 8. Being a blacksmith, ' He works the week through; Being a man, he has ups and So must we too, [downs, And always expect them, Whatever we do ! THE ADVANCE OF SCIENCE.-" I'm sure," said Judy's; laundress to the Ever-lovely One the other day, " what with them telephones, the electric light, the^ march of civilisation, and the advance of science, as the sayin- is, I don't know what the world's a-comin' to. Why, Ma'am, there's my daughter Maria, why she tells me as she curls her hair now with the Telegraph."-Judy. The " Legnophone," is the name of a musi cal instrument lately, invonted by Signor La sinaof Rome. It is in shape similar to a triangle, but consisting of forty-five small rods, made of white poplar wood, each of wbich rests upon six short straws laid upon a deal board. These rods are struck with two sticks, and the inventor states that very diffi cult music can be played upon them. IT WAS AH EIGHT.-Several persons were making purchases in a grocery in Kansas city on a snowy day, when an old man with a can in one band and a^ bundle in the other, entered, and asked, " Did any of you drive up here in a sleigh? " Yes, I did," replied one. " Was it an old white hoss?" "Yes." «' And an old woman in the cutter ?" " Yes." " And can she manage the hoss ?" " I guess she can." " Then it's all right," said the inan of the can and bundle. " The old hoss has run away, and the old woman is hang ing to the dashboard and shouting ' Murder!' with all her might; but, if she can manage him, there'B no use of anybody getting ex cited over. it. Let me inquire what the price of cranberries is to-day ?" LORD NORBURY, riding in the coaoh of his friend Purcell, and chancing to pass a gallows, asked, "Where would you be, Purcell, if every man had £is due ?" " Alone in my carriage," was the reply. 