Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and than Is relished by the wisest men.— HUDIBRAS. MIND unemployed is mind unenjoyed. MODESTY and merit are a handsome couple. The fool thinks he has argued a caße wnen ne offers to bet. , T .. Qurky kor Intelligent Persons.—How wraa is" broad" daylight? , The best penance for envying another s merit is to endeavour to surpass it. Ambitiour man: "Is there any fixed ruloior writing poetry?" There is! Don't! I look into a man's face and see how cheerful t is, and then I know how wise he is. Webster was an testheto, because ho enthusias tically says in his dictionary that the vorb " apeak It is stated that only 400 cedars of Lebanon romain. How many wore thore, and whore are theseceders? . , The lawyor is a rising man. Whon he loses his case he docs not. despair. He says: "Let us go up higher." But you have to hire him to no it. It was very ungnllant in the old bachelor who was told that a certain lady "had one foot in tho grave." to ask if thore wasn t room for both feet. "I've written a now poem," said an {esthetic author last week, addressing a young lady noted for her wit and beauty. "Indeed: and what w its title?" she usked. "Before tho dawn," said he. " Keep it dark," was her witty and crushing re- Two men were making arrangements to go Into business. One of them said, "It is understood, now, I get two-thirds of the profits, haying put to the most capital, and you got one-third. — All right," replied the other; lfbutif we have great luck and fail, then we are to divido the profits Old Aaron, who had just made a present to his little boy of a handsome bowl of gold and silver fish:—" What will you do, my dear, if the flßh dio?" Little Jacob: "Why father, have om melted down, of course!" "Why should a red cow give white milk? was the subject for discussion in a suburban agri cultural club. After an hour's debate tho secretary of tho meeting was instructed to milk the cow, and bring in a decision according to tho merits or the milk. It was blue. The Duko of Westminster is thinking of using his powor as a landlord to induce the tenants under him in London to consume thoir own smoke. He has sent out a private commission to investigate the matter, and if they report favourably, it will propably be made ono of the conditions of a West minster lease that one's chimneys emit no smoke. Miss Rosa Van Dikman, of Milwaukee, has brought a suit against Adolphc Thiclcs because he kissed her. She claims $1000 damages. She avers that "he then and there did seize plaintiff by the shoulders, put hiß arm around her neck, and did then and there kiss her," and by reason of said act the plaintiff wab "greatly hurt in her feel ings, and suffered and underwent great mental Garter.—lt is stated that although tho outfit for an ordinary Knight of the Garter costs only «100, yet that quite ten times that amount is expended when a Sovereign is made a Companion of that Ordor, and this without counting the cost of tho investiture. It is customary to present foreign Sovereigns and Princes, not only with the robes, but with tho old disused " silver suit,1 which closely resembles tho full dross of a harlequin— tho gloves alono cost twenty guineas. The Electric Light on the STAGK.—Atan after noon performance of "Patience" at the Savoy Theatre, the Swan clectrie light was used for tho first time on the stage. Between tho acts Mr. DOyly Carto appeared boforo the curtain, and after explaining the advantages of the Swan light in the event of a flrc, proceeded to break align ted incandescent lamp enveloped in thin gauze. The result was the immediate extinction of tho light without the gauze boing at all burned. Several scientific gentlemen were present, and the light ing was pronounced to be an unqualified success. The Lawyer lbt him Alone.—lt is rolatcd of George Clark, the celebrated negro minstrel, that, being examined as a witness, ho was severely questioned by tho attorney, who wished to break down his evidence. "You are in the negro minstrel business, I believe?" inquired tho lawyor, "Yes, sir," was the prompt roply. "Isn t that a rather low calling? demanded tho lawyer. I don't know but what it is," replied tho minstrol; "but it is so much better than my fathers that I am proud of it." "What was your fathers calling?" "He was a lawyer." roplied Clark, in a tone of rcgrot that put the audience in a roar. Tho lawyer let him alono. m . Fallacies ok the Female Faculty.—Tra thin shoos are conducive to health. That any thing is good as long as it's bought "a bargain. That so long as the music of a song is heard, tho words arc quite unnecessary. That no journey is properly carried out excepting with an imincnso quantity of luggage That it is necessary to defer the meaning of a letter until the postscript. Phut it is a proof of gentility to affect not to know what thcro is for dinner. That hysterics arc the best argument for bringing a person round to tho lady's way of thinking. The Almighty Dollar.—The Toronto (Can.) Globe has the following:-" Brother Smith, what does this mean?" "What docs what mean? " Bringing a nigger to this church." " Your own ? Is that any reason why you should insult tho whole congregation ?" "FJuthc is intelligent and woll educated." "Whocnrcs for that. He is a niggor." " Hut he is a friend of mine." "What of that? Must you. therefore, insult the whole con gregation?" "But he is a Christian, and belong* to the same denomination." " What do I care lor that? Lot him go and worship wilh liin Idlow niggers." "But he is worth $5,000,000."5 aid tho merchant. "Worth what?" "Five million dol lars." "Worth $0,000,000! Brother Smith, intro duce me.' Thk other day, while a nobloslag of ten wan being holly chased by the Kaposz tiisinegycrer hounds—a subscription pack in Hungary-■ one Karl Piiros, a discharged hussar, managed lo bring the terrified animal to :i standstill iti some close cover through which it was forcing its way, and, by an almost superhuman effort ol strength and agility, to vault upon its back. After several desperate but unsuccessful attempts lo dislodge its rider from his seat, the stag, stimulated anew to llightbvthccry of the fiist- npnroachiiighoumls. resumed its course, hul it soon broke down under the weight of its unaccustomed burden, nnd gave up the ghost through sheer exhaustion and terror. Poros was found by tin; huntsman sitting on the unwounded carcass of tin; stiiar. which ho had literally ridden to death, and resolutely claiuictt tho just reward of an achievement unprecedented; in the annals of tho chase. 