CRICKET, CRICKET CHATTER. Br INFELIX. The Ballarat Oval was the scene of the final match played by the Britishers on Aus tralian soil, and now that Alfred Shaw and his comrades have completed their toar, I think they deserve to he congratulated on the large measure of success which has attended them throughout its progress. In the 25 matches played by them they have been defeated on three occasions only; once by a strong 22 of the county of Cumberland, at P&rramatta;, once by a combined eleven of Victoria ana New South Wales, and once by the Australian Eleven. Against these defeats they can claim 12 victories, and of the 10 drawn games it can be said that the majority of them were so near akin to victory that they may be considered as being virtually decided in favour of the Englishmen. Where the draw was not favourable to them it can scarcely be said to have been against them. The Combined Team had; a long way to go in the first combination match on the Mel bourne cricket-ground, and notwithstanding Percy MacDonnell and Murdoch were well set and playing the bowling like " shelling peas," there is no telling in a game of cricket, and the professionals might have won after all bad die match been finished. The second contest with the Australian Eleven was drawn in favour of the Britishers, and this, I dare say, was about as much of a success in that direction as the Englishmen themselves expected, for they could hardly have antici pated anything less than a defeat from a picked eleven of Australia. They Siroved themselves more than a match or either New South Wales or Vic toria separately, our representatives bring defeated with consummate ease in the return contest The New Zealand trip was, 1 believe, financially a failure, but from a cricketing point of view it was an unequivo cal success-that is, so far as the Britishers were concerned. The Canterbury Fifteen, who expected to gain a decisive victory, weft simply nowhere, and the same remark ap plies to tide various other contests in Maori Land. In every department of the game the Englishmen were infinitely superior to the New Zealanders, and Shaw, Midwinter, and Co. can point with pride to their averages of 2 and S runs per, wicket Turning to the individual performances of the Eleven,! find that in batting Ulyett takes first place with aa average of 27.8 for 89 innings, twice not out He sooted altogether 1,007 runs, and his highest score was 149, for which he was indebted to Coulthard's mis take in the last contest with the Australian Eleven. Ulyett's batting was gtobably as «ood as ever it was, and he made it manifest that 1m still possessed all the fine defence and hitting power for which he was noted on his previous visit to these shores. Barlow, who was favoured with six nofc-outa, comes next with 26, IS, and Shrewsbury is my close up with 26.8. Bates has also performed well, and has the capital average of 25.19 for 35 innings, and only onoe not oat Selby's average is 18.19, and Midwinter's 16.18. The latter has been singularly unfortunate in needy every match throughout the tour, his best hits generally causing his downfall. Scotton has done fairly well, and has an average of 1325 for 8S innings. Pilling is the last of-the double figures, and his avenge of 10*19 is due to his being fourteen times not out In bowling, Shaw takes pre cedence, with the fine average of 4 runs per wicket. Midwinter, who has bowled nearly 4,000 bells, ranks ssoond, with a fraction over 6- rutts idr each wioket; end Pe&te; has secured 210 wickets in 4,918 balls, at the comparatively trifling oast of 6 runs per wicket Batee and Barlow obtained their wickets at 8 mnaftpifcoe. Emmett and Uylett have both got in to the doubles. Emmett'e wferageis upwards ot ll tuns par wicket, and Ulyett had jto. per Jffi rans for eaohot his wickets. The averages just spoken of indnde all the matches ysyeaHlegfan the whole to«.s In the eleven-M»de mstebee, Ulyett has the fine average 6t 89 for "14 innings, and ShretabOiyJKalmQet equal with *8.: Barlow and |$ttt**e very cloee together with 80 and 2 Smpeottvetrr uftd Seu>y,has an.ave cagept aSranptnK liuiiiics. Baottoe ootnes next with 80, L andPeate, wfco*ras seven times i^out^has lftona perianings to his " bowlers lfc-t'rid^ljtt*Jaee *»* than 16 >, n>tM MijWxe wwtlhs bestpep Inthiwsljstfobes. i thttfanner JutVf ^.fcJMQ.And'thS Jatteer fcndifihjtiwabarywere perforate* r with. the jottitejtaaavbom 3S33&S; ModJtbe gteaAetehare of itfattihg|»Peete. MM+nl^T^B^ e»hol whoa didhU spoken ol, l««*<«u4e with the throwing in, scarcely one of the Britishers being able to return a bail straight to the wicketkeeper. In this department Pilling was at his best, and proved clearly that if second, he is a very good second, to Blackham, the prince of wicketkeepers. To conclade these remarks, I may state that, comparing the doings of Shaw's team with those of tneir predecessors, I think the former do not suffer by comparison, and if the next English Eleven prove themselves to be possessed of the same genuine skill in every department of the game, and conduct themaelves in the same gentlemanly manner as Alfred Shaw and his comrades have done, the Australian public would be perfectly satisfied, and the Britishers, whether they be gentlemen or professionals, should have nothing to complain of. The esteem in which the Englishmen are held by the many friends they have made daring tbeir stay in Melbourne was mani fested by the large number who accompanied them on board the 8.8. Chimborazo on Wed nesday to wish them a speedy and pleasant voyage to their homes in '' Merrie England." Before finally separating, the genial Alfred and hiB gallant band will once more try conclu sions with the Australian Eleven, and on their j native heath endeavour to gain such a vic tory as will compensate them for all the de feats they had to undergo during their tour of the Australian colonies. The disputed Cup match between Mel bourne and Richmond having been decided I by the Challenge Cup Committee in favour of the latter club, and the aforesaid committee < having further decreed that South Melbourne should be the next to compete with Mel bourne for the coveted trophy, the Southerners, with the best team they were j able to muBter in the absence of Blackham and Palmer, wended their way to the Mel bourne Cricket-ground on Saturday last. The M.C.C., though deprived of the services of MeBBre. M'Donnell, Bonnor, and Edwards, were nevertheless represented by a tole rably strong eleven, who took the field j fully confident that they would be able to render a good account of the trust reposed in them. At the start, indeed, it seemed as if the Melbourne men were I going to have it all their own way, and con sternation was depicted on the counte nances of the southern supporters when they saw the wickets of Messrs. Coup&r;, .Slight, and Baker, the three crack batBmen of the team, fall before the deliveries of Bruce and Alexander for less than 20 runs. But Rosser and Freeman came to the rescue, and, by sterling cricket, carried the score to 1 49 before the latter had to retire 1 b w, after | making 13 in very neat style. W. H. Cooper did not trouble the scorers much, and Lawler, the pride of Ballarat, was still more unfortunate; but W. R. Robertson assisted Rosser materially in increasing the total. The remaining batsmen also did their share of the work, and by the time Minchin, the | last man, had given Vint an opportunity of I lifting the bails, which, by the way, was done very smartly, the telegraph read 10-11 154 (a much larger total than was expected in the early part of the game). Rosser played a beautiful innings for 59 without giving the ghost of a chance, and his opponents Bhowed tbeir appreciation by joining in the applause which greeted him on his retirement. Trott 16 (not out), Minchin 11, and Robertson 10, each deserve a word of praise for the manner in which they obtained their respective con tributions. Bruce, who is a Scotch College boy, secured six wickets for a capital ave rage. He clean bowled Rosser, Baker, Coupar, and Cooper, his other victims being Lawler and Robertson. He haa a very neat delivery with the left arm, and bowlB a very puzzling ball, with a break ftotn either side, and will no doubt prove a great acquisition to the ranks of the M.C.C. The fielding of the Mel bourne was quite first-class, Moule in parti cular showing wonderful dexterity at mid- off. The wicket-keeking of Vint, however, save in tiie solitary instance already spoken of, was of the most feeble character; but, as a bystander remarked, what Vint lacks in effectiveness he makes up in " side," and there certainly was a great deal of superfluous flourish about Vint's display. It should be mentioned that Alexander bowled capitally during the afternoon, and kept the runs down well, though he was not successful in obtaining wickets. Melbourne started their first innings at half-past 5. The two first re presentatives, Messrs. Dunne and Vieusseux, played very well considering the bad light; but just before 6 o'clock Dunne was bowled by Robertson, and Dickson, his successor, was soon sent to the rightabout by Fred. Baker. The stumps were then drawn, the score standing at S4 for two wickets. The Williamstown fellows left their "home by the sea " in order to administer pepper to the Jolimonters, but their venture so far does not seem likely to be successful. The East went to the wickets and ran op 222, off which Allee got 88 in something like his old form. Williamstown had lost four wickets for 9 runs when the stamps were drawn, M'Shane and Trapp being credited with 2 each, Juckea, Mackerell, Tyrrell, and M'Alles ter were the most successful bowlers for the villagers. In the second eleven match, which wm played at Williamstown, East Melbourne stopped in all day for 182, Yuille and Wade beading the list with 82 and 24 respectively. Outen and M'Donald bowled well for the local'team. Carlton had a day's leather hunting at Kew. The latter, winning the toss, went to the Wickets, and when the stumpa were drawn only jnine of them had been dislodged for 2S2 runs. The largest contributors to this total iwere Lorimer, with 73; Henty51, and Sloman 50, each of whom obtained his runs by a fcood display of batting. Richmond totted up 192 against fifteen South Melbourne juniors. Stokes played a good innings for 40, and so did dovisMainoo for89, Sanllefor28(notout), Tomer for 27, and $lair and Smart foe 14 and U respec tively- and Shepperd bowled well for the juniors, who when she stamps were drawn, had lost five wickets lor 28 zona. Mainbe, who was in great fettle after his long rest, [securing four of them at a cost of 4 coos.! The only junior who shafted at all credNably was Sutherland, and fee contri buted 18 (not out) by very fair cricket - Tfafc Sandridge first innings exosedsd that ot Brighton by 29 runs, the scores being Sand idge, 85 and 68 for two wickets; Brighton, 66. For the latter dfcrke obtained 20 sb I E. Ellin IB (not oat); wad for Send* ridge Arautrong37, G. Smail 83 (not out), and Vine 23 and IB weie the principal score v. , ' < '* ' An eleven feom tbe NailcMl Insurencs Oomianyof Aastrmlattifcwerediamisecdbr * .like i umber ot representatives ofths Colonial Mutt hi IniuxenoeGosapenrfarthe mssgrs :ftot4l jf SSj but this was jnst three timse too m*D] for the other aide, whofould set in mm that U against the bowling of Vaisn< tine Ladl^reuk ' The former secured tines ,wfok< tsuler* rm«,tbe latter fear fai l. .Cresi *2Uft4 Wslstop stater toths winnstsj [ sand! rox,wlk 4,*oofcpted a einilst position feet! ><'..*«).> .glnpoiflssitBitor Botls^dScettV Cisl fence OafWKttaM to «*eU» «r«UiihttoM "A amongst the fanfon. The Clapatefa defeat*# the Star of Groevenor lMt Saturday. and to^ day they play the final match with the Sooth : Melbourne Juniors. The ecorea in (be Otmr ? of OroBvenor match were-C&palet;* 74and 158, Star S8 arid 59.- Hodges bowled capitally for the Capuleta. A team having the title of the TfothiM"* Rovers betook tbetnselves to Keilor, *ad came home defeated by 57 rune. Roes 51, M'Whirter 19 (not out>, and J. M'Doaald 18-, were largely instrumental in' compiling the Keilor total of 95, and W. M'Kaaker and J. Sealing were the trundlers who dismissed the Hotham Rovers for 48-. A gentleman who witnessed the match inform* me that the wicket-beeping of W. Staines for Keilor was of the first order of merit. He took the very fastest bowling with the ease and dexterity of a second Blackham, and when a chance waa given it was snapped up in a marvellous manner. St. Kilda, on their own ground, defeated a mixed eleven of the M.C.C. by 22runs. The seasiderB 8cored 81, and Melbourne got 54k Jellard and Grace trundled in good form for St. Kilda, and Logan did likewise for Melbourne. The second eleven match be tween Carlton and Ke w was drawn very mnob in favour of the former, the sooree being Kew 80, Carlton 76 for two wickets. The tall scoring which has hitherto been the rule in the contests for the Holds worth Gardyne Cup at Sydney waa not maintained' in the recent match between the Warwick and University clubs. The aggregate score waa only 342, and of these the Warwicka contributed only 108 in their two inning* The University won easily by 126 runs. 