Bush Oddities. HAVE you, during your life-time, ^yc)r.seen one "ö-'whó.képB'HimBelf surrounded with mys'tery ? and ., have you ever felt a desire ' to ' unravel that mystery?"""" "'? "". "\ ? ?\ Most;ppoplo havo had a mysterious neighbour, .who rejected all advances to become acquainted, .f!f ,no. matter in what form the advances were made. "vrj Each,one of us has within a sort of "Holy of ¿njhoíies," in which he keeps safely hidden from all . bi. observation, a skeleton, which ho guards with o J itnuch greater care than ho would the great moun ds tain of light, tho " Kohinoor," were he its for .?t'' túnate possessor. But then, this skeleton has . grown with him, and is known only to himself, .(',and is so safely stowed away that he rarely thinks J'of it.' This is not the sort of mystery to which .j. I, allude. o f t There aro some foolish people who affect a (.«'.mysterious manner on purpose to attract atten uation. Of such silly downs I have nothing to .visay. And others are mysterious because they .'('Have something preying upon their minds, some '¿ i'thihgof which they are ashamed, and of which they ¡.','are continually thinking. They always seem to ¿qbe on their guard, lest a slip of the tongue betray .fchem, and lay their secret bare. Each one, car drying this burdon on his mind, seems, as he ;3 Gurneys through life, to have some ii'isfj«,'.. ' - Poul misdeeds of former times, .sv.f.i h-, , , . Wring with remorse his guilty breast j ..?.Jj-,.^,', ¡V, And ghosts of unforgiven crimes ; ' , ; Murder his rest. .' . .t^^'í vf . / . - ' . ?dov 'Amongst the latter I class Crooked Baloy,' the y éubject'of the present paper. _ , " ' fl*} When I first made his acquaintance he was a '^tall^leanygaunt, old man, with a dark complexion 4 and sharp features. He stood six feet high, in ' his sinuous form, but I am sure if all the curves '' could have been taken out of his body and bones, ¿He would have measured six feet five or six. I " do,not believe there is a figure in geometry but a .V corresponding one could havo been f ound in Riley, í His hair was closely cut, with tho exception of \- two " lone locks," which he wore in front of each ' . -/ear.' His beard Avas always a stubble ; I never "saw him clean-shaved, and am rather inclined to ^?believe that, if he did shave, it was after the 'fàshionof the aborigines, viz., with tho end of a . .firestick.. .Crooked Riley had, when I first knew him, no known place of abode, but jpicked up his living 'on; the station s in our neighbc u rhood. Ho worked .for np master, always had a pound in his pocket ; rode a good style hack, always had a dirty, blue, >:well-worn blanket in front of him ; sometimes fóne end of it would bo trailing on tho ground, f.an'd if his horae happened to tread on it, Riley 'w,ould draw it up and fasten tho loose end to the 'crupper. The age at which Riley had arrived twould havo led ono to believe that he had given up having anything to do with young horses, es pecially as all tho angles ho had about him wero jtho result of bad usage he had had from colts. .Still tho old man loved young horses,and was «'mostly mounted on one. Ho took great care of :h'is horses and, when saddling, would k¿ep up a ^continual chat, just ns a mother would to hor !baby. I have often, when camped out, seen him ,cover his horse with his own blanket and sleep by ¡the fire without any covering for himself, and rfchis, too, on cold frosty nights. He would never callow any one to seo him mount a colt, but would "lead him'away from tho station into tho bush, jor down tho steep bank of a creek or gully, and . the next time you saw Riley would bo when he was mounted and talking away to his horse, ¿aving noticed this, X determined to watch ond see him mount, and only on one occasion -was I successful. I had stayed at the station all night, and was going away in the morning, when I saw him up to his waist in water in the river getting on a very restive colt. But then^ he could not always find sufficient depth of water to impede the actions of his horse ; and how he did then will, I suppose, always remain a mystery to me. Kiley had one companion to whom he, I think, used to unburden hi3 mind, but that friend was dumb, and so not likely to tell what he heard again. With every one else the old man was distant and reserved. If you questioned him about his past he would suddenly become silent, and ever after keep you at a safe distance, just as a man would 'a snake that he was afraid to kill. The companion to whom I allude above was a yellow dog that he called " Smoker." Smoker was something like his master-he did not like to be too intimate j he would not even wag his tail when you called him by name in a caressing voice j if you offered him a piece of beef he would not eat it-possibly he thought it might be poi sonous. If Ililey gavo him a piece he would eat it, but would not acknowledge the bounty. It must have been a very wise dog, for his head was always hanging down, as if in deep medita tion. I have many times seen tho old man send his dog to bring him his horse, which was feeding near with tho bridle trailing on the ground. Smoker would quietly take the bridle in his mouth and try to load tho horse, which would possibly resist (if ho did not know Smoker) and j pull back. The dog would let the bridlo go, then ' make for the horse's heels and give him a smart nip, after which ho would catch the bridlo again. I have seen him thus engaged fer over half-an houxv, teaching tho horse to lead, and never knew him to fail. When hunting horses, if Kiley lost tho track, he would turn back to where he had started them, and send Smoker on the trail. Tho ,way that dog would travel on the scent, while on good, open, level ground, was astonish ing, but immediately the ground became broken and mountainous he would slacken his pac? to a trot and keep looking back to see if his master were following. This was Riley's constant com panion, and a more faithful one could not be found anywhere ; he could tell no tales-so the old man seemed to love him the more. In spite of all Riley's strange ways, few were made moro wolcomethan he on the stations about. He knew more of the horses on tho different runs than all the stockmen put together. If you had lost a horse, see Riley, and if he were not stolen Riley could toll you where ho was to be found. If he knew you well, and had a good opinion of you, he would sometimes spend a day or two with you and assist to get your horses. His assistance was well worth having, and many a wrinkle some of us young ones learned from him. After we had been acquainted about three years, Riley made an offer to assist me to get some horses of mine that had gone astray, and were running with the wild ones. We agreed to meet at an old sheep station on Bora Creek, a tribu tary of the Manilla River. The hut was built on tho slope.of a atony ridge facing a large black-soil fiat. An old yard, that stood bn tho flat, had beer kept in repair by chance visitors, for their own convenience. Close by the hut ran Bora Creek ; it had always a good supply of water, but was ir no part very deep, excepting at the Rocky Water hole, where tho stream flowed over a rock and fell about 20 feet into a basin it had worn at the bottom. The water in this basin was very clea] and cool, being shaded by tho high mountains It was 10 ¡or 12 feet deep, and in summer time was a very pleasant bath. The banks of the creek about here are covered Avith creen wattles which; grow to a great size, and throw a large deep shade, under which horses and cattle cami during the day. It was a beautiful, clear summer evening wher I rode down to tho old station to meet Riley. The sun had set in the valley, but was still lingering on the tops of the mountains around for half-an hour after their shadows had fallen on thc hut and its solitary inhabitants. With tho shades of evening carno silence over tho valloy, and no thing, as I rode down to the hut, gave token ol life. Old Bora Bon Bernand, the shepherd there (he delighted in calling himself three B's) had his sheep in the fold and was having a quiei smoke in the hut when I rode down. Ho informée me that ho had not seen Riley for fivo or sis weeks. " But," said Ben, "if ho promised to mool you, he will turn up to-night, sometime, as I knov lie thinks a great deal of you." I took the saddle off my horso, and hoppled him out, after having secured my coacher horses tha' I had brought with me, as decoys for the wile ones, iii tho yard. We had just sat down to toa when Riley put ii an appearance. " So, uncle," said ho, "I see you aro hero be fore me." After toa, we discussed somo " Old Tom" thal I had brought, knowing that it <vas Riley's par ticular tipple Wo then chatted until the smal hours of morning stole on us, when Old Bei brought in some dried sheepskins with tho woo on, which Riley and I divided. Next morning, at daylight, we wore all up ane after our saddle horses, which wo soon found Oki Ben had boiled the billy, so wo had breakf as and Btarteel for our day's hunting, promising t< bo back at night. I let the horses out of tho yard, and Riley rod< in tho lead to pilot tho way to whoro tho IOB horses were to be found. After wo bael gone about five miles Riley made a signal to me t< stop. So wo returned for our coachers, which w< drovo close to tho wild ones, and then let then feed quietly , up. As soon as tho wild ones sav them, they carno up to seo what tho stranger were like, when wo showed ourselves. Tho tw< lots of horses being boxed, thero was a little COD fusion for a Bhort time; then tho wild horses mado a start for off, but, whichever way tho; started they found ono of us in thoir way to turi them back. They frotted and fumed for a loni time, but finally settled down, and, as ovenin] was closing in, we determined to Btart for Bora which we reached just before dark, when we se cured the horses in the old yard. ..; We had a very successful day's hunt, and had got besides three brumbies (unbranded horses), j which arc considered the property of any one who can catch them. Thia method of catching wild horses I have always found best, preferable to running them to a yard, as, in tho latter method, I you knock your saddle-horse about, and stand a fair chanjo of crippling him ; besides, -when you come to the yard, you sometimes have great trouble in getting tho wild horses in, and often lose them after a very long chase. The night at the hut passed much thc same as the previousjonej and Kiley and I promised to have j another day out on thc morrow. Next day, while hunting round for what we could find, Riley left mc, saying ho would be back in a short time. After being absent about an hour, he returned with a bottle of square-faced gin, which he had planted in a treo about five months previously. After indulging in two or three nip3 from the bottle, wo were more inclined to talk than work. And we followed the bent of our inclinations. To wards evening Riley told mo to make for tho hut and ho would join me on the way. I clarted at once aud reached tho old hut and put my horses in the yard. But I saw no more of Riley for three months. Next morning I took my horses home and commenced to break in my three 'brum bies, two of which turned out well, and became good stock horses. The last timo I saw Riley he called at my place to swop a black horse ho had for a chestnut I had running in Bora. Tho swop was made, and I let Riley have thc black horse to ride away on his promising to return it in a few days. However, 1 never saw him or the horse again, as he sud denly disappeared from amongst us ; as his com ing had been so was his going. When ho came, no one know where he came from j what or who he waB romains a mystery. It was rumoured, that he carno from Adelaide, and had a wife and family there. When it becamo known that he had gone away it was said an old gentleman in Soiilh Australia; who had lost horses, of which Riley knew some thing, had died. He had cast the shadow or Riley's life, and as Riley felt no further fear, he had gone home to his wife, after an absence ol 25 year3. This is the manner in which they accounted, ir our neighbourhood, for Riley's reticence aboul the past. I never (and I knew Crooked Riley ai well as any man in tho district) heard a word oi this from him, and am, therefore, inclined t< think it was all mero conjecture, and that no on< was ever taken into Riley's confidence. Old Bon Ben, who was most intimate with Riley, oftei told me he did not know what to think; he coule not sum him up at all. So Riley went from amongst us, no ono know ing tho time of his going or coming, or augh else about him ; and he kept his secret to himsel to the end as far as we were concerned. 