MISCELLANEOUS. A fabt walking-stick ; Afhurrioane. A man in the write place : An editor. A pbe-amble A walk before breakfast. How to test the weight of a wall : Scale it. Song of the oyster : Keep me in my little bed. The joy of the dumb is always unspeak able. A sad dog ; One who tarries long at his whine, A good hotelkeeper is a man that one can always put up with. A sarcastic lady says the only thing which keeps Lent is her beBt umbrella. Where ought we to find the milk of human kindness? In the pale of the church. Some housekeepers are so constitutionally wasteful that the more 'flour they have the more they knead. An elderly judge is reported : rb opposed to being laid on the shelf , though he does not object to being retained on the benoh. The difference between a dog and a boy oensiBts in the fact that when the dog finds a scent he doesn't spend it for candy. The ghost in Hamlet was a waiter, for he eaid, " Remember me," A Nevada newspaper says that in the absence of all the editors of this journal, the publisher has .succeeded in securing the services of a gentleman to edit this number." If a man is never scolded by his wife, you may be perfectly sure that he is dead. Everybody is willing to take religion when he has got out of the world all it can give him. "I die content," said the fly in the baker's dough y " somebody will take me for a currant." Long, pointed finger nails are fashionable among women, but they will never be popular with married men. " Don't you remember the next word in your lesson ? It's the word aftet cheese. What comes after cheese ?" " Mouse I" triumphantly exolaimed the puzzled pupil. A gentleman having fallen into the River Exe, relating it to Sir T. A., Baid ; " You will suppose I was pretty wet ?" " Yes," said the baronet, " wet certainly in the Exetreme." A powder iB advertised by a man that is warranted to cure oats and dogs of " running about and making a noise at night." It is black, and put in a gun, and makes no noise itBelf. The boy who said that pins had saved a great many people's lives by their not swal lowing them might now say that the water has saved a great many boys' lives this season by its being too cold to bathe in. " Heaven lies about us in 'our infancy," says the poet. The inference is that as soon as we get big enough to talk we can be relied on to rely about ourselves. If we do not our enemies will lie about us. " Student" wants to know what kind of a bird was the dodo ? From the faot that the species is entirely extinct, we suppose it was the fabled spring chicken, of which we still hear so often, and see so never. A nice judge, when asked why he had allowed a totally unnecessary female witness to take the stand and testify, said : " I knew that it was not necessary, but I saw that she had a new bonnet and was striving to show it." Little Bobbie, who talks slang for the whole family, said to his father, " There are oxen Btars, am i iney, papa r lo which his father replied, " Yes, Bobbie." And then the young rascal aBked, " Are they all well fixed, papa ?" A New York lady of some wealth, but dubious personal attractions, reoently adver tised for a husband. The first applicant w£S a _ rather antiquated Hartford swell, whose indignation was great when told that he was a head and a half too short. A warrior once drew forth his sword In tbe presence of one he adword, Bat she straightway implword That it be quick restword. As his dignity greatly it lword. " Gentlemen of the jury," said a blunder ing counsel, in a suit about a lot of hogs, " there were just thirty-six in the drove. Please remember the fact- -thirty-six hogs ; just three times as many as in that jury- box, gentlemen." The counsel didn't gain his case. Said Brown, who had just returned from a visit outside between the acts : '« Oh, darling, I've had snch a fright I It almost took my breath away 1" " Mercy 1" exclaimed Mrs. B., turning her faoe away ; " I wish .it had, John." And John looked sheepish enough, as he slyly inserted a clove in his mouth. A gentleman made a rockery in front of his honse, in which he planted some beau tiful ferns, and having put up the following notice, found it more efficient and Icbb ex pensive than spring guns and man traps. The fear-inspiring inscription was, " Begga' beware ! Scolopodendriums and polydir mg are set here." One ought not to make an assertion UQies8 he is sure of his facts, and yet an inference is sometimes reasonably safe. M ww I ia old Blank dead?" .waa the .OTpriaed qnery of a man who ; eaw a femoral prooesaion go y\ ' .I .<rn' j» ow . w' the eantioua eplyt bnt I jodge ao, for-, as yon see, they are burying him." J A party of Texan waggoners, after a hard day s pull, were chatting around the camp fire while they smoked their pipes. " Sambo, bhoy , 1 exclaimed Pat, a rollicking Irishman, to a jolly darkey, " tell us what makes yer nose so flat." " Dunno, Mars Pat," answered Sam, " but I 'spec it's to keep me from pokin' into udder people1 b business." 