\- V- THE QUARANTINE .;," j, STATION. (nick _ _cr_á_tom_ftf.i POINTIKEPBAN, JAN. 13. " The appearance of the fine buildings on Point Nepean quite charmed the 205 persons who tbO£ghVit,dtfurablé to spend a few days by the aside before going on to noisy Melbourne. tCH. medical inspection of " all bands" wog very rapid,' but Doctor Bulmer was able to vick' out two hitherto unsuspected CSBCB. Soon after lunch on Friday, January li, the passengers to" be quarantined landed on the jetty from the ship's boats, which were busily employed while the Garonne remained off Point Nepean. When the first saloon people were told that they were to be housed in " No. 1 hospital they felt as if they were indeed sick-, and some even wished to be shifted to another part of the station, Each building contains four large dormitories or rooms, three of which contain each iron beds for about 25 people, the fourth wing, down stairs, being divided into double berths for. married people, with curtains shielding them from the passage. No. 1 hospital is the one nearest to the road from Portsea, and the different classes of passengers were housed in different buildings, the second class taking No. 2 hospital, and so on, so that the saloon people are quite isolated from the third and steerage, in which two classes only there has recently been any sick ncBB. One Judy fainted when BIG arrived under the verandah of the building she was to occupy,, and it was some time before she was brought round. Directly the doors were opened, the gentlemen began to carry about mattrasses for the ladies, who now occupy one of the large dormitories, as well as some of the little rooms set apart for misses when there is sickness, each building containing four little rooms. The horse and cart belonging to the station was used for drawing off the wharf the luggage of the cabin passengers, one of whom acted as john, while two or three trudged along the sandy road to stop the cart and pick up broken boxes, and articles therefrom, when necessary. At first the single gentlemen of No. 1 meant to use the lower east wing for sleeping in, but at the request of the ladies they removed their belongings upstairs as there was plenty of room, so that the room below could be used as a diningroom. This course was followed generally by the people in the other buildings. One kitchen is in use for the first two hospitals (as they are strong-' ously called at present), and a fire was soon started, but the kettles obtained after great delay were too small to supply the wants of the two buildings, and no tea was available until something like 10 o'clock at night. Two gentlemen I sought out and asked relief of the doctor, who throw the burden of neglect upon the Garonne people, who had arranged, he said, I to supply the sanitary station, with provisions. By 7 o'clock the various little ones I were clamouring for food, and one lady who had three little girls asked a person who had finished using his spirit-lamp and kettle to allow her to make something hot for her young ones, but' this good young' man,"' with characteristic caution, declined to wear, his property out to save children from thirst or hunger. The water, when pumped up by the passengers to the cisterns, was like pea-soup, and it was only rec lifted, after a few days, by some enterprising young men descending by the man holes to clean the rest of ages from the interiors of the tankS, Hunger, at last, emboldened some passengers to go as a deputation to the ship to ask for the remains of the saloon dinner, and to state that scraps would be thankfully received. At this time the people generally had lost completely the good temper displayed on all hands when they landed, and various persons came in for censure, According to the doctor, the ship was to supply everything required until the company's agents could Bend a quantity of necessities from the ship on the other hand, it was stated that they did not know until at anchor of the arrangements made. When the moon was high, in the heavens several heavily-laden boats were discerned approaching the wharf from the ship, and a general rush was made to the jetty. Alas I alas ! they contained only the third-class and steerage bedding, which should, in the opinion of many, never have been landed. At about half-past 10 some of the prisoners (as they called themselves) managed to get bad tea or coffee, without either milk or sugar. Half-a-dozen policemen were scattered about the station, some keeping the steerage people off the wharf. The attention of one of them was called to two apparently sick men who were wandering to and from the wharf and the hillböepital.wbofound.onapproachingwithin speaking distance of them, that they were two patients on the look-out for their baggage. The doctor was afterwards seen helping them ' up with their belongings. At last the Garonne's chief steward brought some bread, 'biscuits, meat, and candles, and a cut leg of 'mutton and piece of beef found their Band. way to the dining-hall of No. 1. In the eagerness of hunger some smoker's, pipe in. mouth, hovered over the viands, but they were held back until . pocket knives had been placed. at the disposal of the worn-out ladies, who, how ever, gradually brightened up under the influence of beef or mutton sandwiches. "Sweet good nights" were washed. And the ladies retired to their straw beds. In the gentlemen's dormitory a merry night was paused at least for some "The American Tramp, "In the Gloaming," "Thoneatben Chinese," and other badly appreciated ditties forming part of the evening or rather early morning's, entertainment. Occasion I ally, by the dim candlelight, a ghost-like (figure would sit up wished to request order. 