:SU N DAY-READIN G. Free Grace a Motive for Free ; Giving. A SsE3io^ ex C. H. SprisEosr (On behalf of the free Hospitals of London). *2?ow our Lord Jesus. Christ Himself, and God, eren our Father, which hath loved us, aad hath gives ss everlasting consolation and good hope throngh grace, comfort jour hearts, and stiblish yon ■jlLttST, observe that the consolations .be* J? stowed "upon believers are most free, . - because they are described as a gift. '2fow our Lord Jesus Christ Himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath \- given us everlasting consolation.* The old proverb h*ih it,' Nothing is freer than a gift.* Every blessing that we receive from. God comes as a gift. "We have purchased nothing; wha* have we to purchase it with r We hive earned nothing: what work did we ever do that could ; deserve everlasting consolation from the hand of the great Lord ? Comfort in Christ is an < absolutely free, spontaneous gift of sovereign grace, given not on account of anything we have done, or ever shall do, but because the Lord ha« a right to do as He wills with his ; own; therefore doth he select unto himself a people to whom the free gift of his ooneolation shall be- given. If thou -hast-any comfort at this time, my brothe-, it is God's gift to tbee. If thou dost triumph in God, it is God who hath given thee thy holy joy, therefore, ble?s \- - and praise Him from whom such a boon has come. ... The freeness of this gift is seen in every part of it. The consolation given us of God is very complete, but it is as manifestly .free as it is evidently perfect. 2fotice its completeness; I pray yon. It covers the past with these golden words, 'which hath loved us ;* as for the present, it is enriched with this truth, hath given us everlasting consolationand as for the future, it is glorified with this blessing, * and good hope through grace.' Hera is a triple comfort, a consolation in three words, and under each aspect it is a free favour. He ■ hath loved us'—why is this ? Come, ye wise man, pry into the ancient past, and tell me why God loved His chosen. Stand and gaze as long as you will into the Eternal mind, and say to yourself. Why did God make this choice of love ? The sole reply out of the excellent glory falls from Jesus' lips: 'Even so Father, for so it seemed good in Thy eight.' Shall not the bridegroom elect his own bride? Shall not the "King of kings dispense his favours as He wills? He hath loved us 'from before the foundation of the worlda love to ancient cannot have been born of any human cause. Eternal love is a flame enfolding itself; it borrows no fuel from without, but lives upon itself. He says, ' I have loved thee with an everlasting love, therefore with lovingkindness hare I drawn theebut wby that everlasting love we cannot tell. Beloved, by divine love the mysterious past is made to glow with the glory of God; its light is like a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear aa crystal. Once when we looked back into the past we saw the black* cess of our guilt, and the hole in the pit whence we were digged; but now we behold a silver stream of mercy flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb, and we trjck it to the eternal purpose of lore and the covenant of grace. Gaze as tou can into light ineffable, but even with tbe eye of faith all that you can discern in tbe ages which are past in this word —which has a splendour about it beyond com pare—the word is 'Love.' In eternity the Lord loved us. '>h, how free is this! How much we owe for it! The past is bright with love, with love most free. Cs for the present, 'He has given us everlasting consolation.' We have it now. Christ is His people's Christ to day: the consolation of Israel even now. The pardon of sin is ours, the perfect righteousness of Christ is ours, life in Christ is ours, union to Christ is ours, marriage to Christ is ours. . Glory with Christ shall be ours bv and by, but even now we have the earnest of it in the Spirit I which dwells within us, and shall be with us ! for ever. All this is assuredly a gift: how could it be otherwise? We could never have enjoyed tlris everlasting consolation to day if free grace and dying love had not brought it to us. Bless, then, the Giver. As for the future, what of that ? Bark lower the clouds, sad the tempest mutters from afar, and we tremble lest in the end of life, when phy sical force decays, we may be overtaken with a storm in the article of death ; but this covers all—we have' good hope through grace.' The Scriptures of truth have assured us tliat the great Shepherd will be with us in the Talley of death-shade, and that after death there is a resurrection, and that with our risen body we shall behold the fc ing in bis beauty, when He shall stand in the latter days upon the earth, and we shall in our perfect manhood dwell forever in His glory This is so good a hope that it fills all the future with music. This, too, is a gift. There is not a trace of legal claim in it; it comes not by way of reward, but of divine favour* Thus the post, the present,' thefuture are all rich' with tie Lord's own generbus~gifte,~and~ in nothing can we trace a single consolation to anything but free grace'.. lest we should mike any mistake about these consolations coming to us most freely, the apostle mentions One from whose hand ther come, froja whom nothing has eyer come in other manner hut that of manifest grace. Be mentions'our Lord Jesus Christ himssif.* Oh it charms ine to think that He should eomfort me! When Jesus Christ begins to draw near a man's soul his joy begins; but when the Lord sets Himself down steadily to console His brethren, I * warrant you it is done in hearenlr style; for he will not fail nor be discouraged." He' wi'l wash our feet if the weariness be there; He will give His bosom for a pillow ro our head if the pain be there. He hath said, *1 will make all bis bed in his sickness/ so that if the woe come from disease He will cheer us there. He will annoint our eyes with eye salve if the eyes are failiog, and bind up the broken heart if that be bleeding. Lest we fad He will put underneath us the ererlasting arms, and lest we be wounded He will spread over us the shadow of His wing. He will be all to us that He is in Himself: judge ye what that.is. His whole being: His godhead in its grandeur, His humanity in its tenderness He hath given to us. He Uyeth Himself out for us and ;be ye sure of this, He will not leave us .comfortless, He will come to us. He is 6ucli a blessed sympathiser in all grief, such a mighty helper in all distress, that if He come to our succour we may be sure that our deliverance will be accomplished. But, brethren, at the sight of our loving Lord we feel that it woald be treason to impute His benefits to any motive but that of grare. Js He not full of grace and truth ? The l»w came by Moses, cot by Jesus. His coming was not to judge and to censure; 'God sent not His Son into the world to con demn the world/ much less did He send His Son to condemn His people. Ihere will come a day of judgment, but juit now the Son of God "sits upon His throne to grant pardons, and to give grace to help in times of need: His throne is a throne of grace, and Bis sceptre is that of lore. We know that the comforts of the gospel must be graciously fr-e since they are brought to us'by Jesus Christ himself. Then the apostle solemnly adds, 'and G^d our Father/ There seems to me to be a pecu liar touch of sweetness about this It is not 'God the Father/ which note* his relation to Jesus, but our Father, which sets forth His relation to us. We love God the Father; unto the Father be glory for ever and er< but as 'our Father he cornea nearer to us, and gladdens our hearts. Sow, a father does not pay/wages to his children, his gifts to them are freely bestowed out of tbe lore of his fatherly heart. What father expects to be paid for what he do?s for his sons and daughters ? Thus we see that the everlasting consolations of the gospel, coming to us because we are the childr.-n of God, are quite free from anything which makes them a hire or a debt, and they come to us in .the freest possible manner, as spontaneous donations of our great Father, whose delight it is to give good gifts to them that ask Him. Cannot you look up, you desponding ones, at this moment, and cry, 'Our Father?' Our first hymn greatly refreshed my spirit just now, for I felt very heavy till the Holy Ghost com forted zne with it: • If in my Father's lore I share a filial part, Send down Thy Spirit, like a dove. To re>t upon my heart.' and felt that X could urge that argument, and in my inmost heart X pleaded it before the Lord: -Oh if I be iodeed Thy child, and Thou be a Father to me, then deal with me as with a son, and let me feel thy spirit resting within my bosom, that I may know myself to be Thine beyond a doubt. Oh how sweet (o feel the Spirit's witness and to cry, * Abba, Father1' Now, beloved, the spirit of adoption is never a spirit of bondage or legality; it never boasts of human merit, but its one song is 'free grsce and dying love." May our Father's free favour make your hearts to sing concerning this, and I know that this will be your strain— Behold what wondrous grace Tbe Father hatb bestowed On sinners of a mortal race. To call them sons of God! Look at the text again, and you will see how explicit Paul is upon one point. To make us see the freeness of those consolations which come to God's troubled people, he wr tes it, ' Our Lord Jesus Christ Himself, and God, even our Father, which loved us.' Divine love is the fjundation of our con solation. No everlasting consolition could have visited our hearts if the Father and the Hon had not loved us. X always feel inclined to sit down when my ministry causes me to come across the great truth of God's love to His people because it is not so much a truth to speak upon with the tongue as to enjoy in silence in the heart. I can fully understand that God should pity my misery; I can comprehend God's caring for my weakness; but I am filled witb sacred amazement when X am told that He loves me. Loves me! What can there bo in me for the Holy Ghost to love I Brother, what can there be in you that Jesus should set his heart on you ? He has mode us, and not we ourselves: does the potter fall in love with His own clay I Will He die to save a broken vessel? There were other creatures fairer f^r. Why were angels passed by ? Wonder of won ders that the Lord should love us poor nobodies, defiled with sin, with such evil tempers, and such strange natures ; ah me, with such es tranged natures, which is far worse. Tbat the I^ord our God should love us, that Christ should love us so as actually to have died for us, out-miracles all the miracles of His power. Jesus so loved us that He espoused our nature, occupied our dwelling-place, the world; took our burden of sin, earned our cross, and laid in our grave. They say that love is blind; I wilL hot say that our Bedeemer's love is of that sort, far rather will I say that it must have been won derfully quick-sighted love to have been able to perceive nnvtking lovable in us. Yet is His love the source and fountain of all our mercies. He hath loved us. Question there can be none that this is free: for lore is unpurchaeoble; if a man should give all tbe substance of. his house for love it would utterly be contemned, j Lore goes not in tbe market, it knows nothing | of price or barter j it must go forth unbribed, j nnhired, or not at all, in any case! and far more in the instance of the eternal love of the great Father and His only begoltep Son. Price and purchase for divine love ? Wherein would such an insinuation fall short of bhckest bias phemy? : . , Yet again, observe that as if the apo-tle fcarea that we should get a war from this doctrine of grace he added, 'He hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace/ gome people do not like the sound of that word' grace.' It is too CalranisticI We do not ca-e what you call it, but it is thercry best word in the Bible next to the name of God our Saviour. It is from the grace of God that all our hope begins. Man as a rebel can never earn anything but damnation through his own merits; grace must reign, or man must die. Every blessing that can evercome to condemned sinners such as we are must come because God's great love wills it to come, because 'Hoisgra cious and full of compassion.* All other roads are broken up ; grace alone bridges the chasm, and makes a way for traffic between heaven and earth Grace reigns in our spiritual comfort* and grace alone, let us glorify God for it. Everlasting consolation is not a blessing given to us as the result of our own works. This is most clear from the last part of our text, for there it is asked that the hord may comfort our heart*, not because we are established in every good word and work, but that we may be so. All the good works which adorn the Christian character are the result of God's grace, and not the cause of it. Grace is given us in order that we may serve God, not became we do serve God. To make us holy is the object of divine grace, but Grace did not wait until it found us holy, or it would never have visited us. To close this part of the subject I would remark that this is the reason why the conso lations which God gives us are everlasting. Dwell on that word 'everlasting.' Do not suffer any one to fritter away its meaning. You may saf'ly forget that there are certain folks alive who declare that everlasting has not the meaning of endless duration, for it means that or nothing. We hwe too much personal in terest involved in this word to allow it to be toned down into age-lasting or any other miserable sense. We should as soon think that the Bible means the opposite of what it seems to do as believe that everlasting means something temporary. He has given us everlasting consolation, and the reason why it is everlasting is because it is founded on tbe grace of God. If it were built upon our merits it would stand upon a foundation of ice pr mist; it would rest on a shadow buttressed by a dream; but if God loved us out of pure grace, and if Jesus Christ has given us consola tion out of pure love, and if our whole com fort rests upon the sovereign grace of God in Christ Jesus, then there is no reason why it should ever pass away, unless God's grace can evaporate, which cannot be, since God changeth not, bat must be for evermore the same. Our lord Jesus changeth not, for He is the ' same yesterday, to-daj, and for erer.' Ah, you high-flyers, who derive a lofty comfort from your feelings, your happy sensations, your holy works, and your belief that sin is dead in you, fly away as much as you can, you wiU be brought down one of these days. Like Icarus, > in the Grecian fable, who flew so high that he melted the wax of his wings and fell, so will it be with all who venture aloft on wings of self-confidence. He who lies humbly at God's feet, conscious of his sin, and mourning over it, and resting for everything upon sovereign grace and free mercy in Christ Jesus, he may keep where he is with safety,"for his hope shall never fail him. Let the Lord be magnified for this. He is our rock, and there is no unfaith fulness in him, and he that resteth in Him shall not be ashamed or confounded, world without end. {To le continued.) * What is the meaning,' a«ked a solemn c prig of a mis. hisvons boy.4 What is the mea log of the proverb, 41 Never look a gift horse tbe month f'*' The boy instantly replied: 1 suppose it means thesamsae 14 never look gift horse cbeftnnt in the worm hole/'' 