WIT AND HUMOR. CONJUGAL AMENITIES.—He : " My darling, I really believe my rheumatisms have wholly disappeared." She—" Oh, I am so sorry J Now we shall never know when the weather is going to change." " MAJOR, I see two cocktails carried to your room every morning, as if you had someone to drink with." " Yes, Sir, one cocktail makes me feel like another man ; and, of course, I am hound to treat the other man." FOND parent (in tears)—"Angelina, my love, I cave terrible news. Edwin" Daughter—" Speak quickly ! My love, my promised husband" Fond parent—" Is a gambler!" Daughter—" Oh, pa, is be lucky ?'' THEOLOGICAL REFLECTION.—" Yes, sah," said Brudder Jobnsing. " Et dc descendants of de rooster what crowd at Peter was to make a noise ebery time a lie is told, der would be such a noise in de world dat yer couldn't heah de hens cackle." "How are you getting along," aBked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost—"Very well indeed ; much better than during my twenty years of married life on earth. Widow (delightedly)—" Then you are in heaven?" Ghost—" Oh ! no." AFTER the circus is over, after the wild beast show is done—First son of toil (ecstatically) —" That was a bully show. Did you see the lion-tamer, hey V Second son of toil— " Didn't II I tell you, it takes him to boss a lion. Why, he just knocked that old lioness about as if she had been his wife." " YOD can't add different things together," said an Austin school teacher. " If you add a sheep and a cow together, it does not make two sheep or two cows." A little boy the son of a Texas milkman, held up his hand and said " That may do with sheep and cows, but if you add a quart of water its makes two quarts of milk. I've seen it tried." THE ESTEEMED CORRESPONDENT.—" Do you know me T' asked the tall man, resting bis fists on the managing editor's desk) and ;rinning a grin of superiority. " I reckon you on't know who I am!" "Who are you?" asked the editor, savagely. " Well, I thought you didn't know me!" exclaimed the tall man, delightedly. " Now I'm goiDg to tell you who I am. Look out, now ! The infor- mation is coming ? I'm ' Anxious Inquirer,' who writes puzzles for the paper ? Got mo now ? Begin to identify me ? I'm the * Anxious Inquirer'—that's me !" "Are you the mau who always wants to know whither we are drifting, and when the Democratic party is going to make its organization impregnable by widening Roerum-place ? Are you that man ?" " Yes, yes J" roared the tall man, with a chuckle, "and wants to know whether it's healthier to sleep on goose or tail feathers ; and why the President doesn't assert himself by breaking down the Opposition faction, and whether the moon is the direct offspring of the earth or the sun. That's me I I'm that man ! You've read my articles ?" " Well, I should remark," replied the editor; "especially that one which demanded whether the Common Couucil could sink knavery long enough to connect your house with the sewer, and another about the duty of tbe hour as compared with the lesson of the times. I remember them," and the manager rose to his feet. " That's it I Those are mine!" squealed the tall man. ^ "And that was mine about the rock on which the Republican party was bound to split, uuless the leaders changed their course in time to avoid tbe dangers that threatened them. You remember that one? It was a scorcher!" "Not a patch to the one on the doom of our educational Rystem, if the school board failed to build a new pine fence round No. 19," said the editor, gradually edging round the table. " And it didn't come anywhete near the one on the production of whisky in. the West as compared with the prohibitory tendency of the E a s t " I declare ! You remember those ? I'd almost forgotten them," and the tall man's eyes danced in his head. " But do you recollect the discussion between me and * Constant Header,' that ran along for two months, on the advantages of rye straw over wheat straw in drinking lemonade? Didn't I lay him out ? Did you ever 6ee a man so badly licked since you left school ?" "It was terrible," assented the managing editor, leaning down and fumbling behind the door; " but I liked the controversy between you and 'Pro Bono Publico' best, on the subject of opening the parks to goats between 7 and 9 a.m." " Wasn't that good 1 Wasn't it ? Wasn't that the choicest discussion your ever printed 1 And you remember that ' Veritas' came in, and how I wiped him ! I tell you, sir, those things take a !" Bang ! and down came an Indian club on his skull. " Don't know you, don't I!'' yelled the managing editor, as the club rose and fell with miraculous celerity and precision. "Oh, maybe I don't! You and your spelling and punctuation and chirography as bald as a bat! Don't I!" And when they Bwept out the splinters of the club, and took the chronic correspondent to the drug store, the managing editor went out to the forme and made up two columns of "AmiouB Inquiries," ranging from the price of ostrich milk to the name of the dentist who filed Solomon's teeth.— Brooklyn ? Printed and Published by the Proprietor, GEORGE Colony of New South Wales. THE FLIES.—Albury during the past week haB been visited with a plague of flies more serious than has been experienced for many ears past. Some of the cab horses, we notice. ave been provided with muslin veils to keep off the enemy. THE RABBITS.—We understand that the rabbit pest has put in an appearance on Goree station, in the Yanko district. No pains have, however, been spared to eradicate them, and there is good reapon to hope that the efforts have been successful. THE GENERAL ELECTIONS.—Mr. Lyne and Mr. Levin elsewhere announce their intention to stand for the Hume. Mr. George Day intimates that he is a candidate for Albury. The aiTangements for the election will be found in another column. OPERETTA.—The operetta of "The Flower Queen " was given last night at the Prince of Wales Hall, Wodonga. Mrs. Anstey acted as musical directress, Mr. O'Brien as conductor. Owing to the early hour at which we have to go to press, we are unable to give a report of the performance. A GOOD HAUL.—Our Booligal correspondent, writing on the 12th insL, says:—" The numbers of scalps delivered and ready for delivery in this district, and which have been procured between 1st April and 31st October, 1882, are as follows:—Marsupials, 4600 ; rabbits, 1756 ; wild dogs, 40." FOUND DROWNED.—A man whose name is unknown was found drowned in Mr. S. fowler's sheepwash, a few miles from Gerinanton, on Sunday last. There were no marks of violence on the body, which presented the appearance of having been in the water for over a fortnight. A magisterial inquiry was held in the early part of the week. GERMANTON WOOL.—In our last issue we quoted from R. Goldsbrough and Co.'s sale of the previous Wednesday of several clips in this district, but omitted that of Kinross, which was sold under the brand of AR over K, and realised 12§d. That quoted by us as "A. Ross, llfd./' was from Ross Bros.' Argoon station, Yanko. ^ AUCTIONEERS' LICENSES.—The annual sitting of magistrates to consider applications lor auctioneers' licenses will be held on Tuesday next, the 28th inst. The following is the list of applicants :—S. C. Y. North, T. D. Henderson, T, Jenner, C. L. Griffith, S. T, Gray, A. Haberecht, W. G. King, W. C. Steel, L. Solomon, C. Smith, and C. Ten Brink. DEATH AT THE HOSPITAL.—A young halfcaste Chinaman named George Tze Hing died at the Albury Hospital a few days ago, from congestion of the lungs. He had been employed in the capacity of cook at the Australian Hotel, but was also in the habit of acting as Chinese interpreter at the local courts whenever the services of such a functionary were required. BORDER CITY BAND.—The following programme will be played by the Border City Brass Band on the night of the 25th November, viz.:—Quick march, " The Starlit Dell;" polka, " Summer Flowersquick march, " Brannigan's Band;" waltz, " May Flowers quadrilles, " Mistletoe j" mazurka, " Myrtha quick march, " In the Gloaminggalop, " The Rosy Cross" God Save the Queen." A SMASH IN DEAN-STREET.—A heavilyladen wool waggon, on the way from Doodle Cooma to Wodonga, came to grief in the middle of the town on Monday last, at 1 o'clock. Just at the corner of Dean and Townsend streets the tyre of the off hind wheel came off, and the wheel at once going to pieces, the waggon capsized. For some time the wreck blockaded the greater part of the roadway. MITTA MITTA MAILS.—The following tenders have been accepted :—Conveyance of mails to and from Tallangatta and Noorongong, once a week, from 1st November, 1882, to 30th June, 1883, at the rate of £23 10s. per annum—R. Hibberson ; conveyance of mails to and from Tallangatta and Tallaugatta Valley (Sinclair's), once a week, from 17th September, 1882, to 30th June, 1883, at the rate of £35 per annum—James Wilkinson. TATTERSALL'S CONSULTATION.—The first prize in the large consultation was won by seven residents of Yass, New South Wales, who upon receiving the cheque bad the band parading the town. The second prize stayed in Sydney, and the third went to a resident of Walgett. The first prize in the £2000 went to a hotelkeeper at Adamstown, near Newcastle ; the second to a resident of Bathurst; and the third to a resident of Pitt-street, Sydney. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—One merino ram from Victoria for Alexander and Co., Rotherfield ; 5500 merino ewes from Tabletop to Egan Creek—William Love, owner; COO merino rams from Round Hill to Dandaloo, Bogan River—W. J. Lyne, owner ; 400 merino ewes from the Billabong to Brookong—P. Mabedy, owner; 5000 merino ewes from Round Hill to Forbes—Reginald Dowling, owner; 300 ewes i from Gerinanton to Victoria ; 1200 store bullocks from the Namoi to Mount Bittery, Victoria ; 1000 store bullocks from Queensland to Gippsland—James Tyson, owner. THE BRANCH RAILWAYS.—The course recommended by the Government engineer for the rail war towards Corowa is briefly as follows:—From Gerogery by the northern end of the Brown Springs ranges, to a point between Ebenezer and Bethel; thence to Major's Creek, passing near Carnsdale, and so on towards Corowa. The line suggested from Culcaim to Tumbarumba goes from Culcairn to the Billabong, crossing that creek near Carabobla, thence to Germanton, and via Germanton to Tumbarumba. We may add, however that the Tumbarumba line is not likely to be constructed. THE ESCAPE PROM GAOL.—Up to yesterday no tidings had come to hand of the escaped prisoner Harland. He is supposed to be in Victoria, and to have been identical with the man who recentlv stuck up the hut ot seme roadmen on the Upper Murray, but no trace has been found since the date of the robbery referred to. The investigation at the Albury Gaol in connection with the escape was conducted by the Comptroller of Prisons last week. The precise result has not been made known, but it is understood that some of the officials have been censured, and that fault has been found with the position of the watch-towers. MINING SELECTIONS.—The following is a copy of a memo addressed by the TJader- Secretary for Lands to the Crown Lands agent at Newcastle, instructing him to accept applica- tions for conditional purchases not made in person:—" In case of doubt on the part of the land agent, Newcastle, as to legality of accepting applications for mining conditional purchases from an agent, instead of from the applicant in person, he is hereby informed that it. has been held that miuing conditional parchases may be made by agents for the actual purchaser. He will therefore accept any such applications which may be tendered to him by agents.—W. W. STEPHEN." SHEEP DIRECTORS' MEETING.—At a meeting of the Albury board of sheep directors on Wednesday, Mr. C. H. Douglas occupied the chair. The Inspector reported that the earmarking system was in a state of confusion from owners marking on the wrong ears, and using marks other than those appearing in the register as allotted to them. It was decided to summon all offenders. The Inspector reported that there was no disease in the district except a few mild cases of pleuro. It was decided, in view of the large increase of work, to raise the Inspector's salary to £350. It was also decided to renew the effort to obtain a ass to Yerong Creek on the railway for the ?nspector. WOOL CROSSINGS FOR WEEK ENDING 22ND NOVEMBER.—Carabobala 62 bales, Gihson 19, Lyne 1912, Round Hill 88, WJB 5, M'Guire 26, M. Bros 14, Ross 11, G in circle 31, WB 11, J. Lloyd 6, HC 24, Tootal 41, Mittagong 39, Mate 188, G. Adams 3, OD 22, J. Cox 37, RJ 15, M. Jones 6, King 124, LMB in triangle 22, S-j-B 45, Westby 73, Woomargama 61, MK 6, ATM 28, O+C 36, N3 11, GPM 1, JK 9, Patterson 46, Purtell 32. B. Flynn 33, AC 2, FK conjoined 47, WB 18, AC 15, Moorwatha 16, Vile 24, MZ 1, Doodle Cooma 101, Yarra Yarra 60, Carey 23, Bell 18, RHB over 2 6, Benambra 24, Loeman 6, JRM 5, JCG 1, JGB 1, JGM 1, C in triangle 1, JG 1, Stoney Park 1, FWH 9. THE WEATHER.—On Friday and Saturday 1 last the weather was exceptionally hot for the time of year. On Sunday there were signs of a change during the afternoon, and towards evening a thunderstorm passed over the town, a few slight showers falling. A few miles from town the fall was heavier. On Monday night another thunderstorm took place, and some good hearv showers came down, the rain continuing at intervals throughout the night. On Tuesday morning the gauge showed a total of nine points. On Tuesday afternoon some heavy showers came down, and steady rain continued almost without intermission till 9 a.m. on Wednesday, when the total fall registered for the previous twenty-four hours was l*13in. Showers continued on Wednesday. The total fall for the week was 1.55in. PASTURES AND STOCK PROTECTIGN ACT.— At a meeting of the board of directors on Wednesday, after the usual routine preliminaries, the Inspector's report showed that kangaroos were decreasing. A petition was read from Walla Walla praying that a bonus be paid for scalps of paddy melons and kangaroo rats. It was decided to inform the petitioners that the Act fixed a rate for paddyinelons but not for kangaroo rats. A letter was read from Mr. Ellis complaining of kangaroos being numerous on a reserve at Brockle6by, and asking that Mr. Cogle be caused to destroy the kangaroos on West Burrumbuttock, The society was instructed to inform Mr. Ellis that formal notice had been given, and that the Inspector would visit the reserve. The Inspector's report showed that there were no traces of rabbits at Burrumbuttock and Brown's Springs. ANOTHER ACCIDENT AT THE RAILWAY WORKS.—Another accident occurred at the railworks on Tuesday last, about midday. It appears that blasting operations were going on as usual, but that one of the shots had been drilled in harder ground than that hitherto met with. The consequence of this was that Bome of the pieces of rock were thrown a much greater distance than is customary, and struck several persons who were on the works. One man, named Jeremiah Myhony, sustained a compound, comminuted fracture of the leg. Portions of the bone of the leg protruded through the skin. Another man received a severe gash on the head and several nasty bruises. A lad named Oliver also received a slight wound in the back. He was taken to the hospital, where on examination it was found that his wounds were not of a serious character. Myhony and the other man are under the care of Dr. Duncan. IMPORTANT TO JURORS.—The annual court for the revision of the jury list will be held on Tuesday, 5th December, and all persons interested in the matter will do well to bear the date in mind. At almost every sitting of the Quarter Sessions or Circuit Court, certain jurors who are summoned claim to be excused on account of old age, infirmity, or other reasons. Such persons ought to make it their business to get their names struck off the jury list, which can only be done at the annual revision court; and neglect in this respect is likely to render any defaulter liable to a fine for non-attendance. Another grievance is continually cropping up with regard to mileage fees. Jurors frequently complain that the payment they receive for travelling expenses is not fairly proportioned to the distances they have to travel. This also is a point which can only be settled at the revision court. Every j UTor on the list should therefore be at the paio6 to examine the roll and see that the distance of his abode from Albury is correctly stated, and in the event of any error appearing, appeal against it. A DIAMOND DRILL FOR ALBURY.—It has been suggested that a company should be formed for the purpose of testing the deep ground in the neighborhood of Albury with a diamond drill. It is pointed out that very handsome leturns have been obtained from several quartz reef within a few miles of the town, end that though the reefs giving these returns have nppparently run out, there is no reason for assuming that they could not be found again if they were sought for. In support of this argument it may be mentioned that there is no shaft in the locality over 120 feet in depth, and that in only one or two claims has anything like even this depth been attained. At the Black Range, many years ago, some quartz ot extraordinary richness was struck, but when it suddenly gave out no attempt was made to prospect the ground to any extent worth speaking of. In the same neighborhood several claims are now working, and giving fairly payable returns ; and where so much gold has been got so near the surface, it appears probable that a systematic prospecting at greater depth would lead to the discovery of payable stone. THREATENING LANGUAGE.—R. C. Thomson was summoned on Tuesday last for using threatening language to Lewis Solomon. Plaintiff deposed that on 16th November he sold by auction certain goods in a house occupied by Mr. James Mitchell, but owned by defendant's son ; delivery ot the goods not having been given plaintiff locked up the house; defendant then came and asked for the keys; witness declined to give up the keys ; subsequently defendant and Ryan came to witness for the keys; Thomson said he would not allow a thing to be removed from the house ; witness told Ryan he would give him the keys if he held himself responsible, and Thomson then made use of the threat complained of—" I will smash your brains in and put my fist through your head." T. Ryan corroborated the evidence of plaintiff as to the threat. For the defence, R. C. Thomson deposed that in reply to a question from Solomon—" What could you do —he had replied, " You are verv provoking. I could smash your brains," &c.; these words were spoken in the shop, not in the street. The case was dismissed, without costs. THE COKOWA BRIDGE.—According to Mr. T. H. Merrett, of the Public Works Department in Victoria, the Corowa bridge is in anything but a safe condition. Mr. Merxett says : —" Should it be determined to erect a timber bridge somewhat similar to that over the Murray at Wargunyah, special precautions must be taken to insure stability and strength of the piers and abutments. From my survey the condition of this bridge during the last few days, I find there is a large proportion of the original timber, especially the sawn ami adzed stuff, appareutly as sound as the day it was put in position ; but, from information giveu to me, I find that the original timber put in the arches failed years ago, and has been replaccl by a different description of timber j but, worst of all, from a personal test of the effect of heavy loads passing on the bridge, I am led to believe that the piles of the piers and abutmeuts are seriously affected at their lower ends. The piles of the planked approach (Corowa side) are rotten, especially near the ground ; while the red-gum sawn planking attached to them to turn the slack flood water of the river on the side of the Murray appears as perfect almost as on the day when fixed." MAIL SERVICES.—Tenders have been accepted as follows:—Cootamundra andTarcutta, TaTcuttaaud Germanton, Little Billabong and Tumbarumba, Tumbarumba and Bowna, Culcaim and Oermanton, Germanton and Albury —Cobb and Co ; Jereelderie, Murray Hut, and Tocumwal—Henry Smith, horseback, three years, once a week for £80 per annum, or twice a week tor £100 per annum, as may be required; Morven and Cookardinia, three times a week—Arthur T. Medcalf, horseback or 1-horse bugjy, if required, 3 years, £70 per annum ; Germanton and Yarrara, twice a week—James Crichton, horseback, three years, £60 per annum; Germanton, Woomargama, Mullengmdra, Bowna, Thurgoona,andAlbury, six times a week—Cobb and Co.; Albury, Bungowannah, Howlong, and Corowa, twice a week—William Spears, coach or buggy, 3 years, £170 per annum; Corowa, Mulwala, and Tocumwal, twice a week, Henry Maccabe, 1 or 2-borse bug^y or coach, 3 years, £190 per annum; Tocumwal and Deniliquin, twice a week—Henry Maccabe, 1 or 2-horse buggy or coach, 3 years, £200 per annum ; Corowa and Wahguoyah, twelve times a week—William Thompson, l-horse cab, 3 years, £26 per annum; Mahonga and Urangeline, once a week—Stephen Ryan, horseback, 3 years, £53 per Annum ; Goombargana and Carnsdale, once a week—Richard Kenna, 3 years, £20 per annum. To CORRESPONDENTS.—" R.S."—Such an automaton was made by a Hungarian named Kempelon or Kempelen. It contained a reed or glottis, an air- chest with valves, bellows for lungs, a mouth, and jaws, and nostrils. It is said to have pronounced most letters perfectly, and even to have given words and sentences with distinct articulation. " Inquirer."— Boccaccio was an Italian writer ot the 14th ceatury. As nearly as we can remember he died about 500 years ago. " Civis."—The allied armies under Lord Raglan and Marshal St. Arnaud landed in the Crimea in September, 1854\. The battle of Inkermann occurred some two months later. In January, 1856, Russia accepted the terms of peace proposed by Austria, with the consent of the Allies. On March 3rd hostilities were suspended between the armies in the Crimea, and on 30th the treaty of peace wa* signed, though peace was not formally declared in England till some weeks later. " Saltbush."—Your tank contains 1782 cubic yards. " Poultry- fancier." —Every breeder has his own ideas as to the best breed to keep. See articles recently published in this journal on the subject. A good deal, of course, depends on whether you desire heavy fowls for the table, or merely an abundance of eggs. " Under ami Over."— There arc 36 chances upon two dice. It is an even chance that you throw 8 ; it is 35 to agaiDSt any particular doublets, and 6 to against throwing doublets at all. It is 17 to 1 against throwing any two desired numbers. PRESBYTERIAN.—Some time ago a movement was set on foot in the Germanton district by the ladies oi the Presbyterian congregation to provide a buggy for the use of the Rev. Mr. Walker, whose district is so large as to necessitate a good deal of travelling, which it was thought could more comfortab'y be performed in a buggy. Mrs. Ross and Mrs. M'Laurin, who were the chief promoters of the movement, found their efforts very warmly seconded by the congregation in all parts of Mr. Walker's district, and sufficient money was soon raised to carry the project into effect. A handsome hooded buggy was purchased, with a nice set of harness, and the gift was presented to Mr. Walker after the morning service on Sunday, the 5th instant. The presentation was made by Mr. J. M'Laurin, of Yarra Yarra, at the request of the ladies in charge of the movement. Mr. M'Laurin, in the course of a brief speech, referred in laudatory terms to tbe zeal and energy of Mr. Walker, and to bis evidently warm desire to promote the spiritual welfare of his people. The present gift was a roof of recognition and appreciation of that Sesire on the part of the congregation, who earnestly hoped that he might long be spared to minister to them. Mr. M'Laurin then, at the request of Mrs. Ross, of Kinross, presented Mr. Walker with a handsome pair of buggy horses, thus completing a very creditable turnout. Mr. Walker expressed his thanks in a very effective address, in which he said be had met with nothing but kindness and affection throughout the whole district ever since his arrival amongst them. This additional act of kindness would only further encourage him to labor to the utmost of his strength and ability. In connection with the above, we may add that the committee of the Germanton Presbyterian Church have accepted the tender of Mr. Frederick Turnrock, of Young, for the buildiug of a manse for the sum of £1115 10s. The work will be commenced forthwith. Mr. G. Scrivener has been elected a member of committee in the place of Mr. A Ross, sen., deceased. PIANO.—Mr. Lindner, tuner, is now in Albury. EXCHANGE THEATRE.—Miss Carry Nelson will give her popular dramatic entertainment "Patience" on Tuesday and Wednesday night. SALE OF PROPERTI AT HOWLONG.—At the sale of tbe late Mr. Herlihy's "Violet Bank " property the land was bought in, tbe biddings not reaching the reserve. The horses averaged £7 10, cattle £6 10s. WAXWORKS EXHIBITION.—An interesting exhibition is now open at the Exchange Theatre, some of the figure?, notably the Kelly group, being very cleverly executed. The exhibition will remain open till Monday. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this is*ue :— Black horse lost; chesnut mare lost; Crown land sale 13th December; partnership Scrivener, Wood, and Co. dissolved ; cottage to let St. Kilda ; W. H. Easjterby, stock agent and produce buyer ; G. P. Masterman and Co., drapers, Kiewa-street; racing, &c.;, at Cookardinia on Boxing Day ; P. Dunn, Mulwala, requests settlement of all accounts ; Dr. Ryan attends to Dr. Kennedy's practice ; Combermere Lodge meeting on Tuesday; Margaret Osmond applies for renewal of license; Mr. J. G. Dougbarty sells horses at Wodonga on 4th December; Messrs. Steel and King sell furniture to-morrow; Urana Boxing Day Races ; Towong Annual Races ; Gas Company invite tenders for works ; meeting Gas Company on 20th ; Messrs. Piggin sell fat stock on 2nd December; pony lost; Land League meeting on 29th ; following apply for publicans' licenses :—E. Jewell, George Taylor, H. Sullivan, M. Cronin ; Messrs. Gray and Co., sell Hurdle Creek estate and stock on 7th December ; Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co., sell fat stock on Wednesday, and store stock on 6th December; LO.O.F sports, £25 handicap ; meeting of Hume Farmers' Union on 2nd December. 