THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Experiences of as Edinburgh Detective. BY. JAMES McGOVAK. IPubUVhed by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Third Series.— No. XXIX. KILLED OK THE RAILWAY DAMAGES £500. Down in the Pleasance there used to be a rather pretentious shop, bearing above the door the words 'M. Ford, Provision Mer chant.' There was in this shop a curious mixture of goods, cans of nulk and baskets of cabbages being ranged beside ironmongery, goods and joiner M'ork, and these, again, being flanked by hams, tea boxes, sugar .drawers, and the ordinary stock of a grocer proper, xne secret oi au was cuai j»r. George Ford, the. nominal tenant, and his wife, oelongedto that curious class who. live by owing everybody and paying as few as possible. ' M. Ford' might mean either of them, as many a traveller eager for orders discovered to his cost. When travellers called they generally got an order from Ford himself, but when t.»n*- for payment arrived they were generally told by Mrs. Ford that anything in the place belonged to her, to prevent any inconvenience in case of Ford becoming bankrupt j and that she ,: would be . responsible only for what she herself ordered. - Many thus nipped were forced to grin, and bear it, but at last one man became furious, and declared that' if he could not get »»£ ™9'*y or the goods back be wouldliave it - out o£ Ford's skin by clapping him in'gabL' lt_!waVseldom fcueh threlats'came to anything, ' bift the summons was duly served, and decree obtained in absence, and as it chanced that some other creditors at that time were equally .troublesome, Ford was reluctantly compelled to decide that he needed 'a change of air.' He had some friends in Glasgow, and in that direction ;lie vanished by the first train- one morning in August. Not two hours later a. sheriff officer appeared, bearing with him power to arrest the body of the lazy joiner at the shop, and with an ingratiating smile on his bloated face affectiqnateJLy enquired for Mr. Ford, fully expecting that that easy going gentleman would be still in bed. ' He's no in,' said the wife, guessing the errand perfectly. ? . ' I'll wait or he comes back, then.' said the man, after making sure that the woman had spoken the truth. ' You'll wait awhile, then,*' coolly retorted Mrs. Ford. ' He's away to the country for his health.' . 'And when will he be back?' asked the messenger, in evident dismay. ** As soon as Maister Paton recalls the law process he's ta'en oot against him.' sliarply answered the wife. '? If he ?wants the money paid, he's taking a bad. way to get it, by chasing him away into the country, where he canna get working at his tirade as a joiner, as he could do here, instead of paying dear lodgings and no doing a hand's turn.' ' My wuman, ye needna' tell me a' that,' coolly replied the officer. ' Fra no-his credi tor, and am only daeing my wark. - I'll jist ? hae to wait till he comes back, or get a war rant to gang after him if Maister Paton will stand the. expense, which is only aboot four pence a mile.' ' ' . ' Ay, ye'U be clever if y/Mi get haud o' him,' tartly remarked the-wife. 'I've catched cleverly,' significantly an swered, the officer, and so they parted. Whilst they were thus arranging and re torting, and almost defying each other, a cir cumstance which could have been anticipated by none of them was happening on the rail way, a thing which throws the most elabo rate plans aside in the twinkling of an eye^ I mean a railway accident. The train carry ing George Ford's valued frame left, the 'line! through the snapping of a rail at a sharp curve. Carriages went crashinginto carriages, ard, after trying to stand on end, toppled over in one pelhnell heap, and went tumbling to the bottom of the slope, and in that awful heap many were crushed out of the world in a moment. As soon as help was got, and the wreck cleared away, the injured assisted to the nearest shelter, andthe dead laid out for identification, it was found, that nearly all thus laid out were claimed promptly by sur vivors or friends, who began to arrive from, all parts. Among the exceptions was one poor mangled frame, which, so far as could be conjectured, had belonged to a working man of about thirty, with sandy-colored hair. The body was clad in a good suit of dark tweeds, and in the pockets were found a tobacco box and pipe, a pocket-knife; spme money, a joiner's pencil, and a foot-rule. A full account of this accident was given in the next morning's papers, and in these it was stated that all the dead had been claimed or identified but the body here mentioned. Mrs. Ford was too busy a woman, as every one knew, to trouble much with newspapers ; so when some one incidently enquired for Mr. Ford, while getting her milk and provisions, his wife merely remarked that ' it was owre sune to hear f rae him, but she was expecting a letter frae him the morn.' 'I didna ken he was awa,'r said the neighbor, which was not the truth, as the news of Ford's escape had spread over the whole street. ' Oh, j-es ; he went awa' by the first train for Glasgow yesterday morning.' 'Yesterday nioming? Glasgow?' gasped the neighbor, in dawningalarm. 'Surely no one in that train on the Glasgow line that, was smashed up. and sae mony killed ?T3 . .. 'Smashed up? Ye dinna mean . to say there's been an accident,' screamed Jttrs. Ford, dropping the milk jug smash on the floor, and beginning to work up a hysterical flood of tears. 'An accident! I should think -there has been, and everybody's speaking aboot it,' re joined the neighbor, ' and somebody tell't me there was a man no -claimed, a joiner, aboot . thirty, wi' sandy hair.' 'My man! My Geordie! killed— deid!' screamed Mrs. Ford, and then she dropped in a heap .among the cabbages ^behind her, screaming so lustily, and tearing her hair and clothes so furiously, that even the kindly neighbors who rushed in to help her declared that she was either in a very severe hysterical fit or temporarily insane witligrief. In this state Mrs. Ford continued -for sometime, but when she -was sufficiently recovered' to beable to listen to. a suggestion it was proposed by one ©f the sympathising . neighbors that before rushing to a conclusion, she should rather telegraph to the place her husband had intended to visit, and ascertain if he had not arrived. This was eagerly agreed to, but In a few hours came the -intelligence that ' *' George Fom Bad not arrived or Been seen' atthe.plaee;' ???-,*,„ ? '. . . .--. ::?. - . 'I'kentit,' tearfully. exclaiined-the grief stricken woman, 'something tell't me he was deid the meenit I- -heard o' the accident.' She could not muster courage to go to the scene of the accident and loek on the pulpy: , remains, but sent -a friend, and. this man, having his mind predisposed to a particular verdict, declared with little hesitation that the body was that of Ford. The next day he ?went t-ac& to tne spot, conducting tnc now disconsolate widow, and the moment slie saw the bundleshe again made a noisy demonstra tion of sorrow, wildly imploring the by standers ;' to 'kill her' too, that.' the grave might receive themjjoth.' The tobacco-box and pipe and foot-rule were identified at a glance, Mrs. Ford pointing out several marks and scratches, ami detailing minutely how and when they were, done, and ended by re- . questitg the railway authorities to convey the body to Edinburgh that it might be buried beside his friends. This was done, and no charge made for the conveying, and in a few days there was a showy funeral from Mrs. Ford's shop, and thereafter the widow was seen going about in mournings so deep that little but crape was to be seen on her from head to foot. This would have been a trifle, and only natural, but the very day after the f uneral, and with indecent haste, as many thought, the bereaved woman consulted' a lawyer, and instructedhimtoraiseanactionagainsttherail way company for £500 damages or solatium for the loss of her husband. Several such actions were expected, but Mrs. Ford had 'been the first to lodge a' claim, and the agent for the company, though anxious for a settlement, thought the sum asked exorbitant — in 'other words, he plainly gave his opinion that Ford had never shown himself worth five hundred pounds, and that, far from raising an action for damages, the widow ought to have been thankful for being relieved of a lazy loafer and drinker. Had Mrs/Ford been willing to take half of the sum it is not unlikely that the matter would have been settled privately, rather than bring the expenses of an action . on the company, more especially when those of both sides would probably fall, to be' paid by them. ' ? ? But if Mrs. Ford could show indecent haste there were others who were just as reckless of public opinion, and it -is on this fact that the chief interest of this sketch hangs. A day or two after the claim had been lodged Mrs. Ford was sitting in her humble home at the back of the shop, after business ? had been finished for the day, consoling her self for her deep mournings and widow's cap with a tumbler of toddy, when she was startled by a gentle knock at the door — that is, the door of the house, which was entered by a common stair next to the shop. Very swiftly she put the tumbler out of sight, and. . clapped.a peppermint lozengeinto her mouth, looking as scared as if she expected a ghost to be standing in the entry when she opened thedcor. ? - ...... The hour was half-past 10 at night, and none of her friends were in ' the habit of making calls at such a late hour, so it was with some concern that she went to the door and faintly demanded ' Who was there.' ' It's me, Maggie,' was the confidential reply, and then, as if not quite sure that he had made his identity sufficiently clear, the stranger added, *' It's me — Jainie'Paterson.'' ' Oh, is that all ?** and quite .a relieved ex pression came to her face as she slowly opened the door, and then rather coolly kept it enly half -open, saying, ' Well, Jamie, what do you want ':'.' . The. man Paterson, it may be explained, was adetter-carrier.in the district, who had at one time 'been -a sweetheart of the new made widow. He was now smiling most graciously, and retaining her hand inhis own with a significance which only the most densely-stupid could have misunderstood. 'I would have come . earlier,' he . rather blankly answered, as the widow repeated her question, ' but I had a heavy delivery, and, besides, I thought that you wouldn't care for auy one to tec me coining about you so scon.' ' How coming about me?' stolidly asked the widow with tantalising dulness. ' Is it a letter you've brought me V' 'No, no ; I wanted to— to — speak to you — that's all,' he confusedly returned. ' I won't keep you a minute, but don't want to say it here for fear of listeners.' Something in his glance — more as if he com manded the favor than asked it— induced her to relax a little. She opened the door rather ungraciously, admitted him, closed and locked the door, and directed him to a seat by the fire — the same which had been occupied by her husband on those rare evenings which he spent at his own fireside. ' You'reawf ul stiff and distant, Maggie,' re marked the letter-carrier as soon as he was seated. 'I thought you would have been glad to.see me.' '. ' ' My name is not Maggie to you, but Mrs. . Ford,'* angrily retained the widow. 'What 'do you want?' 'I want — to take a life- lease of this chair,' answered Paterson, flushing in spite of ; himself and cowering a little under her steady gaze. : 'Do you? Then take my answer .once for all. I like you nap .better now' than I did five years ago when you asked me afore Gcordic ; and what's mair, I dinna mean to marry again.' 'Why?'. The question was pumped- out clear and quick, and with such a keen glance into her face that she winced and colored instead of being ready with an answer. 'Why?' Why? Because I dinna want another -man,' she answered at last, angry with herself for betraying confusion. 'I didna get on sae well wi' the ane I had.' ' Mo, and that's why I've asked you to take me,' raid Paterson with great eagerness. ' I've saved a. bit of money, and I'm going off to America soon, and if you only say the word you can go with me as iuy wife.' There was nothing in this speech out of which any one else could have taken a double meaning or subtle hint ; but, whether it was the meaning glance which accompanied the speech, or 'the uncommonly daring attitnde of the man that affected her, Mrs. Ford cer tainly began to cower and pale. There was a long pause, during which she stared into the fire afraid to meet his glance, and then, without raising her eyes, she said, with- ill-affected firmness— ? '? I'll never marry again.' 'i My mind's made up— I won't,' cried the widow, now starting up and looking almost furious with passion. ' Oh, yes, you will— if I say you must,' confidentially returned Paterson, evidently much excited, and not a little elated. 'Must? must? Can any man 'force me?' she breathlessly exclaimed, ''ies, lean ; and I mean to do it, since you won't be moved by anything else I can say,' said Paterson. ' Now hear me. Oa the morning of the smash-up on the railway do you remember me handing you a letter?' . Apparently' Mrs. Ford did remember, for . the scaredlook did come back to her face, ac companied by a pallor and trembling painful to behold. 'A letter?' she faintly echoed. 'I — I really don't remember.' 'But I do; I have good reason to re member,' finally pursued Paterson. ' ' Ford's handwriting was as familar to me as my own, seeing that for nearly three years we lodged together. The letter was addressed to you in his writing, and came from that place where the accident happened. . 'Don't be too hurried in your answer,' quietly and significantly answered the letter carrier. 'Well, what of that?' The tone of the widow was bold, but her aspect was more and more abject and cowering. 'Why, just this— a dead man could not write you a letter.' 'No, but supjMisc he had written it before . he started, and*got it posted for him ?'' feebly and incoherently returned the widow. ' That's absurd, for he went by the first train in the morning, and the postmark could not have been imitated,' quickly answered the strange wooer. 'The fact is, Maggie, you need, not fence the thing any longer. George Ford is no more dead than I am.' ' Then if you believe that, why should you ask me to marry you?' cried the woman in bitter reproach. . 'Because I want you, and think I will, make you a better husband than he has done,' selfishly answered Paterson. 'And, more than tnat, lean force you, for I know all about the plot to defraud the railway com pany.' . 'How?' 'Tlie letter was badly closed— in fact the flap of the envelope had never adhered, and in lifting it back to stick it dovm with a touch of my toiigue, in case folks 'should think I bad opened it, I read the words, ' ' If you do the thing well we can make both companies pay tweetly while I keep out of the way.'' ' Well, is that all ?' freezingly interposed Mrs; Ford. ' ',.,. ? *' Not quite. I was in a quiet entry at the time, and could not hold back longer. I took out the letter and read it all— how he had helped to lay out, the bodies, and noticed that the dead man was a little like.him, ;aud hovr you were to claim it if no one else appeared ' while he kept out of the way, and then were to sell off and move to Liverpool to join him when all danger was past. 'That's a frank confession — you., 'have opened my letter, for which I could transport you!' vengefully returned the enraged .woman.' . '' ' I did not say that, hut I know where Ford is at this motaeut, for you've got other letters from him since. then.'' ' ' ' I have not 'got 'a penny ' from anybody, nor even ?said'he was dead,' said Mrs. Ford with'womanly logic.' 'If I've made a mis take as to'the man 1 buried I'll hz only 'too happy to find that I'm wrong.' i. *' That's cunning, but it .won't do with me. You've claimed the money asd are going to ?light the railway companyj^in-'ihe Session. Court for £500. It's a clear case of con spiracy, and I hold the 'strings of the whole plot. Is it to be peace or war ? 'Will you go' with me, or go to penal 'servitude along with George?' ? ? ' 'I won't go with you, you may guess,''. ? «ri-vT tlie baited woman with furv.' ' I didn't like 'you before, but now I. hate you:. ' You're a Villian to the backbone.' ?_ ' I don't think the pofcishould call the kettle black,' significantly retorted Paterson. ' If the case is made public I'll get more praise for exposing your roguery than blame for reading your letter.' ' Well, I won't' consent, and I hate yon, and you may do your worst. If I go to gaol I'm determined that you won't be an hour out of it after I'm there. If you could open my letters you may have' opened others — aye, and taken from them what wasn't nieaiit for your pocket. So look out — let me aione and you'll be let alone. If it's to be war it'll be war on both sides.' 'I'll give you a day to think over what I've offered,' said Paterson, evidently much disappointed at her spirit, and galled by her contemptuous aspect. ' I don't want a day. You do your worst. I'm ready for you,' and thus speaking she led the way to the door, motioned him out, and then very unceremoniously slammed the door in his face without a word of farewell. Both, I suspect, spent a very restless night, busy scheming how to outwit the other with least danger to themselves. With the first streak of dawn Mrs: Ford was up arranging for a swift flight from Edinburgh and the country. The stock and business she had already agreed about with an acquaintance, and about the sale of the furniture she was negotiating with a broker who would remove them at a moment's notice. As soon as the press of the morning's work was over Mrs. Ford dressed herself in her engaged mourn ings, and by several byways went to the oifice of the company's agent, who was a perfect gentleman, and had treated her with much kindness and sympathy during a visit paid to hc-i- in regard to the settlement of her claim out of court. ' I have come to say that I will accept the offer of the company for £100 if it can be paid me at once,' she began, when introduced to the inner office. ' My lawyer does not wish the thing to be settled this way, because he will make more by going to court, sol have come here entirely of my own accord. I am . pressed for money, and will sign a full quit tance of every claim if you can let me nave the money.' . . 'This is justsudden enough, and I am afraid I would require to consult before agreeing,' cautiously returned the agent. . ' Oh, then, you need not trouble more about it, but just let the case take its course,' said the visitor, with dignity and coldness. ' If I had not wanted the money I should never have thought of accepting so little.' ' Stay, I think 1 could settle the matter to morrow.' 'Too late. We'll say no more about it;' and Mrs. Ford rose to leave the office. . ' Or to-night even. Perhaps you could call in the afternoon.' 'I might; yes, I will,' said the cunning woman, overjoyed at her success and fearful of showing her elation. This ended the delicate negotiation; and in the afternoon when she returned, a bank cheque filled up for £100 was placed in her hand in return for the simple signing' of her name on a document which she did' not tiouble to read. From the agen'ts office she went straight to a bank and cashed the cheque* in gold. As she was making her way home carrying this money she nict Paterson on his afternoon lor.r.d v.ith letters. 'What's to be .your answer, Maggie?' he asked, with affected' indifference. 'No !' The tone and look were enough to have blasted the hopes of the . most dogged, and for the first time the curious wooer showed the pent-up auger swelling his breast. ' You'll repent it as long as you live,' he said, furiously, and 'then he left her, with a jrcci nful laugh ringing out behind him. It is the trifles which irritate, and the silly laugh incensed Paterson more than the re fusal. Tlie moment his delivery was finishe J lie went home and penned a full account of what I have here detailed, only omitting that which tended to'iinplieate himself and what was not actually known to Mm. This letter he did not think proper to sign, but merely . adhibited the vaguo words, ' One who knows.' However, he did the next best thing that could have been done, for he addressed the precious epistle to me, and had it de liveied direct at the Police Chambers that afternoon. I read it through, then referred to the papers for the name George Ford, and found the statement to be so far correct that such a person was mentioned as having beeu killed and identified', but beyond that I could not go. I have a contempt for anonymous, letters, and was strongly inclined to treat the whole as aromane'e concocted by'the writer for a bit of fun, and with . the intention of hoaxing us or annoying the poor widow. At the same time I thought proper to go at once to the agent of the railway company and lay the matter before him, when, to my surprise, he sprang to bis feet with an imprecation against himself, and added, in evident chajn-in — '1 might have known there was a plot in it when she was so eager to grasp the money ar.dhave done with it. Why did I not put her off for a day or two ? I had an instinc tive idea that there was something wrong, j And now she will be— possibly out of the j country — and laughing at us with her hus- j baud at her side.' j 'Perhaps not ; she cannot be far from, here yet,' I ventured to remark, after listening to | an account of the interview and tlie paying ? of the modified claim. ' It is possible she j thinks herself safe, and is not moving, j Indeed, it is . possible that she is altogether innocent, and not dreaming of leaving the country. We may watch her movements for a little, however ; there can bs no harm in that.' Having thus settled matters we walked out to the shop, and were somewhat staggered to j find that the shutters were on, and the last I of the furniture was being carried out and fastened on a broker's van. ' Mrs. Ford was awa' to the railway in a cab near half an ? hour ago,' the. nieu said, and after a, swift run up Drummond-sfcrest we caught aj cab and tore off in that direc tion, promising the driver, a trifle extra if he saved the Glasgow-train.- At the station we were not a. minute too soon, but I still took time to pass along the entire train, looking keenly into each carriage, while the ageac held back by my direction. One third-class carriage alone contained a widow in deep mournings, and this woman I spoedily had identified as Mrs. Ford without her once being conscious of the agent's pre sence. He then precipitately ordered me to arrest her on the spot, but I succeeded iu reasoning -him, out of the plan, and, taking my place in the train opposite the widow, was soon rattling westward! ? I tried to get her into conversation, bat she was hard to draw, and I had in the end to give up the attempt. When 'showing, tickets,' too, I had discovered that I had' ' made a mistake in my ticket, for hera was for Greenock, while mine was only for Glasgow. In-changing stations at Glasgow I lost sight of her, but she. speedily reappeared when the Greenock train was about to start. I got into the same carriage, but this time kept out of her sight for fear of exciting her suspicions. As soon as the swift run down to Greenock .was over, .1 slowly left the carriage and sauntered along behind the heavily-craped, figure, who passed along the great station and down tov.-ards the pier, at which the bite boat for Belfast was on 'the j point of starting. In the station she had looked in and out of waiting-room's, and- | lingered and loitered a good deal; and soon*, reaching Princes Pier had little time to waste. The men were shouting and preparing to Haul in the gangway of the steamer when 1 pressed forward, and then to her evident relief aman,-! ! much muffled up, appeared from among . the I crowd, and got to her side with an aagry ? oath, and the words — j ' Where in the world have you been ? I ' thought you had missed the train, and wa3 ! near, starting without you. You got the i money all right from the railway people ?'. ! ' Ycs,'gleefullyreturned the widow, 'so we ; can laugh at Paterson now.' ' '. j Just then I gripped him hard by tlie wrist : and swung him round, while the policeman I : liad brought down from the station above did j the same to the widow. : ''What, Ford.' I laughingly exeluinied at ' a venture, as he began to struggle and curse. ?, ' I thought you were dead and buried. I'm | afraid you'll have to go back with me to ! Edinburgh, and see what the ceils can do. in ! the way of detaining your spirit.' . . , | The woman made the most fuss, and fought ! and scratched so much that I was compelled- j -to handcuff her ; while her husband heaped - the most awful oaths on her head for her ! stupidity and carelessness for getting, them ' both trapped. . ? . 'You must blame Jamie Paterson, not me,'' was her tearful reply. ' He has done it ail — 1 know he has.' ' This remark 'so excited my curiosity that I could not refrain from producing the letter . cf ' .One who knows,' and asking her if that ? vyas Patcrson's handwriting. The result was liot jonly a swift .identification on her part, hut a deal of interesting information regard ing Paterson' and the letter opening, which resulted in me taking him in his lodgings the moment' I got back from Edinburgh. Ford and his wife were tried shortly after for conspiracy, and he was sentenced to two imprisonment ; his wife being discharged on the .ground of having ^cted- -under.: his influence. . Paterson was accepted as evidence evidence against them, and also escaped with the loss of his situation. Ford's first act on completing his sentence and being set free was to commit a murderous assault upon his wife, which sent him back to prison,- and made his wife audibly regret that she had not accepted Paterson. She forgot that the letter-7 carrier niiglit have assaulted, her just as affe'e-' tionately. - Women are never content: ? ?? - ? -*r- ? 