NEW SOUTH WALES,'1 rFrom our own CorresBondent. 1 S-crtnBV. .Tnlxr 94. We have just been favoured with a visit from two American lecturers, who have pro duced a more than ordinary interest in the Fhe first was a gentleman who has acquired distinction by his celebrated Boston lectures, md by his subsequent appearances on the lecture platform throughout the world. I illude to the Rev. Joseph Cook. Those who recall his bursting forth like a star some years ago, when he championed the orthodox faith against the teachings of false science and false philosophy, and who have watched his subsequent course, will not be surprised to learn that his advent into Sydney was hailed by members of all denominations, and that his public appearances were numerously attended. He is making an all - round - the - world tour, during which he has lectured in India, China, and Japan, and dropped down upon us some what unexpectedly in these far-off ends of the earth. He is a man of broad, strong, massive build, with a good head, and a voice that is full and resounding ; indeed, when he pats on power, which he. cften does, it makes the place ring again. The topics of his lectures are those on which he has already spoken to the world through the Press. But in addi tion to these he has come forward as a preacher to the masses. He introduced some what of. a novelty one afternoon by giving what -he designated a box lecture, which means that persons were invited to put any questions they liked by dropping them into a box beforehand or leaving them on the table, and that he would reply to finch questions in his lecture. He is adroit in this business. It will readily- be believed that a public man who gives such an oppor tunity to the public will not be without all sorts of queries, critical and curious, and that he will need occasionally a little strategy as well as much science. As an instance or this the question was propounded— Whether baptism by sprinkling or baptism by im mersion was the proper mode ?— to which he replied both, naively remarking that the matter was not so important as many persons deemed it, winding up with the counsel that when we had fully dealt with all the great moral -evils that were rampant around— and that would take a very long time — parties interested in this matter might take a rainy day and discuss the subject of baptism. Another question was put forward to elicit his views in Christian perfection, to which he replied that properly understood and conditioned he believed in it, but that if any man should step forth and say that he hadn't committed any sin for a twelvemonth he should be inclined to think that he very much needed the prayers of God's people. He left for Melbourne on Monday. The second lecturer is Mr. Eli Johnson, a great championoftemperance. He is a man of strong convictions and of very outspoken address, who, like most men of his class, speaks with much emphasis ; bnt he strikes hard, so hard that I am inclined to think he must have made some folks in our city feel very uncom fortable if their sensibilities are nottoo tough. At a preliminary meeting, which was held by temperance reformers to give him greet ing, he gave a brief exposition ol his mission and his methods. Hi a purpose was to expose the abominations connected with the manufacture of intoxicating liquors, and it was stated that his dis closures were so damaging to the vendors of grog in America that by the liquor-dealers there he had been offered 810,000 to discon tinue his lectures. He was also anxious to connect by his efforts the cause of temperance reform more closely with the Church, be lieving that the ministers of the Gospel should take the position here which their brethren had done in the United States, and that is, lead forward this great crusade against one of the greatest foes to morality and religion. His platform was a broad one, and its ptenks were simply stated in four lines — Mental suasion for these who think. Moral suasion lor those who drink. legal suasion for the drunkard-maker. Prison suasion for the Statute-breaker. Mr. Johnson is a smart man who has opened up certain little secreta of the trade which are practise I under our very nose. These may be known to the initiated few, but to the multitude they will come with all the freshness of a revelation. Whether the revelation will act as a deterrent to the drinking practices of society deponent saith not. It would appear from the lecturer that the secrets are practised the wide world over. In England he purchased oil of cognac, port-wine oil, gin oil, and other essences, which at a small cost produced a large quantity of stuff. He had gone to one firm of manufacturing chemists, and had procured seven bottles of essences for 7s. sufficient to make forty-two gallons of liauora. One pound of essence of whisky, from eight to sixteen ounces of essence of grapes for im proviDg the flavour of wines and brandies, from half a pound to a pound of essence of gin, a pound of essence of cognac, and so on, would make about a hun dred gallons of these beverages respec tively. For putting a bead on liquors the following recipe was stated :—pii of sweet almonds, one ounce ; oil of vitriol, one ounce ; to be rnbbed in a mortar with about two ounces of lump sugar, and small quan tities of spirits added until a thin liquid was formed. As if to demonstrate that all this was not merely the talk of a man given to exaggeration, Mr. Johnson then described how in our own city of Sydney he# had pur chased drugs, which were sold to him for the manufacture of spirits by two firms, the names of which were given to the public with a candour that was considerable, but which could not be at all palatable to the gentlemen concerned. Us also gave the name of two book firms, from whom the books that furnish the modus operandi of treat ment might be obtained by any one inte rested in such matters. The tactics of the lecturer in obtaining these trade secreta is, I think, open to objection, as I believe he had conveyed the idea that he was interested in the wine and spirit trade, only that the interest was very different in its character from that which the un nrifiTiAf»ftTirr QpTtar ima*rir!ed- Tt is not often that -one gets such a tnorpugn insignn into these hidden matters as this cute American gives us. The mischiefs of the drink traffic are sufficiently apparent in the impoverish ment of means, in the damage to character, in the mischief to home, in the vice and crime which flow forth from it into such a broad current. But Mr. Eli Johnson takes us behind the scenes into the workshop where the decoctions are made, and shows us enough to abate the appetite of the keenest devotee of the cup. Whether it will have this effect I cannot say, but this I know, that there is considerable cursing in certain quarters over this darned Yankee who has with so mmch thoroughness let the daylight in upon so much that is dark. Apropos of the drink traffic, I may note that considerable indignation has been felt and uttered at the appointment to the Licensing Bench of Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., and Worthy Grand Templar. Without sym pathizing in all the hard and withering say ings that this proceeding has called forth. I must confess to sharing in the sentiment that a mistake has been made. The measure which the last Parliament passed into law is stringent enough in its provisions as against the extension of the drink traffic to make it desirable that no appointment to the Licens ing Bench should be made of any one who, from his position in society and from his public utterances may be regarded as pledged to a cause which is in direct antagonism with the vocation of the licensed victuallers. And certainly Mr. Davies comes underthis category. He was one of the foremost supporters or the measure in the House, was one who took an active part in connection with temperance bodies in pleading that certain provisions should be made in the measure with the view of giving it an increased value when it be came law, and, what is more, is a member of the Templar fraternity, and a leading official of that body, so that he can scarcely claim to come to the discharge of his duties on the Bench with that freedom from bias and pre judgment which ire so necessary in one who is pledged to administer law. As a Templar Mr. Davies has come under pledge ' that he will not make, buy, Bell, use, or give to others as a beverage any spirituous or malt liquors, wine, or cider, and that he would also discourage the manu facture and sale of them, and in view of such a pledge and the obligation thence arising it is too much to suppose that the C.M.G. could be actually impartiaL That this Worthy Templar can strike out as well as the publicans who are taking up the cudgels against him is apparent from the expression of his opinion at Newcastle a few days ago, where he designated the said publi cans as a set of imbeciles, whose protestations against his appointment would be as ineffective upon him or his future actions as a blister on a wooden leg. But Mr. Davies doth protest too much. -Ye have had in this city too much of the game of see-saw between the Templars and the Tipplers in the matter of licences. Indeed the present Act was largely due to the unseemly tussles that went forward on the Bench on the part of the friends of the publican to procure the whole sale issue of licences. It is therefore not at all desirable that there should be any appearance of reprisals by such an appointment as the one which is now canvassed with so much sar casm and bitterness. The Act is strong enough and good enough to work great moral reforms by the_ simple and honest enforce ment of its provisions, audit is to be regretted that its operations should be exposed to the I ghost of suspicion by such an ill-advised ap nntment as that under remark. Anything of this sort is likely to lead to antagonism to the measure, and provoke an attempt to get some of its provisions altered. So far it has wrought well, but a step such as that which is now denounced will tend to awaken some little measure of sympathy with the publicans. A large meeting was held in the Masonic Hall last night under the auspices of the Trades Defense Association, which was largely attended, and was very enthusiastic. It was called to secure such an expression of public opinion as would help to bring about a reversal of the decision which had been arrived at. Mr. Dalley had been invited, but wrote to excuse his absence. He, how ever, designated the appointment in question as a preposterous and ludicrous caprice of official patronage. The resolution which passed the meeting was — ' That the eleva tion of Mr. John Davies— a declared enemy of the liquor trade in every shape, and one of the leaders of a political agitation for its suppression— to a seat on the Metropolitan Licensing Bench is an unjust and tyrannical exercise of the power of the executive, and that his presence on the Bench will tend to sap public confidence in the administration of justice in the Licensing Courts of the colony.' A good deal _ of bunkum was uttered at the gathering, which, how ever, found favour with the excited audience. One fervid orator declared that if this sort of thing went on much longer the dogs would not be allowed to bark nor the cocks to crow. In the name of all that is good I can affirm that infinitely greater evils were wrought by the class to which the said orator belonged under the old ripime, bnt that in the jndgment of gentlemen of this ilk was nothing. Now, while disposed to laugh at such absurd talk as that uttered by a redhot partisan of the drink traffic, I yet am' so far sympathetic with the object of their gathering as to believe that the publicans nave something more than a sentimental grievance to complain of this time. I have alluded so fully of late to the evils that are fostered by our land laws that I do not care to touch the subject again. But it is one of such vital interest to us as % com munity. It is one in connection with which the ingenuity of human nature is so taxed to evade the provisions jas by law_ established to prevent abuses ; it is also one in which the various colonies have such a common interest that the doings of one colony may serve to help the residents in another to avoid the rock on which we have so grievously grazed our keel, and therefore I will iust note our new method of working the oracle._ Dammy ing is an old institution — but an institution in olden days which seemed to be regarded by the squatters with some slight sense of modesty, not to say shame. The march of events has, however, served slightly to alter all that They are not now so watchful, they are not now possessed of so fine a sense of honour, they are not now so sensitive in their f eeling8 in regard to violations of the law. In proof of this I will quote the words of one of the correspondents of the Press in one of our country districts. He shows that one of the latest amendments in the land law, which was intended to serve asa dykeagainstthepressure from behind, has proved a most insufficient arrangement, and through this the grossest aouses uave ioroicu i-u buc KiGau uftnutap k-i the public estate. But I will give his own words :—' There has been more dummying since the Act of 1880 became law than in any ten years previously. What with mineral conditional purchases and the many strata gems resorted to, the law has been a dead etter. The squatter has had the beat pro fessional advice, and he has taken advantage of it to the fulL One pastoralist in these parts has about a dozen men, whose ages average seventy years, in his employ. They are all 640-acre men, and their wills are already made. Two or three of the old fellows have already died, and the land having devolved on their employer by devise, he of course has only to make improve ments.' Thus at the very time we are ex tending our railway system to places beyond Dubbo, the process goes on by which the rich pastoral lands in the neighbourhood are passing into the hands of overgrown land lords, to their own great emolument and to the public loss. The same process has gone forward on. the rich flats between Narandera and Hay, and Mr. Wilkinson's ill-advised remark at the banquet of the Hay Railway opening shows how extensively the business has been pushed in that quarter. That we want a Royal Commission on this question is as clear as the shining of the sun at noonday. The evidence that lies embedded in the official documents of the Laud Department is quite enough to show that the much-vaunted Laud Act of Sir John Robertson is being used with great unscrupulonsness for purposes such as weie never contemplated when it passed into law. Since my last letter the glorious twelfth, as Orangemen delight to call it, has come round again, and with it the grand annual celebra tion of phe Order. This has become quite an institution in the city. At the initiation of this movement I can remember the disquiet that pervaded a portion of the people in con sequence. They seemed to think that some how or other their religion was in this way held up_ to shame, and their honour, if not their rights, invaded. At that time also it required some little courage to enlist under the Orange banner, as vague rumours were in the_ air of assault and violence, and, according to some, you might expect a cracked skull; or the torch of an incendiary in your dwelling, if you claimed to take part in the demonstrations of this odious order. Bnt that period has passed away, and though I cannot vonch for the love of the Romanists to the ord2r, or for their serene approval of all that is said and done in its interests, I can vouch for this: that the Orangemen are suffered to go their way, and you near nothing now about the dangers consequent upon loyalty to their flag. The pageant this year was quite equal to that !o£ former years, if anything a slight addition to what has gone before in the matter of numbers and impressiveness. On the Sabbath a dense multitude graced the Old Exhibition Build ing, while short addresses were given by various ministers on topics cognate to the objects for which Orangeism exists. In the following week the colossal public meeting was held in the same place. There was a ing concourse, the display of flags and ban nerets, the enthusiastic march round the building— if march it could be called — wherein there was some little diffisulfcy to get along because of the crowd, the stirring music of the brass band, the softer music of piano and gifted soloists, the fervid eloquence of Orange orators, and the added element of intense feeling on the part of the gathered thousands— ail contributed to make a very effective Protestant demonstration, and could not fail to strike in this aspect if in no other. On former occasions it has been the practice to obtain the advocacy of two or three of our leading divines as an auxiliary in the interests of the Order. But this year it was decided that outside the Chairman, who is the Grand Master, the speakers should be drawn from the ranks of members of Parlia ment; and from a political point of view this was not a bad piece of strategy. Indeed, from the speech of the Chairman it is manifest that the institution is growing in public esteem. During the year it has increased its membership by 25 per cent, and at present it numbers 189 Lodges, in connection with which are 174 ministers of religion. The presence of so compact and powerful an organization, based upon Pro testant principles, and arrayed on the sida of that liberty which claims for every man freedom of conajienea, cannot but tell in the working of our social, political, and religious institutions. On the other hand, our Catholic mends go their way, eagerly building up the interests of then* order. Dr. Vaughan a short time since had a grand muster of the guilds of the Church, anofgave them the Church's blessing. He is also just now meditating how best to open the new Cathedral of St. Mary's. I mean by this no reference to the ritual to be observed, or the religious ceremonies that will obtain, but simply to the tariff of pharges that is to rule as the prices of admission te this sight of sights to a Catholic mind. After much dis cussion with priests and consultations with laymen, and quiet meditation on the whole business by the Archbishop himself, the fiat has gone forth that £1, 10s., and 5s. are to be the prices on the occasion named. The an nouncement of this has given umbrage to many, ard the dissatisfaction has not only uttered its growl in the community, but also found its way into the papera. Bat Dr. Vauehan, like Pilate, virtually says — 'What I have written I have written.' Not only bo, but he strives to show that the laity can yell afford to pay these charges, and speaks sarcastically about the smallness of the amount as compared with the largeness of the resources of multitudes, and mildly hints at the shameful waste of money that goes on in their direction. Now, there is no question that the laity can pay the money. They are strong enough for that, even down to the five-shilung assessment, which is in tended to touch the poorer members. There is no donbt, also, that heaps of money go where it ought not, spent on folly and dissi pation. But that is not exactly the point which creates the soreness. The Romanists say they have given their money libe rally to help to build it, and therefore, when the Cathedral is to be opened, the matter might fairly be trusted to the spon taneous generosity of their hearts. I do not think, however, the question will be left to thespontaneity of public beneficence. Indeed, the history of St. Mary's erection has been for the most part one of pressure. There has been great boastfuhiesa on the part of priestB and dignitaries _ at the way the money^ comes rolling in. Bnt what with mapping-out districts ; what with fixing amounts which must be raised ; what with the zeal of holy fathers, which has hunted down rich merchants and run to earth servantmaids ; what with the tenacity of purpose in this direction, of the Archbishop himself, who boasts of the number of letters he has written with his own hand, many of which were to Protestant firms and Protes tant gentlemen, who were touched by this apostolic letter and by this act of Archi episcopal grace — what, I say, with all this going forward in the city, going forward in the crash, going forward the whole year through and for a long time past, it does seem a little ungracious that the crowning act should come in the form it has. The members of the Roman (Jatholic Church have a perfect right to do as they like in this matter. Bnt from what I can gather the decision of Dr. Vaughan has not met with the endorsement of many of his people, and hence the mutter ings of discontent to which I have adverted. 