SFORTLN© TOPICS By "Tout Cila." Ko. 1 of "Chats on Coining E18'' JW-JJ in onr leading column, and is aevoeea SrY Sth. likely So At VMe and first day of the Autumn meeting. ai«. cuss the Australian Cup and K ewtuartetiauiidi«P chances : uid Ko. 3 will be a land protubilitiee of tbe second and third daya evente.j We would again refer our readera to our advertising pagee, whioh now form a P®"®0 cportsnumrfl vade meown, not only for Victoria, but for all the ooloniee- The advantage to caterers for the public, and the publio themselves, in having foil particulars of all sporting matters in one journal, instead of being soattered over the pages of numerious papers, and mixed op with a vast number of nusoallineoiiB snBonno6mente,is too obvious to need more than the mere mention. Sport of ell kind will be found under appropriate headings in our ndrertiaing cdorone. The V.R.C. Autumn Meeting promises, so far as the external symptoms of a large general entry can affora any reliable due, to be a more successful affair than the most sanguine had ventured to hope. As regards the actual nominations figuring on the lengthy list they are more than one hundred in excess of last year, and embraoe most of tbe best known animals on the Victorian turf, besides a select few from Hew South Wales and South Australia, nor is Tasmania 11 out of the hunt." The most satisfactory feature of any in the gratifying result, ae apparent at present, is the Utile anticipated number of horses who have been entered for tbiighly interesting weigbt-for-age events spread over the three davs, nearly aU the proved, or supposed, weight-carriers of any note being amongst the lot— notably Pro gress, Bwivelier, WeUington, and Darebin,— whilst the names of Courtenay, Guinea and Bathorst, besides half-a-soore of less or more known three-year-olds, furnish the well founded prospect of genuine contests to be decided on absolute merits. The wise system introduced of fixing oertaan penalties and aUowanoes in the prinoipal of thee© valuable components of the programme has, doubtless, occasioned this gratifying result, and a simple reference to tbe individual items maintains the assertion. For instanoe, the Port PhiUip Stakes, though it has 300 sovs. added to & sweep of 10 sovs. (with a forfeit of simply 5 sove.), has but 8 horses entered in consequence of there being no special conditions ; but the Grand Stand Stakes of 200 sovs. only, and sweep of 6 sovs., for which there are penalties on certain winners, has 11 nominations— whilst the Town Plate of 500 eovs., with sweep of 10 sovs., has no less than 18 of all ages willing to risk the half forfeit, and entirely through tbe policy of woll-calculated penalties as well as maiden allowances. When writing, st a later period, on the respective and relative chances of the different nags likely to come to the post, I shall Have more to say on this subject, the commencement of my " Chats on Coming Events "—the first of which appears to-day— being devoted to the important Two- year-old oud Three-year-old events, and the sensational Autumn Handicaps. All that needs to bo added, then, to the abovo few remarks is to mention the actual numbers of equine competitors who appear" on paper" as likely to take part in tbe several stakes, and to lot the total of these tell its own tale of promise viz. : — Fimsr Dat. Hurdle Race ... ... ... lShorees Fort PhiUip Stakes 8 do Brunswick Stakes ... ... ... 3 «Jo Eeilor Stakes 14 do To which must be added the Ascot Vale and Lcger, the first of which will probably com prise 6omo 16 or more 6tartere, and the second 8 or 10. Second Dat. Hurdle Hoce Mboreee Coriuthian Cap <j Aubtralian Cup ... — 30 do Grand Stand Stakes 11 ao First Nursery Handicap — — 41 do Third Dat. Second Nursery Handicap ... ... 34 horses Newmarket Handicap ... ... 48 do Town Plate Jf do All-aged Stakes 8 do Steeplechase "i. " ;« a Three and Four-year-old Handicap ... 19 do Making a fair allowance or 26 for the Ascot V«lc and Leger, this brings the total up to exactly the same number of horses ae tnero are days in the year, viz., 365. That " the proof of the pudding may be in tbe eating " is my earnest wish on behalf alike of the club and the public. KB Weights for the Hurdle Race, Brunswick btaxes, ana.bteeplcchase will be found in tbe full list of general entries which wo publish to-day. The Adelaide Racing Club have issued a most tempting bill of fare for the Queen's Birthduv Meeting to be hold on the old Adelaide racecourse, and which is to be extended over 20th, 24th, 25th ami 27th of Mav. Nearly every item announced is of noticeable value, but some of tbe prizes offered are exceptionally rich. For instance the Birthday Cup is a. purse of 1000 sovs., Willi a ©weep oi au ev»e. uiaubia, 8# forfeited if declared, aud entrance free, which looks good enough to make a horse-owner s "mouth water." However, we have been favoured with the full list, and refer those interested to our advertising columns for a careful perusal of stakes and couditions. The South Australian Jockey Club have also " come out of tbe shell," and abow themselves determined not to let all the temptations to racing atables come from the rival lessees of the above mentioned course. Directly the A.R.C., with what a noted politician terms "leaps andbounda," raised their proposed 600 envs. Birthday Cap to 1000 eovo., the S.A J.C. lost not a moment in " doing ditto repeated," and the so-oalled Adelaide Cup will now bo a comfortable cheque for £1000, besides the handsome gold trophy presented by Sir. Thom.fi Elder. The Goodwood Handioap of 250 sore., one mile, is another attractive item deserving 1 mention. The Taemanian Jockey Club, as all will ho glad to know, had a particularly fortunate Inst week, erervthinc combining to afford gruliflcntion alike to the promoters, the visitors, the many holiday- lovers amongst the local folks, and "lost though not least to a fair proportion of the horse-owners. The events soein to have been very well shared out though tbe principal prize fell to this iido the straits ; but there is no doubt that this result gave full satisfaction to the Southern sportsmen— and the more so that tbe Hobart Cup was gained by such an honour to tue Australian Turf as Mr. C. M. Lloyd— for the competition of stables from other colonies cannot but add immensely to tbe attractions of tbe annual gatherings in the "tight little island," and the winning of the coveted Cup by a representative of our so-called continent, must encourage them to "try, try again. Messrs. Agnew, Parker, Reiby, Talbot and Wilson reaped the just rewards of their energr, each baring secured winning brackots j albeit it deserves mention that four of the animals obtaiuiug these results were Victorian or New South Wales bred. Tan Lannceston Races begin to-day, and it in to be hoped the Tasinanian Turf Club will have tbe same fair weather and tbe eame fair fields which combined to make the T.J.C. have such " a red-letter" tryst. Although most of the eame horses compete at the north which did at the south, still they meet on different terms in the various handi caps. and a little " fresh blood" will also be infused. Owing to his excellent running in the Hobart Cup. Stockwell has since been fonmod for the Lauoceston Cup- Out of the twenty horses engaged in t he Launceston Cuo only six have deolared forfeit, viz., Albyn Tripaway, Outlaw, Firebell, King Arthur, and West Coast ; and Mariner, Echo, and Wostfield are the absentees in the Steeplechase. The general entries ate par- ticularly good. Stockwell is regarded as " a moral ' for the Cop, owing to his excel lent running at Hobart; and Tom Saiies bavins go over under express engagement to ride him, tbe public having backed him freely at even money, the "talent" now asking to have 3 to 2 laid on the promising colt A» Marchioness, to whom he ran second, has to carry 14lb. penalty, which brings hemp to Set 9lb., he meets het on vastly better terms this afternoon, although carrying 71b. more himself than at the SouUi. If a bowl-over be effected, it might come from Queen, or even Nepper Tandy if nobody touches him. Tire Glenormiston Stud seems to be re markably fortunate in furnishing winners to those who purchase at its sales, the latest instances being foroed on my notioe whilst penning the above topic re the late Hobart lUoes Two of the three-year-olds gaining victories " t'other ade" were bred by Mr. A. K. ItnUy— vie— Rojemree, -bo geined the y.iao TUt« with ridjowoni sue, wd Queen, who ran well in the Hobart Cup and afterwards pulled off one of the best events at tbe meeting, the Weld Stakes. As the annual sale of the Glenormiston yearlings comes early next month, and a full aster to Queen is on the list, these additions to the many sncoesses ol the stud are worthy of the notice of intending buyers. A letter and an advertisement appear in onr oolnmnB this week from Professor Miller, in answer to those of Jem Mace and Jack Thompson, which we .published last week. It is evident that the Professor busi- ness, as he offers to box either of these for £100 a-side, the gate money to go to the winner ; or if there is an objection to take gate money, the Professor is willing that tbe whole of the receipts shall be handed to tbe Melbourne charities. His ad vertisement has the true ring about it, and we doubtnot but tbatit will call forth a hearty response from such well-known plucky ones aeMaoe and Thompson. We quite agree with the remarks of some of onr correspondents that an exhibition of skill between maoe and Miller or Miller and Thompson will be a rare treat, whioh would draw sporting folk from all parte of the ooloniee. If the money named by Miller is Bot sufficient to tempt either Mace or Thompson, we have no doubt whatever bat that, rather then see the promised exhibition of skill fall through, plenty money would be forth coming to make up a nice little stake. At any rate, if business is really meant, we will do our level best to see that the needed "wherewithal" is raised. By some ioodrertence our usual sporting letter from Sydney has this week miscarried. This we much regret, but, as the poet tells us, " tbe best laid schemes of mice and men gang oft agley." Colic Races are being run tbis afternoon, and are likely to be well attended, as arrange ments have thoughtfully been made for a special train to leave Gcelong directly on the arrival of the Melbourne and Ball&rat; early trains. The Sydney Turf Club hare decided to hold one of their always pleasant fixtures on the Saturday after the A. J. C. Cup meeting, viz. — 22nd April, and general entries require to be made on Tuesday, 14th March. The two principal events on the fiat arc the readily attainable distances of six furlongs, and a mile and a quarter, so that most owners of horses have every reason to con gratulate themselves. Aspen, having slightly strained a muscle in her quarters, and it not being deemed wise to persevere with her training, nor just to the public that so general a favourite should appear longer on the list, she was scratched yesterday afternoon for the Newmarket Handicap. The St. James's Gazette, giving the names of gentlemen from distant parts attending a sale of thoroughbreds, mentions that of the Hon. J. White, who, our authority states, intends to secure some "good goods" for Australia. Wo trust he will succeed in his effort to introduce into these colonies another batch of the best strains of Englibb racing blood. It may be worth a few lines to remark that a couple of successful horses at the Hobart Races bore names giveh thein in honour of two well-known Melbournites, Vuvii ut wUurn nave Been intimately con nected with the progress of the Victorian turf, though one, alas I has "joined the great majority." I refer to the winner of uie Elwick Stakes and tbe Selling Stakes, happily named "Augur" after the able writer under that popular signature in the Australasian ; and to the Hon. Mr. Reiby's colt " Bagot," who won the Nursery Handi cap. Thb Flemington training-ground will be particulorly lively for tbe next three weeks, as the going is so good on each of the tracks — and tne improvement effected oy we aauy watering in dry weather so marked— that trainers from all directions have decided to do their " finishing touches " on this con venient flat. The regular establishments in tbo neighbourhood can furnish something like 200 horece in less or more active work ; and besides tbe Dowling Forest division already arrived, Foulsbain has taken stabling for bis Brighton lot — including Ween and Verdure— and Mr. Fennelly is also due from Randwick with Batburat, Monmouth, Glou cester, Hecla, and Verity ; the touts will have to keep " the cobwebs out of their eyee " for a while. The disqualification of Mr. De Mestre's youngsters, including Navigator and Solitude, for therick Sires' Produce Stakes at the V .R.C. Meeting next month, has occasioned a good deal of discussion in private circbs j and although there can be no doubt that the com mittee were right according to tho strict letter of the law, atill the case is a very great hardship under the circumstances. To have nominated them as by Crusoe, instead of by Robinson Crusoe, seems not only a very venial offence against turt regulations, dul iv actually almost remedies itself through the fact of the produce having been called " the Cocoanut colt " up to a very few days before the Maribyrnong Plate (in whioh he made his first appearance) was run ; and the money got on about him, here and in the sister- colonies, was under that sole designation. In fact he was not named Navigator until the date of General Eotries, and many of the outside publio wondered what animal it was when reading down the card. As, there fore, Coooanut could not have bad two foals the same season, and tbe hurried— albeit careless — description of being by Crusoe, could only mean the entire partly eo desig nated, surely the decision is about the greatest " hard lines " verdict on record. I cannot help thinking that there should Ire a wider latitude allowed to a committee, in stead of acting on rules like those of "the M"dea and Persians which alter not," for there is too often & difference betwixt Equity and Common Law. Mb. W. J. Clxbse6 gav colours are again to be carried on onr turf, as everyone con nected with racing will be glad to learn. Arrangements are being made for a oouple of youngsters, by King of the Ring, out of favourite mares, being at ouoe put into training ; and that they may earry the i aoket of their popular owner to the front will be a general wish. Thb Caeterton programme has been so lor settled that the principal items have been forwarded us for publication, and consist of Publicans' Purse, J mile ; Flying Handioap, 6 furlongs; Casterton Handicap, of 50 sovs., H mile; aud Steeplechase, of 60 sovs., 3 miles. The meeting will be duty advertised in the Official Calendar, and full particulars shortly announced. Tbe dates chosen are April 26th and 27tb, aud entries have to be made on March 28th. Several improvement have been made on the oourse, as mentioned by us last week. A vbby thoughtful boon is about being bestowed by Mr. Byron Moore upon the representatives of the sporting press, and the " professional touts," it being that gentle man's intention to have a oouple of comfort able retreats erected on the training-ground —somewhat in summer-house fashion— so that in the extremes of either heat, or oold, or rain, or wind, or dust, those who do the disagreeable task of taking notes of the Salt water Flat proceedings for the behoof of the interested public, may obtain some relief from their hitherto frequent discomforts. The worthy V.R.C. see. therefore invites the turf representatives of "the fourth estate" to meet on the ground, next Tuesday morning, at seven o'clock, and to select for themselves the most suitable poL Tee Bagot Estate drawing will positively oome off on the 20th of March, tuere now being only 320 shares left, of which those per sons can avail themselves who hare hitherto putoff doing an intended kindly action, as well as any others who may possess a mere specu lative disposition. Early application most therefore be made to Mr. Byron Moore, who has been taking a great deal of persons! trouble to make tbe affair a genuine euceees. Csanth&y; — at one time a more than ordinarily promising colt— bad to be de stroyed on Monday through having beoome hopelessly paralytic. He was a great fovoorifee in Mr. F. Leng'e training stable at Canlfield, and was jnsuy thought a great deal of in the early spring when first oob4 mencing fast work. I sincerely sympathise ' with hi" unpretentious owner, who is "one of the right sort." Msssbs. IV. C. Yuxllb and Co., the Tattersalls of Victoria, will hare a bos f time of it early in Month, as thaw have important sales of thoroughbred atook, from different leading establishmente, on different dates commencing with 3rd prox., and con cluding on the 13th. Mr. Stubbley'a is the first lot to be disposed of, and they comprise all ages, tbe majority being in aotive train ing; next oomes Mr. A. K. Finlay'e "blae blood" yearlings from Glenormiston, tbe date being 7th March ; on the 10th, a selection from Mr. Sam. Gardiner's well- known Bandoora Park stud ; and on the 13th will be offered a wide cboioe of youngsters, &o.;, bred by Messrs. J. Peterson, A. Smith, R. J. Hunter, A. Selman, H. Phillips, J. and E. Evans, J. Mitchell, and W. J. Winter. I shall feel pleasure in re ferring, at a later date, to the excellent opportunities thus afforded to all classes of buyers. So the Victorian team took offence at a supposed Blighting reference to their umpire's fairity by Mr. Murdoch, of the Sydney eleven, and refused to take seats at the banquet expressly provided in their honour by the New South Wales Cricket Associa tion, and to which the Sydney players were, of course, also invited. This much-to-be regretted "thin-skin-edness" reminds me of an appropriate anecdote told of the bluff- opinioned Admiral Rous. Several years ago, when Gladiator and other French horses had been appropriating to their stables the Epsom Derby and otber good things of the English turf, Lord Redesa≤ was ill-advised enough to frame a Bill for Parliament, tbe ostensible object of which was to forbid foreign nags competing on our courses, The reason given was that British animals were not allowed to run for Gallic " Blue Rib bons," The objectors quite forgot, by-the- bve, tbat the most valuable race on tbe con tinent—the Grand Prix de Pari— is open to all coiners, and is generally won by John Bull. But tbi6 is an aside. Well — on the gallant sailor, who was tbe Nestor of Racing, being asked what he thought of the idea, he replied tbuslr : "Humph! Snub the French men, eh ? Sad form. Bad form. In fact, damned bad form!" And this roughly em phasised truth I cannot but re-echo. Mr. Murdoch may have made a wrongful alle gation, and been unjustifiably rude to Messrs.1 Curtis and Chuck, but it is a well-granted axiom that " two wrongs cannot make a right nor by the same just reasoning can it be proper for a dozen cricketers to ignore a hospitality intended to be a general compli ment to Victoria from tbe representatives of. a sister colony. Had Mr. Chuck, or anv more powerful Victorian, accepted tho remark as a personal insult, and responded by a smack on tbe utterer's mouth, the act would have been manly, if coarse ; but for tbe entire team to " take tho sulks " was childish. Considering that only a few days ago the leading morning paper of Melbourne im pugned in its cricket report a decision of an umpire, it would really have been equally fitting had they signed' a round-robin never to enter o room in which tbe Argus lay on tho table. At the Helensrille (New Zealand) races, on the 28th January, Maori (late Auokland) was made an immense favourite for tbe Pub licans' Purse, but he was beaten in a some what easy manner by Vampire, formerly the property of Mr. T. Ivory. Tba ruuning appeared very peculiar, but the explana tion offered was that Maori had broken down ; but as tbe deceiving eon of Sydney Tim, when in the possession of Mr. W. Forrester had, many a time and oft thrown hts owner over, after performing a wonderful trial, it is little wonder for sur prise that he " broke down" in the Helens- ville Publicans' Puree. Blood-btock is looking up in value in the " tight little island," as the Hon. T. Reiby was offered and refused £500 for his two- year-old colt Bagot. Lanctfisld Annual Meeting is advertised for 23rd March, and it will be seen by the programme appearing to-day that nomina tions for the Handicap are due on tbe 13tb prox. Sid mishaps to some of our jockeys have just occurred, and it grieves me greatly to have to place them on record. The first requiring notice is that which caused the doath of poor Pat Carey — one of our best and most daring cross-country horsemen— a horse called Echo, whom he was riding io the Hobart Hurdle Race, having given him eo severe a fall as to fracture his skull. Carey was a well-behaved young fellow, E assessing both good head and good hands, is only fault being a little over-recklessness of danger; and in our present dearth of jumping ridere he will be greatly missed. With the usual generosity of all genuine sporting men, about £100 was rapidly col lected on the Elwick course as an assistance for bis relations in their trouble. At Marong, near Sandhurst, an equally painful accident took place during the running for the Maiden Plate, and the consequences were still more serious. Through a collision, soon after the start, young Purves was thrown amongst the field of eleven horses, and, when picked up scoreless, was found to have both fracture of the ekull and concussion of the brain. The mare he had been riding after wards ran into a horse called Toung Ebor, mmA mmihmI «o revere a eansize to Eade. bis steersman, that he died before reaching the hospital from a broken neck. To add to thb chapter of accidents, in the very next race Young Ebor broke one of his legs and had to be shot. Weil may « Desaiaxnaw xruuiu stranger than fiction," A tub occurrence worth notice is tele graphed as having taken place last week on tiie Warwick course, Queensland. An amateur meeting was being held, aud one of tbe first events was a private match between two hones called Silverhair and Rat-trap, the former winning with utmost ease. In a subsequent open handicap where there were five starters, the result was utterly subvened, Rat-trap coming in a length ahead of Silver- hair, and a mare named Calpro a fair third. Verily nce-honee are nearly as great a puzzle in these davs, as were women to Solomon in times of ola. "A han's a man for a' that," sang the heart-reaching poet Robbie Burns, and in a sporting community, above all others, should tne spirit of thb sentiment be carried out to the letter. In a certain Bowing Club, how ever, it would eeem that upstart nationality, and religions prejudioe, nave caused the rejection of a highly respectable youth from the privileges of membership because — mark you— k© is o Jew ! Shame on eueh narrow- mindedness. Are thoee who object to thb fellowship with an Israelite not aware of the totomn fact, acknowledged byja vast majority of the civilised millions who dominate our world, that tbe Divine Being they worship was born a Jew ? As was generally anticipated, the Com bined Australian Eleven defeated Shaw'a English Eleven at Sydney yesterday. The Australians won with five wickets to spare. There was no sensatinnal scoring on either aide, tbe bowling and fielding being too good to allow of the batsmen taking liberties. Con sequently there were no three-fig ore totals in either innings. Clyett and Barlow were, as usual, the highest soorers in each innings for the Englishmen. Tbe total of each of these batsmen in the two innings was 92, For the Australians Massie heads the list in the first innings with 49. Blaokham tomes next with 40, and Jones is olose np with 37. In the seoond innings Murdoch tied Massie's score In tbe first innings with 49, and Garrett cornea next with 31, not out. The oext match b -with the Victorians, which commences on i Friday next on the Melbourne cricket ground. With our present dearth of bowlers, and in the absence of Allan, it is too much to expect that Victoria will win unless we hare a great streak of luck. The match between the Australian Eleven now being formed, and tbe Englishmen will be looked forward to with much interest. The luck being equal, the Australians should win comfortably. Tub Ball&rat; Pack is already being strengthened for next meeting season, Mr. Andrew 8. Chirneide, the gallant yoirng Master, having secured several promising couples of hounds from otber kennels. I hear that clever jumpers are likely to be at a premium, ae the members of the club will be found much increased when tbe day for tbe opening meet arrives. Such a programme for the Hunt Races, moreover, is to be duly announced that good horses are sure to prove good property. The Albury entries hare reftched us, and the club bare no reason to complain of their r&umbcr; as there are 15 engaged for tbe Albury Cup, and no less than 21 for the St. Patrick's Day Handicap. Although there are few horses of high turf rank nominated 'for the former, yet amongst those in the latter the familar names of Waterford and the once vaunted Mullyn appear. Weight? are to be declared next Saturday. By-the- bye, that thorough sportsman, Mr. James Mitchell, of Tabletop, nas given a handsome Silver Cup for an additional item to the pro gramme, and it will be made a Corinthian Handicap to be run on the second day. Me. Robert Howib has taken up tempor ary quarters near Flemington, and intends to give the hones in his charge their wind-up work on tbe capital training tracks of the Saltwater Flat. The string consists of Suwarrow, Koh-i-noor, Egerton, and Bouquet, and they have alreadv been eome days in their new location. The ' gallant prey " has a good many admirers, and is much fancied for the Australian Cup by tbe Ballarattians. The late Caulfield meeting has left a margin of profit after all to the Amateur Turf Club, despite the moderate attendance which was occasioned by the rival attractions of tbe Anglo-Russian Regatta, and other Saturday afternoon amusements. This good luck, however— like that attendant on other recent races — may be attributed to the profits attendant on the selling events. Tne Samilton Spectator is responsible for tbejfollowing published declaration from tbe wvltikaown owner of Poor Me, the mare tbat beat Mr. Robt. Chirnside's horse Boatman at the recent Hamilton Races, when running a half- mile match for £100. It will be recol lected that the well known gentleman referred to, threw down the gauntlet to run any animal in Victoria over thie dictance, at light weight, and younir Mr. Chir-uide nc- oepted tbe challenge. Unfortunately, how ever, each of two fillies which he relied upon proved amiss, and rather than epoil eport he ran Boatman, though knowing he had not " a ghost of a ahow" for bis 50eove. Sioce then Mr. Robertson has been considerably bothered bv offers to ran him on different courses, iu- oluding Melbourne, Baliar&t;, and Avoca — the latter place being Ma special aversion from certain rude remarks there passed about hie pet mare. Consequently, he now writes tbusly to our able contemporary id the wealthy Western district:—1 11 Let all those who have challenged, and as many more that like, stake £50 each. I am wiPinir to do the same, and these amounts added together would form a handsome stake, to be run for at the Hamilton meeting. If there should be too many aspirants it will be easy enough to make two events uf it— on the first day, and on the seoond ; the first and second in each eveattould run off. The distance to be half a mile catch weights. Let a sum of £5 each be posted in the hands of Mr. Rippon, of the Hamilton Spectator, before the lGthof March, and any forfeits go to the funds of the jYestern District Racing Club." I am pri vately informed, in reference to tbe above, that at least throe parties intend to deposit their "fivers.' Cbanbourne acceptances must he de clared before 8 o'clock this evening, and will be received either at Bowes' Australian Hotel, Melbourne, or at the Cranbourno Hotel. Entries for the Maiden Plate and Selling Hack Race can be alio made at the eame places. The races come off next Satur day, and as this pleasant country is now tolerably easy of aceess, and is patronised by some very influential sports in the locality, there is sure to be a goodly muster of metro politan visitors. The weights will be found in our columns to-day as a ready reference. Thb Benalla meeting tnkes place to-morrow and Friday, and the general entries, ae well as nominations for the Publican's Handicap, are due to-day. It is to be hoped the weather will turn out moderately cool, and thus cause a large gathering from the surrounding dis trict. A goodly contingent of the Melbourne metallicians will be present to " assist," be sides a few visitors who are interested in eome of the horses engaged. Wanoabatta acceptances must he declared to-day, and the general entries are due on Tuesday, 28th inst., before 6 p.m. The races will be run on this day week. Mubtoa acceptances also require attention to-day, and the events come off to- morrow. Thb Kensington Park full programme will be found in our advertising columns. Mr. Cox tells me that he has had pressing letters to give a trot, and to oblige his friends he has added a Maiden Trot to his programme. Entries for aU events will be received up to 5 o'clock on Thursday, 2nd March. 