LADY DENTON'S LOVERS. BY A T H A . CHAPTER I. ?! is just likely you would be disappointed if you tried to find " Bay View " in the South Australian Directory. Nevertheless it is a real live Township, with a considerably greater number of trees within its municipal boundary than inhabitants. The latter, it may be stated, are Conservative to a man, and as for the women, well — they obey their husbands, and do not care tor politics. JLliey do not go m lor railways either, the iron horse has not snorted through their primitive Eden. The rumbling old mail- coach still wends its slow way to the door of the Bay View Hotel every evening at 7.30 p.m. On this chilly night in June, the old vehicle wended its way to the hotel with the mails and one passenger. Peter Greyson, the landlord — a personage as round as he was high — stood at his door, with his fat hands plunged up to his elbows in his pockets, and smiled graciously upon the new comer as he alighted. He was a man of thirty-five or thereabouts, tall and muscular, well preserved, with a fine handsome face, and a disposition to take things quietly ; yet there was a dormant devil lurking in the corners ol the mouth, which plainly indicated dogged perseverance and deter mination if fairly aroused. " Hallo 1 Mr. Holgrove, is that really you, sir ? '' cried old Peter, wringing the stranger by the hand. " Glad to see you indeed, pray step inside. Lord, it's a long time since you were last seen up here." The new- comer divested himself of his overcoat, and went into an inner room, where the landlord's wife was laying the table for dinner. " Well, Greyson, and how are all the people in this neighbourhood, eh ? " he said, seating himself before the fire. "All well and hearty, sir. I suppose you are come on a visit to the Colonel, sir ? '' "Yes ! I intend to stay a month. I haven't had a holiday these three years. How are the people at the ' Dell ' ? " " Ah, sir, there be several visitors there," cried the landlord. " Humph 1 Anyone I know ? " " Young Master Fredreck is there, and — " " What ? my nephew ! " interrupted the other, " the young rogue does well to make the most of the vacation. Of course he drops in to see you ? "Aye, marry, sir, he's a wild young blade is Master Raymond. The Colonel's horses will not want exercise while he's here, I'll warrant. My Lady Denton and he are — " " Lady Denton ! is she here ? " interrupted Jack Holgrove, bachelor, of the firm of Holgrove, Brooks & Son, Wool Brokers, etc., betrayed out of his usual cool and quiet manner. " Lady Denton has been at the ' Dell ' all the winter," rejoined the landlord slyly. " And such a charming dear she is," chimed in Mrs. Greyson, making her bow to the traveller. " The old house is not like the same place since she came back again to it. Why it only seems like last week that she went away a mere slip of a slim girl, to be married to that old rich hunks, Sir John Denton, who took her for a trip to the old country, and there died, and left her all his money." The good hostess had no need to remind Jack Holgrove of the circumstance. Colonel Hampfield was poor, with only one daughter — proud, ambitious, beau tiful. Had Blanche Hampfield been a man, she would undoubtedly have mounted the ladder of fame in some way or other, but, being only a woman, she married the wealthiest man in the market, and so became possessed of a quarter of a million of money, in her own right, with the title of " My Lady.'' In his quiet fashion he had gone so far as to ask her to be his wife, but she had laughed at him and had answered that she was too extra vagent, that she would ruin him in a twelvemonth, that he was too slow for her, etc. So she went her way. When Lady Denton re turned from her grand tour, she had appeared to favour her former lover ; but her whim again changed suddenly, and Jack had left her in wonder, and thoroughly con vinced that she was only a coquette. " As I was saying, sir, the old place has not been the same since her return from Tasmania, where she was staying all last summer. The poor dear old Colonel has been compelled to invite folks from far and near, and she has been as gay as the gayest. She shoots, she rides, she leaps fences and logs — that's a caution to those who happen to be out with her, and especially to that straight, tall gum-tree, Captain Vandome.,' \ " Who is Captain Vandome ? pray." \ " Bless you, have you not heard of the Captain ? " \" Certainly not, thr pleasure is to come, Mrs. \yson." nA will, be a pleasure, sir, for he's such a fine SOV. V Vl He was in the Life Guards, or , in London, you know, and knows \ the Colonel and a host of tip-top people in the colony. He came out for the good of his health." " Oh ! And he accompanies Lady Denton in her rides ? " " Just so, sir, though we can see he is no horseman. He has been here off and on for about four months. Her ladyship can't stir but he's at her heels." " Is Captain Vandome a young man ? " "Well, about your own age, sir, and that's young enough for any lady," cried the hostess. " Thank you, on behalf of myself and Captain Vandome." " Don't mention it, sir, you'll find the Captain quite at home at the ' Dell.' " " At home, Mrs. Greyson ? " " Surely, sir, there is nothing very surprising in that? " answered the landlady with a shrewd look. Colonel Hampstead is getting old. If this Captain Vandome marries his daughter, as everybody says he will, would it not be as well for them all to reside together at the ' Dell.' I'm sure the house is big enough." Holgrove bit his lips. " Oh, certainly, besides it would be more economical," he said with a smile. " I trust you will dine with us, sir," said the hostess, it is some distance to the ' Dell ' and you might lose your way." " Thank you, I am well acquainted with the track,' he replied. " Take care of my bag, I will send for it in the morning." " Don't trouble about that, sir, Ned shall send it on." " Thank you, madam " and " Good-night " he replied, and was gone. Jack Holgrove left the high road, and entered the scrub by a foot-path he appeared to be familiar with. After walking some considerable time, he turned, without hesitating, to the left, which soon conducted him clear of the trees into an open glade, bounded on one side by a large running creek, and a fence which formed the en closure to Colonel Hampfield's grounds, or the " Dell," by which name the place was best known. Holgrove pursued a path bordering the fence, until he came to a spot resembling an old quarry. The walls round this darksome hole were steep, and overgrown with low stunted brushwood. From the centre rose the wide-spreading branches of a magnificent blue gum, and at its feet a mouldering heap, weedgrown, and surmoun ted by a rude wooden cross. The wayfarer knew very well that the cross and the heap of stones formed the tomb of Jack Boomerang, the bushranger. Thirty years ago, this bravado, sleeping so peacefully here beneath the gum-tree, was the terror of the surrounding district. There were few settlers at Bay View, and fewer police to protect them. The bushranger had sent notice to the Colonel that he was going to visit him, and the Colonel, wishing to shew all courtesy to his guest, went out to meet him pistol in hand. The pair met on the spotof this old quarry, and the officer had shot his man dead. The body of Boomerang, although buried where he fell, still came forth to visit " the glimpses of the moon," and to scare away from the ugly spot every inhabitant of Bay View, old or young, valiant or otherwise. It was known as the Bushranger's Hole, and he was accounted a brave fellow indeed who would dare go inside its precincts after dark. The traveller walked cautiously along the rough uneven ground, then paused and stood a moment in contemplation. Since leaving the hotel, the moon had risen, and now cast a flood of light on every object around, even to the black shadows of the sombre trees, and the rippling creek. As Holgrove stood looking below, he fancied he saw something moving oil the slope of the ground which rounded into the little dell. He had not been deceived, lor presently, as he stood looking, he saw a thing, which might have caused a man, whose nerves had not been as firm as iron to quake with pardonable fear. Mortal, spectre, or demon, perchance, this extraordin ary personage was enveloped in a long crimson robe, with tassels dangling in front, and slippers on his feet, which made him appear to glide noiselessly over the ground, rather than walk. Ghost, or man, he came jauntily along with a quick swinging pace, and hum ming an opera air. He no sooner emerged into the open glade, however, than he paused and uttered a short half- stifled cry. Holgrove, less frightened than surprised at this sudden apparition, stood still, and waited in silence to see what he would do. He could see him very plainly, for his white pallid face was turned upward towards him self, and it appeared to our traveller, that had the bush ranger started up out of his grave, his face could not have been more ghastly. It was curious how this moving figure glided towards Holgrove so swiftly, considering the broken nature of the ground between them. When he had come within a few feet of Jack, he sank down on his face before him, and cried out in a suffocated tone — " Rest in peace ! " Holgrove felt inclined to laugh outright, but at that same moment he noticed the red-robed phantom fall back wards like an inert mass. He darted forward, the myste rious being lay on the grass in a faint. Come, what's all this nonsense about ? " cried Jack roughly, and giving his ghostship a good shaking, " Get up, sir ! " " Avaunt, spirit," murmured the lips of the fainting one, with a shudder. Jack Holgrove lifted the half-senseless form in his arms, and carried him further into the full beams of the moon, and disclosed features almost feminine in their fair and regular beauty. " Confound the boy, why it's my nephew, the scape grace," cried Jack. "Take any shape but that, and I'll — " again mur mured the boy. " What the devil is the matter with you, sir. Have you taken leave of your senses, eh ? Stand up, sir." " Hence, horrible shadow." " Humph ! This is beginning to be lively," muttered Jack in his turn. " The boy has taken me for the ghost of the defunct robber, I verily believe. What the dickens brings him here, and in his dressing-robe and slippers ? Lady Denton has been persuading the poor lad to take wine, I'll lay a thousand. Too bad, upon my life. Here, Fred, stand up, you young dog. I'm your uncle Jack I " " Rest in peace, departed one," muttered the youth, again unclosing his eyes, with a shudder. Jack laid his burden on the turf, and ran down to the creek. Filling his belltopper with a good supply of the ice-cold liquid, he quickly returned, and gave his erratic nephew the full, benefit of it. The boy was not proof against such a sudden shock, but started to his feet in a moment, and stared about him. "Well ? " cried the uncle, contemplating him. " I thought you were the " began Master Fred. " Oh, you did, eh ? Pray what are you doing here ? " " Nothing, sir 1 " " Of course, and you find it very easy to do it, don't you ? " " My dear uncle, I'm glad to see you ? " " Indeed, sir ! " " Very glad indeed. When did you arrive in Bay "View ? " Jack Holgrove burst out laughing. " Ah, nephew, I see you are becoming yourself again. Tell me what caused you to faint just now?" Tlin lioof T cnnnAQA nrtnln " AliV UUUVj A " What, heat in June ? " " No, no, the cold, I mean." " Or the bushranger's ghost, eh ? Ha ! ha 1 ha ! what a fright you got." " Sir, cowards arc frightened, I am no coward,'' responded the boy, clenching his fists. " Stuff ; why not acknowledge it, Fred ? The greatest heroes are not exempt from fear, and it is only boasters who pretend they are never frightened. But now that you nave recovered from your panic, will you explain why I found you here at this hour, and in your dressing-gown ? " CHAPTER II. ASTER Fred was some considerable time fjj iCLDjpL cogitating ere he answered his kinsman, i fiTf I Per'laPs he required time to gather to- gother his scattered senses, or maybe he OAffyfD felt shame to confess the foolishness of his " Uncle," said he, in pathetic tones, q-> "You have always treated me with the kindness of a father, and I am sure you would not cause me a serious sorrow." " Not the smallest sorrow, boy," answered the other kindly, "Well, then, give me your word never to mention to any one a single word of what has just happened. Remember, if you refuse, I am quite capable of taking my own part. Jack Holgrove laughed. " Pray, how old are you, sir ? " he asked, with a shade of irony. " Fifteen last May.'' " Upon my word, nephew, it is time you were married ! Then you would have more than your own part to take." " Ah ! I shall never marry, uncle." " No ! well, there's plenty of time. Why do you wish me to promise, Fred ? " " Because," replied Fred, " if Lady Denton knew I had been frightened — as you were pleased to term it just now — she would laugh at me from morning till night. " What of that, boy ? " " Everything, uncle 1 Lady Denton would call me a coward. She hates a coward ; I have heard her say so twenty times. Rather than she should hate me, I would kill myself." The smile which was lingering on Holgrove's lip now suddenly disappeared. "You are very anxious about Lady. Denton's good opinion, Fred ? " " Who would not be so that possesses a soul ? " cried the boy with enthusiasm. " She is so beautiful, so witty, so sarcastic ; so charming when she smiles, so terrible when she ridicules ! Who has such large, dark eyes, such lovely teeth, such a graceful figure, such a heavenly voice, such a " " And you are only fifteen, nephew ? " "We were speaking of Lady Denton, sir ! " " So we were — or you were, Fred. Lady Denton is a most fascinating woman. 1 have known that a long time," said Jack, gravely. " Had she anything- to do with this estrange freak? " . " You shall hear, uncle," said Fred, as they walked - along towds the ' Dell.' " You know the Colonels household clo not retire early. There is whist, music, ' and story-telling. Last evening the conversation turned J upon post's! " Colonel Hampfield related an adventure lie once met with in India. Then followed Captain Yandome — a tall fop, whom I dislike for his swagger and his bounce, and insolent airs. Handsome Vandome — as they call him — told a marvellous fable, in which he acted the leading character. I had nothing to tell, being — as he once told me — only a schoolboy ; but as it did not suit me to appear dazed by his 4 crammers,' I took the liberty of turning his so-called adventures into ridicule. He sneered at me in return, and dared me to go alone to the bushranger's hole. Lady Denton was looking at me with her malicious smile, which I dread so much. I saw she wanted to put my courage to the test.'' 44 Y on accepted the captain's challenge ? " " Yes 1 I was to proceed, just as you see me, and sing a song over the bushranger's grave, and carry back with me a piece of that old wooden cross." " A very pleasant joke, upon my word," cried Hol- grove. " I started off on the moment, and heard behind me the Colonel's gruff voice, the mocking laugh of Captain Vandome, and Lady Denton's 44 bonjour." By-and-bye those sounds faded away, and then there fell upon me and around me a deep silence. In vain I 'listened, in the hope of hearing some friendly sound, bui there was not the note of a bird, or the fall of a leaf even. In spite of my resolve to appear jolly, the intense gloom of silence began to affect me. All the ghost stories I had read came back to my memory without an effort. Long before I reached the hole, a nameless dread had taken full possession of me, but I fought agaifcst it, and partly succeeded in the effort, when " | 44 When you saw me, and took me for tin shade of Jack Boomerang, eh, nephew ! " I " I had no power to think, uncle. It \ras like a dream." " My Lady Denton is still the same as ever, ' answered Holgrove, more to himself than to his companion. 44 Thoughtless, wilful, and exacting ; following no law but her own pleasure, and no rule but her whims. What a pity ! '' | Uncle and nephew had been walking slowl i forward towards the "Dell" during Fred's recital, and they now halted simultaneously, for they perceived aligU moving towards them. " Is this another ghost ? " enquired Holgrovs. 44 They are in search of me," answered Fred with a quaver in his voice. " Uncle, do not forget v>ur pro mise." I 44 Have no fear, boy. If they question me, I will give a good account of your valour." 1 44 1 do not care for the Captain, but not a wofl before her, I implore you." 44 Before her ! This young schoolboy is fiiiliar," the man of thirty-five cried within himself, uwardly displeased with his kinsman. 44 She has bewitclid him. At his age, more than at mine, it is excusable to Commit follies." In the meantime the light they had seen ha Idrawn nearer, and soon they could distinguish several jersons advancing towards them. A servant carrying a antern walked foremost, behind him Colonel Hampfield i relied with military stride ; then came Lady Denton, \ tapped in a long shawl, which she had drawn over hephead, and leaning on the arm of Captain Vandome, wb was laughing, and, as it seemed, endeavouring tolmuse her. . ! « Halt ! Who goes there ? " shouted the Goldel, in a stentorian voice, as the parties approached. 1 " Two apparitions instead of one," replied Holgove. " Eh ! Surely I cannot be mistaken I It | our old friend, Holgrove ! " cried the Colonel, snatchih the light, and examining his visitor. 44 My dear Jack how aie you ? " \ Holgrove returned the old soldier's friendly lasp, then bowed silently to Lady Denton, who bushed slightly as she recognized him. 1 44 Captain Vandome, Jack." , A mutual curt bend were exchanged between lack and the Captain. " Who the deuce expected the pleasure of seeing vou here to-night ? '' said the Colonel, taking his fricd's arm. 44 I thought you were still in New Zealand |Do you know you have been knocking about for more tan three years, and never once put your face this way ?|ut we will talk of that by-and- bye ; at present we hay a phantom-hunter to question. Frederick Raynaud, advance to the front, sir 1 " | The boy advanced with a military salute, and m- sented u chip from the wooden cross. I " Bravo ! " cried the Colonel, laughing, " You h|e passed the ordeal with honour." I " Is it really from the bushranger's hole," cried fc Captain. I 44 Perhaps it may be only a fragment of brusliwooa' returned Lady Denton, with incredulous raillery. I " Lady Denton ! " cried Fred, in an offended tone. 1 " Nay, don't be angry," resumed she ; 44 I ajpplliifi to believe you have scrupulously accomplis|p4 wager ; but confess, you were much frightened$$iiJ';./l " Frightened, madame ! 1, a Raymond ? " J 1 \ "Yes, your Raymondship notwithstanding. «Thc more so as you are blushing," she continued, with' re lentless mockery. 44 I blush to think that Lady Denton should doubt my words," responded the boy. " I repeat, fhis l8 a fragment of the old cross from the bushrangerVgrave — ask my uncle. / Jack Holgrove, answering his nephew's pleading look with knowing mischievous side-glance, said gravely — 44 To render homage to truth, I must declare that Frederick behaved bravely. I believe few lads of his age would have won their spurs in such a daring mariner " " Since Mr. Holgrove chooses to be responsible for his nephew's courage, it will be in future an article of faith for us," Lady Denton quickly rejoined ; Mr. Holgrove is too clever and distinguished a personage in affairs of valour for his opinion to lack weight." These words were so full of ridicule that a man with out a notion of irony must have detected in them a desire to offend. But Jack only smiled. " You flatter me, Lady Denton," he replied, with a sort of satirical modesty, " but I cannot accept your praises in earnest. Far from boasting of heroic bravery, I must confess that when I saw my nephew I was very nearly beating a retreat." " A ghost would have had less terror for you, sir, than a bushranger , perchance," said Lady Denton, laying strong emphasis upon the last word but one, and as if drawing allusion to some circumstance known only to the man whom she addressed. " Bushrangers are not plentiful," Lady Denton. 4 Besides one may not fear those desperadoes every day," returned Holgrove, with a glance which changed, no doubt to annoyance, the gibing humour of the Colonel's daughter — for, instead of continuing the con versation, she resumed Captain Vandome's arm and turned away. It was very late when they reached the house. Supper was prepared, after which there was music and " chit chat," until the Colonel gave the signal to retire by lighting his bed-room candle. While the Captain, Fred, and the Colonel were grouped together, Jack approached Lady Denton, who was closing the piano. " Lady," he said, in low tones, and with a gravity in which an involuntary emotion was evident, " Give me credit for having called here unaware of your presence." " You are highly flattering." " Understand me, Lady Denton, I should not have come if I had thought of meeting you. Say but the word, and I will depart in the morning." " 1 am in my father's house, and not at home," she answered haughtily. " Here, I give orders to no one ; it is you, sir, who ought to know whether your visit is becoming or not." Then she coldly bent her head, and taking leave of her father and guest, left the room. " My Lady Denton, you are very charming, no one can deny that, but you are without soul," muttered Jack Holgrove, as he unrobed for the night. " Heigho, my lady, you are angling for the Captain, and when you have got him on your hook, let him look to himself, that's all. For myself, I'll to rest. Sleep sharpens the wit, they say ; and I feel sure I shall require sharp wits indeed to fence with you, my Lady Denton." CHAPTER III. tN the morning following Jack Holgrove's arrival at the 4 Dell,' Colonel Hampfield was having his usual pipe before the breakfast bell. He had a room set apart for that ? purpose, because it was a rule with him never to indulge in a weed in public. Two or three gentle raps at the door of the sanctum interrupted the veteran's smoke. 'I do not require coffee this mornins-. Jakes,' he said. 4 It is not Jakes,' replied a merry voice outside. The Colonel rose up directly, with a look on his face like a schoolboy taken by surprise, and without taking the precaution to extinguish the ashes of his pipe, thrust it away into the pocket of his dressing gown. Then he opened the door, and discovered his daughter standing in her fresh, coquettish morning toilet. 4 1 thought as much ! " cried Lady Denton, who, as soon as she entered the room, proceeded to throw open all the windows, in order to get rid of the offensive odour of tobacco. 44 You will never learn to cure your self of that abominable habit, papa.' 4 My dear, the word 4 abominable ' is rather a harsh term, don't you think ? ' he answered, smilingly. 4 Not when applied to smoking.' 4 Smoking is no worse than drinking tea. Come and kiss me.' 4 1 will kiss you when you no longer smoke.' 4 1 am no longer smoking now, you puss. I — I oh — oh — confound it ! roared the old officer, givin» a sudden jump and upsetting his chair. 4 What on earth is the matter, papa ? ' cried Lady Denton, bursting into a peal of merry laughter. 4 Matter ! d — n it, this beastly pipe has burnt me to the bone, and quite spoiled my dressing gown,' ejacu lated the Colonel, fiercely. Fie, sir ! swearing. 4 Swear ! Con — — There, I beg your pardon. I deserve to be punished,' he added, joining in the laugh. 4 So you do, sir. Here is your chair. Shall I call — Fire ? ' 4 Have done, Blanche,' he cried, looking at her rue fully. 4 Don't scold, and I hereby promise to smoke Unly cigars in the future. But may I know what it is procures me the honour of this erirly visit. \ Lady Denton locked her soft, white, shapely hands Wether about his neck and kissed him fondly. Then seated herself opposite to him, and her charming l«k gave way to an expression of gravity. \ I have come to say good-bye,' she said. \What do you mean, child,' responded the Colonel, in asfitaishment. 4 Father, listen to me for a few moments,' she added the proud face hardening while she spoke. 4 Before I became Lady Denton a man with whom you are well acquainted asked me to be his wife.' 4 Without my being informed of the fact?' brusquely interrupted the Colonel. 4 Without your being informed a word about it, sir,' she replied. 4 Of course I had other views with refe rence to the matrimonial state. Perhaps the interests of this gentleman were served by my refusal of his offer ; and it was also probable then, that this first offer would have suited me best. Nevertheless, women are strange creatures, and I made my choice in another direction. When I became once more my own mistress, this per sonage renewed his offer to me, and, although my mind went his waj , I again refused, for a particular reason, and I was determined that 1 should see him no more. Yesterday chance, which looks to me premeditated, brings us once more together ; this meeting vexes me — but it is not fair that you should suffer by it. I will not deprive you of the pleasure of your friend. I shall go this time, and return as soon as his visit is ended.' 4 You are speaking of Holgrove, then ? ' said the Colonel, in surprise. 4 Of the same,' responded Blanche, loftily. Colonel Hampfield rose hastily from his chair, with an impatient gesture. 4 It is really true, then, that this poor fellow has done you the honour to ask your hand, and that twice you have iefused him ? ' 4 It is an undeniable fact, sir.' 4 If — if I could think for a moment that you had been playing the part of a heartless coquette with poor Jack, I — I would disinherit you, Blanche,' he cried. Lady Denton laughed, and playfully plunged her hands into the half burnt pocket of his robe. 4 The old lion is beginning to growl. Where's his pipe, and the soothing mixture ? ' 4 Pray be serious, child, for one moment,' cried the old gentleman, trying to stem his paternal vexation of spirit. 4 What objection can you have to my friend, Holgrove ? He is rich, well-born, well educated, clever, and full of merit.' 4 1 grant he is all you say, dad.' 4 Is it his age ? ' 4 No ; Mr. Holgrove cannot be more than thirty-five, and I am twenty-three. The disparity is not great between us.' 4 Do you dislike his personal appearance ? ' 4 On the contrary, 1 admire him much ; his manners are agreeable.' 4 1 cannot bandy words with you. Be kind enough to explain,' cried the Colonel, re-seating himself. Lady Denton drew her chair close to his, and lower ing her voice, as if fearing to be heard by some one outside, she said — 4 Your friend, Mr. Holgrove, has, in my opinion, but one fault — it is that of being a coward .' 4 A coward ! ' repeated the Colonel, as if the offensive term had been suddenly flung at him. 'Blanche, I know that I have spoiled you, and I also know that you presume to utter all the nonsense that comes into your head ; but this is too much. Holgrove a coward 1 ' 4 Well, a poltroon, if you prefer that word,' rejoined Lady Denton, sarcastically, and without appearing in the least moved by her father's anger. 4 1 will prove to you what I say.' 4 Speak ! I am listening,' replied the Colonel, with offended dignity. 1 1 on remember two years ago, when I returned from England, and when Mr. Holgrove became a constant visitor here ? ' The Colonel nodded. 4 Uncle Harold was ill, and was ordered by his physicians to try the air of the Blue Mountains, in the sister colony. I accompanied him, and your friend travelled with us, purporting to have business in Sydney. On the mountains, between Croyden and Hartley 4 1 know what you are about to say,' interrupted the Colonel. 4 You met with a romantic adventure ; the coach in which you travelled was attacked by bush rangers. Yob — yes, I know all about it. You told me.' 4 Yes j but what I did not tell you was the part your brave friend played in this fine business. It was about one in the morning, and a fine clear moon'ight night. Suddenly a great noise was heard, the carriage was stopped, the door opened, and several men, with crape masks on their faces, bade us in brutal tones to alight, i am only a woman ; Uncle Harold was old and ill ; our obedience to the bushrangers was natural enough. But John Holgrove, a man in the full vigour of life — a man, in short ; now fancy, dad, he was the first to alight, without offering me the least assistance, but merely telling the scoundrels not to harm me. Was it not civil of him, and quite in place ? ' 4 The rascals, no doubt, were armed,' observed the Colonel, trying to justify his friend. 4 Ay ! to the teeth,' replied the young widow, quickly. 4 But what mattered that ? ' 4 The deuce ! how coolly you talk about it. If Hol grove himself had no arms ' 4 He had his loaded revolver in the ' pocket of the coach, ready to his hand, and which he quietly allowed these gentlemen to take, Jinstead 'of. ".using it for our protection. Look your father. J Jam j)ut n weak, puny creature— -but I, even I, felt/.at that moment that I could have battled with those ruffians to the death, rather thap have the pollution of their touch ; while this man, our friend and guardian, stood by, pale and treqablinfiL like the craven he is.' Lady Denton's five feet three inches of stature mag- < nified to over six feet as she uttered the concluding words in biting, withering sarcasm. 4 My dear,' said the Colonel, 4 there is much to be said on the subject of Mr. Holgrove's conduct on this occasion. You must understand the difference between courage and temerity ; you must allow for surprise and emotion. I myself, who have been present, in many engagements, had I been placed in Holgrove's position, might probably have acted as he did.' 4 You, father 1 ' cried Blanche. 4 No, no ; had you been there, you would have boldly confronted these men, as you confronted the savage, murderous wretch out yonder at the quarry years ago.' 4 Perhaps so, my love. I might have been hot headed enough for that,' responded the old soldier, smiling in a gratified way ; but remember that our friend is not accustomed to the use of arms, as I am ; he has never been in the army.' 'Don't try to excuse him, father,' sharply interposed Lady Denton. ' My opinion is unchangeable. I am ready to confess that I had, before this ridiculous adven ture, a considerable liking for him — ah 1 in fact, 1 might have loved him. But what love could resist a trial of this nature ? The mask had fallen, and the hero vanished.' ' My dear child, the lamented Sir John Denton was anything but an Achilles, and yet you married him.' ' Girls of eighteen sometimes marry for position, power, pique, or — anything but love,' cried the young widow, laughing. ' Let no man attempt to sift the motives of a woman. He cannot do it. The world had something to do with my first wedding. If I enter the connubial state again, it will be to please myself — with your consent, of course, dad,' the laciy added, to soften the seeming independence of her last words. ' I am sorry you have been spoiled, Blanche,' the Colonel answered, playfully pinching her cheek. ' Your union with Holgrove would have afforded me much pleasure. However, do as you please. Yet let me advise you not to leave the ' Dell.' To run away would be exhibiting a sure sign of weakness on your part. Holgrove is a sensible fellow ; he will soon discover that his staying displeases you, hence he will depart before a week be over.' ' Yery well, dad,' said Blanche, rising ; ' but I warn you that if he remains longer, I will leave. Now that we agree, promise to throw that beastly pipe out of the window, and I will send you a new dressing gown from ' Burton's' to-morrow.' Whereupon the veteran took Lady Denton's pretty head between both his hands and kissed her. ' One word more/ he said, as she was leaving the room. ' Since you are in a vein to confess, tell me can didly — Do you love this Captain Yandome ? ' Her arch laugh rang out merrily. ' You have noticed, then, that the Captain admires me V ' she asked. ' Rather, madam ! ' added the Colonel, drily. ' Well, but men are so presumptuous, dad.' ' He in particular, I think. The puppy,' the two last words in a low tone. ' Captain Yandome is not more so than others, father, and I believe he would compel others to "share the good opinion he may have of himself, whether or not.' ' You believe this, Blanche ? ' ' I believe that Ernest Yandome has more real courage in his look, than your friend, Holgrove, has in his whole being.' ' Humph ! Does this mean that you love Captain Yandome ? ' ' Nay ! it has not come to that,' answered she, tossing her head proudly. ' But if such a thing were to happen, would it displease you, sir ? ' ' Do you know him, Blanche ? ' ' His person, yes ; and, I think, his disposition. He is a handsome man, and likely to please a woman. He is conceited ; so are all men. Of his position and family I am totally ignorant.' ' If you have madfe up your mind to marry him, Lady Denton, I have no objection,' said the Colonel. ' But pray, do nothing in a hurry. In the meantime I will try to gain some information respecting his friends and connections. I will write at once to Major Ball.' ' Do so, dad ! Captain Vandome, I am confident, fears no kind of enquiry about himself. Bon jour ! ' CHAPTER IV. fHE first moment Holgrove saw Captain Van- dome he hated him — as the man in love always does the rival he believes to be favoured. Nevertheless, accustomed to con- ceal his feelings, be endeavoured to cover, by studied politeness, the violent antipathy he vrff could not overcome. On the other hand, the elegant and superb Captain had not found worthy of his notice an individual simply clad, circumspect in his manners, expressing himself modestly, and who, to crown all, had arrived in the old mail coach. Both rivals — the one from pride, the other from jealousy — were mutually reserved when the breakfast bell assembled them together ; and the entrance of Lady Denton brought fresh cause of discontent to the man who had sought her hand, and to the presumption of him who was now seeking it. The dashing widow felt an irresistible desire to make Holgrove repent the liberty he had taken in again ap proaching her. It was useless to argue his ignorance of her presence at the ' Dell.' Nonsense ! ' He has not been all this time without enquiring about me,' she thought, ' and there were hosts of people to furnish the information. I suppose he thinks I am like the chameleon ; but I will prove to him that what I refused long ago will not tempt me now. I will make him re member this, while he lives.' The best and safest means to punish him would be through the gallant captain, and Lady Denton lost no time preparing for the strife. Amiable smiles, ex pressive glances, confidential whisperings — in short, all the little attentions a woman can ostensibly grant to one man in order to annoy another, were lavished on Jack Holgrove's rival during the meal, and after it was over. Not satisfied with this, and ignoring the wish of her father, in favour of his guest, the widow opened against Jack one of those drawing-room fusillades which leave to a lover no other resource but to retreat orlo revolt. 4 There are defects in some people which' deserve in dulgence,' she observed, with energy. 4 I can ucder- stand one's forgiving a man's heedlessness, his prodi gality, and all other weaknesses that are not positively disgraceful ; but cowardice is degrading, and to come in contact with it is to degrade one's self. A spend thrift, a libertine, even a gambler may reform ; a coward, never 1 ' It was not the severe words alone, but the brilliant glance, the proud smile, and the sonorous tones of her voice which lent an additional sting to Lady Denton's thrust. The worthy Colonel laughed, blew his nose, wiped his spectacles, moved uneasily in his seat, and went through all the mimic pantomime used by people in embarass- ment. Master Fred Raymond, his eyes roaming here and there, and blushing like the school- boy he was, clenched his fists hard, and glanced at the Captain as if he would quarrel with him. Jack Holgroxe smiled with a mixture of sadness and ironv, but held his peace. 4 My words make you smile, sir ! ' Blanche remarked brusquely, turning upon him her fine dark eyes. ' No doubt you think it very silly that a woman should steem courage and despise cowardice. 4 On the contrary ; it seems to me very natural, Lady Denton,' Jack answered, calmly. 4 A woman ought to prize in a man manly qualities, as we men prefer in a woman sweetness, reserve, good nature — in a word, all the amiable and charitable virtues.' Thrust for thrust. The fencing was not all one sided. 4 If you were attacked by robbers, what would you do, Master Raymond ? ' she enquired, turning suddenly upon the boy. 4 Do, Lady Denton ! ' cried Fred, with a fierce ges ture, ' I would fight them to the death.' Jack Holgrove and the Colonel burst out laughing simultaneously. 4 And you, sir ? ' she added, to the Captain, with a glance of disdain at her father and his friend. 4 Oh, I should act as I have often done in a similar situation,' answered Yandome, with a self-satisfied smile. 4 Now for the miraculous,' muttered Fred. 4 Then you have been attacked, Captain ? ' 4 Certainly 1 People rarely escape such adventures who have travelled,' lie replied. 'The first time such a thing happened to me was in London. I was going home at two in the morning, and I happened to be on foot. The night being foggy, I missed my way. At the corner of an obscure street, three men rushed upon me. I had no weapon — not even a stick to defend my self. I therefore seized one of my assailants, and using the fellow as a cudgel, knocked the others out of time wit i him.' 4 Poor fellow ! ' murmured the Colonel. 4 The rascal was not hurt, I assure you, sir,' responded the Captain. 4 When I had finished his companions, I put him on his legs, gave . him a sovereign, and bade him good-night, as if nothing had happened.' 4 Bravo ! ' 4 On another occasion, while travelling in Italy,' con tinued the Captain, 4 I fell into an ambush of brigands. There were over a dozen of them, armed — and devilish stout fellows they were. But I was determined not to be taken alive. In less than five minutes half their number lay dead around me, and in five minutes more I was master of the situation.' 'Do you mean to say you killed them all ?' asked Fred. 4 Every one, sir, except the leader, who gave me a pair of silver-mounted pistols to spare his life.' 4 Wonderful ! And did you not feel fear in such a situation ? ' returned the widow, whose eyes attested the pleasure she felt at the prowess of her admirer. 4 Fear 1 Lady Denton. I do not understand the word,' he cried, pompously. With the generous motive of lessening the humilia tion which he thought Holgrove must feel at these random shafts, the worthy Colonel said : 4 Captain, Vandome, there are many men whose courage is un deniable who have felt fear. True pluck does not consist in feeling no emotion, but in subduing it. I remember at l'nkerman, when, having fallen from my horse, a whole division of Russian cavalry passed over my body,, I felt frightened. I was afraid of being trampled to dqath.' 4 Come, come, Colonel ! ' broke forth Vandorxie, with an incredulous laugh. ( 4 Oh, you don'trkuow my father's new preteinsions,' said Lady Depi. mockingly. 4 Out of lov -'for his fellows, he/ ltf detAnined to represent himself as a man without YHowever, his- reputation iw such that no one/ him/ f « I \ J Holgrove was next the Colonel, and the word 4 fellows ' so plainly alluded to himself, that the old soldier, not knowing how to shield his friend from further insult on the part of his daughter, rose abruptly. 4 Gentlemen, let us take a turn on the verandah,' he said. The guests rose ; but Lady Denton, determined to torment her victim to the utmost, picked the best rose out of a basket of flowers that stood on a side table, and then ascending to the balcony above, suddenly showed herself to the party walking below. The opening of the French casement caused the visitors to look up. Leaning over the balcony, Blanche smiled, and pointed to the rose in her hand. 4 Who will have it ? ' she cried, inhaling its fragrance to enhance its value. 4 1, madam,' cried Fred, holding out both his hands. 4 Pooh, sir. Do you imagine I am going to throw it to you ? ' returned she, with a mocking air. ' 1 think those who want it ought to take the trouble to come for it.' Fred and the Captain both rushed towards the stair case at the same moment. 4 Fie ! ' cried her ladyship. 4 By the stair ? Fie, fie! ' 4 Where would you have them go ? ' cried the Colonel, in an angry tone. 4 My dear father,' responded the widow, caressingly, 4 when you were their age, instead of asking such a question, you would have had the rose by the window.' 4 Humph ! tiie puss is right,' he muttered. 4 The terrace is scarcely ten feet high.' Without heeding the Colonel, Fred Raymond made a bound against the wall, but was short, and fell back heavily. Captain Vandome, not to be outdone by a stripling, jumped with all his might, but with no better success. Both the rivals, encouraged by Lady Denton's looks and smiles, tried again and again, without reaching the coveted prize. 4 You are not to be tempted to dispute this flower? ' asked the Colonel of Jack. 4 1 have not studied tight-rope evolutions,' my dear Colonel,' he answered. Blanche heard, and bit her lip. 4 Perhaps Mr. Holgrove is afraid he might hurt him self,' she rejoined, sweetly. 4 One fool in a family is sufficient,' he cried readily. 4 There, Fred has won it. Look ! ' The boy, with a desperate leap, had reached the balcony. Lady Denton, not doubting for a moment but that the Captain would be the victor, drew back with ap parent ill-humour at the sight of the youngster. 4 What, you, boy ! ' How did you manage to jump so high ? ' she cried. 4 1 looked at you, madam,' returned the saucy ape. 4 And now you want your prize ? ' she said, with a haughty wave of her hand. 4 Surely a boy cannot find anything to interest him in a flower. I regret I haven't a handsome picture book to give you instead.' Fred took the rose, and passed the stem of it through his button-hole, then descended to the verandah with his fair face as red as the comb of a turkey cock. Save Holgrove, whose impassibility never belied itself, all the others seemed equally displeased with the result of this little event. The Captain's efforts to preserve a tranquil coun tenance, his affected laughter, told that his self-love was hurt at being eclipsed by a mere boy. Lady Denton was displeased — with Holgrove, because she had foiled to annoy him ; with his nephew, for being a forward lad ; with the Captain, who had allowed him self to be beaten by a child ; with her father, for his determined defence of his friend. When a woman thus finds fault with everything and everybody, one may suppose that she is either in love, or crazy. CHAPTER Y. SOME hours after the balcony scene, Captain Yandome and Frederick Raymond suddenly found themselves face to face in one of the many leafy arcades surrounding Colonel Harapstead's mansion. uTM This meeting, unforeseen by one, had been premeditated by the other. The young student of the University had sought the shady retreat to read up — a matter he had honoured more in the breach than the obser vance during his stay at the Dell. Handsome Yan dome was far less pastoral, and not so scholastic. The boy rose somewhat astonished, and attempted to pass, but the Captain placed himself in the middle of the path, and said 4 1 am very glad to meet you: ; I have a few words to say to you.' The student halted abruptly at the arrogant tone of the speaker. 4 What do you want with me, Captain ?'' he replied, coldly. \ 4 To give you advice,' returned the Captain/ looking the lad over, as Sim Tappertit would say. 4 The rose you wear is faded, you will do well to throw it away.' Fred examined the flower which decorated his but tonhole, and eyeing his tall companion with assurance, he responded k 4 You mistake, sir. This rose is as fresh as the check of Titana herself ; and, with or without your leave, I mean to wear it for the sake of the fair giver.' 4 It is withered, I tell you, as this will prove to you.' As he spoke, Captain Vandome gave the full-blown flower a rap with his finger, and its leaves were scat tered about the path. The insult was unexpected, and the boy turned pale, while a visible shiver shook him from head to foot. Captain Vandome smiled jeeringly, and turned on his heel, but the lad caught him by the arm. 4 You are a tall, full-grown, muscular man, sir, but you are nothing better than a bully to pick a quarrel with a boy,' cried Fred spiritedly. 4 Pooh,' retorted the Captain, with contempt. 4 There is always a rod in pickle for presumptuous boys. If yru are not tall enough to take a man's part in war, be content to take a boy's position in love.' Fred Raymond's eyes flashed fire. 4 If I am not able to cope with you with my fists, 1 have courage enough to run a dozen inches of cold steel into your body, Cap tain Vandome.' 4 You insignificant puppy ! dare you crow so loud,' cried the other in wrath. 4 Come, you shall have one caning during your vacation.' And with that, handsome Vandome seized the boy with a firm grip ; yet 'ere he could lift his cane, a strong arm interposed and wrenched it from his hand, while, at the same moment, the gallant Captain measured his length on the gravel walk, by a neat back fall. 4 Now, sir,' cried Jack Holgrove, coolly surveying the warrior, 4 pray turn your attention my way, and leave the boy alone.' 4 So, Mr. Holgrove, you provoke me ?' cried the Cap tain, hoarse with suppressed anger, as he regained his feet. 4 1 do not provoke you,' answered Jack, quietly. 4 1 as the relative and guardian of this boy, only reply, on his behalf, to an insult as brutal as it was cowardly.' Am I to understand you take this quarrel upon your self, sir?' asked the Captain, red in the face. 4 If Captain Vandome can construe my interference on behalf of my nephew into a quarrel, so be it,' replied Jack. 4 1 do, sir, I do,' responded the other quickly. 4 1 have insulted you through your cub of a relation for un warranted presumption, and, therefore, if you have the courage of a gentleman, we will decide this in the usual way.' 4 Certainly I And as soon as possible, Captain.' In that case I have the choice of weapons, and I fight with pistols.' 4 Pistols be it,' returned Holgrove, taking his nephew by the arm, and both moved off towards the house. 4 Uncle, what have you done ?' cried poor Fred. 4 Why did you interfere ? and why did you allow the Captain to choose pistols ? He is a dead shot. I was with him at practice yesterday, and I know he will kill you to a certainty.' Jack smiled. 4 Tell me the cause of your affair with the Captain,' he said. 4 1 saw all that passed between . you, but did not hear a word. Fred explained word for word, and Jack listened with his accustomed calmness. 4 There is, indeed, just cause for a quarrel, I must admit, unless Mr. Vandome chooses to make an apology ' 4 If he went down on his knees, uncle, he shan't get out of it. I'll fight the varmint,' returned> the student, passionately. The lunch bell rang, and the guests met as if nothing had happened to mar the quiet harmony of a country house. The meal being disposed of, Holgrove, who had thought of a plan, said to Colonel Hampfield : 4 Colo nel, will you grant me permission to use your target. As I passed through Wellington, New Zealand, I bought a brace of pistols, which I happen to have with me, and which 1 should like to try.' Lady Denton looked up in surprise, and then burst into a sarcastic laugh. 4 My dear boy, I will go with you this moment,' cried the Colonel, reddening, and attempting to cover his friend. 4 Come along, Captain. You'll join us, of course.' The Captain would have been perfectly happy tete a tete with 4 my lady,' but he gave a ready assent to the invitation. He would show his adversary the sort of a man he had to deal with bye and bye. The master of the house then, conducted his guests to a small court behind the stables. Against one of the walls was a sheet of iron, painted black, in the centre of which a small white figure was stuck on a wire. The Colonel loaded Jack's pistols, and placing him self about forty paces from the target, he fired the first shot. A spot in the iron sheet, about six inches above the figure was the result. 4 I'm afraid these are wretched things,' he said, turn ing to Jack. 4 Perhaps the blame may rest with the shot, and not with the maker,' remarked Vandome, carelessly. 4 Try yourself, Captain.' returned the veteran, smi lingly handing the other pistol, and feeling certain that the exquisite would be discomfited Handsome Vandome took the pistol, and frowning on Jack with an expression prophetic, he carefully steadied the weapon and fired. At the same instant the little ysdiite figure flew into a dozen pieces. <\For eilonial pistols, I pronounce them passable,' he said towards his companions, as if to enjoy their sur3?r8e Holgn ve> no way daunted by this': clever feat, took the piste the Colonel had just reloaded, and said quietly, 4 It,,s my turn now" 'Wait until another figure is placed" returned the veteran. 4 What for, as long as a piece of this one remains ?' answered Jack, with confidence. The merchant took his aim with great care. A mo ment more, and the trunk of the doll joined the rest of its body amongst the rubbish scattered in front of the target. 4 Bravo, Jack !' roared the old soldier, delighted be yond the bounds of courtesy. 4 That was a nice aim, but you cannot do it again, I'll wager.' 4 You would lose, sir,' replied Fred, glancing at Cap tain Vandome. 4 Uncle will do it again as often as you please, once out of twice.' Taking no note of what they said, Jack took another pistol and presented it at the new figure the servant had just placed. 4 1 aim at the head,' he said resolutely. Obedient to the desire of the marksman, the ball dashed against the iron plate where it represented a head. Handsome Vandome tried to smile as the Colonel politely handed him another pistol to try his luck once more. He took the proffered weapon with some constraint. This time, far from affecting careless ness, he adjusted his aim with scrupulous attention ; but his hand, seized with a strange shaking, gave the lie to the dexterity which he had shown a moment before. This time the shot went several inches wide of the figure. 4 Well, Captain, do these pistols still seem as good to you?' Yes ! Certainly,' replied the other, affecting an easy air ; 4 but just now I would miss an ox at five feet dis tance. Whenever I have been fencing, my right arm, the muscles of which have been in active use, shakes so, I cannot keep my arm steady.' 4 Where the deuce have you been fencing to day?' en quired the Colonel. 4 In my room. Every morning I fence against the wall for an hour or so,' replied the Captain, eyeing Jack askance. A very commendable habit,' returned the Colonel, 4 for it is excellent exercise; and then, one maybe drawn into a duel, and it is wise to keep in practice. Fencing in these days is too much neglected in young men's education. If a youth is not crammed with Greek, and the like, he is a victim to cricket, or that outlandish game called football.' 4 Sir, cricket is a noble game,' cried Fred in de fence. The veteran laughed. Of course, boy, I had for gotten. When I was your age I cared nothing for a broken limb in a football scrimmage, or a broken shin at cricket. Gad 1 Old Father Time plays the deuce with us all. Come, gentlemen, we will try a game of bil liards.' After dinner Jack found an opportunity to whisp r in the Captain's ear, 4 Sir, I trust you will not delay the settlement of our little dispute. My stay here is limited. Kindly supply me with the name of your friend,' and the Captain replied 4 There is no hurry, mon cher. You shall hear from me in a day or so. Patience is a good thing in these matters. Have a cigar ? CHAPTER VI. fH AT vast circle of life which keeps for ever re volving round and round with us poor frail mortals — sometimes leaving us despondent at the bottom, and again hoisting us high to the topmost pinnacle — slightly changed the position of our dramatis personoe at the Kpt Dell. 6 Handsome Vandome was silent, meditative, absent-minded. Perhaps he was thinking of the excel lent shooting made at the target by Jack Holgrove ; or, perchance his mind was busy considering how the little affair' between himself and the merchant might be brought about without arousing the suspicions of Lady Denton. Her Ladyship, however, quick to note the change in the manner of her admirer, assumed' her queenly sway, and demanded to know the cause of such rebellion on the part of her hitherto devoted slave. The gallant Captain had expected this, or something to the same tune, from the young widow. Therefore, in stead of replying to her question, he only knitted his brows the more, and remained , silent, a proceeding cer tainly calculated , to arouse greater curiosity in the bosom of his companion. It was in vain that the lady reminded him that he had the character of an agreeable man to sustain. In vain she twitted him with being ill-tempered. The Cap tain was obdurate. She would have dismissed him from her presence, but she had taken a whim to walk to Bay View to visit some poor sick woman, and had selected the Captain as her companion. The Colonel, accompanied by Jaclcand his nephew, had gone out shooting. . 1 The township was not a great distance from the Dell, but the morning being exceptionally fine, the pair made but moderate progress, her ladyship pausing ever and anon to question or tease her sullen swain. 4 1 should very much like to know what pre-occupies you, sir,' she said at length, with soiiie petulance of manner. 4 Madam, you have but to speak, and 1 obey.' 4 Pray cease your compliments, and answer my ques tion.' 4 I'm afraid I shall displease you,' he said, pausing. You have done that already. Do not aggravate the offence by keeping me longer in suspense. Remember, I am a woman.' 4 The whole affair is stupid — monstrously stupid, Lady Denton.' 4 What is stupid, Captain Vandome ?' 4 Why, the- In a word, madam, there is going to be a duel.' 4 A duel ? between whom, pray ?' 4 Your humble servant, and guess.' 4 I am not gifted at guessing,' she rejoined, coldly. 4 Well then, Lady Denton, Mr. Holgrove has thought fit to lay his hands upon my person in a most cowardly and unwarrantable fashion. Hence the pistolio and the ten paces.' 4 Are you serious, Captain ?' she asked doubtfully. 4 Never more serious in my life, madam.' Lady Denton, to the Captain's supreme astonishment, laughed until the tears welled up in her bright eyes. 4 What a rare joke!' she cried merrily. 4 Such a combat will be worth going to see. Ha 1 ha 1 ha ! 4 Madam !' 4 Hector of Troy, and Dogberry with his stave, Titan, and a Launce,' she cried with sarcasm. 4 1 do not understand, Lady Denton.' Of course not,' she said, 4 but tell me all about your quarrel.' 4 It is briefly told. Yesterday Master Raymond, who received from you the rose, for which I would have shed my blood, vaunted his possession before my face in the park. I am but mortal, Lady. The boy provoked me, and ' 4 You surely did not quarrel with poor Fred ?' 4 No ; I was merely about to remind him of the dif ference between us bodily and otherwise, when Mr. John Holgrove appeared on the scene, and without the slightest warning gave me what tbey call in Cumber land a scather.' 4 Indeed !' (in great astonishment.) 4 Fact, Lady Denton. I never got such a clean fall in all my life.' The proud face before him under went a change as quickly and completely as if a paper mask had been suddenly snatched therefrom. But it was only for an instant. The cold sneer came back to the lip, and the mocking light to the eye, as she said 4 And you challenged him on the spot.' 4 Certainly, lady.' 4 That is unfortunate. He will kill you.' 4 It is a soldier's fate.' 4 What 1 to be shot ? Pooh ! You must apologise.' 4 1 do not know how to apologise, lady.' 4 I will teach you,' returned Lady Denton, quickly. 4 There are several reasons why this matter should not proceed. 1st, the quarrel is absurd. 2nd, it originated — as quarrels generally do — through the foolishness of a woman, and that woman being none other than myself, I cannot permit either of you to proceed one step further. And, thirdly, as the Rev. Tomkins Poll says, the British army cannot afford to lose one of its brightest ornaments in the person of Captain Van- dome.' 4 But, dear Lady Denton.' 4 Silence I But me, no 4 buts.' The first duty of a soldier is obedience. We will, for the sake of argu ment, put the case. Here we have a gallant youth, fired with love and duty, obtaining a prize. You are jealous, and would cravenly destroy what you had not the agility to gain. Ergo ! you are the aggressor ; therefore, you must apologise.' 4 What ! to a boy ?' 4 No sir, to the boy's proxy, his agent, his uncle. Once the kinsman takes up the cudgels on behalf of his relative — that relative being under the years of maturity, then the boy, together with the insult, becomes merged into the defender. Ergo, you have insulted Mr. Hol grove and you must apologise.' 4 Lady Denton, I am surprised.' 4 So am I, to learn that Jack Holgrove has had the temerity to provoke a quarrel,' muttered her ladyship under her breath. 4 Now, to sum up,' she continued in the same tone of raillery, 4 1 forbid your meeting Mr. Holgrove, save as a friend. Take care you obey me ; otherwise I shall hate you, and will never see you again.' Such a threat ought to have frozen the heart of a lover, but it had quite the contrary effect on Captain V andome. 4 Very well, madam, I shall obey you,' he replied, with a radiant air. 4 Scold me, ill-use me, punish me ; I deserve it. I grant that we soldiers are hot headed, and rather fond of the flash of a pistol. What of that ? W e can be meek and gentle as lambs at the command of beauty. I cannot say to this man, 4 Sir, I am sorry you were under the painful necessity of tumbling me on the gravel pathway to-day, and I sincerely apologise for my rudeness,' but I will meet my adversary, receive his fire, and then discharge my weapon in the air.' 4 Nonsense, sir. It shall be as I have said.' 4 But what of my antagonist, Lady Denton ?' 4 Mr. Holgrove will obey me,' she answered. 4 In that case my lips are closed,' he cried. 4 Since you wish to exert your power, why do you not prescribe to me, instead of this humiliation, some peril to face, some enterprise worthy of yourself and me. Bid me go; to — — - A, loud, shrill scream from his companion suddenly interrupted his flow of eloquence. The enterprise he had begged so earnestly for was nearer at hand than either he or Lady Denton had dreamed. The pair had reached a thick avenue of trees which had been planted by the Colonel twenty years before, and which formed the boundary line of his estate. To the left a low belt of thick, scrubby ti- tree extended the whole length of the creek. Something crouching in this scrub had frightened Lady Denton. Something she had only seen once or twice in« her life before, and then, although observed under favorable conditions, it had made her shiver with horror. It was a huge, "full-grown Bengal tiger which met her gaze,, There it lay crouching, with ears drawn back, jaws extended, disclosing its terrible strong teeth, its eyes gleaming, defiant, angry, and ready to spring upon her. After that first shriek of surprise and fear, Lady Den ton stood like one transfixed, seeing, and fully conscious of her danger, yet unable to move. Not so Captain V andome. At first sight of the terrible beast, the gal- 1 ant son of war fled to the largest tree in the vicinity, whir1 je climbed with the speed and agility of a monkey. It seemed a whole lifetime to the Colonel's daughter standing there, with the tiger snarling and growling at her. Then she heard a far-off shout, as of a body of men in excited chase after something or other, and the thought came to her that they were looking for the dread thing before her. The beast heard the shout, and moved from his lair nearer his victim. It appeared to her that if she but moved a finger, or turned her eyes for the twentieth part of a second from those burning halls of liquid fire before her, she was lost. Nearer, and nearer yet, it crawled, its ringed body writhing in supple folds like those of a huge snake. And now it crouches low down for a spring, but at that instant there is a flash and a report, and immediately a tall form inter poses between her and the dreaded beast. ' Lady Denton, let me beg of you to retire to a place of safety,' says the voice of Jack Holgrove, as cool and dispassionate as if in the drawing-room at the Dell. The merchant does not turn, hut stands, gun in hand, facing his enemy. Lady Denton is spellbound yet. She sees the tiger roll over wounded, but it is up again on its feet in a second, and bending low for it's spring. Without a quaver in the strong, lithe frame of the man before her, she sees the beast make a sudden bound to wards him, hears again the report at the selfsame in stant, then man and beast are blended together in one inert mass, undistinguishable. ' Bravo, Jack ! that feat was worthy of the great tigerBlayer himself, old ' Bedsawae' of Currypore.' It was the voice of the Colonel, who at the same time assisted Jack Holgrove to his feet from beneath the carcase of the dead man-eater. 1 You are not hurt, my boy ?' ' No, only a scratch or two, Colonel. Pray look to Lady Denton.' Captain Van dome, who had descended from his perch, was already assisting Fred Raymond to convey the young widow from the scene. She was quite in sensible, and had to be conveyed home in that state, and from which she did not fully recover for several hours. In the meantime the shouts which had been heard away towards the township, grew nearer, and presently a small body of men, armed with guns, axes, forks, &c.;, appeared on the scene, followed by many small urchins and women. Then the mystery of the wild brute being found there was explained. A circus company with a menagerie attached had ar rived at Bay View that morning, and, while getting the cages in order for exhibiting, the tiger had escaped. The proprietor of the circus, glad that no one had been seriously injured by the accident, accepted a cheque from Jack Holgrove for twenty pounds for the loss of his beast, and the affair became a three day's wonder to the gossiping folks in the vicinity. (To he continued.) 