PASTORAL LETTER. ahe following letter from His Lordship the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide was read in all the Catholic Churches in the colony on Tue Pastoral Letter of Christopher Augustine, by tbe Grace of God and favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Bishop of Adelaide, to the Clergy and Laity of tho Diocese. Health and benediction in tha Lord. Dearly Beloved in Christ— Ever mindful o{ the trust Riven by our Blessed Saviour Jesus Christ to the successors of St. Peter, our Holy Father Leo XIII. desires to bring the saving tidings of salvation to the poor benighted tribes of Africa, South America, ana Northern and Central Australia. To these portions of our vast colony we wish to call your attention, and to seek your charity iu aid of the new mission about to be established for the poor neglected aborigines. We have ever felt it as a reproach that nothing had been done in this Dioceso for those poor souU ' who are in darkness and in the shadow of death.' We do not mean to attach blamo to those who have pone before us, for we aro well aware that the heart of the Venerable Francis Murphy, first Bishop cf this Diocese, waa often moved to establish a special mission for the evangelization of the tribes of this colony, of the efforts he mule in the Tatiara dis trict, and of bis endeavours to secure missionaries for the work. The exod us of our people consaquent on the opening of tbe gold-fields of Victoria soon frustrated all his hopes of undertaking the wo*, but on his death-bed he prayed that the mission would not be forgotten. From time to time some thing was attempted, but the demands of th» new settlements were so pressing on the limited staff of priests tliat very little was accomplished ; but from the success of the late Father Henterocker's little mission near Clare we liad every reason to hope that much could be done had we an organized bind of missionaries to continue the good work. Whilst, however, this Diocese ha-l not been fortu nate in the efforts made, the Church in the other Australian Dioceses was signally blessed in the establishment of missions to the native3. That of Moreton Bay, under the Passionist Fathers, Maurice Lcnsioni and Joseph Snell, had done much until their efforts were frustrated by the selling of thu land adjoining, the settlement, when, alas! the ' whito 'man's habits and selfishness brought de struction in their wake.' ?.,.?. The organisation of the Spanish. Benedictines in Western Australia, under the auspices of the Mer. Brady, first Bishop of Perth, has been blessed with the '.most consoling results. Bishop Rndesendo Salvado has brought the native missions of Victoria Plains to such a state that it warrants us in tho hope of the like success where settlements aro made for mission purposes ;far away from the influences of settlers, who too often l-y tneir sad example blight the efforts of the:most zealous and self- sacrificing missionaries. ' ... .- . In March, 1S40, Bishop Brady was appointed Vicar-Apostolic of the settlement at Port Essington. HescntrhtherAngclo Confalioneri, together with tlio Catcchists, Messrs. James Fagan and Nicholas Uogan, to attend to the spiritual wants of the settlers, and to establish a Native. Mission in that country which now forms our Northern Territory The' vessel was unfortunately wrecked off Torres Straits. Father Confalioneri and the captain were the 60le survivors of ' that expedition; For three years this holy missionary laboured single-handed for the poor natives. He has. left much valuable information about their capacity for instruction, and the prospect of an organized effort for their civilization. ? He fell a victim to his hard labours in 1S19, and with' hini ended the mission of Port Essington. The appointment of a Bishop, it is true, was made for Port Essington in 1851, but the Home Government decided upon the aliandonmeut of that settlement, and tbe Bishop and party were destined for other fields of labour. Wo have ever felt, dearly beloved, in Christ, a great interest in tbe Native Mission of North and Central Australia. The reports of the various noble explorers sent out by this colony since 1S59 have impressed us more and more with our responsibility to make some effort for the poor neglected abori gines. In our recent visit to Borne we met tho venerable missionary, the Rev. Duncan McNab, whose labours have been so fruitful in the colony of Queensland. His reports of tbe visits made to the confines of our colony towards the centre of the continent not only endorse all that others have . ?written of the tribes, but give the additional as snrance that a mission awaits the Church in that portion of our pastoral care. With the band of priests heretofore at our disposal we could not think of undertaking such a work. After long aud prayerful consideration the Vicar of Christ exhorted us to' make an effort to secure aid from some of the reb'giour Orders to help us in tlua work. He pray ing at the same time that ' Uort might bless the undertaking, and reward those who would aid us spiritually and temporally iu so holy an under taking; for tho greater glory of God and the salva tion of souls.' We rejoice, therefore, in makina known to you that God has graciously blessed the beginning of our efforts. The Fathers of the Socioty of Jesus have taken up the mission ; nay, more, .that the Diocese of Adelaide is singularly favoured in bavins; from its priesthood those who are so willing to sacrifice themselves for an undertaking so full of labour and trials. The Very Eev. Antony Strole, who has laboured so piously in this Diocese for the past fourteen years, ia appointed the 'Superior of the New Mission. The Hev. John E.-'Niebaur, the zealous pastor of St. Mark's, Port Pirie, has also been accepted for the work.. In the steamship Amaia we expect the Eev. John Francis O'Brien, a native of our City of Adelaide, together with two young Australians, who have also engaged for tho said holy work of our Nativo Mission. . We aie not, dearest brothers in Christ, unmindful of the exceptions that some may take to this effort to bring the graces of our holy religion to the poor neglected savage ; nor of the cry of the ' many calls made for the establishment of our churches, con vents, p.nd schools ;' nor the unfavourable seasons from which we liave been suffering— the recent visi tation of a portion of the North has familiarized us with the severe trials by which a number of our people have been afflicted ; nor are we insensible to specious pretexts made use of, to try and justify our neglect of those poor souls to save whom Je3us Christ Our Lord died. Such motives and reason ings, how specious soever we may think them, will not stand at His judgment seat. Let us not, there fore, be deceived by them in neglecting a duty in cumbent upon us as a Christian people. We, therefore, confidently appeal to your charity, and ask your aid to establish this ilimon ; our con fidence is from God, who has begun the good work, and will bring it to a lmppy completioa We are confident, because ive appeal to you 'in the name of Jesus Christ Our Lord.1' If you have much, give abundantly ; if but little, give also a little. Theoutbtof the missionaries, passages, farming implements, &c;, necessnry for a settlement, will be at once required, as it is desirous to start ere the rainy season sets in. We purpose, for somewhile, at least, to make the neighbourhood of Port Darwin a centre of operation, then towards the Ledwick River, and thence we hope to keep communication with tbe Mission of Western Queensland, which places are looked upon as eood centres of the tribes. But tnis is a mere preliminary plan, that circum stances may cause to be changed as soon as the Missionaries enter on their work. To meet these requirements we direct by these letters Very Hev. and Rev. brethren of the Clergy to arrange for a collection at each of the Masses in their respective churches and school chapels on the third Sunday after Easter, feast of the patronage of St. Joseph, and ask them also to appoint collectors to receive tho names as well as the alms of the faithful, tliat the names of such benefactors may be kept in the records of the mission for the evange lization of tbe aborigines. We direct these letters to be read in all the churches on Low Sunday and following Sunday, in those places where it may be necessary, and request the clergy to aid our efforts by explaining the nature of such undertaking, and exhorting their flocks to almsgiving. Our Holy Father, Pope Leo, has sent us a special benediction on the new -work. May the Grace of our Lord Jesus be with you, and the charity of the Holy Ghost. Amen. I CHRISTOPHER AUGUSTINE, Bishop of Adelaide. Octave of the Resurrection of Our Saviour, 13S2. 