;.0 A Venetidn OhoaTStorf. ~ -?'awr-'-- ? * ? ... GUhe Vallo det 6ette Morti the; re u af;tory current among the gondoliers and fishehnen. There were six men fishing once in this 'Valle' of the Seven Dead. They had with ifaem a j little boy, tbe son of one of their band. The 1 boy did not go fishing with his father, but 1 stayed behind to take care of the h'nt, and to I cook tnefnealsfor the men when tney returned. He spent the nights alone in the cabin, for mostof the fishing was done between sunset and sunrise. One day, as the dawn was beginpipg across the water, the men stopped their-fifhing, and began to row home with their load as usual. As they rowed along they met the body of a drowned man -going out to -sea with the tide. They picked the body up, and laid it on the prow, the bead resting upon the arm, and rowed on $]owty to the hut. The little boy was watching for them, and went down io the ertgo of the canal to meet tbem. He saw the body cf the seventh man Wing on the prow, but thought he *as asleep. So wbeo the boat camc near, he cried to his father, ' Breakfast ie ready ; come along!' and with that he turned and went back to the hnt. The men followed the boy, and left the dead man lying on the prow. When they had eat do»n tfee boy looked round and said : 'Where is the other man ? Why don't you bring him into breakfast, too V * Oh ! isn't he here V cried one; and then addel, with a laugh: JYou had b tter go and call him ; he must be asleep.' Tbe boy went down to the canal and shouted, .* Why don't you come to breakfast ? It is all ready for you.' Bot the man on the prow never moved nor answered a word. So the boy returned to the hut and aaid, ' What is the matter with the man, he won't answer.' 'Oh/-eaid they, 4 he is a deaf old fool. You most-shout loud and'swear at him. The boy went hack again and cried, 'Come along, you fool, the oLhcrn ?re writing for you/ Bot the man on the prow never moped nor answered a word. Then the boy ran hack to the htrt and said, ' Come oue of you, for I cant wake him up.1 But tbey laughed and answered, 'Go out again and shake him by the leg ; tell him we can't wait till doomsday for him.' The boy went down to the water once mo- e. He got into the boat, and shook the man by the leg. Then the man turned, and sat on tbe prow, and aaid to the boy, ' What do yon want ?' Why on earth don't you come ? Are they all to wait till doomsday for you?' 'Go back and tell them that I am eomine.' So the boy went baek to tho hut, and found the men laughing and jokine. ' Well 1 what did be Bay ?' they cried. 'It is all right,' answered the hoy, 'he eays he is coming.' The men turned pale and looked at one another, and Bat very still e nd laughed no moro. Then out side the door they heard footsteps coming slowly up the path. The door was pushed open, and -the dead man came in, and eat down in the. biy's place, the seventh at the table. But'each sat with his eyes fixed upon tbe seventh, their guest, they could not move or speak. Their gazs was fastened -on the dead mnn's free. Their blood flowed cbillcr and chiller ia their veins till, as the sun rose and flashed along the lagoon, there were sevrn dead men sittiog round the ta'»le iu the room — Pall Mall Gazelle. 