■ - (PUBLISHED DAILY). ; vEohcca : Monday, Acgust 14,: 1882. ! Tjie turmoil, bustle, and intrigues of the i annual elections for-municipalities is over, and, so far as we can learn with respect to our own district, , the results . hiive given satisfaction—-to the successful candidates at any rate, if not to ■ the groat bulk of the ■ratepayers.:-.■ As might be expected oiv all such occasions, there are a few dissatisfied, more especially those who, after having toiled to lay. before the electors their views, and left no stone unturned and no device uutried'to secure the coveted seat, find that- they reached - within cooee, as it were, but failed. In our more immediate locality, and the one in which the people of Echuca are more deeply interested, tli'e infusion of new blood-will.be of-consider able advantage, as opening up fresh lines .of thought in. the discussions, and licit leaving the business to be disposed;of by a few, who -having got. in a certain groove, ■ seeui as chough they could never go- beyond it. Diversity of opinion will bring out the true merits of any propose tiori, and as during the. ensuing year many 'matters of the utmost importance to the. ;well-being of Echucii must necessarily be brou'ght, forward^ it is "absolutely esssntial they should be so 'discussed, without fear and without favor, as. to enable the public not only to judge of their merits, but also of the qualities of their representatives, j whom they have elected to look well after | their interests. And foremost amongst these questions, is that of the Water Sup ply to the town. Hitherto the council have allowed themselves to be swayed over and adopt schemes without duly con sidering the results, or even (inquiring into the varied do-tails, with a view to making themselves thoroughly 'conversant with tii.:; facts and figures of the position assumed. Too much has been taken tor granted,and what has been the result ?—a tar-seeing ratepayer, who has evidently made the subject- ins study, dives beneath the flhnsv surface, and discovers dotVei s mid ■•"ippruvntiy so palpable tli.-it. wlir-n in' liiasii; tho;n known, ifc compietuly slag#-red »rivoii t-h»i most nsl-utt* of th« TL.iv.-cvdr, it ir; not our wish at the present moment lo enter into .I'di^cns :-;ion <ii tlits ni'-riiri or demerits of wlua i:is d or what is proposed to !>e <i >ne, but >!j:j;jito point out the ituport mk:>; of the '...vt'.i-r.j already on the i ;ind which, to some oxcc.nt, have caused a stir in the bnro'Uf'i and lite council. Then there is th-'s matter or bridging tho Ca:u paspe in localities snliable lor the require ments »i the reiident: on «hejwesteru si do of that river. This question has long been before the council, and both the Mayor and Or. Moore have, brought it for-. ward regain, when 110 doubt it will be ! finally dealt with. But there is another | mutter of great importance to the statu:; ot the town, and also io tho shire v.hien has to be dvak v; uU-—that is the election of the Mayor of i!ie borough and the President of the shu'e, ami neither of these can be properly decided without a careful study of tho status and qualifica tions of the gentleman whom it is pro posed to elect. The credit of tho muni cipality lias to be sustained, and its posi tion maintained with dignity and honour, so that it shall obtain from tho high-go verning powers ail that it iseiiti'lel to, and be met with that respect and atten tion which its importance demands. To day the council of Ecluu'a will uieet for the purpris ! or' eh-jting the Mayor for the ensuing year; •>', e have not. heard with any distinctness ou whom the mantle is likely to fai1, but we believe there are two or three aspirants who have been feeling their , way. However, it is to be hoped tho choice will fall upon one whose integrity is unquestioned, and whose sole purpose will be the interest of the town, one who will be unflinching in his course of action whmi right demands it. and suf ficiently skilful to direct the councillors, and main tain tho dignity ot his position with credit to himself and to thecrodit of the 1 council.' Such a man is to be found. With regard to the Shire Council thov do not j elect their- President till Tuesday, "2:2nd inst., and there should be Very little diffi culty in deciding the question satisfactorily Hitherto it has, We understand, been the custom to elect tho President from the ridings by turn, although sometimes this course has been deviated from. Last .year the..,North- West Riding was nomi .natecl,' but' Awing to the defection' of one of the j members it weiit to the South east; this year it is (0 be hoped. thsta will be a lina'ninlouS vote ior tlie North-west aiding," so that .it', nlay receive, that con sideration in the deliberations- of "the Council .which 1 its: 'importance demands. It is not our province at this juncture to indicate who should fill that important; .position, .'. but, merely to- point out as we. •ihave'.-doao:- .with- regard, to the borough, 'that it isv-'theu'duoy of the councillors to elect a gentleman -of integrity, merit, aiid herve—-able and- linn enough1 to niaintain the dignity of tho Council.^ . We.shalLhave .inoi-e.to.say on this subjectbefoi'9 tho day •• of election, • . Election.' OF-Mayor; Tlie Bijrpijgli C.ouncil moot thjs/ulbnliti£ sit 10 o'clock, for the "ensuing year. ' ' ; • ,-.v Shipping. Notes.—There \v pro. no -arrivals ajr; departures <>n Saturday." "-The''river';.con-, tinned to rise till the afternoon, when it; at tained close'on' 19 • foot ; subsequently it showed indications of falling,and at sundown it wasony.lSfeet? inches. .1 This Moira and SouTk-Wssi? RrniNds..— Owing to a.mispriut in the ballot papoi;s of the Moira Riding, tho names of one of the candidates being given as 3ugh M'Kinnon instead of Duncan M'Kliimon; tile election has been decktod void, and a fresh polling will take place on 4th _ September. For the South-west Hiding Mr. Watson has been returned1 by a majori'y ofl22i : _ Echuca AGiuOwtLtliA.!; Society—A m'oofc inL^rif the ootiiiiUftbe of the Echuca Agricul turitl and P.-istoml Society was held ac the Commercial' Hotel on Saturday afternoon, but tho,business, was cohiincd to appointing jiidges for the forthc-.>mi;:^ sli'dAV. ; L'adkch. —tho past- tliree months Mr. ; WestorgiVard, the well-known boat builder of Jiloama,has been engaged in the construction of one or th'e.; largest barges which, has over done duty ou the'Mu rray. ThisboAt Ms ttfuL to the order of Mr. RaiklaH-, And wa3 to be attached to tho sterner Ariel, more especially to bo iSAed in tho Qoohva and .Lower Murray trade to South Australia. The beautiful linos \<m \yhicli.it was drawn,: and tile .admirable manner in . which; .it is finished, were tile theme of. adnuration, b£ all fr'fid \V\ti,o>sed the c^noiien\ont 6A SAtiUVliVy, and while 011 • the; stOeK) Uid.3G who saw her pronouueed thitt alltMvould bo tlio lightest .and bust load Carrying barge-on the river. It had .been announced that the lauuch would take place at 4 o'clock, and for some time prior to that' ,a number ol invited guests were in the yard inspecting the boat and tho promises.. There was also.a crowd 011 the end of the wharf. ' opposite the building yard. ''.Punctually to the time named', the chocks: were removed, : .the signal given, the last, holding rope cut, and the vessel glided gracefully down tiie "•Ws," ; and,entered her ""future element with ii considerable splash, but with Very little, of the . shock which is usually felt on such occasions; At tho moment of tho first .motion downward,; Mrs. Smithets performed tlio ceremony of.^christening the " Alice" in tlte usual orthodox manner by smashing a battle of Ifo. 2 over the bows. Three checu's were then given . for .the success of. the boat and its owners. Mr. Adams and Mr; Sinithers, who were 011 board during the •launch, say.Sthat there was not the slightest 1 jolt or strain during its. .continuance, but owing to the'height of .tho river, it was most easy of accomplishment. The boat after leaving the ways'-glidcd over to the lichuca side of the river, where, owing to the slack ing of;the a-opei she ran full "tilt; against the bank,, but fortunately \iio, damage was done. She is 120 ft;- in'length;with 20ft. beain,: an. "only drew 5}inches..for'ard and 10.V in.' aft. Subsequently a "few invit'ed: ghosts met at Mr.- ,Wcstergaard's.office, wliere.the health of the builder, and of the owner, was drank. We j understand that to-day the -keel of a boat will be laid by Mr. Westergaard, to be built to the order of Mr. J. H. Brown, to be 100 feet long, and a jiroportionato -wulth. From this ic would appear that some boatowners.j still have faith in the continuance of the river trade of Echuca, notwithstanding the croak ings we hear from time to timo that it; is done, never to rise again! ' The Victoria Insurance Company.—... The third annual report anil, balance- sheet of tho 'Victoria Insurance Company (Limited),' has been issued, from which it appears that tlm amount standing to the crodit of profit is £56,42-4 4s. 10d.. out of which a dividend is j declared of 10s. per share, tho amount re maining to be carried forward. Ljhuca • Hosi'ii'Atr.—We have received from ;vlr. H. Englobart, of Moama, a guinea' in aid of tho funds of the Schuca Hospital.' The collector will please call. ' Skuiouu Aouidbni oS tkb MaRnoMBiDCB. —The Hay correspondent of the Anjiis telo gr.ipn-i :—A serious accident occurred on Thursday evening, on the Murrumbidgee, a few utiles from Hay. The steamer Emily Jane, Captain Bu;«a, was lying moored to the bank u^itii her dingy alongside, when t.lie j steainei: Maggie, Cajjtain Thei1;;:, from Hay j to .beouca, was seen approaching at fnii ' speed. 'J'iie captain of the Emily .fane, see- ' ing the dingy iu danger, ;uul naturally sup- ; posni'/ tll:ic the won!'! slow :is! s!iu passed, or:u:i'ed two boys to i.'iuMV tlio din'_;v This still c-i'iic (in .".t full spout!, and t!io b.>;-s, i'ut ili^y 31'»t ciaiv array J.Jio <!in_rr in tiiw, m:i l.' :m t.• 11"11't to icoi li.i'.vc oil t<> r.h«:r " :.'ii :ir, Use Emily .iano, m: i oi::'oi" torn v \:t •"'! :'.ii i the ;:!'r. Tito tin?"!'! ■ i■ i.-i1 • !>•>;.• !!1U :;ft ;v:u c:> if,' f !i-t '*! :< HI i roll-.; t i'oliii I ;i;i s*o-i:: = I :ho r.'.v.i .''•tciiincrs. Tii-j iiiiiLiV, hi i;ii■::-h.-d iii tiioins, the poor boy ">i-> <'iv, i.ii'o'ly injilfoil. Thy 7'. 1;^i:J w:n a.-sUtrl Co i-ik : tins injuiMil lad baok to tha ibr-' • i.f>3;^\, biu (Inclined, sin-1 tvotit na to ji.,-;n.v i, .t;i■ 1 :h i 15mih' J.uio brou ght up th'j poor jyilov.-, who uo'.v iios at tho hospital with^jus'luiis and arms brokun, and no doubt iiifcevrtully injured as well. 