THE SKETCHER. HOW WE SPENT THE NIGHT WITH THE PROFESSOR, THE SUR VEYOR, AND THE PARSON CROSSING THE DESSERT. [By One of Them.] A night journey by coach over a rough bush road is both wearisome and painful. You cannot sleep, for the jolting would waken up one of the Seven Sleepers. You cannot read for there is not enough light. You find ou how many hones you have to be bruised, and set yourself to bear with grim patience what you cannot escape from, and pass the time in anticipation of the welcome halts when horses are changed and refreshments pro cured. But all is different if you have com panions in the coach who can talk well and dispute without ill- temper. We had such companions this week when coining to Adelaide. We were all strangers who had been brought together by different lines of coach and rail. The labels on the Professor's boxeB, placed amongst our feet, were so large that we did not need any other information, for we had read of bim in Press notices and advertisements, both in New Zealand and Victoria* We also got hold of a newspaper with a notice of one of his earliest appearances here in South Australia. We made out another of our companions to be a surveyor, but the parson was not so easily detected. He listened to the talk of the reBt, and said nothing for a while. The surveyor evidently was very sceptical as to the reality and value of phrenology, or classed it as a pseudo-science. The Professor set to work to expound, and soon made con verts of all of us. Evidently he was a very different ProfeBsor to those so called, who open a small Bhop and read heads at half a crown—men without professional^ education or anatomical knowledge. He said that the London Phrenological Institute required its members or FeUo ws to be holders of a surgical diploma, and we at once inferred that he was so qualified, afterwards he told us that he was, and practised as consulting and operating surgeon wherever he went. la Melbourne he had removed a dry tumour from the head of one who came up to test his powers as phrenologist. Performing the whole of the operation there a .id then 1 before the audience he described his method of workingontheplatform during his lectures. Men from the audience were gathered upon the platform and named. He delineated their characters from their faces and physical appearance. This description was written down under the given names, and the men retired whilst the Professor was blindfolded. Then they returned, and the Professor ex amined their bumps, standing with his back towards them, and his hands stretched out behind him. He said that the character which he read from feeling them thus always tallied with the one already written on the charts, and he could name each one correctly by the coincidence. This proof of his power and knowledge is a most remarkable one, and goes far to prove the correctness of phrenology. He told us that, unlike other lecturers on phrenology, he said nothing in public about men's had qualities or weak nesses. Such information was reserved for private consultations, and his stories of these almost looked like superhuman demonstra tions of insight. For instance, a swell enters—"Ah-h, you-a m PwnfnoeAi«y' ** Voo o4» vauw anmnnn " T the Professor r' " Yes, at your service. " I ah do not-ah believe that yours is a science, but I would like to test it." The Professor looked at him and said, " If I am to do you any good you must answer me truthfully, then I may help you and advise you." The swell looked rather disturbed, butpromised. " When were you in gaol last ?" Tne patient did not like mental probing, and stormed and protested against such an insult, but finally listened to his adviser's arguments, and con fessed that he had left gaol after serving six months for stealing just before he emigrated from England. The great value of insight like this is seen when children and youtbs are examined. Warning as to evil tendencies may then be available for practical training. Exact ad vice as to professional education can be given which may save from lifelong disap pointments, and aid in the development of powers of the greatest service to the indi vidual and tho community. In the Phreno logical Institute at San Fraucisco children are trained according to their qualities and 1 capacities, and placed in the places where they can best work and serve their fellow-i _ Much of human arrangement in all profes- | sians and trades defies the principle of the selection of the fittest, and is as though we harnessed the thoroughbred to a bullock dray and brought a Clydesdale on to the race course. If the Prolessor succeeds in awaken ing attention to the subject, and promoting here institutions similar to those In Europe and America, a future generation will re member his work with gratitude. He said he had the largest collection of skulls, some 2,000 in all, and intended to make a large exhibition from them in Ade laide^ He illustrated much that he said by show ing us the skull of a murderer, and as the night was closing in with weird shadows and ghost-like trees around us, we wero glad to change the subject for a while. " It is a dreary country that we are passing through?" " True, it is ; hut there must be a lot of fertility m the soil to support so much vege tation, said the surveyor. "The vegetation iB worthless." " Well, it may not always be." Look at those grass-trees; they are rich in juice like that of the sugarcane. A man in Sandhurst has a patent for making sugar and molasses from them." " Indeed!" "Yes; and those dwarf honeysuckle are wonderfully rich in a pure, though thin, honey. I have seen a black lubra shaking it from the tops of the yellow cones in large drops, and in the course of a day gathering a great lot—two quart' billys' full. " Well done, you have changed the sub ject. But now for a more interesting one— what shall we get for supper ? For yonder are tbe lights of the hotel. Try and guess." " Chops, but no steak." " Mutton rissoles." " Eggs and bacou." " Corned beef." " Tinned fish." The list was agreed to by all, and, behold, we had nothing of the sort, but the most unusual dishes ever seen in the bush—fresh fried fish that had been caught that after noon and roast ducks. All confessed tbat these were the very last one would expect at a bush hotel. Z After supper on the road again recitations became the order of the night. The sur veyor gave " There was a sound of revelry by night" and " To be, or not to be, that is the question," and the parson "The Heathen Chinee" and the tale of Mr. William from the Bab Ballads, and then returned to our talk. The Professor had known London J when lie was a student of surgery there. | King's College Hospital brought us to Fleet street and its crowd of spots, haunted by memories of the great English literati— Of Marlowe, Beaumont, Fletcher, Ben, Whose free hearts sowed our furrows, when The world was worthy of such men. Over the "mighty heart" of Loudon our memories wandered. From the Old Tabard Inn to glorious Minster in the west, the dead, "silent, low, and pale," and the sad lives to look hack upon, the awful endings of the erratic courses of genius, by the bowl or the knife, brought up the question of suicide and phrenology. "Ib a man sane who commits suicide?" " He may be quite sane, but the shocking cases of the suicide of men of genius and scientific research, like Admiral Fitzroy and Hugh Miller, shows that the brain is taxed up to a point where it must give way." "They are men of great concentrative brain power, else no such thing as a suicide would be possible." " Whenever we turn to science we find firm ground to stand upon—fact, truth." "Ah," said the surveyor, "so many now are contented with falsehoods, old dogmas." " That is what drives us away from the churches, because instead of giving us facts, a scientific basis for faith, they give dogmatic assertion. If you do not believe this or that you will be lost." "There has always been antagonism be tween science and religion." The Professor and surveyor, had got on a course now where they could run, as it were, in double harness. Their ideas coincided. The [parson, however, broke in with a sweep ing assertion." " Parsons have done more for the cause of science in every department than any other body of the professional men not specially devoted to scientific pursuit." "That," said the surveyor, "iBan assertion that only has value, as you are able to Bay what the parsons have done for science." "Baron Mueller, of Melbourne, has a lecture on the subject whenever he gives a brief notice of every clergyman who has rendered special service to science. It is a very remarkable catalogue." "Ah," said the ProfeRsor, "that is true, hut at the same time such a large num or are so ignorant that what we said is also true." "That is causing Christianity to lose its hold upon the people, so that nineteen out of twenty men have no faith in it at all." The parson eombattcd this assertion, but the surveyor would not withdraw it, "He , said the men who paid the pew-rents and were on the Boards of Management did not believe it." " They have no sympathy with the teaching; they do not believe that God who made men is' jealous,_ exacting, vindictive, and ciuel, as Christianity teaches." "You know no more of Christianity than you do about the far side of the moon," blurted out the parson with excessive rude ness. "Oh, thank you, this is a nice style of dis cussion. "Well, you entirely misrepresent the Gospel when you assert that it reveals a vindictive God." "Well," said Mr. Surveyor. "Tell us what Christianity does teach. Suppose we know nothing about it, and wanted to know in just a sentence what it teaches." " Well, I would say this," said the parson slowly. "It teaches about God, reveals Him, makes Him known; that He made you, cares for you, loves you, and desires to nave you knowing Him, made like Him, and with Him—that is, living in nnion and harmony with Himself." Ab he paused he reiterated, " That is the Gospel.'-' " I never heard the teaching of Christianity put in that way before." "That is beautiful, and what we believe, but it iB different to the teaching of Chris tianity." Said the parson—"To make known God is the purpose of Christianity, as JesuB Christ says:—' This is life denial to know Thee, the only true God by Jesus Christ whom thou baBt sent.'" " Where is the difference then?" " I know no difference if a man is wanting to know the truth. His very doubt is faith. He wants to know truth, not a creed or a dogma, but the eternal reality. There lives more faith in honest donbt, believe me, than in half the creeds." 