RELIGIOUS DEBT. Nothing more conclusively shows the dis- respect into which religion has unhappily fallen in these days than the fact that the ad- jectival form of this word is found, in the doubtful company of such a reprobate term as Debt. If, for the adjective a the heading of this article, we were to substitute any of its supposed equivalents, such as "sacred,", "holy," "righteous," and the like, the an- omaly would be too glaringly transparent, to be winked at as it is now, and the outraged sensibilities of the Christian Church would protest against such an incongruous and com- promising association of ideas. Imagine, "holy" debt passing current from the lips of the pious. Imagine grave elders and spec- tacled reverends discussion righteous, long- standing balances. Imagine august doctors of divinity puckering their saintly brows and tinkering away laboriously at hopelessly-in- volved problems of Church finance; and you will be inclined to cry with the "twelve": "It is not meet that these should leave the word of God and serve tables," and with Peter, "the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God"! The worst of it is, that this is not imagination, but sober, serious truth, as attested in scores and hun- dreds of cases now in active operation in the so-called Christian Church. Let us look a little narrowly into this mischief, and we shall find that there lurks at the root of it a gross misconception of the responsibility of corporate Christian action. The old adage runs: "Corporations have no conscience;" by this is implied, we suppose, that the vir- tues of individual and private character are not necessarily carried into a public career; and, therefore, that a man may be said, under this hypothesis, to be possessed of a divided nature — a duplicate identity, as it were — showing one kind of conscience for the fire- side and another for the committee; one style of demeanour in private relations, and a different style altogether when engaged in a collective and representative capacity. Strange and incongruous as this perversion of the later ego may seem to be, it is, never- the less, a fact of common and familiar expe- rience. We are personally acquainted with men who, in their simple capacity as private xcitizens, show themselves amenable to every law of honour, justice, and humanity - easy, accessible, generous, impulsive — but who discount their virtues almost to the point of extinction when temporarily translated into the region of public and corporate responsi- bilities. The history of municipalities, of diplomacy, of politics, and of government generally, is fruitful of examples in illustra- tion of this fact; and the story of royalty in all ages abounds with instances of crowned anomalies, concerning whom their interested apologists can only say, with a detestably bad logic, that the were "good men but bad kings." Our readers will perhaps remember the tone of merciless scorn with which Lord Macaulay, in one of his "Essays," refutes this absurd and highly dangerous fallacy, and we only allude to it en passant just to shew how the vicious principle of an assumed double moral identity has entered into our public life generally, and into our church life in particular. But to the more immediate topic of this paper : How comes it to' pass that! debt, which is so . repugnant to the indi vidual .conscience, is aocepted by what Dr. Huntingdon calls, the " social conscience" without any demur or felt sense of wrong ? How happens it that the apostolic injunction, ";owe no man anything," does not appeal to tiei honour of the Church collectively aswell asl to the honour of its individual members ? We. fear that the answers to these questions are to be found in av just, appreciation1 'of the difference that . lies , between the i mere pro fession and the genuine confession ofChrist' before men. It is comparatively easy lo:" pub on. the Lord Jesus" and to bear His cross jauntily amid the uncritical sanctities of the domestic circle, but it is a muoh more difficult thing to sustain the character of a Christian, and to dare to be singularly good, when called upon to act with :our fellow-men, to listen to their qualified conceptions of reli gious duty, and to endure, it may be, for Christ's sake, their misunderstanding, suspi cion, reproach and ridicule. It is one thing to sing in our pleasant retirement : "I'm not ashamed to own my Lord and to defend His cause,"- and it is. quite another thingito exposed this .noble sentiment to the glare of commorii day,.and to lend no encouragement, either by.- our. silence or by our want of. moral courage,' to anything that may cast a slur upon that! cause, and compromise its. holy,- righteous! character. If this reasoning be correct (and we see. no reason to question its correctness) r the: phenomenon of religious debt is one .of the large class of modern ecclesiastical ano- malios, which owes its genesis to that uncon scious but clearly perceptible lowering of the moral standard which individual virtue in its weak enthusiasm and spurious modesty un dergoes when brought into contact with a merely nominal Christian society. The. spiritual 1 leaven, instead of " leavening .the whole lump," is itself assimilated to that- lump, and so it comes to pass that what, should have been a fellowship and: co- opera-, tion . pf sterling Christian hearts, .-becomes a. mere partnership in worldly and unrighteous expediency,. It does not surprise us (in the. least that the miserable system of contracting religious debt should be followed up and borne out by an equally miserable system, of .wriggling, and . scrambling out of it. Without passing too sey.ere. ti judgment on bazaars, fancy: fairs, lotteries, and , that latest modern mania, " Ye Englyshe Fayre of Ye Olden Tyme," we cannot but regard thiB eccentric and flippant divergence from, apostolic precept and prece dent as symptomatic of an exceedingly low spiritual vitality on the" part of, the churches, &c;'.:,' with which it stands connected. If the churches that patronize this irregularity could plead poverty in every instance ; if. it could; be shown that they . had fairly exhausted all1; legitimate methods of , paying off their ,lia-! tiilitihs ; if they were at the last push for, want of' funds, and could devise no more scriptural means of raising them, then there, might be Some ground of 'excuse; for an inno- y'aliqri-yb'o ; utterly.' distasteful to the .more! thoughtful of' ihe community. But ; it' is'. not. soln'Th 'these days it is hastily and gratui tously taken for granted that the old-fashioned methods' of raising money for the service of God are worn out and unworkable. They are not even honestly and efficiently put to the proof . They are simply passed over as effete and out' of date. . Sober-minded Chris tian people complain, and with reason, that their counsels and scruples in relation to this matter are; superciliously ignored and set at nought. A free will offering of the good old' type— a pure, spontaneous oblation, , un- corrupted by the play of lower and meaner motives, is now, almost out of the question. The frivolous majority in our churches and congregations must be at liberty to extract a little furi'and flirtation out of the means that are employed to replenish the exchequer of the Church ; God's cause must go on hand-in- hand with our not- over-innocent pleasures, or it must not go on at all ! The chairman of the Victorian Congregational- Union, in a re cent deliverance, comments iri the following terms, on the evil results accruing from cer tain practices in connection with these ba zaars, "In. passing, I may say that there is one kind of gafnbling which has grown on Our profession of Christianity, in the form of raffles and lotteries at church bazaars, like an excrescence on the human body,' and which we' ought to cut away and root out wherever found amongst us, without hesitation and without delay. The finger of scorn is pointed at the practice. It is made a ground of ex tenuation' in our law courts for more flagrant offences.' e, distinction in spirit made be tween it 'and them by the advocates of the former is' denied by the transgressors in the latter. Abstain, says Paul, from every form of evil." Now that there is much evil in certain of the present modes of contracting and extinguishing religious debt, cannot be questioned for a moment, when we regard the Church of Christ in the divine, ideal light, in 'vvhich it stands revealed in the pages of Holy ' Writ. That Church has been " redeemed by blood j" has been cleansed by the " wash ing of (re and the renewal of the Holy. Ghost," that it might.be a " glorious Church'— the Bride of Christ— "without spot or wrinkle, or any such Unng," '.' Its precious walls are, jewelled , ! i , With amethysts unpriced ; , ' The saints build up the fabric, . The corner-stone is Christ." In the light of this divine ideal - of the Churchrrithe light which rested on her pris tine fortunes,- the light in which she . is still mirrored in the spiritual conscientiousness of all loyaUoyingihearts, the light in which she shall appear in her coming espousals with- her Lord— in the. glory of this light, how look such expedients as bazaars and fairs, with all their train of flimsy surroundings and ques- tionable, underlying - motives ? Are these things a natural healthy growth of the Pro testant Reformed Church, or are .they -not rather the still lingering relics of the evil' influences of a worldly and unscrupulous priestcraft upon the t mind1 and policy : of 1 merely professional Christians ? Thomas Beard, - ;r: Lower Murrumbidgee. 