I j , A BIoiy o(tt>q?ast and Proscnt; of Ordi nary men and Ordinal? tilings, in Ordl- narrlMWdaBo,-.;-, , 1' BY DONALD CMBRON. fUTnoijpir. "nt toe roans or ma sboteht,". „ , /' U.YEEWiTEB BEBD," ETC. - . / ",Bo surotby sin 111 flnd thoa ooi." ' It la a bountiful belief : That ever round onr head v: Arohoraragonrahger-iriogs,. i. ; Tho spirits of Uio dead. I < CHAPTER XII. — (cpstiBUEU.) I I "Yes," ho raid, in alow tonoj "it will bo dangerous. ' If that sido'pron Isn't strong whett' tho big ono'a gone, nothing call keep tho stonoop. Sea hovr it's eraeked overy- »; where.'" ' : > . ij 'tYon don't liko Jack," raid Snicker Snig- | glcs, quietly. 1 i "1 low) all menj as bocomea a changed | man," eaiit Obadiah, scntcntlAusly, " I hare | had caaso to hato him, and my nataro has I atriven with it', bat I have 'wrestled with it I and beeoma tho victor. Amen." I ."Yoty", continued -Sniggles, "ho has dono 1 macH Wrong to yon. But for him you would 1 havo converted and married1 that pretty girls I Bertha White. You aro fond o! Iter, aint' I yon, brothbr?" ' I ."Speak not of the unholy longings of tho I flesh, brothor," raid Obadiab; in a atrango I voico; ' "Yon'havO raised tho rebellions- I Adam within uto, It is'trno/sho is pretty. It is trno I hankcrcdnftorher in tbo manner of this'oafnal world. It is even trno that her father' Is a mah of monoy; bat, 0, Snicker Sniggles i aro wo not changed men ? Havawd not pat off tho old man and his deeds and entered' upon". the straight - path. But 'yon iikvo troubled me; - brother, and"! must proy."d -' . It .was nothing, unusual /for Obadiah to' ' itneel 'dowik and' pray in 'tho. levels; and lie' iiad iraoh 'a/iamofAr piety with' tha men since; ha batl been converted at a- Vcvivhl meeting, held 'by Mdtthow 'Burnett, ' that 'thoy always- rcfraitltid'irom laughing at' him; indeed, his 1 disoiplesi. often' joined/Trim. SOm'o of tho minors 1 Would laughingly romark' that pray-', fog was oasier'than Worrk;bnt, notWithstand- ' ingl' thev bften'er joined than mookod.'"' » > V Brethren, said Obadiah, loudly, " I' have ; had a . visitation. ' Tho sweet call ol prayer liath como into my heart, and I beseech you for a . few, moments tor join mo' in Bolomn Bapplirittioil."' 'dome to the'lovo feast I Comet". 'Thero wasn't fnuoh domur. It was nearly tho', end' of'tho- 'shift; and' the -men. were tired.'" OnA'by one thoy iaid aside their tools, Iond kdcM by Obadiah; ' . Tt Wftk ftlfttrftnffn aiUHlre. ' , j Above'; btlow, wero tho'rbcka lit by tho faint light of 'tha'cahdles.'fliakcrtng'in tho mtisty; mlBty.airt'l Tho half-olothed minors, begrimed with Clay, soonicd liko tho goblins .'wo' read of ia ''Cownnn' 'talb8.""Horo and' thore' a hugo shadow- stretched olbng the floor like tho arm-' of a speotrot igiant' toaohod forth to soizo a' vletim; hnd.itt'tha dim reCesscs'it Beomcd as if, ghoaU ' and' deniobs' welfo Jurking for prey in' flickering' Shadows; '"'Afar 'off" tho clanking of the '.maohinery. sounded liko the ovil spirits of Mbiliniat.wbtkin'bhdihsit1: 'Ohitdiah tttoso "from1 his ' knbos apparently I sirenfhendd.' ' He glahodd arodn'd In'1 a sort I . of awb-inspiring ' way, and than waved !liis | hand to Command silonoo. Brethren, r have wrestled' and bobn're- | Irbshodi Lot us now sing that song of praiso I that"pur.'beloVed 'friend Snickor Snlgglos has I wrliteniV"-.''' "C " ' " I Instantly tho miners 'nroso: and' began to sing; led off' by Snibker Sniggles; whoso .nasal intoning'.was sothothiug' 'amusing. But ' tho effeotrbf thodiffcrerit Voicesirbsourtdlngiu the cavern was something like that which is' heard in a greatr cathedral, r Soma sang, without thonght,' 1 it''is' trio,' ' but1:' there won)' othbfs, with'slmplej oariieetvblocsVwhb thfoiraU the intenkslonging of th'oir hebrts into tho verses, Beeking'in'nmsicr expression fortheirfoelings.', The' neart loppressod''wltfi"Borrbw:flndB ,in muWo its'tMuat. -vohielir. ;"ri: >i; ; 1 '!>< ''in , ' Down In thOj'dfijitlis; in tho itiijy clsV ; . , '. Driving iri darkneBH.SGOkliig fer.light— . 'Lord Orlldbven'tuililrius hrigliti' , >ui ? i-.O. 'Hsllelnjnh;' Ilnlloliijal)','""' ' ' " ':.<i Glory ,'gloiy,lfaUolajitli', '' \ lit tbo rocks of crrer,'lmnl all(l grdy, ' , Wdmiik su'l drive by nielit nml day,.' '. ' 1 '"'Seekjngrm gold that's liitltlan tliore. ' ; 1 ' >"' Ui»iol,'0 Lord I unto out prayer—' y . . i v "iif: . HallolujaU; flallcldjoli. ;' , -i,' lo ' ' filoi'y, glory, HnUclujali. - Groililigbilr NTay tlirougll lovcb tliirk,' 1 Noll glit the "pass'' todeath'tO mark;' 'Working In danger and shadow and p'alii, > .':0, Iiord I wltli tf'hyiprcsonco our souls sustain, -ii" "'i JIalklpjaht IlnUolnJnh.i , i: i '.i; ,i. Glory, gloiy,.HaUolpJali. , . : I ' When tlibday- shlftlsovofithonhlstleasoubd," I Knlso us glurious unto Jiighor ground.' I ti,Lot.Thyi,'«ago"wlUi:iis to tho realms ascond, | ..Great fdauagor, to, glory, that. will never cml. , , , r t , ,,, .Hnllelnj.-ili; Helldi;jale ' - ., .Glory, B,l017, ffall£uiijeh. .iThoiwildtstrains'ihad; hardly tocasod wlian Obadiah's hand again 'waved,-- and" silcnco I .vhsain! reigned. Then in placo of tho strainq I >git; had! 'echoed, dllrough , thb eavos th'oto I Boiindedilifl unmuslcalvoico."::";'! ' I l u Brothron," said ho, l'< think Woll of what I wo havo sung; > Is not our.lifo liko to : a shift' in this mino J 'In.tho morning wo' awako and como , to our' work and pick and pick away in search of igold, with only tlio light of fceblo candles to show us oOr way; :As'Wo ;work:so' will out iWago bo.- ' Wo' drWe, drivo; for tha Koldbn', reef, and alas t liow feW flnd it. - Yet, fryctUzftn, tit is . there. i".- If may boiUidilcn in .Vmnssoa'pf rook, bnt it is there,- and' the way .to , ' it is through natrbiv- drives, and: much labor is necessary, to reaeh it. p And then, brethren, after all n our . toil i nnd troublo tho. evening draws apaeo,; and,: tho whistle of tho.cngino. Tbo author has' 110 intention to g'ivo oflenco to truo"rcllgi61i'ylIU'mcrcly ' ivlahee to show the' mannor hi wliioh ths.most. sacrod of ordinances are travestied by motf-of ' tho .Obadiah Sweoteom- fort stamp. e ' ' ' -Ns i sounds telling, us if.is time-do knock ofl Homo givo over work dtcerfully,i and commit tnomsclves unto the caga with pcrfoet happi ness; bnt others who havo not dono well feel .no, bust.' They do not look! for any: blessed light above ;. thoy i fear .tho frown, -of .the manager,- and dismissal. Ah;- brethren:! niay .wc so work in tho mine of lifo that, when, tho . signal of ; tho. Great Manager sounds, We shall take our places in the cage of death,, confident . of ascending from tho dim light' of tho ,aork mino unto tho glorioas realms above, where Ho will rccciva us with smiles, and pay onr- wages. Yet another , simile;.- Brethren; aroiyo not also mines, and is not yoar master- spoking, in yo for. gold, . .driving into your, hearts to find tho precious mctal ? ..Havo ye, allowed Him to find tho golden-reef that is withm ovcry mah ? Has Ho not stood with- out.day after day; knocking. Have ye not re- fused to open to Him ?- -Has He not sunk into yoUr hearts expecting to find gold, and-instead found more valdelessmnllook? All, brethren 1 beware.' Ho is long sufloring.but his patience will hot lost for ovor.> Ho will como to yon in fury, 'and- cast- you iinto -tho shoftrthat'-is bottomless, whCTO you; shall bo dashed : to pieces with tho fall, /--Amen.- Nlco from the wrath.'to comet; flco from the blast that's in tho rOck, and wjiltscatter you in- fragments throughout itho minoiilyoudo: not .retreat into the safo drive of.' religion. Brethren/ let uspray/'i !| " Let us work," Said a strong, angry- voioo at. tho tannel, - and AYilliani lirown, Jack's friend,, and: iha manager of 'the Hesperus. Extended, appeared.; Instantiyitho doyotecs slunk nway to thoir ! places,- leaving Obadiah Standing alone.'.- " What the devil do you mean idlingjjero," said Mr. Brown, who had become a strong,1 bearded, man, "when yon ought to bo work ing;" .. " " Wo had_a visitation, alr/' wos Obadiah's reply, !' nnd improvel tho occasion." . . ' "Yes," retorted itho manager; .'Mlvo.no dopbt you'vo had a visitation of laziness ;.it often cornea yonr. way. .I've 'heard a good deal aboat tho stylo yon havo been going on lauujt ana itaiauuo up my minn to ciesr von oat., I wont havo such men . as you hindering round with yonr snnetimonldus cant and unholy blasphemy. Yon'ro- ruining the men " " Saving their souls," sold, Obadiah; whose eyes- weraflashing In a very nnsaintly way. ; " Saving yonr carcase," mid tho manager ronghly. "Alter to-day you quit tbo. mine. Como on, mem, it's times to knock off." . . And ho disappeared in the tunnel. , I Tho men now fixed their tools in readiness for tho next shift, and preccoded to tho drive. Obadiah,. who. aecmcd very - crestfallen, lingered behind. Tha mem diu- not. coma to-' speak to him. . Tho young man who , so stoutly stood up for Jack, however, could not liolp twilting him as ho passed. : " Hot," said he, with a grin; . " Yes," replied Obadiah, with a sneer, And, scowling at tho speaker,, V hot as it will- bo for himand yoQ hereafter/' . " Wo'll take onr. chance of that," said tho , other, andhe waiked on with his mates to tho shaft, kcqpiilg.to tboxoUs.to avoid- tho; water which flowed along. Tho cago had stopped,' and those who stepped into it coald see; far above, a glimpse oi the blue sky;- studded with a star or two. 1 i -i , ."Where's-. Oboditih?'.', asked -'Sniokor. Sniggles, as the- last, cage was going up, and. he-was aboat to sigual to tho- man above.'.; :<i .< ' "HorO," said .a. "sepulchral, voioo/ and Obadiah estopped into the oSgo. t. Hawas ill, a', perspiration, hut - very' white ; indeed; .as ho. took hold of 'the ehain/Snigglcs noticed his- hands shake;, h',, Wh'at knpt'you.so long?" askod Sniggles;! . "I had'forgotton somcthing"wns tho reply/ ; One, two,. throb pulls at thoitelcgraph cord,, and away .tho ottge went; ,up;. upuutilnit. reachodtholight of'doy;,. . v-'./j CHATTER XIH. ' " Tlio lightest.straw tlio balance ' turns . Tl.o Binallcat match ft wnrchyURO burm ;. . Tlio slightest otoii out of tlio path, , ' Lends to a day of doom and wriUit" ' "In tho mom of lito, whon lore's. opr. drpim, No shado in store appears to' to ...,, hat beyona lovo s bngut uecomiig gleam," Lirallfo's'dsrkiilrcnry, troahleuat." Tho"afternd6n .spn was shining 'uponQrittyj Oaliy, bathing in its w;arm light , tho great ;oldfielii 0 Gnt ; but not tho field we have seen' n, tho. past. Had tha ghost. of Janotnsen' now it would, not havo recognised: tjiq spot, whore its poor clay mot so .untimely' it late.. , . A great , change had eomo over Grit The, miners who:had ;had their boing .on, Gritty-. Gully , then, had '.'folded their : tents, "t and- "silently . fled away." On tha , wliplo_ plain there was not a tent to bo seen ; in their, stead; arose substantial :briok and wooden houses.. Tlio street of tents hod vanished ; and, in'its, place was a flno thoroughfare, in tho midst.'of which tho Gnrryowon hotel, a costly strupturo of brick and stone, . roso, displaying a jtowor. ol considornblo height. There- wore grocors and, drapers, and banks; in fact/all tho signs: of civilised, existence, oven to tho gaol, a granito and- briok structure; Jthnt frowned over tho, reserve — as the spot set apart as. sacred, from; the .intrusion of brick, was called Thorgaol covered. tho Bito of what had becu tho" Qampl.',- in., the early- days, .where Mr.- Bunakum'Si enemy, tho Commissioner, lived. .The remains: of. tho-great nlluvial.diggings opuld bo seen, in tho miles nnd milos .of yellow ; ungrnsaeil country :on cvory sido. Another fcaturo-,in the ilandsoapo told of the great ohanga thati hod' taken place.-'. The staoks-of engines rose, in.ovcrydircotion, telling of Bpots where riiafte hud beenf sunk deep into -the earth in quest of. lodeB,.,- The. flqld w«b .indeed' alterjd. Tlio, sturdy, aUuvial:.dlgger .was no more;- his place was BUpplicil- : by .wrctelied fossickcrs and Ohinnmon. A'inow; order of men hod been created ; tho quartz miners. Tho onco rest-; loss hordes, of , goldsockers had oitlior -sottlod down Into, quiet- oftizons/or gone off to otlior fields to pursue thoir feverish life. In two. respcots, however, Grit had not changed;, indeed, .so far as these wore concerned, tlioy had- bcoonjo intonBlfied. It was redder and more.gjaring'thdn ovor.' - Bavetho dingy green ol ,n'dccaying gum treo here and there, not a vestige of -.ycrdura. Was, to be seen, -tuo denuded- surfaco '.had ..been red enough and attiring , iri the', past, but now the color was, aggravated , by tlio, brick' buildings that arosp everywhere. Red dust, too, roso in clouds on the. shortest, motion, .'so that the mhabitonts liad,"t :ii'tld';mbro, thin their share of toot quatitumi dupti/.flytfyoho is supposed to arit hod hi; no mariner changed, . Glancing ulong its prineipnl '8trqetTTtIiO:I?etado,-aa it .was proudly cauea,. tho eya'restcd oira ,riublic-houso oveiy second haildirig, .. Tlio ldnrryowcn was of eoursc, tuo grciit hotel ; , but'lurther down tho street was another, , int .. much inferior, tho TKero was :intlri plate, glass about this nora, arid a eertain .(tir.of freedom and that, well aceordpd'wjth tho idea ol lm'n0V,s"'i And who, of all men,' think you, was landlord of.tlio Patriot?, Wio, but pur esteemed friend Bunakum,, tho ; groat fbinkor, tho nusW spcokor Tlfbrb hp; stood at tho door as largo as life, descanting upon 'the political abortions of tjip day. -iHo had ojisrigod but very httlo, hip uttiro. «M.-m lopw- end. ungrncclui-- great -minds rnrii not. .troubled about socn trifling.riiatters—audtho.riiurlcnf brandy vvas npppV j8"faco„ Ho,wa8, however, a triiio . ntpntpr, ,nnd, on . thq ; whole,, looked a mere re'spqnpiyo amj.rcepoctablo pprson. . .Bakup'.sflveralrcofqips'for stondinij nt his door'. ' Tho prlmaryono was that wweu — — « «— — — . 'prompts, tho, epider to,waiti at tho. outside of, his .net to: soizo npon tho silly flicp that: may como . within his,, reach, ,,Bunqknm Itnew, everyone,-. and,. tlieroforo it .wpatd-bi. thought mean of anj'ono whom ho saluted,- not- to go .within oud have aidrink. --Then Buriakum's oratory, wasiof such a liind, that ho must bo a bard-hearted, close-fisted .wroteh, who refused to . "shout:"- . There: werp;. no, -doubt,, other reasons why Bunakum Btood'outside; .but tho oao ia sufiiciant,,, Beyorid.tnking his driqk at tho bar, ho did little insido.j; He had provided 'it fair temptrcss.thore, who was quite, able. to detain tho files,- onco hp had inveigled. them' -past. .tho doorstep. .This, fair; charmer was named Mnggio— hor sarnamo no one,, know, itlaggio waa volapluouely beautiful, had.eoft. clear ekin, -very taking, .thoagb prominent features ; a Bplcndld ccniago -r and glossy hlack, hair which -was, dono . up every day in a now and- entrancing stylo. As sho never deolnrcd horsolf in favor of any of hor numerousswains in partioutor, it may, bo taken fpr granted that sho was very popular. To many, of , tho rough, hardworking ' minors, sho;. woe q sort of "revolatlon/.'and tlioir, thoughts by, day, thoir dreams by night, wcro nbout-;tlio'. beautiful siren. - , ,, . ; . - When the Qritlt) GuUy romtwt'had fallen into, tbo hands of Hector. -Macinnis, and Banakum.'.was . thrown again upon the. world, his friends, Hector included, enmo to the con- elusion, that abovo ail things, howas, suited to become -a landlord. .Under, this impression, .thoy fixed ihim in tho -Patriot Hotel. and ho fully justified their good opinion. Ho,, talked bombast with his customers all day,-nnd nt night- drank. until- consciqusriosa,.was lost, when his. able manservant trundlod,hiin:off.tp bod, te.-slccp away, the fumes oi. brandy.. So Bunakum .lived, and -prospered, and ,mado money, -althongli it wan evident from Iris way of life, and tho .qnantity. of ardent spirits ha, drank, that' an- insurance over his Ufa would not be a safo ono. How he had managed- to last so long wob a wonder even to his friends. " Gcntlraicn,". said Bunakum, solemnly, ".There can be no doubt tho present is ono of. the great orisiseaof Grit.' , Do I not remcm-' ocr - snas gionqua, era wnen sua urnry: uuny Trumpet was i. established, ,whieh drovo ,tl\e tyrant -at 'this field, tho Commissioner, off tho place, aruh modo him ovcntuaUy rcaign . Iris position'?: And now ha returns to seok your saflrages-tho man who trod upon you in tho days that are past. - Gentlemen, it ho. is elected, I humbly begyou tohavo mo buried in tho dcejicst grave in Uio Back Crock Ceme tery ; there. lot ma rest- in. peace.. Heath sooner than disgrace. How csn l liva nnd seo this villain. triumph over tho men of Grjt.. Ho is of that party wlrich, would hound you down. Ho Is a ,nominoo ol tlio,.- squatters. Such -men as ho shut np tha -lands which ice should havo had. . Why havq not I a ptoce of my nativo earth? ! Because thoy conspired against me, and drovo mo into. tho. publio line. Tho oligarchs, did, jt, , gcntlcmcn, ,tho , vilo oligarchs. They've swallowed riaop, and ho'e tbeir tool. -Down with ;him, or -burv mol And' who. stands.-.Bgainst .him?- Hector Macinnis, gcntlamen.tha nobla Pcclor, whoj has championed .yopr canso, ,who„hss.iriade, tho Qritty Outlu Trumpet ; respected through out tlio land, >.Ho must bo .returned.. . . " Ah," , Icontinued Bunukuin/.notioing a group , pp., proaehing, How aro you, Jagk ? . , Glad- to seo , you, gentlemen." r Tho. group, oonsisted oi .ajiumbor of .young' miners, who wore taking a stroll, down the Parada bclqro going on ,thq night shift. ' Thoy were nil strorig, handsome, iriarily fellows; bat , tho centre figure ,was the most striking. Ho Was a mtrOng/bnt grncetully-fdnncd young fellow; ' rattier -tall/bnt so. splerididly propdr: tioried/ that 'there was otnlrig awkward -in 1 his" appearance. " His" fOeo wps ! open- and iiUatfly; and Ivas' grScdd' with' it short b'own-, ibeord, orl8p!/arid.'orirlyJrl HitJ'dress— d 'white1 ! tightlytfit'tm:'> moliaklri"' troWq'ers', Jt seonred'. with a. scarf; arid it- red hrimMb/ohUftk-HSot'off' 'hW finely iformfed' limbs to Igreat' O'dvpri'tOge.1 Porhtips his greatest attraOtiori; however, was' li'yjay geriiitl snifiO; that 'lit- Ixis. faqo'likd a; ' gleam, of hrihshihe, drid;regriish, plcdsant eyes,- whoso' tvviriklo -'wrint 'Olraight ' to tho' hi-Ort' of , ovpryoti'o.' ' ' This'lwas 'riono other' than, out5 hWff/Jnok.' Few J'oarig iriaidcriSwith lieiitts could resist this sitmo ijttra'otirDouri'g' : iTftflTr 1 tWh ' frtlr "'fflpmef fathCT, hitnongh;bo a'6't livo1 SWth' hiin; Tho great Borrow of his early days had' been , .washed away by tho waves of time, arid, save an occasional fit: of spdnOss, whon ho passed tho 'spol'.tvhferfcj had been' tho teqt in vyhioh hii triother hiid OpiriO'fo sO' tcrriblO an -imd/nOw oOOripied by'a sWeridid ' BtqriS ; 'oi wlien ' ho grfecd Oil hor 'ldwly gtilvp in tbo ti'ow liprised teteifor ;'i xsow oim" had " been foririotf nbOnf a iriilo ont of tovvii— there wad rid recol- lecnon' 6f tho 'paat. ,'SBni'G pedplo :saitl ho 'was; d'Ohtl'dofe;' Veiy forid-bf -jvlbtridrikiri'dj drid'verji1 ; JphTO iriloVo with BbrthaJtJio'd(ght6r of tho now the Wealthiest "man on the goldficld ofGrit. ' ! >'/Hinl.laritidrUtiaia'Ub« 'tliO'Pritribt'hbtol had'thrao/Biatiriot'riribsion'd to' fulfil -in Grit. : TOore'tths,''flrBt'tHo''bdrt;wKi(fir wiiB iridiscri-' reiufttely 'Ith'd gatheridfi' ' ground .'for loafer b',' pollucianfi.anil thqgoricrnl public— pariiculurly tlio young and Impressible ,VYho camc'to gaoo onfa'figte ehdrms/ .TJiOq thbto '.wb'rq' two enugpdrlqre/whefd'youngmiiileonld'play ut wwk Mnpta&jmK.; fistfcritlahy 'GriMy game; " XknEfe .dririks/riri'd ttoriey/if they . 'S$lO$r. rafe'- f.Magie' '-fi ully riiado up; for the lover'k sofrowd;'; Bdrind'thU'tliero waa it ralcct; ;r0qm;'IrhbrbBdmblere'6f h'l'e!r''de(ireo m sin, wb' me'ah/diiseniblc'd dOily 'auil niohtly - lo.yarplrigtho eritbHdiriniorit ! wfe Jtori thakniri' arid thO likbt' ' There tvdi also it billiard; rbijhi;. arid a; liiiWi hitU .'whbri tho boarders dined/ and'Vrhera great hibbtirigs' were hold. Bunakurii.had ri speoiail forte for ' .Ri VwUhgq; -'orid;;As thoy ; brought JWMlMWkp'a' but 0-' tRcadiurs of' th'BiSli wil j f oiiiemhei1 it lia'ssogo oro a , wxsp ; cap, diri ."tjividbd , hid ' troops;; so' fliat ll .tho.rddvors'arice.bsodpca ono 'br- two hWK jrft thWl prinoiples, Bunakum- pfbcqadSl; ' Th'b'do . who osoapbuthqbar, wcfb seized' by tlib littlb back' room . and ..Yanjted ftrqh':; thosb 'who ' piidbed through tlio. bar and Ydnkcb grab ordcafs wore certain tq lull into thqij seloctfobm" arid loot so,tbiit,nbnberadpcd/. A judicibuk' division Of forces is bf incalbuloblo vnluo, But what was to to dono with tliiit. rapidly. inorcaaing scetibn of ddversprics.knbwri aB tho teijtotallere/.vvho,1 thanks .to | tho.;nqjiring ibildrts 'of Obddiiih' SwMteppjfo'rt, ivero jb'oeqmiri'g' a power jn Grit 7 Tlio mcotiog-jiqU. cdpipit thom/so that ovory sdvtaraiy.wite.jrbperlyprpvldqafod.'' ' If mqy bp its wcljetoioxpldiri here, that' iho' temWmbM) movqmonf was qriginated' iri Grit by Obaqidh q respoqfeIather. ' Tho pub&dri; party grew so strong,' that' it etrUok: 'that' worthy another party-conld to 'roised up'in opposition, and bo of vpluo-to tho men wlio gave it lifo. Theretoro ho formed tho United Sociable Society, of Liquor - Aborainators, Gritty Gully District, of 'which ho beoamo tho Worahiplul Grand -Honorablo "Vyorthy Head Master; so that ho :was- known' in Grit as Obadiah Swootcomfort, Esq.; W! GiH.IY.H. M oi thoU. S. S. O.L.A., G. G. X5 This sooioty, having so much of, mbral weight on its Bido, did bccomb.o, power; nnd,,thp wortliy founder thought hipieoll bo.olted.fpr a qpat in parlia- mont, whon the. incident wo havo alluded to occurred, andi- holwasasont -to tho noxt world to start';#,., teetotal society thorb. Great was tho ' rejoicing 1 of ' tho othcr party, who now ! thought their '"froublos over. Their gladnpaa, hoWovep, wed of : short dura tion; for pbndia|i'Bwcotconifort,-jnn., mora than took wb father's place, and so vigorously ;. - - - ! s ; opritcstcd, tho. battle,' that, throo letters wcro added tb'his titto/and ho'hnd already drafted out a Pcrinissivb'BiU that' inada tho pabUcons fairly shake , iri' thoir shoes. lunaknm was .the greatest' opponent of this raiyoment, which lid characterised; as an'.attempt '.of tha Com- riiissioncr'. '.although. that. gentleman had left Grit — to interfere with tlio liberty of tho subject. ' Hq thro'Wittio . ".'grand old name 'of liberty" pretty snodossfnlly iri tho faces, oi tho : tee-tofallers.; , . His . followers declared people Were ndtripofor; a Porpissiyo Bill. Norworo tlioy likely to be', . so, long da drinking habits were cncanrqgcd by such mop as Bunakum, i " I hope, .dack," Bnid Bunqknm, ,'.» that you aro sound apori tlio qncstiori at issue, which will to decided to-morrow. ; 'Hover was tliore a rontret , so fought with consequences as that upon whioh wo havo npw. entered." - . . '.Always harping upon' tho siimo lhing, old manj" said/WilliO; Godcrioh, Jack's mote, a litlic, handsome, dovil-inayteare young fellow. " You depend we're all, with yon." '" Will you':soo the Jiticfty.'ipf. tho subject trampled upon?" said Borioktri, "stamping on tho ground as if liberty wits toricath his feet. ; x "Nol" was Uio reply.. ;. " Will you' sco thb country ovcrridon by proud oquattbrs?" '".Noi"; , ' "Will, you to, bound. hand and. foot by Obadiah, Swectcotafort and Iris , water-drink ers?" ! ."Noi"' " Talking of that," said Willie, .with a light laugh, 1 " I donY thjnk wa should stand hero and take a shingle, offBunakum'8 roof. What do you say, boys— a Bliilling fa/ arid 'tho winner shouts ?" ; i All assented. , ' Jack did not liko to hold out, but it vyas evident ho would havo preferred to have gono on. It was viitli a "sort of savogo scll-vcxdtion that ho followed, the others. , Ho was perfectly conscious that all Iris monoy went. in "grabbing," arid, that ho. lived fa a hand-to;moutti way, because ho hadn't strength to refaso. no knew Obadiah had gathered money together by living steadily, and. that ho vtos fa a fag totter position than luuincu. now couiu no ever nopo iq oa aoia tbtok Bertha of old White, if ho.wcrit on in this way, Bpendirig'moro than ho earned, In folly ? A fellow could not save mncli on £2 Be. a week, but ho would savo less if ho in dulged fa " yankco grab." Tills abomfaabte system of "shaking" and shouting" was raiding him. ' Bnt, although he knew it was wrong, ho went fa. Wo often ore perfectly conscious wo aro' doing wrong, but lack the power to hold back. Company leads ris .into ovil, and wo seem powerless to resist. There, was nlso another reason why Jack did not want to go fa. It was well known in Grit that Mnggio, was "struck" on Jack. Now Jack wn8 vcry , impressible-; and, al though his early fancy for Bertha had ripened fato appassionato attachment, he could. not resist being loved by a woman, at. whoso feet all his companions wore ready to fall down arid worslrip. A voung man .finds it very dlfilcnlt to, resist tlio admiration of a pretty girl. . ' ' It was quite ovidont, when Jack wont fa, that Maggie mado.an exception in his favor.- ' In- , stead of casting similar smiles aronnd, sho gave hor sweetest to Jack, and took his hand. ; WHIid rit.orici called for " hor bones, "which;- -of tofjrra, fcsnltcd fa tho nsnnl choff.' ; Jack wanted,. 'to have the shake iri frontof tho bar, brit'.Magsand'th'o others at onaf.demaridcd jit Bhbnld tako plnco fa the, little room. '"/'So ithov. wont fa, ond Mnggio hold; Jock's hnnd' 'arid' 'talked soft nothings 'to lrim, whilo tlio. rest phoqk off.,. . . ' Beveriteon's the rriain,"' said' Willie, ' haild- fag Jack the box at tho olosa of ttiolcntertalrit mqrif.;', 'J Thero; Jaok, bent that, and lot iMdggio'gd'fof tho'prescht;" '' . ; " I'll throw for him, " said Maggie; and she proceeded to'dexferiohsly manipulate the dice., i.Two sifos.wcro managed tho first time, ' arid the final threw brought rip. six, at whicli tliore was considernbo cbecrfagj ; Then. Willio at orido proposed a. "dry &ake;""lhat is, oho .without' drinlur.'-' Ja6k kriew himscll booked.-' All his resolutions to give up dico-throwfag and cards were siattered to tho windd, and thero ho stayed a willing viotim to tho charms of Maggio and tho dice-bpx, . . 1 , Not but thdt Jaek know ho.vvas IoBing time arid irioriov. Ho knew it too well. -lint had riot tho power to resist, fdr it wo'nld'bo. unpleasant and unsodinble,.v -" '.How1 skilfolly Mnggio attended to tho com: pifay/orid'/Jaok in pdrtionlar ; how careinlly sho saw that '.tori; 'many, dry, -shakes did not .tako"i)lnce., It'is to to'rasunSed tho fellows ant dowti cxp'eotifig re'win something, but in that thoy word'-disappoilitdd.1, "Tho housb" a-allowod all Uio 'winningB, and a 'good - deal more. "It is tho'caso! iri"aQ; pnbliohobsq g'ariibling/that lite 'lay&s; 'rise rip poorer than thoy sat down; wlridhovor way fortuno may turri ; pbdfor iripookOti'pbordrin health. But tti'dy navfl' bdon/'amUsedi How' intently Mnggio 'lookod' lit jaok the fvhilo. Sho felt' to' lidr spnl- thnt sho loved hip 'as sho had novor loved' anbthdr riiari/ and heir qfalm ite emit had "not- been -low', '.How 'dolightful it would bp,'- thdught Mnggio/ ti$' oho gnzed on- his honest' hohdsdmo facdp'ilrid.'.Bturdy form, to havo 'ri hpsbdrid liko him-in foot; to own bini as hdr probdrty-.' Ari'd'-Mogglo did not think that wds'difilonR. -'Sho know Jack liked hert Of course, ,; thj!rid ivaU 'tho Iofa affair with Berthri; bat "tlion Maggio" corisidorod -'that Bertha's fntjior was rion, and would- novor rearii' of atr nlliarico tilth the young minor, wh'p"workcd ,fa!tonp of 'his Ibdst' oloims-t-thu Hdapojjfa Extended'/ ' : Bo, ' ori tho- whoio; oho fat very; epsy;'1,' " TheTO waS -a slight" divcrtiseiriont when Hcotpr Macinnis, Bunakum, and several other Itoditag 'tibdrddters pakaed -througlrta liavo q look at tho hall .and;sop tho preparations for the moffated meeting that wad to bo hcld there that night; Thero'was ttmlghtefTusion of red fa'Hcqtors's fttdonk ho'ribticod Jack, and -thci ldttqrs cbUritendndo'ddrkoridd.' i Though years had 'elapsed,'- 'Jaok riovcr- could' idrgot tho past as' .regarded Hddtor ; that i ho - was primarily rdsponsiblo'fdrvih'at hadbcourred. And tlidrq alwnyd"hppdfired to' bo'-n 'Shadow over tlils man; 'Ho hbd dgbd vory.muoh ; ho was gravo arid; sthdidus';fa! appearance; but that might litivp bcoil' oq(isdd by tlio thought i ho had to gift) to that'riow great organ of publio opinion, thp Qritty 'Qttlly Trumpet. Still, noitnor ho,' nor JaPk could 'over got -rid of d ftolfag of bittpr antagonism. - Though Jaok did notcaro slxpcdco 'about polities, lio lind ontprcd'-fato tho prosorit contest with spirit; and takon np thobido of tho Commissioner, ' Mr; Miall, Beokt fag to obtain ' thd voids of bip fpllow-workors- dgainstHeptor,---''' " - ' " : : ' .r . Still tho play wont on, and Jaok lost/until hid last shilling wa'S gorio. ' Then: ho throw tho diod-lw' hwajr from-him in a sort' of rag o/' 1 !l "T won't play tiny moro/'snldJaok/just'as' hp hoard tho Bunaknm'party, after axaminlng thd haUf sptttd down to a gairio or loo fa tho sdloct room-/'I'm sfnrtpcd."-' .: n' . t. j : , t ",Gb on," aald Willlo, " I'll larid yon some." "I'll ldnd 'you soirio, Jack;" said' Maggie,' presainghis' hand. '' "> -i-;,:" '"-No;T won't borrow," said' Jack;' with nri 'unrisuul. firmness ; "I'll try my" luck' to- niorrowj" ;- -- : V -. ; : »' 1" ..J- mi '"0h, go on'," 'said tho party /-"-.wo'll' trust yoU." - - : - '.; '!'' i- '! "Ndj"'siSid-.Jaok, with a grim, flotonriina- tlon. '-, "Besides; it'a tinlo to' go td'work; it's' iaftorfonr." - ''Roluotailtly'-onongh tho party1 withdrew, and, after Jaok had squeezed Mogglo's -hdnd/ ttioy departed to go on the night' shifty 1 /'Mnplrrs gding -ajdiriat mb," Hwtor to BnnaUum, just after tlio latter had boori looed for £A 7s. Od. , : " Yck," said' Banaknm, dealing tho earils, "but I don't think lie can- do1 muoh oxcopr amorigpthis'bwn-lbt.'"; . .- '. ' ". "Itydshtho had oldarcd out Of tho district," sajd Hcotbr, fa b low tone; - : ' "Oh, ho'll toclcarod ont soon oriongh," said Bnnakiim, dcxteronsly turning up a trump that suited his Own hand;. ;; ' CHAPTER X1Y. As ho walkod ont-Of tho'Patriot hotel nnd stepped'into-tho resoryo, 'Jaok felt- not a littla savagot Ho kUPw that 'ho'had becn doing wrong. 1 Had'-ho ' not tima niter timo deter- mined -to givofap gamblfag/> Had ho not seen clearly that ho' was ldsing feverythfag by his folly, and that ho would mnko no' progress fa lifo it hb continued to lead So foolish and frivolous ' an oxistonco. ' Would ho - allow Obadiah Bwectcomfort to - riso fa position and becomo rich, wliilo his lifo' was rotrogircs- sivb?"Was ha not mora gifted, mora popular?. Bnt there were tho facts staring him in tho loop. As matters wont , now, ha wonld novor bo nblo tb ask Bcrtha in marriage. Arid his flirtation with Maggie— why, it was tho excess of folly. ' Thero is nothing that tends to dis tract tho mind more than tho success of others, whon.oncssclf is going book may day. Jack Hardly saw a way out of this dilndulty. Ho sccnlca to despair 'of getting sufiiciant strength to resolutely say "no." Besides; ho was very fond of fun and society, nnd found it very difficult' indeed to resist their tempta tions. Howas musing in this way, his oyes cast on the ground, when ho heard his namo breathed softly, ciosa to; liim. Bnising his eyes, lio saw Bcrttia-7-not thd shy, quecrjy- drosscd girl wo introduced to tho reader, tend- inglior flock nt Gritty Gnlly; bat a fashionably- attired young lnily. Her faco was round, her features small, hor eyes bluo nnd liquid; There was n certain nristocratio air about hor that had boon acquired by living for years as tho acknowledged bollo of Grit, and tho daughter of Its richest oitizen. But tlio dear girl had not been spoiled altogether. There wan still thb same frank, fearless spirit in her eyes that had captivated tho boyish fancy of Jack, and nothing llmt was sapereilfona ilnfrtiAlrirl frnm flm m(U luvtrtlw i\t ifi#t pleasant face. Tho history of those two souls since tho 'discovery 'of tho goldficld of Grit, had been singular fa tho constancy of their affection. Jack had continued to struggio on/ working away, and generally careless of what tlio morrow would bring forth, whilo Bertha had risen in lifo with her father. She, who had often rnn about over this goldficld after her unruly sheep, accompanied by Lossy, was now tlio richest lady fa tho district. Ilcr lather, having bccomo a wealthy man, thought ha could do nothing better than to send his daughter to a liigli-class boarding-school in Sydnoy, in whicli oity ho liad himself livod ere ho sought his fortuno at Grit. 80 Miss Bertha went thither, nnd learned all tho ways of gentility, had fast friends amongst that class to whom alio had looked up with maoh awo in' licr childhood, tho squatters ; nay, lidr bosom friend jiad been tho daughter of tho gentleman whoso sheep sho had herded. In many ways; sho was disenchanted, and discovered- that squatters were liko other mortals— no- better, rib worse. So, alter learning musie," Hunch', Italian, and tho like, Miss Bortba returned to; , Grit,' a marvel of education, perfectly putting' in tho shado all tha Misses who had attempted' ;to rulo to tho very limited Boeioty thore. Thcso,1 Of coarse, revenged thomsolves by- : reflections npofftho low origin of Miss Bortha,' bat thoy met with very unsympathetic hearers I in.tho young beaux of Grit, who were attracted- by/Bertha's beauty, and hor father's monoy:' There was not a bank clerk' in the ploco who' did riot think ho ought to mariy Bertha;1 At- ' ov,ory"baU or party tho most frontip 'efforts- ;wero mndo to -wfa"hor-'hotirt;-but tho young lady, although exceedingly fond of flirtation—: what girl is noty— inadorio.signt Indeed, had silo been ' disponed, "sho oonld not/for her ; father kept a striot wntoh ovor bat. ' Ho was; proud and fond of hls-'daughtor; arid destined her to becomo -'the brido of some gpritlomnri/ , very different 'from' thoso rvlio now 'fluttered nroririd ' her.- ' 'His - chorishtd plan ! was to . disposo ol all his interest in Grit, whon ho had made the. sum lio had fixed upon/£2BO,000,: dndtthon to seek thd shores of-bis natiVO'larid, whAra'he would'flhd-roposo for his latter days; and a husband for thodaughtor of -hid lioart. Ho niennt that -husband to bo oveiything'that was nonpareil/ - Ho- would bo young; harid- somo/' rioh, -fiood. -: rAnd"'Po' ho wont pn drtaming."' : ' /' .' ,?l'- ' ' : / / '"i 