PUNCH HANSARD. The Speaker took the chair at 5 minutes past. The Premier rose, and said — ' Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen, It again falls to my lot to disabuse this Honourable House of a scandal which my opponents have industriously circulated to the effect that at the banquet recently given in my honour I made the slight mistake of overdoing the position. In other words it has been more than intimated by the party which arrogates to itself the championship of the Temperance cause in this colony that the exultation following upon my political achievements caused me to speak words which my soberer judgment would not approve. Gentlemen, you are mistaken. What I say I am ever prepared to stand by. At the same time, following up the programme announced in the speech of Governor Punch, that a Premier is premier in virtue of his acting as the voice of the people, and that voice so far not having had a chance of announcing itself, I resigned. His Excellency Mr. Punch accepted that resignation, and the mover and several of his influential friends were called upon to act as His Excellency's advisers, in other words to form a Ministry. 'As you are aware, in face of an Opposition headed by Myself all such attempts have failed, and I have been recalled by that popular voice which I shall never disregard, to again form an administration. In selecting my colleagues you will observe that I have endeavoured to be consistent. I have brought together those component parts calculated to form a significant Ministry. ' Here the list was passed round. The Premier took a glass of water and adjusted his shade. It ran as follows: — Premier, Chief Secretary, and Treasurer Our Own. Secretary for Lands L. P. Heydon. Secretary for Public Works (and Faith) W. Forster. Secretary for Mines T. M. Slattery. Attorney-General D. Buchanan. Minister of Justice Jno. Davies. Post and Telegraph R. B. Smith. Minister of Education J. MacElhone. Vice President of Executive Council L. Fane de Salis. Government Whip E. A. Baker. Portfolios pro-posed — Tramway Coroner (to sit on bodies) Jno. Lucas. General Mouthpiece ;--T. Garrett. One Eye (continuing) : ' Possibly Hon. Members may look for some explanation in regard to my appointments of Tramway Coroner, and Ministerial Whip. If hon. Members will kindly refer to my previous speeches they will find that I have steadily abjured everything like revolutionary proposals, and ever stood for the rights of the People. One of the hon. gentlemen referred to occupies a seat in the Upper House, and the other, at the present, no seat at all. The interests of the public, however, demand their services, and I propose forming — and allotting to them — two additional seats for Sydney, to which it is needless to say they will be at once, and without the ghost of opposition, returned by an enlightened public. Then I ' Mr. Beid : ' Where am / all this time ?' The Premier : ' The hon. gentleman will pardon me if I continue my speech ' Mr. Heydon : ' Sit down, Free Trade.' Mr. Beid : ' I will not be sat upon !' Mr. M'Elhone : ' If the worst comes to the worst how would you like the hon. the Coroner to do it ?' Mr. Lucas ( rising ) : ' I am here, dear duke !' Mr Garrett : ' And what compensation do you propose for the hon. Member's resigning an hon. seat in the other hon. House ?' The Premier : ' Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen ' Several Hon. Members : ' Oh ! it's all right— plenty of sharp curves in the Tramway lines — he'll get compensation in his position of the hon. the Coroner. And as for us, if the Premier will only ' The Premier : ' It appears to me that the only way to conduct the business of this hon. House is to put down personalities. To return. I follow precedent, and have an eye (my eye) on the future. For any who may have most bitterly opposed me of course I have billets ready. To those who have an nounced principles utterly at variance with mine I shall — I shall — Who's this ? ! ' A head appears . 