BY A TRA3SSVAAL CA3IP FIRE, i (All (he Year. Round,) A ROUKD OF STOHIES IS THJIEE PARTS. PART II. — GOXTIXUED. thk AtrrnoH's story. AUout tlirvn years agn I was in England, and I was asked by an old friend to pay him a visit at his country houso. Although I had known him since our school-days, I had never been at his country residence before. His wife was a very agreeable woman, but too fast to suit my taste, and they IliiU VJ1C UUlfU, £L JJll^llJ llbl/1^ g^1** yjL hercn, who was being brought up to be like her mother. It was winter, and on the day appointed by my friend I left London, so as to arrive at his house Justin time fov dinner. It was an express train that I went by, and only stopped once during the journey, on which occasion I got out aud went into the refreshment-room. On entering it I noticed a rather handsome woman seated at a small table with two gentlemen, aud was surprised by seoing her start as hor eye met mine, as if she knew me. 1 had no remembrance of having seen her before, but a great many faces have passed before me during the course of my life, aud as I thought it possible that my want of memory might betray me into apparent rudeness, I ob.servcd her well, although covertly, until I felt con vinced that she was utterly unknown to me. Apparently she was not travelling by the same train as I, for when the boll rang aud I left the room, she was still sitting where I had first seen her. My friend's carnage met me at the station, and in it I rolled comfortably along the country lanes until we reached the park gates, whence a splendid avenue led to the old red-brick Eliza bethan mansion. Amongst other delights in that most luxurious house there is a mngnificent billard-room, and as I am a devotee of the game, and as my friend emulates me in the matter, we adjurned there after dinner, and kept up our play till late. That night I had a most remarkable dream. I dreamt that I was in the large drawing room of my friend's house — I had not yet seen it, you will observe — a room furnished in a quaint rococo style, perhaps the most atriliiiiy feature in the furniture being a grand pianoforte made of ebony and orna mented with medallions of Florentine mosaic. When I entered the room, in company with my friend, 1 saw the lady whom I had noticed at the rail way-station seated on an ottoman talking to my hostess. My host, going up to where they sat, asked her to play on the piano. ' My music is not yet unpacked,' she said, ' but, if you have any, I dare say I can manage co road at sight,' and as she spoke she went to the piano, and looked at some of the music that was lying on it. I thought she seemed as if under some sort of constraint, and that she looked at me in a strange way. I had nle--t fiVH'\t»/in/*Viof1 flirt inctrillllPTlf. Suddenly she turned towards me and said : ' I will trv this. Will you turn over the leaves for me 1' I wondered why she should have asked me especially, but I, of course, icquiesced. She played the overture bo 'Semiramide,'and played it remark ible well, but I could see that she was nervous. Before beginning the quick move uient she stopped, and said to me : ' I can't go on, I feel ill ; feel how cold ajy hand is.' I touched it ; it was quite clammy. ' Yes,' 1 answered, ' it is cold, but it is only a little nervousness, it will pass off,' She went on, but got deadly pale, and suddenly stopping her performance she stood up, and turning to our hostess said : ' You must excuse me. It is very absurd, but I feel so ill that I must go to bed.' Then she left the room. The next day I heard that another visitor was expected, and at dinner somewhat started by finding that the new arrival was the lady of my dream. I took her down to dinner, and found her a very agreeable person. Over our wine my friend told me. that she was a good musician, aud that we were to spend the evening in the large drawing room on purpose to hear her perform. as we were on me point oi entering it, I held him back. ' I have a most peculiar sensation,' I said. ' I want to tell you of a dream I had last night,' and I recounted my dream, describing the room minutely. ' It is strange that your description in the exact counterpart of our draw ing-room,' lie said. We then entered the room. Miss Spencer, as I will call the lady, was sitting in the position I had seen her occupy in dreamland. My friend asked her to play ; she said the same words, performed the' same actions, and played the same piece as her shadow prototype. When at last she gave me her hand, aud I heard my own voice repeat almost automatically the words I had dreamt of, I felt positively frightened, but when she stopped, stood up, and having uttered the words of the dream, left the room, I doubted whother I vnwa sane. My friend looked, as if he had seen a ghost. Nothing particular happened for a day or so, during which time I saw a good deal of Miss Spencer, for she and I did not hunt, although we were fond of riding, and hence we kept each other company pretty often. She was, as I said before, very agreeable, with a dash of peculiarity about her thoughts and her expression of them which attracted me, and she apparently took a liking to me. Of our meeting in the refreshment-room we did not speak, neither did I tell her of my dream. My hostess and her little girl were great huntresses, and the child being a light weight for die beautiful thorough bred Hie rode wab often in at the death, aud brought home the brushes in proof of her jKiw^rs with childish i glee. ' One day she asked a n^nslw-r of j us to come into her .schoolroom to admire its decorations. Miss Kjii'ne«T was amongst those who went.. The room piesented a curious appearance. It was daintily furnished, and toys and children's hooks were on shelves around it, whilst ornamenting the walls were racing and hunting pictures, foxes' brushes mounted in silver, and with the date of poor pug's demise engraven on each, and a number of costly riding- whips arranged in various devices. We admired all the spoilt pet's arrangements ; only Miss Spencer was silent. ' Don't you think it pretty ?' asked the child, looking up at her, impatient of the one exception. ' Yes ; it is pretty ; but it would be far better and prettier if those foxes' brushes were not there. Each of those brushes tells how cruel you have boon,' said Miss Spencer. The child's eyes flashed. 'I'm not cruel,' she cried. ' 1 don't like you ; you only say that because you have not got any brushes yourself.' Upon which her father caught her up, and, calling her a little vixen, carried her off. A sharp frost set in that e.vening and stonned the liuntins, and it was not for a day or two after that there seemed any cliance of it being resumed. A south wind had set in, and every body was in high spirits in consequence. Little Diana was sparkling with excite ment. The small child always sat at the late dinner. On this occasion a special admirer of here proposed that she could sing a song after dinner, and, swinging her up in his arms, placed her on the middle of the table, and handed her a glass with a little cham pagne, in it. She looked like some little sprite, standing there with flushed cheeks, and her long dark hair jlowing over her shoulders, while she carolled forth ' A southerly wind and a cloudy sky.' She tossed off ilie champagne, then turning sharply to Miss Spencer with a wilful look, said : 'I don't care what papa says, I know its because you're afraid that you don't hunt.' ' Do you want a special proof to induce you to believe in your papa's veracity 1' asked the lady imper turbably. ' I don't understand those long words,' she auswered pettishly. ' Miss Spencer wants to know whether you want her to prove to you that your papa sneaks the truth about her,' explained some one, in spite of all efforts made by papa and mamma to stop Miss Diana's conversation. « Yes.' ' Then I will give you one,' said Miss Spencer quietly. ' Not because I object personally to your thinking that I am afraid, but because I am too fond of you not to be sorry that you plucky and tcndcr-heai-ted to foxes at one and at the same time. Will you take me across country ? 1 will follow wherever you go.' ' Done,' cried Diana, clapping her hands and jumping up and down in her delight ; ' what fun it will be ! I shall take you over all sorts of things.' After dinner I asked the father if he, were not afraid that the little one would be rash. ' I am rather so,' he answered ; but I won't baulk her spirit. She knows the coutry and the horse, and the horse knows her ; besides, I don't want Miss Spencer to crow over her. It is too bad of her to tell the child that she is cruel ; if Miss Spencer were not such an old friend of ours, I should he angry about preaching sentimental humanity in that way. You don't agree with me, I know, but then it is not as if she hunted lions and tigers as you have.' The next day we were all in the saddle early, Little Diana was on her own mare, with a bag of paper cuttings slung by her side ; she got a fair start, and we soon lost sight of her in the windings of the avenue along which she cantered, leisurely scattering her bits of paper as she went. An old groom rode after her. Presently we started. I rode next to Miss Spencer. She was mounted on a very fiery horse. The animal she generally rode had something the matter with it and could not be used that niirniug. It struck me that lu-r present mount was likely to rush at his fences, and to be troublesome to manage. Still she was a first-rate rider and had hiui well in hand. In spite of all this an unreasonable dread took possession of uie. and as the ' scent' took us towards what I heard was the most dangerous run in the country, I said to her : « Have you ever thought that that harum-scarum child may try to break your neck out of pure wilfulness V ' O£ course sho will,' she answered ; ' but I do not think she is likely to succeed.' ' She is at a great advantage,' I said ; ' she is a feather-weight, and is riding her usual horse.' ' That is true ; still I thiuk I can trust to my experience of horses, which is greater than hers. ? I chose this horse myself when I found my mare was knocked up. He has not a nice mouth, which is a pity.' We were quickening our pace now to a hunting gallop. ' Just one word,' I said as she seemed about to go ahead ; ' I have an unreasonable dread of some evil befalling you to-day ; will you promise me that if you see danger in following Diana you will not follow her ?' She hesitated a moment, thr-n, turn ing her head, said, ' Yes,' aud shot away. I never saw such a run as that little imp took us; one of us was a! ady thrown when I saw her sitting uncon cernedly at a little distance from a high crumbling stone wall— her last leap. Her father and Miss Spencer were near it, the former a little in ad ranee. -Miss Spencer's horse was pulling furiously. I could see that slic had difficulty in holding hiui. Just as my friend's horse rose to the leap, Miss Spencer pulled hers round with a -lew}KTale e.flbrt, and the next moment her comywnion was hurled to the ground with his horse lying upon him. The animal's strength had been taxed by the over long run, and lie had not Jwen able to clear the wall. My poor friend was severely injured, and it was long before he recovered. I believe that Diana npver hunted again ; but 1 feel quite sure that my warning saved Miss Spencer's life, and that my dream had something to do with it. (To be continued.) 