The announcement that a preliminary agreement has been, entered into tcj construct a land-grant line to the south-west 'border will, we thiuk, be received tviCh ft good, deal of eatisfac^ tion. There has been so much baiS gaining and negotiating that people were beginning to doubt whether we Bhould ever get to thi.^t point at which the principle could be practically tested. So much suspicion was origi nally attached to the boil.'* fides of the offer by the London Company, ana the public mind was at th.^time bo itmicfa. agitate' I by the inquiries conf nected with the, London Office that the acceptance of. an offer then could mo.1; only have been premature, buvfcho pro babilityja that^t would not havebe'en latiiiied^'jSnffioieitt time', however,' has now elapsed for the examination of the ct wintry, and for a calm considera^' tion o.? the circumstances under which it is pr. oposed to construct this nortfy and sou'th trank lino, of which1 this! section iVom Charleville to Cunna mulla muf\fc be considered as the first instalment;. . I That it is expedient to construct iv ine to our soutb.-wel^°ra border may be1 taken for gr.-anted. 3 may, no doubt.i be considered by som 'e persons that,'; in:order.;tf-. rqacl) Ounna ^ulla, it would; bei'bettervlb' .make 'for \ St. .George,; ?fchenoW tbi t\id -Wawe'go, ?{ indso on, if; neceBsary, to the Coopers Ot^k coun-l try. H'aving, however, alrea '7 autho-'. rised tlie construction of a l'ue.- *°; withinji Bhbffi distance of Chai'^'.'lra.j it will b e generally admitted, we \ *'nK»i that it would, on the whole, be PrP' ferable to reach' 'Cunnamulla .'**' CharleviMe than via St. George. The.11 comes in the^ question of ipw, suph a lirieVw'to Ite-iriade? If ma'de'at allby the Government, it could only be as part of,a- gr^.^trank 4-n^poli.oy- involv ing the'^ xp'enditure or probably at least £7;000,000. Is that possible at the present time ? 'We believe that it would be quite impossible, and simply out of the question, considering the demands there are for coast railways. Already, a\nd apart from the estimates now*before^he*flouser.w6'*h^e^8ome 300\. milea '. ?. pfirailway r under i do'ustruc tioniiant? all 'behind hand because of thedifficulty there is iiii getting-'nientb make' themy.'j'': Wj^at'chtinjCiSi is. ',$jiere of the':'0;b,Ve,t^m'5r4' '^feipg^'p t\tji'iles more' ,'6£ ' aouth-we3tern extension ? If ono wha,tever, oven if they raieed the price of labor to double what it now is. If thon a company are pre ,pai- ed.- to make it for what may be considered- -& reasonable land-grant, and to make it within a certain specified time, then we cannot but think that it would be a good thing in itself. Of course it must be admitted that a convenience of this kind might be purchased too dearly, and there are many considerations against making the railway at all, which might bo most plausibly. urged. ? It might, forin8tance,besaid — 'Why not wait another ten years ?. ~We could then make it ourselves.' But who knows what might not happen in ten years ? ? Seize your opportunity — we are inclined to say carpe diem. If there are to be found men who will mako this railway, and who will work it, giving us the chance of buying it at any time if we like to do so, let as give ?them a chance, and see what they will make of- it. It can do no possible harm, it may do a great deal of good, and if we find that it is really going to De, & good thing, wo can at any time during the 'next fifty years,' buy it at ,half the cost price. f Of .couree^for those who have visions of rail waycompaniea and railway direc tors as dreadful ogres :who arc capable of eating us and our children up at a single meal, the possibility of ratifying thiB iigrcement may be regarded as something too dreadful to contem plate. ;We.' would entreat such people to, be -.-quite convinced. There ..are ogres,j and., there, are. still' ca'rihibais both savage and civilised. It is no uso to deny facts. Let- us, however, require that the ogres stall be obliged to -do their, work in' :the ; light of day ; and further,' if thought necessary, and iH.it is considered desirable;,tofp.roi'ide against any ?' outbreak of cannibalism, let. it rbe madera condition that, the corporate body, 'individually and; col lectively, shall have; their, ,teefJi drawn. Do ''not;, however; let us' : be afraid of going into the dark simply because we have been told that; ghosts are some times to be met with there. For that matter, indeed, there is no necessity for usr, in/; these; : days to' gp ,into the dark at- all. .'.Wfi . cau^turn. on our lights,, electric pr otherwise, and then there will not,, be the slightest fear of our being spirited away by the foul fiends which we know do dog ou.rsteps by night and day. ? ? ? ?? OCR Supplement to-day, contains an in-' teresting, article entitled ''The capital, of Mormondota.' ,:Thb Unios Bank of Australia.— The Onion Bank will be closed' on Friday next for the half-yearly balance of accounts. Hawkers' License. —ThiB morning a hawker's license was granted to Bryson Gibson. Police.— Teaterday, before Messrs. Groom and Sims, JJ.P., W. Bain surrendered to his bail, on a charge of absentinc; himself from the hired service of Duncan Munro, at High fields, and was remanded to Highfields, bail allowed. ! ' : ???-?:?'? NATURALizATioN.-i-On- Monday Wilhelni Muller,' .farmer; \Vestbrook, .applied to be naturalized and subscribed the customary oatli of allegiance. Adbiosy Cricicet Club. — The annual meeting ot membors of this club will be held aS the White Horse Hotel on Saturday evt..nin», whun the annual report will be brought up, and the meeting will be called upon to consider the question of the amal gamation of the club with the Toowoomba cricket club. Clifton Divisional Board.— Mr James Hauly having resigned his seat as a member of No. 1 Subdivision, the nomination of a successor must be in the hands of the retnrning-officer not later than four o'clock on the afternoon of September 16. - Should; the election be contested a poll will be taken on September 29. -.;?'. j .. j „??'..'., i . Sale of Valuable BirmvuN'-STREE'r Frontages. — Mr. J. S. M'lttyre will shortly soil four valuable frontagos to the main street of Toowoomba, being the .property well known as the old Sovereigu hotel. The. Weather. — Yesterday afternoon !a nice shower of rain fell in Toowoombii.aud this morning two heavy showers, aacom panied with thunder and lightning, passed over the town, ' filling the water channels. The showers wo ? feave bad rocentiy are already producing a very beaeficial effect on Vegetation, and there are isost encouraging prospects of an early spring.'. ? WlIKAlC . JN .THE VVAEWIPK i»rSrBICT.-^ A few issues back ' .we quoted some figures ?from the Warwick- Argus respecting1 the area under wheat in that district, from which our contemporary, thinks our readors vpuld infer that the 1,66'i acres therein statod roprosented the .whqlco£'.thc( area under wheat in that distriet- His ( report was o£ a progressive character, and'hiis since been supplemented by returus .froui .Itairpr Swan- Creok anil Jack Smiths Gnlly,' ?030 jcres ; and Upper, Swan Creek, (J9-4 acres; increasing tho area from 1664 to 4388 acres. The Fi'oustone Creek returns aro expected to augment this quantity acres; making the total area nearly' oy 2500 ?7000 acres. , , p.tTBENSLA5»p , KpLE (ASSOCIATION. — 'A 'mootiug of the Council 'of the Quoonalatid liifle Association was. held in the Brigade Office on Monday evoniuK, whon tho Chair man read a lettor from Mr. J. M. Brydoh, announeuig his resignation ? as secretary; whjch was accepted with very much regret. The Council lisa, gxed on Tuesday, the 17th October, for tlie . cDmmenceraont -of the Annual iliilo Matchos, and will publish the programme in the oourse of a low day's.— To-day's Observer. OubP.uicb Magistrate.— Tho Warwick Aryus of Tuesday (yesterday) says s— We understand Unit Mr, Hurray takes his de parture from Warwick to-morrow (SVodnes day) morning. A meeting of gentlemen was held in tlio Council Chaflibers on Saturday pttotf&ou; last to take steps for the presents bitiou of a testimonial to Mr. Murray on his departure from amongst us. His Wor- , ellip the Mayor occupied tho , ohair. and , ttero was a good attendance. 'It was ^?usouimoualy agreed that a ' testimonial aIj0«ld bo prosented, and an influential com miti. *e waH appoincoa v- carry ouc ims ODjecc. Mr. \i*urray s departure being so uear.at1. ihnn'd, it \\.'8S decided that it would bo advis able to nliott' him *° Bet J»atbled in his new ihome boforo ni'«HlB8 the preseatation, /or -the ipurposoof rebo'uW'*!1^11 te-*to'b6inviUA fro pay a short v^ *° Warwick about a t nonth henco. A con^'aorable sum of money ivas subscribed in tho ^oom. Mr. J. \V. 5itaok having boesx appointed honorary neoro. t ary, and sovoral matters, of a?tail arranged, the meeting adjourndd^t:!!.tbe flth prox., at 3^.30 p.m. Wo tako this opporfij^ity ot wlsn' ijag Mr. Murray and his family ovev^C,£r03' n-erity ia their now home ? . . j .. '? ,.,.7^ A M. Tntcouris, tho new Greok Premier, is | si ated to hnvo refused to endorse his predc- I cessor'scoavontion forpermittiagoxploratioua 0B tha Bite oJ Delphi, I 