FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) LOVE'S MADNESS. CHAPTER XVII. " TO BE, OR NOT TO BE." Ah, me ! what matter ? The world goes round, And bliss and bale are but outside things ; I never can lose what in him I found, Though love be sorrow with half-grown wings ; And if love flies when we are young. Why life is still not long -- not long. -- Miss Muloch " It has been almost a month since I saw you,'' Conway says, drawing the small hand of Lulu within his arm as they saunter down a shady path where the crape myrtle boughs meet over their heads, showering pink blossoms in prodigal sweetness beneath their feet. No answer. She is looking ahead at a little bird hopping timidly about the path, and only turns to him when he goes on pathetically : " I have missed you so much." " You knew where I lived," she answers, dryly. An amused smile outlines itself around the corners of his handsome mouth. " So you think it is solely my own fault that I have missed you -- have not seen you. Well, perhaps it is -- yet --" "Yet what ?" " Oh! nothing -- it does not matter." "No, I suppose not," she responds, a little scornfully, " nothing seems to matter much to you, Mr. Conway. I believe you have found the fabled Lotos. It would suit you, and such as you, " In the hollow Lotos-land to live and lie reclined On the hills like gods together, careless of mankind." " Whew ! since when has my little Brownie learned to be sarcastic?? he queries, in genuine astonishment, trying to look into her face, but it is turned away from him, and she is idly stripping the thorns from the stem of a rose she has just broken. Ah ! if she could only as easily eradicate the thorns that rankle in her gentle heart. " Why don't you talk to me," he says, pettishly. " And have I not been talking ?" turning an innocent, unconscious face toward him, a piquant smile on her lips. "I know, but without taking any interest," he says, in an injured tone. " Don't you care to talk ? Are you weary of me ?" "Weary of you," she laughs. " Ah ! that gives me a pretext to quote poetry to you," and she repeats with a very faint tremor in her voice, the delicious lines of Mrs. Osgood : " Weary of you! I should weary as soon Of a fountain playing its low lute tune, With its mellow contralto lapsing in Like a message of love through this worldly din." He looks down into the faintly flushed face with a light, triumphant smile she does not see. He knows as well, and better than herself, how much she means the poetry that she has repeated in that light, jesting tone. " Thank you !" he answers only. " I wish I could think you meant it." She stoops suddenly and breaks off a half-dozen great purplish velvet pansies from a bed on the side of the patch, and puts them into his hands. "'There's pansies -- that's for thoughts," she says, gaily. " Think what you will." "May I think that you love me ?" he queries, mischievously, as only Brace Conway can do. [?] siad think what you will," she answers, [? suddenly] crimson. "But why are you [?] pansies away?" [?] crimsons his fair forehead, too. [?] the other as he answers: [?] pansies; they are too sad. [?] down this path with my [?] look up at me bathed in [?] romantic, child, but [?] eyes wimming in [?] darkness A shiver thrills her from hand to foot ; the blue heavens darken above her head ; the warm and fragrant air that rushes down the myrtle avenue sickens her almost to fainting. Passionate bliss is always closely allied to passionate pain. " To be, or not to be ?" he questions softly, bending over the drooping form, though he feels very sure in his heart what the answer will be. She is silent, leaning more heavily on his arm, her face growing white and mournful, " Dear, am I to take silence for consent?" he persists, as though talking to a petulant child who is going to yield, he knows. I asked you is it to be or not to be ?" "Not." She outdoes his usual laconics, in this speciman of brevity. It is fully a minute before he recovers from his astonishment enough to laugh. "Don't jest with me, Lulu, I am in earnest." "So am I." For answer he lifts her face and scrutinizes it closely. The soft gaze meets his -- half-happy, half-grieved -- like a doubtful child's. " You are not in earnest, Lulu. You do love me -- you will be my wife." " I cannot." He stops still under a tall myrtle, and puts his arm around her slim, girlish waist. " Brownie, wilful, teasing little fairy that you are \-- you cannot, you will not deny that you love me can you, honestly, now !" " I have not denied it -- have I?" her gaze falling before his. "Not in so many words, perhaps; but you refuse to be my wife -- if you loved me, how could you?" " If I loved you I would still refuse. "Brownie, why?" " Because -- " " That is a woman's reason. Give me a better one " " How can I, a woman, give you a better one?" she answers, evasively, tilting the brim of her hat a little further over her face. She does not want him to see the red and white flushes hotly coming and going. " Because a better one is due me," he persists, his earnestness strengthened by her refusal, "surely a man, when he lays his heart, and hand, and fortune at a lady's feet, deserves a better reason for his refusal than 'because.' " Her cheek dimples archly a moment, but she brightens as she says, almost inaudibly : " Well, then, it is because you do not love me." " Lulu, silly child, why should I ask you to be my wife, then ? I do love you -- as love goes nowadays -- fondly and truly." " Ah ! that is it," she cries bitterly, " as love goes nowadays -- and I do not want such love -- my heart where it loves, resigns its whole ardent being, and it will not take less in return." " And have I offered you less ?" reproachfully this. She nods in silence. " Lulu, dear, unreasonable child that you are -- why do you think I do not love you. Be candid with me and let us understand one another. I will not be offended at anything you say to me." " Nothing ?" "Nothing! If you can show just cause why and wherefore such a thing as my not loving you can be, I surely cannot be offended." " I know you love me a little," she returns, trying to speak lightly and calmly, " but I also know, dear Bruce, that your heart, it may be unconsciously to yourself, but still retains too much of its old feeling for one I need not name, for you to love me as I should like to be loved. Understand that I am not blaming you for this, but you know in your heart, Bruce, that were she free and would she listen to your suit, you would not look twice at poor me." " Another home-thrust! He stands fire like a soldier, rallies and meets her with another shot. "This from you Lulu, I did not think it in you to twit me with loving another man's wife!" " I did not mean it that way," she answers, flushed and imploringly, "I meant -- only meant to show you, Bruce, that I could not -- oh! that I cared too much for you to be happy with you unless your love was strong and deep as mine." " I did not think you could be so jealous and exacting, child," " I am not jealous nor exacting. I am only true to my woman's nature," she answers, sweetly and firmly. " Nonsense !" he answers, brusquely, " let all that pass -- I do love you Brownie, not as I loved her, I own it. But you are so sweet and lovable that it will be easy for you to fill up my heart, to the exclusion of all other past love. Try it and see dear. Promise me that you will give yourself to me. " I cannot." " Is that final ?" "Final!" she gasped, as white as her dress and leaning unwillingly against his shoulder. " Why, Brownie, child dearest, look up -- heavens ! she is fainting," cried Bruce, and taking her in his arms he ran into a little pavilion near by, and laying her down, on the low, rustic bench within, opened the gold stoppered bottle of salts that swung by a golden chain to her belt, and applied it to her nostrils. She struggled up to a sitting posture and drew a long breath, while tears rolled over her cheeks. Both little white hands were uplifted to prevent another application of the pungent salts. " Don't, please," she said, " you are taking away all the breath I have left." "You deserve some such punishment for your cruelty to me," he retorts in a very good humor with himself and her, for he feels he has done his duty in his second love affair, and if she will not marry him why that is her own affair -- and he cheerfully swallows his chagrin, and also a spice of genuine regret as he smiles down at her. "I am going back, if you please," she steps out of the pavilion while speaking and he attends her. As they walk silently along he gathers a flower here and there, the rarest that blow in the garden, and putting them together they grow into a graceful bouquet before they reach the house. Then he presents it with the kindest of smiles and quite ignoring the unkind cut she has given his vanity. She takes it, thanks him, and notes with quick eyes that no roses, no white ones at least, nor pansies are there -- those flowers are sacred to memory, or, perchance, remorse. " We may be friends at least ?" he queries, trying to look into the eyes that meet his unwillingly. And "always, I hope," she answers, as they reach the piazza steps. Mrs. Winons is at the piano singing for her hostess, [?] agony settles down on Lulu's racked [?] as the rich, sweet, highly-trained voice floats [?] them as they ascend the steps, blending its [?] the deep melancholy notes of old ocean [?] words of an old song that is a [?] Conway's: [?] departed days, [?] whispered them. [?] a feeling plays [?] again [?] around you cast [?] past, [?] little one," he CHAPTER XVIII. "OTHER REFUGE HAVE I NONE." " There's a stone -- the Asbestos -- that flung in the flame, Unsullied comes forth with a color more pure -- Thus shall virtue, the victim of sorrow and shame, Refined by the trial, forever endure." OSGOOD. Mrs. Winans sat in her dressing-room before the mirror in the softest of easy- chairs, the daintiest of dressing-gowns, under the skilful hands of Norah, whom she had retained as her personal attendant. It was a chilly night in November, but a soft warmth pervaded the rooms which were heated by Latrobe stoves in the basement of the house, and the light, and fragrance, and beauty within seemed even more delightful by contrast with the cold winds that whistled sharply and sullenly without. A look of sadness was noticeable on Norah's rosy face, as with gentlest touches she brushed out the long curls of Grace's hair that crinkled and waved in spite of all effort to straighten it. "Norah, Mrs Winans had said, a moment before, " it is the fifteenth day of November -- do you recollect? Little Paul -- dear little baby -- is two years old to-night." " And sure did I not recollect ?" answered Norah brushing away a quick- starting tear; "but I do not speak of it to you hoping it had escaped your own memory." " As if I could forget," murmured Grace, looking down, and beginning to slip the diamond ring that blazed on her taper finger nervously off and on, "as if I could forget." " 'Tis so strange he can't be found," mused Norah, keeping time to her words with the brush that she was plying on that lovely hair, "and such a great reward offered by his father for his restoration -- forty thousand dollars -- why that's a fortune itself. Mrs. Winans, have you heard nothing of the matter lately ?" " Miss Clendenon received a letter from her brother yesterday -- she came around to tell me this morning \-- in which he stated there was positively not the slightest clue yet. The supposition is that -- oh! Norah, think of it! -- is that my little boy is dead. Captain Clendenon is coming home by Christmas -- he has been in Europe ever since February now, and even he, hopeful as he was, has given up the search as vain!" "And your husband, ma'am ? Has he also given up the search ? Is he, too, coming home? " asked Norah, cautiously. " He has put the whole affair in the hands of skilful detectives to be kept up six months longer, then if unsuccessful to be abandoned as hopeless. Captain Clendenon has the management of his business affairs, and will take charge of this as of the others. Senator Winars himself, Norah, has gone over to Paris -- to France." "To France?" Norah echoes in surprise, "why there is a war there -- the French are fighting the Dutch." " Yes, there is a war there," comes the low reply, " my husband is by birth a Louisianian, Norah, and partly, I believe, of French extraction -- his whole sympathies are with that nation. He has joined the French army and is gone to fight the Germans -- ah ! there goes my ring -- pick it up, Norah. It has rolled away under the sofa." Norah obeys and in silence replaces the ring on the little hand that in spite of the warmth pervading the room is cold and icy as she takes it in hers. " You are nervous," she ventures to say, watching the still, impassive face, "will you take some valerian, wine, or something." " Nothing, Norah," but all the same Norah goes out and comes back with a silver salver holding a small Venetian goblet of ruby wine. " Just a few drops," she urges with loving voice, and touching the glass to the pale lips. " I think you always take your own way, Norah," her mistress answers as she takes the goblet and drains it obediently. " Now, finish my hair, please, and you can go. It is almost eleven o'clock." Silently Norah obeys, gathering up the shining mass in her hands, and twisting it into a burnished coil at the back of the small head where she confines it with a diminutive silver comb. Then with a wistful sigh, and pitying backward glance, she says good night and Grace is left alone. Alone ! how cruelly alone ! All her life-time now it seems to her she will be thus solitary. She leans her small head back, and stares vacantly at the face whose wondrous beauty is reflected there in the mirror, and a light, scornful smile curves her lips as she thinks : " Is this the form -- That won his praises night and morn She thought : my spirit is here alone, Walks forgotten, and is forlorn." Rising suddenly, she threw up the window and looked out into the night. A gust of cold wind and rain blew into her face. She faced it a moment, then shutting down the window and dropping the crimson curtains together, passed into her sleeping apartment. But she could not rest. Her downy pillows might have been a bed of thorns. She rose, and gliding across the floor and, pausing one moment in grave irresolution, put her hand on the sliding door of the adjoining nursery, pushed it open, and entered by the light that streamed from her own apartment. All was still and silent here. Shadows lay on everything as heavy as those that clouded her life. She stood gazing mutely around her for an instant, then with a low smothered sob of agony, rushed forward, and pushing up the sweeping Valenciennes canopy of the rose-wood crib that stood in the centre of the room, buried her face in the small pillow that still held the impress of a baby head. Then silence fell. Some women carry beneath a calm, perhaps smiling, face, a deeper pain than was ever clothed in words or tears. The acme of human suffering crushes, paralyzes some hearts into terrible silence. It was thus with Grace. Her sorrow had sunk to the bottom of the sea of anguish, so deep that not a ripple on the surface, not a sparkling drop leaped up to show where it fell. Ten, fifteen, twenty minutes went by. She lifted her face at last -- as white and chill as that of the dead, but lighted by " Melancholy eyes divine, The home of woe without a tear." She comes to this room as to a grave. Over the grave of the child of her heart she may never kneel. She fancies it in her mind sometimes away under foreign skies, lying in the shadow of some [?] English church, with not a flower on its [?] ound unless Nature, more loving than cold humanity, has dropped it there like a jewel in the glass. She sees the sunshine lying on it in the quiet always, hears the birds, the only thing that ever sings in a grave- yard, warbling matin songs and vesper hymns in the ivy that clings to the imaginary old church. There she may never kneel -- here are gathered all her simple mementoes of him -- " Playthings upon the carpet. And dainty little shoes -- With snow-white caps and dresses That seem too fair to use." There is the crib where she has watched his rosy slumbers ; there in the corner is the little bathtub where she has seen the dimpled, struggling limbs flashing through the diamond spray of cold water, like polished marbles; there upon the wall, smiling down at her in its infantile beauty and joy, hangs the pictured semblance of the face that her foreboding heart whispers to her is moldering into kindred dust beneath the coffin-lid. This room is to her alike a shrine and a grave. In [?] the room [?] [?] hears [?] midnight [?] thronging ghost [?] exquisite wedded [?] eyed husband who has [?] shudders and tries to put [?] eyed husband who bas But she cannot. She has tried [?] her child was left, with "baby fingers [?] him from the mother's breast," she had [?] her husband away from her heart -- tried to tent with his darling little prototype -- tried with all the strength of her resolute young soul to crush her love for bim. But there are some things that the strongest and bravest of us cannot do. Love is " beyond us all ;" the battle is not always to the strong ; success does not always crown the bravest efforts. It is something to know that they who fail are sometimes braver than they who succeed. Now when the little child was such a darling comfort to her sad and lonely life is so rudely wrested from that yearning heart, her thoughts irresistibly centre about the father of her child. She had loved her baby best -- the maternal love was more deeply developd in her than the conjugal -- but even then her husband had been blessed with a fervent, tender worship that is the overflow of only such deep, strong natures as hers -- natures prodigal of sweetness. Latterly when the terrible news that he had six months before joined the army of France had come to her with all its terrible possibilities, she had only begun to fathom the depths of her unsounded love for him. It amazed herself -- she put it from her with angry pain, and rushed into the whirl of social life to keep herself from thinking; wore the mask of smiles above her pain, and sunned herself in the light of admiring eyes, but though fashion and pride and station bowed low to the senator's deserted wife, acknowledging her calm supremacy still, though sympathy and curiosity -- (softly be it spoken) met her with open arms, though the wine cup circled in the gay and brilliant coterie, it held no Lethean draught for her, and weary and heart-sick she turned from it all, and sought oblivion in the seclusion of home, and the ever welcome company of cheerful Lulu Clendenon. But her heart would not be satisfied thus. Failing in its earthly love and hope, true to itself through all her mistakes and follies, the heaven-born soul yearned for more than all this to fill up its aching vacancy, for more than all this to bind round the tortured heart and keep it from breaking. Where shall I turn ? she asked herself as with folded arms she paced the floor with rapid steps keeping time to the falling rain outside that poured in swift torrents as " though the heart of heaven were breaking in tears o'er the fallen earth." Human love, human ties seemed lost to her, earth offered no refuge from her suffering. Poor, wronged, and tortured young spirit, " breathing in bondage but to bear the ills she never wrought" -- where could she turn but to Him who pours the oil of comfort on wounds that in His strange providence may grow to be " blessings in disguise ?" She paused in the middle of the floor, lifting her eyes mournfully upward, half-clasping her hands, wavered an instant, then falling on her knees, lifted reverent hands and eyes while from her lips broke the humble rhymic prayer : " Other refuge have I none. Helpless to Thy cross I cling ; Cover my defenceless head, With the shadow of Thy wing.'' Surely if " He giveth his angels charge concerning us," that pure, heart-wrung petition floated upward on wings seraphic. CHAPTER XIX. A NEW YEAR'S GIFT. " And why, if we must part, Lulu! Why let me love you so? Nay, waste no more your sweet farewells, I cannot let you go -- Not let you go, Lulu! I cannot let you go!" MRS. OSGOOD. On the following Christmas morning Mrs. Clendenon, Mrs. Winans, and Lulu, together with the returned captain, all attended divine service at the Protestant Episcopal Church. It seems strange how many of us become recognized members of the Church of Christ under religious conviction, without ever having any great and realizing sense of the saving power of God, not only in the matter of the world beyond, but in the limitless power of sustaining us among the trials of this. This had been peculiarly the case with our heroine. She had for years been a member of the Episcopal Church, and, as the world goes, a dutiful member. But religion had been to her mind too much in the abstract, too much a thing above and beyond her to be taken into her daily life in the part of a comforter and sustainer. She had gone to the world for consolation in the hour of her trial. It had failed her. To-day as the glorious old "Te Deum" rose and soared grandly through the arches of the temple of worship, filling her soul with sublime pathos, she began to see how He, who had dimly held to her the place of a Saviour in the world beyond, is an ever present Comforter and sustainer in the fateful Gethsemane of this probationary earth. Captain Clendenon, as he sat by her side and heard the low, musical voice as it uttered the prayerful responses to the Litany, thought her but little lower than the angels. She in her deep and newly roused humility felt herself scarcely worthy to take the name of a long misunderstood Saviour on her lips. Few of the congregation who commented, on dispersing, relative to the pearl- fair beauty and elegant apparel of the Senator's deserted wife, fathomed the feelings that throbbed tumultuouely beneath that pale, calm bearing as they left the sacred edifice. " Lulu," she queried later, as up in the young lady's dressing-room they laid aside their warm wrappings and furs. "Lulu, what do you do for Christ?" Lulu turned about in some surprise : "What do l do for Christ ?" she repeated. "Oh, Gracie, too little, I fear," "Tell me," she persisted. Well, then, I have my Sabbath-school class, my list of Christ's poor whom I visit and aid to the best of my ability, my missionary fund, and finally, Gracie, dearest, whatever my hand "findeth to do," I try to do with all my might." Gracie stood still, twisting one of the long curls that swept to her waist over one diamond-ringed white finger. "Darling, why do you ask ?" Lulu said with her arm about the other's waist. The fair cheek nestled confidingly against Lulu's own. "I want to help you, if you will let me -- let me go with you on your errands for Christ. I belong to the world no longer. Show me how to fill up the measure of my days with prayerful work for the Master. One pearly drop from Lulu's eyes fell down on the golden head that had pillowed itself on her breast. "God, I thank Thee," she murmured, " that there is joy in heaven to-day over the lamb that has come into the fold." She whispered it to brother Willie that day at a far corner of the parlor when they happened to be alone for a moment together. fully [?] She did [?] "You did[?] bravery, his gentle[?] has risen to the ram[?] France?" A soldierly flash [?] " Yes," she answered in a low [?] it in the newspapers." "You have? Then you have [?] he --" He paused, looking down at her quiet face in [?] perplexity and doubt. "That he -- what?'" she asked, looking up at him, and growing slightly pale. "I do not know how to tell you, if you do not know," his eyes, full of grave compassion, fixed on hers. One of her small hands groped blindly out, and clung firmly to his arm. "Captain Clendenon, I know that the Franco- Prussian war is ended. Is that what you mean? Is he -- my husband -- is he coming home -- to America? She read in his eyes the negative she felt he could not speak, "Tell me," she said, desperately, "if he is not coming home, what is it? I am braver than you think. I can bear a great deal. Is he -- is he dead?" "May God have mercy on your poor, tired little soul," he answered, solemnly. "It is more than we know. In the last great battle, General Winans was wounded near unto death, and left on the field. Whatever his fate was -- whether he was buried, unshrouded and uncoffined, like many of those poor fellows, in an unknown grave, or whether an unknown fate met him, is as yet uncertain. We hope for the best while we fear the worst." One hand still lay on his coat-sleeve -- the other one followed it, clasped itself over it and she laid her white face down upon them creeping closer to him as if to shield herself against his strong, true heart from the storms that beaton her frail woman-life. One moment he felt the wild throb of her agonized heart against his own; then all was still. Lifting the lifeless form on his arm, he laid it on a sofa, and called to Lulu: "I had to tell her!" he exclaimed. " She did not bear it as well as we hoped. I am afraid I have killed her." Ah! grief seldom kills. If it did, this fair world would not have so many of us striving, busy atoms struggling for its possession. She came back to life again lying still and white in Lulu's loving arms. Captain Clendenon and his mother went out and left them together. They would not intrude on the sore heart whose wound they could not heal. " After all we can hope still," Lulu said, chee[?] "All is uncertainty, and mere conjecture. [?] can still hope on, until something more definite [?] known. " Hope," repeated the listener, mournfully. "Hope yes," was the firm reply. ''Hope and pray. One of Brother Willie's favorite maxims is that hope springs eternal in the human breast." "I can bear it," came softly from the other. I have borne so much, I can still endure. With God's help I will be patient under all." "Whom he loveth, he chasteneth," answered Lulu When New Year's day came with its social gaieties, receptions, and friendly calls, one of Lulu's latest and most surprising visits was from our old friend, Bruce Conway. He had not called on her for a long time, and she had heard that he was in Washington. The warm blood suffused her face as she stood alone in the parlor with his card in her hand, and it grew rosier as he entered, and with his inimitable, indolent grace, paid the compliments of the season. " You do not ask me where I have been these many days," he said as be sipped the steaming mocha she offered him in the daintiest of China cups. She never offered her friends wine. "I had heard that you were in Washington," she answered, apologetically. "Right -- and what was I doing there? Can you undertake to guess ?" " I am sure it is beyond me." This with her most languid air. "Flirting, perhaps." . A light smile curves his moustached lip. Certainly this little beauty, he thinks, is "good at guessing." "Have your callers been many to-day?" he asked. " Quite a number of my friends have called -- all, I think. I expect no more this evening," she answers, demurely. "I am glad of that. I shall have you all to myself. Lulu -- wilful, indifferent still, since you will not ask my object in Washington, I will e'en tell you anything." " Go on -- I am listening." Putting down the cup he had finished, he seated himself on the sofa by her side, good-humoredly taking no notice of the fact that she moved a little farther away from him. "How pretty you are looking, ma belle. Your blue silk is the loveliest shade -- so becoming ; your laces exquisite. Scarlet geraniums in your hair ah ! Lulu, for whose sake?" "Not for yours," she flashes, with a hot remembrance that he had always liked her in scarlet geraniums. A slow smile dawns in his eyes -- his lips keep their pretence of gravity. " Her hair is braided not for me, Her eye has turned away" he begins to hum. " All this is not telling me what mischief you were at in Washington?" she interrupts. " Oh," trying to look demure but woefully failing, "no mischief at all -- only paying off old scores spoiling Fontenay's fun for him as he did for me last winter. " 'Satan finds some mischief still For idle hands to do.' "Miss Clendenon, your are hard on a poor fellow. Why don't you ask her name, if she is pretty, if she is in the set, if she is rich, and so on, ad infinitum?" " I hardly care to know," she answers with pretty unconcern. " Hardly care to know -- now, really? I shall tell you anyhow. Well, she is an heiress, is pretty, in her second Washington season, father in the banking business, and Fontenay, despairing of winning you, has transferred his 'young affections' to her. She rather likes him -- will marry him perhaps, but then --" "But then?" "She likes me, too, and I have teased the gallant captain considerably. Oh, the drives I have bad with the fair Cordelia, the gas-light flirtations, the [?] [?] afflicted by [?] Marons, a [?] paid yesterday. ubscription will be ¿I, .NEY. Wednesday, jxcitement was caused by a case "sine Court yesterday, li WRB an ae by John M'Donald «or a license for . the Blajney Railway station. The . was opposed by a number of residents, ground that there was no t-ecesBity for the at present, and thal if another lice: '-a were .ated it would be injurious to the inormity of the is trie t and wuuld bo a couatant source of annoyance to the travelling public, as there would be more than ordinary temptation placed in the .way of railway employes Mr Hellyer, of Bathurst, and Mr Dodd, oí Circoar, supported the application, and Messrs M'Lacblan ol Orange, and Tucker of Bim ney, appeared for the ob- jectors. The case put forward by the applicants was that more hotel accommodation was necessary, and that travellers had to put up with great incon- veniences through not being able to get beds on arrival in town It also transpired that the Com- missioner for Railways had sent instructions to the Btation-master to oppose the license on the ground that au hotel situated so close to the railway station was not desirable. It was shown by Mr M'Lacblan that the inspector of licences had not reported tho house aa in a fit condition for licensing. It contained no furniture, and was not completed. He therefore applied to have the application dismissed. The ap- plicant, tbrongh his attorney, applied for an adjourn- ment for three days, on the grounds that sufficient notice had not been given The bench decided to adjourn the case for a fortnight for the production of further evidence and also directed the inspector to visit the house and report on it. The case lasted all day. TEMORA. Wednesday. [Herald,']-There is little doubt that the beautiful aurora that was witnessed the other night has in- fluenced the weather, for yesterday and to-day were quite close and oppressive, Mr Davidson, of East Mandamah, who saw the aurora at his station, be- lieves it to be the precur or of an unu«uall> wet season. Mr. Davidson is a very old resident of the district from infancy, and he remembers only seeing the phenomenon twice befar--the last time in 1870, and on each occasion a long period of arougbt has broken up, and a very wet season has followed, BO much so, that in taking cattle over to Melbourne the country was almost impassable. Great excitement is manifested about the pr gross committee election on Satuday next, and much p»rty feeling is being display ed, Toe miners require the body to be fair) j representative of the mining com- munity, which the other side ara opposing. Thursday. [Ecko ]-Sub-Inspector Lyons has made full in- quiry intu the Fitzpatrick affair, and finds the repre- sentations to be untrue. All aroBe out of a collection being made tor the woman's burial expenses. The woman was attended by Dr Crawford. Mr. Lyons offered to assist Fitzpatrick this morning, but he declined to be classed as ajiauper. Wright, Jones, and party are going to crush 30 tons imbrian etone from Sebastopol. it are going through the crushing .rfneing at Upper Temora is giving n?. Two nuggets were unearthed Boyd and party, and the other bj "nek cue \>aterman-the lormer 5joz, the latter 6¿oz This morning, after putting in a shot at Bourke'e reef, the debris being cleared awaj, disclosed magni- ficent stone, gold thoroughly imp-egnating the quartz. The manager, Mr. Bj re, speaks m the high- est terms of the discovery. Some most surprising etone has been found in tbo Fanny Parnell, gold be- ing thick in the solid reef. Mr. Byro will crush from Bourke's next week, Since the Aurora Australis the weather has been ex- ceedingly close and oppressive Nil Desperandum Company affairs were settled this morning, money to clear off the bailiff being sent. from Melbourne, Shsmr ck and Company's etone, this morning, is looking better than ever; the reeF is from l8 inches to 2 feet wide, and gol i as large as peas well distri-1 buted throughout the solid stone. Shares sold at 2s 7d. A very rich gold-bearing reef waa struck last night I on the flat to the south and west of tomyu's Royal Hotel. The ground is pegged out m all directions The ground on Bailey's ridge, where the Ballarat tunnellers are in 70 feet, is being pegged out this morning, owing to a report of gold being found on the snrtace, ORANGE. Wednesday, [Herald J-To day, Edols' steam machinery for dam sinking steamed through the town on the way to ForbeB. The plant consists of. three powerful engines, ploughs, scoop, and trucks. It is estimated that the cost of dam making with these appliances will be one-thud less than that of manual labour, The weather is cloudy ; no ram has fallen yet. BRAIDWOOD. Wednesday. [Herald] - We are having splendid spring weather. There ia a nice growth everywhere, and it is now threatening more rain. Since the new Publicans' \ct carne into force, there has not been one drunkard per month, and no publicans have been summoned by the police, WAGGA. Thursday. [Echo ]-The crossings of stock are only local, very few routes being available for travelling stock ; the fat stock market is quiet, only a few lots being ia the district; in store cattle there isa demand for well-grown bullocks ; for store sheep the demand is good, and if we have a further fall of rain soon large lots will change bands ; sales are unimportant. The weather is fine; nights coo!, ram wanted. BRISBANE. Wednesday. [Herald.']-A telegram has been received by the Minister of Mines from Mr. Jack, Government geolo- gist, who states that coal measures extend from a point on Cooktown-road, 19 miles from Palmerville, and six miles down the Little River Valley, the average width being one mile The coal seams ora numerous and thick. Mr. Jack found one seam very good, and probably there are many more. Thursday. [Echo] -A telegram from Normanton states that no mail has been received since January, and the people are isolated from the world. Mr Blair lost 300 fat cattle on the Nicholson River. Over 1000 fat cattle en route for the markets. A man named Tooks has been drowned in the Flinders River. The blacks are killing cattle on the Gregory Downs. Sixty have been killed on Punjaub alone MELBOURNE. Wednesday. [Herald ]-William Kennedy, an old colonist and S pioneer squatter at Riverina, died this morning at St, Kilda, after a lingering illness, at the age of 51 yews. In conjunction with his brother, he owned the Ticehurst station, Lachlan district, It bas been ascertained that the man Burns, who is accused of the murder of a navvy near Stawell, waa seen going in the direction of the place where the headless trunk of the murdered man was found, carrying an axe, at about the time the murder was committed. _ " The Tariff Commission on visiting Ballarat, yester- day, were informed that 72,000 gallons of whisky were turned out annually by the Warrenheip Dis The damage done by the fire at Messrs. Steinfeld and Levinson's furniture factory, early this morning, is under ¿1000. The premises were insured for £1000 in the South Australian Company, and for £760 in the Victorian Company. >f Railways at | it for a bun- ' ¿e i, -a m use on ti rvcent he colony .nuch atme -.y of the tem. .traordioary freak o Jealous .me un ier the notice > irtthis .ing. A stalwart woman . _ Kil luff, yeirs of age, was brought beti inch fully attired in man's clothing, on a charh ulting be- haviour. It appeared that the woman, .-ing jealous of her huBband, who is a cab driver, attired herself in B suit of his clothing for the purpose of watching him. She was arrested at 1 o'clock this morning at West Melbourne. The woman who seemed greatiy aahi'tned, promised not to offend again, and waB dis- charged. The Yan Yean rpservoir is now5 inches 'ower tban at any previous time, the- depth of water being on'y 16 feet 3 inches. A young man named William. Holmes was to day committed for tri-vl on a charge*of horse stealing at Ringwood. The Hon. Wm. Campbull has given a chisque for ¿400 to the Old Colonists' Association, t e appro- priated for the erecti 'n of a cottage. At the annual meeting of the City albourne Bank a dividend of 8 per cent was' d, £3000 being carried to the reserve fund, an J carried forward. The ordinary generil meeting of G igh and Co,, Limited,was held to-day, anda recom- mending a dividend Bt the rate of 10 p ent. per annum WHS adopted. The Tneatre rio* al Proprietary Association have declared a dividend of 15 per cent, for the quarter. A veteran volunteer corps, consisting of 102 mem- bers, was formed this evening, subject to the a p proval of the Government and Comnmsioner-in-cbier. A committee was appointed to ascertain Colonel Huttoa's views on the subject Only ex-soldiers of the Itnperinl army will be admitted, The Governor and Lady Normanby visited the Abbotsford Convent today, and were conducted through the building. > hey were presented with two addresses by tte children, nnd his Excellency expressed his high appreciation of the establish- ment, Great surprise is expressed in cricketing circles at the statement contain d in a London cable message that two of Shaw's team were ia collusion with the bookmakers. The statement, which is not generally believed, is considered to have no better foundation than certain rumours to a similar effect which were in circulation here whilst the team were in the colonies, but in which cricketers placed no credence. The Ford Board took evidence to-day as to *he charge that Ford had given extensive orders /or goods to Bain and Sen, without tendering. Wit- nesses stated that when the orders were given trade was depressed, and the several firmB would hate tendered much below the prices paid; that articles for which 478 6d, was charged on the occasion in question, were sioce supplied for 28s by the same firm, though the market was now in on improved state, The Minieter of Railways informed a deputation to-day that steps were being taken to invite tenders for a quarter of million's worth of rolling stock, the contract to extend over long terms, to encourage colonial firms to compete. A meeting of tba creditors of Irey and Co., pro- duce merchants, Ballarat and Sydney, was held to- day. The balance sheet was submitted, showing liabilities £9434 ; deficiency, £3150. It was resolved to accept 12s Gd in the £, in half- crown instalments, and Ivey's'own bill at twelve months, with an approved guarantee, to be accepted for the last instalment, The half-yearly balance-sheet of the Colonial Bank, just published, is of a very satisfactory character. The groes pouts have risen during six months from £62,107 to £06,000 £6500 waa ndded to the reserve fund which has increased to £100,000, The line to Korong Vale, being the first section of the Inglewood and Charlton Urie, waa formally opened to-day. Clarke, a publican at Richmond, was charged «t the Criminal ** A, to-day, with the manslaughter of a clerk nt ~v.u J ones, who died in the hospital from erysipeLs supervening on a wound from a pistol shot fired by the prisoner. The prisoner waa discharged. The Australian Pastoral Investment Association is being floated here, Thursday. [Echo,J-A fatal railway accident occurred at half past 12 this morning on the Williamstown line As the train was crossing Stoney Creek Bridge, a fireman named John M'Ewiin, 22 years old, fell from the foot plate ot the engine, ^e was picked up and con- veyed to the Melbour.o,Hospital dead. On arrival his head was found to be Srush»d, the brains protrud- ing, and one foot completely cut open. r* is believed that he was leaning out, and was struck jy a projecting portion of the bridge. He was married, and leaves one qt .id. The Nardoo, barque, has arrived at Geelong, with a cargo of hemp, from Sebu. MKLBOUa.VE LIVK STOCK MABKKT. Melbourne, Wednesday. \He>nld.] -Messrs, Dal, Campbell and Co. report : -Fat Cattle : 1800 forward, a large proportion good and useful, und brisk sales took place at last week's rates. We quote beet pens bullocks at £10 5s to £12 7s Od ; second £8 10a to £9 10s; beat cows, £7 15?. Fat Sbfep : 14,000 forward, but only about 8000 were fit for the butcher. For best descriptions prices show a slight advance: bpBt merino wethers made 12s ; second 8s 6d to 10s öd. Mesera. Power, Rutherford, and Co. report: - Fat Cattle : 1870 yarded ; prices slightly higher than last week. We sold 140 through the yards. Sheep: 14,300 yarded; prime quality advanced a little cn late rates. We sold 3,810 through the yards and 50U0 stores outside. Messrs. King and Cunningham report:-Fat Cattle: 1S00 forward, Victorian, principally from Gippsland and the north-eastern district. The quality on the whole was better thin of late ; prices about tbe same. Best pens bullocks made to £12 7s ßd ; good, £8 10a ; beat cows, £710a. We sold drafts from Gippsland and near towD. Sheep: 14,000 penned; very few prime wethers, and wasted. Prices were easier for the latter. Prime crossbreds made 7s ; good, to 14s 6d. We sold 1900 Victorian. Lambs, 2000, sold to 11s. Messrs. R. .Gibson and Co. report : Fat Cattle : 1900 yarded, consisting of a much larger proportion than usual of good and prime quality, chiefly from Gipps- land and Upper Murray districts. The demand was good, and satisfactory prices were fully maintained. We quote best pens of bullocks £10 to£127B6d, and [ sold 350 head for different owners. Fat Sheep : 14,000 forward, which was not sufficient for trade re- quirements. All sales were readily effected at slightly advanced rates. We quote prime crossbred wethera to 17s ; best merinos yarded, 11s. We sold 6000 for various owners, ADELAIDE Wednesday. [Herald.]-Over seventy old scholars of St. Peter's Collegiate ¡School met this evening at dinner, to re- vive the old scholars' association, bid farewell to the old headmaster, Archdeacon Farr, who is going to Enpland, «find to welcome the new Principal, the Rev. F. Williams. The Attorney-General presided. The proceeding were enthusiastic throughout. The application made to work the Burra mine on tribute is not yet decided by the directors. Another appeal has bean made to Government to subsidize the Seed Wheat Fund, which now amounts to over £2000. The Minister replied that they could not reverse their former refusal. The insolvent Tite, who escaped from custody on Friday night, has not yet been captured, It is sup- posed that he has made his way to Victoria. v Thursday. [Echo.]-In reference to the statement tele- graphed from Melbourne that Miss Southeron con- tracted smallpox from the girl Quirk, Dr. Robertson, city health officer, with Dr. Gosse, visited Quirk at Melannes House yesterday, and found her in per.ect health. She told them that before Miss Southeron s departure she had a cold, which pradaced eruption on her lips. Dr. Way treated her for cold, when the symptoms disappeared. Dr. Robertson adds that it isabBurd to suppose that if she had smallpox she could have recovered so quickly. PfíRTH. _ Wednesday. [Herald.]-Fine rain bas fallen everywhere during the lBst three days. In some districts nearly ¿ inches have been registered. On Sunday, Dr. Silvester made a successful exhibi- tion of his new gas. Mr. Rosser, agent for Needles patent gas, is endeavouring to float a company. The murder of a half-caste lad and cannibalism is reported from Sandford River, where the natives are j rather troublesome for thefts of sheep, . 