WESTERN AUSTRALIA. [From our own Correspondent,] Perth, October 23, The statements contained m -a subleader an the Adelaide Observer of .the 14th in3t., that the official report respecting affairs on the Gascoigne discloses grevious illtreatment of the blacks by whites, and supporting the charges against the pioneers recently ad vanced by the Perth correspondent, are entirely unfounded. The commissioner re ports that on the contrary the natives have been well treated by the settlers, and not a solitary case of illusage has been mentioned to him. Mr. A. P. Russell, a very old colonist, was seized with a paralytic fit, which terminated fatally. The deceased was a nominee member during Governor Weld's administration. The barque Italy (Captain Rapp), which sailed from Rockingham for Adelaide on the lothinst., was compelled to putin at Vasse. After putting to sea the captain discovered that his tanks had sprung a leak, and when • near Vasse the vessel got aground, but pro bably will be floated. The brig Minora, from Adelaide, has arrived at Lockville. The captain reports that he never before experienced such bad weather as he encountered on this voyage. Hewshas just been received from the Gas coigne to the effect that the natives sentenced by Mr. Fairbairn, the special commissioner sent up by the Government a short time ago, have escaped from the- police. It is also reported that natives have taken and killed three hundred of Mr. Marston's sheep. Ho rain had fallen in the district. A concert and a dramatic performance are to be given in St. John's Schoolroom this evening. Madame Kate Thayer's last concert of the present season takes place .to-night in the Town Hall. This vocalist has made a very favorable impression since her arrival in Ade laide, and those who have not yet heard her should not lose the present opportunity, as she is unquestionably without a rival in her own art. The programme is a most attrac tive one, the Adelaide Liedertafel, under Herr Puttmann's conductorship, having con sented to take part, while Herren Schrader, Oelmann, and Hugo Fischer will also assist. Madame Thayer's songs are the grand aria "II Polinto" (Donizetti), "Russian Bird Song" (Alebeft), and Robyn's pretty composi tion "A dream." It is to be hoped that the concert will be well attended, as Madame Thayer's abilities deserve recognition. A musical and dramatic entertainment in aid of the local Catholic Presbytery was given at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Monday evening, October 23, by some members of the Catholic Literary Society, assisted by a few lady and gentlemen amateurs. The hall was crowded to exces3, as it nearly always is on such occasions. The programme was a very 'long one and of the usual character, except that scenes were introduced from well-known plays, such as the ghost scene from " Hamlet," and a scene from " Ion." Considering that these were performed by amateurs quite unused to anything of the sort, the represen tation was very fair. Those who took part in the proceedings were the Misses Haeken dorf, E. Pyne, Williams (2), and Swift, Mrs. Coen, and Messrs. A. D. and G. S. Leston, T. Donnelly, J. MeNamara, L. M. Tier, Flaherty, A. Angelinowich, A. Doyle, V- : Royle, R. Gellento, J. O'Sullivan, D. Gibbs, M. MeDonagh, J. Butler, and N. McGuir.i. .Each scene was performed with considerable merit and decided success. 