| THE ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB RACES. ■S/.tuemy, Sr.mri hep. 2.?. The vapid improvement exhibited in ravine dining the lust few years has not extended to the __ gatherings held hy flic Adelaide limit Club. Fields were smaller on Saturday than they were at the opening meeting of the Ciub in '09, and if during the interval the competition has been less than this year, a total of twenty horses for six races was a miserable result when the number of horses iu training is taken into account. This state of things has, we have little hesitation in saying, been brought about by the very exclusive principle upon which the programme for the meeting was framed. The committee purposely exclude all horses other than those which come under the heading of "hunter." For a Hunt Club meetiug this seems a most proper departure fiom the old system; but there are not enough hunters in active use to fill a pro gramme of 6ix events, and a supply of genuine amateur riderB would not be forthcoming if the horses were found. In past years nearly all the recognised steeplechasers were in the limit Cup, and it was one of the most in teiesting events of the year. Oa .Satur day Rory O'More, Rupertswood, Hotspur, and Taxaraxaeum represented the public jumpers, aud with three of these hacked heavily some two mouths ago, the interest in the race was confined to them from the day the nominations appealed. Next year, if we may judge by the remarks of the ring, who have been so cleverly "landed" over Rory O'More, there will be 110 ante-post batting over the Cup, in which ease the Rory G'Moresand Taxataxacums will not run the risk of earning a qualification certificate, and the Club will have still fewer horses spread over their races. The weather on Saturday was, during the morning, as disagreeable as cau lie imagined. Unst blew 111 clouds, and tlioae wlio went to tlic course liy the road must have had a most uncomfortable drive. For all that, the " upper ten" class remained true to the meeting, and the Stand was crammed, while the paddock has never before held so many carriages at any one time. Summer costumes were plentiful, and the ladies are evidently becoming recon ciled to the lawn as a promenading ground. In the Derby Stand and outside the enclosure the public were fairly represented, and that was all, but there was a, great crowd on the lint near the totalizator; and the lawn, while the races were bciug run, presented very little standing room. His Excellency Sir William Jcrvois at rived in time to see the Cup run, and afterwards lie had the pleasure of presenting Mr. Turner with that coveted trophy. The Military Baud was in attendance, and we are glad to see that our racing clubs have come to recognise the desira bility of xn'pvidingtlieirpatronswith first-class music, '['lie railw.iv time-tahle was some l'he railway time-table was some what disarranged by the want of punctuality observed in starting the races, but as Mr. Allen had plenty of carriages available there was no difliculty experiencd in getting back to town. Five of the six coloured put in an appear ance for the Maiden Hunters' Steeplechase, and (Jlenorchy was most fancied, though the (letting done was of a most insignificant character. The ehesmit, who looked very well, came down a purler at the first of the treble, and with Conspirator's condition failing him, Esca, well and very quietly ridden by his owner, had the race in hand during the last mile. The Cup eainc next, and as Hotspur was in reserve for the last race the lield stopped at seven. In the pad dock Ruperts wood, who is a most command ing looking horse, attracted most attention perhaps; but he will see a better day, au«l while in point of condition Rory O'More looked the fittest of the party, the next liest in this respect were the slow-going Kildareand Taxaraxacum, while Hamlet was a mere shadow of his former self, and old Charlie and Sir Ewan looked very light and bad. At the post even money was taken about Rory O'More, and we never saw Harry Tothill so confident about a race. The confidence reposed in the clicsnut caused Taxy and ltupertswood to stand at 4 to I, but the repu tation (of the stable gained friends for Ril dare at 5 to 1. Before they hod gone half a mile backers of the favourite got a nasty Bpasm, as he refused the second of the double, but as none of the riders cared to go along, Mr. Turner was with them again at the wall. Here iaxnraxacum, who liad stopped before, again got the better of Mr. Young, and from this out it was a match between Rory and Rupertswood. The latter went up to the chesnut three quarters of a mile from home and took the lead ; but just when victory seemed assured he toppled over, and Rory O'More came home alone, Rupertswood lay on the ground for some time, and at first it was thought that he had ended his career in the same way as Roebuck; but after a while he got up and was led away to Mr. Dakin's. Considering the amount of ground he lost, Rory O'More ran a good race, and the victory of Mr. Turner was very popular, as his last two rides in the Cup have resulted iu seconds. His ride on Satur day was a most uncomfortable one, as Sarclicdon's relative is as cuuning as a fox, and made several attempts to get off his fences. After luncheon had been disposed of, Mr. Moore and Mr. Turner entered the Governor's box, and the former received the very handsome cup won by Rory O'More. Mr. Moore then presented the trophy to Mr. Turner as the rider of the horse. Odds were laid on Shylie liawn for the Flat Race, but she had not the ghost of a show with Albatross, wbo is a fine-looking horse, and a cut above hunting company. The Drag Cup produced a good race between old Barney and Kildare. A triumph for the Master would have been immensely popular, but unfortunately he did not see the second fence of the double uutil he had passed it, and the task of making up his lost ground took so much out of old Barney that he could hardly raise a canter at the finish, and Mr. Young won easily with Kildare. Rory O'More and Albatross were in about equal favour for the Hurdles, but the Cup winner baulked again and left Albatross with the very easy task of lieating Red Lancer. The owner of Rory O'More very wisely declining to run liis horse under 12 st. 12 lb., the Hunters' .Stakes was reduced to five runners. Of these Hotspur was a moral on public form after Taxaraxacum's display in the Cup, and he came in alone. Taxy got the course, and on returning to scale a protest was entered against Hotspur on the ground that he was not properly qualified to run; and on Monday the Stakes were awarded to the second horse, on the ground that Hotspur did not run in the sole interests of his nominator. The amount .that went through the totalizator was £4,502, and the dividends wereMaidens, £3 15s.; Cup, £2 lis.; Flatrace, £2 15s.; Drag Cup, £83(is.; Hurdles, £116s.: Stakes, £410s. The dividend iu the Hunters' Stakes was of course held over. MAIDEN HUNTERS' STEEPI.ECIUSE. A sweepstakes of 2 sots, each, with 30 sovs. and a cup (presented by Mr. Steiner) added. About two miles. Mr. G. Nankivell's br.g. Esca, by Trgeogle, aged, 10 st. 7 lb. (Owner) 1 Mr. S. Kerry's g.g. Conspirator (late Dan Kelly), aged. 11 st. 0 lb. (Mr. J. Cornelius) .. ..2 Vr. O. K. SowsrdV p.m. hady («rey, 0 yrs. «:• 12 tl. (.Mr. Chapman) 3 Mr.«]. Brown's c.b. i>Jenonhy, aged, II hi. U lb. (Owner). Mr. C. )>. t.onpHon's v.g. Cockatoo, a;jeU 0 st. ]0 lb. (Mr. H. Comeliua). Betting—0 to 4 figst. tBenorchy, 2tolKscu, 4 to lnihtrs. Cockatoo, Gleaorehy, ami Om^piratni'cleared tlie first jump almost together, with Bady l*r«y next, ami Ksca last. At the third obstacle Cilenoreliy came down, ami Conspirator held u, slight lead over . Cockatoo as they jumped the treble''in fr.mfc of the •Stand, the other pair lying weU up. 'ike two leadeisraii abreast till opposite the Stand, where Cickatoo had had enough, and Bseu took Itis place, the prey mave also passing Cockatoo at the double. Ksea and Conspirator were ill the air together at the last jump, but The former had the pace home, and cantered in twelve lengths ahead, ha.dv Grey being the same distance off Conspirator. Time, 4 min. 47 sec. ADKLAIDK HUNT CI.UJ1 CUP. A welter handicap sweepstakes of 0 sova. each, with CO soyh. and a cup added; second horse, 20 soys. from the stake ; third horse, 10 boys. About four jn- les. Mr. R. T. Moore's c.g. Rory O'More, by Corsair, aged, 12 st. (Mr. It." M. Turner) 1 Mr. J. Hay's bi'.g. liiJdnre, aged, 11 st. 7 ib. (Mr. E. H. Irwin) .. .. ' 2 Mr. O. W. Bowman's e.g. Hamlet, aged, 12 st. 5 lb. (Mr. H. A. Chauman) .. .. ..3 Mr. M. C. Morris's bk.g. Tnxaraxacum, aged, 12 at. 7 lb. (Mr. \V, IL Young). Mr. .5. Feiay's g.g. .Sir Ewan, aged, 11 st. 121b. (Mr. J. Comeluis). Mr. E. Bowman's g.g. Rupertswood, 0 yrs. or aged, 11 st. 10 lb. (Mr. P. Ferguwjon). Mr. T. L. Cottrell'B cr.g. Charlie, agecl, 10 st. 7 lb. (2 3h over) (lauxir). Betting—ti to 4 Ugst. Itory O'More, 100 to 30 Taxaraxacum, 100 to 25 Rupertswood, 1O0 to 20 Kildaie, 100 to 15 Hamlet, 100 to 10 Sir Ewan. After going a hundred yards the favourite shot to the front, closely attended by Rupertswood. and they jumped the first fence with Charlie, Sir Kw.ni, 'iuxy, Kildarc, and Hamlet following in the order, aud well strung out. At the second of tlie double Rory whipped round, and Rupertswood went, on irom vuaruc ana air Livua, uie others running in much the same order as at starting until they reached the Stand, where Bory O'More, who had been quickly set going aj»ain, was limning fourth. At the wall Taxy got the hotter of Mr. Young, and after getting over this he fell at Elder's. Sir Ewan then took command from Charlie, and Bupertswood dropped back to Bory, this pair being followed at a respectful interval by Kildare and Hamlet to the first of the double, wliero there >vas a change, Sir J Swan coming down and leaving Bory in front from Charlie and Bupertswood, while Kihiurc and Haiulet were stiU keeping each other company in the rear. The favourite was followed by Bupertswood and Charlie over the fences In front of the Stand, .ifter jumping the last of which the cream pony made a dart for the saddling paddock. Bory and BupertKwood pursued the even tenor of their w ay until the double had been safely nego tiated fur the third time, and then Rupcrtswood ran up to get the measure of the favourite, and the pair came along at their best pace. At the half inilepost Bory appeared well beaten lmt the last fence brought Bupertswood down a crusher, and the chesnut getting safely over lie cantered in fifty yards in front of Kildare, with llamlct a bad third, and Charlie fourth. Bupertswood was badly shaken, and did not get up for some time. Time, l) win. 40 sec. HDNTHRS' FLAT RACE. A sweepstakes of 2 sors. each, with a cup (pre sented by Mr. Wcndt) and 20 sovs. added. ttweeps to go to second horse. Welter weights for age. One mile and three-quarters. Mr. M. C. Morris's b.g. Albatross, by Croagh Patrick, 5 yrs., 11 st. 3 lb. (Mr. Nankivell) .. 1 Mr. J. L. Stirling's c.in. Sli\lie llawn, aged, 12 st. 1 lb. (Mr. H. A. Chapman) ..2 Mr. A. F. Scaimneirs e.g. Bed Lancer, aged, 12 st. I ll». (Mr. Kergusson) 3 Betting—5 to 4 on iShylie Bawn, 2 to 1 agst. Albatross. Red lancer made play round the turn, and was followed by Albatross and Shylic lluwn to the Leger post, where the th.ee closed, and AHatroas coming away in the run home won hard held by six lengths, Bed Lancer a bad third. Time, 3 win. 33 sec. drag err. A sweepstakes of 4 sovs., with 50 sors. and a cup (presented by thvee members) added. About three miles. Mr. J. Hay's br.p. Kildare, by Australian Buck, aged, 12 st. 51o. (Mr. AV. H. Young) .. ..1 Mr. H. Bickford's br.g. Barney, aged, 12 st. S lb. (Owner) 2 Mr. J. Tennant's b.g. Eclipse, aged, 11 st. 13 lb. (Owner). Mr. C. w. Bowman's b. or hr.g. Cupid, 6 yrs. or aged, 12 st. 8 lb. (Mr. Irwin). Betting—G to 4 agst. Barney, 2 to 1 Kildare and Eclipse, 3 to 1 Cupid. When the word was given Mr. Biclcford led off, and at Elder's the Master showed the way from Eclipse, Kildare, and Cupid. At the second of the double Barney and Eclipse both ran off and Kildare showed the way to the Stand, where Barney took. second place with Cupid, who was thoroughly done, third, and Eclipse last. At Elder's the latter stopped, and with Mr. Irwin persevering with Cupid when he could hardly put one leg before the other he got a nasty fall opposite the Stand. Kildareand Barney —*— '— when ti the last . __ ... . old fellow tired to nothing as they caihe on, and Kildare getting in front he won very easily by two lengths. MEMBERS' HURDLES. A welter handled) sweepstakes of 4 sots, each, with 30 sovs. and a cup (presented by members) added. About three miles. Mr. M. C. Morris's b.g. Albatross, by Croagh Patrick, S yrs., 12 st. 4 lb. (Mr. A. Kergusson .. 1 Mr. A. P. Scarumell's e.g. Bed Lancer, aged, 11 st. 12 lb. (Mr. P. PergiiBson) 2 Mr. B. T. Moore's e.g. Kory O'More, aged, 12 st. (Mr. B. M. Turner) 3 Mr. J. I.. .StirlingVc.ru. Nhylie Bawu.agecl, 12st. 7 lb. (Mr. H. A. Chapman). Betting—Even aud 7 to 4 ugst. Kory O'More, 2 to 1 and 0 to 4 agst. Albatross, 4 to 1 Shylie Bawu aiul Bed Lancer. Albatross and Shylie Bawn showed the way over the first hurdle, Kory lying last, and after rounding tho turn Albatross took a good lead. Shylie fell opposite tbe Stand, and Bory took Becoud place to the top of the straight, whew he ran oft', and Alba tross, who jumped tbe wing, camejnst the Stand six lengths in front of Rod Lancer. From this out it was only a case of the leader jumping, aud Mr. Fer gusson keeping bim on his hurdles ho won, pulling up, by a length. Bory cantered in third. Time, 7 miu. 1 sec. Hl'XTEns' STAKES STEEPLECHASE. A handicap sweepstakes of 4 sots, oacU, with SO sovs added. About three miles. Mr. M. C. Morris's bk.g. Taxaraxacuui, by Little Fish, aged, 12 st. 91b. (Mr. W H. Young;) .. 1 Mr. E. G. Blnckmore's bk.g. Begal. aged, 11 st. 4 lb. (Mr. P. Fergusaon) Mr. S. Ferry's g.g. Conspirator (late Dan Kelly), aged, 11 st. S lb. (Mr. Lazar). Mr. 3. P. Bickford's b.g. Hotspur, aged, 12 st. (Mr. J. P. Bickford) disqualified. Betting—Eveu agst. Hotspur, 2 to 1 Begal, 0 to 1 Taxarnxncuro. Taxy led away, followed by Hotspur, Conspirator, and Begal, and tbey jumped the fence at Elder's in tills order. At the next Taxy was nearly down, and at tbe double he stopped, Hotspur going on from Begal and Conspirator to the fence at the top of tbe straight, when Regal fclL Hotspur and Conspirator ran In close company over the treble, and at tbe wall Taxy ran off among the crowd. The other two kept well together to the double, when Conspirator, whose rider bad been rolling all over bim from the start, came down, and left Hotspur to canter in a'quarter of a mile in front of Taxaraxacuiu. A protest against the winner was upheld, and the stakes awarded to Taxaraxacuui. 