VICTORIA AS SHE IS. The subject of congratulation with us on all hands is the Vembarras ties riches i Hiider which our Treasury at present labors, and poor Sir Bryan, at his wit's end what to do with the surplus, elects to pay off some of the loans which the colony owes. A large number of respectable nations—as national respectability goes—are well satisfied to pay off the interest, but we Victorians plank up voluntarily both interest and capital. May we always be able to do so. The news of the defeat of " ours *" at Sydney .has put Melbourne and Victorian cricketing circles generally into sackcloth and ashes, and I regret to say tbat we don't " take our licking kindly ;" but individuals, and even the Argu* affiliation (the Evening Mail), vents some small temper over the defeat—pointing out that it wa6 almost unfair—decidedly nnchival rou6—for Spofforth to be included in the victorious team at the eleventh hour, when it had been understood that he would not play. I fail to see anything repugnant to honorable crickct in taking anyone in the team at any time before the end of the first innings, so that the party had been included in the names of those from whom the eleven were to be selected—the case in the present instance. Wc had a regatta on Saturday, and our Russian friends, not being satisfied with the results, which were all against them, asked for another trial, which came off on Wednesday, confirming former decisions. Russians, madder than ever, intended, I believe, to knout the several boats' 1 crews, just ^our cncourager les antres, as Voltaire said of the shooting of Admiral Byng. The discovery of the sick pigs in Sandhurst has galvanised health officers into a wondrous 6tate of. activity, and horrible disclosures about pork are published—how it is produced, and how, from its disgusting surroundings, it is likely to dcvelope infectious and contagious diseases while pig, and to produce other horrible diseases as pork. In fact, the public are becoming aware, from the disclosures now made, that we have been—at least those who eat pork—in the habit of eating animal food of this kind which had been reared on offal of the most beastly kind, till one begins to understand in its full sanitory force the Mosaic law, as against pork, and it makes one wish that the herd that went down the steep place into the sea had included all and sundry of the entire race of unclean animals. Now and then we make an example of errant civil servants, but not generally till they have become a notorious town talk or their profligacy or indecency is too barefaced a character to pass by. Lately we have removed from the service, one McNiece, a Clerk of Courts up country, whose last exploit was walking through the town of Beecliworth in the cool, but slightly indelicate costume of a shirt and necktie. Trouble and insubordination in our standing army reported. It seems that a sort of self-appointed Horee Guards has been established under the style j pnd title of the Pipe-Clay Club. Colonefr«S[air objects, and in so many words seems to threaten to put the mtucontents on the Black Hole Committee. ' We are getting esthetically romantic or rouiautically esthetic in the matter of suicide. Here comes another who loved not wisely, but too too, utterly too well, the letter of the poor victim, written on his death-bed, however, is really touching: " Dear Sarah,— I have been so unhappy since I see you on Friday that I cannot bear it any longer. Do come and see me, and forgive me for the rash act, as I am doing it all for the best. My brother will fetch you if you will come and make my last moments happy. "Say I could not live without your love. Some day, when I am turned to dust and forgot by you all, you will think of the love I love you and bear yon still. But comc, say darling, and do -not think me cowardly for doing this, as I have thought it over, and p have come to the conclusion that it is all for the best for both of ns? For, say it will not rob you of any love, for wherever I may go I r will still love you. They have thought well to part us, say, and cause much misery, but I s will end mine. You ate veiy young; you n ay find others whom yon will love, and will love you equally as well as I, if not better. As your brother told me the other night, say, I may be dead when you receive the this, and may God pardon me for the disgrace I bring upon my family and friends by doing this. s Come to me while one spark of life remains, and make me happy before I pass to eternity. So good-bye, a loving good-bye, for ever f arling, from one who loves you, and who c sacrificed bis love for you by death.— at WILLIAM BOLGER. " I ask the forgiveness for the rash words p Ijused to you and them. n "To Miss" Sarah Harrison, 98, Gore-street, M Fitzroy, or at 299, Hoddle-street" Eveiy one will recollect the wreck oE m the Loch Ard, and the marvellous escape t of Miss Carinichael and Tom Pearce, the b only survivors, and will be pained to learn p that fears ,are entertained thatttie is^n. a < c very deligfite state, of health', land Itis ! feared th^f consumption threatens, and lbe has been taken to the south of France fpr the winter. Murdoch was over 10 hours at.tbe wicket n piling up his .321. juns—32 runs per hour. We have had lately a veiy pretty caste of " lambing down," like old times revived—" fool and his money soon parted." A new arrival from New South Wales gave b bcM t H m himself up, and a bank draft ^ to c rink, and the blandishments of what one npaa of the papers c^Us a prepossessing and tastefully attired yottng woman named Jeannette Moffett," licensee of the Sir 6. Bowcn Hotel, {fiteroy. Softie, alias John Matthews, remained in the hotel for 10 days, during which be drank shandygaff,, a a i and ate little daring this time. He was cajoled into "signing his name on what he thought were blank papers," but which he subsequently found were cheques, which the prepossessing, &c.;, &c.;, took to' the bank and obtained the. "spondnlex" for. The Bench, however, seemed to think that innocence ehohld be protected, apd determined to sfewl Miss - or Bins, (whichever it may be) Moffett up for trial and hear what twelve respectable hon&eliolders; will say about it. Of course you have heard of George Lansell, our quartz millionaire, tind it will be no surprise to you to learn that ever and again the true communistic spirit evinces itself in attempts to go into him by law forjsome of his good luck. Just now a case has been decided, thanks to good straight- out evidence on the part of those interested, in the sought for redistribution, and where there were no facts, " presumptions" were given with a boldness which would surprise anyone ignorant of the fact that some £60,000 was calculated as likely to be shared out. With such a bunch of carrots hanging ahead one is not surprisod at some good tall—well, evidence ; and so His Honor made an order pretty much in favor of the Communist party. It is said that some of th* recipients may bnrn their fingers in picking up their " share." We are a very liberal—tolerant-minded lot to one another, the precept of <k live, and let lire" is said to obtain amongst us, yet strange to say, a young fellow it is stated, has been blackballed at one of our rowing clubs for the offence of—being a Jew ! No other disqualification existed against him. South Russia, in its brutal ignorance and fannticistn, is nearly as bad as we are. i One of the two Davlesford etoncwallers (Mr. Crofts) I mentioned some'time 6ince has been " clean bowled" after having scored his century. His old inate still sticks to her wicket. We have been rather prolific in casualties durng the past few days. Two jockeys kiHed outright and one, no goak- intended, put hors de combat, two railway people killed, one at -Footscray and one at Spencer street—but being laborers there'll be nothing much about it. a young man out shooting with rickety old gun "received the charge undei • 'ie ear" and the usual inquiry will take t. -e, another death in the Melbourne Hoiyiul, from erysipelas ensuing on an accident. It is stated that the hospital is " saturated with erysipelas " and he that enters there leaves hope behind. It will probably end in a new so to speak, extramural hospital. Murdoch, the cricketer, is getting the pluals of Victorian wrath poured on him for an alleged expression of opinion that our umpire, Curtis Eeid, has acted partially in the match. Murdoch refusing to retract and apologise, the Victorian eleven declined to attend the banquet given after the match. Bishop Crane, of tlic R.C. Church, being about to take a trip to Rome on, I suppose, hierarchal business, his congregation present him with 1,*205 sovs., a banquet, and a warm bnn voyage. The little difference aboiit the Protestant Iiall foundation stone laying is kept alive by letters in The Argus —now Protestant^ nowCatholic—and seems likely to be a grievance for a long time to come. Some one has writteu in The Age a smart bit of satire—in the form of an intercepted letter from the Russian Admiral to the Czar—pointing out our defenceless position in the event of a filibustering attack on us. It is pretty much on the lines of "The Battle of Dorking," whirl; some years since put London on the qui tive. The ship Romeo from Hamburg to Sydney is a wreck near the Ram Head, near Cape Howe. The bulk of her cargo consists of pianos, so that wild locality is likely to be rather largely supplied with music. All hands saved. There is a large agitation just at present about the short-hours movement A speaker at the Salesman's Union meeting the other night harrowed up the feelings of his auditors by asserting that he had not time even to read the newspapers. The reporter added the usual (sensation) after that! An ex-policeuinn, named Hicks, is charged with Arson at Geelong. A detective, Kett, swears straight away that he saw Hicks flagranti delicto ; two policemen, however, swear hard and fast per contra that the detective was with them at the hour named, and in its entirety here's a very pretty state of things. All the parties are supposed to be men above suspicion, and to whom the liberty, or even lives, of the citizen is entrusted, to say nothing of his property, and clcarly and indisputably one or the other is guilty of wilful and corrupt peijury. Like all mundaue institutions the police require reform of a veiy sweeping character. One of those inaue performances, the Ghost, has been played by an addelpated fellow at Creswick. A bold watcher went for his ghostship and laid it effectively in the gutter! and the next day promised " the ghost"—whom he recognised and identified—that if he repeated bis idiotic performances he would receive a veiy substantial horsewhipping. The Boroondara election is giving us a little excitement. Lawes (barrister), Walker, (commission agent) ; Nicholls, (gentleman) : Harper, (gentleman) ; and Taylor, (barrister), are the Contestants and all promise to go to the poll. The latter young party seemsto claim on his being a native aud " a roiver on the river " just as Mr. John Gardiner, who "as it were" represents Carlton, obtained his seat' by being tire captain of the local football club, and in the above case it is quite on the cards that-the Boroondaraites may on these grounds throw away the valuable services of euch tried men as Lawes or Walker to put in this fledgling whose proudest boast is that he tnay win a " pewter * in a air-oar match. Popularity here mupt be won in the cricket or football arena, or the : iver. A case of domestic infelicity and its equences (which singularly enough, has ot reached the ears of the press general) has come to my knowledge. Sir. and Mrs. —— wearying of 'each other after fi comparatively brief state of matrimony, the husband levanted foreparts beyond the eas. Mrs. in the meantime established herself in a pub. Absence I suppose, in orthodox'fashion made the heart grow onder and he returned home to a rather ool reception and, but there, the worldia lways censorious, and the upshot was that he husband meeting or as it is stated,., rocuring a meeting with a party by lhfr " ame of • who manages the hotel for rs. liesofootbolled the nnfortunate . an about the head with a heavy boot, ' hat in all probability! be will be Btnnelind of one eye for the balance of hiB eriod. The whole affair will probably ome before the public but at pnaeat ltho* so serious a case not a wordn the papers. , Fadlis descensus, &c.; WilliainM&oader;, ut a few yean since a substantial manOK > usiness at Casttemaine, it> under remand hained with forging tfa name cGratb to a chelae of £i0i %erearep4rte oJ the "world whttfe ft raditionally nuns «cats and ae^s^ ere it would seem we have ,attintesa ost abnormal and unnatural droppUw? of hildren .which are {ricked up So most nexpected places. L Now, then Ihe olite are successful in fitting tlitta with mother; neat indSgprip* is express*! t her brutal cw&pt; $ the» MtittTuieeb* "xl pity, tUev^potnMiissettition andcMrution of thelipul'afed unnaturalbSence gainst common decency as a natural result Not only arc these acts common, but some are even guilty of a second offence. Eithnr liiu world' mast got more fiiorul, <n- tlu- must be put in force against tlie.se parties if we ore not to obtain a very unenviable name for the most horrid kind tliuggisra. Oh! 'tis love, 'tis love tliat makes the world go round, and—I support: it must also he conceded—made a younj man named Grimley idioot hifi sweetheart Ann Pettit, at Morpeth, N. S. Wales, on Tiiurs day last, and then blow out his own brains. To add to the strange romance it has been found—from finding two slips of paper in his bedroom, on which were written, "Kill her? Yes," and "Kill her? No," respectively—that the question was decidod by "sort," and cruel fate was in favor of death, and so Grimley enacted Othello with firearms. Unrequited attentions and jealousy alleged as the cause of the sad fatality. Miss Pettit is represented as having been a good and respectable We have had a sad casualty in which British courage and daring stood out in grand relief, and although the result is a painful one (the loss of three men) the incident should live in history. Many will recollect the Newhaven fish woman's story —" It's no fish you're buying, it's just Usher's lives. 1 ' and this applies with much force to the hardy fishermen who go outside the " Rip" at QueenscliSe (near the Heads) to lisli in or immediately after a southerly gale. On Friday a number of boats went down to Point Lonsdale with the ebb, but for a time appearances were too threatening for any to attempt to go through the Hip. At length two young fellows—Owen and Atkins—tried it, and apparently finding it too heavy, tried to turn back* but were caught by a heavy sea and thrown upon the reef, the boat being knocked into mere matchwood. Tivo otjjer fishermen, Sanders and Vantine. gallantly went to their assistance and picked up Owens, but had hardly recovered him when a huge sea swamped them, and sent the second boat on the reef, whence after much buffeting Vantine was rescued by a third boat which risked the danger to save bill). Tilt-' other three sank, and the bodies have not yet been found, indeed it is very seldom that bodies are ever recovered from the Kip. Amongst other gross impostors :ind charlatans we have one Fischer who practises a cure (?), termed Baunscheitism after a person of that name in (terniany. His method is by counter irritation, a pricking or tatooing of the skin, and then rubbing in croton oil and some other irritant or toxological poison. It gives relief on the principle of the Irish gentleman's cure for a sore throat—" swallow a hot potato and you'll think no more of the sore throat." His practice in the healing art has been condemned, and being by trade a shoemaker tie sutor ultra crepiAani has been recommended to him; still the ignorant, obstinate brute has gone on till a poor girl of 12 has died under his hands in awful torture. The poor child before she died screamed with pain, and cried out that she " was frying!" and it is very probable that Mr. Fischer will do a little heeling and soleing in Her Majesty's tiuol. Another bank clerk gone wrong—Chas. Henry Watson, of the Dunkeld Branch of the Colonial Bank j a mild thing—so far— only about £'230. A new goldlield, alluvial—or what promises to be—has been reported in Gippsland, on the Tumbo River. Mr. George Coppin has been prevailed on to let the public have the benefit of another week of the Exhibition Show— The English Fair. The profession somehow always do have some additional " last appearancesby particular desire. &c.;, &c.; A great moral lesson is jnst now edifying us in a go-as-you-please between a female and a male biped, and I am credibly informed that there are persons to be found to go and see the exhibition. During the absence of the proprietors, the shop of Boyle and Scott, vendors of cricketing material, and the cricketing lounge and divan of the athlete, was broken into and robbed of tobacco, cigars, and postage stamps. Mr. Tytherleigh, an ex-M.L.A., who is a staunch teetotaller—indeed, teetotal to a fault, only he was maligned, and was suid to have been carried into the House to vote—was " taken care of " by his party, and found a billet iu the Government I'rinting Office; and now for some reason—a man might be an angel, but detraction would undo hiin—is out again. At Albury a cod which scaled 1201bs. has been landed. A large meteor was seen at Warraambool on Sunday night. It was apparently bound south. Two Uussian deserters—who, by the way, effected some robberies before they deserted—have been apprehended, and handed over to the Uussian naval authorities. They thought, poor men, they would hare bona dealt with in civilised fiishion—two or three mouths' hominy ;uid seclusion, and free selection in this land of, to them, muph and molasses, if not milk and honey: and now, miserable serfs, they see only the knout, Siberia, or in the more merciful phase-—the yardarm. KELP. 