SA7THE LATE ME. HENRY KENDALL, : - 'un death of Mr. Henry Clarence Kendall, the well. known poet, oreates a gap in Australian literature that we have little hope of oseeing quickly filled. Ithymoestors we have in shoals, but a true poet such as Kendall was comes to nous soeldom, and unhappily does not tarry long. He has been ungrudgingly rooognised as an exponent of the poetic sentiment of those young communities-as one who had communed with the spirits of our forests nd hills and plains, and had been gifted with the power of interpreting the voice of nature in smooth, soft measures, depict ing her moods in brilliant imagery. To quote his pwn aspiration, he was one upon whom shono A flooe Of light, inoffable, thaot n?le me fool An ft the ogrand old prophets, caought away . By Oames of lfopiration. ''With the exception, perhaps, of Adam Lindonay Gordon, there is no pestio writer whose words breatho a purer spirit, or are more deeply marked wIth the influence of the life and scones of those lands. His poems gave evidence of dclose acquaint. anee with the " eweot singers " of other countrioc; but in and throughout all he betrayed the influence of his surroundings in his lonely forest homes, where ho was frequently a self-condemned exile from :, the overyday world. E?nglish critics have acknow lodged and commennded the local oolouring of his work, and they have also cordially welcomed him into the ranks of poets, and expressed their hope of great things from him in the future. Hise work was of a character that improved as his powers matured, and had his bodily vigour not boeen so sadly im paired, he might have lived to raice a greater ,monument to his own memory than even his BSongs frbm the Mountains. Each eucoooding, publication shabowed greater power, deeper thought, and finer "exooution. His first book, Poems and Songs, which was published in 18t2, was uneven and in portions crude; his next, Loaves from Australian ''.Foreoats, contained much better work, and estab. iishcd his claim as a poet of high merit; and his last, Songs from the lfMountains, published last year, won for him the fullest meaosure of praise from the most capable critics. Fifteen years ago Mr. Kendall received a commendatory notice from Eng lish literary journals, and in the London Athenmueumn, one of the leading English critical organs, his work was noticed at considerablo length. Two of his poome, The Song of the Cattlo.Hiuntors, and The Ghost Glen, woro published in extonno, and the critic said : If Mr Knodialo onti Mro to oorat iforinacty on, nuoomofuy dorItan done dy i tou heo piytio, Enlegnd or wanl no Autraitia witr gladly rrrogotoo wIr prlnooas ahnnugor. Io bo both loto ans a d"ori n t nd artdvnttage tn hie ditanl t optera, but ths roetor \- imrplonbut otefeo wo o i rgin oti, tiod toed ith n tdhet ot a ' oooty norour otfdramtnooto at hoe ouovr yfot ootll mirrord to song; whlhoet Eorgit wnritorsar0 throitog oe p thir poyno yahtyly ibol ftno thtoy ron tnolato notitlg no. Lot his moroo ino to " oat ltle ooanrd pylott ebooulbo tman it oa oc ?mour, haptlo, aor bat whitnobtt, the too by to gifttd hn, cniso ti eindl to in. tbo oorik of tho pthbico nod tot eoit c n to ht lo olohritg, a pro?tion of p n tlo ndoutrato ttto wbhcaton onorot. It Sinomposniblt, ofouro na oybow vorlwill oooooodthobpro fonthe r nabor of drootho t aloogto thorhtyn to ioe shon to atnt poon boiro ou botong o totted oty w tyrtont fonotty tnt tmont I ortons oi thorn an ho noar onyton nt atod htl ooo ton I n n to oo iostand no t loneot batoon no oro eooresdon otl potttnro gto t tohe boot a nd urln ono the tootati of iort behdto Shard astri ndoto bo tooth rtwtih the o ermnot tot o oeplors. na notic of Mr. Iodl lasao t potu liation, front : '."stlyof horm ofeatho, wa ond h ouat Ulondl a, poet haoueh tho pan of Mr. W. B. Doileyn ths opition a t on ndorsood an? Mr. Dalloynn oon tnr to t t 5too r te n bootowfr of titoe tsroonin-to, snod the moprsiont of '. t ".' hr dono r atverd o ougng Aeorolono, tho obje t of itt8o o bad ' hood and onn'ot h t he loottrh nnatoatt tbrto et on lto e, a rr i ut ton od rorthtlny, no look of oppbrtwntto or th o lntonaoot study of form of paotoo, ?rad bin odoton n pout gloom no bn, y not boon dowenlot to Vtorouoiotof ooriog A rote ly lno poo m and boocytmt tn a waltknoan orttcrl poper cooa outod . thot tIhfooo ootuobo to s p ropon oe ttegrouantol aretlnyoe oo.eto ofu thrne noeoog, nd of oturoo ouidttns t t intoio :,prpo!innor lif nnpow hth oftfoouwot Hou into the ito o of itbo toom the mnore othoingtoogb trdooidttoontodofoth' Mr:.tlornoda, whotevr tho word teay tdoom of the intto 0o r.notd ittof the toetor tn aoeowtionaly thbi on oard otho botto-Ithut ho otomnot toidrny btotooonn theootoaor anod tto otudoot. Mr. Kendall's curoer wan olooquaratianod gloomy and ov orhadowod by groat troultio, of whioh lto may. have bran p"artly thi victio ant partly th creat flor, but the fow who gaioed an inight into oi ,'oonnr litfe know that ho often want out into thu wildarnont and wraetlod terribly with bhi taunepr in a " omtal atod phyical trotggl, of urr hi, happily, l?s dknow tlo t hrrors. His work wan tinged with tho sorrow of hius lfo. Then dediatoion to his looat " ollettton of pooton snei Thonn 000 thn brodnoe otds Of blttnod ooo loo o wboao ttoo world lon nomeo . tt:'tiono rom saa o y donom. Nn soogbtohor S"i Of mtgohty noosaop flor my otothe s t robos 1nno wortn I Atooonnmomoots, Aitnoyyndy Mono boon ter doyn ofath laborloror tufot A And oo h o wrsy otruttyeitg soul toem borood he', , i lorn? boot oat thio yurie rod l ot onrn 'h... shadow of death han paodtou over the snfforer, and a.: r's.d arnor that woas narlod by few joys and ninny .-sorron hoo anlooto jAust wban It toutld hanv boon at ,, 'the s- lth of itho ueolneoua., In life io honew moh ''`:.;'"o ',?hol boat and ofrti nf the dtay, and lattarly ":i,°;: ?:2.10 lidb lcarnedtho loo trnforwred ton perodlonia eternal 00 And slunobor poond booroth a tinowory tort. . 'r Kendall, whlo wan forty :ý,."a ,youro old at thu lthaC of bin dooatht won born at Ulludulla. Now South ialte:. When only eighteen yrarn of ago hoen ao. totlntod our eorno a o auontrihutor to tht lydnoy Of prpos, anti two yarnr later publinud tint flout book, ' o..S atad St?gol u lU Iiu H te ltrpbliantion worne O' tb from an Ansitralin Foreot, in 18611, wud o"g,. frp o titoh Motuntaina, 1o 1881:. In iwal he ji.ido on ofi In th ttatlando th t topearioft and ''o subaeqoontly waye tranotaorrd to n hoot olbtioonl caro jn,'' ,przey'p olemvio m rtior n alod until 1801, wheon ho rasl ord antd wont to Victoria, whamo Ito ranidord dOl 001000t tinmn snid beuatno a froariront cantribuotr Ioths, colotny, tanll accuptetd a nititatloin oh Itriebn SoeeWater, l who Ieho reanldd till 1881, when hae wny a'"' "ppltetod ato r afwek tof forstns. le wno teo mnomposor of titor canltata for thta opotning of thto Mslbounrn towni broll and tha eantotta for thu open. log 'of thn Sydloy Intitrnatiootal Ealoibition, ano thu "prits pomlO 11n ciommem~orationt of tim Itout mnontionctd swtept, 'Latteorly hs heoalth brokel dawn taloplatoly, soq4 after a tarn weooll' uovaro ilineau loo diord of ; pbthislp at louorka.etroot, Sutrry tIillo.-S. M. 