Bowing and Sailing Notes. By Charon-. The £. S. T. S. second-class race, for a £25 club prize, was resailed on Saturday last ; course, from line between flagboat off Fort Macquarie and beacon on Kirribilli Point, round boat off Curl Curl Head, round Shark Island, round Fort Benison, round Lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island, and back to Fort Macquarie — 24 miles. The following yachts started : — Oithona— Dr. Mackcllar— 15 tons ? scratch Sirocco— Mr. E. W. Knox — 10 tons ... ,.. 1m. 17s. Guinevere— Mr. J. H. Want— 10 tons ? 4m. 17s. The race was in charge of Vice-Commodore Milson, who followed the yachts in his handsome cutter Waitangi. Several other yachts also kept hovering in the wake of the competitors. Considerable interest was taken in this race, more especially as to the relative sailing qualities of Mr. Knox's new yacht Sirocco, and Dr. Mackellar's famous Oithona. Perhaps the Sirocco was first favourite with general onlookers, as her? performances against a much larger boat at the two public regattas proved her to be exceedingly fast on all points of sailing, winning both races with ease ; but last Saturday she found the Oithona a very troublesome cus tomer, and nearly had the prize wrested 'from her at the last moment, when it appeared as safe as if it had beee on the owner's sideboard. Unfortunately, the Guinevere, while hold ing a good position in the race, had to retire early through. onrnfi cofisviiti onniilonf to Vior wo-mno* Tha *ro nVifo nam a tint off to a flying 6tart at 2 p.m. sharp by Mr. Comwell, secretary to the club. There was a fresh north-easter blowing ; Oithona and Sirocco carry ing jibheods, Guinevere with topmast housed. They crossed the line within a few seconds of each other, the Sirocco getting away with a slight lead, closely followed by the Oithona, the Guinevere being considerably to lee ward ; but she did not seem to lose anything by it, as she was more in the strength of the ebb tide and nad the wind steadier. On the first board to Shark Point there was no appreciable difference in the relative positions of the yachts ; ' ' ' but after going about something appeared to have gone wrong with the Oithona's bowsprit, as the jibsheets were eased off and the yacht brought head to wind. When way was got on her again her bowsprit had an ugly twist up as if the bobstay had given way, which afterwards proved to be die case. This no doubt prevented the jib from 1 being properly set. While this was going on in the Oithona the Sirocco was making good use of her time, and merrily spinning out her lead, while Mr. Want to' leeward was'gaining on both of them. The yachts , had to [ make two boards from the Heads to fetch the mark boat off Curl Curl Head. They had not got far outside when some of the Guinevere's rigging gave way, which unfortunately compelled her to retire from the contest. The Sirocco rounded the l-oat off Curl Curl at 3h. 45m i 5s. ; Oithona, 3h. 47m. 16s. For the run back the Sirocco 6et a square sail ; the Oithona set her big spinaker on the bowsprit end, which seemed, to lift her ailong at a great rate. She was picking up the leading boat fast when her topmast was carried away, sending her large spi naker into the water, and giving her crew plenty of hard work to get it on board and make things shipshape. At Shark Island Sirocco led by two minutes, at Fort Denison by one minute. On the beat down to the light ship the breeze freshened up, which Beemed to suit the Oithona in her crippled state, as, before they got to Bradley's Head, ehe passed the Sirocco and was two minutes ahead of her at the lightship, and three minutes at the finishing point off Fort -Macquarie, the Sirocco thus winning, by her time allowance with about a minute more or less to spare. The yachts were sailed— Sirocco, by Mr. Knox's yachts man, Sam Richardson ; Oithona, by Mr. W. Grant; Guinevere, by her owner, Mr. J. H. Want. The date for the next intercolonial eight-oar contest has been fixed for Saturday, April 29. The crew to represent this colony have as yet not been selected, but it is probable that a practice eight will be got together during the present week. It is intended, if possible, to have a crew out on Tuesday next. Though it is probable that very few of the old names will appear in this year's eight, a very fair crew, it is thought, can be got together. The sub- committee appointed to look after the preliminary arrangements are exercised as to who shall be the coach this year. Mr. James Oatley's name has been mentioned, and we think that a more competent or experienced coach could not be obtained in the colony. If ucythiog is to be made of the material at - disposal, it could not be placed in better hands, and the Bowing Association will bo fortunate should they be able .to secure Mr OalleyV services. It is most likely that a new boat will be built in Melbourne for our representatives, ahdt the old craft retained for practice. To-day a boat-race, over a 4-mile course, in Hobson's Bay, will take place between the crews of the Bussian Squadron and the Cerberus. The Victorians will no doubt have benefited bv the experience gained in Sydney Harbour, end, if defeated, will probably not be able to press the olass of boats into sen ice as an apology. Wo hear that the crows are exercising daily, and that a close contest ia expected. A racc in light skiffs for £40 a side took place on Satur day afternoon last between N. M'Donald, of the Clarence liiver, and W. Beach, of Shoalhaven, over the champion course. Only one steamer, the Prince of Wales, chartered by M'Donald, rollowed the race, and she was well patron ised. it was not until nearly half-an-hour after the adver tised time that die competitors made their appearance. Both men rowed in the buff, M'Donald being a strong favourite. The men delayed considerably when getting underway, wasting nearly a quarter of an hour in several false starts. As the usual 15 minutes had elapsed, the umpire was about to get alongside to start them, when they broke away well together at 43 minutes past 4. M'Donald, if any thing, had a slight advantage, rowing 32 strokes a minute, with Beach rowing two strokes quicker. Within 1C0 yards from the start Beach assumed tne lead, and row ing a powerful stroke, dashing his sculls smartly ' from start to finish, he was, when passing Ryde wliarr, two and a-half lengths ahead. Bom men kept well ln towards the northern shore ; M'Donald, who was steering wretchedly, keeping much too close. The mile point was passed by Beach with a lead of six lengths in 7 minutes 1ft ? seconds from the start. Both men had now slowed down to. 30 a minute, and M'Donald was thus early commencing to show signs of distress, rowing awkwardly, with tus 'head . resting on his left shoulder. At Putney Point Beach bad incrfased his lead to 10 lengths, drawing away from hia opponent at each stroke, and from here the rase lost all interest. Beach was able to stop for a moment ami net himself, and at Glades ville, 21 minutes 25 Ju le& by a minute. M'Donald managed to get same more pat» out of his boat by spurting occasionally after passing Gladesville wharf, and though he iraduced ^ th» lead somewhat, yet the race was bevond doubt — in fact, between One-man Avuatf nwfl -hn liro there, he stoppos; rowing altogether, but afterwards nmt on and finished . Beach passed the filing poet in 2? minutes SQ eecooft* *rom the Start, an easy winner by some 16 lengths. Both rowers are fine-looking voting men, bnt Beach is a particu larly muscular and powerful-looking man. He possesses a splendid dmt-ud pair of ansa, and is well - proportioned . Although bat a novioe in light ekiffs, having had but a few weeks' experience in than, he has made the most of his time, and rows a veiy taking stroke. It is full of power and life, and he sits ids boat as steady as a rock. After seeing- him vow on Saturday, not a few think that he will snake a more than ordinary name for himself in the next few years. M'Donald is an exact counterpart of Rash, having adopted his peculiar etrle and all his faults. There is a etin, uncomfortable look about his rowing that does not inspire confidenoe. At times he looks well and rows neatly, but when pressed he commences to wriggle his body, lean ing his head on we side, and rarely shows the same form when racing as in practice. He was beaten from the start, and -never had the slightest chance with his opponent. Mr. Frank punch paid the stokes over to the winner during the evening before a good audience, and took the opportunity of congratulating both men on their rowing and the etraightforward manner in which the race was conducted. He said he was particularly pleased to see two representa tives from the opposite ends of New South Wales competing in Sydney Harbour, proving themselves worthy represents* iives and oarsmen of the first water. The result of the above race was but another instance of the glorious uncertainty of boat-racing. Here were two men matched with each other, one immensely superior in physique, style, and all the apparent details which tend to the success of a rower; and yet, in the opinion of some of the beet watermen in the harbour, and a host of those who are vaguely known as ' the talent,' he had not the ghost of a chance. Six to four, and much longer odds, were freely laid on his opponent, with hardly any takers, on the steamer. Money was going a-begging. The question suggests itself, who are the authorities in rowing matters P The opinions of well-qualified oarsmen vary so much and eo decidedly that little reliance may be placed on the predic tions as to the result of races. It was only last Saturday, while waiting tor the boats to make their appearance, that an individual who has rowed himself once a youngster, and has associated with professional oarsmen all his life, open ly gave his opinion that in a race over the champion course Neil M Donald would not only defeat Elias Laycock, but, to use the speaker's own words, he could tow him down the river. In this opinion he was joined by several well-known rowing men. We have no doubt that Laycock would like a spin on the river even at the risk of being towed by his rival, and there should be no difficulty in getting a match on as far as he is concerned. The talent were certainly out of their element on Saturday, their tips are now at a discount, and their opinions have been again scattered to the winds. On Saturday evening a match was made between N. M'Donald and G. Solomon, for a race in light skiffs, over the champion course, for £50 a side. A race was also arranged between J. C. Laycock and S. Edwards, of Lane Cove River, in waterman's skiffs, for £25 a side. Both races to be rowed on the 25th instant. The Hobart Regatta, in commemoration of the 44 th anniversary of the foundation of the colony, was held on the Derwent on the 23rd ultimo. It was estimated that 15,000 people were present during tbe day. We learn that the day's proceedings commenced with a procession of boats, headed by the steamer Enterprise. Next came about 20 rowing boats (manned by their respective crews), followed by 10 Russian boats and steam launches, the pinnae© of H.M.S. Miranda (with his Excellency the Governor and his aide-de-camp and secretary, Mr. J. Wallop), then three gigs of H.M.S. Miranda, containing the members of the Municipal Council, members of the Marine Board, and the Regatta Committee. The. programme was, to say the least, a most liberal one; so less than £251 being distributed among 12 races, or a little over 20 guineas In prize money for each race. The programme included races for coasting vessels over 20 tons ; a handicap yacht-race, in which three boats of eight tons each' started ; handicap half-deck boats not exceeding 28 feet, and several rowing races in gigs and skiffs. No out rigged boats appear on the programme. It is a wonder that with the popularity of aquatic sports, and the facilities for carrying them out, our Tasmanian friends seem so far behind in the matter of boat architecture as far as tbe racing craft are concerned. A rumour has been current during the past week that Laycock had challenged Rush, staking £100 to £50 on the result. We have not been able to see Laycock, but it is most improbable that the report is correct. It is not likely that after his past experience the Shark Islander would rate Rush's powers at so low a price. In reality— and Lay cock knows it— there is less difference between these two scullers than most people imagine. Laycock is without doubt the best man, but only when in the best of condition. A very Elight want of condition makes all the difference, and in any race between the two men it is not likely that either will stake odds on the result, much less 2 to 1 as rumoured. The Grafton Regatta Committee have prepared a pro gramme of 11 races for Queen's Birthday. The champion race, Sot all-comers, in wagerboats, offers a prize of £50 if two scullers from Sydney or other colony start, with second prize of £10. In the event of the competition not being sufficient, the first prize will be £20 and second prize £5. For all-comers, pulling two pain of sculls, in light skiffs, with or without coxswain, the prize will be £50, seoond prize £5. For all-comers, pulling a pair of sculls, in light skiffs, to be handicapped ; first prize £25, second prize £5. The prizes for the other raceB have not yet been appor tions. 'ihey are all pulling races with the exoeption of one, which is a sailing race for skiffs not exceed ing 22 feet, under canvas, 5 feet beam, and 20 inches ! deep, with time allowances down to 19 feet of half -minute per foot. The committee have invited his Excellency Lord Lof tus to become the patron of the regatta, but a motion to invito his attendance was lost. The C. and R. R. S. N. Co. offer to convey competitors' boats free of charge by their steamers. A regatta is advertised to be held at Reeky Month on Easter Monday, the principal race in which is for all-comers, pulling a pair of sculls in 22-feet skiffs, men to be handicapped, distance about four miles. First prize, £20 ; second, -£5. The committee have adopted the novel idea of handicapping all the probable scullers of the Clarence and Richmond rivers, and advertising them at once. They are M. Rush, Grafton, 451b. ; D. and N. M'Donald, Narregah Island, each 251b.; R. Arm strong, Richmond River, 151b.; W. Hart and E. Hughes, Richmond River, 101b.; M. M'Mahon, Rocky Mouth, 101b.; H. Law, King's Creek, T. Byron, Harwood, W. O'Connor, Rocky Mouth, M. Black, North i Arm, J. Robinson, Richmond River, A. Campbell, Rich- I mond River, and G. Busch, North Arm, all feather. The committee announce they will handicap any other rower if the came is sent to the secretary. '? Concerning yachting in Victoria, the Federal Australian of the 2nd instant has the following : —'The seoond of the series for three races for second-class yachts, in connection with the above club, for a 30-guinea trophy, took place on Saturday last, over the usual course. The following yachts It competed The Minnehaha, Rory O'More, Psyche, and Viking. The wind was fresh from the south, and a good start having beat effected, the yachts got away on the star board tack, with all plain sail set. The Psyche was the first boat to go about, the remainder making a longer * stretch, in order to weather the lightship. A narrow escape from a collision occurred between the Viking and the Psyche, the former's bowsprit being run between the sheet and the end of the boom of the latter. _ Both these yachts had to tack in order to weather thelightship, and thereby lost a deal of ground. The yachts passed the light ship in following order ? — Hin'''^11, Rory O'More, Psyche, and Viking, after which the two firstnamed con tinued to increase their lead. The Minnehaha went rather too much to leeward of the Point Cook buoy, which allowed the Rory O'More to gain an advantage. The buoy was passed in the following time: — Minnehaha, 3h. 47m. 15s. ; Rory O'More, 3h. 48m. 30s.; Viking, 3h. 54m. 45s.; ! Psyche, 3h. 55m. 60s. The Viking lost ground in Betting her balloon jib, thus allowing the Psyche to come up with j; . Iter. The wind having freshened considerably, the yachts reduced sail, and took in tfteir topsails. Before arriving at the buoy off Green P«mt tbe two leading yachts stood away \- to the southward until right/eg the buoy ; after rounding 1 which, and having a free wind fw the run home, the Minne haha and Viking set their epina'kers. The Psyche set her balloep jib in lien of a spinaker C-& St. Kildar, and went amy from the Viking. Xbe winning was passed in the jj j !i following order : — 'Mirmphaba, at 5h. 32m. ; Rory O'More, 5h. 36m.; Psyche, 5h. 44m. 30s.; Viking, 5h. 45m. 30s. The Viking took third place by her time allowance, which was lm. 6s. The Minnehaha has proved herself the fastest sailer in her class, and there is every probability of her winning the trophy. The schooner-yachts, Red Gauntlet and May Queen, and the cutter-yacht Taniwha, each with a party of gentlemen on board, sailed over the course, and kept company with the competing yaehts. ' The Hon. W. J. Clarke's cutter-yacht, Janet, which left her moorings on Wednesday, 24 th instant, returned to S and ridge on Tuesday last. Her first port of call was Geelong, where she staved until Saturday ; thence she went to Queenscliff, ana experienced very heavy weather on the passage. She left Queenscbff on Monday morning, and returned to Geelong to pick up some of her passengers, and again met with bad weather. On Tuesday she got under weigh, and returned to her anchorage, after a most enjoyable trip. Captain Banner and his crew have had some splendid opportunities of making themselves acquainted with this cutter's capabilities in a breeze of wind, and I doubt not they will take advantage of them. ' The cutter-yacht, Secret, which left Port Albert ou the 28th instant, entered the Heads on Monday last, and arrived at her old moorings at Williamstown during that day. She looks very little the worse after her eventful voyage. J. Catarinicn, her master, speaks highly of her seagoing qualities.' The well- known and fast racing dingy Grand Flaneur has changed hands, being purchased by Mr. H. Downs from Mr. J. A. Ross. A well-attended special meeting of the members of the Sydney Amateur Sailing Club was held at the Exchange Hotel on Thursday evening week, the Commodore (Mr. G. C. Elliott) being in the chair. The principal business of the evening was to receive the report of the sub -committee appointed to carry out the preliminary arrangements con nected with the ! proposed new boatshed. Mr. Dietrich, on behalf of the sun-committee, explained that specifications and plans bad been prepared for a shed after the design of Mr. W. Grant, C.E., and that the only thing now required was the authority of the members for the work to be com menced at once. The design was unanimously approved, and the sub-committee were empowered to at once call for tenders and expedite the buildingof the shed. It is intended that the dubhotue shall be built on the site provided by the Government, next to the Sydney Rowing Club, Circular Quay. The cost will probably be over £600. A good round sum has already been promised towards the object, and the committee expect that with the assistance of the members the whole amount will be subscribed by the time of com pletion of the died. It is a matter of congratulation that the club has at last determined to erect the necessaiy head quarters, and we truBt that in the interests of the club itself no time will be lost in carrying out the proposal. At the same meeting the Commodore signified his intention of presenting four prizes for competition by the boats of the club at an early date, which intimation was received with a round of applause. Messrs. W. Witton, J. FeBq, W. Spain, N. Lockyer, and W. Banning were elected members of the club. After a presentation of prizes won by Messrs. Elliott and Scarr and a vote of thanks to the donors, Messrs. Geddes and H. T. Clark, the meeting closed. At a late meeting of the Rowing Association a bylaw was passed, that a sub-committee should be appointed to carry out all the arrangements connected with the annual regatta, intercolonial contests, and other events of import ance connected with the association. Up to the present time nearly the whole of the work has been thrown upon the shoulders of the hon. secretary. With an energetic sub-committee the work will be more fairly distributed, and the secretary will be relieved of a very heavy part of his accustomed work. At the same meeting a sub-committee was appointed to confer with Messrs. Holdsworth, Gardyne, and Co. on the future disposal of their prize. Notice of motion was also given to rescind the regulation which compels maiden rowers to row in fixed seats. The first race, for the Krng Champagne prize, was fixed to take place on 27th May next. | A preliminary meeting was held at Punch's Hotel on Wednesday, E. J. Gratton in the chair, when the following office-bearers and committee were appointed to carry out arrangements for the Woolloomooloo Bay Amateur Regatta, the date of which was fixed for March 11:— John E. Myers, hon. secretary; W. Grant, hon. treasurer ; committee — Alderman Hordern, Alderman S. E. Lees, £. M. Dietrich,* R. Oatley, Dr. Benbow, J. Drewett, S. H. Hyam, W. Johnson, H. Scarr, J. D. Stewart, T. Stokes, F.H.Williams, C.Gregory, L. Zollner, T. W. Raymond, J. H. Taylor, Captain Araora, W. Howell, A. J. Soutar, Dr. C. Belisario, John BJackman, C. J. PatiEon, L. G. J. Bennett, E. J. Gratton, F. A. Thomas, and W. Smyth. The usual monthly meeting of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club was held on Wednesday evening at the Exchange Hotel, Vice-Commodore Milford in the chair. After the minutes of the previous meeting had been read by the honorary secretary, and adopted by the meeting, the following gentlemen were elected as new members : — Messrs. L. Zollner, W. Bloomfield, _H. _E. Loxton, and Vice-Commodore Miller, of the Victorian Yacht Club. Mr. R. J. Jarvaulx was nominated as a new member. It was proposed by Mr. Stephen, seconded by Mr. MQsen, and carried, 'that the first class yacht race for Vice- Commodore Want's^ trophy be sailed on 25th instant; yachts to be handicapped, and the course to be a flying start from line between the beacon and Kirribilli Point, round boat off Curl Curl Point, round Shark Island, round Fort Denison, round Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island again, and back to red buoy off Fort Macquarie. It was also decided that the race for the fourth- class race, consisting of half-deck centreboard yachts, should be sailed for on the same day. The yachts to be handicapped, and the crew to be limited to five hands, with the following course : — From Kirribilli Point, round boat off Manly, round Shark Island, round Fort Denison, round Shark Island, and back to Fort Macquarie. This race will be staled for & prize given by the club. It was arranged that a steamer should be started to follow these races, for the convenience of members and their friends. Messrs. Milson and Grant were appointed a sub-committee to superintend the fixing of a buoy for moorings off Manly Beacu. The meeting adjourned, with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Our readers will regret to learn that Old Candlish, per haps better known as Jimmy Candlish, met with an acci dent at the Breakwater Works, Clarence River Heads, which, it is feared, will have a fatal termination. It appears that whilst hoisting a large block of stone the chain broke, and, springing back, struck poor Candlish on the head, fracturing his skull. Candlish came to this colony many years ago, with a good reputation as a sculler in the old country. Though not very successful in several matches rowed in tne colony, he is, nevertheless, well known among aquatic men, and his friends will be exceedingly glad if his unfortunate accident is not so serious as at first anticipated. The South Australian Amateur Rowing Association, we leam from an Adelaide telegram, have decided to hold bumping races in March and September, as carried on at Oxford and Cambridge regattas. Concessions on both sides (says the European Mail of December 30) have at length allowed the Hanlan and Boyd match for £500 a side to be virtually settled. During the past few days messages have been received from Toronto, which, in all 'mctiHuI points, accepted the challenge thrown out by Boyd. Hanlan, however, stipulated that certain con ditions should be set forth in the articles of agreement — viz., that each competitor shall be allowed the services of a pilot cutter, which ?hull keep astern of both boats from start to finish; that the umpire is to be appointed at the final deposit, but if the competitors are unable to agree they shall there and then toss for choice of umpire ; that the competitors shall, after the station boats have been moored on the day of the race, toss for choice of station ; that a request shall, out of compliment to the chief of the Tyne River Police, be inserted in the articles 'frfag them to render their assistance in preventing eteamera getting ahead of the men either at the start or sub sequently ; and that, in case of fog, ice, or extra rough weather rendering rowing dangerous on the day appointed, the umpire Bhall have power to postpone the race from day to day till the contest can be satisfactorily decided. These conditions have been agreed to by Boyd, and fresh articles drawn up and forwarded to London to be signed on behalf of Hanlan. The race will accordingly take place on the Tyne on April 3. A letter appeared in last issue of the Mail, signed by a 'Member of the Anniversary Regatta Committee,' respecting the question of numbering the sailing boats. The writer is evidently Btronglyin favour of the proposi tion that all sailing boats competing at regattas should cany a distinguishing number, and he expresses regret the while we admitted the trouble and worry that regatta com mittees have to contend with, we, nevertheless, gave pub licity to a onesided version of the question which lately came between the Anniversary Regatta Committee and Sydney Amateur Sailing Club. In the first place it does not seem to be sufficiently understood by the writer of the letter referred to, in common with many others, that while regatta committees undertake certain duties and responsi bilities, no circumstance should exonerate them from criti cism when occasion requires it. In the next place it is a common error for an advocate to see but his own side of the case end consider all others unfair and onesided. Of the merits of the question at issue, whether a sailing boat Bhould carry a distinguishing flag; or not we have hardly touched upon. It is the manner in which it is intended to be done that we object to, and we also disapprove of the mode of action of the Regatta Committee in endeavouring, at the last moment, to introduce an innovation about which there was a considerable difference of opinion, and which at the same time was looked upon with unqualified disfavour by the majoritv of sailing men. The idea of numbers on racing boats, whether in the centre of the sail, at the peak or the mast head, is out of the question, and will never be tolerated by boatowners. But as there appears to be some desire to see the boats denote the number of the race in which they are competing in addition to carrying their own distinguishing flag, we think that the following plan would meet the views of all concerned, and the experiment might be made. Each boat at the present time carries a distin guishing flag ; but in ordeT to denote the class we would place the present flag inside a ribbon or border of about three inches wide. For instance, the 24-feet boats would show their colours inside a bine border, the 22-feet boats in a red border, and so on throughout the various classes. It would meet' the object required in the least objectionable manner. We do not believe, however, that it would be taken advantage of as anticipated. The majority of spec tators at a regatta know and care little about the competing boats. They go and are delighted with the general effect produced. Those who do take an interest in open-boat sailing are sufficiently acquainted with the various boats and their colours to be at once able to see them when in sight. With desire to give the matter a fair trial we sub mit the above suggestion as one to which the least objection can be taken. Mr. John Harvey, a celebrated English yacht builder has lately visited New York, and has undergone the inevit able ordeal of being interviewed. The following answers were elicited from him by a reporter of the New York Herald. They are particularly interesting in the compa- i rison made between English and American yachtsmen, and we have every reason to believe that the account is perfectly authentic: — 'And in this particular you think English yachtsmen are superior to American yachtsmen V' — ' Why, bless you, there is the greatest difference in the world. American yachtsmen seem to love the luxury of fair winds and smooth waters. They don't get out of sight of land like Englishmen, who now and then want to get so far off shore that the atmosphere of the city is forgotten in the clear, bracing breezes of the ocean. As for the comparative yachting tonnage of the two countries, why, one is very ? large and the other is very little.' 'Isn't there a difference between your racing and exercising boats?' — ?' The public j generally are learning that the best boat for racing is the j best for cruising. The expense of building for racing purposes only, and keeping a racing craft up to the standard, is one great objection. Racing crews, with the perquisites they obtain, are a great drawback. Until three years ago the cruising and racing boats amounted to about the same relative tonnage, but the Thames system of mea- j surement adopted by the Yacht Racing Association of Great Britain caused a type of boat in which at last, as in the case of the Evolution, beam amounted to nothing, iand the depth grew greater and greater. The Evolution is owned by the same gentleman that owns the Jullanar, and it is admitted that the Evolution is a mistake, and, what is more, it wouldn't surprise me if she were broken up. Reduced beam, however, just to cheat the measurement rules, is working its own cure, and I expect in a short time that the proportions of our racing-craft may be similar to those of three years ago.' ' What is your opinion of the American type of boatB?' — 'We think that the cubical contents measurement, as adopted by the New York Yacht Club, has spoiled in a great degree your form of yachts.. Your shallow boats are dangerous. To my mind there is nothing in this country now better looking than the old America, or would go faster if she were set right. Americans should be proud ot the old boat, for she deserves all the praise that can be given her.' ' You saw the Sappho in England— what of her f' — ' Neither the Sappho, nor the Enchantress, nor any such get-ups are at all creditable. True, the Sappho may have beaten some of our boats, but then nobody cared about it, and the races didn't amount to much.' 44 What do you think of Americans adopting the safer type of boat?5' — 'There will be some time, of course, before American yachtsmen adopt the English style of boat; but they will surely do so by degrees. They want a safer boat than they now have— a boat that when caught at sea in a storm they need not be afraid of. You vachtsmen will come to this gradually, as sure as eggs are eggs.' ' Shall we have a visitor or visitors from among your racing yachts next year ?' — ' Well, that depends upon circumstances. If the New York yachtsmen put up jolly good prizes— the same as is done up the Medi terranean—and throw the old mug (America's cup) in, why they might come; but they wouldn't sail under this cubical contents measurement. Offer good inducements ; make your rule of measurements so that it will be equitable to both sides; make the races for certain days, and let them come off whatever the wind or weather, and some of the crack boats may come over the sea.' 'Won't the America's cup be challenged for by an English yacht P' — ' I don't believe it will be under the New York rules of measurement ; there isn't enough thought about the cup to risk Euch a rule, or that is my impression.' Mr. Harvey also faid that the racing crews of English yachts were under the strictest discipline, and that if such should find their way into American waters the yachtsmen here would be Etruck with their quiet deportment. In his opinion they would hardly come ashore, as it is the unwritten law among English racing crews not to mix with their opponents or wrangle about prospective contests. Just so with the English racing skippers. They are quiet, attentive to their business, and have no desire to interfere with others. 