THE JEWS GIFT. A.D. 1200. The Abbot willed it, and it was done. They hanged him high in an iron cage For the spiteful wind and the patient sun To bleach him. Faith, 'twas a cruel aee ! Just lor no crime they banged him there. When one ie a Jew, why, one remains A Jew to the end, though he swing in air From year to year in a suit of chains. 'Twat i May, and the buds into bloesom broke, And the apple-boughs were pink and white : What gruesome fruit was that on the oak Swaying and swaying day and night ? ' The miller, urging his piebald mare Owsr the croBB-road, stopped and leered ? .But never an urohin ventured there For fear of the dead-man's long white beard. . A loDg^white beard, like carded wool, Beaching down to the very knee,— Of a proper sort with which to pall Aheieiic Jew to the gallows- tree. Piteous women-ioJk turned aw*v Having no heart for suoh a thing* ' But the blackbirds on the alder-spray For very joy of it seemed to sing. Whenever a monk went shuffling by To the convent over against the hilL He would lift a pitiless pious eye, And mutter, 'The Abbot bat did God'8 And the Abbot himself slept no whit less Bat rather the more, for this his deed - And the May moon filled, and the liveliness Of springtide flooded upland and mead: Thee an odd ihing chanced. A certain clown, On a certain morning breaking stone By the hill-side, saw, as he glanced down, Tnat the heretic's long white beard was gone— Shaved aB dean and clOBe as you choose As close and clean as his polished pate ! Like wildfire spread the marvellous news From «he alehouse bench to the convent gate. And the good folk flocked from far and near, And the monks trooped down the rooky height ; 'Twas a miracle, that was very clear— The devil had shaved the Israelite ! Where is the Abbot? Quick, go tell ! Summons him, knave, 'edeath 1 ^straight way! The Devil has sent his barber from hell, Perchance there will be the Devil to pay ! Now a lad that had climbed an' alder-tree, The better to overlook the rest, At finding a wondrous blackbird's nest, Then suddenly flung it from his hand, For io I it was woven of human hair, Plaited and braided, strand upon strand ? No marvel the heretic's chin was bare ! Silence fell upon priest and down, Each stood rivetted in his place ; The brat that tagged at his mother's gown Caught the terror that blanohed her faoe. Then one, apatriaroh, bent and grey, Wise with the grief of yeaiB fourscore, Picked up his staff, and took his way By the* mountain path to the Abbot's door — And bravely told this thing of the nest, How the birds had never touched cheek or eye, Bat daintily plucked the fleece from the breast To build a home for their young thereby. '* Surely, if they were not af eard (God's little choristers, free of guile !) To serve themselves of the Hebrew's beard, It was that he was not wholly vile ! ' Perhaps they saw with their keener eyes The grace which we missed, bat whioh God sees— Ah, bat he reads all hearts likewise, The good in those, and the guilt ia theBe, Precious is mercy, Oh my lord ! ' Vh Humbly the Abbot bowed his head, And, making a gesture of accord— « What would you have ? The knave is * dead.' ' Ceries, the man is dead ? No doubt Deserved to die — sb a Jew he died ? But now he hath served the sentence out (With a dole or two thrown in beside), Suffered all that he may of men Why noi earth him, and nc more words ?' The Abbot pondered, and smiled, and then ? 'Well, well! since he gave his beard to the birds!' — Thomas Sauot Aldbich, in the Atlantic Monthly. ? Thb Bogie op Oghlvies. — Some curious statements are appearing in reference to a 'warning,' alleged to have preceded the death of Lord Airlie out West. In the Airae family the death-token is the beating of a drum, and this signal has frequently been heard by reputable witnesses. The late Dr. Norman Maclepd, the famous editor of Good Words, lent the weight of his testimony to some extent to it. Others declare that just before the death of Lord Ajrlie'e father in 1849, they were staying at Airfie Castle, in Porf arshire, and heard the mysterious music loner before they were aware that he wap dying in London. It is also reported that the ghostly drum mer-boy was again heard just before the death of the late peer in Colorado. One of the servants heard it first in the corridor, and it ie said that the souncls also reached the room of Lady Airlie, whose great prostration was partly caused by this dreadful visitor. The affair has given rise to considerable correspondence on the subjects of ghosts, wraiths and second* eigbtf~-,fi*change, 