HENRY KENDALL. . When Shelloy, in that' superlative rhapsody ' of words — 'Alastor'— pictured the penalties of the poetic gift, he used tho inspired lan . guago of the poet, to utter tho wisdom of tho philosopher. Alastor, tho reader will remem ber, is a dreamer and singer, who, having almost exhausted the fonntains of beauty, is still insatiate. He recognises a vastness and love in his nature, which lack their satisfying counterpart in the world ; and, to find whether that counterpart exists, is the object of his poetic aim. He seeks in vain, utterly in vain ; and, baffled and blasted by keen disappoint ment, finds an early grave. If it were ever-the lot of tho poet to test this sort of theory, the nineteenth century certanly offers an excellent field. In this ago, the sin ger, except in isolated cases, personally proves the truth of Hamlet's aphorism, that ' tho world is out of joint;' nor lias he the good luck, to be able to say with the Danish prince, that he ' was born to set it right.' ' Society, in point of fact, seems to have been ' born' to set the bard right — or wrong, which amounts to tho same.thing. For it cannot bo denied, in spite of illustrious examples to the con trary, that the gift of song is often as fatal p the possessor's peace, as tho Grecian horso jas to the doomed Trojans. Whether tho fault boon the side of tho singer, or the world, I am not called upon to determine. I simply affirm, that, amid tho hoarso roar of this utili tarian age, the poet is heard merely by suf ferance : and sorrow, in some shape or other, seems to be his portion. He pipes to a gene ration that will not dance, or, if it danco, waits till ho is dead. ' Upon the career of Henry Kendall the stamp of sorrow has been set. With a noblo heartcd wife and beautiful children, he pos sessed at least ono of thov main elements of social ' happiness. But an overwhelming gloom dominated himperpotually. His songs aro steeped in an elcmont of tho Borrowful. Had ho preceded, in place of following, Edgar Poo, ono would have Beon in him the embodi ment of that 'unhappy master 'of whom this first of American geniuses writes so mournfully and so melodiously : — ' Whom unmerciful disaster Followed fast, and followed faster, till liis songs ono burden liore ; Till tho dirges of liis liopo tlio melancholy burden bore Of nover — novermore.' Nor was that gloom produced, in tho main, by the failing which a portion of tho press has so unnecessarily accentuated. Thoso who know tho inner lifo of 'Henry Kendall as well as tho present writor did, can cortify that family troubles formed a reason sufficiently valid to account for most of his sorrow. In his domestic relations, he had every blessing that a devoted wifo and children can givo. But, outside that — and the veil need bo lifted no further — ho incurred perplexities which weighed heavily upon his soul. The simple features in connection with tho poet's life havo beon often mentioned, and may bo briefly summarised. Born in tho Ulladalla distriot, in 1812, his earliest recol lections were saturated with tho beauty of ono of tho most favored spots in tho colony. Passing over minor matters related to his youth, undoubtedly tho first faot of import ance connected with his mental devclope ment, is that of being associated with tha author of ' John Cumberland' — James Lionol Michael — a namo almost forgotten by tho present generation of readers. Michael was a solicitor by professon, but cherished an offection for the Muses, which those ladies did not altogether reciprocate. Ho was also attached to literature generally. Important indeed, was Michael's influenco over tho rising poet, who had, even then, begun to 'sip Castalian dews.' And until Michael's lamen ted and mysterious death, tho warmest feeling subsisted between thom. Among Australian authors, howover, Harpur was Kendall's earliest favorite. To the last, he retained the highest admiration for Harpur — although, of course, less for what Harpur did than for what he might and could havo done. For Charles Harpur had many of the potent ialities of greatness ; but his was ' unfulfilled renown.' Not being enamoured of a profession which, as Junius says, ' lives by tho indiscriminate defence of right and wrong,' Kendall jilted tho law, and not long after entered tho Survoy Oflice, and subsequently the Colonial Secre tary's Department. Becoming dissatisfied — not an uncommon experience for intellect cooped up in tho Government service — ho went to Melbourne, thus resigning official lifo. He was led to visit the southern colony owing to the fact of having won a poetical prize offered by a Victorian journal ; and ho fondly imagined that there was an opening for him as a literary man there. Here ho stayed for a timo, experiencing vicissitudes known only to himself and thoso who wero his friends indeed. Eventually, in thiB darker period of his life, he visited Sydney again ; and subsequently went to Gosford, whero Charles Fagan, J.P., housed and befriended him with a warmth which Kendall never forgot. After a variety of experiences, ho visited Camden Haven as clerk to the Messrs. Fagan, who have an extensivo business in that lovely, but wild, locality. Hero he stayed until he received the position, ten dered by a genius-rewarding Government, of Inspector of Forest Reserves. In this position he had to encounter many physical hardships for which he was ill-fitted, and, a little over two months and a half ago, he re turned to Sydney, utterly debilitated. From that time he sank, and, in the house of the Messrs. Fagan Bros., Sydney, he died on tho 1st August. These noble-hearted men, whose names deserve to be remembered while Kendall remains a poetic power in the land, ministered to his dying wants, and his devoted wife incessantly watched beside him. He was buried by a handful of mourners at the Waverley Cemetery, near the sea ; and not far from the resting-placo of Samuel Bennett, who was long attached to him. In a brief sketch, where the limitations of space are inexorable, a finished appraise ment of Kendall's poetry is hardly to be ex pected. Nevertheless, a few remarks are necessary. The first volume published by the poet contained much 'that was immature, and little that he wished remembered. But his own judgment of it was far too harsh. It contained songs which possessed the true ring and swing and vigor of a genuine Austra lian lyric. In such songs the power— which is, after all, the mint-mark of genius — was unmistakeable. Tho melody, too, was most undeniable; and, in a tardy way, the local press, which sees 'no good in Nazareth,' acknowledged him. This was about 1862. Seven years after was issued tho volume 'Leaves From Australian ForestB,' whioh, among some ' stray echoes from the the elder sons of song' (as the poet modestly puts it) contains some splendid poetio tri umphs, which tho 'world will not willingly lot die.' What, as a masterly piece of vivid word painting, could be finer than ' The Hut by tho Black Swamp?' Piotured by the genius of tho chronicler, it stands out in unsurpassed realism. Within the circuit of those gloomy slabs, Murder has held saturnalia, and the place is thrice accursed by the terrible ban of blood. Thero is not a weak stanza in tho poem — crisp, sharp, and passionatelyincisivc, the poet can write nil ultra across his work. Here are three stanzas, and those unquoted aro no better and no worse : — Across tliis hut tlio liottlo runs, And livid adders mnko their lair In corners dank from lack of suns ; And ont of fetid furrows staro Tho growths that scare. Hero Summer's grasp of firo is laid On bark nnd slabs, that rot nnd breed Squat ugly things of deadly shade — ' riio^corpion nnd tlio spiteful seed Of centipcdo. Unhallowed thunders, harsh and dry, And flaming noontitlcs muto with beat Beneath tlio breathless brazen sky Upon these rifted rafters beat With torrid feot. Entirely in another style is '/September in Australio,' which is a veritablo poem of greet ing to tho season when — Grey Winter hath gone like a wearisome guest, And, behold, for repayment Soptomber comes in with tho wind of tho west, And tlio Spring in her raimont. Most of those who peruse this will remem ber ' Ghost Glen,' a poem of weird and eerie energy. It is in this volume. Here, too, aro to be found somo of those poems of his which are pure songs. ' The Warrigal,' ' On a Cattle Track,' ' Tho Cattle Hunters,' and others, are exquisite for affluence of color and delicacy of touch. Thoy have tho breezy melody and rushing sweop of tho true ringing lyric, and are closely related to that beautiful poem in tho first volumo, commenc ing: 'From tho hills of tho Narran, white-dotted witlr sheep.' ' Euroclydon ' is as erratic in treatment as it is in metre. Take this verse for examplo : ' And tho wilted thyme And tlio patches past Of tho nettles cast In tho drift of tho rift, and tho broken vino, Aro tumbled and blown To overy zono With tho famished gledo and tho plovers thinned By this fourfold wind, Tliis wind Bublimo.' What could be more singular or successful in its way than the hymn to this 'Fourfold wind, This wind sublime ?' In this volume, too, are thoso sweet bits of Keatsian word-painting, ' Araluen,' ' Ilia Creek,' ' Moss on a Wall,' ' In tho Valley,' ' Mountain Moss,' and that most musical study, commencing : ' By chnnnels of coolness tho echoes aro railing.' Nor must I omit to mention at least three other poems. 'Tlio Voyage of Telegonus,' and ' Ogygcs ' aro splendid rehabilitations of beautiful Greek myths. The stylo is lofty and claBBic, the diction wonderfully sustained. Kendall's intellect, although lie knew nothing of Greek as -a language, was Bingulary Hel ' 1 ? lonio in tono and tendenoy . And thoso poems are filled nnd vital with the majestio solem nity of tho subjects,. Each is tlio sublime monody . of a human fato or woo ; Destiny hangs over eaoh like a funeral pall, and sor row and hopelessness aro the burdens of tho songs. Of ' King Saul at Gilboa,' I shall simply Bay that it is ono of tho most perfect Sorip tural paraphrases in tho language, and brief and rapid as the Btudy is, I do not hesitato to express this as my deliberate judgment. I havo littlo timo now, to refer to tho third volumo ; but it may bo briefly handled. It is remarkable then, mainly for a new de parture in subject. In 'Black Lizzie,' and ' Blaok Koto,' and espeoially in such skits, as ' Bill tho Builook-drivor,' and ' Jem tho Split ter,' Kendall has takon a wider flight, and has alighted in a larger field than formerly. He assumes hore tho rfllo of an Australian Bret Harto — and though ho has not tho hu mour of Brot, ho has a far finer command of all tho armoury of poetry. ' Bill tho Bullock driver,' for example, is ooncoived in a spirit of singular power. It is an absolute study of a phase of Australian forest life. It is a vir tual word-photograph, drawn by a genuine son of Apollo. It is characterised by both genius and truth, and had not Kendall died shortly after ho discovered his adaptability for this stylo of composition, wo should doubtless have had somo superlative studies of a pecu liarly Australian type. As it is, wo must re cognise, without stint, tho authentio mission of this poet to pourtray phenomenal phases of bush lifo. The rest is our loss. But certain of tho serious productions in this volumo aro Bingularly powerful. They are among Kendall's very best. It is the fashion among some critics to affect to believe that Kondall's earlier wero his best poems. The idea is absurd. Kendall showed, in rhetorical structure and woof, a distinctive advance to the very end. What can bo more beautiful in its way than tho Melbourne Exhibition Cantata ? Fluent, and of astonish ing beauty metrically, it is a lyrical gem. Listen to tho ring of this — Dressed is tho beautiful City — the spires of it Burn in tlio firmament, stately nnd still ; Forest lias vanished — tlio wood nnd tho lyres of it, Lutes of tho sea-wind, nnd harps of tho bill. This is tho region — and horo is tho bay by it — Collins, tho deathless, beheld in a dream, Flinders and Fawkner, our forefathers gray by it Paused in tho hnsli of a season snpremo. Hore, on tlio waters of majosty lienr to us, Lingorcd tlio leaders by towers of flame — Elders who turn from tho lordly old years to us, Crowded with the light of incflablo fame. Two other poems, most remarkable for beauty, are 'Narrara Creek' and 'Beyond Kerguelen.' I do not hesitate to say that, for melody and chime, somo verses of tho former and the whole of the latter are not excelled in the wide range of English poetry. Listen to the opening notes of ' Narrara Creek ' — From tho rainy hill-lieads whore, in starts and in spasms, Leaps wild tho wliito torrent from chasms to chasms ; - From tho homo of bold echoes, whoso voices of wonder Fly out of blind caverns struck black by high thunder; Through gorges august, in whoso nether recesses Is heard tho far psalm of unseen wildernesses— Liko a dominant spirit — n Btrong-lianded sharer Of spoil with tlio tempest— comc3 down tho Narrara. Yea, whero tho great sword of tho hurricane clcaveth Tho forested fells that tlio dark nover lcavotli ; By fierce-featured crags, in whoso evil abysses The clammy snako coils, and the flat adder hisses ; Past lordly rock tomples, whero silenco is riven By the antliems supremo of tho four winds of heaven : It speeds with tho cry of the streams of tho fonntains — It chained to its side, 'and dragged down from the mountains. For descriptive majesty these versea can hardly be excelled ; and for complete mastery over a measure that taxes rhythmic capabi lities, take ono stanza of ' Beyond Kerguelen.' The rest aro equally powerful. Storm from tho Pole is the singer that sings to it — Hymns of tho land nt tho planot's groy verge — Thunder discloses dark wonderful things to it, Thunder and rain and tho dolorous surge. Hills with no liopo of a wing or a leaf on thom, Scarred with tho chronicles written by flame, Staro through the gloom of inscrutable grief on them, Down on tho horns of tho gulf without name. Cliffs with tho record of fierce flying fires on tliem Loom over perilous pits of eclipso ; Alps, with anathemas stamped in tlie spires on them; Out by tho wave, with a curso on its lips I Modelled in precisely the same measure, and possessed of the same powerful characteristics, is ' The Curse of Mother Flood.' In these phases of poetio delineation, the graphic power of Kendall is unrivalled. His remarkable com mand of metre and the resources of poetry — the singular mastery of words which enables him to emphasise his meaning by an aggre gation of epithet, are marked distinctly in these and many others of his poemB. I think I need say no more to vindicato the extraordinary merit of many poems in this third volume. And, besides those mentioned are many of no less merit. There is a touch ing pathos in Buch poems as ' Araluen,' and ' Mary Rivers ;' a fine descriptivoness in 'Pytheas;' atender softness in 'Hy-Brosil.' Whoso runs may read all this. It was, I think, 'Orion' Home who, in describing Deniehy's sensuous appreciation of musical diction, affirmed that his ' mouth watered at words,' just aB a gourmand's at a pulpy peaoh. Far moro than to Deniehy, this remark applies to Kendall. There ia little in our poet's verso of the grand Wordsworthian meditativo faculty — thero is little of that ' sugar-coated pill ' philosophy in metre. Kendall was essen tially a descriptive poet — an interpreter of Nature's myriad phases. He cared littlo for the pourtrayal of human passions; but no contemporaneous poet ever wrought moro successfully, to ovoko tho strong melody that lies in honey-syllabled combinations of words, than Henry Kendall. He speaks, in ono of his ' sugared sonnets' (as Meres would have called them) of the ' sumptuous comfort left in drowsy eyes,' by the 'haunting Bongs ' of Alfred Tennyson. And this with all naturalness; for, of all English poets, living or dead, Tennyson is simply tho most impeccable as an artist. Ho is the most consummato artificer in dexterous poetio workmanship that England has ever seen; and by tho sheer force of natural sympathy and intellectual tendenoy Kendall has, with out imitating, learnt much of the elder bard's full-bodied style. That his opinion and admiration of Tennyson wore strong to a most remarkable degree, I know ; for, many a time, in conversation with me, Kendall would put TonnyBon at the head of all English poetry, past or present — Shakspere and the Elizabethans, as he would emphatically say, included. ? In close accord with the most successful modern poetry, then, Kendall's verse is essen tially rhetorical in structure and woof — as much so as Tennyson's or Swinburne's. For, although these living leaders of tho poetio world have littlo in common, they aro alike in tho marvellously facile play of their rhetorio. Their Btyles are, of course, antipodal, For, while Swinburne, with a lyric impetuosity and wealth of words absolutely Pindario, hymns his ' Songs ' to revolutionists and ' advanced thinkers' — Tennyson, with sublime 'artistic tranquility, pens rcsthetio products, fit at times for his own dreamy passionless lotos eaters. Besides descriptive power, Kendall had a tender vein of pathos and melancholy ; a kind of placid sadness, half a sentiment — half an emotion. And, had he lived to cultivate the comio and satirio faculties ho developed, wo should havo soon possessed spirited skotohes of forest eccentricities, compared, with which 'Wollombi Jim,' and 'Bill tho Bullockdri ver,' are but ' pallid adumbrations.' Enough has I think been said for the pre sent. Tho poet is dead ; but his works, vital ized by genius, aro undying. Ho reposes at Waverloy Cemetery, within sound and sight of the illimitablo sea, lulled — if lulling he needed after a life's unrest — by the voico of the many sounding surge. ' Givo me a drink from tho sea,' ho said, in one of those half-delirious moments that preceded death. And, pursuant to his laBt request, he sleeps by tho sea. Not far removed from him, is tho grave of Samuel Bonnett, who was over ii veritablo friend to tho vanished singer. For tho rest what slialll say? ' Aftor life's fitful fover, ho sloops well.' And with tho Roman's ' Ave atque vale' on my lips, I strotcli my hands out into tho dark, and mur mur tho poet's own lines on Lionel Michael : ' Bo his rest tho rest lio sought, Calm nnd deep, Let no bittor speech or thought Vox his Bleop.' P. J. Holdsworth. 