THE FUNERAL ORATION ON THE DEATH OF THE LATE MR A. j E. HEATH. The late Mr Heath, being a most active . member iH connection with the Congre gational Church of this town, the Rev. I, Masters, M.A., pastor of the church, utilised the occasion by delivering aa I oration on the life and character of Mr Heath. The church was crowded with hearers representing all sections of the community. I The rev. gentleman selected his text I from Ecclesiastes, 7th chapter, 2nd verse ? I — "It is better to go to the house at I mourning than to the house of feasting for that is the end of all men, and the living will lay it to his heart." The preacher, after a brief elucidation of the text, proceeded to apply it to the sad event to which the service had refer ence. He pointed out the vast difference between the house of mourning, where sorrow is not mitigated by the alleviation ©f religion, and the house where we may see the reality and power of Christian consolation. He dwelt on those special circumstances which should lead all to lay the solemn lesson to heart. That he was so widely known, so inti mately associated with us, so lately amongst us, and so suddenly taken away. Mr Masters then gave a sketch of the life and character ef the late Mr Heath, dwelling on his early Christian training, the development of his character in his youth, his interest and activity in Chris tian work, his discipline of sorrow, and that character as exhibited for many years in this community, which had weii the confidence, esteem, and admiration of aiU who knew him. The preacher was very careful tp point out that his object was net to eulogise the dead simply, but to show what Christian principle ought to do is all ; that he was not describing a perfeet man, but rather a man who exhibited many of those estimable qualities which should be, in all our lives, the fruit3of the grace of God ; that the best of men Ml short before a just and rieghtous God ; and that our brightest hope and greatest comfort is that those who exercise a simple saving faith in the crucified risen Saviour are made meet to mingle with " the spirits of just men made per fect," by the washing of regeneration, the renewing of the Holy Ghost, and by re moval from this life's imperfections and toils to the land where " God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes " Mr Mas- ters then made a very touching reference to the last hours of the departed; and concluded with an earnest appeal to aS present to see that they were at peace witb God, and to exercise a saving faith in the risen Son of Gnd. that thev micrTit. -not — 7 _ t j — Q — — — - perish, but have everlasting life. — "Boe der Post." 