THE SALVATION ARMY. DRAW! NG-ROX>M M E ETING BRISTOL. AT A DRAWING-ROOM meeting was held on the evening of March 30, at the house of Mr. W, H. Btidgett, JHo^e Bishop to mark the sympathy of some of the Methodists of Bristol with the work of the Salva- tion Army, and to raise subscriptions for the' Cadets' Training Home. 4 In the- almetite through ill-health of the Rev. G. B*>wd*n, tbe chairman of the district Mr. W. H. Bodgett, presided. After singing and prayer, led bv the Rev. M. G. Pearsty Mr. Jiujgett ti*pten*ed his own deep interest in the iSalvation Army a9 the r<wult of personal observation of the work in Bristol, and sympathy with them in their present difficulties about the right of street preaching and public processions, and then read the following letter from the Rev. George Bowden 5 "Dawlish, March • "Dear Friend,—am very much disappoint-* ed that, in the order'>fGod*e providence, 1 am hindeied from coming to yon. I had a great desire personally to wish the General and Mrs. Booth 'God speed ye' in their great and glorious work. ** After watching the work of the Salvation Army, and noting the effects of that work, I have full confidence in the opinion that it is a great work of God. The magnitude of its success and the character of it, a *nat£o& born in a day/and that nation gathered from the lowest of our city populations, hy an instrument so feebleaccording to common modes of estimate, munt be a work wrought of (he Holy Ghost. 'The excellency of the power is of God.* On any large scale the Churches had failed to" do this work. Here and there by devoted men and women it was done, but not on any wale proportioned to- the need. We do rejoice and praise God lor tbe success granted to thia arm of the service of our gtt-at Captain. They have fought in the high places of the field, they have taken strongholds, they have been in great perils, they bear many scars, they are gloriously rich iu captives. To- day it is our privilege to strengthen their handV and their hearts. Their successes are ours; aud their enemies are ours. I feel it a privilege and a dnty, just now especially, to defend thein on the platform, in the railway train, or in the social circle, at all times and In all places to stand shoulder to shoulder with them^ and, if needs be. to share their reproaches. u The brutal {opposition of an organised rowdyism, encouraged sometimes by magis^ trates, who make larjre profits out of Bin, connived® at |by police in some places who are themselves only removed by office from the brutality they witness, are a lond call on all who love Jesus to stand by the Army aud defend it. " Are we to have the clangour of church beils, bands of music, hurdy- gurdys, ribald songs sung to crowds, circus processions, cheap-jack haranguing throngs, all these men in public streets; and a company of godly men and women not to be allowed to sing the praise of God t u I know tlie sick-room where the passing of the Army is looked forward to from week to week as a ric i jpy, . I have seen women with dishevelled hair rush down side streets to k>ok"a«H listen as they would not at any other Gospel call. 1 have felt again and again a wonderful inspiration myself from tbe singing of my own, or their street bands. We know the hatted they eneouaier is »ot because «f this or t&at; mode of working, but really because meu are made unhapry in their sins* and in nuniIters arc saved from them. The devil and his servants note their success and fear it. If I were rich I would send a donation of some value. 1 have sent a smalt donation by Mrs. W. Budgett, and greatly regret I am not with yon to say many things it W ia in my heart to say.—I am, yours faithfully,. Letters of sympathy were also read fr<»ro the Revs. J. W. Twed^fe, John Philip. J. R. Gregory, and Messrs. F, W. Gedye, and H. Pet hick. Mrs Booth then <Mivered an address ©» " Cr&oBGE; Bowden." beli a] f of the Cadets* Train i n c Homo, and heidvt by expressing her gratification at Mr. BrtoxienV letter. They seamed to be on the eve of a thoroughly or^anisd persecution, and were prohahl v just entering on the real fight i»p to (In riglu of public procession and street preaching, 4 which they did not intend to give up for a moment. They contended that they Were within the limits uf the law, and had A right to the protection of the law. The work of theSalvatiori Army was the special work of of God which wanted doing for the outlying masses of this generation. Tlie opposition was a good sign. If they could only make their power so frit then the enemy Would arise and fight tin»m. Mrs. Booth vtetxi on to say that she had suffered ntuch that day about the imprisonment of one, of their officers at \Vesto», knowing him to be very delicate, and knowing history. She considered it shame that ^ My man should be made lie on a bare board with nothing under his head ; deprivation of liberty, bard labour, and indifferent food was punishment enough, without committing htm to an instrument of torture every night by laying him upon aboard. God helping h<T, she w/mid lift up her voice against this iniquity, without reference to the Salvation Army. A tn&u; converted in prison, and who had been there six - months, told her that he believed numbers of able-bodied young men came out of gaol with their constitutions injured for life through the treatment received ther^. They wanted another Howard in England, But what had mad« this man B^atty willing to go to prison ? Hj got nothing by it ; he had not bettered his condition certainly. He was a dreadful drunkard before his conversion. He had signed the fdedge at least ten times. After the last time of breaking it he learnt to trust God to save him from the appetite. He walked well, and laboured like a true soldier in Bjithnsil-frreen for somt? time, and had since been a successful. devoted officer. That was the man.put in vprf£m tliattfay for thf«*fe months preaching th-- 0o«oel in the street^ of Westonwhat had made the man willing to go to prison? He not only sung aboutJesus, I my cross have taken, all to leave and follow Thee/ but he took it and went to gaol ! There 1 was the spirit of the Master in him. The spirit of agression was as necessary now as in the days <.f Paul and Silas ; it- skeined to her more so. In Basingstoke their greatest enemies w#re bound to confess that the spirit of their people had been ad mirable; they had reclaimed prizefighters, who could have fought their Way through any mob, and they had walked' in processions with hands in their pockets fearing to, be tempted to strike fi blow. Their offences was simply this, that they made : the ' people uncomfortable in their sins : as a publican expressed it, "Coming round sieging their sanctimonious hymns and making me miserable 1" Their next peculiarity was what was called their high standard. This was not higher than the Bible. They believed and taught the highest devotion to God they taught that real Christianity enjoined 'and involved the sacrifice of all self- seeking in any shape or form, that real Christianity demanded and iuvolved the subjection of everything in us and of us to the will of God *nd extension of the Redeemer's kingdom ; and that a person, when really and truly saved, substituted God's wdl for his own and God's interests for his own. And when their people were under conviction, in anxious meetings, &c.; they tried to get at the sore point of the ydifficn!ty, and they taught them that there was no salvation for them but in an absolute surrender of themselves to God, and of whatever came between Him and their souls. " They had many men in the Army who had given up lucrative situations because in them they bad to practise things which hurt their coniences. They had many who had come ont of the liquor traffic who had been for weeks and months out of employment. They were just about settling to open an Army "iichool, where the real religion of Jesus Christ should be taught And practised. They did not intend to take any children whose parents were not willing for them to be trained for Salvation Army officers ; they purposed giving them a Bound education which would fit them for any calling in life, and then, it God called them to it. to be officers in the Army, to sacrifice all worldly ambitions and schemes, and be really and truty soldiers of Jesus Christ, to live for His interests in the world in whatever vocation God should call them. This was their standard. Ought this to 1m? peculiar to the Salvation Army ? tyas this any higher than John Wesley's, or that of the early Friends, or, indeed, of most other Churches at first The World wanted living epistles,'* men and 7 women who should 44 po embody the principles and spirit of Jesus ChriKt as to show men by their live* and actions that it was a reality., And they had thousands of people to-day who, wh»*re\er they lived, were known as centres of spiritual r life and power. Referring to the statistics of the 1 movement,* the speaker said that in three months they had opened about thirty-two new stations; and on one Snndaytuoruing, three weeks ago. they had 21,000 at the seven o'clock prayer meetings. The speaker then remarked on the aggressive character of the work. With relation to hostility to other bodies, souitibody said the other day that they had given orders to their officers not to help anybody else. The universal testimony of ministers who were honest was to the effect that the Army had stirred up their own congregations. Their officers were continually going to villages and out-of- the-way places to give a lift to other denominations. They had orders'not tbjreceivfe members of other denominations as members, f they would, rather not have members of other detmminatifcns as a rule. People also said they were forming a secf. Suppose they were ; how did they know that the Lord did riot want arnother ? They were no more a sect now than they were at the beginning; however, it was just what they were trying to avoid being. They were continually in council to keep things moving and to prevent their getting into'rnts, continually moving their officers and keeping the thing going on new lines as much as possible. They bad from the beginning administered the Lord's Supper; and when people wanted to be baptized, tfyey sent,them to a Baptist minister. They had now 20,000 public speakers who were pushing the claims of God upon their fellow-men, and the majority of them would be ready to go to prison to-morrow for the sake of the Lord Jesus Christ! The rate at which they were growing' was ..oneof their great difficulties. .They would give anything to get breathing time. They wanted the Methodist people to help them in their undertaking. About £3000 had been raised by their Wesleysn friends. The place would cost ^20.000. They had paid and promised £14,500. The hall would be a grand building, and would peat 4700 ; rooms underneath would take 8000 more ; there would be space for a tent to hold 8000 more ; also good kitchens and officers. • The Rev. M. G. Pcarse said those present would bear him witness that from the first he had had the moet profound interest in their work. There was just one point, however, that he should be glad to see guarded carefully. He had noticed now and then in the War Cry a sneer at the work of other Churches ; an idea that they were all dead : no converting power amongst them. The class of people among whom they worked were very quick ^ to take that up. Mrs. Booth said they could not expect these rough people to be so tender of these cold, phlegmatic, do-nothing: Christians. They felt that everybody ought to be as alive as they were. But they did not encourage it. They said ' " Mind yotlr own business, and that »s saving sonle." The Rev. M, G. Pearse asked what had been found to be the worth of the all-night meetings as holinea* meetings 1 Mrs. Booth replied that they were inestima-r ble. Other Churches were having them. She had never known an instance of one being held without blessed Jresults. Tbc-y admitted everyl>od v by ticket, and were most particular because admitting anybody not in sympathy would Kpoil the meeting. £100 baying been promised by the company the object in view, #the pieeting was brought to the close with the benediction.—R ecorder 