ULSTER FOLK-LORE. THE GRE1IDY EYE AND THE EVIL EYE. THE collector o£ folfc-lo?e in Uteter find* many suporstl'ioao brought f.'Otn Sontltsnd by the settlers, ss well aa legends and fancies peculiar to the Irish population. The latter consist principally cf fairy tsloa and/ ghost stories, many of them very poetical v>d graceful; and the former chiefly of supersti tions regarding good and bid luck, and tales of witchcraft, . whlclj are more weird than poetical. Bat »b the two'iaops have mingled in the course of thrre centuries, ?o their folk-lore has lost; something of its distinct character istics, though preserving thsm in the main. Thus the Presbyterian will sometimes tall of his adventure with the fairies', * and the Roman Catholic will assure you that the butter has been spirited oat of his churn by » .'witch-wife." < Moat old and middle-agad people of the cottier class in Ulster have strong ideas on the subjects of luck. To enter a home where , churning ia in progress wJthoufc waihing your hands, taking the churn-staff in them,' and u giving the churn a brash," is thought the acme of ignorance; and on leaving the house ib is de rigueur thati you should Bay, " God bleBs your churn, an' gia you th« good of your milk an' butter." If a neigh bour comeB in to borrow a coal or turf, and. neglects this formula, he lays himself open to the worst suspicions, and the people of the bouse will be ture to throw a pinch of salt into the churn as aooa an his back is turned. To receive alms without blessing both giver and gift is considered very wrong. The present writer was in her kitchen lately when a beggar was helped by the servants, and ehe was surprised to see the cook run after the woman and bring her. back. The cook explained the proceeding' thus. "She took we'er meal an' praties, ma'am, an' she didna bid God bless we'er house an' place.. She'll jutt bless the house an' place before I let her go." A certain old pedlar, a kind of Edie .Ochiltree, welcomed alike in cabin and farmhouse for his story-telling powers, was ig'ven a little jugful of sweet milk one day, : with which he was leaving the house -much pleased. Two children ran to the door aa he crossed the room, and startled him so that; he let the jug fall. His joy was turned into lamentation, and he angrily complained thdt the children had " blinked" his milk. He thinks it lucky to meet a horse and cart when he is setting oat upon a journey, and will wait, leaning his paok against a ditch, for an hour nntil one appears in sight. He earns all the tobacco he smokeB by caring elf-shot animals* and his Bkill iB widely believed in. The D6wn and#Antrim peasants on their way to fair or market will tarn baok if they, meet a red-haired woman. The people o< Tyrone and Armagh think it quite as un lucky if the iirst person they enoounter should happen to be a barefooted woman. Others are uneasy if anybody runs aoroea their path, or takea a short cat; and others again are miserable if a neighbour should make any remark about theaoimal they have purchased, without praising »nd wishing .the owner lack of it. Old people say that the proper thing to do on meeting a fine liorsa or cow is to lay yoar hand npon it, saying, " Dear, bat thoa's the party horse or oow! God gie you lack wi' it" In some counties no well-minded persona will make any remark whatever, about any 'neighbour in - his or her presence without adding,11 God bless yon." This custom has reference to belief in a greedy eye. There are people by. whom it ia not good to be admired. The fate' of Bonnie Boeie: Cirlin .is still' told in: Letterkenny with vBighB and shakes ef the head. BoBie was standing at her father's hearth when a poor farmor from a distant parish o*me in to beg a littla teed corn io HOW bis land. He was given whas. he askt'd, ba* he still stood ai the door staring at Boaie and muitericig, "D^or. but\ siio's handsome-dear, but eho'a h ind some 1" but as her parents after wards rumembered, without, saying, God bledB her.' The stquel to his admiration .was mois< disastrous. Bssie had been plump and Btrong, and ro?y lie her nam« ; she begun to pice aw&y; from thas moment, lost flash and oo'our, anil died soon afterwards. We asked the woman who told this story why the poor iarmer's glance had been so fatal. < " He was one that had a greedy eye," was the answer, '' There's them that has a greedy eye; an'-if they look at a nice wean; or a handsome girl, or cow wi' a good show of milk, socne ill will ba sure to follow; an' it'll be no fault of theirs for they canna htlp it. It was the fault of their mothers for .half weaning them an' then giving the breaBt back to them when ihey cried an' fretted an' kept them frae their sleep There's plenty of mothers does that, an' the poor child has a greedy eye ever after. There was a farmer, a very respectable man, a neighbour of my own, an* his wife wouldha let him Eee his childer till they were six weeks old, his eye , was that unlucky, an' him that fond of them he was just doting about them. If the people wad meet him, an* them going to sell a beast, they'd turn back, an' feen a bargain they'd try to strike that day. :They wouldria like to, see him cross ,their fields or look at their crops; but there was very little said about it, the man was that respectable." # A Kilmacrenan woman tells the follow ing story of another of .these unlucky people: ' " There was a man owned a good farm of land an' lived hot an' full. But it was noticed that things went wrong wi' him, an' he couldna look tit a single thing he had without doing it harm,- His wife would ha' made him lie wi' his face to the wall till she riz the childer in the morning an' give them their breakfast, for if he'd ha' looked at'them an'"them fasting, some thing unfortunate would ha' occurred to them. It wa9 the same wi' his cows an' horses, till he nearly stopped going into his fields. The woman was a second cousin of my own, an' Bhe tould me how it was he was cured." " Why, Bell,' I did not think a cure was possible." " There is cures, miss dear, an' tbi3 was how it happened: He hired a boy frae the Sheriff's Mountain-they're very know ledgable in them back countries-an' the 'boy heered the way it was wi' the master. He was ploughing soon after he come, an' he sent for the master'to see what he had done. The man was na willing to come; but the boy sent again an' fleeched him out, an' while he was coming he set np a big stone in the field, for he knowed that the first thing the man's eye lit on wad be the thing the harm wad be done to. Weel, as I was sayin', the master come oat, an' his eye lit on the stoue first, an' is split in two wi' a loud noise. I ha' seen the stone mysel'-split in two paerts- The man was cured, an'his, eye never did any harm after that." I The evil eye is a very much worse thing than the greedy eye,' because it has been gained by a compact with the enemy of mankind. . " There isna as many witches now as there used to be in times gone by," said an old man the other day. He possessed a fine cow, and over the room that served him for a dairy he had nailed a large horseshoe to keep witches and fairies away. . Observing the horae Bhoe, and knowing very well why it was there, we took the opportunity of asking if wi chcraftwas active in the country just then.. " There was witches an* warlocks in plenty when I was a wee boy," said Davie, "but tk«e i&aa; many o' them UQW, Mayba because the scriptures is spread abroad, and tbe people isna just; as ignorant a3 they used to be. It's a!lowed the bad man hasna the same power. "Will I tell you what happened, to iny grand father's own knowledge, at the graveyard wall, near St. Johnston ?" " Please do, Davie," and we composed our features to the gravest attention. " There was an Ellie Connolly that had a bad nam%in the country, an* is was said she could tak' all shapes she pleased when {?he went out marauding an' stealing. Whiles she'd be a cat or a hare, an' Buck the cows in the byres or in the fields.. My grandfather wae acquaint wi' her, an often he'd ha' gone into her house for a light for tbe pipe. "He was passing the graveyard-wall one eveniugi him an' a little dog he had, when a cat leaped down frae the wall an' attack? d his dog. She snarled an' scratched, an' barked, an' yelped; but my grand father seen that his dog was getting the worBt of it, so he aimed a Btone at th* cat, an' Bhe limped off mewing maist pitiful. " It was the next' day he was passing Ellie Connolly's, an' he went in as usual for a crack an' a light for the pipe. 'Where's your mother?" says he to the daughter that was spinning in the kitchen. ' She's in the room there/ says she. * An' why is she in the room ?" says he. ' She's lying,' says she, .it's just sick ehe is.' ' What's her sickness ?' says he. ' I'll not tell you,' sayB she; it's no business o' yourn.' 'Troth, it is my business,' says he, 'for your mother an' me's very big. I be to ax her what way Bhe is. The ' daughter tould him he wouldna get seeing ' her mother, an' she got up an' stood before ' the ioom-door, but my grandfather pushed : her away, an' went up to the bed where Ellie was lying. 'What is it ails you, Ellie ?' says he. ' Sure you see I'm sick, Davie Doherty.' ' Ay, but what ails you ?' says he, for he juped (i.e. suspected) what it was, an'" wi' that .he pulled down the clothes an' seen that her arm was lying broken. 'What done that on you, Ellie ? says he- 'Oh, Davie Doherty, Davie Doherty,* says she, 'weren't you the hardtuea m*^ to hit me wi' a uione an' break my"arm ?' «Why did you «aUaok my ;dog thou, E'.he?' says he. Weel, she was forced to giYo op her bad ways alter that, an' the.neighbours got milking an' ohorning in peace; bat there was nae mair plentiness i& her house; it was like other poor cottier houses in the oodntry." " How did she get tbe power to turn herself into a oat ?" we asked. " Some says," replied the old man, rub bing his head and looking reflective, " that witches touch their heads an' the soles o! their feet on Midsnmmer Night's eve, an' gia themselves up to tbe Evil One for a year an' a day, sajin' some wordB o' a charm." " Do you know tbe wordB ?" " God forbid, ma'am 1 Bat others says they go out on May morning before . sunrise, an' trail a rope, made of hair frae the OOWB tails, over the grass while the dew is on it, singing: 'Come all to me, oome all to me, milk an' butter come to me.' 'Deed my grandfather seen them at it, an* he was a man that woaldna ha' told a lie no more nor the olergy in the pulpit.!' " I'm sure of it, Davie. It was he who .broke Ellie Connolly's arm, wasn't it?" . " Ay, ma'am, it was. As I wsb eayin', he saw two auld wives, neighbours that he kuowed rightly, trailing a rope along the grass, an' he heered them singing: " . Come all to me, come all to me, Mtlk an* butter come to me.' '"Would yous steal weer batter from us?' Bays he, an' wi* that he jamps over the hedge an' snatches at the rope. He palled an' they palled, an' half o' the rope came away in his hands. The scare was that big on him that he didna stop to see what they'd do next, bat home wi' the piece o' rope, an' throwed it down in a corner o' his father's honss. . The'd one cow near calving, an'. it T?as only a wee drop shs was giving, bus that morning there was aquare' milking. My grand father was a wee chiel then, but he minded it to his dying- day. He saw his mother fill pigffia after piggin, an* pail after pail, till all the vessels in the; house was full. She was quarely frightened, an' when he told her about the rope, she throwed it on the fire, for the said bh'e ha' no witches' wark in that house. Variations of the same tale meet us in every' county in Ulster. SometimeB the witch is hunted in the form of a hare for a whole winter. . A largo, black hare bfcfflid the Darry harriers for an entire season noma years ago, and the country people ; said it was no wonder she ezcaptd, for she was no real hare-ahe was old Fanny Callaghan, and the devil helped her. A white hare lived for many yeara on the island of Inch, in Donegal. Sie disappeared in 1858, the year Rase Martin, the " white wife," died. Sometimes the bare i« seen making her way to a cottage, and there the scant is lost. The huntsman of the luilyannan harriers is reported to have seen a .hare escape from the very jaws of the houndB and make for a hole in the wall of a cabin. Unable to believe his eyes, and trembling with, superstitious dread, the man dismounted and went into the house, where he fouadno living creature of any disirlption excepting Dan Marpby, the shoemaker, Is tag on his bed pantlag, unable to speak from loss of breath, and bleeding from a wound in his leg whloh looked like the bite of a dog. A county Antrim woman tells the fol lowing story: " Francis Dillon had three cows on his farm in Cushendall, an1 one o' them, the best o' .the three, failed in her milk, an* not a drop could be gob from her. Says the wee boy that herded the-beasts: .Master,' says he, 'I see a white cat sacking Moiley in the field-' Francis loaded h<s gun wi' siller, an' watched for the cat next evening. Sure enough there she came, an' he fired an' -wounded her, bub Bhe wa3 fit to make off. Francis was a man ? that had a great skill in setting bones, an' he was sent for by the neigh bours as regular a9 the doctor. That night there came an express for him to go to Rose Mullan that had got her leg broke. (Rise was allowed to be a witch-wife frae Cushendall to the Giant's Ciu3eway.) When Francis heercd that her leg was broke, of course he knowed what to think. tStya he, " It was me did' you the injury, an' it's ma you gat to mend it," says he, an' R«a an* her mao hadna a word to say."* <l A poor traveller looking for her bit"-I.e. a beggar-woman-tells the following story. Tae narrator was once a servant in a lodging-house at Bandoran, a fashionable watering-place, filled with bathers in summer; and Biddy Gallagher, her cousin, was housemaid la the hotel next door. When the bathing season was over, Biddy remained alone in the hotel to take charge of the premises. Her wag«s were good, but she disliked the loneliness of her lif", especially at night, when the wind blew off the ocean and rattled every window. She dusted and cleaned, and lit fires In the emp'.y rooms during the day, and before retiring each night ahe awept up the kitchen, made a bright fire, and ieU everything comfortable there One night, before she put out her candle, she heard the hall-door open, and, full of terror, jumped -out of bed and ran to the head of the Btairs to listen. There were many fooisteps in the hall, and many voices were talking. The voices were all saying. " Good-bye, Miss Gallaghe* ! Good bye, Miss Gallagher, and thank you kindly for your fire! We're away to the county Cavan; but you'll find an oat- cake, made of the be3t grain of Tyrone, on your parlour-table. Eat that to your tea, an' good-bye." Terribly frightened, Biddy ran back to her room, and there was her sister Kitty, thati wps lost QUQ Hallowe'en, tying in , bed. Biddy! Biddy!" cried Kitty, efarm ing up, "dinna taste their cake, or they'll have you away wi' them, as thov ;>ook me." She disappeared as she spoke. Biddy utterly refused to remain any longer alone, and her cousin, who tells thei story, came to keep her company. The gentle race, now banished from the. green banks of the Foyle, haunted that fertile valley some sixty years ago. It was in 1820 that; the MElhinney family went to live on a little farm between Porthall and Strabane, in eight of the river. Joe M'Elhuflaey was a mischievous lad of seventeen, and he soon became intimate with lads who were as fond of tormenting as himself. There was a stretch of gravel for a short way along the Foyle, two or three fields below his house, and there the young girl3 of the country used to bathe. When Joe and the other lads found this out, they made a practice of hiding the girls' clothes, till at last two girls were always obliged to remain sentinels while the others bathed. But one summer day the lads found no sentinels. They peeped over the hedge, and saw all the girls in the water. Maggie Lavens, with her floating yellow hair, Jenny M'Bride, Ellen Morrison, towering a head above the rest, und beside her little Annie Kearney, with her sparkling eyes and rosy cheeks. " Ay, there they are, and there's your Kate," Baid Joe to one of his companions. The girls looked up and laughed; then, taking hands, they danced about in the water, and at last did what no mortal girls could do-swam across the Foyla and were seen dancing on the Tyrone shore. Very much alarmed, the lads hurried to the different cottages in the neighbourhood. The glrla were all at their apinning-wheela Maggie, the yellow-haired, little Annie Kearney, Jenny M'Brldo, and Ellen Morri« son. " It put UB from playing a trick on anyone for many a day," said Joe M'Elhlnney, looking acrosa the Foyle with dim wistful g»Z3 at tbe smiling cornfields of fair Tyrone^ We felt wistful, too, and would gladly have repeopled the gentle hills and broid river with the elfin race. " Can you tell any other story about the Foyle, Joe P" " Do you know the Castle of Montgaylin, ma'am ? I'll tell your ladyBhip what my. mother seen there, for it was not in my time. When my mother was a wee girl, ?there was a mermaid lived in the river, an' on summer evenings she'd ha' sat singing on a flat stane neartheedge of the water," ?What was she like, Joe ?" , " I don't mind to have heerrd. I think she was, handsome, bnt her hair was green." : Did she comb her hair ? Rio kilmmt es mit goldenem Kame, Und singt ein Lied dabei. Das bat eine wundersama Gewalt'ge Melodie. i * " Eh, ma'am; what were you sayin' f' I was speaking about a German mer maid, Joe. I never thought* there had been a mermaid in the Foyle." " 'Deed was there. The boatmen goin' up an' down in their lighters between Deny and Strabane wad ha' seen her often. They called her Sheelah, an' there's a deep pool near Montgavlin that they still call' Sheelah's Pool.' "There was a Rhoda Gildea lived at the door wi* my mother, an' a, harsh, ill- natured body she was. She went to draw water one evening, an' just out o' mischief she overturned Sheelah's Btone. She thought the crathur didna see her, but next day, when she came home from an errand to the shop, she found Sheelah in her kitchen, putting her child on the fire. Rhoda let a cry out of her, an* ran to take the child off the fire, an' Sheelah went out at the door an'down to the river, singing: " When 1 think"on my stane, - An' yon think on your wean, We may weel speak and look, ' ; But freens we Jl e'en be nane." - -AU The Year Sound., \ 