ALL SORTS AND CONDI- TIONS OF MEN. A NOVEL. CHAPTER XLI. BOXING NIGHT. BY WALTER BESANT AND JAMES BICE, Authors of:— " Beady-money Mortiboy," " The Golden Butterfly," "By Celia's Arbour," "The Chaplain of the Fleet," &c.;, &c.; " Let us keep Christmas," said Angela, " with something like original treatment. We will not dance, because we do that nearly every night." " Let ns," said Harry, " dress up and act." What were they to'act? That he would find for them. How were they to dress ? That they were to find for themselves. The feature of the Christmas festival was they were to be mummers, and that there was to be inummicking, and, of course, there would be a little feasting, and perhaps a little singing. " We must have just such a programme," said Angela to her master of ceremonies, " as if you were preparing it for the Palace of Delight." " This is the only Palace of Delight." said Harry, " that we shall ever see. For my own part I desire no other." " But, you know, we are going to have another one, much larger than this little place. Have you forgotten all vour projects?" " _ Harry laughed; it was strange how persistently Miss Kennedy returned to the subject again and again; how seriously she talked about it; how she dwelt ujion it. "We must have," she continued, " sports which will 30st nothing, with dresses which we make for ourselves. Of course we must have guests to 'witness them." " Guests cost money," said Harry. " But, of course, in a Palace of Delight money must not be considered. That would be treason to yourprinciples." "We shall not give our guests anything except the cold remSins of the Christmas dinner. And as for champagne, we can make our own with a few lemons and a little sugar. Do not forbid us to invite an audience." Fortunately, a present which arrived from their patron, Miss Messenger, the day before Christmas Day, enabled them to give their guests a substantial supper at no cost whatever. The present took the form of several hampers, addressed to Miss Kennedy, with a note from the donor conveying her love to the girls and best wishes for the next year, when she hoped to make their acquaintance. The hampers contained turkeys, sausages, ducks, geese, hams, tongues, and the like. Meantime Harry, as stage manager and dramatist, had devised the tableaux, and the girls between them devised the dresses from a book of costumes. Christmas Day, as everybody remembers, fell last year on a Sunday. This gave the girls the whole of Saturday afternoon and evening, with Monday morning, for the conversion of the trying- oil room into the stage and the showroom for the audience. But the rehearsals took a fortnight, for some of the girls were stupid and some were shy, though all were •willing to learn, and Harry was patient. Besides, there was the chance of wearing the most beautiful dresses, and no one was left out; in the allegory, a pastoral invented by their manager, there was a part for every one. _ The gift of Miss Messenger made it possible to have two sets of guests—one set consisting of the girls' female relations, and a few private friends of Miss Kennedy's, who lived and suffered in the neighbourhood, for the Christmas dinner, held on Monday ; and the other set was carefully chosen from a long list for the select audience in the evening. Among them were Dick and his friend, the ex-Chartist cobbler, and a few leading spirits of the Advanced Club. They wanted an audience who would read between the lines. The twenty-sixth day of last December was, in the neighbourhood of Stepney, dull and overcast; it promised to be a day of rebuke for all quiet folk, because it was a general holiday, one of these four terrible days when the people flock in droves to favourite haunts if it is in the summer, or hang about public- houses if it is winter; when, in the evening, the a»- is hideous with the snouts of those who roll about the pavements ; a day when even Comus and his l-abble rout are faiu to go home for fear of being hustled and evilly treated by the holiday-makers of famous London town: a day wheu the peaceful and the pious, -the temperate and the timid, stay at home. But to Angela it was a great day, sweet and precious—to use the language of ancient Puritan and modern prig—because it was the first attempt towards the realization of her great dream ; because her gills on this night or the first time showed the fruits of her training- in the way they played their parts, their quiet bearing and their new refiuement. After the performances of this evening she looked forward with confidence to her palace. The day jbegan, then, at half- past 1 with the big dinner. All the girls could bring their mothers, sisters, and female relations generally, . who were informed that Miss Messenger, the mysterious person who interfeied perpetually, like a goddess out of a machine, with some new gift, or some device for their advantage, was the giver of the feast. It was a good and ample Christmas dinner served in the long workroom by Angela and the sirls themselves. There were the turkeys of the hamper, roasted with sausages, and roast beef and roast fowls and roast goose and roast pork, with an immense supply of the vegetables dear to London people; and after this first course there were plum puddings and mince pies. Messenger's ale, with the stout so much recommended by Bunker, flowed freely, and after the dinner there was handed to each guest a glass of port. None but \\\ omen and children—no boy over eight being allowed—were present at the feast, and when it was over most of the women sot up and wont av.av, not without some little talk with Angela and some present in kind from the benevolent Miss Messenger. Then they cleared all away and set out the tables again, with the same provisions, for ti:e sup-ier of tbe evening, at which there would be hungry men. All the afternoon they spent in completing their arrangements. The gueats begau to arrive at five. The music .vas supplied by Angela hei seif, who did r.ot act, with Captain Sorensen and Harry. The piauj was brought downstairs aud stood in the hall outside the trj icg-on-room. The performance was to commc-nce at six, but everybody bad come long before half past five. At a quarter to six the little orchestra began to play the old English tunes dear to pantomimes. At the rinsing of a bell, the music changed to a low monotonous plaint and the curtain slowly rose on a tableau. There was a large, bare, empty room ; its sole furniture was a table and three chairs ; in ore corner was a pile of shavings ; upon them sat crouching with her knees drawn up the {>a'e aud worn figure of a girl; beside her were the crutches which showed that she was a cripple ; her white cheek was wasted and hollow; her chin was thrust forward as if she was in suffering almost intolerable. During the tableau she moved not, save to swing slowly backwards and forwards upon the shavings which formed her bed. On the table, for it was night, was a candle in a gingerbeer bottle, and two girls sat at the tabic working hard ; their needles were running a race with starvation their clothes were in rags. their hair was gathered up in careless knots; their cheeks were pale ; they were pinched and cold and feeble with hunger and privation. Said one of the women present, "Twopence an hour, they can make. Poor things ! poor things!" " Dick,' said the cobbler, " you make a note of it, I guess what's coming." The spectators shivered with sympathy. They knew so well what it meant; some of them had themselves dwelt amid these garrets of misery and suffering. Tli en voices were heard outside in the street singing. 1 hey were the w ait?, and they sang the joyful hymns of Christmas. When the working girls heard the singing they paid no heed whatever, plying the needle fast aud furiously; and the girl in the shavings oaid no heed, slowly swinging to and fro in her )ain and hunger. At the sight of this cal- I9us contempt, this disregard of the invitation to rejoice, as if there were neither hope nor joy for such as themselves, with only a mad desire to work for themselves to stay the dreadful pains of hunger, some of the women among the spectators wept aloud. Then the waits went away, and there was silence again. Then one of the girls—it was Nelly— stopped, and leaned back in bar chair with her hand to her heart; the work fell from her lap upon the floor; she sprang to her feet, threw up her hands, and fell in a lifeless heap i'pon the floor. The other girl went on with her sewing; and the cripple went on swinging backwards and forwards. For they were all three so miserable, that the misery of one could no more touch the other two. The curtain dropped. The tableau represented, of course, the girls who work for an employer. After five minutes it rose again. There were the same girls and others; they were talking and laughing. The clock struck six, and they laid aside their work, pushed back the table, and advanced to the front, singing all together. Their faccs were bright and happy ; they were well dressed ; they looked well fed ; there was no trouble among thein at all; they chattered like singing birds; they ran and flayed. Then Captain Sorensen came in with his fiddle, and first he played a merry tune, at the sound of which the girls caught each other by the waist, and fell to dancing the old Greek ring. Then he played a quadrille, and they danced that simple figure, and as if they liked it ; aud then ne played a waltz, and they whirled round and round. ^ This was the labour of girls for themselves. Everybody understood jjerfectly what was meant without the waste of words. Some of the mothers present wiped their eyes and told their neighbours that this was no playacting, but the sweet and blessed truth; and that the joy was real, because the girls were working for themselves, and there were no naggings, no fines, no temper, no bullying, no long hours. After this there was a concert, which seemed a falling off in point of excitement. But it was pretty. _ Captain Sorensen played some rattling sea ditties; then Miss Kennedy and Mr. Goslett played a duet; then the girls sang a madrigal in two parts, so that it was wonderful to hear them, thinking how ignorant tliey were six months before. Thon Miss Kennedy played a'soio, and then the girls sang another song. By what magic, by what mystery, were girls so transformed ? Then the audience talked together, and whispered that it was all the doing of that one girl—Miss Kennedy—who was believed by everybody to be a lady born and bred, but pretended to be a dressmaker. She it was who got the giils together, gave them the house, found work for them, arranged the time and the duties, and paid them week by week for shorter hours better wages. It was she who persuaded them to spend their evenings with her instead of trapesing about the streets getting into mischief ; it was she who taught them the singing and all manner of pretty things ; and they were not spoiled by it, except that they would have nothing more to say to the rough lads and shopboys who had formerly paid them rude court, and jested with them on Stepney Green. Uppish they certainly were; what mother would find fault with a girl for holding up her head, and respecting herself. And as for manners, why no one could tell the difference. The Chartist looked on with a little suspicion at first, which gradually changed to the liveliest satisfaction. "Dick," he whispered to his friend and disciple, " I am sure that if the working men like, they may find the swells their real friends. See, now we've got all the power; they can't take it from us. Very good, then, who are the men we should suspect ? Why, those who've got topay the wages—the manufacturers and such ; not the swells. Make a note of that, Dick. It may be the best card you've got to play. A thousand places such as this—planted all about Englandstarted at first by a swell—why, man, the working classes would have not only all the power, but all the money. Oh ! if I were ten years younger ! What are they going to do next The next thing tliey did pleased thowomen, but the men did not seem to care about it, and the Chartist went on developing the new idea to Dick, who drank it all in, seeing that here, indeed, was a practical and attractive idea, even though it meant a new departure. But the preacher of a new doctrine has generally a better chance than one who only hammers awuy at an old one. The stage_ showed one figure. A beautiful girl, her hair bound in a fillet, clad in Greek dress, simple, flowing, graceful, stood upon a low pedestal. She was intended—it was none other than Nelly—to represent woman dressed as she should be. One after the other there advanced upon the stage and stood beside this statue, women dressed as women ought not to; there they were, the hideous fashions of generations ; the pinched waists, monstrous hats, high peaks, hoops, and crinolines, hair piled up, hair stuffed out, gieot sleeves, high waists, tight skirts, bending walk, boots witth high heels—an endless array. When Neily got down from her pedestal and the show was over, Harry advanced to the front and made a little speech. He reminded his hearers that the Association was only six months old ; he begged them to consider what was its position now. To be sure the girls had been started, and that, he said, was the great difficulty; but, the start once made and prejudice removed, they found themselves with work to do, and were now paying their own way and doing well,; before long they would lie able .to take in more hands; it.was not all work: with them, bu# there was plenty of. play, as they. knew.' Meant&he; the girls" invited everybody to have supper with them, and after supper there would be a little dance. They stayed to supper, and they appreciated the gift of Miss Messenger ; .then they had the little dance — Dick Coppin now taking his part without shame. While the dancing went on the Chartist sat in a corner of the room and talked with Angela. When he went away his lieartr— whidi was large and generous—burned within him, and he had visions of a time when the voices of the poor shall not be raised against the rich, nor the minds of the rich hardened against the poor. Perhaps he came unconsciously nearer to Christianity, this man who was a scoffer aud an unbeliever, that night than he had ever before. To have faith in the future forms, indeed, a larger part of the Christian religion than seme of us ever realize. And to believe in a single woman is one step, however small, towards believing in the Divine Man. CHAPTER XLH. KOT JOSEPHUS, BUT ANOTHER. The attractions of a yard peopled with ghosts, discontented figure-heads, and an old man are great at first, but not likely to be lasting if one does not personally see or converse with the ghosts and if the old man becomes monotonous. We expect too much of old men. Considering their years we think their recollections must be wonderful. One says, "Good heavens! Methuselah must recollect William the Conqueror and King John, and Sir John Falstaff, to say nothing of the Battle of Waterloo !" As a matter of fact, Methuselah generally remembers nothing except that where Cheapside now .stands was once a "teen fiol.!. As for Shaltj-"])ca:e, and Coleridge,-.auil Charies Lamb, he i .knows -nothing- whatever alwut them. Yo i ! -see if he had taken eo much interest iu life a* to care about thincs going on, he wou! i vecy soon, like his contemporaries, have wjrj o il the machine, and would be lying, lik j phem, m the grassy enclosure. Hasry continued to go to the carver's yard for some time, but nothing more w.w to be learnt from him. He knew the family histc»y, however, by this time, pretty" we.l The Coppins of Stepney, like all middle olasi families, had experienced many ups. a:id downs. They had been churchwardens; they had been bankrupts : they had pr^.tised many trades; and oncc there wasaCo-ppin who died leaving bouses—twelve housesthree apiece to liis children—a meritorious Coppin. Where were those houses now? Absorbed by the omnivorous Uncle Bunker. And how Uncle Bunker got those belonging to Caroline Coppin could not now be ascertained; except from Uueie Bunker himself. Everywhere there were scrapers and sc\tterers ; the scrapers- are few, and the scatterers are many. By what scatterer or what rocess of scattering did Caroline lose her E ouses? Meantime Hai-ry did not feel himself obliged to bold his tongue ujk® the subject; and everybody knew, before long, that something was going oh likely to be prejudicial to Mr. Bunker. People whispered tliat Bunker was going to be caught out; this rumour leut to the unwilling agent some of the interest which attaches to a criminal. Some went so far as to say that they had always suspected him because he was so- ostentatious iu his honesty; and this is a safe thing to say, because any person may be reasonably suspected ; and if we did not suspect all the world, why the machinery of bolts and bars, keys and patent safes? But it is. the wise man who suspects the right person,, and.it is the justly p^oud man who strikes an attitude and says—" What did I tell you ?" As yet, however, the suspicions were vague. Bunker, for his part, though not generally a thinskinned man, easily perceived that there was a change in the way he was received and regarded ; people looked at him with marked interest in the streets; tliey turned their heads and looked after him; they talked about him as he approached ; they smiled with meaning ; Josephus Coppin met him one day, and asked • him why ^lie would not tell his; nephew how he obtained those three houses, and what consideration he gave for them. He began, especially of an evening, over brandy and water, to make up mentally, over and over again, 'his own case, so that it might be presented at the right moment absolutely perfect and without a flaw; a paragon among cases. His nephew, whom, he now regarded with a loathing almost lethal, was impudent enough to go about saying that he had got those houses unlawfully, was he ? Very sood ; he would have such law as is to be had hi England, for the humiliation, punishment, stamping out, aud ruining, of that nephew; ay, if it cost him five hundred ounds, he would. He should like to make S is case public; he was not afraid; not a bit; let all the world know; the more the story was known the more would his contemporaries admire his beautiful and exemplary virtue, patience, and moderation. There were, he said, with the smile: of benevolence and the blush of modesty which so well become the good man, transactions, money transactions, between himself and his sister-in-law, especially after her marriage with a man who was a secret scatterer. These money matters had been partly squared by the transfer of the houses, which he took in part payment; the rest he forgave when Caroline died, and when—which showed his own goodness in an electric light —he took over the boy to bring him up. to some honest trade, though he was a beggar. Where were the proofs of these transactions? Unfortunately tney were all destroyed by fire some years since, after having been carefully preserved, and docketed, and endorsed, as is the duty of every careful man of business. Now, by dint of repeating this precious story over and over again, the worthy man came to believe it entirely, and to l>elieve that other people would believe it as welL It seemed, in fact, so like the truth, that it would deceive even experts, and pass for that priceless article. "At the time when Caroline died, and the boy went to stay with him, no one asked any questions, because it seemed nobody's business to enquire into the interest of the child. After the boy was taken away it gradually became known among the surviving members of the family that the houses had long before, owing to the profligate extravagance of the Sergeant— as careful a man as ever marched—passed into the hands of Bunker, who now had all the Coppin houses. Everytliing was clean forgotten by this time. And the boy mu3t needs tuni up again, asking questions. A young villain ! A serpent! But he should ue paid out. A very singular accident prevented the " paying out" quite in the sense intended by Mr. Bunker. It happened in this way. (.'ne day when Miss Messenger's cabinetmaker and joiner-in-ordinary, having little or nothing to_ do, was wandering about the Brewery looking about him, lazily watching the process of beer-makLag on a large extensive scale, and exchanging the complimeats of the season, which was near Christinas, with the workmen, it happened that he passed the room in which Josephus had sat for forty years among the juniors. The door stood open and he looked in, as he had often done before, to nod a friendly salutation to his cousin. There Josephus sat, with grey hair, an elderly man among boys, mechanically ticking off entries among the lads. His place was in the warm corner near the fire ; beside him stood a large and massive safe; the same safe, out of which during an absence of three minutes, the country notes had been so mysteriously stolen. The story, of course, was well known. Josephus's version of the thing was also well known ; everybody, further, knew that until the mystery of that robbery was cleared up, Josephus would remain a junior on thirty shillings a week; lastly, everybody, with the kindliness of heart common to our glorious humanity, firmly believed that Josephus had really cribbed those notes, but had been afraid to present them and so dropped them into the fire or down a drain. It is truly remarkable to observe how deeply we respect, adore, and venerate virtue, inasmuch that we all go about pretending to be virtuous; yet how little we believe in the virtue of each other! Itis also remarkable to ieflectupon the extensive fields still open to the moralist after all these years of preaching and exhorting. Now as Han-y looked into the room his eye fell upon the safe, and a curious thing occurred. The fragment of a certain letter from Bob Coppin, in which he sent a message by his friend to his cousin, Squaretoes Josephus, quite suddenly and unexpectedly returning to his memory. Further, the words assumed a meaning. *" Josephus," he said, stepping into the 4 office. 1 Lend me a piece of paper and a pencil. Thank you." He wrote down the words, exactly as he recollected them, hali destroyed by the tearing of the letter. . . . . " Josephus, my cousin that he will . , . . na the safe the bundle . . . . for a lark. Josephus is a Squaretoes. I hate a man who won't drink. He will . . . . if he looks there." When he had written these words down he read them over again, while the lads looked on with curiosity and some resentment. Cabinetmakers and joiners have do business to swagger about the office of young gentlemen who are clerks in breweries, as if it were their own place. It is an innovation; a levelling o£ rank. " Josephus," Harry whispered; " you remember your cousin, Bob Coppin?" ''Yes,'but these are office hours ; conversation is not allowed in the iuhiors' room." He spoke as if he was still a boy, as indeed he Tag, having been confined to the society of btft, and having drawn the pay of a boy foi^jnnan y years. fftfever mind rules. Tell me all about Bote" "He was a drinker and a spendthrift. That's enouji about him." Josephus spoke in a ^whisper, being anxious not to discuss the family disgrace among his fellow clerks. " Good. Were you a friend as well as a cousin of his ?" " No ; I never was. I was respectable—in those days—and desiroas of getting my character jiigh for steadiness. I went to evening lectures, and taught in the Wesleyan Sunday-schools. Of course when the notes were stolen it was no use trying any more for character ; that was gone. A young man suspected of stealing fourteen thousand pounds can't get any character at all. So I gave up attending the evening, gave up the lectures, and left off teaching in the school, and going to church, and everything." " You were a great fool, Josephus. You ought to have gone on, and fought it out. Now, then, on the day that you lost the money, had you seen Bob ? Do you remember?" "That day?" the unlucky junior replied. " I remember every hour as plain as if it was to-day. Yes, I saw Bob. He came to the office half an hour before I lost the notes ; he wanted me to go out with him in the evening —I forget where—some gardens and dancing and prodigalities. I refused to go. In the evening I saw him again, and he did nothing but laugh while I was in misery. It seemed cruel, and the more I suffered the louder he laughed." " Did you never see Bob again?" " No; he went away to sea and he came home and went away again. But somehow I never saw him. It is twenty years now since he went away last and was never heard of nor his ship. So, of course, he's dead long ago. But what does it matter al/out Bob? And th cse arc office hours, and there will rt.-iily lje things said if we go on talking. Do go awuy." Iiariy obeyed and left him. Bit he Went straight to the oiheeof the Chief Accountaeut, a td icq nested an interview. The Chief Accountant sent word that he could communicate his business through one of the clerks. Harry replied that his business was of a nature which could not be communicated by a clerk, that it was very senous and important business, which must be imparted to the chief alone, and that he would wait his convenience in the outer office. Presently he was ualitred into the presence of the great man. "This i& very extraordinary," said the official What can your bnsiness be which is so important that it must net be entrusted to the clerks? Now, come to the point, young man. Mv time is valuable." want you t© authorize me to make a little examination iu the junior clerks'room." " What examination? And why?" Harry gave him the fragment of the letter, asd explained where- he found it- " I understand nothing. What do you learn from this fragment?" "There is no date," said Harry, "but that matters very little. You will observe that it clearly refers to my cousin, Josephus CoppiiR" " That seems- evident. Josephus is not a common name." " You know my cousin's version, of the loss of those notess" ; " Certainly—he said, they must have been stolen during the two or three minutes that he was out of the room." "Yes. Now—" Harrywrotea-fewwords to fill up the broken sentences of' the- letter— " read that, Sir." " Good heavens !" " My cousin tells me, too," he; went on, " that this fellow,. Bob Coppin,. was iu the office half an hour before tne notes, were missed ;. why, very likely he was at the tiixe hanging about the place; and- thai- in the evening when his cousin was in an.agony of distress, Bob w as laughing as if. the whole thing was a joke." " Upon my word," said the- Chief,, "it seems plausible." " We can try the thing at once," said Harry. " But 1 should like you to be present when we do." " Undoubtedly I will be present. Come, let us go at once. By the way-, you are the young man recommended by Miss Messenger, are you not?" " Yes;. not that I have the honour of knowing Miss Messenger personally." The Chief Accountant laughed. Cabinetmakers do not generally know young ladies of position. Ana this was such a-remarkably cheeky young workman. They took with them four stout fellows from those who toss about the casks-of beer. The safe was one of the larger kind, standing 2 It. G in. high on a strong wooden box with an open front. It was in the corner next to Josephus's seat; between, the back of the safe and the wall was a space of-an inch or so. " I must trouble you to change your.seat," said the Chief Accountant.to Josephus. " We are about to move this safe." Josephus rose, and.the men: presently with mighty efforts lugged the great heavy thing a foot or two from its place. " Will you look, Sir?" asked Harry. "If tier.- is anything there I should like you, who know the whole story, to find itt" The Chief stooped over the safe andiooked behind it. Everybody now was. aware-that something was going, to happen,, and though pens continued to be dipped into inkstands with zeal, and heads to De bent over- desks with the devotion which always seizes a junior clerk in presence of his chief, all.eyes were furtively turned to Josephus's.corner. "There is a bundle of Takers," he said. " Thank you." Harry picked them up and placed them in his hands. 'I he only person who paid no heed-to the proceeding wascthe one most concerned. The Chief Accountant received them.;.a rolled bundle, not a tied-up parcel, and covered an inch deep with black dust. He opened it and glanced at the contents. Then a strange and unaccountable look came into his eyes as he handed them to Josephus. " Will you oblige me, Mr. Coppin," he said, " by examining these papers?" It was the first time that the title o£ Mr. had been bestowed upon Josephus during all the years of his long servitude. He was troubled b.y it, and he could not understand the expression in his- Chiefs eyes; and when he turned to Harry for an explanation he met eyes in which the same sympathy aud pity were expressed. Wheu he- turned to the bays, his fellow clerks, he was struck by their faces of wondering expectation. What was going to happen ? Recovering his presence of mind, he held out the dusty papers, and shook the dust off them. Then he began slowly to obey orders, and to examine them. Suddenly he began to turn them over with fieree eagerness. His eyes flashed; he gasped— " Come, Josephus," said his cousin, taking his arm. " Gently, gently. What are they —these papers ?" The man laughed—a hysterical laugh. "They are—ha! lia!—they are—ha! ha! ha !" He did not finish because bis voice failed him, but he dropped into a chair, with his head in his hands. " They are country Bank notes aud other papers," said Harry, taking them- from his cousin's hands. He had interpreted the-missing words rightly. The Chief looked round the room. " Young men," he said solemnly, " a wonderful thing has happened. After many years, of undeserved suspicion and unmerited punishment, Mr. Coppin's character is cleared at last. We cannot restore to him the yeara he has lost, but we can rejoice that his innocence is established." " Come, Josephus,' said Harry, " bear your good fortune as you have borne the bad. Rouse yourself." The senior junior clerk lifted his head and looked around. His cheeks were white ;. his eyes were filled with teirs; his lips were trembling. " Take your cousin home," said the Chief to Han-y, " atd then come back to my office." Harry led Josephus, unresisting, home to the boarding-house. " We have had a shock, Mrs. Bormalack. Nothing to be alarmed about, quite the contrary. The Bank notes have been found after all these years, and my cousin has earned his promotion and recovered his character. Give him some brandy-and-water and make him lie down for a bit." For the man was dazed. He could not understand as yet what had happened. Harry placed him in the arm-chair and left him to the care of the landlady. Then he went back to the brewery. The Chief Brewer was with the Chief Accountant, and they were talking over wha«t was best to be done. They said very kind things about intelligence, without which good fortune and lucky finds are wasted; and they promised to represent Harry's conduct in a projier light to Miss Messenger, who would be immediately communicated with. And Josephus would at once receive a very substantial addition to his pay, a better position, and more responsible work. " May I suggest, gentlemen," said Harry, " that a man who is fifty-five and has all his life been doing the simple work of a junior, may not be found equal to more responsible work?" " That may be the case." " My cousin, when the_ misfortune happened, left off taking any interest in things. I believe he lias never opened a book or learned anything in all these years." " Well, we shall see." A workman was not to be taken into counsel. " There is, however, something here which seems to concern yourself. Your mother was one Caroline Coppin, was she not 7" " Yes." "Then these papers, which were deposited by some persons unknown with Mr. Messenar, most likely for greater care, aud ilacaPl in the safe by him, belong to you, and i! hope will prove of value to you." Harry took them without much interest, and came away. In the evening Josephus held a reception. All his contemporaries in the Brewery, the men who entered with himself; all those who lad passed over his head, all those with whom he had been a junior in the Brewery, called to congratulate him. At the moment he felt as if this universal sympathy fully made up for all his sufferings of the past. Nor was it until the morning that he partly uerceived the truth, that no amount of sympathy would restore his vanished youth and give him what he had lost. But he will never quite understand this, and he looked upon himself as having begun again from the point where he stopped. When the reception was over and the last man gone, he began to talk about his future. "I shall go on again with the evening course," lie said, "just where I left it off. I remember we were having Monday for bookkeeping by single and double entry, Tuesday for French, Thursday for arithmetic—we were in mixed fractions—and Friday for Euclid. Then I shall take up my clas3 at the Sunday-school again, and I shall become a full Church member of the Wesleyan connection. For though my father was o ios churchwarden at Stepney Church, I al ways favoured the Wesleyans myself." He talked as if he was a ooy again, with all his life before him; and, indeed, at the moment he thought he was. "Yes, Sir," said Brown, "if there is one tbii* more than another that I am proud of it is Ihi.i, that I always keep my word." " Very true," replied Fogg; " but how can you help it, you know ? Did you ever know anybody who would take it?" 