UNDER THE SNOW. ?by Robert Collyed. I It waa OhriBtmaB eve' in the year fourteen. And as anoient dalesmen' used' to tell. The wildcat winter they ever had seen. With the snow lying deep on moor and fell. When Wagoner John got ont his team Smiler and Whitefoot, Dake and Gray. With the light in his eyes of a young man's dream. As he though of hiB wedding oh New Year's Day. To Bath, the maid with the bonuie brown nair. Aud eyes of the deepest, sunniest bluo, Modest and winsome and wondroas fair. And trae to her troth, for her heart waB true. 'Thon's surely not going,' ahouted mine' host. ' Thou'll be loBt in the drift aa aure-aB' thon's born. Thy lass winnot want to wed wi' a ghost. And that's what ' thon'U be on OhriBtmaB morn; ' It's eleven long mile fra Skipton toon, To Blueborg hooses and Washburn dale, Thoa had better turh bUok and Bit thee'doon, Aud comfort tby heart wi1 a drop o'- good1 ale.' Turn the swallows flying South, Turn the vinea against the sun, Herda from rivers in the drought, Men must data or noshinu'ri done. So what oarea the lover for storm or drift, Or peril of death on the haggard way, He sings to himself like a lark in the lift, And the joy in hiB heart turns December to Miy. Bat the wind from the north brings a deadly chill, Creeping into hia heart, and the drifts are deep, Where the thiok of tho storm Btrikes Blue berg hill, He is weary and falls in a pleasant Bleep. And dreama he is walking by Washburn aide, Walking with Bath on a summer's day, Singing that Bong to hia bonnie bride, His own wife now for ever and aye. Now read mo this riddle, how Buth should hear That Bong of a heart, in the elntoh of uuum It stole on her ear, distant and olear, Ab if her lover was in the room. And read me this riddle, how Buth should know, ' As she bounds to throw open the heavy door. That her lover iB lost in the drifting snow, Dying or dead on the great wild moor. ' Help 1 help 1 1' ' LoBt I lOBt'l 1' Kings through the night as she- rashes away, Stumbling, blinded and fempest toaaed, , Straight to the drift where her lover lay. And nwilt they leap after her into the night, Into the drifts by Blueberghill, Fallen, Ward, Robinaon, eaoh with his light To find her there, holding him, white ' and still. ' He was dead in the drift then,' I hear them flav: Ab I listen in wonder, Forgetting to play, ' Fifty years Byne'eome Christmas Day; 'Nay. nay, they were wed,' the dalesman . oried, By Paraon Oarmalt o' New Year's Day, 'Bonnie Bath were me greatgreatgrand . Blre'a bride, And Maister Frankland gave her away.' ' Bat how did she find him under the snow ?' They oried with a laughter, touohed with tearB.' .... 'Nay, lads,' he said softly, 'we never oan know, No, not if we live a hundred years.' There's a sight o' things gan To the making o' man. . Then I rushed to my play With a whoop and away, Fifty yoars Byne oome Christmas Day. A Matoh Caused nv a Shoe. — A fashion able shoemaker telle a pretty little story that reeda well evon though it may be a cun ningly devised lie. His woik is exolnswely in ladies' foot-wear, and to an inquiBitivo reporter he Baid ' Last year I made a pair of ehoes for a lady who had as pretty feet as were over fashioned. It waa a pleasure foe me to make tho shoes, and whon they were finished I put them in the show-window in a very oonspioaoua plaoe, where I oould view them at .my leisure. Pretty soon a nicely dresBed gentleman stopped and began view ing them very attentively. Presently be entered the store and inquired if thoy were for sale. I told him nd, that they were made for ono of my ouBtomeia. He looked surprised, and aBked the lady's name. I would not give him this much satisfaction, but told him where she lived, however. I was oonBiderably surprised to learn after ward that he waa oalhng at the house, and more Burpriaed still, when tbe lady, accom panied by the gentleman, oalled at tbe store three montha latet. She oalled him 1 dear V then, so I guess they were married.'— Detroit Free tms, i 