Turf TalK. By Nemo. Owners and trainers will have a busy time of it oil Monday and Tuesday, for on the first day ot the week tho general entry for the Hawkesbury Spring Meeting will close. The card contains the Hurdle Race of 100 sove., with a sweep of 3 sovb. from starters; Public Auction ' Stakes of 75 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. from starters ; the Hawkesbury Guineas (closed) ; County Purse, a han dicap sweep of 3 eovs. for starters, with 80 sovs. added, 1£ mile ; Maiden Plate of o sovs. each for starters, with 100 sovs. added, 1$ mile ; Mares' Produce Stakes (closed) ; Grand Handicap (closed) ; Two-year-old Stakes of 50 bovb., with a sweep of 1 sov. each from starters, 3 furlongs ; Members' Handicap, a sweep of 3 sovs. from starters, with 70 sovs. added, J mile ; Prince of Wales Stakes, a sweep of 2 bovb., with 75 sovs. added, f mile ; and Turf Club Handicap, a sweep of 5 sovs. from starters, with 100 sovs. added, 1£ mile. All entries must be in the hands of the secretary, Mr. C. A. Guest. Rt of before 4 p.m. oh Tuesday next, the 1st of Auguet. 'Tie following §BS2S sen* wStb ^ SCtaination Hurdle Race, 66V. J Public Auction*. States, 1J bov.; County Purse, 1 sov.; Maiden Plate, 1 sov. ; Two-year-old Stakes, 1 sov. ; Members' Handicap, . 1 sov.; Prince of Wales Stakes, 1£ sov.; Turf Club Handicap, 1| sov. The racing season will be fairly opened on 'the 10th of August at Randwick, by the Sydney Turf Club, when a first- class programme will be discussed. The terms of the various items will be found in another column, and one bov. will nominate for each event. The reunion will just meet our appetite for Hie more important events that are lnnminp in the future, and entries for the different events, which are fully set forth in our advertising , columns, are to cloBe with Mr. T. S. Clibborn, the Bftcretary, at or before 4 p.m. on Wednesday next, the 2nd of next month. The gates and other racecourse properties are to sold by auction at Kiss's Bazaar, on Monday the 7th. The racecourse properties appertaining to the Tattersali's August Meeting, which is to be played out on Saturday, the 12th, will be disposed of at the same time, and, as the bill of fare is an excellent one, lb. James Perry; the secre tary, is likely to have his hands full on Wednesday, the 2nd, on which day the entries an to dose. The litter f all's Foal Stakes of 1884 will close on the same day and at the same hoar. A cold southerly wind swept ova* the course on Tuesday morning, and overcoats were in great demand. Lord Loftus and Lord Lisg&r;, both looking well, were sent two miles and a-half, the last half of the journey at a good pace. Jessie and Courteuay cantered once roand, and men put in a capital mile and a-quarter ; the Derby filly, who has done a deid^f I work np to date, having it all her own way at theeod. Segenhoe and Dunedin cantered quietly twice wand; an$ \- Atll? Hecla.cantered alone. Kerolite cantered once round, and, picking .up Belvidere, the pair did *n'rt'»r tum at a pace .mat. told on the colt after entering tha straight Stella and another were treated to useful work; and Stella has filled and thickened a good deal. Miss . WJrifller, The Cockney, and Petruchio did a very useful gallop,cnding in favour of The Cockney ; but Pe trucliio is a good one, and will be heard of in the future. After cantering once, The Drummer andVancluse were rattled along for another tarn, and the pair moved freely and well, and are in capital buckle for the time. Sardonyx went by himself, and performed at a quieter pace. Gos twyck- cantered, and so did Morpeth, who is more forward than most, and will be one of the hardest to beat in the Hawkesbury Guineas. Lord Orville in clothing cantered once round, and then, picking up Maid of Australia, ran lingg ; round her for another turn. The Tattersall's Cup winner goes with greet freedom, and promises to be a dangerous customer in the Metropolitan. Barber was sent twice round at a hand gallop, and _ he has (he appearance of having done a consider* able amount of work before coming to the metro polis. Vestal and Vanquish were sent a mile and a-half, and the latter, lasting the longest, had a trifle the best of a really good gallop. Brunette and Fandango cantered a mile, and then spun along over theDerby-distanoe ; but they were eased off after entering the straight, so that veiy little line was obtained. Thev are in really good form for the time, and it is to be hoped will do something towards consoling Lamond for the loss of the services of Wheatear and Sir Oliver before the curtain falls on the A. J. C. Meeting. 1 Twelve Years (late Burwood) went well with the Yattendon and Preserve colt and the Wilberforce colt ; and a great army of youngsters did useful work. A stranger called Waterloo, Rupert, and Rosinante cantered. Strath earn, as fresh as a bee, was on the tan, where Lord Burghley and the others of Mr. Ivory's useful string also worked. Segenhoe is now in better favour for the Derby, and 5 to 2 is the best offer to money. Sting has been heavily backed for the Hawkesbury and Metropolitan double ; ana Piracv, coming into the market on Saturday with some force, 'left off first favourite for the Hawkesbury Handicap at 100 to 10. Sting and Kingsworth are at 100 to 7 each ; and 100 to 5 can be procured about anything else. Rumour bath it that Masquerade is doing well, and will be a bad 'un' to bait at the Hawksbury. Thursday morning was cold and uncomfortable, and very little work of importance was done. The tiBual army of youngsters did their customary work, and a good many horses belonging to the various strings worked on the tan. Mr. Wentworth's horses were out a little earlier than is generally the case; and the Drummer, Sardonyx, and Van quish went twice round in good form on the inside track. Shadow and Crowned Head did long, steady work on the course, where Lord _ Loftus and Lord* Lisgar, after cantering, put in a very serviceable once round. Segenhoe, Gostwyck, and Dunedin cantered ; and the former is quite a puzzle to the early risers. Up to date he has not been Been to do anything like Derby work ; but ho has the appearance of having done a fair share of work, and it is said that he was sent a very strong gallop on the quiet on Wednesday. Be that as it may, the attempt that was made on Tuesday to knock him out merely resulted in a few 'club wagers' at 5 to 1 ; and last evening the son of Maribyraong and The Fawn was nearly as firm as ever at 5 to 2, the best offer to money. Jessie and Rosinante cantered and then put in a rattling once round, the Derby filly rattling over the grey when high pressure was put on. She is rather too forward, and, unless she b6 eased a little, it is quite possible that she will be as stale as a 'bus horse when the flag is lowered for the Blue Ribbon. Stella, The Cockney, and a couple of others were treated to medium work; and Bellbird and another performed a moderate couple of tarns. After cantering onoe round, Kerolite did another turn at a strong pace all the way, but she is rather on the lieht side, and a little 'favour' would be beneficial. Bel vedere went twice round alone ; and Barker, Euchre, and Crewel did a nice taking gallop on the inside track, the two former making particularly well. Hecla cantered, and then spun along for a mile, which she cast behind in very good tune, and the way she finished showed that she can stav bettor than the elder members of her family. Morpeth cantered, and a lot of others did unimportant work. The death of Mr. J. S. Smith, part owner of Grand Flaneur and at one time the squireof Mature, South Creek, which took place in England on the 6tb of thiB month, has caused universal regret in sporting circles. Gudarz still holds the pride of place in the Melbourne Cup letting, but there has not been any wagering of a sensational character during the week. Sir Oliver is rapidly recovering from the effects of his recent accident ; but Wheatear's injuries are of such a serious nature that it is feared that we shall never again see the son of Epigram and Wheatsheaf carrying silk. Pride of the Hills (who won the Champion Stakes), the handsome son of Talk o' the Hill from Black Gipsy, was not so fayoured aB to die a natural death, for the complaint from which he suffered caused so much pain that his owner humanely caused a bullet to hasten the matter. Up to date, nearly 80 bookmakers have paid the license fee which entitles them to ply their vocation at Fleming - tOD. Mr. William Gaydon, the well-known saddler, has been commissioned to make two saddles for an Australian in England, who prefers the colonial to the ' home-made ' pigskin. The general entry for the South Australian Jockey Club Spring Meeting is to close on the 3rd of August. Mr. J. Gough has meted a nice lot of roomy horse boxes at the rear of the Golden Fleece Hotel. Bourke - street, Surry Hills. The Auckland Stud Company have declared a splendid dividend. Mr. J. Dunn, of Gracemere, Rockhampton, has become the owner of Orphan, of whom such great things used to be expected. Though he has not 'succeeded in putting many wins to his account, he has often performed well ; and as he is by King of Clubs from Miss Constance, by Athos (imp.) from Lady Constance, by High Sheriff (imp.) from Wilheunina by imported Romeo, he should be more * than a useful sire if properly mated. Tom Lackey, the well-known cross-country rider, has Ginger at the stud in the M'Leay district. Ginger waB bred by Mr. Andrew Lodfr, and during hie career ran more than one good race on the metropolitan course. He has some real blue blood in his veins, and the horses of the district cannot fail to be improved by his presence. Mr. George Adams, the genial host of TattersalTs, won a good stake on the Waterloo Cup. The thoroughbreds belonging to the Grassdale Stud Com pany are to be disposed of by the art union principle, in 7000 shares ata guinea each. The revised rules of the A.J. C. wiU soon be published. Sting has been stancbly supported for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, and in doubles for the Hawkesbury and ^Metropolitan, during the week. The Americans landed a neat stake by the victory of Wallenstein in the Manchester Cup. Trainers complain that the view of the horses when at *work at Flemington will bo interrupted by the planting of -so manytrees. The Wyndham Races commence to-dav. Liberator's victory at Flemington is likely to bring him Into favour for the important events now on the tapis, and it is to be hoped that Mr. L. L. Smith will allow the son of Irish King and Mobfle to try his fortune in our Metropolitan, Tor which he hae been allotted 7st. 41b. It is rumoured that the second edition of ' The Australian Stud Book,' compiled by Mr. Yuille, will shortly make its appearance, and it will be a most welcome addition to turf libraries. Crystal waB lame when he started for the Grand National \- Hurdle Race on Saturday last. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that Wheatoar, Sir Oliver, and King Quail have been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. Westbnry has become the property of Mr. J. Leek, and it Is to be hoped . that hs will give the son of Tim Whifller and Jessica a chance at our ensuing meetings. Trotting appears to be becoming very popular in Victoria, and the terms for an Australian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes have Wen drawn np. The race is to be run in 1886. The full subscription will be 25 sovs. from the owner of each sire, and nominations must be sent in on or before the 1st of next December, while the 1st of August, 1884, is the date fixed upon for tne description of foals. It is understood (hat E. M'Grade, tbe rising young horaenw^ ^etoeMu^ fcmself by the way in which f he handled Mistake in several races at the last A. f. C. 'u' ***** m The general entry for the A. J.C. Spring MpaBnp is to close on the 7th of August, and nominations for the Wagga Gold Cup, and the Grand Stand Handicap most reach Mr. J-fJaw'kes. the secretary at Wagga, on the 9 th. the^th of August ^ ^ Melbonnw ^ 4ue 0,1 ..™he„«Wid^jPffr of. the Deniliquin Race Club came off on Wednesday, the 19th. when the following ver* diets were returned;— Handicap Hurdle Race: Mr. W. Roberts s Sarawak, 10et. lib., 1; Mr. W. Heriot's Tip IH4* 4lb » 2 '» Mi- T. Sim's Artful Joe, list, dlb., -£. Edward River Handicap, 11 mile: Mr. G. Davis s 1-rrst Light, 2 years, 7st. 3lb., 1; Mr. W. Robert's Peeping Tom, 7st., 2; Mr. W. Heriot's The ^norter, -st. 71b., 3. Members' Cup, 1} mile: Mr. J. Lee's Pirate, 1 ; Emu, 2 ; Artful Joe, 3. Selling Race, 1| mile: Mr. J . Lee's Pirate, 9st., 1 ; Mr. W. Heriot's The Snorter, 8et.41b., 2 ; Mr. W. Podger's Dols, Gst. 12lb., 3. Midwinter Handicap, J1 mile : Mr* TV. Roberts's Peepias Tom, 6st. 101b., 1 ; Mr. T. Sim's Artful Joe, 8st. 41b., 2'; Mr. J. Lee's Windsor, 7st. 4lb., 3. A grand list of entries have 'been received for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting, which is J® take place on the 19th of August I here are 37 in the Sapling Stakes, including some rarely bred ones ; 22 in the Hurdle Race, amongst which are Rhesus, Sportsman, Handy Andy, Ladv Hampden, and Dhumnghile ; 1G in the Australian Amateur Chal lenge Cup; 14 in the Selling Race, including Ghost, Boatman, Glad Tidings, and Respite : 25 in the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, in which moet of the cracks, except Himalaya, are engaged: and 22 in the Handicap Amateur Fiat Race. Mr. Bond is to be congratulated upon such a fine list ; and when the weights appear we shall place the whole of the nominations before our readers. At the late Deniliquin race meeting (says the Melbourne Sportsman') Artful Joe was started in three out of the five events contested during the afternoon, and this really seems to me very much like cruelty to animals. ' Riding a free horse todeath ' is alwavs held up as a warning adage, and it is a pity the owner of this good^though probably over rated animal, did not bear the maxim in his faiemory.' Con sidering that the said 'arttul one' carried list. 2*lb. in the Hurdle Race, and then 12st. in the Member's Cup, it is not to be wondered _at that he failed to win the Midwinter Han dicap — being his third time of asking — though under the more moderate allowance of 8st. 41b. The Maryborough (Queensland) Races were resumed on Saturday. The weather was fine, but the course was a perfect slush. Visitors' Plate : Sweetbriar 1, Navy Eights 2, Nitrogen 3. Champagne Stakes : Kittlebreeks 1, Gipsy 2, Gertrude 3. Hurdle Race : Blazeawayl, Frolic 2. The latter fell, but was remounted. Club Handicap : Centurion 1, Pomona 2, Nabocklieh 3. M'Gill scratched Proctor, owing to the condition of the course. Eclipse and Moorlad also ran. A splendid finish ; won by a neck. Corinthian Cup: Nitrogen 1, Weatherbit 2. Only two started. Nursery Handicap : Legacy 1, Goldfinder 2, Cynthia 3. Farewell Handicap : Silverhair 1, Pomona 2, Empress 3. Saturday's Australasian has the following about the licensing of bookmakers: — Seventy-nine members at £25 each make veiy nearly £2000. This is a nice addition to the revenue of the V. R. C., and that such a sum is forth coming as a license-fee proves that bookmaking, after all, is a very profitable business. But this revenue, large as it is, is nothing to what would flow into the coffers of the V. R. C. if the totalisator were legalised. It is oomputed by good judges that no less than a quarter of a million of money would pass through die registering sweep machine, which the totalisator is, in the course of a twelvemonth. Per haps that is a rather excessive estimate. The commission on that amount would be over £12,000. Even half that amount would further racing, as added money, pretty con siderably, we think. However, that time has. not come yet, but it will most assuredly before long. The weather was so cold at the Oaklands (Tasmania) Meeting on the 13th of this month that several of the riders were unable to hold their reins, and were compelled to twist them round the wrists. The Hurdle Race was won by West Coast, and the Steeplechase by Morven, a son o*f Horatio. I (says ' Augur,' of the Australasian) paid a visit to Flemington on Monday morning, and saw a number of horses doing useful exercise. Nautilus, who has thickened and grown, did a strong mile on the cinders moderately, but he can hardly be real fit for a month or two. Albyn, who did good work, looks remarkably well. Of Mr. Cook's £ liked nothing better than Scipio and Anglesey, both of whom have improved. Darebin, looking wonderfully well, cantered three times round the outer track. Some people say that Frying-pan has not improved, but as he cantered round I could not help observing that though he had not perhaps grownupwaras, he had thickened and put on muscle all over. Attache and Ironmaster worked on the tan. The Derby colt is rather short, but he is a capital mover. King of the Vale waB treated to a sweat, and there is no nicer youngster at Flemington. Golden Butterfly cantered in company with Omelette, and this pair reflect credit upon the sire. What a grand horse Larpent is, and what a pity it is that he has not good legs. Wizard, greatly improved, cantered round the outer track ; and I saw Bosworth, who also looked blooming, walking about on the flat. Robert the Devil is another that has made considerable advancement, and this selling plater of Mr. H. Fisher's may prove as profit able bb Courtenay. H. Yeend has a useful horse in The British Lion, and another in Songster; and R. Sevior has a fairish mare in Star of the West, while S. Mahon has a horse of more than average ability in Scandal. Hyllus and Dunstan were schooled over the hurdles. Of the youngsters that were down the Yattendon — Lady Ilooton colt certainly carried off the palm, though Malvern is a very taking colt. Trainers are complaining loudly of the planting of a line of trees on the northern side of tlie training ground, and not without good reason, for when they grow they will obscure the view of the trainers, and prevent them seeing what their horses are doing. The touts, however, on the hill will be able to see everything without any difficulty. Treeplant ing, no doubt, beautifies everything, but when carried to excess, as it promisee to be at Flemington, it becomes a nuisance, and as the committee of the V.R.C. had the good sense to remove the ' touts' retreatj' I hope the members thereof will prevent the trainers being put to any incon venience by the planting of a line of trees that is not at all needed. The little plantations on the other hand, will be regarded as a benefit. On Tuesday afternoon great hostility was shown towards Segenhoe for *the A. J. C. Derby, and without apparent reason he receded in the market to such an extent that 5 to 1 was freely laid against him. The retirement, temporary or otherwise, of Segenhoe caused Jessie to be enthroned as first favourite, and 3 to 1 was the best offer against her to money. Segenhoe came again in the market on Wednesday, and 5 to 2 is now the best offer. The balance-sheet of the Victoria Racing Club for the year ending June 30 showed the number of members to be 821, with subscriptions amounting to £10G5. The state ment of assets and liabilities shows the latter to amount to £17,284, or £2069 over the assets. The profits of the Cup meeting of 1881 were £8646. The Champion Meeting of 1 882 showed a loss of £408. The Autumn Meeting of 1882 showed a loss of £2155. The Winter Steeplechase Meeting of 1881 showed a loss of £271. The net profit on the whole season, irrespective of ordinary receipts and charges was £'£612. Since the date of the balance £2100 has been re ceived as fees for licenses to bookmakers, in accordance with the new rule. During the year £4493 has been 6pent in the maintenance and improvement of the course. On Monday a meeting of the Victorian bookmakers was held. In the' course of we evening W. Lang, who filled the ~ vice-chair, said it was necessary to form an association for mutual protection. It is understood that this will likely be done. The following were the results of the various events run at the Chatters Towers races: — Towers Handicap: Fair Jane, 1 ; Mirabesu, 2 ; Wrangler, 3. Members' Plate : Argus Scandal, 1 ; Talleyrand, 2 ; Rienzi, 3. Forced Handicap: Wrangler, 1 ; Ace, 2 ; Argus Scandal, 3. Our Brisbane correspondent telegraphs that at the Charters Towers races yesterday, the Mill Chester Handicap was won by Minimbah, Wrangler 2nd, MirabeanSrd; ana the District Plate, by Argus Scandal, Monogram 2nd. 