THE ASSEMBLY. Whon tlio House mot yesterday, there was quite o largo numbor of momborsprosont, somo of whom had como to fight and some to boo tho fighting, On tbo whole thorb was Iobs fighting tnan was oxpooted, but thorois room for plenty more by-nnd-byo, Tbo quarrels woro bogan and ndjournod,notoomplotod, Boforo anything was douo Mr Carter pat a tlmoty quostiou about water supply, and was informed by Mr Young that tho now main from Preston will bo com. plotcd by tbo tiret wool: in January, Whon this is done thoro will bo groator cortainty about tho suburban supply, At prosont on a hot wind niorniug, when paterfamilias Books his bath room, dotorminod to got ono good cooler to fortify him for tho day, a fow drops oozo slowly from tho porfoiationa of his showor buth, and thoro tho matter ends, "No presuuro" isthooxauso for tho tantalising dofioienoy, but ho finds ox- aotly tho samo proBsuro for tho monoy for a commodity whicli is not aupplled, Mr Oartor looked as if ho liopod that this stato of things would end in January, but not as if ho bolievod it possible. Tho temper of tbo Houso always turns readily toward any form of onjoymout, and couscquontly when Mr It, Glurk extracted from tlio Premior astatomontthat ho would ar range for their having a picnio on board II, M.S. Nelson, overy body looked pleoHod; so much so that the invocation of tho ghost of the Goary bumnoss caused loss trepidation than that spectro usually oxcitos. liowovor, it was only tho proinonitory clanking of tho chain that was roally hoard. Tho ramaindar of the papers aro to bo laid on tho lablo to day, and tlion wo shall boo how tho gallant Major will Bpiflicato lus successor, But tho Houso did not get into committoo of supply without ft H'rugglo, Mr Cartor, who docs not so much follow tho Ministry as pnrauo it, gavo ono of his usual digs between wind and wntor as . Sir Bryan O'Loghlou proseod onward in hnsto aftor tho modest little triflonf LGG3, 785, which ho wants to sjo hiia ovor Christmas. Mr Carter moved that a re turn bo mado showing what amount of money had beon paid for last year's work out of this year's incomo. Whothor ho know tbo roal stato of tho caso or not did not appear. If ho did not ho must bavo blowod tho Mini.i- try's luok. If ho did they must bavo blcs.iodhis kindnces. Ho oxplaiued that undor the new system of finnnco monoys voted prior to 30ti Juno for tbo sorviooof tho fiuaucial yoaronding on that dato woro paid as lata ns July aua August, and ho argued that this practice oiadu the Treasurer's balance sheet delusive. Fur iu- itnnco tho Premior had claimed a credit balance of L7G,QQ0 on 30th Juuo, and thero might havo . boon an actuul deficiency. Sir Bryan O'Logh- len quito ngreod with Mr Uortor, but tho 'facts did not. ( It appeared that the Troasuror chargod himself v/ith all that he knew lie had to pay, and when ho got tho rest of the infor mation, bo supplied it to tho Houso, therefore tbo roturu wau unnecessiry. Tbo estimated surplus of. L7G.OOO hud turned out to 1) LIUO.OOO. so that the lion, member's foars worn groundless. Like Balaam, Mr Carter ro<io to curso, aud spoko to blo«s, nnd contentment, calm and norono, sat smiling ou tho Promior's brow. Afterwards wo beard that noma of Mr Richnrckiou'ii friends bud a grievance, into which SirBrynu O'Loghlon promised toon- quiro, and then that Mr Wilson's constituency; hnd been obliged to ;my L33 lis to tho Govuru-' mcnt auditor. This sum is an insurance, against tho inipapplicatioii of muuicipal fuuds but rr VVilaons conatituouta want to got' rid ol it. Sir Bryan O'Loghlon could uot boo his way clour to help thom, and indeed the . act i'b imporativo. It works well too , since , wbonevcr a muuicipal ofiiciul appropriates tho ' fnnds, ho almost invariably clears out for Hades bofoto the Govornmsnt auditor arrivo. Municipal authorities nro, thereforo, pretty . rafo not to loso moro tbau ho can . tako in ono yoar. This being settled, Mr Hall mado a strngglo to got n declara tion in favor of abolishing tho duty ' on toa, but tho Honso declined to be caught, ; and refused to discuss tho motion by directing tbo Speakor to loave tho ohuir. Tho numbers wero thirty-Bovon to twenty-ono. When wo got into Commlttso of Supply, Sir Bryan O'Loghlon put uicmbatH In an unhappy franio of mind, by mantiouing tho fact that thoro would bo a recess of a fortaight at Christmas. " Don't vou intend to close boforo Christmas ?" askod Mr M'Intyro, in innocent dismay," "Woll" said Sir Bryan, in olfeot, , "If you manage to pass tho Land Bill."' (whorent Mr Mirams laughed long and loudly and not at all politely) " and tho osti mates and the proposals for reorganising tho volunteers, wo might, but( you would have to begin at two o'clock and sit on Fridays to get through, " r.Tbo idea of working four days n week iu order to got through public business was too much for lion, inombsrs and tho matter dropped. At last Mr Berry got an in nings, and it must bo acknowledged that ho mado vory good uao of it. He scolded- tho Houso for having " totally aud crimmnlly neglected tho duties for which tboy woro moro particularly called togother," namely tho estimates. Then ho scolded Mr Bont for wanting L232.000 for thu Railway Department for two months, aud then ho walked into tho Government upon ICon Bington Hill business, and to quoto tbo honor able John Gardiner, Esquire, M. L. A., O.O. F, O., etc., ofco., otc — vide card— " Ho did it proper," Ho bad a good deal of right on His eido, becaueo it snoms certain, according to ttio bsst constitutional authorities iu tho Assombly, however good the bargain, tho expenditure ought not to huvo been undertaken without tho sanction of a di rect vote. It wan eaidouicrtlly suggested that it was a cose of "Satan roproviug sin." But do v/o uot know that Satan does it most majestically. Do not Milton nud Byron aud Gootha and Longfellow all pouitray him as being at his best in 6uch work? Is not a reformed poacher the b:atofgarao- kcopoio, and is thoro mot a country in whioh tbey keep ono rat to drivo away tho others ? Ah 1 bolicvo me, wh6n Mr Berry begini to show how wrong it is oven to make a good bargain for valuo recoived, without goin through all tho Parliamentary forms made ' and provided ho' is truly iinproerive. Moro . thon improssivo, in fact, Rubliino. Sir Bryan fO'Logblou dsfondod Mr Bent onsrgoticalty, and Mr Bont defended himself warmly, and by-aud-byo wo wore allowed to got rid of tho subject for tbo iimo boing. Everybody is siok jofit, and it may safely bo prophesied that > nothing can oomo of it. Finally Sir Rrvan : O'Loghicu got his LG53.785, and so scored a . , victory, This boing dono, however, ho. bad. to i register bis defeat, and lie did so manfully, brmgiug in three bills for dealing with the re demption of tho Loan, and working tbom all through committee with little difficulty. By ' twenty minutes past ton, all tho ;buBiucsa was ; done with, and tucse bills woio sot down to bs rend u third - tlmo this afternoon, so that they, may go homo by tho mail to morrow, PloaBed with tho faot that so much had beon dono, ' the Houso immediately adjourned, and I, delighted to got away a full half hour earlier than usual, KUIUJ V 1UII UIU ; GALLERY. 