! MISS POMEKOY AS HAMLET. The largest audience which haa, yet assembled within the walls of the Exhibition theatre gave Miss Louise Pomeroy an entbu-, siastio greeting last night in her impersona tion (for the Becond time only in Victoria) of "Hamlet." - The house was crowded in all parts, and a considerable number of persons who were unable, to find standing room had their money returned to';them. . Probably since'Miss Cush'mah' (alsot an.; American actress) undertook thih. ambitions role, no lady has assumed the -part better endowed with natural gifts to do justice to it, than' Miss Pomeroy.'; She ,' has', the * grace of well-bred " manhood," a figure that is princely in physique,and a voice which is completely under her control. The cast was a very powerful one. Miss Alice Deorwyn playing -" .Ophelia,". Miss Kate Arden " The Queen," Miss Blanche Lewis " Osric," Mr Stuart O'Brien "King Claudius," Mr Holloway "Tho Ghost," Mr Carey " Pirat' GravodiBgor," Mr Arthur Elliott "Laertes," and Mr Edwin Palmer " Polonius."' Miss Pomeroy's imper sonation of the Royal Dane was a Shakspe rian conception, scholarly interpreted. . To say that the lady was text perfect wonld be to do her scant justice. Miss Pomeroy has studied the "Prince" in all his moods, from mer- : rimont to melancholy, up to that" madness" tho simulation of which has afforded Shakes perian critics so much room for speculation. On this point Miss Pomeroy leaves no one in doubt, for, from the tone and manner of the Prince's conversation with " Rosencrantz " and " Guildensteru," it is olear. that he has carefully thought out the means of bringing "Claudius," his uncle, face to face with his regicidal act; and has resolved -.'upon an eccentric course of cobduof to that end. < The first interview with the Spirit King, was an impassioned piece of acting,'indicating the greater effort that wonld be made, later,,in - the portrayal of conflicting emotions, in.the scene between Hamlet and. his mother, when the Prince has ' learned the ' foul ' means ' by which his father was put to death. Miss Pomeroy evidently took the . house by surprise by the fierceness of her invective,.^ yet it was softened by the evident ramdm-; ' brance at intervals that the woman to whom he spake daggers, yet used none, was'the mother to whom the Spirit, King, his father, had charged him to be mercifnl. It is . no . exaggeration to..'. Bay, that.„Miss,.. Pomeroy's " Hamlet" is, from first to last," »n " alternative of light iind shade,'conceived in the spirit of a true artist, with only very rare lapses into that staginess which neces sarily comesof an intimate acquaintance with , the more modern drama. She was wonder fully well supported. Miss Alice Deorwyn made a charming " Ophelia," and shared with Miss Pomeroy the applause of a large and discriminating audience. MiBsKate Arden looked and played tho " Queen" admirably, and although Miss Blanche Lewis had a subordinate part as *f Osric" she did it ample justice. The "Laertes", of Mr Elliott was a trifle too . boisterous,: and Mr Stuart ' O'Brien's "King Claudius" fell short of what v we had expected from so old and experienced ail actor. Mr Palmer's "Polonius" was a finished performance, and it is worthy of notice that every role undertaken by this gentleman exhibits evidence of carefnl study, and leaves little ropm for. advorso oriticism. Tho " Ghost," which found an exponent in Mr Holloway, was a livelier;, spirit than usually walks the stage, bnt he looked every inch a king. To-night Miss Pomeroy "appears for the last time here, the piece announced being "East Ljnne." 