THE TRAVELLER. PICTURES OF TRAVEL. Bt J. S. GENEVA. After the qnaintnesB and quietude of Lan sanDe, with its old-world air and its mediae ral associations, the city of Genera, as yoa approach it from the lake, comes upon yoa with a feeling of emprise; its aspect is bo grandiose, so modern, and eo Parisian withal. Where the Rhone iBenee from the inland sea, into which it ponred its chalky waters at Le Bonveret to emerge from it purple and transparent, the broad and rushing river iB spanned by a noble bridge of 12 arches, and is flanked and walled by two wide-spreading quays, that on the left bank being planted with trees, while that on the right opens ont, in one place, on to the fine square called the Jardin des Alpes; in the midst of which rises the snmptuona monument erected by the Geneveee, on the model of that of the Can Grande, at Verona, to the memory of the Duke of Brunswick, who bequeathed the city abont a million sterling. Each of these quays, Btretching away in a far perspective, as well as the square itself, is bordered by substantial-looking and uniformly-erected houses, for the most part seven stories high; and behind theee are the older portions of the city, occnpying higher ground and closely packed together, with the two towers of the cathedral lifting them selves above a mass of ancient roofs and tiled torrets. Immediately in front of yon, beyond the bridge, on an island in the middle of the Rhone, is Pradier's fine Btatute of Rousseau, in a sitting postnre. To the sight the dark masses of the Jura mountains are visible, and to the left the Voirons, the Joneses, the Mole, the Great and Little Sal&ve;, and the auguBt outline of Mont Blanc, sharply defined against the azure of the sky. ThiB is the feature of the scene, and its permanent fascination. It is always arresting your attention. It compels yon to look at it, and insists upon your homage. In the morning it is spectral and cloud like. At noon its profile presents a startling resemblance to that of grey, discrowned old Lear, lying dead, with a deep shadow where the eye has sunk, and other shadows in .the hollows of his cheek and at the nostril, with his white hair flowing in disorder backward from his forehead, and his long beard sweep ing over the robe which covers his breast. At sunset the mountain is flashed with an orange glow, which subsides into a pale rose pink, and in the twilight yon watch its grada tions of pallid colour until it seems to have swooned away in space, and made itself air, like the witches in " Macbeth." Bat at any hour, and under every aspect, it is -a sublime spectacle, and there iB something solemnly impressive in the immutability of its stain less snows, and in the majestic serenity with which it lookB down npon the lower fpaanta by which it is environed. At first the city of Geneva, with its wide thoroughfares in the newer quarters of the place, and the comparatively small number of vehicles and foot- passengers to be met with in them, gives yon the idea that it is altogether too large and spacious for ita population. But its trade is to a considerable extent an export trade, and its working classes are out of sight all day in the numerous manufactories of clocks and watches, musical-boxes, marquetarie and parqueterie, jewellery, and the other articles for which Geneva is famous; the display of these, and of the ivory and wood carvings for which the city is equally celebrated, in the shop windows, rendering a walk through its business quarters a most agree able occupation for the stranger. All such " vanities" were proscribed in the day of John Calvin; and we have another example of the irony of fate in the fact that the municipality of Geneva has just expended nearly six millions of francs in the erection of one of the hand- somest theatres in Europe in a place where no dramatic performances ware formerly per mitted; that the Genevese Sabbath resembles pretty closely a Parisian Sunday; that at every large cafe along the quays there it vocal and instrumental music on each even ing in the week; and that what was once the citadel of Presbyterian orthodoxy is to day the head-quarters of a propaganda of free-thinking. Speaking of this part of Switzerland, Vol taire was accustomed to say, " When I shake my wig I powder the whole republic." The canton of Geneva is only 15 miles aqnars, and yet what an Important part it has played in the religious, political literary and scientific history of Europe! A mere "cabbage garden," it has been prolific of illustrious men. It gave birth to Calvin,Rousseau, Sismondi, Bonivard, Dtlolme. DomoaL HiHttll, Oonitank Neckac ^ hhd>ijhlj,€faijce d'A®bta*v_i__1{__ teUectn&l; effort And if the size of the skull be any criterion of mental capacity Geneva ought to produce a plentiful crop of men and women of conepicuons ability in the coming yearn, for 1 never saw eo many large and un ueually well-ehaped heade among the same number of children as I saw in the primary echoole and the Kindergartens of Geneva, o which, as well as to the other puMic institu tions of the city, 1 was favoured with orders of admission by *he courtesy of the president of the municipality. With none of the Illustrious men of the last century, more particularly, is Geneva more inseparably associated than with Voltaire and Roneeeau; while it must not be forgotten that it was here, under a rteimt of freedom for the press, that Montesquieu's Esprit des Lois was first given to the world. A- to the author of Kentle and of the Contrat Social, it may be remarked that both works were pub licly condemned, and one of them burnt by the common hangman, little more than a hundred years ago, and that to-day the city of Geneva has affixed a tablet to the front of the house in which he was bom; that a pic ture representing him entering his father's workshop adorns one of the rooms in the Hotel de Yille, and that his statue has bren placed—as I have said—on an island which bears his name at the ontfall of the Rhone. It cannot be asserted of Voltaire that he was enamoured of the people or the institu tions of Geneva He admired its attach ment to the principles of civil and religious liberty, and the activity and freedom of its scientific investigations ; but he had no sym pathy with its republican spirit, with its religions sentiments, and with the habits of i rugality and simplicity which char&cteris-; d the people of Switzerland at this epoch. He was fond of the elegancies of life, its luxuries, its gallantries, and ot the more refined of its vices; and he attacked his neighbours in his Guerre de Geneve, and in other caustic brochures, with a cynical bitter ness and a mordant Barcasm, which must have wounded the objects of his antipathy Yery acutely. He ridiculed the austerity of their principles, acd mocked at the strait of their practice; and when he bad succeeded in procuring the re-estab lishment of theatrical entertainments in Geneva, bis gratification expressed itself in this wise " They are resorting in crowds to the theatre. The city of Calvin is becoming a city of pleasure and of toleration. 1 am corrupting the yooth of this pedantic place. I am creating enjoyments; the preachers are enraged, and I crash them." On another occasion be spoke of Geneva as " a republic of 24,000 reasoners—a ridiculous, petty, paltry, and excessively pedanticp^iandier-"—the last phrase being without an English equivalent, as it is used to signify the court of King Petaud, in which everybody was master. Was it by accident, or design, I wonder, that in selecting Femey—or Fernex, as it is locally spelt—for his place of residence, he took cue that the city of Geneva should be completely excluded from the prospect ? Whatever may be the opinion one enter tains of Yoltaire'e character and principles— and both were, in many respects, con temptible—bis genius made him a great power in the history and literature of France; and to visit Geneva without a pilgrimage to Fernex would be a serious oversight. Ac cordingly I proceeded thither, by omnibus, along a road which might have been mis taken for a highway in one of the English counties, bordered as it was for some dis tance ont of Geneva by hedgerows, in which the familiar hazelnnt and blackberry inter mingled with the elderberry, the wild cle matis, the dogvose, and the bop, while the oak and the elm combined with the walnut and the cluster to weave a green roof over head. There were stately avenues leading up to substantial mansions, solidly esta blished in the midet of goodly shrubberies and fair demesnes ; and there were the greenest of meadows, in which broad swathes of succulent grass were falling before the measured sweep of the mower's scythe. There were orchards, in which the fruit trees were old and mossy; and farm-houses which must have been venerable when Voltaire passed up and down this road on his way to the city which he satirised. Fernex itself is an old-fashioned, staid, quiet, and respectable village, or perhaps it aspires to the designation of a small town, with a Cafe de Voltaire and a Hotel de Vol taire, and a fountain surmounted by a bronze bust of the philoeopher, with a mocking smile upon bis face, and an inscription set ting forth that it was Ofert par Claude Pierre David en memoire du Centenairc de, Voltaire, 1878. I noticed also that at the office of the Justice de Pair a daily telegram is posted, stating what is the weather in wanoos parts of Switzerland, and what are the probabilities for the next font and twenty bonrs—a kind of information extremely serviceable to people who are engaged for the most pact in the cultivation of the land. Passing through the village, yon turn to the left np a beautiful avenue of asb and elm and chestnut, where the nightingale is making the whole neighbourhood ring with its lovely melodies, and where you hear the sound of the scythe in the long lash -grass, and scent the odour of bean-fields; and then you come upon a gentle eminence, -on the left hand aide of which stands the little church, no larger than an ordinary chapel in a bush township, which was built by Voltaire for the accommodation •of his labourers and domestics. Its diminu tive fafade is surmounted by a small clock tenet, under which is a stone tablet, with the inscription, "Deo erexit Voltaire, 176L" ■Close by, and separated from the green plot -in front of the church by an iron grille, is -the chateau, built somewhat in the style of tee country bouses in England that were •erected in tee reign of Queen Anne. Some of the rooms are pretty much as they were when Voltaire left them; as, for example his bedroom and its antechamber, and there is is •curious collection of portraits, comprising the Empress Catherine of Russia, and the • philosopher's washerwoman, his sweep, and Frederick the Great of Prussia, his own like sins, and that of Madame du Cbatelet As ■ might be imagined, the chateau Is full of ■ <ghosts. Atleast.yon cannot help telling up a whole crowd of phantoms, and repeopling tee gdaee with tea shadowy figures of the motors and actresses, tea, tela and philoso \- phew, tee handsome womenand accom \- literary, artistic, poli tical, and social celebrities who used to resort • to Fernex,when Le Ret Voltaire held his i -court there, ted when, as Madame d'Spina* ; wrote to Grimm.—"Cette maison dtait le ■stage ds PsssoBihlago des ctmtraine, etun >' sipsotaols ctisrwaiit your Ira spectatenrs." | srandra whether tfacr eset turned their eyes, witeTtesr. wste .papipg up and down the i teraioe4» teeeouth aids of the bouse, to the , rastnlfioent^pteiMa wMch Mirolled itself ^ ^oi the & MImpossible when ars-JS slepttte down to a preen lane, and beyond «t 10 a valley, where the russet- brown ro-Ma of Kernel are partly htddeu by the thick foli age of the orchard trees. An undulating ridce of liphtlj-timbered fields, interspersed with counirv houses, shrubberies, and plea sure-grounds, completely hides from view the citv of Geneva. And over all these tower "the stupendous glaciers aud icy imuacles of Mont Blanc, with grand Alpine i-eaks and pinnacles ehelviug away to the ncht and left, and tier upon tier of white clouds drifting above or below their da* zlmg summits. The chateau is sheltered from the cold winds that blow down trom the Jura in the winter months thickets of forest trees which have reached almost gigantic dimensions. These are intersected by noble avenues, and sepa rate the extensive kitchen gardens of the mansion from the farm-house, which en closes three sides of a spacious quadrangle, and covers more ground than the residence itself. Altogether, the philosopher must have lived en grand teigntur at Fern ex, ana ail his surroundings appear to have been well calculated to render additionally at tractive a visit to the man whom his ad mirers agreed in characterising as ' I hornme le plus sednisant, le pins agreable, et le plus celebre de ['Europe." About eight miles from Geneva, on the north-west bank of what is called Le Pent Lac, lies the small town of Coppet, in which is the chateau now belonging to the L»e Broglies, but formerly the residence of Keeker, and of his more celebrated daughter, Madame de Staid, both of whom are buried in the grounds of the mansion. More for tunate than many of his contemporaries, the Finance Minister of Louis XVL was enabled to retire from the country he had inenec- ; tually endeavoured to prevent falling into a bottomless abyss of disaster, before the i outbreak of the storm which overwhelmed j the monarchy and society of France in one common ruin. He witnessed from his retreat at Coppet the great cataclysm, which he had been powerless to avert; and here, in 1802, when the French people were submitting not merely with complacency, but with a joyful alacrity, to a military despotism, be wrote his Jjerrairee Vuet de Politique et de Finance, in which he vindicated those principles of free dom that were being trodden under foot in France by the ci-devant lieutenant of artillery. Bere, too, when exiled from Paris, to which she was as fondly attached as Dr. Johnson was to London, Madame de Stiel, feared and hated by Napoleon, sighed for the gutters of the Rue du Bac, but gained in in tellectual strength and vigour by those habits of meditation and study which were almost forced upon her in the comparative seclusion of the country. Here ehe enjoyed the friend ship of Benjamin Constant, Schlegel, Bon stetten, and Sismondi; and here she indulged in those dreams of remodelling the French character, and of infusing into it the dignity, the sentiment of doty, the freedom of thought, and the habits of reflection which she admired in the English—dreams as im practicable in their realisation as they were generous and enthusiastic in their concep tion. Let us return, however, to Geneva, as the setting sun is lighting up the alternate bands of vegetation and of bare rock on the Great and little Saleve with an orange glory, and the stupendous mass of Mout Blanc is tinged with something between a pale pink and a delicate salmon colour, and the Mole is clothed with a soft haze, and Lea VoirouB and the two peaks of the Jovasse seem touched with flame, and as the light of the declining luminaiy climbs silently np the nearer and lower ranges, and eventually disappears, while the monarch of the Alps takes on a brighter lustre, and resemoles an enormous topaz roughly cut and set in a shield of turquoise. In the evening the city looks its best. The cafes are brilliantly illuminated, and so is the Jardin Anglais, where an al freeco concert is taking place. The lamps which fringe the qnayB and margin the nume rous bridges that traverse the swirling Rhone are reflected in its pnrple wateri. Throngs of people are listening to tfce various companies of musicians stationed in front of the cafes; boats with lanterns in their prows are flitting across the surface of the river; and the whole scene is such as to suggest that Geneva must be en fUe, al though in reality it only wean die aspect which it assumes every summer evening when the twilight begins to fade away. Most of the public edifices of die city are grouped together in its newer quarter, near the Botanical-gardens and the Promenade dee Bastions. The theatre, the Athene tun, the Public Library, containing 69,000 volumes, die Conservatory of Music, the Academic Museum, and die Rath Musenm an thus situated. The last-named institution was the beqnest to the city of General Rath, and possesses several noble landscapes by Calams, Humbert, Didaj, Duval, and others. Those of C&lame; are especially fine. A group of oak trees of exuberant leafinesa, in the middle of a field of ripe wheat, with a warm autumnal sky behind, an atmosphere sur charged with sunshine and vaponry heat, end a group of reapers resting in the soft shadow of the overarching boughs, betrays the handof a master in every line. So does an Alpine tempest from the same pencil. Zn the fore ground is a grove of pines, writhing end groaning under the vigorous compulsion of a fierce wind that cornea howling and shrieking down from ragged heights that ere partly veiled by dark clonds, so torn and riven In places by the angry violence of the ice-cold Joehn as to admit of the passage of gleams and dints of lnrid sunlight, which brighten the foaming surface a torrent that is impetuously forcing its way through the broken foreground. An Italian landscape is in. striking contrast with the last named composition, arid shows that the artist was not incapable of competing with Claude upon his own ground. Its bril liancy of atmosphere end iuminoos qualities generally are very remarkable. An autumnal sunset and a snow aceue, by Caiame, show that bis versatility was as great as his ability, and that be was qualified to interpret na ture in not one but many of her multiform aspects. A lake occupies ths centre of the picture in the former, and the eon is about to dip behind a range of mountains in the background, la front, through an' opening in a forest of beech and larch trees, so pencils of golden light fall with a eubdw. Slendour upon the stems and branches the trees, and upon rite rocky fore ground. In the enow scene, an Alpine valley is illuminated by .the full moon, which is just emerging from a dond, and pouring a flood of soft radiance upon the white weird land scape. It msy beaaid of each of Calame'a pictures that it is a gsnuine poem; epic in Its streMth. and Imc in its sweetness. Hie was ariwrnattgable student of nature. In the summte months he was accustomed tp spend tnfwhoie day, from sunrise to sunset, in the mtdet of Alpine solitudes, labouring at bfseaaelwithfci esaant industry. Enamoured of trtsArVbe neglected his meals, anddenied himself the rieoetsary hours of sleep ; and rite reesU wee that he bed exhaustedbii stock of vital force, by the rime he hM reached!!* grand climacteric, and died, i martyr to bis devotion, at the age of fifty four. His works make you feel that you stand in the presence of the achievements of one whom Nature had rewarded for his loyal worship of ner by revealing to biui the secrets of ber majesty and loveliness ; and that Calame combined the exercise of the utmost conscientiousness with an unusually com plete and comprehensive knowledge of the technical resources of his art as a landscape painter. Among the educational institutions of Geneva special meutiou deserves to be made of J£ccte d'Horiofftrif, established by the municipality of the city for the purpose of giving instruction, both scientific aud prac tical, in tbe art of watchmaking, so as to maintain and increase tbe prosperity aud repute of the staple industry of the place. The school is placed under the direction of the Administrative Council of Geneva, assisted by a Consultative Commission nomi nated by itself. Tbe theoretical course of in struction embraces the French language, arithmetic, bookkeeping, linear and industrial . drawing, geometry, algebra, physics, che i mistry, mechanics, cosmography, astronomy, : and horologery; while the practical teaching ! comprehends three sections, the first ele mentary, in which students are taught to make watches of tbe simplest construction, the second more advanced, and the third comprising the fabrication of the best aud most expensive kinds of timepieces. Each course of instruction is obligatory upon all persons entering tbe school. To be qualified for this a boy must be 14 years of age, and must have passed an examination equivalent to that of the highest degree in the primary schools of Geneva The fees are five francs a month for Swiss students, and 23 for foreigners, and adult workmen are admis sible on similar conditions. The tools neces sary for an apprentice, as well as a bench to work at, are furnished at the expense of the municipality, and the former become the property of the student when he has creditably pas Bed through ail his classes. Every year competitive examinations take place, at which the work performed is ad judicated upon by juries of experts, and certificates or diplomas are awarded, sb well as prizes for good workmanship. Be fore receiving a diploma, a competitor must have obtained at least the moiety of the coefficient maximum, 10, in all the branches of instruction, as well as for good con duct The annual examination was ap pointed to take place on the day following my visit, and the director of the institu tion kindly showed me some of the best of the watches sent in for concurrence, and pointed oat the delicacy and high finish of their workmanship. Each class is nuder tbe direction of a special master ; the hours of instruction commencing between 7 and 8 in the morning, and terminating at 7 in the evening, with an interval of an hour and a half in tbe middle of tbe day, for dinner. For the complete course of tuition a period of three years is required; at the expiration of which time the student is usually qualified to undertake the most important work that can be assigned to him in a watch manufactory. Some of these establishments, as, for example, that of J. M, B&dollet; mid Co., which carried off first-class honours at Philadelphia, Vienna, and Paris, employ a good many women and girls ; and, as I bad an opportunity of ob seiving, their lightness and delicacy of touch is peculiarly well adapted for the finer details in tbe fabrication of those watches, more especially, which are so small as to enable them to be worn in rings, lockets, and other articles of feminine adornment. 