! Bj&adbriia;'s New York Letter I * No, i62i A week of feverish anxiety and up heaval—unsettled weather, unsettled stock markety unseized labor market; fensettled everything—no clue to;. the would-be assassins who attempted the life of Yanderbilt and Field; men are asking themselves if tbey will try it over again on the same men or if they will pick out a new subject-111ft next time—whether it will be Russell Sage, Jim Keene, or likeliest •<$ all, Jay (9-o»ld. It is an uncomfortable thing to think of. Ef srrft'y of a millicfib; of men ever)' one of whom was 6w6rn to die ifi his defenoo, could not save the Russian Czar, and the love <fcf fifty millions of freemen and free .women could not shield James A. GriirEeld, what hope is there then for the Cleft ' ft'hose iivea have been passed in scheflieis of spoliation, and who have awakened hates and antagonisms so bitter and so deadly as it is possible for the heart of man to conceive P lu a public meeting the other night, a man calling himself : an American cheered for assassination. , If James lledpath is an Atfieric&h; it is | news t6 me ; J Mve always understood i he w&s; iiil Englishrfilin; his tfllole life has been passed in revolution. He it was who went down to Kansas with old John Brown and from that day to this he has been seeking cheap notoriety where therj was nd particular daiiger. He is a small edition of George Francis I Train, without Trainee. brAirts. His cheers for ass&ssiriati;&n; found echoing voices, for there is nothing that could bo said or done so bad that it would not find a response in New York. The fellows who cheered assassination the other night were all imported stock, and with the exception of thfc Erglitllnau lledpath, the whole of them wero from Ireland. It was in vain that the better class of Irishmen begged and implored them to behave themselves} knew they were in no danger, and they rosolved to make i blackguards and ruffians of themselves, j and they succeeded to a charm. One | thing was very tividcilt, howevor, not-, withstanding their noise arid bluster, and tlidt Wiisthot they only compose a miserable minority of the Irish popula* tion of New York. TlierG were thou sands ofrepresentative Iri&hihen; there to dohdnuce the groat criifie, not against EogtiM but against Ireland, and this was particularly euiphaeized' by the fict that, the Mayrti' <3f the first cifarof Union, who presided at the mcJnN£, was an Irishnlaii born—as indcoHw many of the city's most officers who wor3 sddted on the with hint; but assassinatic^^vas cheered and dyndnliite, notwlth^^Rig the rtnionstttmce of the bottcj^Hpon of the meeting, and the cond^^Wf the revolutionpxy faction was fo '^grace ful that scarcely a city paper gave a faithful report of the meeting.'^ It 6eems as if the time was sadly out of jeint, as Shakespeare has it. If you ask a man about, polities nobody seems to know anything, or to be hardly able fo givo au Opinion. I asked an old politician, OAO Who I know lias been oft the inside of the Ring for ydifxa, who was going to be the next candidate for ^oveAmti-and he did not know any more abou t irttt&n; a liotteiitot. Party llihes eeerh.,to be facing out; men who sfcore by Tammaby fo&r;^reaxa ago, to ftay are trying to "®o\vii,. and then who swore at Tat&m;'ady four Vears ago are how trying tobuild it up. U olm Kelly has been "killed as dead al a door feilctil, 'at least a dozen , times, 'toithin as many Aohths, and to^e hiift idw in the inidst tff ftgeneral Tamma 'fey jiow-wow he i^ 'the liveliest ghost than can be fofihd in the'State of New Yoifc between Hontauk Poifet and Buffilb. /©on't 'An jiway with the idea that thG ^great "Winowski is de fuiirct, for he is li'btr; don't believe he i& abandoned by his followers, for he is not; every foan who has been won frcnh the Tammany ranks.h*ash'ad to be 'paid for, 'ftnd when the offices grPe out recruiting stops Tammany is & power i'a New York, city. As long as igno} ranee and crime exist, Tammany will exist; while the army of unhung villains that s*vell our calendars of crime can go up to the polls 'fend neutralize the votes of hpnest citizens, just so long Tammatiy 'Hall will re main ah import&ht; factor in State and -Natioufel politiesi It is just as well jthat we shotild Tiiio'W where we stand: John Kelly may not be ameto say who will be President, but there is one thing jjertfiin he is'able to. say wfcd "pill not oe President", and whichever Bi3e wine will have to do it with the aid of Tam- - many Hall. They may sqiltrrfi and Swear, they may resolve themselves into fefftrm 'committees, but it, won't do * the hard^act remain s \hat * do w n in the slums ire a square forty thpueandevotes whioh caft be h tinted % J oli'fi, felly f gainHiffli^ party, Democftitijr Bepub ican, Greenbacker or Hard Money, 'ft makes no difference to them; they Understand that Tammany represents the element which is forninsfc the e&vemnient; imd f6rnins(; the law; and that is all they ■fraut to know to give their allegiance. John Morrissey was the only man who ever grappled suc cessfully with Tammany; but John was a -prize- fighter, aud his strength lay in the fact that he was oho of'them. Prize- fighter arid .gamlfter they eci:\ him to Congress to represent thcnir though to his credit be it rcoorded tliflt many men with ft thiich 'better ch't&'oe; and a far nobler pedigree, were not half as honest as John Morrissey. But, as I said a little while ago, ioboify seems to know anything about oar political future; it looks as though there might be a new deal all around, though at present it is impossible to tell who will hold the trump cards. 'For general cussodness the weftuieir hiis been unexampled in our history a»d if it had not been for my early Ghristiau training I fear the letter of this week would have been (^figured frith unseemly language. A (day or twd 6f moderate sunshine and" warmth has restored the usuM Swe&Aesp; of my temper, and " Richard is hiiiself again.' Scarcely any modern romance tells a fetory like that rovealed in. the trial pf the will rof the late Miss Sarah iWr. He,re was d miserable miserely old wretch, with an income of between two hundred and fifty and three hundred thousand dollars a year, depriving herself and everybody around her of the commonest necessaries of life, and dying in filth and rags, yet leaviiig behiiid her a property valued at nearly f6iir rrtillion <5f dollars to missionary societies, I^ible societies; Snd fract societies of which she knew nothing while she was alive, and wh<J care nothing for her now that she is dead. A Mr. Titm, her agent, and d Mr. Riker appear to have beui thd principal engineers in drawing the old lady's will. Prom present appearance^ there is little doubt that tjie oftiigf ef this vast property was little ntore tliail denlented, diid I sincerely hope that the will may be broken and the proper ty given to the relatives where it be? lorige. Her household effaots and dresses were brought into oourt on the trial, and the whole lot would scarcely have been taken by du Italian rag Eicker. No woman in her senses would ave lived as this miserely old wretch did. If ever & will should be brokert her's is the •vtfill. A riew ordinance has. been passed 'Against hawking, and drider its provis ions four women were arrested the' other day, and in default of a ten dol lar fide were oonimitted to jail. One poor starving creature, who had been guilty df the heinous offence of selling vegetdblsS from a basket aud wild was a wiridd\V; with two little oliildreii dependent on her, drdpped frdiH sheer exhaustion in the oonidor of the jail as they were dragging her to oell. For gers, thieves, mtlrderers and rascals of every degree are walking around ot}r streets unwhipped of. .jugticG; wliile these miserable, starving woriieii tir# torn from their famishing ohildren and, seutenced to imprisrnmont for selling a few vegetables to keep the wolf from the door. Jfever woman suffrage eho^ld Mf-^ i come an accomplished ; :> . Cornell Will npt be elected governor; Sj- , iWladies aredo^'/dR our' ntindspitae* . - "executive, and*jpl8o'.|j]i the- -at^orncy tT general, who they colder sfewla bo ^ tweon thbih and the acoony&Ement; o£ V * their hopes. Thero will aqHtlcss be" * < 'an indignation meeting called at a very carh? day, and when itie,.just stand, from ilTOei'; belter for that govbrnW and that attorney-general "that tlioy never had been born;" or in the lan guage of Horace Mann, " Better that # 'they stood in the lightning's path ,'as it descends from the hea«lwtothe earth ; better for them tied about their neck^HR^^fthey were drowned in tho seal^^^^^_ Serves them both riglit^^WfcPM^all future complications, I am for woman Butfrago; I go in for giving her a chance in the army, the navy, the Indian de . ,partment and Star route contracts. Trusting that I may live to see all these "bright visions realized. »Truly yours, ' Bkoadbrim. 