TALES &SKETCHES.; A "STREET EAKIR" STORY. Br "WaBBES Waetebs. "VVe xrill begin by saying tliafc a person dressed up in a strange, fantastic manner, and going about tlie streets, distributing circulars, selling patent medicines, or advertising some house or business by show-cards, is called a " street fakir." "When Teddy Banter came home in the dis guise of a frog, lizs little girl (Baby Bobinet, as she was called), was rather in doubt at first; but after the father had explained mat ters, the odd dress became a source of per petual delight to her heart. It was Teddy's first employment since rheu matism had taken him prisoner and obliged him to resign the head watclwian's place of the 4 Fidelity Bank.' The humiliation was a grievous one, and Teddy was about to decline weariug the ugly suit, when Baby Bobinct's infantile face came before liim, aud for her sake he concluded, to parade the busy thoroughfares in that dis guise. Teddy's new employer was desirous of intro ducing to the attention of the public a new brand of shaving soap, or toothpicks (I can't now say which), to which he had given the irrelevant title of ' *Tim-jams.' Li the equally irrelevant dress of a frog he meant to attract the eyes of the buying world. Closely-fitting breeches, of green stuif, came to liis bices—continuing from thence down ward in vivid yellow and concluding in broad shoes, painted to represent the splay-footed ex panse of a frog's extremity; a coat, with long and narrow tails, also of green, fitted closely about liis body, and was liberally splotched with black, the breast being of deep yellow; while a mask, with huge, goggle eyes, completed the outfit. Of course the i street arabs' could not resist an instinct, natural to every boy, to pelt Teddy with orange and banana skins, and objects of a more solid character—it ..being, apparently, the incontestable right of every urchin to stone bull-frogs, from iEsop's day down' to the pre sent;'" ^ . Baby Bobinet could not know this, and her. papa's costume was a source of unmitigated pride, in which her delight never lessened. Baby Bobinet was the priceless treasure which Teddy Banker's wife had bequeathed to him some five years before, and the legatee cherished the little sunbeam with a devotion to which all other ob jeets were small indeed. /' Teddy Banker occupied two rooms, with an honest Irish widow, Mrs. O'Glinty, and Baby Bobinet remained in her charge during the tire less wanderings of the 'street fakir.'; ' After her father, no one fostered greater lovo and pride in the little lass than Mrs. Catherine O'Glinty. It would have been, however, a hard heart' that could have resisted the claims of Baby Bobinet to a reigning place among the first ladies of the royal heart- chambcr. Teddy's mortification had lost much of its wire-edge at the time of which I write; although Baby Bobinethadnot yet ceased to. enjoy the costume in an eminent degree. • . . • • r It was somewhere about dusk one day, and the coal-oil lamp was. illuminating the front room, .with its window«looking out upon the rather-out-of-the-way street. Baby Bobinet was seated on the floor, in the, centre of tlie room, surrounded by her collection of marbles, blocks, and miscellaneous toys. Mrs. O'Glinty came in from the kitchen, with a platter in her hand aud an apron thrown over her head—going, as she said, 'to the-corner beyant for a rasher for daddy's bite of supplier.' She had been absent but a moment, when Baby Bobinet was attracted by the closing of the door which opened directly .upon the street. She looked up and saw a slender young man pass hastily through the room. She was attracted by the fur collar he wore about liis throat,* and the hunted expression of liis colour less face. Ashe passed rapidly across the room, he drewa lumdkcrcluef from his pocket and wiped the moisture from his forehead. Baby Bobinet stared in a placid way at tbe intruder's exit, and then went across the room to pick up one of the glass .marbles which had evidently come in contact with the briskly-moving toe of the stranger., Tiie marble had an especial attraction for the little maid; and when Mrs. O'Glintv came in from, the grocer's, she held it up admiringly, that the dame might observe it. * Troth, an' ycr an angel-gossoon—but I can't be afthcr playin' with ye now. Daddy'll be wan tin' his bite, I'll warrant ye; for its sharp the weather is outside, my darlint!' and then she hustled out of the room, with the closing admonition: 'Xow be afther gittin' yer gew gaws in the box! Daddy'll be here in a pig's wJii-tle.3 Baby Bobinct made haste to put up her treasures, the bettor to devote her whole atten tion to the wondrous ' street rig' wliicli only her papa might wear. : * Another incident happened to divert the damsel's attention; and, that, was a second strange face, whose, bearded outlines she saw peering in at the window. . But it was quickly gone also, and Baby Bobinct gave her whole mind to gathering together her valuables. The next evening there -was an event of a much more startling nature, tlic like of wliich was quite beyond lier comprehension. Papa had just come in from the street, and put aside the mask, in order to obtain his daughter's kiss in all its purity, when the door was thrown violently open, and two men laid hands upon the indignant Teddy. Why they should lake him away, or tumultously toss over and examine the boxes, drawers, and bed clothes throughout the house, Baby Bobiuct could never understand ; but they did so. Even the usually sage Mrs. G'Glintj bad no explanations lo offer which could satisfy Bobi net's perturbed mind. That worthy matron's humour oscillated from a tearful mood to spirited denunciations of 4pcrliceincn' and the detective, 'force generally. ■ During the afternoon, Mr. Stickem, the bois terous proprietor of ' Jiui- jams,' called and put a new string on Mrs.- O'GHiutyV Hibernian harp.; Mr. Stickem had come to recover his properties ;• he knew Banker was in trouble, and * in quod'also ; but the public must not suffer for lack of ' Jim-Jamshe must have another man to peregrinate the streets in the suit, that he must; ho really hoped tho detective hud left the suit; it hadn't been u doin' of anything against the peace and dignity of the common wealth. He confessed he would be out of pocket, but'4Jim-Jams' must hot suffer; lie would be obliged to order another suit at once. Sirs. G'Glinty ? persuaded the : aggrieved Stickem to give her 4the bottom facts' con cerning Teddy's arrest, wliich may thus be summarised. - * Some days before, a" fashionably dressed young puin had alighted from his carriage,, in front of - the establishment of Messrs. Asteroid and Carkus,"and had requested to be shown some unset, diamonds. . A tray of gems lmd been placed before liim; and the customer, evidently a connoisseur, had selected one, paying one hundred dollars for it. The gentleman, who was a person of education, had been very' talkative, and had oc cupied considerable time, over the purchase ~ eayiug that, as lie wanted the gem for a birth day gift for his wife, lie must , havo a stone of the best quality. He would call back in a day or two with the drawing of the setting, which he desired the Messrs. Asteroid and Carkus to manufacture. . < Day before yesterday, as Mr. ofcickem ex plained, he carnc back "with tho tvro drawings, and consulted with the clerk. After discussing the matter, he concluded to exchange the one large diamond for two smaller ones. "While engaged in this treaty, Teddy Banker came into the store and left several advertising cards. His odd dress attracted - the attention of the pur chaser, and lie. made some jesting remark to the clerk ; and shortly after lie withdrew, leaving the two diamonds arid . tho drawing in the hands of the attendant;'^ . Mr. Asteroid having occasion to look over the tray of gems the next day, took it from the safe.V Ko' sooner liad he brought the tray for-, ward to the light, than lie exclaimed : : 'Great Mercury! ^Wo'yc'been robbed! These are all paste!' ; " Examination proved it, and more besides.; The tray itself, notwithstanding the worn vel-: vet, was declared to be a make up.; • Iho amazed diamond merchant, now. 5 saw tbe game.' I lie whole trick became dear as day, as it flashed upon him that the firstj visit of uie elegantly- attired gentlemen-was one of discovery, and intended to create .confidence. Tlic customer had carefully studied tlie diamond tray, and prepared ouo.exactly* like it in size and looks, even to the worn and frayed velvet lining. Returning. in a few days, with a- false tray and paste stones, in size and number to correspond with the genuine, lie had parleyed oyer the operation. Pending the discussion and examination of the gems and the drawing, the 'street fakir* had entered, and, in one of the clerk's unwary moments, the false tray had been substituted, and'tho valuables transferred to a convenient receptacle in ther customer's ulster. It was the old 4 stall and sneak; game' 1 in a new shape. v • i ' With all possible despatch, Messrs. Asteroid and Carkus had put the matter in the hands of i .the city detectives, and our hapless Teddy ; Banker had been the first fruits of the official dragnet. , ' I In a few days the trial came on, and Widow ; O'Glinty, with the perversity of her sex, re solved to ' sec: it out.' She could not; resist! the temptation. She had attained sudden dignity among her neighbours; the arrest of 1 her boarder elevated 'her into a.prominent position in their eyes ; and in response to the unanimous views of the folks, nothing less was ' expected of her. i Through the interposition of a policeman, a somewhat distant relative, slie managed to 1 secure a scat'way to the front.* ■ . ; : Baby Bobinetwas there, too—for the good , woman conceived that anything short of that I would be doing something less than her whole j dirty. Baby Sobinet looked bewitching in a ; clean, white dress, with a blue sprig and a blue i ribbon in her curling locks—Mrs. O'Glinty j having bestowed much muscle and . care in! .'doing up the darlint's dress.'. | ; It wa3 with the utmost difficulty, that. the j damsel could be restrained from rushing toward 1 the dock in search of her papa's strong arms ; j but by means of specious promises the child was detained, and made to amuse herself with several marbles, which Mrs. O'Glinty had in duced Baby Bobinct to bring with her, to relieve the tedium of the trial. Tire court assigned a young man of clever attainments to defend Toddy Banker; and lo the evident discomfiture of Mr. Asteroid, it now looked as if the complainants would not be able to secure Teddy's conviction. Aside from the f frog dress,' there was nothing but good to be heard of the prisoner. The Fidelity Bank had a good character to bestow on him, 1 through the testimony of one of its officers, and there was no past bad records to jissail Teddy. While Mr. Allen, Teddy's counsel, was in the midst of an eloquent defence of his client, in which Mrs. O'Glinty was thoroughly ab sorbed, to the neglect of ,.Baby Bobinct, that young lady, whose thoughts were nil with her lather, managed to slip quietly off the seat, and was industriously picking her way through the crowd to the' dock.' Mrs. O'Glinty happening to look around, discovered the loss of Iierjpro lege. I 4 Wliirrah• whirrah! an' whcrc's the childcr j elhrolled away to ?' exclaimed the excited j woman. This exclamation, reaching Baby Bobinet's ' ears, naturally hastened her steps towards her | father's side. The toe of her chubby foot catching in the i matting, the little lass fell prone upon the floor; and from between her fingers escaped the glass marbles, one of them rolling to tlio feet of the prosecutor., He pounced upon it like a hawk, looked at it for a momeut, and then, starting up, with the article between his lingers, held it aloft, so , that every eye could see it.- j ; 1 Your honour, here is one of tho diamonds I which were stolen from me! • The tliiers child has timiod State's evidence l* - I There was a moment of silence, in which I one might have heard the beating of his own heart—a" moment of deep quiet,* brokctr at length by a stern voice, which cried aloud: , 'Whoever calls my Baby Bobinct a thiefs child is a liar 7' ' ' Then jumping over the rail, before the officer could prevent him, the prisoner picked up Baby Bobinet, and kissed her again and again, while the teaw ran down his cheeks. Baby Bobinet, pleased beyond words, laughed and crowed merrily at once more finding herself in papa's arms. A child's laugh — a strange sound indeed to bo heard in such a place—a laugh so innocent, so pure, so musical, that it must have startled the ghosts of by- gone perjuries, and oaths, and mockeries, which haunt the modern temples of justice. • ■ r . , How it touched the hearts of the spectators, and penetrated the breasts of those who from day to day had grown callous from the continual hearing of theft and murder and all unclean ness! For a moment the damnatory evidence of Baby Bobiuct was forgotten, as they saw her sparkling eyes and rosy cheeks—many wishing God mighthave caused just such ahttle blossom to bloom in their hearts. - : ' r; The young advocate's soul sunk within liim at this episode; he was convinced of Teddy Banker's innocence; but it seemed as if Baby Bobinet hud clinched a felon's chain about her father's wrist. A thought, however, struck liim;1 and he re solved, if possible, to turn the incident to the advantage of his client. 'At once addressing the judge, he said:— r' Your honour, in view of this' unexpected; revelation, I would like to ask this child some questions. The prisoner assures mo that lie knows nothing about this gom; and we will explain away tJiis matter—for however dark it may look, there is no desire on our part to con ceal anything.' The gentlemen on tlic other side smiled de risively, but did not object to letting the child testify. i - , . : Taking Baby Bobinet from her father's arms, Mr. Allen, placed her upon the table. She seemed a trillc dazed, and looked with wonder at the great crowd. ...» : The judge asked lier a- few questions,. to which she returned intelligent: answers. He then remarked that whoever would doubt the, simple word of such an innocent creature would not be satisfied with any oath. . Teddy Banker looked at his child through misty eyes, as he brokenly said: 'Now, Bobinet, you must answor these gen tlemen, and tell them the truth.' Papa is here, and no harm shall come to you 1* With childish simplicity Baby Bobinet smiled, back an answer, and then" threw liim a kiss from her rosy linger tips. • , 'Bobinet, where did you get tluit diamond ?' asked lawyer Allen. She looked questioningly at her father, and he said to his attorney: , ... „ 1 Show her the diamond, call it a marble, and she will answer you.' . ' ' This , pretty glass marble, Bobinet ! . Did your papa, give it to you ?' questioned the kiwyear. -, , 'j\o,sir; the mans lost it!' 'Whatman, Bobinet?' , ' • >«. ' A mans wis a white face, what corned frcw and frighted Bobinet.' . - 'Where was Bobinet?' : - . 'Me plavin'on a floor wif my finga.". . 'AVhcre was papa?' • 'Tumin'-hoinc.' ' "Where was Mrs. O'Glinty ?' 'Dittin'lings for papa's supper.' v 'What did the man say?' •• , 'Nufln—liim just run'd frcw !' : ' Did he give the marble to you?' ' Petty marble coined out o' his pocket when he went (lis way.' Here Bobinet mopped her little white fore head with a tinv handkerchief, i' Din't you show it to anyone?' • ; * • 'Troth, an' she did, sar!' exclaimed Mrs. O'Glinty, rising to her feet; 'an' X thought it was only wan of her old marbles—which I say now it ain't, sar ' Nevermind now, madam—wc will hear you presently!' said the judge. ' An'it's the truth I'm tcllin'yccs! Teddy Banker's no thafc!' d'ye moind that, sar !' I Mrs. O'Grinty was. suppressed, and Mr. Allen , began again to question Bobinet. ='Now, my dear little girl, arc you sure your | papa never liad it ?—never gave it to you ?' / 'Papancvcrsccd.it—tiiuse the mens looked him away.' Can you tell mc how the man that dropped the marble looked?' ' ' 'lie was a long mans, an' hud a woolly ling ; arouud his froat.' 'Your honour,' spoke up Detective Starke, ' I lost a man, answering that description, in i that very neighbourhood.' ' An' a man9 looked in the window affcr a bit,'said Bobinet. ' Your honour,' explained the detective,' I did look in the window, und saw this very child ! on t he floor.' . ' Now, Bobinet,' asked Mr. Allen, anxiously, ! ' try and loll us what day you saw this man?' I 'They took papu'way'next day/ , I Wicn crossed examined it was impossible to | break Bobinet's testimony in the slightest de gree. The prosecution were obliged to desist. The unruffled sweetness of Baby Bobinct.'s temper, through all the badgering, was remark able. All thought* of his own perilous position were chased away from the father by his ad miration of his daughter's sweet serenity. The testimony of the detective : and Mrs. O'Glinty went to confirm Bobinet's story.; ; • And now a new sensation was introduced, when another frog dress was brought into* I court, which must have been made tor a twin (.'brother ot Teddy Banker. This »lmd boon i found bv an oflioer, and it began to seem pos i sible that another person than the prisoner had i assisted ut the robbery. ... • ^ It-was certainly anuxed-up ease, and,to con-' viet upon ouch slight evidence would have been manifestly/mrpis!. Ho at least, thought tlio = jury, and father and daughter went out of court amid the cheers of the audience. ^ v. J ; Fuels came to light shortly, thereafter, which, t establish Teddy's innocence beyond : cavil Two well-known thicves .wereV run in,' the/ crime was placed.wlicre it justly belonged, and Messrs. Asteroid and Carkus woro enabled to * recover the bulk of their property.. . . ;} ■: Dear Xittle BnbyJ3obinet, when she * grows ' up,'can wear the pretty glass marble, which , came so near sending her father lo a felon's r cell—for tjic diamondmerchants had it set in a ring for her, as 6omo reparation for their false f accusation. 