" ETEliNAL HOPE, OR REPENTANCE AFTER DEATH." LECTURE BY THE REV. JOSEPH COOK, IN EXETER HALL, TUESDAY EVENING, MAT 24, DR. OSWALD- DYKES IN THE •'.'HAIR. Almighty God is undoubtedly here to-night, aud I would have this disci's.-ion conducted on our knees, i'or one, I have made up my miud uot to go out of the world trusting my personal ohauces of eternal peace to the opportunity of repentance after death. What I will not do for myself I will not recommend to others. I must speak to-niglit first practically, then theoretically, &ncl; then exegetically : and I aui anxious at the very outset to secure your devout attention by an experiment. I. T'EACTICALLT. Is there any man or woman bjre, a father, a mother, a man of business, a man engaged in statesmanship or politics, an unbeHever, sceptic filled with doerrinal unrest—is there any ciild here so uninstructed and thoughtless as t<, !:> 3 ready to rise and s ly that lie or she is williug to go out • . this wirld trusting chances of eternal peace to the opt. "tunitjr of repentance beyond the veil If any rfuu,- -an.'fJ here, let that individual speak out. We belie vf vi experiment as the test of truth : nothing tests d ane like putting it in practice. "Thou shalt not steal I ail willing to act on that injunction ; to r put life' . ...•) ole freight upon it ; to conduct the affairs of nation s by it " Thou shalt not commit adultery." < r e are; all v,fling to rest the whole weight of our hoi ,i>.i upoji ' liat proposition. But here is the insidious pr. 'i.-e s;!ade lv a limp, mucilaginous, unscientific li:>tj.-k : -u. Miat' whether we repent here or not, we ar vci-y sui,; to be led to repentance hereafter, so t .at u1timi/;ely, all men are to be brought into an >' p ,'ace. Are you willing to place the weight of yo _ lesnipon :hat proposition : of your churches : of yO'i: ments—nay, ar< career to the tru • here willing, as trusting to the op let him rise up ai the seductive clauiu imi.i! life ; of your social avrangei willing t.i trust one individual 1IT tint promise. 1 - If there is anyone pructi.-al matter, to go out of this life n-t unity of repentance after death, ' say so. What have we to do with of days on this scheme ? As a practical matter, we set;le it in advance for ourselves, that the doctrine has no s 10h certainty as to justify our allegiance. In practice, you say 1 .H-.L those who teach the doctrine of Eternal Hope do noti._.rt men to trust to the opportunity of repentance aftm •. ?atli. And this I know is the truth, but 1 am to ?peak fi this doctrine as a practical matter ; at least at the out set, I mean to treat this theme in its practical effect at la £ts in society ; and my affirmation, which I believe no on .' can contradict with success, is that the usual outcome with the thoughtless, and with the mass of the comnium v, 0f preaching this doctrine with emphasis is, that t . ;y learu to depend in a vague way on the opportunity of repentance after death. Although such dependence is not inculcated directly, it does spring up, and the outcome of the doctrine of Eternal Hope is that me., loan on time beyond the veil for opportunity to do that which the Scriptures insist should be done to-day and now. The tone of much of on \ r iodern preaching appears to ma to be quite astray fwm, tho Bible on this topic, for surely I should never lea a from the Bible to depend upon the opportunity of rt .ientance after death. " A 010 is the accepted time ; now : s the day of salvation." Urgency, according to the H uy Word, is laid upon the present moment; and readers, generation after generation, aud century after century, have come out of the Scriptures with faces pale, for fear that this life is the only probation. Nay,.I suppose it is fair to say that seventy or eighty out of every hundred of devout students of the Bible have drawn from it the doctrine which we call orthodox and evangelical—the proposition, namely, that this life is a probation, and that theifo is no second probation for those who go out of this life, loving what God hates, and hatiug what God loves. I, like your chairman, think there is no certainty on thit theme to be obtained except from revelation; but as I am speaking to those wno care for reason and practical experiment, let me put the matter in the boldest way at tho outset. You dare not act your own doctrine out t >r yourselves; you dare not depend on tho opportunity ef repentance after death tor any one dear to you. By i' much as a father, a mother, a son, a daughter, a betrothed one, a wife is dear to me, by so much I should advise that person to beware of leaning on that insidious hope, that after death opportunity will be given for rope itance postponed here, l'ou dare not go out of life possessed of dissimilarity ot feeling with God. Corwin, the governor of o:ue of tho American commonwealths, once met a runaway slave, whom he had known in Kentucky in the home of a kind master. This governor was noted for his quick repartees. He said to the negro, " Did you not have m^ney and clothing and food enough in your master's home, south of tho Uhio 1 J- did," was tho answer. "Very well; here you are m rags. I must infer you made a mistake iu running away." " Governor Corwin," said tho negro, " the situation and, if you ] no one by nam*., A m UUj tu m • . u mi i'-* \- - . .. turn to any fore.nost reproMontative of tlio doctrine or Eternal Hope, and say, you uftirw that there is an opportunity of repontancc after death ; you think that not only does tho ability of the soui t.b repent continue, as everyone admits, but that tho Willingness of the soul is a probability; aud on this ylu base your doctrine ot Eternal Hope. I say to any! such representative ot this docrtiue: Tho situation boyoud death is open, with all its advantages. Do you purpose to go and occupy it P Not lie, not you, not I—in our senses. II. THEORETICALLY, Entering now upon a theoretical consideration of njy subject, pardon me if I open this New Version of the Sacred Word, and read to you ccrtain central principles on which I purpose to plant myself. As a summary of the whole Book of Revelation, and, indeed, of the whole current of sacred discussion, we find these great principles standing on the last page:—" He that is unrighteous, let him do unrighteousness still (or still more); and lie that is filthy, let him be made filthy still (or yet more); and he that is righteous, let him do righteousness still (or yet more); and he that is holy, be made holy still (or yet more)." (Rev. xxii. 11.) Here is proclaimed the doctrine that character tends to afinai permanence either good or bad ; and that is a truth of reason as well as of revelation, and ought to commend itself to anyone who loves the study of human nature. This indisputable tendency is confessed in all philosophies, in all the great literatures—indeed, in all the religions of the globe. This same searching sentiment you may read in the famous Eastetn proverb—" He who sins repeatedly impairs his judgment, and he whose judgment is impaired sins repeatedly." He who sins against light impairs his judgment and continues to sin against light ; and thus the penalty of sinning against light reduplicates its own cause. This is a great central doctrine of all great literature since the world began. Shakespeare tells us— But when we iu our viciousuess grow hard, The wise gods seal our eyes ; Iu our own slime drop our clear judgments; make us Adore our errors, laugh at us wliile we strut To our contusion. There is nothing more certain than that character, under Jixtd natural law, does tend to assume a final pcrina?icnce. Character is not really moral character unless freedom of will is retained ; but, without losing any freedom of will, character tends to crystallise itself here, and grow into a final permanence ; and, if you please, it is selfevident that a final permanence can come but once. Let us resolve to-night to be mercilessly straightforward whether we are on the popular or unpopular side of this theme. Let us resolve to be clear, candid, biblical, scientific—for I hold that whatever is truly biblical will turn out to be in harmony with all the other revelations God has made of Himself. The Bible is the noon, and every other source of knowledge is as the rushlight; but the rushlight and the noon do not contradict each other. If there be in our age many who are blinded to the noon, and who care for the rushlight more than for the sun in heaven, I would lead them first by the rushlight, until they come out of their cave and learn to gaze at the sky without being blinded, and at the sun of revelation. I ask you to take this great principle, that character tends to a final permanence, and support it by what you know of human nature. Notice that the Bible .supports it and plants itself upon it. In Mark iii. 29 we read, " He that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation." So the old translation read; but now we must read (Revised Version) " is guilty of an eternal sin." How far reaching that phrase "eternal sin" is! and how closely it touches the very heart of the theme to-night. 1I0W LONG WILL SIN CONTINUE. Answer that question, and I will answer the other— how long will its punishment continue r The query for us to raise in the first place is not how long the punishment of sin may endure, but how long sin may endure. We are agreed that if sin be et.rnal, its punishment will be so. Dean Alford says, " From the fact that one sin hath never forgiveness, it is a fair inference that the sin itself is eternal."' Another writer calls this phrase, eternal sin," one of the most deep-reaching that the Scriptures contain. Alford says, " It is to the critical treatment of the Holy Word in the original tongue that we owe the restoration to popular use of such deep phrases as these." Eternal sin ! This terrific scriptural phrase was not in the old translation . it is in the new. The doctrine is here taught, as it is taught in the famous passage in the close of Revelation—that the tiire will come when it will be proclaimed that he who is filthy shall be filthy still, and that lie who is holy shall be holy still, and that thus character, under the fixed natural laws by which its final permanence is attained, will drift into eternal sin, or eternal righteousness, with their consequences. I hope to show that that is the biblical doctrine. I am persuaded that it is a doctrine consonant with reason and in entire harmony with all that we know of human nature from the philosophers, the poets, the ethical teachers, and especially from all that we have learned by the modem scientific discussion of Conscience. Suppose that we have sitting on this platform any three men distinguished for nobility of character—Dr. Chalmers, and Prince Albert, and George Washington. Suppose that at the other end of the hall three men distinguished for baseness—say, Nero, Richard III., and the American, Aaron Burr. I do not know that Richard III. was as bad as Shakespeare makes him out to be, but he will serve for an illustration as one whose character has been delineated in letters of fire by your great dramatist. Those three men retain freedom of will, and these three are yet free agents. It is possible for those three yonder to reform : it is possible for these three to lose their virtue. Neither those three yonder nor these three here are under any fate: and yet we are accustomed to say that it is not probable that the men yonder will transform themselves into a character like that of the three here, and that it is not probable that the three here will debase themselves so to become moral brethren of the three yonder. We are accustomed to say, not that any necessity governs these cases, but that there is a certainty iu the cases. We distinguish between certainty and necessity in all our practical reasonings. Wc do not affirm, concerning the three yonder, that they cannot go back over the brink they seem to have passed. Retaining freedom, they yet have gone over the brink : and although they can, it is probable that they will not reform. These men can go over the brink, but although they can, we think it tolerably certain they will not. These six men are not myths ; they are indisputable tacts, illustrating whole ranges of facts in our ordinary human experience. Multitudes of national proverbs speak of the inveteracy of sin ; and out of its inveteracy does not easily arise its evanescence. Out of the prolonged love of what God hates, and the prolonged hate of what God loves, comes the inveteracy of this love or hate : and inveteracy may lead to permanence. And is it not possible that this tendency, which is so clearly revealed here, may go on, and that the character at last, without losing freedom, may attain a fixity on the good o r H i<le ? Surely we see a tendency towards that condition 1 s here. It is one of the indisputable facts of human nature that character does tend to a filial permanence ; but if so, what have we to say concerning the next world P Plato used to tell us that " the laws of the next world are brothers to the laws of this." I liava no reason to affirm that if character here and now tends to a final perniaueuco, it will not do so beyond the grave. You say, " More light is to be given after death." How do you know we shall see it:' More light is given here. There are two questions to be asked about this greater light which is supposed to ccme to the spirit after death. Will the soul see it, will the soul love itMore light has come to Nero, Richard III., and Aaron Burr, as they grew older. Have they seen it r Even if they have seen it—have they loved it't We must remember that virtue iu order to secure blessedness must amount to holiness. It is a necessity of the universe that there cannot be blessedness without holiness ; but holiness requires free, full, iiiiectiouate self-surrender of the soul to God. Are those mou likely to come to such a self-surrender'i They have sinned against light hero, and have destroyed their sensitiveness to the truths neoded to rectify their condition. They have so misusod oil- faculties that judicial blindness has come upon them. When the massacre of St. Bartholomew was being planned by the conspirators, one of the kings of France was importuned to consent to the murder of Admiral Coligny. You remember that the king resisted for awhile, and finally gave way with these memorable words :—" Assassinate Admiral Coligny, but leave not a Huguenot alive in my kingdom to reproach me." Thus came the massacre of St. Bartholomew. When the soul is asked to assassinate some holy motive, at first it resists for awhile, but when it does give way it often uses similar words to this French king:—" Assassinate this holy motive; kill Admir.il Colingy, but do not leave in my mind any accusing Huguenot. Remove from me all the light that can reproach me." Thus may perish the desire to be holy. If a man lose that, can he attain blessedness ? Confucius, on the Yellow Sea, said, "Heaven means principle" (though I believe that heaven is a place as well as a condition); and is it not possible for a man permanently to lose principle? If he does thus lose it, can God confer upon him blessedness ? What is my definition of perdition ? It is the permanent failure of the soul to attain similarity of feeling with God, and the consequence of such failure. I will not say what the consequences are in detail, but this I know, that if the soul is not delivered from the love of sin and the guilt of sin it ought not to have peace in this universe ; and there is such a thing under natural law as a soul drifting on and on, until, in a final permanence of character on the bad side, it may lose the desire to be holy. When that is lost, I hold that even God cannot force upon a being anything properly called blessedness, because there can be no blessedness without holiness. One of your Welsh Triads says that even God cannot make sin happy. You remember Lady Macbeth's blood- curdling prayer just before the murder of Duncan. The playof Macbeth is a great treatise on consequence, and probably nothing in it is more moving, from a philosophical point of view, than the prayer Lady Macbeath offers up as Duncan approaches her castle :— The raven himself is hoarse, That croaks the fatal entrance of Duncan Under my battlements. Come, come, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here ; And fill me from the crown to the toe, top-full Of direst cruelty! make thick my blood, Stop up the access and passage to remorse, That no compunctious visitings of nature Shake my fell purpose, nor keep peace between The effect and it! Come to my woman's breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murd'riug ministers. Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on Nature's mischief! Come, thick niglit, And pall thee in the duunest smoke of hell ! That my keen knife see not the wound it makes: Nor Heaven peep through the blanket of the dark, To cry " Hold ! hold !'' This prayer was answered. Judicial blindness came to the woman who sinuoi against light; and judicial blindness is the cause, or at least the chief origin, of the continuance of the soul in sin. Every gin against light draws blood on the spiritual ret na. All the great mythologies ; indicate that this is the result of sinning against light. Go to Greenland with the German philosopher, Dr. Rank?, and study the mythology of that people, which never, in the period during which it was forming its mythology, had been brought iu contact with Christianity. I would cite the old Greek mythology, but you would say that in various ways Christian ideas have colored it. The mythology of Greenland tells us that when a sorcerer takes a strip of sealskin and makes a stirrup of it for hi-? foot, and winds it round his limbs, three times round his loins aud waist, three times round his neck, five times rouud his braiu, and knots it before his eyes— then that sorcerer, when the lamps are put out at night, may rise into space and fly whithersoever his leading passion dictate-?. How subtle all that imagery is ! We make a stirrup out of our love of what God hates, and hate of what God loves ; we wind it round our limbs, three times round our neck, five times rouud the brain, aud knot it before the eyes, and when the lamps of life are put out iu death, we, too, rise into space aud Hy whithersoever our leading passion dictates. Do you think that I am trying to make my topic terii- ble ? I am simply interpreting facts known to all men. These thoughts are in the hearts of all who study human nature in its depths. He who sins against light impairs his judgment; ho whose judgment is impaired sins against light; and he who does both these things goes on doing them. Therefore, my friends, it is not enough for us to see this single certainty, that character tends to a final permanence, in order to be brought to a pa-ise in our inculcation of the doctrine of Eternal Hope ? I do not say when probation ends. I cannot determine this pm'nt by ray reason, but I think this Book determines it. I think the Bible utters no uncertain tone on the matter. But mere reasou does show that character tends to a final permanence; that the tendency does go on; and that whether the brink be reached in this world or in the next, when it is reached it is reached. We must not talk of a second probation after a first probation when a final permanence of character is attained. A permanence cannot be at once final and not final. As the stream runs, so it digs its channel; and as it digs its channel, so it runs; and when it has once dug its channel deeply enough, it doeB not change its course. You say, God has not fairly treated Nero and Richard III. and Aaron Burr. Why do you not complain of the natural laws under which these men have been trained? It is the very God of those three men who governs the three here. The same law under which those have attained to final pre-eminence of bad character, or something like it, is the law under which these three have attained the opposite. You complain that prolonged moral penalty is the result of momentary transgression; why not complain of the natural laws uuder which prolonged physical penalty is the result of momentary transgression? Such is the fact; and we believe that God is good. YeSj you say, but iny doctrine, after all, runs into the conclusion that sin may be eternal, and whoever believes that cannot believe that God is good. You face me with the chief objection of the sentimental school in theology—viz., that we cannot believe in God's Fatherhood, in His infinite goodness, if sin is to continue for ever; an eternity of evil would disprove the Divine goodness. There has been already an eternity of evil, for ought you and I know. There are two eternities—an eternity of the past and an eternity to come. I do not refer merely to evil, but to sin. And how are you to prove that God is good_ now, when, after the passage of an eternity, He allows sin to exist ? I cannot prove by mere reason that sin has always existed; but here we are at the end of one eternity and sin is here, and yet we believe God is good. The truth is, that the argument which proves that sin will come to an end involves principles which would prove that it should never have begun ; but it has begun, and optimism must adjust itself to this fact of experience, (To be continuedJ On Wednesday, December 21, a very interesting and pleasing ceremony took place in Flinders-street Presbyterian Church, when at the close of the usual weekevening service, the pastor, the Rev. James Lyall, was presented with a purse containing £122 7s. Mr. D. Murray, J.P., in making the presentation spoke in feeling terms of Mr. Lyall's ministry for a quarter of a century amoDg them, during that time there had been mutual esteem and friendship of the heartiest kind, and he hop'ed Mr. Lyall would be long spared to his family and Church. Mr. Lyall feelingly replied, and thanked them for their handsome gift, which was totally unexpected. He reciprocated the kind expression of Mr. Murray, and hoped that his health would permit him to carry out his duties with increased zeal and vigor. 