TO CORRESPONDENTS. " Sturt's Meadows."—If all the fat and pieces of fiesli be carefully scraped off kangaroo skin's there is little difficulty in curing them so as to be useful for rugs by rubbing in either alum, salt, or woodashes, provided they be properly stretched. For tanning them with bark the following is recom mended as a good recipe:—Chop wattlebark into short pieces and bruise it on a log or block, boil in water for about four hours, then strain the liquor into a tub or trough, lay the skins in the liquor flesh side up, making sure to wet every part. Leave them in foi'about three days, then take them out and wring them as you would clothes; spread on a board, and scrape with a blnnt knife, taking off all loose cuticle and flesh. Lay them as before in another tub ; leave , them two days, then wring and scrape as before. Next put them in the liquid again and leave them one day; wring and scrape as before. Lay them on a line in a shed till they are dry, taking care not to leave them too long. Take them down whan they are as firm as shoemakers' leather; lay them on a board and rub the inside with a brick for about two minutes. The skins will then be lit for making an excellent rug. The wattle is an acacia. " D. McCarthy," writing with reference to the tragedy in Phtenix Park, says:—"I have often de fended to a certain extent the action of my country men in the brawliug with their landlords, but I am very much afraid that this cruel and bloodthirsty deed will greatly lessen my sympathy with regard to future acts in my native country ; that is if this deed has been done by trueborn Irishmen, who are members of the Catholic Church." He goes on to say tliat it was a pity that Lord Cavendisti and Mr. Burke were not cautioned by the authorities not to expose themselves unless they were armed, and adds:—"The parties who committed the outrage, whoever they may be, are enemies to Ireland, and such men are the murderers of a bleeding and dis tracted country." " R. C."—Previous to the recent reductions in the Vatican establishment, the total number of persons who resided there, or were immediately connected with it, was 537. The Pope, Major-Oomo, Grand Almoner, and other principal officers numbered 14; the Secretary of State's establishment, 29; palace administration, 13; secret printing-office, 8; and the apostolic ante-chamber had a deau, 23 couriers, 3 orderlies, and 3 servants. Besides these the Pope had a valet ancl six other servants, and there were 200 men in the S riss guard and Pontificial gendar merie, of whom 23 were married. " A. M. T."—Gale's best performance was 1,500 miles in 1,000 consecutive hours. Constant Reader," Port Adelaide.—We cannot give a positive answer, but we belive in Gippsland, Victoria. "C. C."—The Rev. Isaac Hanks, for many years '.pastorof the IndependentChapelatMalmesbury, fell down dead just as he had given out his text one Sunday evening, about seven years ago. Strange to say his text was—"But man dieth, and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he V "Fowl Breeder," in reply to a correspondent, writes"Scaly legs in fowls may be cured by bathing the legs in luke warm water twice a day, and rubbing them with sulphur ointment." " Australian."—The first section of the Nairne railway will probaby be opened about next Christ mas. "Benedict."—The registrar's fee for a marriage licence is £3, hut there is nothing to regulate the charges made'by ministers. " Resident."—The Ardrossan jetty is 1,425 feet long. "J. Straw." — The doctor takes the higher position. " J. E. S."—Mr. Coleman's Crystal has won only one Corinthian Cup in Adelaide. He ran a dead head for third'place in the second Corinthian Cup for which he started. " T. L."—The Earl of Norbury was murdered near his own house, Kilbeggan, County Meath, Ireland, on January 1, 1839. The assassin was never dis covered, though a reward of £1,000 with an annuity of £>00 was offered for his apprehension. " Enquirer," North.—1. The Insolvency Act re quires that the meeting of creditors shall be called by the debtor, and that the creditors shall have three clear days' notice of the' time and place, of meeting. The chairman of the meeting is the person to decide whether the time and place of such meet ing are convenient for the majority of the creditors. 2\. The present time of the year is the best for lopping gumtrees. " J. G. Schake."—A Id. stamp is not sufficient for a letter containing a receipt such as you describe. "Circulars, i.e., letters printed, engraved, or lifcho graved, addressed in identical terms to several persons, name and date only being allowed to be written in ink, can passat parcel rates if unenclosed, or in covers open at both ends, so as to admit of inspection.'.' 