CORRESPONDENCE, ^Wij^^^ THE VERY KEV. DR. CANI. ^»^^ TO THE EDtTOB OF THE HOP NI KO BÜLLETCK. SIB, -Great and --unn^MMÉfltydnT&Ti;íáving been wrongfully excWIKÇàSfctÎhe Very Kev. Dr. Cam among eorqî of hi« Suck at Rock- hampton, by the'publication af a famous " protest," and by the reports of unseemly and ill-advised disoussionB, recently indulged in by some professed catholics there,-will , yon have the goodness to reprint in your colamos the enclosed communication from the Queensland Times. ^ Possibly some few may not relish having the » scaleB of prejndioe removed from theireyes; but m instinctive love of fair play will render it JË pleasing to all fair-minded catholics to have £? their minds disabused of unworthy mis-jM representations concocted by a petty clique, J^B acainst their bùiboD elect. . JSH Youra sc., WÊ^m . CITIZEN. '^^B Brisbane, May 6, 1882. TH We give tbe principal positions ol a ver^Hj long letter :- j|H " To anpredjuiced minds, few indeed amonBH living priests have such deep and manifolHH claims on the lasting gratitude of Catholics mSB Queensland. Not to mention other works, arjW not the Cathedral and the fine commodious*! brick buildings that bare replaced the old slabJO humpies in Nudgee Orphanage monuments oRS his pious zeal during his former administrais tidn t Observant Catholics have seen and canSH not forget how, since then-preferring duty táW ease-Cod's glory and the salvation of souls tia/Ê personal comfort or private interest-Dr. CanBKJ with piety that shunned ostentation, has hejHn devotedly occupied in arduous raissionaSjM labourers. They have seen him, thotuHH advanced in years, earnestly toiling amid thj^H hardships and discomforts of Northern QueepBH land under the blaze of a tropical ann, whjBflJ certain of those polite " administrators "ipj|H younger men and less experienced priests?r4|l who assailed bim with their eonedenlioM^i protest, were cozily basking in the undisturbed^ enjoyment of palatial luxury in mora favoured ^ paints of their Master's vineyard, - " And now, after long years of humble on. remitting labour, the placing of the crozier in . his hands is a meet recognition of his genuine worth. The mitre will rest with becoming^ grace and dignity on a head blanched in tn£17 active and fruitful service of religion anHE oharity. Long and successfully may he?' wear it, and may he be. endowed with|pj heavenly grace and wisdom to administer th»*SE sacred functions of so responsible an office in all things agreeably to the Divine will, To^f* this thousands of tongues will respond a« fervent'Amen.' For,in truth, the.appoint-S: ment of this venerable priest to the M*r-$ bishopric brings real joy to the heart of every ^ Catholic who knows bim, save only that in» significant few to whom bis elevation means discomfiture and personal disappointment. '. i On behalf of these and their prejudiced ; partisans, pious Catholics . will charitably pray, 'Father, forgive them." The correspondent of the Queensland Times appends to his letter the following copy of Archbishop Vaughan's reply, tc the protest, recently-published by us, from some twenty priests of the diocese, against Dr. Cam's appointment as administrator :-- à Sydney, sid October, ISSI. Í De» Rev. Father Breen,-Kow that the sad rites connected with the death of and month's mind for the late lamented Bishop of Brisbane are over, I hasten to acknowledge tue receipt of a *'protest," signed and sent to me by a larga number of the ?> clergy, against the appointment of the Very Rev. Dr. Cam ss administrator "«is. vtuante" of the diocese of Brisbane. 1\. Nothing, I can assure the rev. clergy, would give me a greater personal plearure than to meet their wishes when I can do so with a peaceful conscience. But (a) The Very Rev. Dr. Csnl had already been appointed when the protest arrived. And had each not been the case, I should have been open to the censure of the Holy öee if I ' bad accepted the nomination by the clergy in the way proposed, as no rescript has bean granted to this province so to modify common ' law, or to overlook the qualifications mentioned by tue Sacred Canons. S. Regarding the plea put forward by the rsv. clergy against the appointment of the Very Rev. Dr. Oanf-1 namely, his maladministration of the diocese during the BiBhop'B absence-the late Bishop, under tbe mest solemn circumstances- when the deepest interests of religion depended on hts carefully considered Judg. ment-emphatically recorded a declaration to the contrary, to be forwarded In Ihn TTnli lniu'lll'liMj mk_ which declaration 1, at tins moment, have under nn?^ eyes. ? Dear Rev. Fathers, let us-as t do dally-pray the ' Holy Ghost to send a Bishop to Brisbane according to his own heart. Let us not In any way make ouraaTves unworthy of so great a grace, whUst with best blessing anti wishes to ali the rev. clergy, I am, dear Rev. Father Breen, Your faithful servant in christ, . . t ROOKa BKOE, Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan. The Ber. James li. Breen, Secretary. 