®he Urtetane tëmtvk ? SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1SS2 Tun great Milburn Creek Copper Com- pany case has been before the Supreme Court o£ Nexv South Wales for six days, .and lias resulted, as was generally expected, in no verdict. The jury could not agree. The defendants have been discharged on their bail to appear again if required to .stand their trial once more ; but it seems to be generally supposed that we have now heard the last of the Milburn Creek " con- spiracy to defraud," so far ns any further legal prosecution is concerned. Still, the case must, strictly speaking, he held to be sub judiee, and the comments on it in New South Wales have consequently been somewhat reserved. This rule, except so far as cour- tesy is concerned, can scarcely.be applied to the Press of the neighbouring colonies. But there is really not much good purpose to be served by re-discussing the whole scandalous affair. The sifting to which the series of transactions lins now been sub- jected, in a six days' trial, brings out the real merits of the case more clearly than ever. Whatever may be the opinion as to whether these directors and trus- tees of the Milburn Creek Company have been guilty of the technical crime imputed to them, there can be no doubt as to the very questionable nature of the claims which they professed to have against the Government. The Chief Justice, in putting the case to the jury, gave a short history of the incep- tion of the case. " There xvas a peculiarity about the xvhole of this matter," as Sir James Martin said, " to which he would call Hie attention of the jury." And then he proceeded to give a brief sketch of the Milburn Creek caso before it reached its later stages. There had been a dispute as to the possession of certain property in the form of a mining leasehold. That dispute xvas decided by a Judge of the Supreme Court and a jury against the Mil- burn Creek Copper Company. That decision again was sustained by the Full Court on an application for a new trial. A new trial xvas refused. There Hie matter ought to have ended. There was no case for arbi- tration, much less for compensation. The Milburn Creek Copper Company had been ejected. Tiley had no claim, as Chief Justice Martin averred-not a leg to stand on ; and yet, hav- ing originally misled the Government into granting them a lease, they claimed compensation for a loss on accountof it, which was leally the consequence of their own act. They pushed their case, however, as vvc all know, .and having apparently a good deal of inllueiice at head quarters, they induced the Government lo go to arbitration. The award followed, then the amount was placed on the Estimates, and then it xvas voted by Parliament. Here it is that the case against Mr. baker and his co-trnslees commences. Did they distribute that £17,198 honestly? Tliey were bound lo do so, and the question which really xvent lo the jury was that. On this question the jury could come to no decision. Probably the turning point of the case, ns put to the jury by the Chief Justice, was to be found in the ansxver to the question xvhich ho propounded to Hiern : " Did the trustees, xvlieii they made their statement to tile meeting at Blayney, in July, 1881, conceal the real facts of the expenditure by misrepresenting or with- holding the truth from the shareholders ?" If tliey did they were conspiring to defraud ; yet the Chief Justice also laid down tlie law to be that if, having the money in their hands, and having a claim against one another, they deducted from the amount even more than they were entitled to, that would only be a matter of account, and not of conspiracy. The gravamen, therefore, of the con- spiracy, if there was any, depended upon whether there xvere misrepresentations as to the destination of the money. It was upon this issue, for that was the issue dwell upon with most force by the Judge, that the jury were unable to agree. Ono statement miule to the shareholders was that a good deal of the money had gone in a way xvhich could not be disclosed, and the inference from that Avas that it xvas given to members of Parliament, There was not a particle of evidence at the trial to show that such was the case, and it is one of the most satis- factory results of the investigation to iiml that, hoxvever Parliament may have been cajoled into an unjustifiable concession, there is no reason to suppose that theie xvas a corrupt bargain. It xvas " managed " somehow, and Mr. Baker and Mr. Waddell were the managers, hut whatever advances they made on account of the management they evidently took care of themselves when the spoil came to be divided. Then another statement made xvas that Mr. Baker being a member of the Government, it was not pru- dent or right to allow it to appear that he had received so large a sum of money for working out the result. As the Chief Justice put it, " AVas that a good reason 1 " Whatever the jury may have thought, that seems to be the very reason why explicit statements, accompanied by vouchers, should have been made. There may have been no conspiracy in the technical sense of the term. Clearly enough, however, a claim in xvhich a member of the Govern- ment xvas largely concerned got piloted through the House somehow. A large sum of money was x-oted for com- pensation on account of that claim, there being in fact no legal justification for it. Then the trustees-Baker being one of them-execute a kind of tour deforce xvitli the plunder. It was very awkwardly done, and deserved exposure. The shareholders, it was supposed, should bave been only too glad to have got anything where they ought to have expected nothing. There xvas scarcely even a decent show of ac- counts. They were in reality cooked up after the exposure carne. Success, we snspect, had made the claimants too confident. They offered clumsy excuse», and made statements which, now that they luiA'e been analysed under evidence, are seen to be most coiiflactiugand untrustworthy. So far as the chief participator in these transactions is concerned, he lins hiuï a fair trial, and the facts have all come out. Even if the jury lind arrived at a definite con- clusion on the formal indictment the estintíite formed hy the ]iublic Avoold not h;we bee« A-ery different from what it now is. Thaï judgment is, Ave believe, that «a serious scan- dal had arisen from the fact that a member of the Government had been personally concerned in promoting a claim against the Government, and that, being successful in his suit, lie shared in the plunder with a kind of glorious unconsciousness that he was doing anything which was art all objec- tionable, unseemly, or dishonest. HAS Great Britain reached the zenith of her greatness, and has she begun that dovvn Avard course which is to find an ultimate expression in Macaulay's typical New Zealander and the ruins of London Bridge? A review of her trade for the ten years ending 1880 gives no support to the notion that the greatest nation the worltl has ever yet seen has entered upon a stage of de- crepitude and decay. In support of this statement we may refer to the trade in such main staples of industry as cotton, wool, and iron, and in each we shall find a steady development of pro- duction or use. This increase deserves the more notice on account of the well-known fact that during the latter half of the decade referred to above, a period of severe commercial depression occurred that seriously interfered with commerce and manufactures. Turning, then, to the figures that are available to anyone who may seek them, Avhat do we find? First, then, as regards cotton, the Board of Trade returns show that in 1870 Great Britain exjwrted 3,260,998,360 yards of cotton goods, and in 1880 the exports mounted up to 4,490,343,500. Another authority, in giving a review of the cotton trade for 1880, states that " the consumption in 1880 (we are informed) was the largest in the history of the trade. The pre- vious largest Avas in 1876. Compared with that year 1880 shows an increase of 4720 bales per week or 7'7 per cent. Compared with 1879 the increase is 9580 bales per* week, or close upon 17 per cent." Passing on ta wool ive may note a progress nearly as great. The advance in consumption of this article is set forth as follows :-Of foreign wool in the period of 1869-74 the quantity used was l,OG4,574,0001b., Avhile in the years 1875-80 the total Avorked up was 1,232,544,0001b. For the year 1870 the total quantity of AVOOI consumed, is given by Mr. Mulhall in his Balance-sheet of the World, at 342,000,0001b., while that for 1880 he sets down at 401,000,0001b. Iron gives returns equally favourable to Great Britain. For the six years 18(39-74 the production of pig-iron was 37,336,000 tons, for the folloAving six years 1875-80, it was 39,048 tons. For 1870 the exports of iron and steel amounted to 2,S25,575 tons, for 1880 they were 3,792,993 tons, which, says the authority from ivliom we quote our statistics, is the highest figure that lias ever been reached. One fact will tell very plainly the advance made in this export trade of Great Britain of late years. Since 1870 there has been a considerable re- duction in the price of iron and steel, yet the value of the exports in that year was only i'24,038,090, while in 1S80 the value reached J28,3ÖO,31ö, and in 1S81 the increase in this branch of trade was well maintained. In the three articles then of cotton, wool, and iron, we hee that the trade of the old country is steadily expanding. These three are fairly representative of the whole, for we find that the total value of British produce exported in 1870 was .¿'199,000,000, while in 1880 it was 0)223,000,000. The writer, of whose figures we have made free use, supplies moreover other stan- dards by Avhich the prosperity of Great Bri- tain may be measured. Of these we select only two, and these tire the number of paupers and the amount of tleposits in Savings Banks at certain dates. It is stated that the number of indoor and outdoor paupers in England and Wales on the 1st January, 1S71, stood ¡it 1,081,926, but on the corresponding date in 1881 the number was only 803,126, "a decrease of 25 per cent, notwithstanding the fact that in the last decade population has increased at an unprecedented rate." The Savings Bailies' deposits are conclusivo as to the continual advance of the old country. In 1870 these amounted to ¿53,000,000, in 1881 they reached .¿78,000,000, an advance of nearly 50 per cent. Some persons are apprehensive that America is interfering with the home trade, but the following extract will dissipate that illusion. The authorities relied on for the statements made are official blue books on the trade of Great Britain for 1880. " From these authoritiesit appears that whilst the United States sent us last year cotton manufactures to the value of half-a-niillion, Ave sent them in return cotton goods to the A-alue of nearly three and three-quarter millions; AA-hilst Ave sent them two and a half millions of Avoollen goods, they sent us none at ¡di ; and whilst they sent us iron and steel to the value of a quarter of a million, we actually sent them as much as ten million pounds' worth of wrought and unvvrought iron. And if it be asked whether there are not other manufac- tures in regard to wliich America is a vigorous and keen competitor in the home market, a sunicient answer will be found in the striking and important fact that the total value of the manufactured goods which she sent us last year was only two and a half millions ster- ling, while the total value of the manufac- tured goods Ave sent her in return Avas more than twenty-four millions and a half." One other fact may be added to the above. Of manufactures of a certain class exported in the year 1S70, the latest for Avhich the statistics are given, Great Britain sent out ¿120,000,000 worth, and the United States only .¿'4,250,000 worth. As yet it is evident that Great Britain is a long way ahead of the States in export trade, and it is a well-known fact that of late British manufacturers have made up their minds' not only to keep the trade they have, but to enter upon some special branches of Ameri- can productions. This they haA-e done, and have found that they can well compete Avith their Transatlantic cousins-this, too, in goods hitherto regarded as American S2>ecinlties. From the above it Avili be seen that Ave need have no fear for the old country, "There is life in the old dog yet;" jiud now that the tide of depression has passed away-and we hope the time of bad harvests too-we may expect a rapid increase in all the material wealth of our fatherland, and a greater measure of vvell-beiug in every direction. THE Queen has again been in pef ii of her life from the attempt of a vvould- beassnssiii. The first feeling of every colonist w'ill be" one of deep thankfulness that srïe has escaped unharmed ; the next one of great relief at the knowledge that no poSficnl tnotive inspired the attempt. True, thfet'e ewiM be no object to serve in makin " au atitwmpt on the Qraeen. So thoroughly ¡31 the Government o£ the country the es> piressíoii of the vx-21 of the people that trait«'»1 could not weaken or change it if they (iehigecl the ste- ps of the throne with blood, lit is not hy striking at a woman loved fou- her own qualities and xaBiieratecl for the lojr.ïlty with which she has fulfilled the dutie» of her exalted station that the firm resolve of Britain can be bent. Per- haps if she- were hurt or »Tain there might be a brief outbreak of madness. There are times when the xvell-balaaced mind of England is shaken by some passion of horror and revenge. Such a time occurred when the first terriibJe tidings of the Indian muting reached English ears, and the xvhole nation cried aloud for blood. And if the xvretched mon xvho fired his pistol at our sovereign bael been one who could be supposed to have been the agent of a traitorous association, such another out- break of blind fury might have been expected. Therefore it is a matter for much satisfaction that the? xvould-be assassin xvas a poor creature, probably mad, and certainly acting on his oxvn misguided respoasibility. Tliere is enough to lament in the distiacted condition of one portion of our mother country ; there are enough xvretched coils to disentagle xvithout adding to them the awful complication which xvould ensue if the nation fell into a frenzy of blood fever. And yet there is something most pitiable in the fact that a sovereign who Ima lived so long her blameless life in the face of her people, who has performed her duty to the uttermost of her ability, and against xvhoni no charge of oppression or even of lack of kindliness has ever been brought, should not be safe in the prevailing epidemic of assassination. When a Czar of Russia falls a victim to the plots of con- spirators- we may shudder at his fate, but at least we recognise the tenable logic of his slayera. He may have been the victim of circumstances, but he was the visible head of an autocratic machinery xvhich ground his people to the very dust. And yet miserable men can be found willing to give their lives for brief notoriety of killing a queen or a president without any conceivable hope of altering the state of public aft'airs in Great Britain or America. Thereissomething hiuniliatingin the thought that all the krve of her people cannot sliield our sovereign from the murderous freak of a madman. This consolation xve may have, that the peril through xvhich she has passed ?will show the Queen how deep is the love of all those who call themselves her subjects in every part of the xvorld. Tile " golden link of the Crown" has been stretched till it en- circles the globe, holding together young nations growing up in man)' countries. But it has not been weakened by the process. It is the link of a common affection, not of a wide-reaching dread, and there is hardly any limit lo the strain which such a bond ?will withstand. Tiru Hon. J. M. Macrossan, Minister for Works, will leave by the Alexandra on his Northern tour this morning'. He will probably go by that steamer as far as Cairns, and thence overland to Cooktown via Herberton, Thorn- borough, and Maytown. THE following tenders were received at the Public Works Office yesterday afternoon: For the erection of the Warwick Hospital : Henderson and Lavis, £4929,15 months ; AAr. G. Conley, £081710s., 15months; JamesRonwick, £3129, 15 months ; It. Godsall, £4SS9, no time named ; and AA'allace and Gibson, £4S00, 15 months. For the erection of Yeulba Court House : Warren Bros., £575, 4- months. For erection of the Cooktown Immigration Bar- racks : J. Smith, £1505, G months ; Yowlcs and Quinn, £1400, 0 months ; and F. Williams, £124(1, 7 months. For the erection o£ pilot's cottage ut Cooktown : A'ovvles and Quinn, £475, 3 months ; F. AA'illiams, £441, 4 months ; and J. Smith, £517, o' months. No tendera xverc received at the Brisbane office for the erection of the Morven post and telegraph office, A BRICKLA.YER named Sweetman, residing in Roger-street, Soring Hill, had a remarkable escape from being killed yesterday morning. Ho was going up a ladder to the roof of Stewart and Hemmant's buildings, in Queen street, and 011 reaching the top of the ladder he was noticed by some people below to attempt to catch hold of the ladder with his left hand, but apparently become giddy, and fell back- wards a distance of about 23ft. on to the flag- stones. He was picked up insensible, and driven to Dr. Shrapnel's, in George-street. The doctor found him to be suffering from severe concussion of the brain ; the scalp was split at the back of the head, and also on the forehead, but strange to say the skull was not fractured. Under the treatment of Div Shrapnel the injured man gradually regained consciousness He was afterwards driven home in a cab, and when x-iaited by the doctor in tho evening was coherent. Dr. Shrapnel considers that no sciious results are to be apprehended. A coKKEsrojiüEXT writes :-'. Your editorial the other clay about the pension granted by Congress to ex-President General Grant claims a few remarks. The Presidents of America. (par excellence) come and go, like the last one. Hayes, who could jump ¡1 six-railed fence, and never tasted tobacco or whisky, or like the pre» sent one-Arthur-whom, it is said, the Amori» can ladies admire for his broad unpnddcil shoulders, they all fall into obscurity (somehow Garfield is excepted). But Grant is unlike all of these fellows-humble and simple, and ns plain-looking as one of ourselves-little re- garded when a plain line officer, abandoning none of his bad habits, shared by so many of us, he stands forward. Grant handled his 2,000,000 of soldiers in a way no living general could, and it must be remembered tliat at one time ho had it in power to light his cigar at the AVliite House and go to the war office plan in hand-and say "Sheridan, I want Mexico ; Sherman, Canada must be ours hi two months." But, ho was no Cesar, although tho American Press like the Australian Bress, would make him one. Unlike a European general, he gave np his good billcb of general in-chief of the U.S. army to become the head of the nation. AA'hcn this term was ended, his lix-ing was gone-and like meiuof his cloth, ho sa val no money; but he had his faults. Silent as a general and a president,, he became a very old woman in his partisanship against his oki comrade, general AV. S. Hanoock, in the hatter's candidature for the prcsi.clenc, and thus lost his captain-generalship^ But the Yankees will not let their great inert starve." A MIXER of large experience, in California, Nevada, and other parts of America, Captain Goodfellows has colled on us. Ho has had fifteen years' experience of mining in Queens- land, from Gympie gold to Cloncurry copper. He knows a little therefore about these minerals, but he has several special streaks of intelligence about silver mining. His route is, if better things don't turn up, to go for the Star River silver mines! thence to Bav£ns" wood, and from there to the Herbert and Wild Uiver tin mines. Ho represents ' ' any amount Of southern capital, which it is to 1» nopW will fructify iu Queensland. THE Grange estate and stud were submitted by auction yestcrdij bj Mess.s Fenwick and Kellett, at M'Gill's Palais Royal Hotel, Ipswich. A fair sprinkling of turf men had lottrncjed to Ipswich, muij of whom believed that the stock vvcic to he submitted piecemeal, this how cvii, was not the intention of the ti ustees, as the whole mis put upas one lot, and no bul lum,? foi tlitoiiiing bejond £0000, it vi is pissed m Sei ci ii of those pi cscnt iv ailed themselves of the ojip » tunitj topaj the stud a visit, and w lied aw ij the if tei noon in examining the valuable ainmils vi Inch it tont uns, all of which wci c looking in the best health and con «htioii The countij too thinks to the icccnt nins, «as looking ficsh ami green, so that the tup out was icnll) an eujojiblo one AVe mulei stand th it the hoists vv ill he sold off nt a fiituic date, and as the Gunge bl ed hoi ses hav c established so good a i eputtition nul ai e all so well gi own and i eil ed, theic is but little \ doubt tint the gicatei put of them will meet vi ith a i cady .« ile, and at good pi ice THIRTY ONE magnificent joung Lincoln rams were landed j cstei IIUA f i om the Ah \ indi a foi Headington Hill The j vveiebiedbv 'Vii C B Fisher, on his estate near Melbourne. Mr. Fisher is now almost as celcbiated foi his Lincoln as he was in foimei j cal s foi his stiong mci ino wool The supeuoiitj of the lincoln vv ool ov ei that fi om anj othei coat se vioollcd vauotj of sheep consists m the bul hancj of its lustie, and to such a point of ex cellenco has this quiihtj been cultivated ni the Tisliei Lincolns that the} now almost uval the Angora moll in in this íespcct Amongst the lot landed jcsteidnv is a veiv gi and joiing animal, a tuple fitst piwetakci niVictoiiii, and winch imites to a faultless fleece a en cass «Inch must ho little shoi t of pelfcction The sheep have Oone into quai intine to peifoim the customary tei ni of piobntion TiitKb was a fan attendance at the Albeit Hall last night, when Piofessor Poppet ga\e the list of Ins miscellaneous cntcitain ments His valions experiments vvcic gone tlnough to the evident satisfaction of all pre sent, and the oft repeated but still welcome "ghost" illusion biought the first put of the entertainment to i close His photogi iphic diorama of London and " Diogenes md his lintern" weit îcceived with appiobition, and " Binquo's ghost ' biought an entertunment of no oulmaij in tei cat to a close While showing the views of London the piofessoi li id occasion to mention the Queen, and in doing so adverted to the attempt just made upon her Majcstj's life As he did so the audience showed then feclin0s of lojaltj bj rising to then feet, singing i verse of the National Anthem, and giving three heal ty cheers for the Queen Mi W iltei Dale presided it the piano in oxcclh nt stj le TutrE Avas not so good an audience at the thcatie list ni"ht is w is expected, but it is probable that a good in iny tickets had been taken which weic not represented The per foi mince aKo vv is nun i ed bj the enforcetl sub stitlition of one gentle man pei former for «motliei, who had piobably got the pait up moie caicfulh Hie Messrs Selwjn Smith and Mi Milln plijed then icpective parts with spirit, an 1 imong the ladies Miss Tulloch deseives special notice Though their per foi manee w is not by my means so good as tint of "Oin Boys' in the Albeit Hill uccntlj, the nnpiOMsed company maj be complimented on having stiuggleil pluckilj against manj obvious difficulties We smccielj hope that Mi Macallum seemed a lugci benefit thin was indicated hy the appeal ance of the theitic Al the cn cus last night thcio «is a laigc uulicnce, and the somcisnults, pel foi manees on the tripc anj giv en up to the pi cscnt time The pei foi m mees of a youth on a galloping horse vvcic much adimied, and evci j thing passed off to the full satisfaction of the audience As ah cady .innounced, a pciformince foi childi en will take phec this iftci noon, anil to night vv ill bo the last oppoi tunity of w ltnessing the show Some feats of gi cat niteicst, and which have not been peifoimcd, aie announced foi the occasion Otu Melbourne coi i espondent makes the following statement, which will piobiblj io ccivcsciiousconsideiatioii fiom oui îeadeis - ' Poi fc Phillip is to be the point of attack when the inevitable dcclaiation of wai between Gi cat Biitam md Kussn takes place 'lintis coi t un Atlmnal Aslanbegoff and his ofhceis luve quitted oui h it bom in high dudgeon, with low but deep min minings at out scant hospitality It cannot be doubted that this is a pieiiranged effect Eveiytlnng wascoitcuî/r d» 1 oso at Sjdncy, wheie the ofhceis mingled fieelj with the colonists and smiled on then entoitiincis Heie all was changed, md, midei oideis, they looked black it cveijtlung The ndminl and his staff were made honoiaij mcminns of tho leading clubs befoie the squndion auivcd in the Baj, but the lettcis to thom coin eying the intimation wciemsomc cases merely acknowledged and m othois alto {,ethci ignored The Melbow no Club inv ited them to a dinnei, but no îeply was received to the invitation Aftoi waiting some time the scctetaij of the club wiotc again, when he was mforiuod that the Hist intimation had been mislaid by the idmii al, md accoi dingly oxci looked When the second miitatioii was foi wai dod it was "too late" The Australian Club made the ofhceis members while the i ossels w ci e still in Poi t Jackson and took cai e to see that the intimation to that effect vv is sent on boaid the flagship on anual heie in all duo foi m and vv ith pi opei ceremonj Ko replj was vouchsafed And so on with othei nisti tutions of the kind It follow ed that the heads of ball giving houses-and there arescvciil such in theMclbouilicencie wh.se enteitamments have boon enjoyed bj great i ,n and pi used bj punces-did not know when to poi foi m the pi elimínanos of uiti oduction which 'sotietj' looks foi , and so if theie wete no enteitiin mentsof the kind it was because the Musco utes abstained fiom accepting the mitntoiy hospitalities which were pressed upon them If it were interesting to jour leadeis I would show fiom the evidence of facts tint the con duct of the ofhceis was all shaped to one pattern, and made up to oidei The why and whcicforc is not fai to seek Melbourne is the nchest in loot of all the Austiahan capitals, and it could be shelled and biought to sun end« ensilj m twenty four hour«, bj such a fleet as that commanded bj Admiral Aslanbegoff, and the ships could be at sea again within the time named &jdncj; might offci resistance and do damage to the ngging and spais Adelaide, Hobatt, and Busbanc do not offci sufficient temptition at picsciit The admiral Ins some conscience "i Tu tai one piobably- and lie did not like hobnobbing with the city he means to spoil So he sulked without ciuse, like the wolf m the Fable when the lamb di auk of the stieam lower «own and 'distmbed the waters' The fleet ..aenficed to the humanities m Sjdnej, and wall lepeat the perfoi manee m Hobart, and pei haps Adelaide Thei e the officers hav e gone oi w ill go in foi being nice joungmen and 'such dal lings to w nitz vv ith ' Hei ewe shall hav e no bl each of hospitality to accuse them of when wo aro "iiouscdfiom om slumbei one fine morning to ¡mutilen hands at our thioats The Tai tai s hive learned the lesson, in inland Southern Asia that it is not 'good foun' to eat a man's '?'Attund then ciack his skull. A gicengrocei acquaintance of mine, who occasioinllj dons tne vice i egal hi enes on State occasions has admitted to me ' Kow that j ou do mention it i think I did notice tint neailj all the "salts" "ino down as they went up, without a blemish on their sjrnrnetij ' These are not the c\act " oidi, he cmploj ed I hav e toned thom down » httlc to fix them foi everjdaj use, but the «eduction is evident to the meanest cana citv " * Al the sittings of the Pettj Debts Couit Yrn aj' befole Messrs Jones and Love, »LJ P m the defended case of B Crystal v. O'Neil, claim £6 19s. for board and lodging, V «f }.ct " as e" en in fM om of the Plaintiff foi .j" fe Od, vnthCs costs of couit, and 5s wit U is s expenses Tur Biisbane Ice Company's woiks in Shoitsticct, aie in a very forwaul state the whole of the niichinerj being now erected and in the course of i d iv 01 tw o it is expected th it the lefngciator will be in full work The pie mises and pi mt aie elected on a poihon of Messrs D L BiovvnandCo spiopeitj.foimorlj well known as Hauiss Ihe situition is furlj central and convenient and the com])inj have been fortunato in securing a supplv of water that is practicallj liiexh uistibk Thej lune a vciy laigc undeiground tink tint was con structed in the cul} dijs, when Enoggcia water w is unknown, the tank hiving boen specially made foi tlio pm pose of supplv ins- tile oiitw ud bound vessels with water AVlicn the works aie oieiicl i nioio dot uled account of the apphinccs will be furnished THL Aushalasuin bkeUher for March is an unusually good nunibci, the llltisti itions being numeioiis and spu ititi 4. poitiait of Mrs AVatson, the hei une of Li7iid Island, is given, md theie is an cxpicssion of icsolution in the face which eau-, s one to think that it is pi o bnbly i good liktness One of the best of the large pictuics is entitled, 'In the (bought " a stockman m chai ge of a mob of travelling cattle getting a di ink fiom a tank earned on a station (bax Anothci pictuie, "A Back countiy Race Meeting,' is spnited, but the aitist has di awn i athci too fieclj on his.imagi nation A sheet of sketches at AVilhamstow n is clcvci, and so also aie the lllusti itionsof the Old English Fan at tho Exhibition buildings AxtrtTi>a of the Conti al Boaul of Health was hold xesteulaj aftei noon Theie weie piesent-Mi John Pctue (in the chan), Mi Thomas Fume}, Dis Cannan, lliomson, and Pi entice, and the sccietary (Mi A Rawlins) The minutes of the pievious meeting weie lead and confiimed The following cone spondencc was lead -To Di Bancioft, stating that the attention of the boaul having been called to tho death of Mis M'Dougill fiom pucipeial fevci, they had deemed it dcsiiablo to caution the n m so not to attend anj othei lving in case foi the piesent, and asking him to nifoim the boaul if he considci s the fever m Mis M'Dougall s case to have been of such a contigious natmo as to nccessit ite hei lengthened suspension 11 om Di Bancioft, in ieplv to the above lcttci " I have the honoui to nifoim j ou that I am of opinion as the imdw lfc w ho attended the late Mis M Doug ill did not nuise hot dilling the last week of hoi illness, and as the saul mid wifeiepoits no sickness among the mu tin lent women she attends that join boaul need not furtlici nitcifcic with hei occupation " A bill foi tils, "piofessional advice,' was foi wai dod with the above communication It was decided, on the motion of Mi Pinnex, seconded bj Di Cninan that the nuise be nifoiincd tint the lcstnction on hei piactismg hoi piofcssion is lemoied bv the bond The bond declined to recommend the pajment of £1 is to Di Bancioft A lcttci vv as i ead fiom Mi T IJ Bourne, chan man of the Bicikfnst Cieek Board of Health, "again calling attention to tho filthy state of the drain fi om James sti cot to the Biihmb i load and a little below it and to the nuisance in Janies sti ect, fiom Law loss's stoic to the new budge m James sti ect The diains nein the Bool oodabin division but the filthy gutter m J imes street ncithei the coipoiation noi the boaul will own but the corpoiation must have some mteiest in the road and footpith, inasmuch as thej have aheadj paid ncaily £100 tow aids the election of a budge and lopins to the same and the coipoi ition lcceivc the rates foi the side of James street on vv Inch the mus ince exists ' The abov c lcttei xv as oi dei ed to be i cfei i ed to the Drisbine Local Board of Health The medical inspector (Di Prentice) i cpoi ted that seal let fever did not now exist heie, and tint theie had been no cases of tv phoid fev cr since last report AVhooping cough was rathol pi cv aient, but the geneial health was good Till piospectus of the Southpoi t and City Steam Packet Companj is published in another column The shaiehst closes on the Oth instant Tub New Zealand Insurance Company undei stand the ai t of keeping then names be foie the public Their latest device is the issue of an " mdesti uctiblc " fine pointed pen in a curious little holder, bearing the name of the company The stem is appaientlj a glass tube in which is a slip of paper, on winch is pimted the woids intended to be noticed So long as th it holder lasts its posscssoi must hav c the name of the insurance company undei his notice, for thej cannot be effaced or in anj vv ay concealed THE United Evangelistic Chon will give the sei vice of song, "Christie's Old Oigan, ' m the Albeit Hall this afternoon The sei vice will bein aid of the funds of the Hospital foi Sick Children, which is a desei vnig institution sup poited cntiielj bj private contilbutions It is to be hoped that thejoungci folks will show then appieciation of the object of the institu tion bj assisting to make the entertainment this afternoon a pecuniary success PROFESSOR PFFPFH invited a nnmbei of gentlemen to the Albei t Hall j esterdaj after noon for the puipose of explaining, and illus tratingbj scientific expeiiments the advantages of the water closet sjstem that ha3 been intio ducod heie bj Mr Stombuco Theie were about a dozen gentlemen present who listened attentively to the ícmaiks of the lectuiei, who declaies that thesjstcm of filtintion adopted by Mi Stombuco is one of the most perfect m a samtaij point of xiew that he had ever seen Bj means of a plan fui mslied bj the inv entoi, Piofessoi Pepper show ed on the blackboaid how the sjstem worked. The pnnciple has been explained befoie in these columns, and it maj now bneflj be stated that the deposit is earned into an an tight buck oi cemented tank, which has two ellam bei s At the bottom of the fii st chamber thci e is a quantitj of silicate of u on placed, vv Inch acts as a filter, and the watei then ascends into the second chambci, and again passes tluough a filtenng bed of iron, &e; , until it uses to the top of the tank, wheio theie is an outlet foi the almost constant ovei flow fiom the ni st pit Tlio vv ater passes into a surface dram, and the vv at« so foiced fi om the pit has been prov ed to be mute pure, fieo fiom taste oi scent The profeasoi showed, by a numbei of inteicsting experiments, the composition of wat«, and also demonstrated that the watei which had been drawn fiom the cesspit was quite free fiom unwholesome qualities. 