CRUMBS. Christ Church Temperance Society moot ing to-night. Land sale at Cootamundra on Wednesday, 5th July. The agitation in Scotland for a reform of the land laws continues. More trouble expected in the Kelly country of Victoria. More supposed traces of Leichardt found. What has become of Skuthorpe ? Football does not ' take' in Cootamundra. No muster last Saturday. Murdoch and his men continue their vic torious career. Unitecl, South of England next. One hundred and thirty acres of suburban lands about Goulburn have been sold for £3,200. The youngsters of Cootamundra would do well to study the letter in our present issue concerning themselves. 4 Corowa, on the Murray, is famous for white kangaroos. Bethungra is equally famous for white rats. Hares are getting plentiful about Coota mundra. One was caught m the outskirts of the town last Sunday. _ Seventy- six mounted policemen are sta tioned in the Glenrowan and Mansfield districts. Messrs. Dickens aud Evans, of Great New-street, London, have a printing machine driyen by electricity. Kibby's Trade Palace opens for business this morning. Grand opening, with musical honours, on Friday night. The fair sex preponderates largely at Kilmore, in Victoria. So they do at Yass, according to an exchange. A spring of gas was discovered last year, at a depth in the earth of 1,000ft., at Clarendon, Panama. The Echo says that Sir John Robertson 'can drive a plough, milk a cow, shoe a horse, and run a bullock off a mountain.' All the eneigies of Hay are being put out upon the forthcoming banquet and ball. Hay will be slightly overcrowded next week. _ Grenfell Pastoral, Agricultural, and Hor ticultural Exhibition on Wednesday. 9th August. Schedule of prizes issued. Melbourne publicans have been selling brandy purchased at 22/6 per dozen, duty paid, as good liquor; No wonder the lunatic asylums are full. _ ' Hands All Round.' Working day and night at Kibby's Trade Palace, in order to keep faith with the public for the general opening on Friday night. ; At Tumut (says the Times) Mr. A. Myers, a good marksman with the gun, put a dozen shot-marks in a half-crown that had been thrown high in the air. Talmage says : ' Men of talent and com manding intellect are never good dancers.' That is the first time we have seen any public allusion to our awkwardness in dancing. The first Australian Eleven were defeated by Gentlemen of England by one innings and one run. The Australians, on this occasion, have treated their opponents in exactly the same way. The Southern Argus reports that Mr. P. J. Ryan, late the proprietor of the Railway Hotel, Cootamundra, has bought the good will, lease, &c.;, of the Criterion Hotel, Goulburn. A Landlord Company for Ireland has'beea projected, with a capital of £700,000, to lease and work the boycotted farms. The Land Leaguers are greally alarmed. The grand opening at Kibby's promises to beat all that has been attempted in any country town in the colony. We hope he will gain for himself a trade that will com pare favourably with the magnitude of his enterprise. 'How are you getting along ?' asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost — ' Very well, indeed — much better than during my twenty years' married life on earth.' Widow (delighted) — 'Then you are in heaven ?' Ghost — ' Oh no.' A man with a silver-plated, double back action coinholder came into the editorial sanctum the other day, and commenced ex plaining the beauties of the article for holding half-crowns, &c.;, and he had got half through before he found out he was in a printing office. When he saw his mistake he went to the door, sadly opened it, and kicked himself clear. ' Is the editor in ?' asked a hungrylook ing and somewhat seedy individual, as he spread himself over the corner of the desk where that functionary was endeavouring to do three hours' writing in about thirty minutes. ' Yes, what do you want ? ' said the editor, without looking up, or other visible encouragement. 'I've got a new invention which I wish to bring to the notice of the public. It's a patent bed lounge ? — ' ' Oh, yes I know,' growled the devoted one at the desk, ' biggest thing in the land, isn't it ? meets a long felt want — sells at sight— warranted not to rip, tear, ravel, nor cut in the eye — has a hundred and fifty springs — stuffed with hair throughout — no ridges down the middle — serves as a lounge, bed, crib, cradle, and baby's carriage, and can be used as a sideboard. And you want me to say that Mr. Blank, the gentlemanly and accomplished, &c.; That's what you want, isn't it?' 'Sir,' said the seedy one, ' I couldn't have described it more graphically myself, and if the Gazette will express the merits of my invention in those terms you will earn my everlasting grati tude.' ' That's all right,' snarled the editor. ' It'll be twenty-six shillings — twenty six lines at a shilling a line, payable in advance.' Without a word, with a look of intense reproach, the seedy man turnod and slid for tho door, while the editor calmly continued his account of the banquet that was to take place next day. — American Paper. 