THE Camperdown Chronicle. SATURDADY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1882. A Neglected District. A number of maps have been distributed during tho last twelve months, which bliow with more or less accuracy the wholo of the railways now existing, to gether with those in course of construc tion, and those which the Government now propose to construct. The map is an odd looking affair, with lines'stick ins out in all directions, some of them looking as if they meant to run lov ingly side by side, some as if they were trying to meet each other and overlap, some as if they had just frightened each other and wero running away from their point of possible contact as hard as they could. They havo been compared to a parcel of cockspurs, but they are more like the ghost of sorno decayed gum tree as seen projected against the even ing skj, with its bare rugged knobby arms showing out in hideous disregard of all the lines that usually guide the development of the monarchs of.the forest. Now and then, when Mr. Bent is irritated by a demand for new lines, he is apt to say that he has already •' brought a railway to every selector's front door, and now is asked to bring one into tho back ynrd." Now, the student who looks at this map with an obsorvant rye will note that in the south-west there is a very largo spaco of the map entirely blank, without one ! single mark on it at all, and if he were a stranger he might be expected to say— " I suppose that district into which no railway penetrates, or proposes to pene trate, is a desert, or a totally unexplored country, uninhabited, nud uninhabit able, unknown, and not worth know ing 1" The reply would be, " No! On the contrary, the country you ice left untouched by railways is the garden of Australia. It has the best climate, tho most fertile soil, and the densest population. It was settled earlier than any other district in the colony. Its population are energotic, industrious, and prosperous. It is known all over the world for the cxtraoidinary success that tho breeders of purebred stock bavo achieved. There are no such cattle, sheep, and horses on tho con tinent, nor anywhere elso, as those it produce's. It has the only untouched forest of any importance, it is tho only district wbero there is any chance of finding coal, it is known to have mineral treasures which cannot be taken to market without railways. Its resident public men are independent and disin terested, and its wealthy'men are gene rous and eager to help its development. It lies right on the highway to a neigh bouring colony, with which wo attempt to cultivate friendly relationships, and the'attempts which have been made to induce tho Government to develop it, are as numerous as tho days in the year, or nearly so." The stranger would necessarily dubelieve the story, nnd pass on'indignant nt the attempt to play upon his credulity, and yet, as a matter of fact, that story would be exactly and precisely true. The Gee long and Ballarat, Ballarat and Ararat, Ararat and Hamilton, and Hamilton and Portland lines form a rough upper boundary for the district, and the sea bounds its lower margin. The are* of this neglected district is about fifteen thousand square miles, and with the ex ception of the straggling black line from Geelong to Campcrdown, it is as desti tute of any Bid that can be traced to tho generosity of the Victorian' Govern ment, as it could be if it were situated in another planet. Manifestly this kind of negligence involves gross unfairness, if not down right spoliation. Wo pay hoary tuxes, and our special industry of -wool pro duction is subjected' to the further burden of the Land tax, of which a grea ter portion is paid in this district than in any other of equal size. Probably it would be well within the mark to say that within the five years since the Land tax was imposed, a special sum of a quarter of a million sterling, at the very least, has been drawn from the dis trict, which has not in that time had one penny of return. It is quite true that wa are now about to see construc ted within this space of land, various public works, namely, the Camperdown and Colac line, tho Camperdown and Terang line, the Port Campbell tram way, and the Glen Thompson and Koroit line. The whole of these would be paid for with about £180,000, and, of twenty millions, which will have been spent in railway construction when tho lines in tho present bill aro completed, this trifling sum ip all Unit has fallen to the lot of tho richest, most populous, most productive, and most fertile dis trict in the colony. It is not to be expected that this kind of thing can be allowed to go on. AYe have suffered from a variety of causes. At ono time the preponderance of tbe Constitutional party in this district excited tho hatred of tho Radicals to such an extent that every proposal to spend a penny in it was regularly stonewalled and frustrated. Later, when tho Radicals obtained their brief and most evilly used lease of power, their bitter wrath at the con tempt with which they were regarded, even by those whom they had defeated, exhausted itself in attempts to injure the Western district-, and hinder its de velopment. Only the .other day, in deed, after consigning tho Bishop of Melbourne to Hades, Mr. Longmouk repeated his old proposition that land owners wcro " robbers," and that their estates would have to be " taken from them by force" if they did not get out of the way of themselves, It is not wonderful that, with peoplo like this ruling the roast for yearg> few pieces of tho joint have fallen to their consti tuents. Indeed, so far as this particular constituency is concerned, it has pre sented tho extraordinary spectacle of a district whoso member get himself deliberately to work to destroy it as far ag he possibly could, being aided in that laudable object by the accidental inclusion, within its electoral bounds, of a number of voters whose interests were sufficiently represented by other members of the Legislature to make them indifferent to Mr. Lonomore's proceoedings. "We have, however, an excellent opportunity now of doing something to procure justice for our selves. If we take immediate action wo can speedily prove tho ease with which, by the construction of the rail way from Lintons to Camperdown, Ballarat may be brought within a comparatively short distance of the Southern Ocean. Forty seven easy miles of rail will join Lintons to the Port Campbell tramway, rind will place the whole of the Heytesbury forest and the sea coast at the control of the Ballarat people. This railway would open up the whole breadth of the neglected district from Ballarat, the capital city of the west, to Fort Camp bell, the most fertile and beautiful dis trict on the coast. It should be driven right through without delay. "We have already explained its advantages, and we trust that our residents will at once take the necessary steps for enforcing attention to our claims. 