Chapter XXV. When Mr. Blunt and Christopher returned late that evening it was to hear from the ser vants that Mrs. Blunt had not felt well, she had gone out into the grounds during the morning, but since her return she had kep; her room. " Best send for 11 eywood at once," said Mr. Blunt fussily. Christopher begged him to wait until he had been up and seen Robin, and a few minutes later he reappeared to sav that she felt better now that she had been lying down. She complained of headache, but would try and eat some dinner. n ■ ut SI " Why, you're looking as white as a ghost, was Mr. Blunt's salutation, cheerily spoken, as if the sight of her pale face gave him im mense satisfaction. " You haven't been over-fatiguing yourself now while we've been away, have you ? 'cos that'll never do." Robin hastened to disown the supposition. " I only walked a very little way," she said: "I didn't go out of the gates at all, so it couldn't be that." "I'm very glad you didn't; you might have chanced on that Chandos, perhaps, swagger ing about." Jack's manner of ignoring them, and avoiding, as Mr. Blunt thought, an intro duction to Christopher, had rankled with him all day." "He's no gentleman that, I say, 01* when he met us he wouldn't have acted as he did." " Very likely he felt a little awkwark," put in Christopher, "and the carriage passed so quickly by that there was really no need for his speaking." "How d'ye mean? Miss Georgy could speak, why couldn't he ? You haven't done nothing to offend him ?" Mr. Blunt, not in the best of humors, was glad of something to let off steam about. He had been in a state of ferment all day, for under the plea of other business, Christopher had made this the opportunity of asking his father what, now he was married, he thought of doing for him. He considered he ought to have a separate income, and—at best a poor diplomatist—at once discovered his motive by saying he wished it on account of Robin, so that in case anything happened to him she would have an independence settled upon her. "Independence! what, you mean some thing independent of me?" asked the wary father. " Exactly so," said the simple son. Upon which Mr. Blunt desired that he might be in formed of the exact requirements demanded of him, advising that the sum should be talked over with Robin, and reserving to himself until then to give his answer. All day long the proposition haunted him. Up to this time Christopher had never dropped a hint of needing such an arrange ment. In his own case he had been contented with what his father gaye him and the in terest—about £"200 a year—of some house property which a distant relation of his mother's had left to him. Could Robin have put him up to make this demand ? Seeing it was to be settled on her self Mr. Blunt thought it not unlikely. Several times leading up to the question he had beaten the bush to try and get the truth from Christopher, but his son evidently did not understand him, and feeling it would be unwise to ask the direct question Mr. Blunt had been compelled to swallow his curiosity. To a man so dispositioned this acted irri tably on his temper, and he was in a mood to find fault when the sight of Robin's evident indisposition turned his thoughts to anothor channel; but though for her sake he might spare those present, there was no occasion to hold his tongue about the .Squire, and he continued to rake up the dispute about the thicket, what he had not said to him, and what he should like to say to him, until Christopher, noting Robin's face grow paler and that she sat quite silent, said, in hopes of silencing him— "Oh, welll, never mind now, it won't matter in the least what you think of him or lie thinks of you. I saw Cameron in at Top ham's, and he told me that Mr. Chandos went off by the 6.40 train, he saw him down at the station, he was going to try and get the night train from London. I don't know what night train nor when he was going, but to some place abroad at a long distance, and how long he may stay or when he will return seemed quite uncertain." Mr. Blunt said something to express his satisfaction, but what, Christopher did not heed. The alteration in Robin's face had attracted his attention. " What is the matter, Robin ?" He got up and went towards her. "You're not feeling well; what is it, tell me ?" Seized with a mad desire to push him away, Robin had to make an effort of control. "I don't know," and she gave a ghastly jsmile. " I felt so much better when I came down. I think it's the smell of the dinner must have upset me." " That's it," said Mr. Blunt confidentially; "it often does so, my dear, its turned you sick I dare say." " Yes," said Robin, catching at any excuse for going away. "I shall have to go back to my own room again, only, Christopher, don't you come." Her voice sounded quite sharply. " Jennings is up-stairs, she will attend to me." A little hurt, Chx-istopher lacked the assur ance to follow her, he fancied she spoke as if she did not wish him to come. He went as far as the foot of the stairs, watched that she ran quickly up, and then returned to the dinner- table. "I hope there is nothing the matter with her," he said anxiously. "And I hope there is;" said his father pointedly. " So there's the difference between me and you," and then he emptied his glass as if drinking a health, smacked his lips, and had it filled again. " We'll go to-morrow and get Heywood to drop in as he's passing here, just make a call; he needn't to say nothing." " Oh no, there'll be no occasion for that." Christopher spoke hastily, he was frightened to death of what Robin might feel. " It's not likely to be anything but a head ache, which I daresay will pas3 off by the morning; if it should not I'll ask her what she would like me to do." The presence of the servants restrained, Mr. Blunt from indulging in the outburst to which he would have liked to treat his son. Leaning back in his chair he swelled out his portly person and made a continuous chirrup with his lips, as was his wont when imploring a sympathetic providence to grant him patience. All his thoughts, his hopes, his wishes were centered now in the desire that he should speedily see children born to Christopher, heirs who would relieve him of that terrible anxiety he always suffered when anything ailed his son. The prospect of a fine sturdy boy to dandle on his knee softened his heart, and he spent the evening in building castles, arranging his affairs, and drinking a great deal more grog than was good for him, Robin during this time was going through all those torments we endure when our doubts and fears arc turned to certainties. (To be continued.) Some little time ago an American gold digger's wife sued for a divorce on the ground of cruelty—her husband would not buy her gloves. But the District Court decided that coverings for the hands were not "necessaries" for the spouse of a man who habitually fried bacon on a shovel, mended his clothes with old flour sacks, and ate his pork and beans out of the lid of the tin "billy" in which he boiled his tea. A man named Randall attended preaching at a colored church in the country, and had in his pocket only a silver half-dollar, just the ticket-fare back to his home. At the conclusion of his sermon the minister ordered a collection for his own benefit. " Of course," said he. "I 'spects every person to give somethin'; but I'se told dat Mr. Thomas up de lane yandcr had some tin-keys stole Friday night. I don't want any man who had a lian' in stealin' dem turkeys to put any money in de hat." When the hat reached Randall not a man had denied, and the preacher's eyes were on him. His half dollar went into the hat, and he had to walk home, 