HINTS ON ETIQUETTE. ' Excuse me, gentlemen I' said a young I laily, entering our sanetnm, ' but which I of you is the society editor ?' I 'We don't keep one on this paper, I Miss,' said a horse critic, ' but the whole I gang take a crack at that style of iourna* I listic labor once in a while. Is there anything we can do for you ?' ' I was going to ask,' said the girl, 'if it would bo too much trouble for you to give me some hints as to the proper way to receive guests at a wedding, how the supper should be served, , and so I forth?' ' You want to know what is en riggle and recherchy, as tho French say V re marked the horse man,- ? ' We can give you tho correct pointer. Are you the blushing bride 1 ' I ' Yes, sir,' said the girl in a rather weak voice ; ' that is — ' . ' Oh, I understand I' said the horse editor. ' I appreciate your feelings, I was once young and bashful myself. Now, about this wedding ; the receiving part is easy. After the nuptial ceremony is concluded, you and- Miker— ' ' But his nathe isn't Mike 1' said the young lady ; ' his name is — ' ' Oil 1 I know all about that,' said the equine journalist. ' Of course his name is Adelbert, or Reginald, or some other dry goods clerk nonsense^ but in giving advice we always allude to the sucker as Mike, and .call the bride Han nah. It saves time. Now, after you and Mike are married, you want to jog along home and plant yourself at tbe back end of the parlor. Better 'have a floral bell, or something like that, to stand under, because it is considered the correct thing, and makes a better toot ensemble, as the French 'say. Then the guests thqy get in lin», and go by you in a slow walk — a kind of weburiedhim sadly-at-dead-of-night .! clip— and you shako hands with each one and say ,' Thanks,' awfully, and they look at you and Mike as if you were a couple of prize cattle, and feel sorry for you.' ' And the supper ?' said tho young lady. ' Oh, yes ; the supper 1 Well, at some weddings they feed in the .dining room, and at others each guest sits on a chair nnd has bis lunch brought -to him. Now, I always advise the use of chopped feed at weddings — bring on the ham and sandwiches, nnd ica creams at the same timo. They cun't eat the sandwiches first you know, because if they do the cream will melt, and if they throw in the cream to sUct with, the sandwiches will act like Banquo's ghost — ' they will not get. down 1'' And the horse reporter winked vigorously at the dramatic critic in order to attract the attention of that person to his able joke. But the critic was trying to smoke a cigar that the ad vance agent of the Whale had given him, and he did not look. ' Of course,' con tinued the biographer of Goldsmith's Maid, ' it would be bettor if you icould give each guest a box stall and throw the ,'r, n,„ i*„f ti,:„ « ... ^ ..j ... „„„ w.ui.nijj, ui-. i/iiio in not often practicable, so you had better keep on the old racket 1' ' I am sure I am very thankful, sir, for the interest you have taken in this matter,' said the girl, 'and I shall fol low your advice. Which is the way downstairs, please !' ' There aro two ways,' replied tho horse reporter, ' you can jump down the hatchway, or take the stairs. Our ele vator never runs.' — American Paper. 