I OUR PREACHERS. ,..',, ?' No XII. REv. HAltTLKl WILTJWiSíf, From St. George's to St. John's from BeosTiebr» to Dan. Canon Banks Smith, and the Rev. Hartley Williams are at opposite poles in the sphere of their common Mother Church l on many points of tenet and) - doctrine occlcsiaslioaltlj.eir diversity of view is extreme. ' Yet they, perhaps somewhat to their own mutual distaste, have place in the same establishment and Dean Bromby has thus close to hand an exemplification of that elastic comprehensiveness which on a recent public occasion he dwelt upon a rise of the essential and must valuable attributes the Church of England. During the prolonged residence in this city Canon Banks Smith has ever been thorough and unequivocal in his Low Chiirchisin ; during his 12 months' service, IIB locum tenens for Canon Bailey the Rev. Hartley Williams has been clear and pronounced in High Church practice. He is by no means a Ritualist off the Mackonochie tape; be does not regard the ritual of which he makes use as absolutely essential, in, fact, he may be said to be an advanced member of the Broad high school. It is understood that he regards cartalnpoiiits of ritual, not as indispensable to. relight service, but as aids in his own devotional exercises; that, while employing this ritual in the church under his charge, he would be willing to dispense with, it when conducting service in a Low Church with the clergyman of which heraighthavomade, a temporary interchange of pulpits; that he does not receive Romanism with open arms, as do the TJItrn Ritualists, but rather regards that Church is ' schismatical when it is at work in Kiiglish-spenli¡n¡? communities.' Doubtless he regards all non- conformity to the Church of England in the same light. In regard to the Papacy, the views of the Broad high school are briefly expressed in the 16th Article c-The Bishop of Rome hath no jurisdiction in this realm of England j" and it looks upon the Ultra-Ritualists as, - having flown from the irreverence and religions lethargy of the Georgian Era into the opposite extreme of too, much reverence. Yet this school coincides with the view expressed by Dr. Waterland :-'. As there may be two extremes, viz,, of superstition on the one hand, much of profaneness on the other ; it appears much safer and better to lean towards the forma»extreme: than to incline towards the latter, Where there is, room for doubt it is prudent to err rather on that side which ascribes too much, than on that which ascribes too little. Besides, it will be erring on. the humble, modest, pious side, if we should happen to run into an extreme after such bright example (the primitive saints and party is). And the causes, much safer (for who would not with him but to be, amongst the saints) than it can be to, deviate into, the, contrary extreme of irreverence, and to come so well nearer to the faithless one unbelieving, who have, their portion in this life." It may be asked that this is the nçttyilîiijr for ing of Mr. Williams' ritualism. Is bereft he and his brethren of the clergy who hold with him. are men of ritual, but not necessarily men of Douve, Their position may be open to attack on more sides than one j Dr. Waterland, in the very extract quoted may be accused of casuistry ; High Churchmen, may be, and are regarded by many Low Church-, men as enemies of Protestantism, as those deep, , march is bent toward the bank of the Kiibiuon ; life in the midst of sectional antagonisms and jealousies the impartial will give the High Churchman, as he ac- cords the Low Churchman, credit for sincerity of conviction, honesty of a purpose, and conscientiousness, of precept and practice. There is worship aoocn!>ah)e, to the Father in the plain service of the Friends ; the, emotionalism of the Salvation Army in the untutored, uncultured, unritualed prayers and praise of the bush- man ; and the service, refined, elaborate, and ornate of, the ritual-enthusiast-so long as in either case, the worship be 'Un spirit and in truth." Hartley Williams received his early edjicAtso?, its England, At the age of 15 he came out with his father to South Australia, and went to St. Peters College. He MiliPiqncntly proceeded to Oxford in order to complete his education for the ministry ; but during his second year was seized with a severe attack of inflammation of the lungs, which for several months threatened to terminate fatally. As a last resource he was put on board a ship at Plymouth, whence he sailed for Adelaide. He was so wonder.-, fully restored by the sea voyage that shortly acting thE, arrival of the vessel, about 18in, he was enabled term nerve ordination at hands of the late Bishop of . Adelaide. He laboured for two years as curate of St, Jude's, Brighton, and thence went to the Northern areas as Organising Missionary Chaplain. These areas had been vant sheep runs, but it was discovered that the soil was admirably suited for wheat-growing. The Government at once resumed the land, and throw it open to the colonists generally upon advantageous terms, Agriculturists flocked to the areas from the settled districts of South Australia, from Victoria, and from England and the Nonconformists were prompt in supplying the demand that arose for spirit tual ministrations. But the Church of England, backward as she had often been before in the history of Evangelism, was without any accredited representative. The Bishop of Adelaide at length selected Sir. Williams, who was is pretty strong health and full of vigour, and he undertook the work ed orcimiHlng the Church system in the newly settle districts. At first he conducted services and preached Eprmctna in very odd places is such as the large room of a. puMithouse, or in a wine store, or in a general." He succeeded in planting churches in the rapidly- ' rising townships ; but the work, soon became far too heavy for him, and after four years' incessant travel, and roughing, he finally broke down again in health, and had to seek change of air. he visited Hobart in 1877, and was offered em play must here by the tahoe, but inasmuch as he had been offered the incumbency of the church where he had formerly served as curate (his northern district being meanwhile divided into four separate cures), he determined on remaining l in South Australia. He retained the incumbency of St. Jude's, Brighton, until last year, when finding the heat of South Australia was trying to his constitution, he determined on seeking a cooler clime. The Bishop of Melbourne promised him a employment as soon i as opportunity offered, and in the meantime be accepted the appointment of locum tenens to Canon Bailey. During his residence here, while he has given offence to those who have no sympathy with high Church views, he has, can have ? working parish) clergyman, won the good opinions of the attendants at St. John's, who include, it - should be mentioned, that only persons residing in the ; parish, but others dwelling in the remoter parts of the 1 city. The calls of the sick and suffering are over readily responded to by him, and he is prompt in visiting and looking up newcomers into his district. 1 St. John's was separated from St. David's parish in 1811, in which year the schoolroom was built, The Rev. J. P. Bell was the first iiicarnlwiit, and he was succeeded by the Nov. 3 p, Windsor. in 1851), the Rev. Vera. Cox was appointed to the parish, and at once set about raising funds for the new church. The fnundatlnn,stnne was laid on Tuesday, 28th December, 1851, by Sir William Denison, The church occupies over four years in building, and was consecrated by Bishop Nixon on 22nd May, ISTIO. The total cost, fM 560, was raised by voluntary contributions through the energy of the Rev. F. H. Cox, who remained in charge of the parish till December, 1880, when he re Bignall on being made Dean of St. David's, Ho WAS succeeded In the incumbency of St. John's by the Rev. T. T. Gellibrand, who retired In March, 1888. The Rev. H. D. Bromby followed, and remained in charge until December, 1873. The next incumbent was the Rev. C. P. Green, who retired in August, 1875'; and the incumbency has been since hold by Canon Bailey. The Beats are all free and open, and the expenses are defrayed by the congregation, with the exception of 100 per annum, received from the Synod funds, The church, wedged in on the bank at the angle of Forest road and Goulburn- street, would externally been neat structure were the little hell-turret removed, and a spire erected on the opposite side. The building is embellished with a number of stained glass windows. Two at the west end are very handsome, the colours being rich at the east end there is a large window of elaborate design, and there are several small a Indnws of stained glass on the north and south shies. The interior looked bright and pleasant on Enter Sunday evening, the evergreen and - BProll _ decorations of pulpit and chancel enhancing its attractive appearance The building was well filled. Being unavoidably late, we missed the psalm-chanting, in which, however, so a musical friend has informed us, the choir did rendered ably. Certainly, to judge from the hymn singing, the chair is a good and efficient one, the bass voices taking their part particularly well. The singers are placed close to and facing the chancel, so that their vocation is almost lost upon the congregation, who however join in the hymn singing heartily. The ~ choir would lead the singing far more effectively if their stalls were arranged in a line with the chancel, instead of athwart the nave. Mr. Williams is over the medium height, and of somewhat robust build, though he had? evidently suffered in health. The face is of the moderately long and broad Baton fine. with light moustache, beard inclining to grey, and darker whiskers and hair. The forehead is full and expen defy: light blue eyes. Anas of resource, enemy, misused remain nilUblUtoUaamw est " '".sssssssssssssssssass Girls intolerant of views opposed to his own. The right mettle for a forcible writer. He looked tired. and somewhat worn out on Sunday night. That May he had administered the Sacrament at 740 mine at li conducted morning prayer, preached, and again administered the Holy Communion (the day" communicants numbering in all 108 and then the evening service and sermon lay before him. Through- out Lent, in addition to the early morning service conducted by him the year round, he had held afternoon service daily, at which there was an average attendance of about 60, to whom on each occasion he had delivered a seven-minutes address. After the hymn, " Como ye faithful, raise the strain, the clergyman ascended the pulpit, and, while the congregation remained standing, pronounced the solemn invocation of the Primate and Catholic Church, in lieu of offering- up the prefatory prayer in the manner of clerics of the Low and Broad Church. "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; " this said, the preacher gave out an appropriate Easter Sunday text part of 9th verse of Romans iv. : " Christ being raised from the dead, doth no more." In ordinary, Mr. Williams keeps his Sabbath sermons in a ten minutes' length, and this time it was very little beyond. In delivery, he was measured in language, simple and explicit; in the expression of his ideas, concise and perspicuous Any remark as to his action in the pulpit would be likoalaugh stated joke diffi- cult to place, for last Sunday night there was none. Certainly, the sermon required very little expressive gesture ; and rather than extravagances in this respect, rather than the babbling of the hands" spoken of by ancient writers, it is preferable to have no gestures" off. Nevertheless, moderate and appropriate gesture h desirable ; it lends variety of expression, and imparts vigour to the delivery. . -¡ j The sermon set forth Easter thoughts reasons OF island have for rejoicing at this season, the consola- tions, the joys, and the hopes that follow in the train of Christ's Resurrection. A grand subject for what of the world, what of Christianity, without that Resurrection ? The preacher first reminded his hearers that the iniquity of mankind was responsible for all Christ's sufferings, His life of poverty, His death of agony and shame; and pointed out that but for His glorious Resurrection, remorse for Bin would be too overwhelm- ing for right- feeling men to bear. But Christ by the Resurrection told them that the sacrifice was accepted, and they need no more grieve for sin without hope, for if they were penitent, He had made atonement for all. Another reason for rejoicing was that they were now enabled to look forward to the Resurrection of loved ones laid to the grave. in connection with this particular thorne, the speaker expressed himself very distinctly on the controversial point often raised-Will there be recognition among relatives and friends after death? It is a question that comes home to all true hearts, for "There is no flock, however watched and tended, But one dead lamb is there ; There is no fireside, howsoe'er defended, But has one vacant chair." Mr. Williams holds that there will very certainly he recognition. "As Christ," he said, ." was restored to the loving gaze of His disciples, RO each true friend of ours that sleeps in Christ Jesus shall shake off the slumber of death, and be given back to envelope' again." Setting forth that by Christ's. resurrection Death is divested of its terrors, the preacher, used happy figures of speech in exemplification of his mean-' leg : "The state of death may be looked upon but in the vestibule or ante-chamber of heaven ; the grave may be looked upon but as a couch whereon the Christian rests his weary limbs, and from which he shall rise up the last day refreshed and strengthened. Now that Christ is risen from the dead and become the first fruits of them that slept the gloom of the old dis- pensation has passed away ; all now is changed ; all now is brightened ; all now is full of hope and light to them that walk faithfully beneath the shadow of (His Cross," At the commencement he had spoken in a subdued, slightly melancholy strain. But ere this he had warmed to his subject, and his clear voice was being used with energy and expression. He next touched upon the consolation the Resurrection brought to UIOBB in trouble, distress, and grievous pain, by affording them the prospect of joy, of peace, and of rest hereafter with Christ, and of a Resurrection to everlasting glory. Then again it brought them consolation when in deep sorrow at the loss of some loved one Proceeding to make a practical application of these thoughts of indebtedness to Christ, he placed before his hearers what he deemed their manifest duty to Christ, " If," he said, " our Lord's glorious Resurrec- tion has worked such a change, has given us such glorious hopes, how ought we to keep this holy season? Do you not think we should try and keep it as Christians-that NO should try and keep it with reverence and a holy ' joy, every one of us coming forward to partake of of that holy feast, the blessed Sacrament of the Lord's body and blood-that Sacrament in which we are found one a Mr Christ and Christ with us ? If you have not been able to do so to-day, let me remind you that the Church Rivers to-morrow and the next day, he opportunities for keeping our Easter as Christians." Here, it will be seen; he; enunciated an opinion and stated a tenet, for both of which he would name the Prayer-book as warranty. He, in effect, claimed that men cannot keep Easter as Christians without communicating;, founding this remark upon the rubric at the end of the Communion service, enjoining members of the Church to communicate at least three times a year (of which Easter is specified as one). Nonconformists, at least, would urge that the rev. gentleman might have said that men cannot keep Easter as Churchmen without coming meetings but that for him to affirm that men cannot keep Easter as Christians-a term that must include all followers of Christ irrespective of of schools of human thought- without partaking of the Sacrament, was to it is an example of that unit rowness of view um] intoler- ance of creed which has been already adverted to. As to whether the High Churchman for the Nonconformist is right is a matter for them to think over, each for liinu«lf,aunder the institute, let us hope, if they come prellt.iii.ive love of that Father who has provided a house of many uianaloiiK, From the Prime extract it will also be observed that Mr. Williams stated one of the cardinal tenets of the High Church party-that which implies thocouvcisioii of the bread and wine of the communion table, into the flesh and blood of the altar in the ano light the clergyman is a minister, in the other a sacrificial present, Again the speaker based his conviction upon part of the teaching of the Prayer-book, taking the words of the Church Catechism in their literal meaning, "The body and blood of Christ which are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper." He holds, doubtless! with Keble, "Enough for m we eat His flesh and drink his blood, more is not told, to enquire if not ghost." And the conflicting to thing of the xxxiv Article afiRe gion has to be explained away, or VWt side ; 'Transubstantiation (or the change of the »ijlutancoof bread and wine in the supper of the Lord cannot be proved by Holy Writ; but it is repugnant to the plain words of Scripture The sermon concluded with the expression of fervent desire and hope that all present might have the presence of Christ in the hour of their death, to help and comfort them, and to reproduce in them that of faith by which He commended His soul unto His Father's hands. So for them, too, Death would lose its sting, the Grave be swallowed up in victory. Having ended, the preacher, turning to the east, pronounced the customary words of ascription to the Trinity. . , 