THE CZABS OBOST. A correspondent writes from St. Petersburg:—" A stray is going about Sf. Petersburg, aad indeed about all Russia, a! to tbe e regular appearance every night, at eleven o'clock, in tbe Cathedral of Kxuit, in St. Pefeerabtltg, of the late Emperor. This ja th r, most popular aad current version of tbe r, story. One night after dosing the cathedra], tbe men on service there pscuetved a figu in a general's uniform kneeling near the altar. Supposing it tobe some belated person, who, absorbed in prayer, had forgotten to go oat in time, they approached to speak to him, but tbe figureimmediately disap- peared. , The next night the same thug wa . repeated, and one cf the priests approach ing recognised the late Emperor in full uniform, and looking much as he had looked some time boon his death. The , priest west to the archbishop, who came and saw the same. The archbishop went tothe metropolitan, who, opening the altar gates, came forward with the cross and addr«arog the figure,said, 'Your Majesty, what is yonr will?' To him alone the apparition aaswesed, ' I mm ptmying for Rnssoa ' Thereoposi 'the metropolitan if said to have fallen down in a fit Whether this be a trick of the orthodox, chureh to excite f e entfau ; of the people for their C. nsoito ; awaken their religiousfaith, or whether it be the materialisation cf a spirit, as txught by Messrs Crooks, BoutiereS; Wagner, and others, is aquestaon difficult to decide. It seems, however, that fact of the appearance of the figureduring ten consecutive . nights is corroborated by too good h to be doubted, and it would be difficult to find a person wining to take opoa himself the responsibilityof soch a profanation. ; Fewpereons, howOTw, among this Intelligen public, believe it to be anything but a boax, but the common people fully believe i the reality of the apparition, and would be ready to ill-treat anyone bold enough toast a donbt on it. Sundry stories circulate as t (he Nihilist having been caught, Others say a tbietf who had an eye on the precious stone which surrouhded some of the imagor but all this is nonsense. At all erects, il the , church has intended to produce some effect by circulating the effect of the apparition, it has fully succeeded. Of coarse ra this event has caused all the spiritualists an spirits 4 in tbe ^npire to rrjoioe and triumph a Many aides are formed toevoke the spirit g of the feuperm,aad spiritaalitp wit£*U its different manifestations is again tar It tqpi One of the St. Petersburg judges ol a Mr Strom ila, has just printed a •What i« Spiritism?' the edition of which was in a mr diys." 