BR£VITIE& I St. Vincent's ball to-morrow. j Suez mail will arrive to-morrow. , Tho bun returns are eagerly looked for. ; Sydney us c^pke full of thieves of every degree. ? Export of coal at Newcastle! for tlie past week, 31,963 tons. ? The *' learned pig' has boon roastod in a firo at Wellington. N.Z. '? Principal occupation in Government offices to-day ; —drawing ' awoeps.' ? Everybody ofP to the races to-day, but no lialf holiday at the Town Hall. Leichardt, steamer, brin^in? 50 head cattle from MarvborouKh (r) to Sydney. ' fetingo ' is all the rag-o to-day. Some people say it will be sing oh by the time the Metrop. is over, i The firemen squabbling- cass was callad on at the Central to-day, and was remanded until to-morrow. , A telegram from Copeland reports rich quartz struck in the Albion claim equal to ten ounces to the ton. P Hon. John Macintosh appointed to the Licensing (Bench in lieu of Mr. Joifn Davies. A capital ap pointment. ? James Kennedy, for committing an assault upon ,Jamos Blaney, was brought up at the Central to-day jsnd was finea ;£5 and coata. [ r The matter of the Coonanbara hats is to be further I inquired into at the Town Hall, to-momwr. Tho } jBgony begins at 11 o'clock in the forenoon. ; Tho Montagu-Turner Opera Company have re turned to Sydney, and Signor I5e Vivo announces jthat they will appear on Saturday next at the Opera j iHousa. j 1 The following is the attendance of the public to j [the Australian Museum for tie mouth of August : — ; |\Veek days (27), C311 ; Sundays (4), 4813 ; total. 11,124. i Tho band of H.M.S. ITelsnn had a very large audience in the Gardens yesterday aft«rnoon, ihou ;sands of people being present to listen to the delight ful music. ; The picnic of the United Labourers' Protective Society at Clontarf, yester'.iay, passed off very well, ;and the party returned to town about 7 o'clock with out mishap. . A flash from Falconbridgre. — Who is the Governor :of Zagazig?' Egypt's sphinx alone can tell, The iGovernor of our Zigzag ie biff — Dictator, Knight, and ITravelled Swell. j The Licensing1 Bench sat at tho Central at noon to- i day, when a number of transfers were granted. I jThere is a goodly list of breaches of the Act set down for hearing this afternoon. If the sum of .£20,000 damages and £4- 4s costs bo ipaid to Alderman Davies' lawyer the action for libel {will not be pursued. Here is a chance for the Mayor ito make out a large cheque all at onco. Constable Sproulo has been promoted to be a senior constable, a promotion that has given universal [satisfaction to his brother constables. Mr. Sproule [is a competent and, withal, obliging officer. Tho quarterly committee meeting of the City jCouncil will take place, according to the Act, at noon ?on Saturday, 9th instant. It will probably adjourn 'after the formal opening until Tuesday. . The gentlemen who sweep the South Head Eoad do it in a reckless fashion that is highly objectionable to shopkeepers and pedestrians. They might put a curb on their impetuosity with advantage. There is a terrific rush for tho Eandwick trams to day, and not the slightest chance of getting a seat at ^King-street. They are almost full when they leave 'the starting place at Bridge-street. Albert Brandon, who is charged with stabbing ?Frank Johnson, was brought up again at the Water Polico Court to- day, and, as the prosecutor is still in the Infirmary, he was further remanded for a week. There will soon have to bo a tramway waiting room erected at tho corner of Bridge and Phillip street. There is a splendid site vacant opposite to .the Governmont offices. When will the Government be able to clothe tho tramway officials in uniforms. Some of vhole suits, gome half, and some none at all. As at present VlrGssed. tafeinc thom n.ltr--»pt1»(vr +,1ipv look a tott job lot indeed. : Mary A. Cook, a woman about 45 year of age, who has been convicted no loss than 50 times, was brought ;up before Sir. Crane at the Central to-day, for having no lawful visible mean* of support, and eent to gaol for four months. ? 'Swear him on the Koranj' said Mr. Dillon, at the Central, to-day, referring to an Indian witness in tho boz. And the constable looked round the floor as if in search of a brick. The Koran was, however. subsequently prodnced and the oath duly taken. In a Sunday selling case this morning, great stress was laid upon tho fact that the landlord was much frightened when the police entered. 'How did he look?' asked the lawyer — 'as if he'd seen a ghost?' 'Esacly,' replied Lenthall, 'tho inn spectre.' For the services rendered by the Hook and Ladder Brigade, Mr. Keep, the ironmonger, has presented Mr. Superintendent M'Guinness with an excellent lamp for the use of the Surrey Hills Company. M' Guinness took him at his word and carted the lamp off at once for fear of accidents. And now he is happy. The engine driver, John Sheedy, who was prose cuted a short time ago by the Government for negli gently driving a motor, and who was discharged by tho Court with the remark that ho was entirely guiltless, has been re-instated to his position, and all expenses paid by tho Government. This is as it. shonld be. With reference to our brevity yesterday anent tho four postal deliveries, we may state that though there is an extra round, which entails increased labor on the carriers, instead of taking place earlier than the old time deliveries, it is an additional one during the day only, and of no practical benefit to the great bulk of the community. D uring the whole of yesterday two streams of water were kept playing on the remains of the fire in Clarence-street. For fear that the walls should fall and any accident result therefrom a number of police ?were stationed in the immediate vicinity to keep the public from going too near. An alarm was raised last night that the fire had broken out again, but this was found not to be the case. Two seamen, named David Maher and Robert Thomas, belonging to tho ship Black Adder, were brought up at the Central to-day, charged with dis orderly conduct on board that vessel, but in the absence of the prosecutor they were discharged. A teaman belonging to the ChildTra.ll was sent to gaol for two weeks for wilfully disobeying orders. Two black men were up before Mr. Dillon this morning, one being the complainant, and the other a defendant in a case of threatening language. Their ?wives (white women) were also mixed up in the inatter and gave evidence, after which Mr. Dillon dismissed the case, saying it seemed to him there was not much fear of cither of tho men hurting them-, gelvos. A correspondent desires to call the attention of tho Balmain police to the conduct now being practiced in the Garryowen Grove, West Balmain. There can be found every Sunday from 50 to 60 gamblers playing (for money.* Now that the police are not required to watch the public-houses in this vicinity they might give the neighbours living in this gambling vicinity a helping hand, and try forthwith to stop this conduct. Mr. Dillon has made a joke, and though some what ' far fetched,' rot a bad one. The cus tomer witness was the publican defendants' brother in-law. And Mr. Levien said, ' It comes to this then your Worship, that an hotelkeeper cannot give a drink to his near relatives.' 'Exactly,' shipped in Mr. Dillon. ' Must be distant relatives ?— you know — over five miles. Guilty. 40s; 5s 6d posts ; levy and distress. Next case.' There are great complaints as to the condition of the South Head-road. It is a Government road, but the Government do very little for it. _ Whether v.-indy or not, clouds of dust are always raised by the tramcars, from the brewery at Paddington to the toll-bar. Tho Corporation of Paddington won't, of icourse, pay the expense of improving or wateringthe thoroughfare in question, and the Government cer tainly don't feel inclined, consequsntly the public puffer. Tho Paddington Council would wait upon the Government as a deputation, but Ministers now ride euch a high horse that they won't receive suburban municipalities . Choir Rehearsal. St. Mary's Cathedral opening = this evening at 8 o'clock in the Cathedral. M. J. Pitzpatrick, hon. sec. — Advt. 1 Read Charles Huenerbein'u advertisement about bis Pianos. — Advt. ? Note the ' White Star' brand pure and high-class Old Whiskies. — Advt. . Tattersall's Consultation on the Free Handicap. 1000 subs. First horse, .£500. Now open, and will eloso as early as possible. — Adtt. : To Backers of Horses and the Racing Public. — Be prepared for waking home in case of going broke at Jiandwick, and purchaso your BootB and Shoes at John Hunter's City Boot Palace, next to the Red JIouso, 454, George-st. They cannot be surpassed for case, comfort, and elegance, combined irith economy. (-Adtt. i — _ ? , ? — ? i Novei. Cibcds Boti.dii.-o. — The building now in course -f erection on the Haynmrkot reserve, has been specially lesignod by Mr. John AVUson, and for seating- and Ting .ccosunodtttion, arranfrement for menagerie, and dressing ?ooms for eirty artists, decorations, UchtiDjr. ilnd comfort )f patrons, none csn surpass it for finish and completeness, lerr Schumann, tho inoxvellotu) hone trainer, turn been lnromlttlar In Us tttentlons night and day in order to insure its completion In time for the opening. He wna iraeh exposed to nlsbt-iwnp, mnd tLo result was severe ?lieuia&tlo; pains fn th* bmck and left leg. A few cppli :atiou» of Mr. *ftmtoa'n tVlnrd Ofl brought roller, and ,Ue pain rfaA inflamms.tlcm «oon disappeared entirely. Herr chunwna keeps a Bupplj oonraniont in case of » simitar ecnrreSM*. No equestrian, dnxnotte or operatic ?raat ionsiders hie outfit oomtdcte nritaw Weston'e W«ard Oil is : ncludoi. This great American jecjuedy acts specifically -n BrouEotfa, Gout, ai^KldMrCoinplaii^ aadis^e jegt Internal remedy tor Cholera, Spasms, and «11 disorders & tfrtLrtar and Stomach* Ko professional Bjbptdd jtraral rithout* l*-t«e of Wwton'e Wlmrd -MJ.—~ ***?'*»* v$jmr~ijm. - ?— *-* 