THE SALVATION ARMY. llio following nra some of tho nnuounco. ments on a placard issued by tho Salvation Army in Loods. Tho Christian World says 'We havo no hesitation in flaying that a more atrocious document haa never appeared, Aftor, mo usual proclamation of 'War 1 war ! I'.otc., nnd sn invitation to ovorybody to 'join in ' tho fight against Old Nick,' tho plan of attack is thus doacribed ' 'Monday, 5th. Juno at a quarter to (eight, salvation charge. Tuesday, grout' exhibition of hallelujh lassos. Wednes day, firo and brimstone. Thuraday, roll-call ; soldiers to deliver up thoir cartridges. Friday, at half past sovon, baptism of 'fire. Saturday. at a quarter to eight, rejoicing ovor victories won all over tho shop meetings. Sunday, 11th June, at seven, a.m., kuoo-drill; ammunition oup- pliod 'to soldiers by qnartor-master- gonoral cloven a.m., descont of the Holy Ghost ; half past two p.m., tremendous free and ca&y; ; half- past six p.m., groat cbargo on tbo devil ; nino p.m., (hallelujah gallop.'1 Did this placard . otand nlono, we might think it tho work of somo rash and ignorant captain'; but, un fortunately, it is only a spociinon of tho style in which tho Army is now carrying on tho war, nnd for which General Booth roust be hold directly responsible. No one who has any reverence for diviuo things can road this placard without being filled with a'aenso of shamo,' horror and disgust." ' , , Cquo'u Farrar, from tho pulpit of West minster Abboy, warned Gonorul Booth and his nBEOciiitea that they woro not only shocking tho Christian conocienco by thoir almost, bias.- phomous travo?ty of the most snored myatevios of tbo religion of Josns, but taking a courao which cunuot but bo attoudod with tho most. soi ions ; Hpiritunl danger, to thoir convorts' Cahuoti Farrar referred to tho fact that ho had joiued in inviting Messrs Moody and Sankoy to London as. a proof , that ho is not animated by .Qcclpsiastical projudico or soctarian fooling in now denouncing tho extravagances of the Salvatipu Army. ' , Tlio Earl of Shaftesbury is uot an admirer of' tho j Salvation Army', n Ho says that ho cannot ondorso tbo nnuio given tothoarmy. He called tbo namo "downright blaBphemy," nnd expressed the opinion that tho oxcossesof tho army woro " produoing groat irrovoronco of though, of expression, of action, turning re ligion into a play, aud making it grotbaquo , and fainilinri"— -Bondigo Advortisor, 