THAT LITTLE SQUAEE BOX , " ALII aboard?" said the captain. = "All aboard, sir 1" said the mate. " Then stand by to let her go."i It was nine o'clock on a "Wednesday morning. The good ship' Spartan was lying off Boston Quay with her cargo under hatches, her-passengers shipped, and everything prepared" for a start. The warning whistle had been sounded twice, the final bell had been rung. Her bowsprit was turned towards England, and the hiss of escaping steam showed that all was ready for her run of three thousand miles. She strained at the warps , that held her like a greyhound at its leash. I have the misfortune to be a. very nervous man. A sedentary literary life has helped to increase the morbid love of solitude which, even in my boyhood, was one of my distinr, guishing characteristics. As I stood upon the quarter-deck of the Transatlantic, steamer I bitterly-cursed the necessity which drove me back to the land of my forefathers. The shouts of the sailors, the rattle o^ the cordage the farewells of my fellow-passengers, and the cheers of the mob, each and all jarred upon my sensitive nature. I felt sad too. An in describable feeling, as of some impending calamity, seemed to haunt me. The sea was calm, and the breeze light. There was noth ing to disturb the equanimity of the most confirmed of landsmen, yet I felt as if I stood upon the verge of a great though indefinable danger. I have noticed that such presenti ments occur often in men of my peculiar tem perament, and that they are not uncommonly fulfilled. There is a theory that it arises from a species of second - sight, a subtle spiritual communication with the future. I well remember thatHerr Baumer, the emin ent spiritualist, remarked on one occasion that I was the most sensitive subject as regards supernatural phenomena that he had ever encountered in the whole of his wide experi ence. Be that as it may, I certainly felt far from happy as I threaded my. way among the weeping, cheering groups which dotted the white decks of the good ship :Spartan. Had I known the experience which- awaited me in the course of the next twelve hours I would even then at the last moment have sprung upon the shore,, and made my escape from the accursed vessel. " Time's up!' said the captain, closing his chronometer with a snap, and replacing it in his pocket. ' Time's up!' said the mate. There was a last wail from the whistle, a rush of friends and relatives upon the land. One warp was loosened, the gangway was being pushed away, when there was a shout from the bridge, and two men appeared, running rapidly down the quay. They were waving their hands and making frantic gestures, ap parently with the intention of stopping the ship. " Look sharp 1" shouted :the crowd. "Hold hard 1" cried the captain. "Ease her 1 stop lierl Up with the gangway!" and the two men sprang aboard just as the second warp parted, and. a convulsive throb of the engine shot tis clear of the shore. There was a cheer from the deck, another from the quay a mighty fluttering of handkierchiefs, and the great vessel ploughed its way out of the har bour, and'steamed grandly away across the placid bay. We were fairly started upon onr fortnight's voyage. There was a general dive among the passengers in guest of firths and luggage, while a popping of corks in the saloon proved that more than one bereaved traveller ? was adopting artificial means for drowning, the pangs of separation. I glanced round the deck and took a running inventory of my co'mpagnons'de voyage. They presented, the usual types met with upon these occasions.' There was no striking face among them. I spe^k as a connoisseur, for faces are a specialty of imne. I pounce upon a characteristic feat ure as a botanist does on a flower, and f bear it away, with me to analyse at my. leisure, and classify and label it in my'little anthropological museum. ; There sas nothing worthy of me nere. Twenty types, of young America going to"Turnip," a few respectable middle-aged i couples- as'an antidote, a sprinkling of clergy | men and professional men, young ladies, bag iaen, British exclusives, and all the ollapodrida of an. ocean-going^ steamer. I .turned away from them and'gazed. back, at the receding shores of America, and; as a cloud' of remem brances rose before me, my heart warmed to wards the land of my adoption. ..A'pile of portmanteaus, and luggage chanced to be ly ing on one side of the; deck," awaiting, their turn to be taken below. With my .usual love .for solitude I walked behind these and sitting . 1 on a coiLof rope between them andthe vessel's . side, I indulged in a melancholy reverie., v I was aroused from this, by a whisper be-, hind me. " Here's a quiet place," said the voice, " Sit down and we can talk it over in safety.'.' ' ;,;i. Glancing through a chink, between two : colossal chests, I saw that the passengers.who had joined us.at the last/moment were^stand ing at the other side of the pile. They, had evidently, failed to see me as I crouched in the shadow of, the boies. The one who had spoken was,a tall and very thin man with & .blue-black beard and a colourless, face. His manner,was nervous and excited. -53s com panion ? w^8 a short plethoric little fellow,1 with a'brisk and resolute air.. He had.a cigar in his mouth,- and a large ulster slung over MB left arm. 'They both glanced round, un easily, 8(S, if to ascertain whether they were aloneV " This is just the place," I heard the other say. They sat down on a bale of goods with their backs turned towards me, and I -found myself, much against mjr will, playing the unpleasant,part of caves-dropper to their conversation. ; ( " Well, Muller," said the taller of the'two, we've got it aboard right enough." \- "Yes," assented the man whom he had . addressed as Muller, " it's safe aboard." ? " It was rather a near, go." . ,fIt was, that, Hannigan." , . "It wouldn't have done to have missed the ship," , ; " No,"it wouldhavo putou* plans out." "Ruined them entirely," said the littleman, and puffed furiously at his cigar for some minutes. . " I've'got it here," he said at last. Let me see it." . - . , . I1'Is no one looking ?" . . - " No, they are nearly all below." "'We can't be too careful where so much, is at stake,-" said Muller, as . he -uncoiled the .ulster whioh hung over his arm, and disclosed a dark object which he laid upon the deck. One glance at it 'was: enough to cause me to spring to - my-feet . with an ? exclamation of horror. Luckily-they were so engrossed in .the matter ?on hand that neither of them ob served me. Had they turned their heads they would'infallibly.have seen my pale faoe.-glar ing at them over the pile of boxes. 1 From the first moment of their conversation a horrible 'misgiving had. come over me. It seemed more-than. confirmed as I gazed at what, lay before me. It was a little square box made of^some:darx^ wood, and ribbed with brass, I suppose it was about the size of a cubic foot. It reminded me of a pistol- case, only it was decidedly higher. ' There was an appendage to it, however, on which my eyes were riveted, and which suggested the pistol itself rather than its receptacle. This was a trigger-like arrangement upon the . lid, to which a coil of string was attaohed. Beside this trigger there was a small square aperture through the wood. The tall man,Flannigan, as his companion called him, applied his eye to this and .peered in for several minutes with an expression of intense anxiety upon his j face. | " It seems right enough," he said at last, " I tried not to shake it," said his compan ion.. - . " Such delicate things ..need delicate treat ment. Put in some of the needful, Muller." The shorter,man fumbled in his pocket for .some time, and then produced' a small paper packet. He opened this, and took out of it half a handful of whitish granules, which he poured down through the hole. A curious t clicking noise followed from the inside of. the box, and both the men smiled in a satisfied way. " Nothing much wrong there,", said Hanni gan._ " . ; "Bight as a trivet," answered his compan ion. . " Look out I here's some one coming. Take it down to our berth. It wouldn't do to have | any one suspecting what our game is, or, worse still, have them fumbling with it, and letting it off by mistake." " Well, it would come to the same, whoever let it off," said Muller. "They'd be rather astonished if they pulled the trigger," said the taller, with a sinister laugh. " Ha, ha! fancy their faces! It's not a bad bit of workmanship, I flatter myself." No,?' said Muller. " I hear it is your own design, every bit of it, isn't it?" . , " Yes, the spring and the sliding shatter are my own;" " We should take out a patent." And the two men laughed, again with a cold harsh laugh, as they took up the little brass-bound package, and concealed it in Muller's volumi nous overcoat. " Come down, and we'll stow it in our berth," said Flannigan. " We won't need it until to night, and it will be safe there." His companion assented, and the two went arm-in-arm along the deck and disappeared down the hatchway, bearing the mysterious little box away with them. The last words I heard were a muttered injunction from Flanni gan to carry it carefully, and. avoid knocking it against the bulwarks. How long I remained sitting on that coil of rope I shall never know. The horror of the conversation I had just overheard was aggra vated by the first sinking qualms of 'sea-sick ness._ The long roll of the Atlantic was be ginning to assert itself over both ship and passengers. I felt prostrated in mind and in body, and fell into a state of collapse, from which I was finally aroused by the hearty voice of our worthy quartermaster. Do you mind moving out of that sir, he said. " We want to get this lumber cleared off the deck." His bluff manner and ruddy healthy face seemed to be a positive insult to me in my present condition. Had I been a courageous or a_ muscular man I could have struck him. As it was, I treated the honest sailor to a melodramatic scowl which seemed to cause him no small astonishment, and strode past him to the other Bide of the deck. Solitude was what I wanted-solitude in which I could brood over the frightful crime which was being hatched before my very eyes. One of the quarter boats , was hanging rather low £own upon the davits. An i^ea struck me, and,' climbing on the bulwarks, I stepped into th§ empty boat and lay down in the bottom of it. Stretched on my back, with nothing but the blue sky above me, and an1 occasions! view of the mizen as the vessel rolled, I was at least alone with my sickness and my thoughts. . ' I tried to recall the words whioh had been spoken in the terrible dialogue'! had over heard. Would they admit of any construc tion but the one which stared me in the face? My reason forced me to confess that they would not. I endeavored t® array the various facts which formed the chain of circumstan tial evidence, and to find a flaw in .it; but no, not a link was missing: There was- the strange way 'in which f our.:passengers had come ''aboard, enabling them. to eyade . any examination of their luggftge. The very name of (Flannigan' pmacked of Fenianism, while . Muller' suggested nothing but Socialism and murder. Then their mysterious manner; their remark that their plans 'would have been ruined-had- they »missed the ship; their fear of being observed; last but not1 least, the clenching evidence in the production of the little square' box with the trigger, and their grim joke about ,the face .of-the/man who' should let it, off by mistake,-could these facts lead to'any con clusion other than->that they ."were, the des perate emissaries of some body, 'politioal or otherwise,- and intended v to sacrifice ' them selves, . their iellow- passengers, and the ship, in one great holocaust ? The whitish granules which I had seen one of them pour into. .the box formed no. doubt a fuse or train for ex ploding it. I had myself heard a sound come from it which might have .emanated from some delicate pieoe of machinery. But" what, did they mean by their allusion to to night? Could/itbe that they contemplated [putting their horrible desigif into' execution on the very first evening of our voyage ? , .The mere thought off it sent A cold : shudder over me, and made me for a moment superior even to the'&gonies; of sea-siokness. , ,. ? a. I havei remarked .that I ama.physical coward. I am a moral one also. >It is seldom: that the two defects are united to such a degree in the one character.. I have known many men who were most sensitive to bodily danger, and yet' were distinguished for the indepen dencejand strength of their minds.. In my own' case, however, I regret to say that my quiet and retiring habits had fostered a nervous dread of doing -anything remarkable , or making myself conspicuous, which exceeded, if possible, my fear of personal peril. An ordinary mortal placed 'under the circum stances in which I now found myself /would have gone at once to the. captain, confessed his fears, and ptit the matter into his hands. To me, however, constituted as I am, .the idea was most-repugnant. The thought of be coming the observed of all observers, cross-, questioned by a stranger,. and confronted with two desperate conspirators in the cha racter of a denouncer, was hateful to me. Might it not by:some remote possibility prove that I was mistaken ? What would be my feelings if there should turn out to be no ?grounds'for my accusation? No,,I would procrastinate; I wonld keep my eye on'the' two desperadoes and dog them at every .turn. Anything .was better than the possibility, of being wrong. . , ; !;:;t ? Then it struck me that even at that moment-some n£w-phase of the conspiracy might be developing itself. The nervous ex citement seemed, to have driven away my in ^cipient attack oi sickness^ for I was able to stand up and .'lower, myself from- the boat without experiencing. any return of it. I staggered along the deck with the intention of descfenditig into the cabin," arid finding how my Acquaintances of the morning .were occu pying themselves. Just. as I had my hand on the companion-rail, I -was astonished by re ceiving a hearty slap on the back, which nearly shot me down the steps with more haste than dignity. "Is that you, Hammond?" said a voice which I seemed to recognise. "God bless me,",,I said as I turned round, "it can't be Dick Merton! Why, how.are you, old man?" V Tfyis was an unexpected piece of luck in the midst of my perplexities. Dick was just the man I wanted; kindly and shrewd in his nature, and prompt in his 'actions, I should have no difficulty in telling .him my sus picions, and could rely upon his sound sense to point out the best course to pursue. Since I was a little' lad jn.the second form at Harrow, Dick had been my adviser and pro tector. He saw a glance that something had gone wrong with me. " Hullo 1" he . said, in his kindly way, ".what's, put. you about, Hammond?' You look as wMte as a sheet. Mai de mcr, eh ?" " No, not that altogether,'.' said.I. ." Walk up and down with me, Dick; I want to speak to you.- Give me your arm.". . Supporting myself on Dick's stalwart frame, I tottered along byHis'side;' but'it was some time before T could muster resolur tion to speak. "Have a cigar," said he, breaking the silence. . " No thanks," said I. " Dick, we shail be all corpses to-night." .. "That's no reason against your having a cigar now," said Dick, in his cool way, but looking hard at me from under his shaggy eyebrows as he spoke. He evidently thought that my intellect was a little gone. , . "No," I continued, "it's no laughing matter; and, I speak in sober earnest, I assure you. I have discovered an infamous con spiracy, Dick, to destroy this ship and every soul that is in herand I then proceeded systematically and in order, to lay before him the chain of evidence which I had collected. "There, Dick," I said, as I concluded, "what do you think of that? and, above all, what am I to do ?" To my astonishment he burst into a hearty fit of laughter. . "I'd-''be frightened," he said, "if any fellow but you had told me as much. You always had a way, Hammond, of discovering mare's nests. I like to see the old traits breaking out again. Do you remember at school how you swore there was a ghost in the long room, and how it turned'out to be your own reflection in the mirror ? Why, man," he continued, " what object would any one have in destroying this ship ? We have no great political guns a-board. On the contrary, the majority of the passengers are Americans. Besides in this sober nineteenth century, the most wholesale murderers stop at including themselves among their victims. Depend upon it, you have misunderstood them, and have mistaken a photographic camera, or something equally innocent, for ar infernal machine." " Nothing of the sort, sir," said I ratbr touchily, " Yoq will learn to your cost I fear, that I have neither exaggerated nor r-is interpreted a word. As to the box, I Jave certainly never before seen one like it It contained delicate machinery; of that i am convinced, from the way in which th< men handled it and spoke of it. " You'd make out every packet of pershable goods to be a torpedo," said Dick, .'if that is to be your only test." "The man's name.was Flannigan" I con tinued. (Concluded in our next.) 