A VENETIAN GHOST STOBY. OF the Valle det Sette Morti there is a utory current among the tbe gondoliers and fishermen. There were six men fishing once in this " Valle" of tbe Seven Dead They bad with them a little boy, the son of of one of their band. Tbe boy did not go fishing with his father, but Btaved behind to take care of the hut, and to cook tbe meals for the men when they returned. He spent the nights alone in the cabin, for most of tbe fishing was done between sunset and sunrise. One day as the dawn was beginning across tbe water, tbe men stopped their fishing, and began to row home with thei load as usual. As they rowed along they met the body of a drowned man £oing out to eea with tbe tide. They picked the body up and laid it on the prow, the head resting upon the arm, and rowed on slowly to the hut. The little boy was watching for them, and went down to the edge of the canal to meet tbem. He saw the body of the seventh man lying on the prow, but thought tbat be was asleep. So, when tbe boat came near, be cried to bis father, " Breakfast is ready ; come along I" and with tbat be turned and went back to the hut. Tbe men followed the boy, and left the dead man lying on the prow. When they bad sat down the boy looked round and said " Where is the other man? Why don't you bring bim into breakfast, too ?" " Oh 1 isn't he here ?" cried one; and then added, with a laugh, " You bad better go and call him ; he must be asleep." The boy went down to tbe canal and shouted, " Why don't you come to breakfast P It is all ready for you.'" But the man on the prow never moved nor answered a word. So the boy returned to tbe but, and said, " Wbat is the matter with the man, be won't anBWer," " Oh," said they, " he is a deaf old fool. You must shout loud and swear at him." Tbe boy went back again and cried, " Come along, you fool, tbe others are waiting for you." But the man on the prow never moved nor answered a word. Then tbe boy ran back to the hut and said, " Come ene of you, for I can't wake bim up." But they laughed and anSWBTed. " Go out again and shake him by. theleg; tell him we can't wait till doomsday for him." The boy went down to the water once more. He got into the boat and shook tbe man by the leg. Then the man turned and sat on tbe prow, and said to the bov, " Wbat do you want ?" " Why on earth don't you come P Are tbey ell to wait till doomsday for you ?" " Go back and tell tbem tbat I am coming." So the boy went back to the hut and found tbe men laughing and joking. " Well I wbat did he Bay ?" they cried. "It is all right," answered the boy, he says he is coming." The men turned pale and looked at one another, and sat very still and laughed no more. Then outside they heard footsteps coming slowly up the patb. The door was pushed open and the dead man came iu and sat down in the boy's place, the seventh at tbe table. But each sat with his eyes fixed upon tbe seventh, their gueBt, they could .not move or speak. Their gaze was fastened on the dead man's face. Their blood flowejl^biller and chiller in their veins till, as thesiin lose and flashed slang the lagoon, there ' were seven dead men sitting round the . table in the room.— JPall Mall Gazette. 