ROUNDABOUT NOTES. Wandering Minstrel. CONSISTENT. . It is a fact, I am told, that no person can obtain employment as a teacher under the Department of Public Instruction unless he or she produces a testimonial from a clergy man. This proves the; secular nature of our system fully. But what, may I ask, is the value of a minister's certificate beyond that of anv other resnectable nerson. A vicar lately supplied one to a teacher who denies the existence of God, devil, heaven, or hell, and also scoffs at the efficacy of prayer — in fact an out and out ' freethought' votary, as are all the family, and the vicar knows it well. The teacher is not to blame, of course ; but the vicar, who is a meddlesome ' Matty,' is to blame, I fancy ; as he professes to de nounce infidelity, and scolds even newspapers that publish matter in the slightest degree questionable on religious matters. AWKWARD. I went to Church the other day — it is not often I do so now — although I am not an atheist, as some have been bold enough to assert, neither am I an infidel, as tho vicar suggested confidentially — distance prevents. Well, on my right was a gent, with a nice tenor voice, and with a good knowledge of church music, I fancy — that is, modern church' music. The ' Venite' passed off well. When the ' Te Deuni' started, all went well till we reached the eleventh verse, when the choir did the ancient pointing and the distinguished tenor, the modern style, as pertaining in Windsor Chapel, St. Paul's, Westminster, Hatcham, and Well- street, in the used-up old country^ ; so that a sort of fugue a la meddly was going on. My neigh Twin* qv»/1 1 r»r\lrnrl oatti cjtttV* n 4: u,i bvXUUXCU uxiu Auvavu gvutv it vvxi- fused, but regained assurance as I nudged his elbow and whispered, ' Never mind, you are right, they are wrong.' The fact is, the old method of ' The fa-a-ther of an in finite ma-jes-tee' has been superseded by taking the words — ' The father of an in finite majesty' to first three bars of the chant, majesty falling on the answering note to the reciting note — ' Thine honour able, true, and only Son,' second portion of chant ; ' also the Holy Ghost,' third part; ' the Comforter,' last portion. This avoids the objectiable lingering out of the syllables or f ' tee' at the end of a word. In chanting psalms, the words thus ending should be pronounced sharply as a whole. I would not have mentioned this but that a lady said to me, ' Did not that fellow make himself ridiculous with his wrong words, just to show off his voice ?' To which I replied, 'It seems ridiculous that a crack choir as you profess yours to be is so grossly ignorant of the proper pointing of the words of the * TeDeum.' ' SURPRISE. The Governor, on proceeding to Hay on the occasion of the opening of the railway, expressed his surprise at the vast area of country he passed through without an in habitant — nothing to be seen but sheep, sheep. Thanks to our land laws and squat ter rule, aided by systematic deception and treachery. There are smouldering in Egypt the ashes of a mighty conflagration that will set all Europe on fire shortly. So there is m New South Wales a slow fire smouldering, especially in Sydney, which will soon burst into a conflagration, dethroning oppression that misrules us now, wresting the people's lands from the monopolists, stopping the taxation of the poor for the comfort of the wealthy, as at present ; breaking up the ring that supports Asiatic labour, and is using its influence in building up a second Ireland, and silencing for ever shoddy politicians who cry out for remission of interest— unlocking the lands they say. And what do they do ? Select and immediately sublet, thus perpe tuating a system of landlords and tenants that has proved so horribly burthensome in Ireland. But why do so many sell out selections ? Simply because nothing is per manent, Nothing is open ; deception forms a part' of every clause of our land laws and regulations. This is a country for the pro pagation of ultra Toryism , or, at least, where such was sought to be introduced, wealth being the aristocracy supported by the clergy of an established Church ; pandering to 'the rich and making themselves rich, and having, command over a lot of poor folk, slaves, pulling the forelock to them, being ground down and oppressed as are the sons of Erin to-day. But a great change is com ing, is close at hand. The great nations of Europe will soon be struggling in battle and evicting the Mohammedan from Palestine, where our Divine Redeemer did his marvel lous works. The scene of Joseph's triumphs. is now the scene of discontent, war, and desolation, and philanthropic England fight ing for others to the neglect of her own people and their welfare, is about to receive a stunning blow, under which she will stagger, and may be eventually fall to a second rate power, a just punishment for her sins of omission to her people. The era of kings and 'queens is dying out fast. Who ? ' ? -s A- m Atlfl /'\4- 'AAAV in can look at the numbers of poor in the British Isles and her dependencies slaving and toiling for a mere pittance but will cry shame at the money wrung from the people to support the Royal Family and their wives when they choose to marry. Queen Victoria is an excellent Queen ; but, with her wealth, why should 'the nation support tho family ? Her Majesty spends more in charity in Germany than in 'Britain, it is said ; hence her sympathies must be there. England learned a severe lesson, in 1854, and it was then said that thirty years hence she would be assailed and terribly tried. It is now com ing; if so, her dependencies may look out. Victoria is obtaining the services of com petent officers from the British authorities at home; but,' as Parkes thinks that home folk can't teach us anything, he will prob ably take command himself, and' hasten our destruction. There are more unlikely things than Sydney in ashes come to pass. 