THEATRE ROYAL. .. ' Tho auqunceuiont that AIis3 LouiBO' Puinoroy would appear as Hamlet, drew a- vory large.'.at- tendanco lo tlio Theatre Royal 011 : 'Saturday liight. It was a bold stroke for a lady to risk her professional reputation in taking .the oharactor of Hmnlot, which lias already hrid so many able oxponents on eolomal boards ; but tho' ednfi- dcnco in lior own abilities to worthily pourtray one of tho best conceptions of- thu " Great Drri-. matist," liad not buon over-estimated by Miss Poinofoy, for though it would lio too mucU Jo say tliat lie'r Hai'ulol is tlio best wd have 'Seen',' still she maintained tho part iu a iniiniier tliat'cafii- parps favourably with aom'q wlio have inildb ijoasj? of greater ability and pretensions. H!pi' 'acting ovinced careful study of tho part, and Whilst sho" has marked out some departures, from older xo- presentations; -tho character did not suffer tborp'-j by, rind a freslniess was given to tlio picco which made it interesting oven to those who have often witnessed tlio same play. Aliss Ponierey's voice should perhaps liavo boon a little niore masculine to givo truo effect to tlio oharactor of the Prince ; butapartfroui this there was nothing to bodesirod; The company supporting Aliss Pouioroy is a good ono all round, and tlio Ophelia; of Aliss "'"-o Kouinui is paroicuiariy wortny ot notico. Tliis lady iii lior ropreseutation of tiio loye-do- inented damsel was only outshonoby the greater light of Misb Pomoroy, aud / sho received .- .well- mpritpd oncouragoincut from tho audience,: on, this hor first appearanco in Castlomaino. Tho Queen Gortrudo of Aliss Kate Ardou was not so well suited to lior as tlio character of Miss Cor:1 - lielia Curlylo in East Lynne ; but sho comported hcrsolf with dignity nnd graco llirough'tlie many trials of tho pioce. Air iiulluway made a good ghost, but lio, too, lias been seen to "inure" ad-' Vaiitago. Air Hugh Powor, as tho ' first, actor, was well recoivod for liis rondering of tho part, as was also Aliss Flqreuco Lewis as tho player Queen. ; Tho Osric of AUbb Blanclie. Lewis was an excellent representation. Air Cliarlus 'Hall; as King Claudius was 0110 of thu best efforts of tho" evening ; and together with Air Edwin Palinor as Poiunius well merited tiio applausu accorded. Air Georgo' P. Carey as first gravediggor > was amusing, and tlio Laertes of Mr Arthur Elliott wps oxcclleutly taken. Tho othor characters woro also played ivith good tante ' alid dis- criminating judgment. Tho play was well put on thq boards, aud altogethor a very su'ecpssful ropreson lation was given. . " ' 