TUESDAY, DEC. 26. (Before Mr. C. J. P. Lydiard, J.P.) Two drunks were discharged. Patrick Dunn and Peter Thompson were charged with using obscene language, and were each fined 5s, in default 24 hours' im- prisonment. John Walsh was charged with deserting his wife, and leaving her without support. — Re- manded for seven days. Bail allowed. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. — There is no business on the paper for the Council meeting which is fixed for to-day. ACCEPTED TENDERS. — It is announced in the Gazette that the undermentioned tenders have been accepted : — Glanmire Public School, new buildings, J. Wiburd. Triangle Flat Public School, new buildings, J. Wiburd. Brewongle Public School, watercloset and fencing, S. F. Smith. APPOINTMENT. — Miss Dora Neal has been ap- pointed teacher of the Burnt Yards Provisional School. PRESENTATION. — At the breaking-up of the R. C. Certified Denomination Boys School on Friday afternoon last, the head teacher — Mr. O'Brien — was made the recipient of an address and testimonial from the scholars. Mr. O'Brien is about to remove to another sphere of labour, and in the address the scholars referred to his departure in terms of regret, and expressed the feelings of affection which they entertained towards Mr. O'Brien. The testimonial con- sisted of a beautiful silver cup, elaborately chased and suitably inscribed. Mr. O'Brien has made many friends during his stay in Bathurst, and we join with all those who know him in wishing him abundant success in the future. THE CASE OF WILLIAM HOLLOW. — In response to the suggestion thrown out on Saturday last in a paragraph which appeared in the Free Press several charitably disposed persons have already come forward and assisted the widow of the late William Hollow. Mrs. Hollow is anxious to return to England where her late husband's relations reside, and as it is desirable that she should be enabled to travel at once, a subscrip- tion list has been prepared, and those willing to further contribute will have an opportunity of doing so. Contributions will be thankfully received at this office. TEMPERANCE SPORTS. — The Temperance Sports arranged for New Year's Day — Monday next — promise to be very attractive. A liberal programme has been drawn up, and as some of the prizes are well worth competing for, the entries should be numerous. The sports will take place on the Agricultural Show Ground. A DARING ATTEMPT. — Between 12 and one o'clock a.m., on Saturday a man in the employ of A. T. Kerr, Esq., J.P., of Welwood, was aroused from sleep by hearing the horses in the stable making a noise. He got up, and whilst dressing to go out heard some person running past. Pulling back the window blind he saw a man running away carrying something. He immediately ran out and taking a double barrelled gun with him, which was loaded, he called to the supposed thief to stand. No notice was taken, and the man was about twelve foot from the stockyard, the servant fired and the thief fell, roaring as is described, like a bull, dropping a saddle and bridle which he was carrying bespattered with blood. The servant was following when he tripped and fell causing the other barrel to go off. On reaching the stockyard another man was seen there holding Mr. Kerr's own saddle horse, ready saddled, which had been taken from the stable. It was also found that all the horses in the paddock had been yarded. On the second shot going off the horse being held broke away and was followed by those in the yard. The servant went to arouse the inmates of the house and and procure ammunition, and on returning in about ten minutes with young Mr. Kerr no traces of the would-be thieves could be found. The police have the matter in hand, and it is hoped may soon be able to render an account of this daring attempt at wholesale horse stealing fortunately frustrated. — Orange Ad- vocate. The Wangaratta Despatch narrates the fol- lowing particulars of a remarkable accident which occurred at Eldorado on Thursday, 23rd ult. : — "It appears a girl aged about 16! years daughter of Mr. McGregor, was standing on the road when a person on horseback was passing, and before the poor girl could get out of the way the animal stumbled and fell on top of her. In stumbling the animal somehow threw up a lump of a stick 4 feet long and about the thickness of a man's wrist. In falling the blunt end of the stick was in contact with the horse's shoulder, the sharp end meeting the girl's right breast. The weight of the falling horse sent the stick right through the poor child's body, entering at the right breast and coming out at her back by the shoulder, and then entering the ground, pinning her to the earth. The mother of the poor girl after several ineffectual attempts, succeeded in dragging the stick out of the poor little sufferer's body, the end being still covered with earth after coming right through, the precaution of cleaning the end before drawing it not having been thought of. So great was the force which sent the wood through the child's body that all the bark was peeled off. Dr. Haley did all in his power for the poor little sufferer, but considers the case a hopeless one." A sad accident occurred at Piper's Flat, near Wallerawang, on Saturday. A man named Craigie was engaged winding up a skip to the top of the kiln, when the chain broke, knock- ing the poor fellow off his stand. He fell 50 feet, and was so badly injured that he died about three hours afterwards. At Mount McDonald 20 tons from the Associ- ation Paddock realized 43oz retorted gold from a new make of quartz obtained from No. 1 shaft. A crushing from the Queen of the Mount of 140 yielded 201oz retorted gold. Mr. Ruziska has struck a new shoot in his claim, "The Lady of the Mountain," Hanging Rock, from which he obtained some very rich stone. He has started for Tamworth with 40oz of clean gold ; besides this he has a con- siderable quantity still uncrushed. The celebrated statistician, Mr. Griflen esti- mates that the English possesses more than fifty thousand million francs placed in foreign enter- prises. Dead bodies at the Paris morgue are now frozen stiff while waiting identification. 3000 firemen and 40 engines employed on the London fire. They kept it to the one block. 17 men supposed to have been killed and eaten in New Guinea. Their ship is visible beneath 15 feet of water. Sir T. Sykes, Bart., new Catholic convert, has undertaken to build a cathedral at Westminis- ter. During the last six months 3085 horses have been used for food in Berlin. An American actress now in London is said to appear upon the stage wearing diamonds valued at £12,000. The ex-Empress Eugenie is said to have taken offence at England's welcome to Cete- wayo. The Le Prairie Barracks in Montreal, which originally cost the Imperial Government £100,000, have recently been destroyed by fire. Pet dogs are now wheeled out in perambula- tors in fashionable London. Decomposed coral from Fiji is being used in Australia for building purposes. The Duke of Athole plants nearly a million of trees yearly. There is a Russian countess in England named Marsosushschwsnoff. Sir Garnet Wolseley is to receive a sword of honour from Dublin. A lady recently appeared in New York clad in the divided skirt, which costume is likely to be adopted by lady tricylists. Mr. Chomley, Chief Commissioner of Police, in giving evidence before the Victorian Police Commission, recommended that the detective force, as at present organised, should be dis- banded. The boundary line between South Australia and Queensland will be defined next year. Another ghost is reported to have been seen at some rocks near Newcastle. Already £15,000 have been subscribed in Victoria towards the relief of the widows and orphans, in re the Cheswick mining disaster. A policeman has been committed for trial at Clunes Victoria, for relieving a drunken man of 13s. The 'force' in Victoria seem to be going 'crooked' altogether. Rents of runs have gone up greatly. £64,000 added to the total in one year. There is, how- ever, still room for expansion. Four runs in the Albert district which is this year being held by a well-known family, paid only £40 to the Treasury ; next year being in the hands of a financial institution, will pay £279. A few days ago Mr. David Kyle, Bombala, was accidently killed. It has transpired that tip l-nrt innf. fimTmlptnd nn incinrfiYinn nnlinv fnr £500, which amount will be paid to his execu tors. A spring struck 287 foot down, at Wanaring run, Wilcannia district. Wator enough to keep 5000 sheep. A big fire occurred in Melbsurne early on last Thursday morning, destroying property valued at £13,000. Mr. Service will soan return to Melbourne from his visit to Europe. His re-entrancc into public life is anxiously looked forward to by both parties. William Burns has boon sentenced to death at Adelaide for the murder of Mr. Loton, second officar of the ship Douglass. Alldon, secretary of the Maryborough Hos pital, Queensland, has boon committed for trial on charges of embezzlement and forgery. Typhoid fever is vory prevalent at Newcaetle. Gross mismanagement ovidenly prevails in connection with the Victorian railways. A large majority of mombers elected . to the new Parliament are opposed to the land pro posals of Mr. Stuart. Messrs. Meyers and Solomon have presented 700 Christmas cards to tho children of the Bandwick Asylum. ? . , . ; The last house excavated at Pompeii; was found to contain six skeletons. - The valuo of tho annual saving of labour in the United States, owing to the general employ ment of sowing machines, exceeds thirty million sterling. ? The portrait of Cotowayo which has been painted for the Queen is to .be placed in the Long Gallery, in the private apartments at Windsor Castle. Tho Crown Prinooss of Germany, during some recent manoeuvres, rode at the head of her regiment in her uniform of the Black Hussars. It is proposed to hold an exhibition of fans at Paris during tho ensuing winter. A process has been invented in America by which houses aro made of cotton and Btraw. Tho grouse shooting of Scotland is said to bo lot for throe-quarters of a million sterling. Tho Marquis of Bute is building a new man sion on the Island which bears his name, to cost £50,000. The export trade of tho United States for tho year show tho largo decline of nearly 150 millions of dollars in a total merchandise export of about 703 millions. It is computed that 7,000 swans' Bkins aro annually imported into London to make ' puffs' used by ladies to lay powdor on tho face. Ivory is getting scarce and very dear and it is ^predicted that tho elephant will become an extinct animal if stringent measures are not adopted for protection. On Lord Howe Island there is a banyan tree which covers three acres of ground. ? Nearly 10,000 miles will be added to tho United States Bailway system by the oloso of the present year. Tho B. C. Bazaar at Tcmora roalisod £200. Tho committee gave the ladies who had assisted at tho bazaar a complimentary ball. The Zealandia made the trip to Auckland under 4 days. It is said that China has bought more than 100,000 Ohassepot rifles from Germany, which were taken from France. America has one medical man to every COO inhabitants, while Great Britain has one to 1072, and Germany one to 3000. The American fishcrios wore worth in tho value of products tho vory handsome sum of 45,000,000 dollars in the year 1880. A monument ha3 been erectod at Balaklava to the memory of the Piedmontose soldiers who fell in tho Crimean war. Tho British. Embassy had hired a house in Moscow for a month for tho coronation festi vities, at a rent of 25,000 roubles. The head of Oliver Cromwell, well preserved, is still in possession of one of his descendants, Mr. Frankland Bussell Astley, near Tring, England. The vicar of Ncwohapel, Staffordshire, was summoned at the Hanloy Police Court for kiss ing a girl, and squarod tho case by paying the complainant £5 5s. In the oourso of investigations lately made by the Marino Board with referenoe to the ferry traffic in the harbour, it has been found that tho average number of passongers daily carried by tho various steamers plying in Port Jackson, iB over 19,000. The two Clu'namen buried alive in a Victorian mine havo been rescued. Both woro alive, but one is in a critical state. The will of the late Doan Baokhaus, of Sand hurst, has beon proved at £75,000. Left his money to the churoh. 