The Punch Trophy. First Day— Tuesday. On Tuesday afternoon last the first division of the pre liminary heats in the Francis Punch Regatta was rowed. Although eleven entries were received, only six scullers faced the starter's flag. Two only starting iu each division, each event was in reality but a matter of form, as. the whole of the competitors were, under the circumstances,, eligible for the second day's racing on Thursday. Not withstanding thiB a large number of spectators patronised, the eteamers, of which there were no less than a dozen, aud. ? judging from the attendance on the occasion, it promises well for a good muster to-day (Saturday). The steamers Prince of Wales and Commodore were' chartered by the committee. Of the first day's racing little need be said, beyond that Laycock defeated M 'Donald with the greatest ease, while Rush did the same with Pearce. Trickett and Beach had a smart tussle as far as Putney Point, when Beach eased up and rowed somewhat leisurely over the remainder of the course. As neither race can be said to have been contested to the winning post, the times are omitted, since for reference or comparison they would be ugelesB, A stiff nprln-easter was blowing throughout the afternoon, at times in severe gusts, and the tide was a strong ebb. FIH6T HEAT — FIRST dlVISION. Course : From Bathing-house, Charity Point, to Gladee viile Wharf. E. C. Laycock ? , ... l D. M. M'Donald ? 2 Laycock jumped away at the start, aud within the first 300 yards had a lead of nearly two clear lengths, he then settled down at a much slower stroke and contented himself with a length's lead, M'Donald, who rowed neatly and pbackily drawing up now and then, but only apparently on suffrance. At the mile point, Laycock led by a length'and a half, and, keeping too close to the Beacon, narrowly escaped fouling it. To Putney, the positions of the com petitors remained the same. Off Putney Point, M'Donald carried away his stretcher when a length and a half astern, and he stopped for a few moments. When he again got under way, Laycock was 6ome 20 lengths ahead, and paddled pact Gladesville Wharf an easy winner. SECOND DIVISION. Course : From Gladeeville Wharf to Bathing-house, Charity Point M. Rush ? i H.Tearce ? 2 Ruth was the first to dash away, and showed in front shortly after the start, with a lead of nearly two lencths. Pearce, however, quickened up con eiderably, and of Hen and Chicken Point was on even terms with his opponent. Both mea kept on equal terms for a couple of hundred yards, when ltush slowly, commenced to forge ahead, and passed Tennyson Point wi h a lead of a length, increasing it to two lengths oS Breakfatt Point. From this, like the first, the race was devoid of interest. Rush frequently stopped rowing, while Pearce did not appear to exert himself to his utmost, but eased up occasionally, and at times merely paddled after his leader. Close «o the winning post, Bush allowed his opponent to come rather close to him, when Pearce quickened up, and there appeared to be a somewhat close finish. THIKD DIVISION. Course same as No. 1. E. Trickett ? 1 W. Beach ? ;. '/.', ',' '.' 2 This was the best race of the day. Both men got awav to a splendid start, Trickett showing* slightly in front in the first 50 yards. Beach crept up gradually, and at Uhr's Point had a slight lead. Each competitor seemed to be at his best, and a hard race ensued to the mile point, which was passed by Beach by half-a-length. Just after passing the point a foul occurred, which, however, was very slight, the sculls of the competitors coming in contact. Trickett spurting drew up and got a lead of a few feet, when Beach answering by a few very powerful strokes, again shot his boat to.the front. The race to Putney was a succession of spurts, in which each sculler alternately had the advantage of position. The excitement had worked up to fever heat, and the yells and shouts of each man's admirers wars loud and frequent. Beach led past Putney with a lead of little over a length, when another foul occurred similar to the last in being veiy trifling. Beach stopped rowing for a moment ; on restarting Triekett had the advantage, and soon put a couple of lengths of daylight between the two boats. - After the foul Beach eased' up considerably, and did not really contest the remaining portion of the race, which was won by Trickett by several lengths. It may be mentioned that, strictly speaking,* Beach was to blame in each foul, since having the outside position he had hemmed Trickett in on to the northern shore. This concluded Tuesday's racing. Second Day— Thursday. On Thursday the second series of heats were rowed under much the same circumstances of weather and conditions as on Tuesday. The wind was rather changeable, and voored round from the north-west to the north-east after the first race. The tide if anything was not running so strongly as on Tuesday. The racing, as might have been expected, was much more interesting, and it will be seen that Pearce and. M'Donald have been shut out of the final heat, and that Laycock, Rush, Trickett, and Beach will face the starter's flag to-day. SECOND HEAT — FIRST DIVISION. Course : From Gladesville Wharf to Bathing-house, Charity Point. E. Trickett, 12st, 61b ? 1 W. Beach, list. 101b. ... „ ? 2 H. Pearce, 13st ? 3 Trickett bad all the best of the slarr, and in the first few strokes placed his boat a length and a-half to the front, steering at once over towards Hen and Chicken Point, in the full force of the tide. The three rowers immediately opened out, Pearce makirig a beeline up river, while Beach rowed over towards the northern shore. Pearce drawing ahead of Beach drew offer of level money on him for second place from a few speculators. Off Hen and Chicken Point, j Trickett, who had started at 36, and was now rowing 33 strokes per minute, led by little over a length, Pearce being ! second, a sinukr diEtance ahead of Beach. Pearce was row iDg 32 and with great power, but rolling his boat badlj'. The contrast between the rowing of Trickett and his oppo nents was nioM: marked. Beach rowed steadily and Btrongly, but rather fehort— 33 per minute. Off Tennyson Point, Trickttt led by two lengths, rowing 31, and Pearce slacked up, the pace apparently telling on his want of condition. After passing' Tennyson Point, Beach commenced to draw up, and soon came on even terms vita Pearce, who had now slackened down to 29, and had been, anxiously scrutinising his opponents too persistently for some time. Trickett, rowing a long and effective stroke, slowed down off Putney Point and led past the point two lengths ahead of Beach, who had given Pearce a back seat by a couple of lengths. The three boats had closed in on Putney Point and were almost in line. Shortly after the the point was passed Pearce appeared in trouble, and when three lengths astern of Beach he abruptly stopped rowing and rubbed his left arm, intimating; no doubt that it was cramped. Responding to the entreaties of his friends he again restarted, but it was clear that he had not the ghost of a chance, and the umpire considering that fie was outdistanced passed him. Meanwhile Beach quickened to 33, and crept up to Trickett slightly. Trickett, after the first half mile, had scarce once varied iris stroke, and, rowing 31, he commenced drawing away. At Blaxlaud's Point Trickett passed between the beacon and the shore with a lead of over three lengths, rowing 23 to Beach's 30. The north-west wind knocked up a bit of a jump in the open water, which seemed to hamper Beach. Trickett steered straight for Uhr's Point, while Beach, kept out in the tide, and steered in the direction of Gladesville 'Wharf, and then for the winning-boat. From Blaxland's Trickett had been increasing his lead each stroke, and finally won with apparent ease in 18 minutes 44 seconds, 10 lengths ahead of Beach, who did not appear to exert himself exces sively during the last half-mile. SECOND DIVISION. Course : From Bathing-house, Charity Point, to Glades ville 'Wharf. M. Eusli, 12st. 41b ? 1 15\. C. Laycock, 12st. 81b ? 2 D. M'Donald, lOst. 21b ? 3 A splendid start was effected, Laycock being the first to show in front, with a slight advantage. Hush, however, after the first few strokes appeared to warm to it, and, row ing 39 per minute, forced the pace to Uhr's Point, where he appeared with half-a-length' s lead. Passing the point, he slowed down to 38, but kept on increasing his lead, Laycock Laving rowed a steady 33 strokes a minute from the start, and keeping the same pace. As Bush commenced to draw away rapidly, the excitement grew to fever teat, 'and by many the race was thought to be a gift to him. Meanwhile M'Donald had been completely outdistanced, his formidable rivals having rowed awav from him in a manner which he no doubt little antici pated. Bush had now lined Laycock, and was giving him the full force of his wash, and had at the same time nearly three lengths to bis uedit. Bush was now rowing 37 to Laycock's 33, and the lost mentioned sculler commenced to reduce the gap, or it would rather be more correct to say that Bush came back to him since Laycock did not increase the pace. Laycock was now rowing 31, and approaching the mile point Bush again drew away passing the point in 6min. 5secs., with a lead of three lengths. Laycock's stroke had come down to 30, while Bush was plugging away at 34 io the minute. The Shark Islander widened out away from the wash of bis opponent, and look ing round occasionally drew up within a length as if to feel his man, but each time Bush quickened up and again left a gap between the two boats for a time ; both rowed a ding dong stroke, Bush 33, and Laycock 31. Hush had again lined Laycock, and appeared by a succes sion of spurts to draw awav by three lengths, and each time as he fell back repeating it. Off Putney Point Bush led by two lengths, and shortly after Laycock, who was rowing a steady 30 strokes per minute, again widened out, and drew up within a length of bis rival; but Bush quickened up to 34, and, as before, placed a couple of clear lengths between the boats. Both scullers now made over towards the southern shore, Laycock following closely behind Bush and in bis wash. Laycock bad been rowing 29, but quickening up to 31 be got again in close quarters with the Clarance Biver man near the Point. Bush was now rowing 34, and in the next couple of hundred yards drew out again, and kept the same distance to within 200 yards of the winning post, when Laycock quickened up and indulged in the first real spurt during the race, and in a few powerful strokes reduced the distance so much that Rush just passed the winning post a winner by little more than half a length. Time, 17 minutes 21 seconds. The following correspondence appeared in the Eclw :— Sir, — As, in my opinion, the public is entitled to some explanation for my sudden withdrawal from this contest, 1 fceg herewith to give, through the medium of your columns, my reason. In the first place, I have to complain of the marked discourtesy with which I have been treated by the committee. Notwithstanding the terms of Mr. Punch's .prospectus, in which it was stated that the boats of com petitors would be brought out free, and an arrangement had teen made with the P. and O. and Orient lines for a re duction in the passage money, I had not only to pay full freight for my boat, but the entire rate of passage as well. On going up the river to train, I addressei a polite letter to the committee, asking them, if they felt dispossd, to grant me something towards my training expenses ; I being the only competitor who had travelled 16,000 miles at his own expense to compete with Australian oarsmen. To this letter I received no 'reply. Under these circumstances, acting under the advice of my friends, I have resolved to withdraw from the contest. I may also add, to use a popular term, that there is very little ' in it ' as a monetary (speculation for a young 'sculler, inasmuch as Mr. Punch has seemed all the steamers, and there has been no talk, so far as I can gather, of any consolation stakes for the unsuc cessful competitore. — Yours, &c;, G. J. Peihuns. Harbour View Hotel, Dawes Point, October 3. Sir,— Mr. George J. Perkins'6 letter, published in your Sfcue of 3rd instant, hardly calls for a reply from us, but we will say that nothing in our circular sent to England in September, 1881, stated that arrangements had been made with steam companies to convey boats free, and reduce the pafsage money of intending competitors. The wording was thnt the agents here of steam companies had written to their heed offices with a view to this being done. Mr. Perkins knew the passage money he had to pay, and vras not in any way led to believe that any consolation money would be given, so why should he grumble at Mr. Punch or his committee ? If lie miscounted the cost of his trip, the fault is his, not ours. We must deny the statement of Mr. Perkins that his letter to tbe committee was unanswered. A letter in reply was written and posted on Saturday last to the address given by him.— Yours, &c;, Fked. Thomas, E. J. Geatton, lion. Sees. Punch Trophy Committee. Sydney. 4th October, 1882. 