HENRY KENDALL. When Shelley, in that superlative rhapsody of words—"Alastor"— pictured the penalties of the poetic gift, he used the inspired Ian- guogo oMho poet, to utter tho wisdom of tho ''"'philosopher.'' Alastor, thq reader will rcinqrn- ber; is a dreamer and Bingor; who,- having ' almost exhausted tho fountains of beauty, is! still msatiato. Ho recognises a vastness and. . lovo in his natnrd, which' lack their satisfying counterpart ih tho world ; and, to And whether . . that counterpart exists, is tho' object of his \- poetic aim. Hd seeks in vain, utterly in vain ; and. bafllcd and blasted by keen disappoint- merit, finda an early grave. If it wcro over tho lot of tho poet to test this sort of theory, tho nineteenth century ccrtanly offers ah excellent field : In this ago,- tho sin- . gcr, except in isolated cases,' personally proves 1 tho truth o! Hamlet's aphorism,1 that "tho \- world iri out of joint t" nor-hae lio tho. good inck, to be alio to say with tlio Banish pnncc, 7-r' vit. ho "wafl born to set it' right." Socioty, vin point of frtot, scom3 to liavo boon " born" to sot tho bard right— orwrong, which1 amounts - . to tho same thing. ' For it cannot bo denied, in spite of illustrious ! examples to tho con trary, that tho gilt of 'song ie often as fatal r tuo possessor's peace, as tho Grecian' horse :':f fas to tho doomed . Trojans. "Whothor tho fault bo on tho sido o! tbo singer, or tlio world, " I am not called upon to' determine. Ibimply' afllmi; that, amid tho hoarso roar of this utiu- tdrian age,- the poet is heard merely by suf-. ' feranoo : . and'sorrow, in some aliapo or other, \- Bccma to bo his portion. Ho pipes to a gene- oration that will not dance, or, if it dance, waits till ho is dead. - ' Upon the career of' Henry Kendall tho Btamp of sorrow has Lech set.' 'With a noble- hearted wife and beautiful children, ho pos- sessed at least ono o! tho main demonts of social happiness. But an overwhelming gloom dominated him perpetually. His songs aro steeped in an olemont of tho ibrrowful. Had ho preceded, in plaeo of following, 'Edgar Toe, ono would "have seen in him the embodi ment ol thatiinhi&ppy.; master " of whom this first of American geniuses .writes, so mournfully dud so melodiously £- "Whom unmerciful disaster Followed fast, and followed faster, till his. songB ono burden boro ; Till tho dirges of Ids ' hopo tlio melancholy bnrden boro Of never— nevermore." rNor was that gloom.produced, in the main, by tho failing which a portion of the presQ hassounncecssdrily acoentuatcd.' ThoaeWho know tho inner lifo ol Henrj Kendall lib Vrcll as tho preterit writcr 'did,' ban cortifj'thai family trouble.' formed a rcasort 'Sufficiently valid to accouht'fbr most of 'his 'sorrow. 'In his dbmcstio' relations, ho had overy blessing that n dovbted wifo' and ohildrcil can 'givoj Bat.'outsido that-add tho VcU need be'liftca no farther— ho incurred perplexities whion .weigaca neayuy upun;uis soui. . j The simple features in connection with the poet's lifo have 'been' often x!rnbntioncd;>. and may bo briefly sumihdriflcd. ' Born in' tho TJlladalla district, in 1812, hia earliest rccolr leoUons were saturated with'thb bcautyof onp of tho 'iaost' favored '.spots iu'tho,rdolohy. Passing oYor1 minor mattors related ' to mk youth, undoubtedly the 'first foot bf import anco dohhectcd with his mobtal' dbvclopc- ment, is 'that of' boing associated' with -'kthb 'author 6f 44 Johri Cumberland"— Jamco Lionel Michael— a namo almost forgotten by tho present generation of rbadcro. ' Michael was a solicitor by professon, but 'cherished ' an affection for tho Muses, which thoso''iadics did not altogether rcoiprocate. Ho was dlso attached to literature gen orally. ; Important indeed, was Michael's infltienco over tho rising, poot, who had, oven thon, begun ' to " sip Castolian dows." And until Michael's lamen ted and mysterious death, tho/wnrmcst feeling ! subsisted between them. Among Australian authors, however, Harpar. '.was ' Ken doll's earliest favorite. To tho last; ho 'retained thohighestadmiration for Harpur— althuugli, of course, less for What'Harpur did than forwbat ho might and couldhavo dono;' 'For Charles' Harpur had many of tho'' potent lauucs oi greatness; out ma was " uniuuuica rcnovn." . t Not being enamoured bf a profession whiob, as Junius says, 44 lives by tho indiscriminate 'defcnco of right ana wrong," Kendall jilted tho !aw,andhot long after entered the Survey Office, and subsequently tho Colonial Secre tary's Department. Becoming dissatisfied-— not an uncommon cxpcricnco' for intclleot cooped up in tho Government sorrico-ho went to Melbourne, thuB' resignin official, life. Ho was led to visit tho Southern' colony owing to thofaot of having won 'a 'poetical prio.olfcrcd by a Victorian journal j arid ho fondly imagined that thero was ah opening for him as a literary man there. Hero ho stayed, for a ' time, cxporiOUoing Vicissitudes known only to himself and those? who were his friends indeed. Eventually in this darker period of his lifo, hoVisitcd Sydnoy again'; and subsequently went to' Goford, wheio Charles Fagan, J. P., housed and befriended him with a warmth which Kendall never forgot. After a variety of experiences; ho visited Camden Haven' as clerk to the Messrs. Fagan, who havo" an oxtensivo business in that lovely, but wild,; locality. ; Hero' ho stayed untU ha received thd porition," ten dered by a genius-rewarding Government, of 'Inspector of Forest Besoms.1 ' InJ this Eomtion ha had to cnconntcr many physical ordships for which hb was ill-fitted, and, a little over two months and a half ago, hb re- turned to Sydney, utterly debilitdtcd.' , From Messrs. Fagan Bros., Sydnoy, hb died on tho 1st August. These noble-hearted men,' Whoso names dcscrvo to bo remembered while Kendall remains a poetic power in tlio' land; ministered to his dying wants, and. 'his devoted wifo incessantly watched 'ticbido him. . ' _ f ' Ho wna juried by a itaadfalvof iflourndrs at tho "Waverloy not far fiom the ' resting-plapo of "Biunuol Bennett, who was long attached to him. Ih a brief sketch, whero '.tho ' linritationB of spaco aro inexorable, a' finished appraise- ment of Kendall's poetry is hardly to do ox- peoted. Novertholess, a few remarks axo necessary. Tho firBt 'volumo' publiriied by tho poot contained' much that wbb immatnrc, and littlo that ho wished remembered. But his own judgment of it ' was far too 'hnrah. It contained songs wliioh poBsessed tlio true, ring and swing and vigor oi a genaino Austrii-, linn lyric. ' In sueh' sbngs'.tho powor— which is, after all, tho mint-mark of genius—waa unmifltakcablo. Tho irielody, too,' was most; undoniablo; and; in d tardy way, the local press, whicli boos 4|no good , ih Nazareth,"- acknowledged him. This waC about 18G2. Soven years after1 was , issued tbo volume 4 4 Leaves From Australian Forests " whioh, among ' some 44 8tray">echocs ;' mom" ' Gio tho elder' sons of song" (as tho poet modestly, puts it) contains somo splendid poctio' tri umphs, which the " world will not willingly lot ;,die." ' What; as a masterly piece of vivid word- painting; could bo finer than " ThO Hut by tho Black Swhmp?" Pictured by tho gciuns of the chronicler, it sthndhoot in unsurphescd realism. 'Within tho circuit of th'osd'globmy Blabs, Murder has held' satuxniuiairad' too piacois tunco accursea by the ternolo" ban' of blood. Thero' is not a' Wook' stanza in; tho poem — crisp, sharp, and paBsionatelyinciaivo, tho poet'can writo nil' ultra across hiswork.. Hero' ; aro thrco stanzas, and those unquoted aro no bcttor and no worse:— ' Across this hut tbo nottlo runs, And livid adders mako their lair In comers dank from lack of suns; . ' And out of fetid farrows otaro Tho groivthB that Bcaro. , Hero Summer's grasp of fire is laid On bark and Blabs, that rot and breed . s Bqnat ugly things of deadly almdo— Tho scorpion and tho Bpitofal eccd Of centipede., .Unhallowed thunders, linreli and dry, . , . And flandug noontides muto with beat, : > . Boneath tho brcatldcss briiroh.Bky . Upon theso rifted rafters beat . T "With torrid foot.-; t . Entirety in another stylo is 44 Boptcmbcr in Australia;1- which is a veritable pocin'bf greet- iiig to tho season wh'on— . ; Grey Winter bath gono liko a wcarisomo guest,/ Aiidj bebold, for repayment Soptcmboil comca ih with thowlud of tho west, . \-- And tbo Spring in bor raiment. t .'Most of tnoso.wbo peruse this will: romom- ber 4- Ghost Glen," a poom of .weird and eerie 'energy. It is in this volume; -.Hero, .too, aro to bo found somo of thoso poems; of' hiawhioh aropurci songs. "ThohWarrigdl," 44 On a Cattlo Track," 44 Tho Oattlo Hunters," and others, iaro exquisitoi for affluencp : of color and dolicaoy of toadu! Thoy havo tho brcozy mdody and rushing sweep of ,tho triie' ringing lyrio, and are closely related to that bcautiiul-pocm in tho first volume, commenc ing: . ... "From tho hills of tlio Narrnn,' white- dotted with sheep." 41 Euroolydon " ianu errntio in treatmcntaa it is in metro. Tako thin verso for csnmplo : ' 4\And tho wiltcd tliymo And tho patches past Of tho nettles cast . . hi tho drift of tho rift, and tho broken vine/ ' Aro tumbled and blown Toovcryzono ' With tbo fiimieliod gledo- and tbo1 plovers thirned ' By this fourfold wind, . This wind Bttbluno." What could bo moro singular or successful in its way than tho hymn to this "Fourfold wind, , This wind sublimof" In this volume, too, aro those -'sweet bits of: Kcatsian-. word-pamting,.';'44 ArpluonJr >4,4 Ilia'' Creok," 44 Mosb on a "Wall," " In tlio Valloy," "Mountain Moss,", and that 'most musical study, commcuoing : 4.4 By channels of coolness tho echoes nro 'calling."'- Nor must I omit to mention at! least thrco other poems. 44 Tlio .Voyage of' Tdcgonuo,". and 44 Ogyges" nro splendid rehabilitation's of benutiXul .Grcok myths; Tijo : stylo ie lofty aud classic, tho diction wondotfully uuntairicd.' Kendall's intellect; although ho know nothing of Grcok as a languago, was singulary Hd- lenio in tone and tondonoy. And thoso pooma nro filled and vital with tho majestic solem nity of the subjects; Eaoh is tho sublimo monody of a human fato or woo; Destiny hangs ovor eaoh liko a tumoral pall, and sor row, and hopolcssncss' am 'iha burdens of - tho. songii.' : Of 41 King Saul bt Gilboo," I shall '.simply aay toat it u ono of tob niost pcrfcot. Senjp- tural- paraphrascs ih Hlio language, and ' brief and rapid as tho stadr is, I do not hesitate to -cxprcas this as my doliberato judgment. I have littlo timo now, to/rofor to too. third volama; butJtmay hVbricflJr handled. .It.ia wmorkablq thop,mainly_fora no\y4o-. parturo in eubicct. In 44 Black Lizzie," and <4-Blaok Kato,1! and cspeoiallyin such skits, as 44Bill thoBullock-ldrivcr,'! and Jom too Split- ter/'-.Kcndnll has; taken : a- wider- flight,1 and :has alighted in a larger field than formerly; Ho assumes hefo -tho r61o of an Australian Brot Harto— dnd though ho. has not tho hu- moiir ot-Brot; ho hao a for .finer command of all thomrmoury of- poetry. "Bill tooBullookt driver," for cxanipto, is -conceived in a spii-it hf ninimkr nrtwAr.-. -Tt lR an nbsolnta fitUav of a phaso of Australian'forcst life. . It is a vir tual i word-photograph; drawn i by a fgenuino son of Apollo. It is'oharnotoriscd.by both gpnius aba troth, and'hadi-not Kendall died Bhorttyafter ho discovOrdd his adaptability for this stylo of composition',' wo should doubtless have had somo superlative , studies of a pecu liarly. Australian type. As it is, wo! must re- fcogn iflOj' without stmt, tho authentio mission bf this poet to' pourtni|y pbonomcnol- phases of bush lifo.' -The rest is/our loss.. , ( But oortaih of tho 'serious productions in this volume aro .-singularly powcriul.'- They are among Kendall's- very. nest. It is- tho fashion among some eritios to affect to boliovo that Kendall's ''earlier were his best : poems. Tho idea is absurd,-' Kendall showed, in rhetorical structure and woof, a distinctive advanoo to tho very end. ; What.-oan ba moro beautiful : in : Us ' way than' tlio Melbourne Exhibition Cantata? Fluent, and of astonish- ing bdauty motrioally, it is a- lyrical gem. Liston to too ring of this— Dressed is tho beautiful Citytho spires of it - ' ' Barn1 in too firmament, stately ncd still ; Forest b&s; vanlalicd— tho wood and tho lyres of it, : i Lutes of. too sea-wind, and harps of tho hill. Tliis is thoxeglou — and boro is too bay by it— . - Collins; tho deathless, beheld in a dxcam. Flinders and Fowkner, our forefathers gray by it \- Pailscil in tlio hnsh of a season supremo. Hero, on tho watcrs of majraty.ncar to us, ' Lingered tho leaders by tokcrs of flamo — , Elders wlio turn from tho lordly old years to us, Crowned with tho light of iucfiablb famo. 'Two othor' poems, most romarkablo1 for beauty; aro"uNarrara Creek " and "Boyond Kcrgudcn." I do nbt hesitato to say that, fair inolody and chime, sbmc verses of 'tholormcr aild tho'riholo of tho. latter aro not excelled ih thoArido rhhgo of .Engliflh poctry. ' Listen to tho opcniiig'notca of 44 Narrara Creek"— From'tbo rainy hilMicads whero, in' starts and in ipasms, , ; . ; . '. Lcapa ' wild tho whito torrent from .cliasms to ' "cbaims; ! From tbo homo of bold"cchocs, wlioso voices qf ' wonder ! Fly 'oot of ' blind caverns struck black by high thunder; i Thmugb gorges august, in whoso nether recesses Is hcaru tbo far psalm of unseen wildernesses — ; Liko a dominant spirit— a Btrong-lmndcd shareri OI boU with tha tempests-comes down tijo Yea, whnd' tbo great sword of tho harricano .. clcaycth Tlio formated fells that tbo dark never leaveth ; I By fierce- featured ctbct, In whoso otU abysses J Tho clammy anako cods, and tbo flat odder hisses ; -Post'lordly rock temples; whero rilcnco is riron ; By tbo anthems supremo ol iho: four winds bf ,r:caTcn : , . k ... It speeds with tbo cry of tbo stream of tho fountains— ; JL euaincu to us Riuo,'anu uraggou down irom tbo luountains. For , descriptivo majesty . theso' verses can hardly bo excelled ; and for complcto mastery over q mc&auro; that taxes xhytomio capabi- lities, tako ono stanza of 44 Beyond Kcrguclcni" Tho rest ore equally powerful. , Storm from, tlio Polo is tho singer tliat sings to it'— Hymns of tho laud ot tba planct's groy vargo — ' Thunder discloses dark wonderful things to it,. ', Tliundor and rain add tbo dolorous, ourgo. Hills with ho bopa of a wing or n leaf on them, Scarred with tlio chronicles written by flamo, Statu through 'tbo gloom of inserutoblo griot qu. ; ' them, ) : Down On tbo horns of tbo gulf .without name. J Clifls with tho record of fiorce flying fires on thorn. Loom, over poriloas pits of cclipso ; Alps, with anathemas stamped in. tho, spires on them; .Out by 4th6 waroi wlthu curao on Its lips 1 MoUcd inprccisctytho Bamo.mcaatire, and p9sses8od of too saiho powerful characteristics, is: "Tho Corso ot-Moto'or Flood," In . these .phases of ppetiodolmcaUpD, too grojo power of Kendall is unrivalled. His rcmarkablo com- fmaud of metro and the resources of poetry— tho singular mastery of. words which .cnaolcs him to emphasise his meduihg by an aggre gation off epithet, nro marked distihotly in thoH) and many others of his uocms. < : I think I heed say no moro to vindicato tho oxtraordinnry merit of many pocma in. this third yolame. . And,;hcsides thoso mentioned ifro many. of no less morit. Thero is a touch- ; ing pathos in suoh poems as if Araluen," and- f/Mary Biveis;" .a fine, dbscriptivencss' in -44Pytocas;>!.qtbndbr sbftncsaih 4,Hy-Brosil."1 Whoso runs may read all this. . j ' It was, I think, ."Orion" ! Homo who, ;in ; dnfinribint? .DAninhv'R Rr>nmtnnR'AnnrAnmfmn'r»f musical diction, affirmed that bis 44 mouto 'watered at words," just as a gourmand's at a' pulpy peach. Far moro than to Doniohy; this remark applies to Kendall. Thero ; is littlo in our poet's versa of - thq grand Wbrdsworthian meditative faculty — there is littlo of that - 14 sugar-coated pill " philosophy in metre. Kendall was : essen tially a descriptivo poot— tin interpreter iof Niituro'fl myriad phases.'; Ho eared littlo for ;tho pourtrayal of human passions'; but ho contemporaneous poet - ever wrought more successfully, .to ,,ovokb tho/ strong mriody that libs in -honoy-syilablpd combinations.1 of words,- toon Henry Kendall. Ha .qcaks, ; in ono of his .sugared Bonnets": (as Meres would hayo called them) of too, f sumptuous comfort left in ;drpwqr<-./ Bongs" of Alfrpd. Tennyson. And this wjth aU- naturnlncsa; for,, of all English pools, living or dead, Tennyson is aimpTytoo most limpcccablo es ! an artist. .. Ho is tho'.m'ost consummato artificer . in dexterous . pootio' WprkmonBhip.thut Englani- has over scbh; and by the sheer. force of natural sympathy and intellectual tendenqy Kendall, has,, with out imitating, learnt miioh of the' older bard's fuli-bodiod stylo.; < That his opinion and admiration of Tennyson , wcro. strong to a most romarkablo degree, I know ; for, many a timo; in conversation with mc,.ltyndaU .would put- TennyBon at thq head ;of all' English poetry, past or present— SliakBpore and the ElizabotlianB, as ho would emphatically say; i included. . . In oloso accord with tho most successful modern pootty, then, Kendall's verso is essen tially rhetorical in struoturb- and, woof— as much so as TennyBon's or Swinburne's. For/ although. thcBO living leaders of tho poctio world havo littlo in common, they aro aliko in thomarvcllouuly facilo play of their rhetoric. Their .stylcp aro, of courco, antipodal, For, while Swinburne, with a lyric impetuosity and > wealth of. wordo qbsolutoly Pindario; hynms his "Songs" to rovolution&ts; and " advanced" thinkers " — TenilyBon'. ivitli ' Bablimo artistio = tranquility, pons rcbthbtio' produoto/ fit< at: times for his own' dreamy 'pttssibnless lotos- ' bat'ers. , ; . 1 - « '' Berides' - descriptivo power, ' Kendall 'had -a tender Vciii'of pathos and mclahhholy j ' a lcind of -placid -Baducss, half a sentiment— half an' emotion."' And, had ho lived to 'oultivato the- comic and1 satirio faculties ho .dovelopcd, \yo sliquld havo. -soon posacssed spirited' skotohes Of forcst'oocentriCiticsi compared with which " Wollombi Jim/kand' 4,BiU tlio Bullock-dri- vcr," are but 'pallid adumbrations." - ' Enough has I tliink been said for tho pro- bent. ' Tho'podt is dcadi 'but his works, vital ized by genius; aro undying. He -' reposes at Wavcrloy Cemetery, ; within sonnd and sight bf thollllmitablo aca, lulled— if dulliug-bo needed afteralifo's unrest — by tho voico bf tlwmany- eounding surge, ' " Givo mo a drink from the Bea," ho said, in one of thoso haU-dcliriouB momenta that prcGcded dcato. And, pursuant to his last request, ho sleeps by tho sea. Not far removed from him, is ina gravo of Samuel Beanott, who was over a vcritablofriond to too vanished singer. / . For tho rest what shall I say ? 44 After life's fitful fever, ho sleeps well." And withAuift Boman's '"Ave a tqm vale%\ on my lips, 1' styctoh my hands out into tho dark, and murv mur tho poet's own lines on Xionel MioliAej/ n- Bo his rtflt top rest bo soagbt, Calm nfld deep, ' Lot no bitter spcccli or.thought \- ; Vox his sleep." : -j . . P. Ji HofcDStVORTlI. ' 