PRIEST OR PRES BITER. The Jewish religion, that vyhich. Moses gave to the « people of Israel, consisted chiefly in offeringianimals in sacrifice to God. By God's "direction, Moses, set apart a class of men to offer these sacri- fices. The name given to this class ot men in the Greek Old Testament is ' hiereus. By this name they are invariably called. .. There was also another class of men among the Jews, to whom the name of presbyteros was given : these were they who had any office or authority among them, but who had not power to offer sacrifice. These men were, never called hiereus— that name was confined to those who offered sacrafice, and the' name presbyteros was never applied to those who' offered sacrifice. 'T, V " ' In' the Greek New Testameint those' who offered sacrifice am'ong'th'e Jews ' are ALwivs called hiereus, neveE presbyteros ; ' and the ministers of the Christian religion are1 always called presbyteros, nev'ee hiereus. This is the fact:. The Apostles and Evangelists . who were, inspired , by God to. write the1 New, Testament, WivEB called the ministers of the Gospel hiereus, which meant one who .offered sacrifice ; . but"' always called them pfetby(ero8r wHi<& | meant one who. did' 'not 'offer ' sabrifice, | They Had iheii choioabir !Bhe; j both names ' were in : comni'oh 'use among i .1 t" ' .! n . -iii ; i)f!H < fufl I lljlP ! the Jews—one .meaning a person who I offered sacrifice, the 'iqtier 'mieknifig/'a i public officer who did not ' offer sacrifice ; I and they always called the ,Jmimsters;of the Gospel ' by that niime which jdiffjio# j mea!n sacrificers: Wherever' 'tfie writers of the New Testambnf 'speak' ;pf'Jthe Jewish priests, they always usbff 'th'e/word liieretus; wherever tfcley." spoke of, .'ti/e ministers of Christ, they aiways used tke word' presbyteros. ' And they did ' this By direction of the H'6ly'Ghpt):the spirit' by which" tHey" wrote.. ' That, Holy j Spirit taught'- themi'alwaysVcafeffiliy; tq!'distini guish'' 'ithose' tw'p1r orders ' 'of two different naines.f1 haying0 'quite u differeut meanifigs!! , Now, what is the differenc'e'betweeutlie two Bibles," 'the ''DouaV 'ahfl','the;<Prbtes- tantr?/" \ Thb Dotiay'lBihie insists r'that 'thbtwo different1 clalssesiJJwlhii!!h'"the,' Holyf Gh'oSt directed' the Apostles , t6''distinguis|h' 'si) carefully; by"itwql,differeat,! h.amesJ:J'khalf always.' be'called'&y.;' ihe sdmel'name,in Me sdme 'bhednirigj "ir.The('Prqtestaht Bible'is careful1 ' 'tb "distinguish1 1 them ' by words 'of different meaqing. Which , .is ; righff? Wei ihink'.this ! a 'question 1 WHicli any plain m'an'.may>nswefei:'?'J <u>! n; 1 The Doiiay'Biblb. is the'mb're'-inexcu's- able' in thisj' because the! Latin translation of theiNew'Testamenf'w.hich'he 'Douay translators .profeksed ''tflf'fqnqyv.''sbt'them1 the1 exam pie' , Jb 'carefully 1 'following the disririctiorium'adev:'in 1®h'er-: ever ! the Greek Has ./Mer«ff,y' the Latin always puts 'sacerdos and wherever the Greek' has presbyter os,yd&' Lati'u has pres- bytieru's. , 1 So fibre, is. the' marked distinc tion' kept' lip ;.in"the 'Latin' 'as well as in thb Greek and yet, ' the Douay "'Bible insists, that no distinction at all shall be observediih the' ' 'English ; while . the ' Pror te8tant''Biblbl',.p'feseryes !thb ditiiibtion exa'ctiy! '."f ; ;'i; 1 uiiThi lb'ads us tpobseiYk'rabtffer;mark .distiufet;ion>in''fjh'e Greek andLatin'Bibles', which the 'Douay 'Bible ' wilfully aboiishbsi Christ"' himself' is1 called 'hiefejus' in 'the Greek,1 an'd sacerdos !ipi .tKe':Iiatin',,lian:d never presQyterdsl " His 1 ; .ministers 0 are called presbyteros ,' 'and never sacerdos , or hiereus. , 1 'Thus both the Greek1'. and the Latin Bibles carefully distinguish the . office of Christ and tfie office "of 'His ministers'By different, names, having quite different meanings ; and yet"'the Douay Bible insist'b 'oh confounding those separate offices; under the saihb name, in the same m'eah'ing ! and' ''because ! tlje ' Protestapt 'Bible' does not ffollpw'/th⁣1 fexampiy|' ih ' opposition both' to thq.'Grbek, and to1 that ; Latip Bibje" which the ' fcouffcil') of. Trent ; prohbuhbfe's1 " .authehtib," they a!ccuse "it of j corrupting the' Word 'of !G6dJ"J.;!'!"yl ' J ; ' " The 'Prqtestant Bible "'has' also1 tHe word " prieBt " .or " 'pnbstliood ', im,'fiye places, ! where it'is 'evidently applied, to all Christ's ' people— viz., 1 Peter ii; 5 and !9 ;' Rbvb- Jation, or Apocalypse, ,i.i., '6j y; li) ; xx. ' 'S. I In all instances, blowing "the same rule,: translating ' %iereus 'Iby ' priest, wherever they meet ! with it'/'dnd, presbyteros by elder;' soj ! a,s always , to' 'miikb th'e(' same distinction1 between '.the offices which'.'they ; find' marked'sd'strbhigly'ih'the. Greek and; 'Latiff 1 Biblbk wherbas the Douay Bible m> nriii .v:jnfn-.'f> Mfi.i oi -..j:ftn: ".en 1 confounds and abolishes that distinction altogether. A We wish to point j out carefully that it is not about thb sound: oi words that we would bdntehd, but about'! the distinction of offices. ; If,1 it, were '' kept in view in a translation of the Bible, that the Jewish ministers and Christian ministers are distinguished in the Greek Scriptures by different names, which have different meanings, one expressing the offering of sacrifices, and the other excluding ' that notion — if this were marked in the trans lation! as it. is in the original— then we would not object to the word " priest " being put as the translation of presbyterps, provided it i were understood that it was used i as the translation of a Greek word that- does not mean one who offers sacri fice, and ' provided some other- word wele used for the Jewish priests, who did offer sacrifice. What we maintain is this, that where two offices are clearly distinguished in the original by two, names, having clearly different meanings, that distinction should be.'i made plain .in the translation too. To pub that 1 distinction altogether out of the translation; as the Douaiy Bible does, by always; giring thb same name, in the same j meaning, 'to the two different offices, is a . wilfuL corrupting and con- fo,unding;of the Word of God. Andi.wAy.idoes the; Douay Bible thus wilfully; confound what God's word has distinguished ? Because without a priest there can be no Sacrifico of the Mass. Let- it-'onfce'bb known'amqng Christians' now, (as it was clearly known .in the Apostle's days) that the Apostles were careful always to call Chris,t'Sj ministers by a title which meant oueiwho did! not offer; sacrifice, and that they never' called them by the title of the Jewish! priests who did offer sacrifice ; let this striking distinction', made- by'1 the Apostles .6ncb , be known,: and then the Sacrifice of. the Mass falls, of itself. And therefore.-tb, establish . -her, own sacrifice, the Church of Rome. ihas,. no resource but to abolish and hide that distinction which the Apostles made ' between the Jewish and Christian ministers/- Is not this enough in itself to disprove their sacrifice? This is likewi8e. the 'plau of the Puseyites. W,e.,,d6 ;npt deny' thatj the Eucharist is a sacrifice in any sense jit 'all. There are sacrifices riofij praise i C: and,3thanksgiving (Hebrews . xiii. ,15) ; |and/alf jdhristiaus are pripstsi to, offer t such sacrifices as these — (1 Pet.:ii.:! 5,.'9)v j.Tn this.Asense it.he Eucharist is a sacrifice:- But this is not the ,'Sa'brifice )) of tbe:' -'Massif or! it>is"'n6t'!a sacrifice' 'of propitiatio'n for Bin Itr is not the 'Bame' Aind of ' sacrifice as" "the" Je wish" sacri fices for SinVbr the sacrifice'fot Christ upon, the cross Neither doea it require any ) other kind of sacrificing pbwer iu the priest, than .wh4t,'0all''.';pKriSk';'-peqple p'OBsesBl ' :y:V T' ' " ;.Dr. McGibtooil W e '. are'- sor ry_ that' we- cannot say anything- more 'favprabre'jcbn cerning, his health than that' if stands , in statu quo ; and the status is riot very encouraging! . Roman Catliolic Reasons for tile Adoration of tlie "Vir- gin Mary. —"The celebration ' of ; the Euobarist takes place so ofteri, :theViLpfd Jesus being sacrificed and ate so frequently, that there is a doubt whether' 'He' :(is"; in" 'His place in Heaven, being so continually, :iirv.tli'e ihoutlis'arid stomachs, of millions 'of- men' on earth. ' We therefore think' it" wise tri10bffer our su pplications to ' Mary,' wli'o is1 a! ways'ou the spot to hear arid receive themj'arid 'who can speak to her Son on the .8ubjectI"of-.t'such devout'. supplicatioris . when he1 amves 'hb'me after' being "ate by the faithful." llX oitiuijiy.M; Romanism v. Rrotestajtit- iSinii.— That' "Romanisih , is' a "less" powerful check on the progress !df' crime than Protest- antish), is a well-knoivn: f act ,: arid 'Sis ffiilly proved: inv.RousSell's " Catholic and Protest ant Nations Compared." At a recerit( meet ing of the-Manchester School Board it- was stated by a Mr. Hughes, that while the Ro man Catholics of Manchester were but 1G per cent; of the population,' they supplied' no ie&s; than 42 per cent, of the semi- criminals to the local Industrial Schools.- Protestant cliildren in Ro man Catliolic schools.— Those Protestant parents, who think it wise to send 'their children! to Roman jCatbdlim iConyents and Schools, .for. ..the sake, of. some supposed educational advantages, may read with pro fit the following statepoent made by a corres pondent of the Roch'.-" In this place," he says, i.'thbwilies dead aiyburig: gentleman, aged 16, vyhosei parents .were induced >to , send; hi m. and ftW0j daughters last . year, to Germany, to jearn German. ' The two girls went , to. a Convept, with the proviso. and promise, thit 'tlieir.'.reli- gion should hot be interfered with ; the lad to A ;Boman Catholic Semihary under'. the same 'stipulation. The girls have returned' to i their home Roman1 Catholics ; the lad1 to die, , a martyr from the cruel treatment he experi enced because lie would not become a mem- ,ber of the Papal Church of Rome." ... --j- Xlie Spanish Pilgrimage and the Temporal Power.— "Many efforts have been made to atfribii'te to Spanish laymen, and even to ii Prince of the Royal House of Bourbon, the - political i eharacter of the proposed Spanish, pilgrimage to Rbriie.. ' Among Roman Catholics only -the moBt' ignorant 'can be deceived 'iri11 tlieW&fCe1; The idea of the ilgrimage originated,1 there cari' can be no doubt; with 'the Vatican.' Its Object. waB to' intimidate the QuiHnal; by demonstrai- ting tba't political parties were prepared to ally1 themselves with the good Catholics of Italy" and- ' Spain, in seeking the recovery; of the terfiporal: power. ' Don Carlos may possibly, have been instigated to lend his approval to the' pilgriiris; but it is not at all likely that1 he' it iwbb who: conceived the first thought of' giving a political character to the demoristra- tration. Don Carlos is well aware that 'the majority of the prelates and priests of Spain are decidedly opposed.to the revival of ' civil war. The Cardinal Archbishop of Cdiri- postella has; in a' letter to the' French paper Lei Monde, clearly expressed his opposition to the: pilgrimage to Rome. Ho refrains, he says, froni sanctioning the movement in1 liiS' diocese, aware as he is of the evils that would be the result'of identifying his Church with a demonstration tending to serve party pur poses'. The Jesuits— the Pope's; grenadiers- will, rio'doubt, condemn the Cardinal's pusil lanimity. ! They have lorig maintained the theory, that it is only through the troubles of princes :and nations, and through warfare, that the itriumph ; of the Papacy will be se cured. : ' >! Ignorance Of tlie Bible.— Pro testants": sometimes say, that their. Roman Catholic countrymen : are well acquainted with;tho Scriptures, though Continental fol-! lowers of the Pope may be ignorant of them. Such Protestants, however, are much' mis- taken. A Mr. Jairies Poole, M.A., writes to the Weekly Register to say that he has' now been: for five years a Roman Catholic, arid he' states," the weakest point I have noticed is,'' that 'Catholics are for the most part almost entirely unacquainted with Holy Scripture. I am speaking now of well- instructed Catho lics, >who know the principles of religion wbll, and jive in the practice Of our most holy faith. I These people are, in many cases, com pletely ignorant of the story not only of Ab raham; Moses; or David, but even of the life of our/Lord, as related by the Evangelists." Mr. Pooleiadds, that he has known a Roman priest whose knowledge of the Word of God was so deficient; .that he had even " forgotten his rBible history ! " We know, that it is to the intei'est' of the Church of Rome to. keep her-'priests arid 'people 'in this lamentable State of- Bible ignorance. 1 Her cause cannot stand where the Word of - God is well known and obeyed:- ;!' '!-- Aw k w ar d Questious un- anSwered. Jlr. John Ennis of New Ross' on some debate about the succession, says that lie asked Cardinals— Cullen, Manning and Newman; these questions — "First, is it true as. stated by the learned ' Priest Reeves,' in hiB'history of the Christian Church, page 248, that. Pope John XI. was the ' bastard ' son of his predecessor. Pope SergiuB III., by Marozia, daughter of the lewd Marchioness of Tuscany ? Secondly, could Apostolic succession come downj unbroken '/through/illegitimate Ropes, whose fathers were'Popes,' arid whose mothers were abandpn.ed women ? , Thirdly, ,if the Rev. gehtie'rriah will/kiridly proyoi to;me from the- RqraiinCatholio Bible that my salvatiori/as a Protestant Christian, , depends upon ' union ' with'Pope Leo XIII., successor of the illeglti-?: mate/ Pope John XI., I shall, without one : momerit/s hesitation , become at , once, and /for; eyier a member pt: the Roman.CatholiCiChurch ; bdierig as.I do, in the Apostolical injunction;: 1 To /prove all things, arid hold /fast that;which isfgqq'ii,' (l8t Thes8.,;i5, 21,|Roman Catholic. Bible).// , , Arid the only answer he j ever, jrer ceiyed vvas thoYpllqwing /' Archbishop's /House, .Westminster, ii: r. I i; /. . . S/W., /London, March 19, 1878.., giRThe /Cardinal for , ,whom . I ha ve; Re ceived "a latter, from you, is, not, in England.--: I I am, Siryour obedierit seRvant, , ,.,j ;Jrihri'Ebni8r Esq: j W. A. Johnson." ,!j|Figallyj'!niust riot. the, dumb '; attitude; of,. Rqme's . ririeBtly ' Goliaths;, to . every, jpeRson of ; ' sariie / mind, mathematically demonstrate ;thq , ' absolute,' . impossibility .of . Rpniq/s. rno8tfdisT , tingpiBfiedlj/theplpgiaris ,to, dejferid,i,uppn Jhe grqundS of /Scripture and Teason, that system, of religibii which they, so, audaciously invite . nsProtestants./to ' blindly. adopt ?,!'.' ... 7' .Spii/itualistic .—The search foR.jthp. reinains of : the, late EaRl .of. Crawford,, has, u,ldprgpne a ,rie>v/and strange jevelopment., A. party., of spiritualists from London,' con sisting of two, ladies arid two gentlemen,' have j beeri,/ at' puriecht House prosecuting.. ;their., occjult investigation for the body. ; They/statp: that in their! trances they have distinctly seen , th(e, body,. bei rig., stolen /, from : .the, tomb. , The tiriie.of jiie ;jyear , seemed to, be; , feaRlrar Aan; May!/., ,/Rriq,hip»eri77iv.,.eng%pduip'rJflie!. robbery.' They' carried the hodyjWhich. w;as wrapped in a covering, to a house on thJ estate, arifi/some time afterwards removed it to a field that' slopeWtowards a 'wood/ This is the exact locality fixed;upon by the young man whose dream 'was recently referred to. The experiment is notryet concluded. The Earl i of - Orawfqrd'is a believer in spiritualism, and the attempt1 to 'recover the remains1 by means of clairvoyance has been made at his' request;- nHe had better trust to the' Detectives. " Commandment omitted:—1 Ani 'Association: Secretary of the Irish 'Ghrirch' Mission's to Roman Catholics 'lately Stated,'1 that he? knew -as 1 ri 'fact, . that' in'no Roirian11 Catholic- School 'in 'Irelarid is any portion' of " theiSecond Commandment taught by'riieans" of Catecliisms. ; "In ' every Catechisiri taught in' thoseJschools,' the'Commandirient forbidding ' images/and image worshipis entirely oiriitted 1 - ,./®eter Pence. — The Tablet publishes1 thel following account, which is adopted 'by VLiRyjCorresponclance de< Rome, of ' the'Reter Pence-payments in 1879 : France sent 1,000- OOOArnncs / America, '900,000! francs'; Erig-1: land (we'presiime 'Great;Britairi' arid -Ireland'' are meant), 750;000: francs 'Austria, 150,' OflO -fraribB 'Germany, 160,000 francs7; Italy, 1 600,000 francs-j" Switzeri'firid, 90,000 1 francs. It gives -rio 'accouht qf1 other countries., -'. Tlie 'coriclriSion" is 1 that; the : Catholic religion "showS no signs of 'approaching dissolution.! Of course ! money is everything. Dr. Vauglian's " Premons- tratentiaiis.— The Francais Btat'es that the Duke of Norfolk has presented' an" es- ' tate' at Storrington, near Aruridel, to the ' Premonstratentians expelled from St. Michel de Frigolet, who wijl accordingly build an" "abbey there. '- ' 