BRIEF CHRONICLES. During the recent trouble with the Dub lin police the Irish Government received offers from 2,000 Orangemen to act as spe cial constables. Tho British troops operating in Egypt are now being supplied with provisions by the Bedouins. The Yery Rev. Dr. Backhaus sustained an apopletio stroke on Friday, and is not expected to recover. He is 73 years old, and for thirty years was stationed at the Roman Catholic Church at Sandhurst. It is stated that at a meeting of the fire offices recently held, it was agreed that the hitherto existing tariff rates for fire insur ance in Victoria be abolished. The Treasurer anticipates that the addi tional estimates will amount to £80,000. This sum will include a further loan of 40, 000 to local bodies for tho purpose of conservation of water. It is proposed to form a submarine tunnel between Scotland and Ireland. Dr. John Weir, of San Francisco, has arrived here with authority to make proposals to the Government for the construction of cable tramways in Melbourne. The act authorising the collection of the beer duty expired on Thursday by effluxion of time. James Yee Kut, a Christianised Chinese, who can read and write English, has been naturalised at Stawell, before Mr. F. T« smytii , p.m. Mr. itut is held m great esteem in the district. A stud merino ram, belonging to the flock on the Wooloomanata estate, Geelong district, and worth £200, died in con sequence of injuries inflicted by another ram. The Europeans residing at Damietta hare been attacked by the Egyptians, and a number were shockingly maltreated. A strong public feeling in favour of Arabi Pasha is beiDg manifested at Constantinople. The Yictorian Cricketer's Association have sent a telegram of congratulation to the Austaalian Eleven. It is believed that coffee could be grown in the county of Cumberland, N. S. W. A boy named Cohen has been badly hurt at Dubbo by tho bursting of a gun. Larrikinisim is increasing at Adelaide. The lash is suggested as a deterrent. Mr. Grant lias directed that a circular be issued, prohibiting State school teachers from receiving presentations or testi monials, except by consent of the Depart ment. More mining accidentj have taken place in the coleny during the past six mouths, than during the whole of 1SS1. The General Assembly of the Presby terian Church in Ireland has forbidden its congregations to use instrumental music. The dairymen of Ballarat hare decided to reduce the price of milk to 4d per quart, the alteration to take effect on and after Monday next. A man named Turner was fined £50 and £5 5s costs, at the Echuca police court, for smuggling two wagonettes from New South Wales into Victoria. Mr. Archibald Eastwood was the only candidate nominated for the vacancy in the Lextonshire Council, caused by the retire ment of Mr. C. Clapperton, and has been declared duly elected. The Rot. Mr. Riordan, formerly a Roman Catholic priest, has been appointed minister of the Prebyterian Church at Sale. A cranky woman at Ballarat has a habit of claiming strange men as her husband. On Friday last she claimed a 26 year old man. to whom she professed to hare been married 19 years ago. It is reported that Mr. Matthew Arnold, the welll- known writer, is going to visit Australia. The new state school at Clunes, opened on Friday, has cost £3,395, exclusive of furniture. A laborer named Robert Wolstencroft, vrbil st engaged grubbing on Friday in a pad dock near Dimboola, was killed by a tree falling on him. A ghost has appeared at Ballarat, and knocked down a schoolboy who attempted to capture it. Telegrams received at Singapore from the Phillipine Islands state that cholera is still raging there, the number of daily deaths being very great, and Manilla is be ing decimated by the disease. Important discoveries of tin lodes are re ported at Stanhope. In several places rich specimens have been ohtained from lodes 4 to 5 feet wide. An old sailor named Robert Abell was stabbed by a Bavarian named Graf dur ing a drunken row at Carisbrook on Fri day. A blind man, residing at Ballarat East was recently robbed of £9- The mean thief has not yet been detected. The Ruth erglen shire council has peti tioned the Commissioner of Customs to es tablish a close season for cod and bream in j the Murray. j . The bees in South Australia are dy ing in consequence of the severity of the season. Cetewayo, the restored king of Zululand, has embarked on board the steamer which is to take him back to South Africa. Rev. "Joseph Cook appreciates the beauty and majesty of the gum trees of Australia, and thinks " the kangaroo is one of the most graceful of animals." Sandhurst dividends for past week £10,5S7 Ids ; calls £5400. Agent-General telegraphs the first million worth of debentures have been deposited in the London and Westminster Bank. It is proposed in the South Australian Parliament to do away with oaths in judical proceedings, and substitute a simple declara tion. The Adelaide to Port Darwin telegraph line now pays current expenses and some portion of the interest on the cost of the construction. The South Australian vote per year for the aborigines is £5, S00 odd: not a high price for the country to pay to its original owners. Sir Garnet Wolseley has lost one eye, the greater portion of his left shin has been shot away, one side of his face has been destroyed, and every square inch in his body has been riddled with stones from an exploded shell ; but what is left of him is good enough to make the best military commander in the British army. The discontent amongst the Dublin con. stabulary has culminated in a serious entente. The disaffected constables held a meeting for the purpose of ventilating their grievances, whereupon the Government dis missed the officers who took part in the proceeding, the result being the wholesale resignation of their brother members, who upheld them in their insubordinate attitude. The police in other districts followed suit, the result being that the authorities had to occupy tho Dublin stations with soldiery in order to provide for the preservation of order. The rabble took advantage of the interregnum to commit various acts of disorder and pillage. A good many of the police subsequent v avowed themselves penitent and returned to their duty, and discipline seems now nkely to be shortly restored. The Turco- Greek dispute is still unsettled, but it is hoped that it may be the subject of peaceful arbitrament, and not necessitate a further appeal to guns. 