CHAPTER XVI. We live in an age of change, progress, and revolution—theological, philosophical, social, and mechanical revolutions ; science clashes with theology ; statesmen point and quibble on the verges of universal eruptions ; let but one of the many sparks touch but one of the many trains which lead to the great national magazine, and what will be the result ? He is a wise man who can tell. lt is an age, also, of incredulity and cynical unbelief ; and, if one ventured, a prophecy that the next ten years would see the vitals of the universe convulsed in the throes of war and bloodshed, ending in one of the most comprehen- sive revolutions the world has experienced, he would probably be dubbed a fool for his pains. It is an age of party collisions, and technical disputes. Theologians differ among themselves ; and he is a wise man who, from out the confusion of their ideas, can grasp the correct teachings of Holy Writ. One branch of science tells us that in a few short years our beautiful world will be consumed ; another, that it will continue for pæans, eras, ages ; and he is a wise man who can grasp the truth. If we ask for the policy which is to eventuate in peace and goodwill to men on earth, one statesman cries—" War, war;" another —" Peace, peace," and he is a wise man who can solve the problem. But the man who can take for his guide the plain precepts of Scripture, and conscience for his doctrine, leaving the world to revolve and find its own doom, is the wisest man of all. Away then, with the dim, uncertain future ; let it unfold its darkly-hidden, secrets with the voice and light of time ; the facts of the present and the past will prove enough to deal with. That we live in an age of change is a fact pa- tent to the eye, and requires no scientific demon- stration. The inhabitants of any land, whether its shores teeming with the busy throng, or its dwellers few and far between, have but to look back, a few short years to note the changes. To us, dwellers in the new, half-settled land of the south, the work of time is especially apparent. The bright sun rises on a scene of wild untutored physique, primeval forests and uncultured plains, where the dusky savage gravely stalks, and the wild birds twitter to the unroused beasts ; ten years later the sun rises on the huts, the herds, and the waving cornfields of the settler. It is surprising with what rapidity civilisation has displaced heathenism in Australia ; but more sur- prising still is the completeness of the usurpa- tion, as witnessed by the almost total annihila- tion of the aboriginals, and the denuding from the land all traces of its pristine vestiges. Where Europeans have taken full possession of the soil, the only relics to be found of the earlier races, are a handful of degraded drunken wretches, a few dilapidated graves, and the stone tomahawk. Australia Felix, summer land of beauty, thy breath resounds with magic murmurs, ripples, bubbles, flowings, and mysterious whispers ; but what of thy past ? To-day, thou art fair to look upon, but over thy purling brooks, and blossom- gilded valleys ; about thy brooding solitudes, thy floral timber lands, and flower-frecked hill tops there hangs the glamour of a bygone era ; where is the record of thy past ? Was it a wild un- grounded dream, which faded when the white man's axe struck in thy forests—a baseless fabric, which vanished with the first breath of civilisa- tion ? or, does the record still lie hidden in the wild interior ? Was there no poesy, no romance, in the blank before, when the emu stalked and the kangaroo browsed in thy peaceful solitudes, amidst the everlasting lullaby of still whispers ? Whither did thy myths of lore take refuge ; when the pale-face sang upon thy shores ? Other lands less fair have pages, books, of beautiful tradi- tions, and yet, thy bosky hills with rugged sky- lines, black against the mass of blue, thy wierd- like gullies, deep and hollow sounding, fitting abodes for mountain elfs or lurking vampires, tell no pale secrets of antiquity ; thy glinting lakes, and bronze-hued reed beds ; thy forests black concealments, and thy uncanny jungles, hold no ghosts of whilom ages. Thy fern-hid caves and rockbound caverns, hung with anti- quarian cobwebs, do they conceal no relics of pre- adamites ; no Allophyhan bones ; no mezozoic claw tracks, or time-worn hieroglyphics, by which to trace and build a history for the dead afore- time ? No, none. Your past is dead, dead for ever ; the yore of our sunny land is a blank ; its story is lost in dark oblivion. TO BE CONTINUED.) 'A m'an námod.ThomaB Smith was "placed in tho dock afc- :tho Watoi'iPoltco Court last, Monday-to auswor a charge of havingiwilflilly murdorod ono tPhilip¡ Trolls, master ^of,-tho Th'itUh vessel.Annie -, Ç.'.iLynn,, afc li hincho.'. Bay, New liribain, on or aboub Ino 27th Feb ruary läsüi '. Home particulars of :, 1 ho uiurilor havo already appeared in,this journal.,. Tlîo prisonor.is a mun ol' short..siaturoland of. apparently sullen dispo sition! |lio plcadod nob guilty; and .was. undefended. Sub-iiispootor Jponohuo deposed thatafcaboutSo'clook p.ni. on Sniulay hoprocuodoJ. on board tho. suhooncr Sea .Hip, which'had just arrived in port from tho South Sea Islnnils. ¡ Captain Sonbliguto, master of tho schooner, handod the prisoner ,u\to custoday ou a charge of murdering,Captain Tiolls. Pri^onor marlo no remark when given in'o Iii i custody on this ohnrgo, andwituu-s took him anhöre.. No further ovidouco was taken, and thoprisonor was remanded for seven days. , " , " 