THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF JOHN MARMON, THE HOKIANGA PAKEHA-MAORI; OR SEVENTY-FIVE YEARS IN NEW ZEALAND. CHAPTER X Right glad was I to see the banana and bread-fruit groves of Papeete disappear beyond the horizon. Amid such scenes of beauty, where earth seemed as nearly a paradise as can be realized in life, I had grown mortally tired- an insatiable longing for my former dare-devil existence had taken hold of me; in a word, reader, I was heartily sick of respectability. Poor as a church mouse I had set foot upon Tahiti, and as poor I left it, though my enemies will insist that I left his Tahitian Majesty minus fifty yards of tapa, or native cloth. Reader, it is a malicious slander. If I did appropriate the cloth it was in lieu of my wages, within interest and compound interest up to date; only, as I was rather hurried in my departure, and forgot to give his Majesty a receipt, he fears I may, like a dishonest tailor, send in my bill again, therefore I am accused of stealing it. The " Wave Queen " was the slowest tub ; it was ever my lot to sail in. Six knots an hour was the maximum speed she ever reached while I was aboard, and that only with the most favourable wind, but the sailors were a jolly set of dogs, fond of a yarn and a song, so the time passed very pleasantly. By-and- by, however, when it was my turn to take the wheel, I began to suspect that we were bearing too much to the nor'ard ever to strike New Zealand, and on asking the skipper he coolly told me he had changed his mind regarding putting in at the Bay of Islands, that as his wood and water held out well, and the voyage had been unduly prolonged, he would stand direct for Sydney. My heart sank with me. I dared not remonstrate, lest he should sus- pect I had some pressing reason for not caring to go to the latter port, and I was utterly power- less to take any steps to escape, as the watches were most strictly kept on board. I was apparently hurrying back to the arm of justice, and I knew that the punishment for escape would be extended imprisonment or death. No man exactly likes to walk up to our last enemy and be "run in" like a felon. Better it is to stumble across the old gentle- man unawares, and receive his greeting when you least expect it. I became now a most arrant coward, suspected my messmates, lost my appetite, became morose and surly, utterly different from what I had been be- fore, until they imagined I was possessed of a devil or had the agony of an unconfessed sin on my soul. Yet what did I fear ? In my calmer hours when I asked myself the question it was difficult to find an answer. Man or ghost were alike indifferent to me, as I did not care a fig for the one and did not believe in the other, yet there was the name- less terror the clutches of Justice always possessed for me, and I dreaded once more to fail into the toils. As each day closed it seemed a day nearer my doom, nearer to the time when the impending sword would fall upon my head. I became avoided as a pestilence, and nearly imperilled my safety by my efforts to be safe. At length the day arrived when we entered Port Jackson. Then it was that I became cool as a cucumber, aud willing to face any danger. We cast anchor at Campbell's Wharf, and to my horror I perceived standing there the very soldier I had escaped from watching our arrival. In an agony of apprehension I rushed to the cook's gallery, daubed my face with soot, so that I was almost unrecognisable, and upon our entries being passed volunteered work in the hold (the most arduous of all duties) in the dis- charging of cargo. At length this was com- pleted, the hands were paid off, and I must confront the danger. Remembering that one of my messmates had a bottle containing the juice of the Indian berry very powerful in dyeing, I asked him for some of it, which, without hesitation, he granted. I carefully rubbed this into my skin until I was so dis- guised that my own mother would not have recognised mc, then receiving my swag I started up the wharf for the town. Every look I received was to me detection. I read recognition in every countenance, yet still liberty is dear, and I braved all until I could learn when I should get a ship for New Zea- land. To this latter place I had as strong a desire to go as previously I had to go to Tahiti. But we are the playthings of im- pulse, and a moment turns us either into saints or sinners. But meantime where was I to stay ? My old haunt the " Sailor'3 Arms " was for ever closed to me, at my-lodging-house I would be in danger-my only safety lay in betaking myself once more to Dolly Palmer's house, where I knew I would be all right. By all the back ways and round-about paths I could think of I went until I reached my destina- tion, and was received with great kindness by Dolly, who had now two other girls staying with her, so that altogether I was very much in clover. I quietly said nothing about having any money, because in this world the less you let your friends know of you the better they will like you, there Dolly, who was always harping upon getting married to me, told me that if I would marry her she would keep me all my life. I at once agreed, as I wanted some cash, and she duly became Mrs. William Turner. She told me there was no longer any danger of detection for me, as a fortnight after I left a corpse was picked up near the King's Wharf, which was identified as mine, and interred in the con- victs quarter. My former self, then, was dead, buried, and gone to ---, and phoenix- like I had arisen again in a new character. This was a relief, as I was tired of constant apprehension and disguise, therefore I boldly walked in disguise of the arm of justice. I could not see any sign of a ship going to New Zealand, although I carefully scanned the Sydney Gazette every week, there was no alternative then but to wait and to hope. I had nothing to bother me now, no work, no anxiety, nothing to do but to lounge about and note the many great and beneficial changes the policy of Governor Macquarrie had effected in Sydney. Beneficial as regards the health and commercial well-being of the colony. I mean, because he did not run his head against social posts as his predecessor, Bligh, had done. He left the liquor traffic as he found it, and was saved quarrels with the military, who had a monopoly of the spirit trade. For rum a few years back was a standard currency, an indispensable medium of exchange in a colony where money was scarce, and many a day's wage have I re- ceived in spirits, thinking myself better paid than I would have done had it been in hard cash. Nor did the Governor stand in the way of a quiet bit of love-making with the female convicts as Bligh had done, knowing, I suppose, that love will pick locks which a sledge hammer will not burst. Sydney life was much as I had left it, wild, free, reckless, though since the 102nd Regiment, or New South Wales Corps had been succeeded by the 73rd. things had not been quite so bad. It was now September, 1816, or quite two years since I had been acquainted with the interior of His Majesty s Goal. I found the city considerably altered, because Governor Macquarrie developed a mania for building, and calling these buildings by his own name until Macquarrie seemed the one name given in Sydney to be used. The town was divided into five districts, in each of which was erected a watch-house with an efficient police staff. The streets were named and kept in good repair, attention being paid to regularity in house building, so that all the erections in a thoroughfare might as nearly as possible correspond. The markets, held on Mondays, Wednesday, and Fridays, were regulated as to time, being legally open from six in the morning until three in the evening ; the supplies in the public store- | houses where kept up to a certain standard, so as to avert such terrible famines as oc- curred in the days of Governors Philip and Hunter, when the entire colony was upon quarter rations and martial law was strictly adhered to. A post-office was established, with Isaac Nicholls as postmaster, and the Bank of New South Wales took shape, being started with great flourish of trumpets in November, 1816. The Rum Hospital, crowning the summit of one of the ridges on which Sydney stands, was in course of erec- tion, certain parties having agreed to build it for a stated quantity of rum and the right to purchase or to land free of duty all the spirits imported into the colony for three years. The theatre, first opened by Tom Sparrow in 1796, was in full swing, with " She Stoops to Conquer " on the boards, and the Sydney races, instituted in 1810, were on the eve of taking place. The num- ber of public houses had vastly increased since Bligh's time, nearly every emancipated convict taking up one, in which trade large sums of money were made and extensive tracts of country acquired for half their value. I took a trip to Paramatta to see the country. It is situated at the head of Port Jackson Harbour, about fifteen miles by road from Sydney, and although far behind its mother city is yet well worth a visit. As I went there at the time of the half-yearly fair, the end of September, I saw the place in all its glory, crowded with buyers and sellers. As the great western road to Bathurst and Wellington runs through it I felt assured it had a bright future before it. I saw the Hospital and the Female Orphan Home, also the School for the education and training of natives, founded by Governor Macquarrie in 1814, which seems to be achieving a marked success. Much was this required, for the persistent and dastardly outrages practised by the blacks through the early days of the colony, beginning with the Rushcutters' Massacre, imperatively demand some means being taken to put a stop to them, either by the arm of the law or by the more humane system of enlightened education. I also visited Windsor (formerly called Green Hills), situated about thirty- five miles from Sydney, at the meeting of the South Creek with the River Hawkesbury. This river has played a most important part in the early history of the colony, in that upon three several occasions, by excessive floods, rising sometimes upwards of seventy feet above it usual water mark, it has swept the grain, stock, hay, vegetables out to sea levelled the houses of the settlers to the ground, caused great loss of life, and re- duced the infant settlement to the last straits of famine. Land here is very rich, and I could not but admire the long stretches of fine pasture land dotted with flocks and herds of the finest breeds, the neat mansions with their orchards and outhouses, and the picturesque township crowning the summit of a small hill. It was here also that I saw an unusual transaction, but one which, if more generally followed, would be most beneficial to society. A worthy citizen of Windsor, under the delusion that bringing his wife to the hammer in a public auction-room, both individuals consenting, was a dissolution of the matrimonial bond, brought his partner into the sale-room, and putting her up for dis- posal found a purchaser at £20. So in- dignant were the towns people at the tran- saction that they reported the affair to the magistrates, who brought the happy trio be- fore them, and then sentenced the husband to three months' imprisonment with fifty lashes, the wife to be transported to Coal River (now Newcastle) letting the would-be benedict escape minus his money and his spouse. It was whilst staying at Windsor that the collision between the Europeans and natives took place at Bringelly, on the Nepean. Thirty or forty natives had, without pro- vocation, sacked the farm of one of the most wealthy settlers, taking away large quantities of grain as well as effects. Seven whites at- tempted to retaliate, but only at the sacrifice of four of their lives, and then the blacks, encouraged by their success, went on to plunder other farms. Everyone fled, and it seemed as if the settlement was to be crushed altogether. The aboriginal forces received large reinforcements. Large numbers of natives, never before seen within the limits of the settlements, came in from the moun- tains. At Cowpasture they were very dar- ing and destructive. On the Bathurst road they stopped several drays, sacking the con- tents and killing the bullocks. Even at Lane Cove, near Sydney Harbour, they destroyed a valuable maize crop, and killed two settlers. When the intelligence reached Sydney, a contingent of the 46th Regiment, under Captains Shaw and Wallace, was sent out to scour the country, and at Airds came to an engagement with the blacks, when fourteen of the latter were killed and seven taken prisoners. A foolish policy of con- ciliation caused the Governor to set these captives at liberty, in place of stringing them up by the neck. However, in future, no native was permitted to approach within in a mile of any town or village, and they were not to meet in larger parties than six. Soon after I left Windsor, but not before another destructive flood on the Hawkesbury did much damage to the settlers, in which I nearly lost my life in endeavouring to secure for myself a brand new coat which I saw floating down the stream. I returned to Sydney, not being able to get anything to do either in Windsor or Paramatta, and com- menced my former lounging life. Although I had the offer to go to work on the light- house that was being built on the South Head, by a man named Hawkins, with whom I had become acquainted. I preferred to knock about unembarrassed by any stated work, so long as Dolly would keep me. But she was beginning to cut up rough. She was as jealous as a cat with kittens when I looked at any other girl, and - bless their little hearts-I could not keep from it, for I loved them all. This made me more desirous to be off, as well as another circumstance which occurred at this time, and very nearly led me into trouble. I had gone in to Tom Bowling's to get a drink, when whom should I see standing at the bar but my old mate in the Harwich, Sam Crigley. '' Shiver my timbers, " he cried, after a prolonged stare at me, " if it ain't little Jacky, Man alive. I thought you had got into chokey, and had slung yer hammock in the jail ; let's have a drink." " I fear you are mistaken, mate," I replied, " my name is William Turner, and I never sailed in the Harwich. I came here in the Hindostan, that brought Governor Macquarrie." " Blast my eyes if ye ain't Jack's ghost; poor Jacky. However, mate, take a drink and spin us ye're yarn." Every eye was turned on me, and I knew if I flinched in the least I was done for. I accepted the drink, evaded the necessity of spinning my yarn, but shortly afterwards took my depar- ture. I had scarcely got into Macquarrie Place where another individual accosted me with the query, " Where you ever on board the Harwich >" Hurriedly replying in the negative I passed on, and without further delay, reached my wife's house, where I re- mained in close concealment for a month. At length I saw by the Gazette that the Sally Schooner, Captain Hicks, would sail for Bay of Islands on the l5th of January, 1817, for a cargo of New Zealand flax. In this vessel I determined to go, even although almost insuperable difficulties lay in my way. My wife kept a watch on me keen as a lynx, never allowing me to be long out of her sight. Again, as this was a Government craft, I would be obliged to give a very minute account of myself before I would be accepted as a hand, or taken as a passenger. Nevertheless, 1 determined to attempt it, for success is only merited by those who attempt. I hear the fastidious reader ask, but what about the wife ; does she not go also? My friend, in this life if you will per- sist in looking after the interest of other people, you will die in the work-house; keep your e ye fixed on self, and you are on the the high road to fame and fortune. Well did I know my spouse would not grieve long after me, but would get another husband as quickly as I intended to get another wife, therefore few were the qualms of conscience to be anticipated on that score. The only wav I had of conveying my swag away was on my back, so that when I bade farewell to my wife's dwelling I had no less than three shirts two pair of trousers, and two coats on me at one time. Warm, you will suggest A little, stranger, when the thermometer was only 90 deg. in the shade. I walked quickly to King's Wharf, off which the Sally lay, and springing into a dingy, rowed out to her. Singularly enough three of the hands engaged for the voyage had absconded the previous day, therefore with but few questions I was retained as one of the crew, and was duly in- stalled in the forecastle that evening. Our crew numbered seven in all, and they were on the whole decent jolly dogs with whom I got on very fairly. On the following day we weighed anchor, and I bade Sydney my last farewell, since it was many a long year before I set eyes upon it again. Heaven send it prosperity, for many of my happiest days were there spent. It appears, as I afterwards heard, that my departure was just in time, for suspicion having been aroused amongst some of the constables as to my identity, and the individuals whom I had met declaring I was a former " Harwich "hand, a strict watch was set for me. Dolly's house was searched only to discover that the bird was flown and that their efforts were in vain. Ere long we sighted the "Three Kings," and soon cast anchor in the Bay of Islands, my home for the future. To be continued) 