The reply of Sir John Robertson to the deputation which waited npon him on Friday last in respect to tho land question was of a satisfactory character. Not that ho ngrcod with tho views of the various speakers at tho Temperance IIoll as. to what ought to bo douo to remedy tho defects in tho Land Act, hut because lie admitted that thcro wero defects, and that they ought to bo remedied. Had he regarded the measure as absolute perfection, tho initinl difficulty would have been a fatal one so far as ho is con cerned ; but he denied that he had over so regarded it, and challenged anyono to produco any speech of his in which such an allegation had been made. Tho objects of tho Act of 18G1 were to break down monopoly, and settle the people on the laud ; and Sir John Robertson says if anyono will show him n better mode than the present for effecting those objects, lie will be glad to accept it and fight for it. No one could speak fairer than this, and those who know Sir John Robert son best are well aware that when ho says a thing he means it. The difficulty, therefore, is not to securo tho sympathy of tho Govern ment, but to Bhow how the roforms which all admit to be necessary are to bo effected. Sir John Robertson does not, however,, take a very hopeful view of the possibility of checking the aggregation of largo estates, " We have," ho said, " always hadf large " estates and small estates, and where money " passes freely from hand to hand,. as it' did " in all free countries, some would have a " large number of houses, some a large nura- " ber of ships, and some a largo quantity of " land and farther on ho said, " he did not " think large estates could bo prevented, " though he would prefer it if it were so." Of course no one could prevent tho sale and trans fer of privato property, though even that might be modified under the operation of a progressive land tax, but what we have to deal with is not the snle of private pro perty, bat tho monopoly of tho public estate. We may not bo able to prevent peoplo accumulating land, just as they accumulate bouses and ships, but we need not assist them in doing so by putting up immense areas to auction at an upset price far below their actual value, when we know very well that the monopolist is the only bidder. Tho evil is not the result of " money passing freely from hand to hand, "as it does in nil free countries," but it is the result, iu some cases, of fraudulent and flagrant evasions of tho law, and iu others of its too lavish administration. Surely Sir John Robertson does not think it impossible to check the growth of largo estates from these causes. Such a confession would in volve tho utter hopelessness of any attempt to settle the peoplo on the land ; and the Minister, we presume, should be tbo last person in tbo world to make such an admission. If things are to go on as tboy have gone for tho past ton years, what will the result bo iu ten years hence? There is no getting away Irom tho fact that tho land is boiug monopolised by tho few, and not Bellied by tho many. In 187S there were -10,3211 occupiers (ex clusive of those for paBtoral purposes) holding 10.V uiilliou acreH, but in 1881 tho numbers of occupiers bad actually fallon to 39,992, though tbo extent of holdings had increased to 27$ million acres ! It iB idlo to urge, in tlio face of tlieso figuros, that there is auythiog like progress in the settlement of iho country, Our tunrch, like that of the crab, is backwards. Wn have no desiro to crenlo a feeling of alarm oil tho subject, but something must be dono if the foundation is not to be laid for troublo and disaster in the future.- Sir John Robertson cannot view with complaisance tho startling fact that whereas in 1S71 31,538 persons held SI- million acres, in 1SS1 279 persons held 12 millions-, or million acres more than the whole population of the colony n tho former year. Sir John suggested that tho deputation should consult an actuary respecting a calculation on another point. They might with advantage inquire of such an authority how long it would take at our present rate of progress for ono man to acquire the fee simple of the whole country. Sir John Robertson is a master of the art of. making his opponents look foolish, and though there was no reason why he should regard tho members of tho deputation as opponents, he did not hesitate to exercise his talents in tbo direction indicated. " He " observed," he said, " in one part of Mr. " Heydon'a speech that he wanted to seo the " peoplo have freehold homes. In a part of " Mr. Melville's speech that gentleman " said the land ought not to be sold at "all. Now, where was the Land - Minister " who could draw a bill to suit that mcet- " ing?" Certainly there is a contradiction in the two proposals, but tbey are merely differ ent means for attaining the same end. All that the cheers of the meeting meant was that it would be satisfied with anything that would promote bona fide settlement and check monopoly. Instead of being quoted as evidence of tbo difficulty of framing a bill to please the people, the incident affords the strongest possible proof of the readiness with which tho country would accept any reason able measure of reform. And there is every reason to hope that Sir John Robertson will see bis way to submit a proposal wbich will have the desired effect, though it may neither bo based upon the leasing lines of Mr. Melville, nor the exact proposals of Mr. Heydon. In alluding to the residence con dition upon which land was Bold, Sir John Robertson said, " That was for three years in " tlio original Act, but it wbb now five years, "and it might be desirable to make it ten." We may infer from this, though Sir John was careful to add that he did not sny it would be desirable, that he recognises the necessity for a longer period of probation. If a Equatter is obliged to trust a man for 10 years, he will think twice before putting himself in his power. It iB too great a period for dummy- ism of the ordinary kind, and would go a long way towards checking the abuses to which wo have alluded. Something more, however, is required to put the land law on a satisfactory basis. Tbo " churchyard " system of dnmmying would not bo touched by the extension of the period of probation, nor would it cure the more Bsrious evil arising from the sale by auction of forfeited conditional purchases. In tho ono case the squatter has the will in his favour ; iu the other ho seloets with the intention of forfeiting and buying the land by auction. There is no uso mending ono hole in tho pot if another is left open. What ever amendments aro submitted will re quire to take in tlio wbolo case, and not Bimply to touch round the outside of the difficulty. We ninat congratulate Sir John Robertson on bis determination never to give fixity of tenure to the squatter. Tho whole country is now open to selection, as it ought to be, and it would bo a retrograde step of the most dangerous character to shut up a portion of it againBt the selector. What is wanted, is not restriction to the bona fide settler, but protection against the monopolist, the dummy, and the land shark. Mr. William Forster is not deserving of much sympnthy under ordinary circum stances, but at present wo admit ho , lias claims to a goncrous consideration which can hardly be ignored. Since last week ho must be the' most unhappy of pablio men. . To have been denounced by The Sydney Daily Telegraph for his calumtiious aspersions upon tho character of a successful political opponent, and to havo had his contemptible sheltering of himself in vaguo generalities exposed, was bad onough. Bat tbcre was worso in store. Ho has had to undergo the humiliation of being defended by tho Bulletin ! The aspiring politician, who looks forward to successfully opposing the Premier, and taking a prominent part in dirooting tho public affairs of this country, finds his champion in the paper whioh is tho synonym for what is base and contemptible in journalism. Tho repre sentative of tho gutter literaturo has taken up Mr. William Forster. Ho has degraded himself and his position by the scurrilous attacks be has made upon his great opponent, but ho has hardly merited this crowning indignity. Thcro is still a gulf between tho politician carried away by Btroug personal animosity and the mercenary gang concerned in the Robertson libel case. We really sympathise with Mr. Forster. Wo havo been compelled to speak in strong terms of his. constnnt vituperation of n political opponent, but wo belicvo lie has abilities which could be rendered useful to iiis country. We regret to seo him degrade himself and his position by bitter personal attacks, which destroy his influence as a public man. Aod wo are sorry to find bim in his present com pany, chniupionod by tbo veriest dregs of journalism. Our charge BgainBt Mr. Forster was, that lie used terms and indulged iu generalities when attacking the Premier's character which were susceptible of the very worst construc tion, and we pointed out the unfairness and cowardliness of this. Mr. Forster wroto to us, referring to a Supreme Court judgment, and mentioning certain names, offering! to send a copy of the judgment if we would publish it; in fact, making this journal j the vehicle of publishing attacks, raked up from past records, upon Sir Henry Parkes. He must have thought tho conductors of this journal great simpletons to expect them to fall into any such trap. It was no business of ours to reproduce past records affecting the character of the public man whom Mr. Forster was attacking. lie was doing the dirty work of raking up slanders, and upon him devolved the responsibility of being ex plicit. But tho honornblo member for Gun- dagai bad not the courage to neenpt this responsibility, but meanly endeavoured to shift it upon us, and when offered the oppor tunity of publishing them over his signature in The Telegraph, he magnanimously declined to accept it ! Mr. Forster's gibe about our " being bound to consider other interests " besides those of truth and justice " may go for what it is worth. We do uot think we have Bhown much hesitation in criticising the notions and utter ances of our public men, including Sir Henry Parkes himself, iu a manner not always favourable to them. Mr. Forster fails to seo that it would be moro becoming for him to make his attacks upon tho Premier when he is bore to answer them. Well, that is a matter of tnsto, about which tbo public will draw their own conclusions. Ho retorts upon us that wo wero not prevented by his absouco from Iho colouy from nttuokiug him. No ono knows better than ho that tho caBes aru not at all parnllol. Wo took notice of what was then occurring. Mr. Forster in England was maligning tho character of tho colony, and as soon an tlio information reached the colony, wo very properly condemned him. In his enso he has waited until Sir Honry Parkes has left the colony on his visit to Europe, and then ho has taken tlio opportunity to dofamo him by references to bygone trans actions. AVhero is tbo analogy? On this matter — that is, Sir. Forster's conduct in England about the limo he ceased to lie Agent-General— we eliall probably have some thing moro to say on a future occasion. It is utterly impossible for tho honorable member for Guudagai to explain or get over the difficulty thut, in 18GG, he was willing to join tho Ministry of which Mr. Parkes was Colonial Secretary, while ho now denounces him in tho most opprobrious manner for transactions anterior to that date. The dofenco of his new champion is worthy of the source whence it comes. Mr. Forster's expressed objection was to tho office allotted to him — that of Minister of Lands, and not to any of bis colleagues. Tho judgment of the Supreme Court was no difficulty on that occasion, and the then ghosts had no terrors for him. It would bo interesting to know at what period Mr. Forster'B virtuous scruples wero aroused by the Premier's iniquities. The enumeration of the ghosts of Butler and O'Farrell shows npon what unsubstantial gronnds all his labored denunciation rests. Surely Mr. Foreter does not cite theso in support of his slanderous expressions of " foul, vilo bauds," " disreputable antecedents" &o.; Sir Henry Parkes himself will be in Sydney shortly, and we shall see how Mr. Forster will face the man he has defamed in his absence. Tho prevailing impression is, that when Sir Garnet Wolsoloy leads a disciplined force of British soldiers against Arabi Boy's army, they will scatter it as chaff is scattered by a whirl wind. But the experience that was gained in tlio threo Egyptian wars we have had during tho present century does not warrant such a conclusion. Neither does French experience. The first Napoleon calculated that to take and hold Egypt would require 30,000 men, and he landed 30,000. When the town of Boulac, near to Cairo, was taken, the fighting was so sovcro that " tho streets liter- " ally ran wiLli blood." When Cairo was stormed, tlio French lost 500 men fighting in the streets. In 1807 Major-General Wuucliopo endeavoured to lake ltoscttn, but ho lost 300 men and wns killed himself. General Stewart made a second attempt, and retired after losing 1000 men. General Eraser was then glad to leave Egypt, with the condition that the prisoners lie had lost should be restored to him. In 1840, with the assistance of tho Turks and the Austrians, wo forced Mehcmet Ali to make peace ; but prior to tlis he had routed tlio Turks and threatened Constanti nople. Sir Garnet, it will bo observed, will havo n less force than Napoleon thought necessary. If Arabi should bo nblo to make a stand for a few weeks, lie will be almost certain to do eo for months, as the Nilo has commenced to rise, and before tlio end of this month the Delta will almost certainly be flooded. Then the scone for mili- tary operations will necessarily bo very limited. But for this the prospects of tlio expedition aro very much brighter this week tlinn they seemed to ho a few days ago. It is now certain that tlio Sultan, who favoured Arabi Bey in the first instance, lias cost him off. lie had calculated, no doubt, that if Arnbi succeeded, the annual tribute might be enlarged. Had lie continued to support Arabi, tho British Government might have willed its discontinuance. Mr. Gladstone has disclaimed the idea of conrpiest, but things certainly do look as if ho would obtain possession of a valunblo strip of Egyptian territory by the excrciso of tho samo sort of sleight of hand which gnvo Cyprus to Lord Beaconsfiuld. After peace is concluded, the construction of the fresh water canal will certainly bo commenced, nnd, if it is not made with British money, it will bo under British control. What Mr. Gladstone's ideas aro respecting the futuro government of the country, it would bo difficult to even guess at. IIo has stated thnt a prolonged military occupation would bo undesirable. But the Khedive cannot be left in the lmnds of the soldiers who havo rebelled against hiin, and he lias no other army. The English and French Controller-Generals must havo moro power in tho country than they had. Tho Khedive was in tight leading-strings bofore, but they will liavo to bo drawn tighter still. There can bo little doubt that tlio country would benefit by this. It has prospered under tho rule of Tewfik, since Ismail's career of extravagance was put an end lo. The revenue was increas ing, although extortion nnd the bastinado wero being gradually snuffed out. But how peace nnd order arc to bo assured, if the British army merely vanquishes Arabi and then retires, docs not appear very clear. Tho war seems to re semble very much thoso " little onos" Air. Ghulstono was constantly declaiming against when he wns in Opposition. Conquering Egypt is like catching a Tartar, wiio could bo neither taken nor left. Not tlio latest phase in tlio disastrous rivalry between (lie Insurance nnd Volunteer Firo Brigades, by any means, but ono in which tho perpetrator of n dastardly deed has been taken in flagrante delicto, was dovolopcd at tho firo near Kodfcrn on Saturday night. A member of No. 4 Volunteer Firo Brigade is alleged to havo been caught by an Insurance man in the act of cutting a valuable hose, but not before the hose was completely ruined. Truly, if the allegation bo correct, firemen have grovelling souls not ubovo their buttons. What matters it that lifo and limb nnd property bo at stake ? "First water" rules tho roast, and rival firemen will fight like Kilkenny cats, nnd hinder each other, so that their companies may gain tho kudos of having thrown tho first jet from their reels. This, as wo liavo often pointed out, is disgraceful, and, what is moro, unmanly. Aro tho firemen of Sydnoy, who hnvo tho noble reputation of heroic predecessors and congeners in other lands to sus tain, degenerated into larrikins and hoodlums of the worst typo ? What does it liinttor who throws first water so long as tho fire- qiiotieher reaches tho burning building? At conflagration after conflagration, wo havo to record bravo deeds marred, heroism turned into ribaldry, and system perverted cither to a drenching down pour of useless water, or tho essential clement hindered in its work by quarrolsomo mon inter fering with each other's hose. It is time the firo brigades of Sydnoy wero brought undor one responsible head, and either ono organisa tion or tlio other abolished for tho sake of tlio public weal. Our cablegrams to-day about the war in Egypt announco that the Military Convention has been submitted to tho Port by the Earl of Dufferin. Tho British waive tho right to command the Turkish forces, but insist on concerted action in any military operations to bo carried on. The Conference of the Powers sitting at Constantinople have agreed to Italy's proposal for a joint protec torate over tho Suez Canal. England's military action in Egypt, however, is left untramelled. The Coldstream Guards and the Grenadiers have landed at Alexandria, but nothing has yet been done by them pending tho nrrival of Sir Garnet Wolseley. British troops aro daily landing on Egyptian shores! The triumphal progress of the Australian Eleven has received a decided check from the Players of England, but this was expected, Tho score ot 310 obtained by the latter on the first day of the match wns increased on Friday to 322. The Australians then went in, and were all disposed of for 150, Horan making top score with only 37, and Mur doch, from whom greater deeds were expected, being sent back to the pavilion for the small total of 35. On Saturday the Australians followed on in their second innings, but the bowling of their opponents literally "blocked" them. Mnssie made top score with 31, and tho innings closed for 131\. The nggregato o( the Australian score was only 284, and that of the Players 322, Tho latter thus won the match by ono innings and 31 runs to spare. News has been received that nnli-Christian agitations have broken out at Morocco, and in Syria, As yet no outrages of a serious character have been reported, A telegram from Melbourne announces tho ar rival at Port Phillip Heads of the Orient p.s. John Elder, with Sit lieury Parkes and suite on board, The vessel was oxpected to anchor in Hobson's Bay early this morning. lie will bo entertained at a banquet at Melbourne, which will bo nttended by tho members of tho Victorian Ministry nnd members of the Legislature, nnd other prominent men. He will then come on to New South Wales by special train. The committco appointed hero to arrange a reception banquet lo Sir Henry meets at Compagnoni's at 4 this afternoon, when pro- bably a definite date for the ceremonies will be fixed. Says a metropolitan correspoudenl of tho Kiama Independent : — " Sir. Forster has been Iho rccipicul, and possibly deservedly bo, of a severe cnsligatory rebuke at tho hands of the Da il editor of which journal he had rashly addressed a sort of semi-public denunciation of his enemy Sir Henry Parkes. These constnnt personal attacks of the representative ot Gundngai, upon a foo who iu variably tresis them with the disdain they merit, are to ire condemned. There arc people'in this wide world of onia who cannot either forgive or forget bygone injuries ; nnd, granting that Mr. Forster's endorsement, with others, perhaps, was not met by the parties interested, and, ns he says, upset nil belief in his quondam friend's integrity, why, lot me ask, did he offer to ncccpt office in the samo Ministry ns his enemy, clogged with such absurd conditions as were contained in his accept ance? No I the marc Mr. Forster stirs up this muddy water the greater will tho slime adhere to himself. Then again, be has made an excessively foolish reply to Mr, Kzokicl Baker in reference to that unfortunate gentleman's connection with the Milburn Crock scandal, and which shads but little lustre on either party. For tho sako of all con- cerned in it — I mean the principals — this matter ought to be hidden from public gaze for over, for the deeper further inquiry is penetrated the moro unpleasant must be the outcome." It will be recollected that a few days ngo a deputation, consisting of the Mayor and aldermen of the City Council, waited on tho Commissioner for Bailways for the purpose of pointing out the possible danger whioh would arise from the sharp ness of tho curves in tho extension of tho tramway lines leading from KFzibjth-strcet into Phillip- Btreet. Tho Commissioner of Railways, in order that the curves might be properly tested, gave directions for a number of cars, loaded and un loaded, to traverse tho lines. For this purpose every description of motor and car was used, an, I the results reported were of an exceedingly satis factory nature, and proved the curves to be per fectly safe. The apprehensions of the public! who were under the impression that these curves were highly dangerous, will bo in a considerable degree abated by the knowledge that the tests used were of the severest possible kind. Under the provisions of the Railway Act, the Commissioner for Railways has the power, in cases of wilful or negligent omission of duty ou the part of any of the railway or tramway servants, whereby the safety of tho public is endangered, to cause such persons offending to be taken before the jus tices of the peace, to be dealt with according to law. Upon conviction following, justices havo the power to imprison for nny period not exceeding six months, or line parties who have thus rendered themselves amenable to the low.in a sum not ex ceeding £50. In view of the occurrence near Liverpool-street on Friday last, whereby several persons were shaken in a car into which a motor ran, tho Commissioner for Railways gave orders for the driver of the motor, named John Shcedy, to be arrested. This was done, nnd the man waB charged nt the Central Police Court on Saturday with culpable negligence, nnd rcmnuded till to-day. The steps taken are calculated to act as a warning to other servants, nnd to ensure greater safety to the public in the future. A member of tho Insurance Fire Brigndo nlleges thnt he caught n member of the No. 1 Volunteer Fire Brignde deliberately cutting a now 10 feel hose belonging to the former body, to prevent them from getting first water at the fire at Borth- wick's branch stores, near the Rcdfcrn Railway Station, on Saturday night. The liosc in question is cut for about a foot in the centre, and has thus been rendered ouite useless. We have to record the death of the Rev. Canon Thomas Smith, at the age of 53 years, He was born at Leominster, England, on 'December 21, 1829\. He came to Sydney in 1857, and was or dained in 1858, labouring first at Blackwattle Swamp, during which time St. Barnabas' Church was built. lie was made a canon iu 1872, and went to Bathurat in 1873. Here he continued till recently, when an unfortunate disagreement with his bishop occurred, The weather during tho last few days has con tinued cold, with southerly winds, nnd on Saturday evening some sharp Bhowcrs of rain fell. Yesterday was cloudy, nnd nt nightfall heavy rain was experienced, continuing at intervals. The barometer is very high. Another of those popular race meetings held under the anspiccs of TattcrBall's Club was brought off at Rnndwick on Saturday with great success. The weather was gloriously fine, the attendance good, and the racing itBelf could hardly have been excolled. Basilisk won the Hurdle Race, after a great cet-to with the favourite, Last Try, nnd thnt result was mainly due to the determined riding of Pickard. Twilight came home in front of 20 others in the Tramway Handicap, and Kanakn easily dispo-ed of tho hnlf-drzcn opposed to him in the Selling Race, The Two-year-old Stakes induced 1G youngs'ers to make their debut at Randwick, nnd it fell to a handsome son of Haw- thornden nnd Modesty, named Halifax, who won in capitil time. Fourteen went out for tho Loftus Handicap, and Bnimoral, cleverly ridden by Donald Nicholson, won nioely from Ilvpatia and Rupert. The Archishop of Sydney, Dr. Vaughin, laid the foundation-stone of a new school, church, and residence for the Sisters of Mercy at Campcrdown yesterday afternoon. A full report appears in another column. A banquet to celebrate the opening of the new Town Hall, nt Waterloo, was hold on the premises on Saturday evening, at which several members of Parliament wero present. A large number ot toasts were proposed nnd responded to, and the meeting broke up at a into hour. The election of four lieutenants in connection with the united volunteer fire brigades, took place at the Protestant Hall on Saturday night. Tho election taking place by bailor, there was a good muster, upwards of 300 men going to the poll. There were 11 candidates nominated, nnd the balloting extended to 9 o'clock. The declaration was made nt 10 o'clock with the following result : — Fiist lieutenant, W. Allen, superintendent Mount Lachlnn ; second lieutenant, J. W. Butcher, superintendent No. 4 South Sydney Brigade ; third lieutenant, J. II. Rainford, No. 3 Brigade ; fourth lieutenant, J. Brignoll, superintendent, Woollalira, Mr. E. Oram noted ns returning- officer, and there wero 11 scrutineers present representing tho 11 different companies, At tho close of the poll the officers returned thanks, and a vote of thanks having been tendered to those who took part, three cheers wero given, and the com panies dispersed. We are informed that Mr. J. P. Finnignn, who has been connected with the Railway Department for the past 15 years, has been appointed Examiner for that branch of tho Public Works. Notwithstanding the inelomeney of tho weather last night, Professor Hughes' lecture on "Free masonry " drew a large number of persons to tho Victoria Hall. The lecture, which wns delivered before, and simply repeated with a few additions last night, was most entertaining. There was nlso a vocal quartette; snored aria, "The Lifeboat," by Mr. Humphrey Stark, Mr. Usher ; sacred solo, saxophone, Mr. Sebastian Hodge. Avery pleasant evening was spent. There was no business of much importance transacted at the Central Police Court on Satur day morning. Mr. Clark, S.M., oifieiaied, and disposed of several " drunks '' nnd others in tho usual manner. John Shcedy, an engine-driver, employed on tho Government tramways, was brought up nnd charged with driving n certain steam motor so as to endanger the lives of certain persons on tho Bnid tram, on the 11th August, and was remanded till to-day (Monday), bail being allowed. Mr. Gannon appeared for the prosecu tion, and Mr. Roberts for tho defence. John Rubie, for being drunk and disorderly and assault ing Constable Carroll in the execution of bis duty, was fined in all 30s, or nine days. William Walker was brought up on remand, charged with not having paid the sum of £15, due by him under Bn order of the Court, mado for the support of his deserted child, and was further remanded till next Saturday, verbal bail being nllowed, A Beaman named Charles Thompson (35), who resented having to pay the current prices of beef, treated himself to 10s worth gratiB from the schooner Ellen, at the foot of Bathurst-strcet, on Friday, but unfortunately for him he was detected in the act of carrying it off in a bag. On Saturday morn ing he was called on nt tho Water Police Court to answer the charge of stealing it, and as it was a clear case of robbery, Mr. Buchanan sentenced Thompson to two months of prison diet instead. Six able seamen, belonging to tho ship Stafford shire, were brought before Mr. Buchanan, S.M., at the Water Police Caurt, on Saturday morning, and charged wiih combined disobedience. Their names were John Flaxman, John Cole," Edward Cole, Patrick Murphy, John Healy, nnd William Cornetl, nnd it was alleged that they had all refused to shin in the vessel, being on tho point of leaving for South America. Wilful disobedience being proved, Mr. Buchanan sent them all to gaol for 12 weeks with hard labour. Several heavy fines were inflicted by Mr. Bu chanan, S.M., upon inebriates at the Water I'olico Court, on Saturday, for using bad lxnguage. An old woman, named Mnry Mills, for being drunk and blaspheming, -to., waB fined £G, or three months' gaol. A married woman, named Mary M'Grrgor, for a similar offence, had to pay £3, in default to go to gaol for five weeks. A dealer, named John Hall, for swoaring, was fined GOs, or to reside nt Darlinghurst for a month ; and Mary Bakewell, for a similnr offence, was ordered to pay a like amount, or to " go up" for 30 days. The police authorities are net satisfied with the decision given by Mr, Marsh, S.M., nt Ilia Water Polico Court on Friday, in thecoso of tho mnn Wright, charged with " montc " playing at Rand wick on the previous day. Before tho racing commenced on Saturday a notorious character named ltegnn, who is alleged to be tho head of tlio fraternity, was arrested in tho very not of playing iho game, having just won £3 from a gullible individual, and was promptly removed to the lock-up. The police havo obtained such a clear ease that they nro determined, should Mr. Marsh again decide against them to-day, to lake the matter into the Suprcniu Court. The gang apparently thought Hint tho dismissal of Wright gave them immunity, nnd wero prosecuting their games in a most barefaced manner ; but the npprohension of their lender struck terror into them, and gin cases wero at a discount during tho remainder of tho day, A woman named Isabella Day, residing at Campbell-street, was convoyed to the Hospital on Saturday by Constable Cook from No. 2 stntion, suffering from injuries said lo linve been indicted by a man who she alleged had assaulted her. blie had a largo swelling on the left eye, said to have been caused by a kick, and she also had seve ral bruiBoa about the body. An infant named Maty Vidot, threo months old, was found dead in bed yesterday nt i s parents' residence, Botany-street. The death has teen re ported to the City Coronor. The body of Mr. Alfred Thomas, a Into resident of looivoombn, Queensland, who was drowned through falling overboard from tho ateamor Mor peth on the trip from Sydney to Newcastle, wns tonnd yesterday morning near the rocks at Moss- man's Bay by a. Mr. Sims, and with tlio assistance of the ferry steamer, was brought to Sydney, landed at Circular Quay, nnd taken chargo of by the Water Police; £20 sterling was found on the body, aB well as a watch and other articles. There was a slight laceration upon the forehead, which suggests the idea that the unfortunate gentleman Btruck something in falling over, nnd being ren dered insensible was unable to call for help. Tho body has been identified by Mr. John Garget, who was in company with the deceased on board tlio steamer. The matter has been reported to tho Coroner, who will piobnbly hold an inquest on tho body to-day. At the Theatre Royal last evening Dr. HugbeB, M.A., delivered to a large audience a lecture on " The Evils we Endure in the Nineteenth Century," He predicted that as timo went on the rich mon would become richer, and the poor much more numerous and in a greater slate of poverty. After touching on the priesthood, ho proceeded to urge an equalisation of labour amongst all classes which, if effected, would require six hours of labour to be performed daily by each person. lie deprecated self- aggrandisement nnd tho acquire ment of large riches by individual?, and advooatcd unity of interest, opinion, nnd practical co-opera tion in all the occupations of life. In treating of tho land question and tho oases of dummying, ho considered it a curious fact that " splitters nnd feaccra" should have been chosen from tho ranks of " the halt, tho blind, and tho maimed," If the country was to produce a great nation, lie con sidered thnt independent freeholds should exist. By auction sales, dummying, &c; , capitalists had been sweeping away the thousands of men who had been trying to make homes for themselves, and who had given up comfortable farmsteads in the home countries. He believed the time would come when the Byatem would bo productive of the greatest misery, and cause men to curse the land laws which gave rise to such a system. The colony imported four times ns much agricultural produce ns it exported, and freeholders only niimfiercd a few hundreds, while-, if dummy ing were stopped, agriculturists would spend more money in the country. The people had the power lo bring about a reform, and one of the many evils at the picscnt time wns cxtrnvnganee. Gross dis honesty wns greatly on the increase. Childrotl were taught that their records of ill deeds might UU 1 VUUvlt-W 0|JUUV0) WZW..H, giuillt the amount of moral nod spiritual indebtedness. He affirmed that much good might be "brought nbout by the cultivation of honour, industry, nntl uprightness. The officers of the courts of justico were, instead of continually aiming to procure jus tice easily and expeditiously, using their ingenuity in trying not to do so. He would urge on personB to make themselves better acquainted with the laws of the country nnd tlio laws of health, which would in a groat measure obviate the necessity for tho employment of lawyers and doctors. In con clusion, the lecturer nlluded to the great advan tages accruing from science, The lecture was listenod to throughout with much attention, and Dr. Hughes was frequently applauded, \Yc hare to acknowledge the receipt of a pamphlet entitled " A Few Words about Life Assnrnncc — an answer to Henry Francis," by Butler W. Oiuondc. In our report of the concert given by the Hope of Darlington Lodge, I.O.G.T., in Saturday's issue, tho name of MisB Size was inadvertently printed Liege. 