4its00ro i -3 Vrcs!i. 1 iA:TUMIDAY, -JULY ±2nd, ISt2. TlE tmuiptila horizon ohasnOmewhat cleare-, nld the ratpayers can nIow comprelhendl the situatnion more clearly. There are at present six endlidlates in the field, Messrs. Moore, Lyons, gEnoa, Blritten ltenettsi, and (rig-' lMears. oeni, Lyons, and Clnasen- are thei retiring councillors, the two fonner of whom are calodidates for re-eleeticon . Ir. Moore being also, if report speaks correctly. desir on of miaynral hioaunir. Ioth these gentle. men have been before the pubIlic in public capacities for seceraln yenars, nld the rate payers harve, therefore, the orest tt ot a:thoroughldyecuoiinniuotonnodpaiotat ir to thoe :diohaige of fljir pnhliodutiea, anl a.....tpcýdiotnitotnnintOra tl,,i,,otit of very considerabnle experiierd, n xpeeinie-r~...,.: hasn serve to reinder themselves successful in their prinvate ciapacities, and the nvalue of which, therefore, to the ratepayern., must inot he under-estimated. They are both ma terinally interested inll the welfare of the city, and thus possessa that grelatest of allic - ticus, identical interests with those they seek to represent. MIr. Evans has also eerrel the ratelyers hfor a considerable ten, and ans outr reader are aware, was re plinced by Cr. Phlipps at the aInst election. ie lhasn earned for himself the rnpotation of being an energetic and paectical councillor, and a hardl worker, both in council and comn mittee. lHis very energy .old dioposition to enquire ito everything, hordnlering some tittiesnco olliciousntes. has alirenated from him loainy of his once staunchi supporters. Nothing lhasn, ihowever, lee saidL, as far as lwe cant learn, against t his abilility anld uccecss sn a eouncillor. Unliko the other cnoiidate., Mr. Evans, we helieve, has no stake in the city. lie claims this ds a point in his favor, as eli holds that having nio Ipernonal elnds to furtlher, tie is i n a better position to serve tile ratepayers purely. Whether the citizens will view this in the sane light, we rannot say, but we should consider the frict a disad vantage, as we hold that the finttdatntttall principle of reprencotative goveniienit, local or rational, is that the conmunity selects one from its iembiers with sliSilar motives, interests, and ldeires to the rest, no that in acting for hlimself Ite will also ie acting for thie welfare of thie cotmuniity. Mr. IlBritten also occupied a senat at thie Counocil tnale for some teo mout ths, nth d pcrll hiiself as well titted for the position and poseaseod of that khowledge of hlis dulties nid responsibilities whlichl is requisite in every cndidalnte for the oflice. tDuring his term he wans ilnstnnental in livening the lthiirs of tilhe city to a con siderable extent; infusinig new ideas into the tnranactiun of thne business, nitd ill severnl instances b1y his practical knowleldge and tact, eltentitg a good] sving to the rate payers. Ie is a ipractinil man, with exten sire interests inl the city, and would fonrm a good representative. MIr. Ienitttfts is ope of our oldest. miost soncessful, nmol lent ce spected citizens. His inflluence is deservedly and ladmittedly great, and his ability and capacity for the position hlie seeaks ndooubte. There are very few- in Fitzroy to whom lie in not personally known, oandt it is almost nced less tol dwell ono hia claims. In our opinion I ho is pretty certrai to be one of the choen. M, r. Grigg is new to public life, nlthougli he ihas for a long time tnaken consaiderable in tereot and a pretty prominect part in elec ntion catpaigns. HIe is also intimately in " teeatetd in the welfam of tihe city, andi is a property;owner in moth the nortlhern and Ssouthern portions. His friendls are numerous, It itd are working harni to snure his return. We, onurselves, ihave not lhad tie opportuoity of observing hilt for loug, and are, therefore, i not in a position to panss any opinion oil his f- itntss as councillor. Thiiing the statement \- of his supporters, he wonhl appenr to he a very promising candidate. a man whose wnnlor may Ie relied o. and who is not tafrid Sof decotiog his tinme and energy fortlhebene tit of his fellow-citizensa . Mir. (lrigg lhas aniya) inllcltial frieondsa eho.will do their best to secure his return. We hisse placed the c indidateolcBfore our readero just no they ta appear to us, ind as they are to address pib- ter lic cieetingos eswill have anll opportnity of in piclclieling.their ices andcl inoteontions, o anl that the rnCelayer can exercisC e their owsli vi judsgment in deciditng who shall represent Ice these. Tiere ore esix in thie field; only three l of theise can seceire a sent, so tlhat three will tie 'ccl have to remain out in the cold. Who these hic are to ibe the figlures oc the election dlay cwill fe tell. .11 Tilt At cmceeting of tihe IlotIacm Town Coun- to. cil, lheld on Mlonldry eening, Cr. Henderslon i was celectedl Mayor for tihe remainder of tihe or mumicipal year. Mr. lBritten addresses a public mceeting at of tihe National Iotel, Brunswic- k-streetc on TI Mondayc-. HIe will plrobably enter pretty tih fully into eluuicipal aftihiro. ihe Ir. Cornell, of Madileline IHouse, Carlton, r" andi RochOester Ilouse, Smith.street, ani- l nounces a great clearing sale of winter stock ti at excerligly lot prices. itis celertise- th iecnt will bie found at thle lhead olf our front 01 Ipage. t Cr. Lyons fonrally nnounceso in our adl- gc certising coluiniis tlhat he is a candidaiite for i re-clection. As far as we call learnt he has cot yet arraegec] for acy public meietiegs, p hut pricocicblyh ice will sihorc-ly place his ciewsa II bcefo hlisa constitsuents. Attention is speciallly caliedto thte alover- ii tisiecent respecting tihe caclnttof "l)anie," of wchichic to ice rccicc-s icy a large cciil ciii- ,fc cilet choir'in the 'I'rerslytcrian Chircec, cc Napier-street, oil the evening of Tccacday cc next, at S o'clock. Mir. NI. \loolti, the is cminent tUtnic-oo-tiist, will conduct. ol At tihe Fitzroy Court oil Monday, the "1 police coagistcete gcrccnted the followicg 'ci f tracsfefa of icoiclicis' s licncia. Sy-diccs3-cc Hotel, Smccitc-otsect, froe W'ccc. Di. (ticoliacr Si to Chiricticc l'aseccr. Ecicprsc of Icdlia ti Hotel, Nicolsoi- street, Northc Fitzar, froc ti Wmii. Stillnccoc to ;gcorge Bliack. o On behalf of thie fiund risei at thie Macn sion house, Locde, for the relief of the Ic persecutel Ilcaioc -.iec, the Melioorce r il" cech of the atcglc-cecich Assoiantiot for n'aedpelr ecil antcooer Sutlic tlhea oIaunt t Xdcctc, ciicckicg a totallof £i,::icG lie, remccitt cid to clote. tl A coert for tle reioioe of mtihe soicipal rllts c upotrsoo l ein M0c y 3 int-le alii tLic- d joining ltchoase FitzrIsoc- HltI Hlima or rrlic the Maly1onr ic-sidedie Seventye-to- er. sonos succk-dt ill etatbistiic tccg ir i laima to se: renrllct ac rcceivesaod therthiot c aemrecomnliccgly icicoc to the c-clli. A TeocRe-o.aly attelniedl eething of M1r . lirittec's solturicen teook ploc acc at tie Lier pool AIctos, rionCoict-streto, l C hMoeayec eve'ing Iast. Apresolutionei as -ashcmoatsr carried pledgiccg tcose ipresetc te ullccotile -I c~ailneii ullciceoi crcyoobrooglBCoosclicoocc-* cfuncecl to seeure hi o detuc. r.- Mittletu f w'asprelset anc d rceivedCte tiuecc ot cctOsII t c ogecoocit fronc thcoas attendicg. t Thrie ier. n. tHey delirns thle tidedo atis oeriesoc lecicrcs oil the o ook e f i.Estcr at the 'ictoriea ulcc-d Cogregcation cal Chuci rei tonecccrreo -eoccinCg. 'lcte bkeijct ias a otiher," and Ccitecill cc dcobt pcrow aiclltr- 1 Sesticg as tics previous oica. Tie roats aire fr.e to pevrecntie an iwe touHi dvrise oi u tr readierm to pa tle rcerncoocd lctourer a ieit. they3will fiinhd ticheccelc-sa ccily rcoccoicci 'I' ere wis acotcer lead police hoeet cit ' ct thoe I or onick Cuert oil \\\ed' ahya-ood ofl course "chite glovea." Y'es, thre pairsesf l tie "regaiotia" flattcrer terghclac otisca Senasy ai at lair, Cecnstal-cre ihrko har l at Spairo, cci Consctale .lcccksccc, iaipair, all a. " s whit"enes sao'; ,uet niot a w- rwlaaonid \- onalit prcseting npt airto His W'ote kin c thei Chonircicici ''icsfis too Iblal too hlad, ier deed! A Rteoisiu o Coulrt nos helf ant lice Coli a ced Court a Tueoeday . r. iloni, elc Stocc registrar for the Soouts (ilosa-iohenit if and Mr. Cole, oleto raln roginttr fir ti-c ,r yy\\__ggrthoroughly e in to l of theri lectoral SThen: were nota-ce ciinoac ef di. rie com. cto links Ooli cflndn oin c iont, gtll e OrcisnTurcn l ciecinc cHc is orhihc Stcor hoft-. aio presetcc icy tel oithie pocr i sicns vdne' lum hey f thei 1eus not even ene ,f palice asae to recice bIefore thic lioccicasric olort. It iaeomide'to that tc fie art of iakingcll aes is not c uatiiated illn thacit icis " cipolity. sHappy Blrotswick. aith all its ctosccl.-ihs of nodori0 ecolou-of 3l'tcccr'c t. cixtocre,ite 'alegio n mte of oneigag ots nillcd y icregister cl slgs, iits a iritrofltedl pcbalic io btlholbtd its naterls pablic fsccntains. e A large acid iflctincitial tieceticlg of rate canyes weras eld iast niglhc at 3lcr. ade's . ltwl c Heacl Hotel, t r. ,;roym il tie clhir, uf c-as roeclole to fotrc a ecuac'httce aed to r torocgly cal n easesa the district ih n li inl tocatet. Auotlcorccoicget Cr. 3l0or''eelcc hio ctteo an cupisiorterc thikes place at the l ocnk'sa H hal it o ccndy e.v at haicaf-poas ceorore,, to eWhicho eceryo e is in'itedl, S Oinlc T'uralc3' ciegills f iociaorhii c tel MayosrctfFitzroy'eo ~aapi cooclcwitha lair wsofewhite gloves. l hen c ic eatlktioe was alel aS ot i tle l co iail or ill trhe police coort, aic ic the olunkica of tile 3lesone evcnicig \- lercldi, the tatc journathacl ae tfee eoros ks:goIilledl 1ila licciccr .lodcge blillicngs soecc r, tlhit3'0ix Ioirs icetfore that Icaienteil genctle to uno rtud ncto ali'l joiied tohe "gnenct to cc jcrit3." hoc' tise tecracd c-cc ninunuottre liens. o A eonsideclab lceciuic ilro our readlc rohill d- veryelikelynot Ile ao of the iori talcl 00u' "ciliteleian iotvetinit arcoingcNlects of the l ost Ollicue, reaticg to the delivr y of teleo - ol gcrain. Aisy thlegrcams c-hic are prepaidl iy ts postage or oticr oticcipa oIn)' lie dropped icnto nar letterbxs i thie olony, ttai every care crill Ib takell for their proclit delioccy. It ..ha only miee ion oerca very horat tihe, buct or ther is nuo ciofht olcatencr ai the awcst-e ucmits bteco te kncawn, i uo t tcant the puile or eoill avail tecmselve'eof- thils I-dy molesii of cliscullinig tlebgiatsi. at cOn \i'ebarohay night eoe-ry cell is the 'sc n , and a nlf-t br o'chl oil 'n'ITiri Ciyonil Ing thre c Isaot esgo tihe ghost of a pri ,l a sorer tolme c itreigut liore the heach 'icie ccs repte cleerjulct of piolicehill just co hc ncitccl toeorite out au erIlc for i -i of site giorves ehoi in sockel d a-weocttll-a euLty-loirin costilabtle fi- oc Nortr Fitzroy u1i woithc a drun5k cccii disorelcrly. Why the te- dlesee didlict thect ceIetacilCe acvise tihe Iciter ;It. tocate to hu bacle at oece, anld like the cele a hiity ct Ilriglhtnc isisortalisoe ky George Fawcett litce; 'look C'otner ciny,' chile tho 1) enfortuccte eras fcllowrincg or ncgleotinig to sue follow tlce tud adcvice. 13y A popolar lecture cill be gioci Iy the cii tlev, .1..1. Malaley ini tics Vietoria 1,-cede sl.I Cocgregtionalc Chourc oil Tlhuscdady een. is ieg, 3tih inst., the subject of whicliscill Is eecro anid Advctenture inc NcipeIs, Vecau vrice, croi I'oopeiiP" The oeioapicocceoill ii aoicocctiiiecc, oolcdr cte oallmcaccec of cc. 31c JIi, C', Wic \'tsoci, for cig)ilplay iccgi~icccii Ice eI c~t cicero, solici l~ els ccolcc I~repcseil' eapt Scllelict souil cc'55p3 tics chair, Tics hobo "~of ectcisiaicc ircisig '00' eac Ilierelte, ,'cccl a hoc-i r-;olcohuiga cciteccteiciiiecit Iicig cortaic, O iiorc cicccic ablaol gecci out ttcccnulcce ad A coochobrof reahideotsf 1'itere'caital Iia,cIocciccpcctatiscc ocdice tlt ice 3llcicdser'af flail cci, eeicyaocclc crochlweSiycccccchg nac eros-ohs ity tralcccfd hy 3tr, Toockec-, 31.LA,, aorl 3cr, htiek~ett, 3dLA,,ecflcsopkisco~ileiticecic~jcet Ii out thant thle iieiiitnticctsoiitcle tics Vilcittlo eat coa lice( Icroolicl righ~t dcc.II te ,t, 31, aSlicicicS a a ceocecc.iccl~l scot trocohelcl dccct Clittocs 11111, 000 After occcsictcr~l~i~· a~ohhe chcecsicci Oi~eo rcttiacs nilprooiocl toeciso'llt a troetigb ef thle esaot oii ecte ciecireol, cccii seithiciroc'·, after e~tiii.'hcccc 00'- cccrocciae thalt it Fovooht recice thae 3iiccio secu tcr'sloeofol eoicicsc~eaciticci ceir Mo F,~ W . 'I'. Ec~aca hcIuc acccthlcgilb atchal coilI toLd Neory~ rotld, Earths Fiteccy5 ccc W\ed ircslay evening last. Their was a large:at- .' tendace, andl the candidate metswith avenry favorable reception. The caindidate entered into a detailed consideration of. thekvrioui . manicipal reqoirements. :mad explained hire vrierws on local rluestions, it considerele .l length. At tie close of kin address, Mr. Evans was subjectedi to a long cross-ques tioning, out of which 6e energad ouoeeSE fIlly. A vote of eonfidence wians accordenld to Ihim, and a large and inflluential commnittee formrre. In a future issue we will report Mr. Eovans at length, so that our readers rmay hIe fully possessed of his views. A prelimrrirror rocetirrg of Fiteroy citizers took ploce at tie iirrsewiek Hotel, Blroan wick-street, oen Monday arning, to initiate errangementr to sencore tie retera of Mr. W. It. ]ierrrrctte. .'fit, to tire City Couoecl of Fitzroy. Cr. IPhipips occupiel tile lchair. Tire grcntest satisfactirrr woe expresred at tire faet tat Mr. IienoettoIradi oaeantel to Hle put in nomination. An executive coma . miittee was appointed, with 'Mr. E. Del bridge, .1.1'., as chainian, ndal I>r. Crookens cic-eihinsrnae. Itnons neimri noely resolvrd throt a foil meetirrg of Mr. llerretla' friends anl supporters e held at thie large roomn of tihe Brunsawick Hotel, IBrunswick- street, on Mondray evening next, tihe 24th irnst., toforn general and local colmnittees, and appoint a place and time for publie meetings, etc. Our assertionr in tihe last issue of the CrrY PorEs, that . It. lennatts, Es. J.I.P., lhad consented to become a candidalte for smunicipal honors is now verifiedl. His in eouneement to that effect many el seen inan otiacr colsrsrrrr atoe a rnotiee rejrtestiig his .friasro osil anpd plte r.u l rocs ro"tl-:U rsin wick Hotel, Iinuriswick-street, on Morrdy evening at 8 o'clock. As Mr. IBennetts rhas been one of our leading citizens for anoaber of t yara. r1 is greatly estenemed and re opeetl ire all ceko keowe kis, thera in ea daoihtiutrtrt tthis maeetings, some ofr which will in all probability take ylae nsext week. will ie very largely attendes . Judging front tie erntrosinatic rnrner in which tihe intiman tion toe keen receiver his return is almost a certainrty. On Tuesday evenaing a public meeting was iheld at tihe IBrunswick Town Hall, tihe Mayor (Mr. Melvcille) in tihe chair. Tihe mrratirg cwas fnr tke porpore of supporting tire estsirliorrenrt of a corrking.soon'e college. A motion was n onvei bry Dr. Talbot that this mreeting heartily symipathllee witlh andl pledge itself to support tihe projected ertne lisiltrcnt ofa ce-orkirri.sarlaoeeoiieee. It ass secordnt Iry Mr. (Inlieg. Trot to tiermeetleg, anl rirrie unanimouslly. A rote of thannks was also passed to lr. Onnond for hisplen dird donation of £1,ri00. Mlesars .aling and Collings cere appointed treasurers, and stated that tihey had already reeived some £14, and hadl promise of a eonsidermbl e -oseeot more. A vote of thanks to the ehiainuana terminated tihe pmrcralings. An entertainment was given at Northcote oer Welrerdnay last iby Lenrie'S Combrination Tronpe. Tin roors- as erawenl, and every thirig passed oil t tkhe ertire satisfaction of those present. Mr. Wallis, for his perfor mnuces onr tihe eoneertina adl bIells, wasn r loudly encored; and Profesisor Lamont, with t his legerdemain feats, kept the audience in a a state of perfect eilderment. ire tlr. Lernnie S derenderl a couple of songs in a style that gave great satisfacetion, whilsthis srimicrysof a nimals and birlds, togetherr with his imper r soenrration of funny people. caused unboundedr merriment.. The entertainmentcwasirosrght to a close withr Professor Lennie's talking t lunlls, " rohny nald Granny," whose jerfor f manecs elicited repeated roars of kaornter. 'l The Rielrmsord United Lolge, I.O.G.T., celehratel their tenth anniversary oir Thurrrs ay last writh a teC-meeting and concert. lira.:. A.Geddes, s.WL..T. presided. The l etrtenirirtment was all that could e i desired, tire sonrgs, &c.;, oingr excellently rendered, cwhile tihe very able manner in which Miss LaRgctoeo presidel ait the piano eroked In e. enal appluree. Mrs. Crispirn and .Mis L rngLtvn rcceieeel n encore for their veryc Spretty duet, "Ns, Sir, No." :i a r. \Winis Sals receirrql loird applause for the style in I whicrh ire enderl Tlhe Mlinute (:tur at 'gnjn ° t irok p i .u0 o. thirraong rjunrle aevrnig. pretty full errorlremwig peso . a rrirrer protests, ulajeetions and claims were deni t with, the sittinsg xtending into the akfternorn. Mlary of tihe obljeetors and aicimanots failed to pat in an appearance and their applicationsr were, therefore, struck a out. As usual, many lhoe could have ap e peare orl the roll will not find their names there, simply throughi their ocrn neglect, and, ofecourae, tike klarte cill bie thrawsn rrponr tire eity oiieera, insrtead of eon thrn ratepayers themselves. IBut ramrple notice was givenr throughi tihe press anid by posters, so that there can be no excuse oil the part of a tihe citizens. 3Cr: Kimrpton sMynll, tihe "gentlemans of e color" who hawksn " Sydney roeks" throrugh t thie streets of Carlton, and whr o lately figured in the Carlton Court as defendant in a case c of wife-ieating, made his appearanee in tihe r sace court on Werodnesey elarged c with a e s inilar olfece. The ceomplainaint, rs. Ann \lyall, did not, as oil tie previous oc cioon, irrrduce a " exhibrit" in tihe shape of a burach of hair, but she deposed that the "gentlerman of color" eat hier with his right Sfoot ioot, and then kept her out in tihe cild scruhring for two lavs." MIr. Leonard, who c appeascri foe tire defernce, salde a eray plrtiretic appeal to tire ]lmeltcr to ke lenieot, llandl Mr. Kiimpto My1all seconded tihe appeal b iry asrerdinirg a rrrrrier of teare inr fas tire ceertiry Irerreriet wept like a eirirl. Tire ac clever speech, and the perhlapsno lees clever 0' tears. softaoesi the hearts of theirh arekips. 3'and Mr. a.yal d wa s c erely onrdrcl to einter Sinto reconiosauees to keep the peace for a c few rrortirs. it it Mr. James Grigg, one of theealndidates for r. rrnicipali honours at tihe eomrisrg conreil in election for Fitzroy, addressed a large andl ,f inlluentioal seeting of ratepayers at tihe Park View Hlotel, North Fitzroy, last eveninsg. Ws. Iing. Esqr.. in thIe chair. After a few re remarkris from thie chainnan tihe eandslidlate t, was introlued, when lie gavoe a full and lengthy view- oer tile leading ssueetions now before tihe rateplrayers, dring whichl ti e srmeeting at several stages indulged in hIearty applause. After a rnumber of questions had abrean put and arsreenrl, Mir. ralishi tihesn a mrowe, "That 31r. mionre liricg is a tit .-rndpc pre pernori to renproerert tke ratepay Serc ia take Couecil," chrkrekw:"Is scoUo mi d bry r` Mr. IRipper, and supportled by MIr. Itonald e- Riobr, .1.t., in which the meetingcwesuonani Anous. A vote of tihanks to tihe chainuan a bIroughrt tihe reetig to a close, after which to a large ad inlurential colnmittee a-is fnred to secure rlr. James 5:rigg'a return. Ano ti trer cournittee rreetirg wrill he held oil le Monday evenring, to corsider tihe further a- steps to ln token. We havo e just received acopyof the special ill report drawn urp by tihe trustees of the rPub of lic Libkry r, Mueuarrs Notisolnl (talesy, ti- for 1882, and irr eriicir is set forth the prness irg rrceseity for irreraserl recornrrnlatiorr fee tie proper airelvir: -rnrrl elscilicetiorr of r roorks, of cekic a t oere are oer 10,K000 avolmueao t prerent inr the Libriuy, with ke rr, 5rlelen~~rm,Oui eollrrrra orrrrsrally rrrrl led-er -rrrderr tire finer yr tire dntrirrrlent ol icr tilre Irerko anrrr the ptrrertionr of theirproper il- clasilietiorn for tLie corrvenience of tire piri n- lie. Additronal noerrnrodation is also re Ir. r1uired irr the Tairhrologicri Mrroeurrr, for tire :et prnerrriaplay of tlrose eaxhibits tisot are ol ed te, as well as for tkrre tkot iill grr rirsollly ire oaried tirereto. Tlrrc Scirel of as Arte nld Pintinkrt e lroseeor ire farnmore epace iL. to oreettkleooniattreliyiera-rsrin-.desoml~ 00 oneeliastoollos~reoorl fcrtllkeeorsir~loirck et olready mraeet threra. Nosmkera of prnomieio' irg otrdernrst rove ireerrefrrserainrr disippointeri ir- hecoese dIr. . F. Foliagsrry Irod rro place trr trot tlrern rr in. Tire rre oosne otirer alters' ire tivrlrtord, oud iteon set fertk cvlueir, i on r-' jrleterl, ronld ke of inrirreose c-aloe *rleerr: V.`· retielnce to the tentletoen in clharge of thle I dilit-rent departments, as well as to the r general public. We feel confident that the reoluiremente therein set fort', will he serioausly considerel, and as quickly as pot sible c nompliil with. A lIaznar i naid of thehinilding fund of the Honepnathic Hospital will he held in the Toiwn Hall, Melbourne, during the weekch eomneteuing ora Teeslay. lith July. ante enntiuuing until Saturday, the 29th. It will be uotler the patronage of thle Marclhionesst of "orteehy. If oenergy Heil percoeee rctoe r t anly criterion, tthtt 'hieploti by the Ilcazar Cottmmittee, assistel I,) their joint rceretariet, lMessrs. A. 11. Pa'dler and W. Crft, ethuld certainly meet witi tihe eer tiet uipponrt of the pblite. Tihe natielas which oill bhe dirplncyl, non tteir rtilte is teionii, have tieaIt prompttlty antd getoteasl3 tionlte tib ttettloate l oftelt.hown lirnts aftol itoditidlucl antdl eeotprtee an atettt enodlt nriety ofttceftl aen onla enttn artiatcles, in cldittntgesom very hlnttlomte oes, anld as they re to ie diiepom at ofat a vert rinet. nble tite eoery. one will lbe aie to oltain fosricht or care or fNlcyor feir irtile frot the rianttity iliepinyil. Ott prTant. after. noele theceremolny of laintg tle foitton tion. otote of tie iltrckanttto ic Hcolpitnl. int itor te site. on the St. Kihda Ilted, will ie pt ftontinci by Hie Mert NS le the Mne1itiu of Nontanbyl ie wil l l prosee t .teiT with a eiloer trowel (hNearing a eoitable lloeriptiort), whicth Itlh o sen tltndev t:hetoellewat tinre of Kilpatrick cd Ce., Ccllins-stret. hfor luhe oani . ,A1e three Ce over 1,000 itni ttiontiseol o thenre is to tdottht I ut r ltat thle iglht will le agrntel aerli impoeitn oC. Arotneementit hate nelt, tceu matte for pltota tjcicttA7 leX ietlti-ceCrettoty & Inying the 1etulantthilsttnc is oer, the lreirtioenes of NSornthy wilt proet to to e lcnrTowun latt andl openo tellatnar. 'tle following are tite Ind- .t allottluleas -No,. i, nleittiurs Chatliehrk, Arcl. .tek, nt .Ipnis. fWeb,. hNo. , Mer aeitunta iitlter, tt. Tlih. uillt. nlanl IiugIer(. No. :t, rmecIhauen (Cloeeiinie u thi Watere. Ne. 4, Lcay hatello aolcud trh. i,toncl Hultton. Nun. I cmil it, Met. (;aorge Teagte antd Mr. Teatnr. Nea. 7 :lul S.taIMr. W. Croft cotl nre. Ii. Dicanset. Th lliael etall till lo tiutdei tile Supervisioa of Mst. .1. w. Ilent. whiltt that of the nrefreccttieut will Ihe tIneket after by Mlre. lKung Mng. As for thle tu iocal nrt of tieo eterttiluetul a umuher of nellfnd favrat,bl nloitotl naetiet thatte ettulSy etttterlltet their tori ; and.oleooee. t'iiicuiicoi (f;atter, and IllS teeve hai e kitoly given tienuliitn for thuir tqwret atlut cy i t thie pMet. The Aruentria Ihutd (tliOt prfenhtee), hare lneo givet their rorvicie, nil ile laynTr has n to nlloe a thlt fre eti n of the orln. Aonce and all hitnve wrhkerl hial to mil he the Ica.te a e cou. atlnua the poier-iteere fern gialueeful, atuol tutuuch-utoooled charity, we cioanestly ho1pe that the jitiii.t will t a,t withihohi their Intreiioegr, tat will oooreeflllly oarr otat toe rh that the BIctar Ginntitittee ande tlheireoesiotctitIhave .o erll and igenertously tY.tlltlltetee. . A gniHt diltticlt. Whlich mtent lareute of eclocailohihlren loave eteieuotootl. ii hi tio tiugirthegw1. ftront Int tiiee oufloi tuue.Aaiw'ai. lug for the feet of thleir u0:apriug. A sped. alit}-' ii lhled-loegovl chool IaCti isebeing tode ito MIr. F. Irneuttor. if 175 leuaus. wiokhetrert. tiwhic ate Idiot euitablie fuirthic inoli rn.eect. They ootuu .tt have htho etitughly ntt.'inel their tiject. ettl nare eint ne ei Ce Citidly as taty tarlic tiomae tpl. [Ash. 