ARRIVAL OF THE SUEZ MAIL We are in receipt of London papers to 2nd June, by the Suez mail steamer juBt arrived. We extract as follows : On May 17 her Majesty held a Council, at which were present Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany ; the Lord Privy Seal, Lord Carling- ford, acting for the Lord President of the Council; the Lord Steward, Earl Sydney; Earl Granville, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ; and the Eight Hon. 8ir' William Vernon Harcourt, Secretary of State for the Home Department. On May 19 the Queen and Princess Bea- trice, accompanied by Princesses Elizabeth and Irene of Hesse, left Windsor Castle for Balmoral. In accordance with a special order, none of the public were admitted to the departure platform, which was protected by small detachments of the Metropolitan and railway police, the route from the Castle along which many of the residents had assem- bled, being kept by the Borough Constabulary, while the Palace Guard was mounted on the hill opposite King Henry VIII.'s gateway. The royal train left Windsor at 7-55, and travelled over the Great Western Eailway to Leamington, which was reached at 1023. and where tea was served during the twenty minutes stay at the station. At 10'43 the route was resumed past Birmingham and Wednesbury to Bushbury, where the Queen arrived at 1T55, the royal journey being con- tinued along the North-western line to Car- lisle, where the train arrived at 5.7 the next morning. Breakfast was served at Perth at half-past nine, fif ty-flve minutes being allowed for the repast, the train reaching Aberdeen at 12.56, and Ballater, the laßt station on the Deeside line, at 2.25 in the afternoon, the royal travellers posting the remainder of the way to Balmoral. On May 12 the Prince of Wales, accom- panied by the Princess of Wales, the Grand Duke of Hesse, and Princess Victoria, the Crown Prince of Denmark, and Prince Frederick William of Hesse, inspected the let Life Guards, under the command of Colonel Keith Fraser, at the Hyde Park Barracks. On May 17, by command of the Queen, a State Ball was given at Buckingham Palace. Their Eoyal Highnesses the Prince and Prin- cess of Wales, the Grand Duke and Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, the Crown Prince of Denmark, Prince Frederick William of Hesse, Prince and Princess Christian of Schleswig Holstein, Princess Louise, Princess Beatrice, the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, the Duke and Duchess of Connaught and Strat hearne, the Duke of Cambridge, His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar and the Countess of Dornburg, their High-. nesses the Maharajah Duleep Sing and the Maharanee, the Count and Countess Gleic- hen, the Countess Feodore Gleichen, and Count Edward Gleichen were present at the ball. On May 19 the Prince of Wales returned to Marlborough house from visiting Lord and Lady Carrington at Wycombe Abbey. On May 20 the Princess of Wales .and Crown Prince of Denmark left Marlborough House on a visit to Prince and Princess Christian at Cumberland Lpdge. Their Boyal Highnesses lunched with Prince and Princess Christian, and returned to London in the afternoon. Previous to this the Prince and Princess and the Crown Prince of Denmark were present at the marriage of Miss Constance Knollys, daughter of General the Eight Hon. Sir Wm. Knollys, with the Eev. A. Knollys, at Lam- beth Palace. On May 22, by command of the Queen, a Levée was held at St. James's Palace by His Eoyal Highness the Prince of Wales on behalf of Her Majesty. Presentations to His Eoyal Highness at this Court are, by the Queen's pleasure, considered as equivalent to presentations to Her Majt-sty. Their Eoyal Highnesses the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, the Crown Prince of Denmark, Prince Frederick William of HesBe, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Christian of Schleswig Holstein wera present. On May 29 their Eoyal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales visited Lei- cester, and opened the Abbey Park, which has been' provided for the recreation of the 130,000 inhabitants of the town. The park, which has been laid out by the corporation at a cost of about £50,000, ia about seventy acres in extent, in addition to which there ia a large area to be laid ' out as a cricket and recreation ground. It is situate on the banks of the river Soar, at the northern end of the town, overlooking the ruins of Lei- cester Abbey, and is but part of an extensive engineering scheme designed by Mr. Hawks ley and Mr. Stephens, the late borough sur- veyors, for the relief of the town and corporation land from flooding. On May 30 the Prince of Wales visited Great Yarmouth, to be present at the in- auguration of some new municipal buildings recently erected in that town. During his stay His Eoyal Highness was the guest of Mr. S. Nightingale. The Prince of Wales will hold the last levée of the season at St. James's Palace on the 17th of June. Their Boval Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales will visit Hastings and St. Leonard's on June 26 to open St. Andrew's Park. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh have gone on a cruise along the eastern coast in the Lively during the Whitsuntide holidays, in order that His Eoyal Highness may make an official inspection of this district. About the middle of June the Duke will start on a six weeks' cruise in command of the Eeserve Squadron. During the greater part of that time the Duchess will stay at Eastwell with her children. Princess Louise left Liverpool on May 25 for Canada in the Allan liner Sarmatian. As was anticipated, the Prince of Wales succeeds the Earl of Wilton BB the Commo- dore of the Eoyal Yacht Squadron, by the acclamation of the members at the annual meeting held at WÍIIÍB'S Booms last week. Immediately after the election the Prince, who was hard by at Marlborough House, went over and was duly installed, and presided, by virtue of his election, over the business of the meeting. The Prince of Wales proposed that His Majesty the King of Sweden and Norway should be elected an honorary mem- ber of the Eoyal Yacht Squadron, and_the proposition being seconded it was carried by acclamation. Some curiosity, if not interest, was excited by the presence at the recent State Ball of Prince William of Hesse, the son of the Landgrave of HeBse. H.S.H. was treated with much cordiality by the Eoyal circle, and there was much interest expressed by those who were looking on as to whether the day was near at hand when this young Prince might be still more closely allied with our Eoyal Family, as various reports tend in that direction. The Empress Eugenie is staying at Ems, at the Elysée, a pretty white villa on the left bank of the Lahn, which was the residence of the Princess Dolgorouki.the last time the late Czar visited Ems. The Empress, who is going through the usual three weeks' course of the waters, is expected to return to Eng- land about May 30, and early in June she will take up her residence at her new place near Farnborough. The Duke of Devonshire, Lord and Lady Edward Cavendish, and Admiral the Hon. Francis and Lady Louisa Egerton have re- cently left Chatsworth for Devonshire House. Lady Frederick, accompanied by Lady Louisa Egerton,-visited the grave in Edensor church- yard a few dayB ago, and arranged the numer- ous wreaths forwarded to Chatsworth in the form of a large cross. The Duke of Devon- shire, Lord and Lady Edward Cavendish, Admiral and Lady Louisa Egerton, and the Hon. Mrs. Coke, of Longford Hall, were present on the occasion. The Queen's Bpecial messenger arrived at Chatsworth one evening laBt week with a magnificent wreath of yellow and white ever- lasting flowers, attached to which was a card bearing the words, " From Queen Victoria." It was accompanied by a letter of condolence from her Majesty addressed to Lady Frederick Cavendish. The Duke of Albany is very unwell, and all the plans that had been made for a yacht- ing cruise and a foreign tour have been abandoned. Lady O'Hagan arrived laBt week at the Under-Secretary's Lodge, Pheonix Park, where she is staying with Miss Burke. Thia unfortunate lady still suffers moBt severely from the terrible shock she sustained on hearing of the murder of her brother. Lady Ellesmere had the misfortune to lose some valuable diamonds at the last Drawing Boom, probably in the crush which always takes place during the earlier stages of the progress to the Throne Boom. The Duke and Duchess of Norfolk have commenced a pilgrimage to Lourdes, to supplicate for the restoration of sight to their only child and heir. Lord Eosebery has purchased Mr. Boehm's statue of Carlyle which is exhibited in the Academy. It will be placed in the hall at Dalmeny. The honours of knighthood are about to be conferred on Mr. DouglaB, the engineer of the Trinity House, in recognition of his ser- vices in connection with the new Eddystone Lighthouse. One of the curiosities, and it may be added without flattery attractions, of the Grosvenor Gallery, is a water colour painting by the Duke of Argyll. Mr. Eichardson, member for Armagh, has been offered a lordship of the Treasury, with the duties of junior whip, but, after due con- sideration, he has not seen his way to accept the appointment. The O'Donoghue, M.P. for Tralee, having effected a settlement of his financial affairs, has now resumed his Parliamentary duties in the House of Commons. Mr. Hervey Foster, son of Sir Cavendish Foster, has had a serious accident in Ireland. In attempting to get a vicious horse over a fence he waB thrown, and his thigh was broken and his spine injured. Arrangements have been made for the reception of Sir Henry Parkes in six of the principal cities of Belgium. These acts of international hospitality are, it appears, in recognition of Sir H. Parkes's kindness to Belgian jurors and exhibitors in New South Wales. Viscount Exmouth, great-grandson of the celebrated Admiral Pellew, G.C.B,, who bombarded Algiers in 1816, and who was created a viscount _for hiß services on that occasion, attains his majority on June 24. Lord Salisbury is to be the gueBt of the Duke of Buccleugh at Dalkeith Palace in the autumn, when he is to lay the foundation Btone of the new house of the Scottish Con- servative Club in Prince's-atreet, Edinburgh, which is to be erected at a cost of £70,000. MÍ8B de Burgh, a cousin of Lady Walsing ham, baa met with a Berious accident in Eotton Bow, and is lying in an unconscious state at Lady Walsingham's residence. It appears that an unmanageable horse bolted with its rider, and running violently against Miss de Burgh's horse, threw her out of the saddle. Her horse fell upon her, inflicting very serious injuries, from which she iß still suffering. Mr. Charles Lucas, the head of the eminent firm of contracting engineers, ie slowly re- covering from his severe attack of illness, but is not yet fit to attend to business, or indeed able to attempt the move to some seaside spot so much recommended by his medical advisers, and is still confined to his home, Warnham Park, in Sussex. The Hon. Oliver Montagu was the victim of a serious, and what might have been a fatal, accident, a few days ago. He was driving in his buggy, when the horse bolted and dashed in between two vehicles. Captain Montagu was thrown out and severely cut about the head and face, while he received other contusions. Sir Pryse Pryse, Bart, of Gogerddau, Aberystwith, has paid the whole of the tithe charge on his large estates in Cardiganshire, in celebration of the coming of age of his eldest daughter. The amount thus given to his tenants is about £1000. The Cardigan estates are 28,681« acres in extent, producing £10,634 per annum. General Lord Mark Kerr is confined to his house by the effects of the accident he met with last week. He was trotting fast on the slippery wood pavement past the Albert Gate when his horse came down with the rider under it. Lord Mark struck the forewheel of the carriage of Mr. Jerningham, M.P., with his left shoulder, and then rolled over. He was much hurt, and will not be able to leave his room for some weeks. Galleotti, the Italian boy nine years of age, who is creating a great impression in the London drawing-rooms by us remarkable^ powers as an improvisatore at the pianoforte,* was at a party a few nights since given by Sir George Wombell to the Prince of Wales. The first subjects, two bars of melody, given by Mr. GroBsmith and Mr. Alfred de Eoths child, were treated with much skill, The Prince then asked Mr. Grossmith to play the ghost melody from " The Corsican Brothers." This with great success Galleotti treated in turn as march, fugue, and waltz. Each succeeding year seems to cloBe another of the gTeat historic mansions to the festivities of the London season. Dudley House, Stafford House, and Grosvenor House have now been closed for several years, and to these has now to be added Devonshire House. The Earl of Fife has also been pre- vented from entertaining this year by bereave- ment, and it is doubtful whether the Duke of Argyll's garden parties will take place this year, owing to the recent illness of the duchess. There will, however, be wedding festivities at Argyll Lodge this year, as the marriage of his Grace's two daughters, the Ladies Mary and Evelyn Campbell, to the Hon. and Eev. Edward Carr Glyn and Mr. Baillie Hamilton will be celebrated shortly. Saul Samuel, Esq., C.M.G., Agent-General in London for New South Wales, and pre- viously member of several administrations in that colony, has been appointed a Knight Commander of the order of St. Michael and St. George. The Princess Louise, when giving her fare- well party last week prior to her departure for Canada, expressed herself desirous of rejoining her husband after so long an ab- sence, and says she is equally pleased to return to Canada, all the on dits to the con- trary notwithstanding. She emphatically says the statements about her repugnance to the colony are the creation of some fertile imagination. One of the prettiest pictures in the Eoyal Academy, in its way, is the portrait of the Princess Marie, eldest daughter of the Duke of Edinburgh. The little lady, now haviug acquired the solemnity which comes of six yean of life, is busily engaged in knitting a stocking, and is as intent upon her task as if the entente cordiale of Great Britain and Euesia depended upon her not dropping a stitch. It has been painted for the Queen by Millais. The Queen is forming a portrait gallery of her grandchildren. A frequent visitor to the House of Com- mons is Prince Teck. He ia there nearly every night now. It is said commonly that he has been appointed Beportor Extraordinary and Special Correspondent to her Majesty, vice Prince Christian, who held that post during the late Parliament, but who got tired when foreign politics passed away from debate. Prince Christian used to come and go in silence, bowing here and there. Prince Teck delights members by his affability and freedom. The former saw more of the pro- gress of debate ; the latter hears most of the gossip. His Eoyal Highness the Prince of Wales is a model chairman, and does not allow himself to be put up for any institution the management of which he is not thoroughly well satisfied with. Having recently had a servant of his in the London Fever Hospital, His Eoyal Highness consented very cheerfully «to preside at a special dinner on behalf of this charity, to be held in June, in Willis's Booms, and he immediately asked if he could see over the establishment, to satisfy himself as to its working. The directors, not caring to take upon themselves the responsibility of conducting the Heir to the Throne through scarlet fevor and typhoid wards, suggested that a substitute might be fou ad in His Eoyal Highnesa's physician, and Sir William Gull accordingly was deputed to visit the hospital, and report to the Prince. The Queen has also been pleased to ap- prove of the appointment of Mr. Justice Bowen to be a Lord Justice in the Court of Appeal in the room of Lord Justice Holker, who resigned his office a few days before his death. Mr. Charles, Q.C., of the Western Circuit, will be the new judge in the place of Mr. Justice Bowen. Mr. W. H. Smith paid, it is said, 2000 guineas for the picture of Lord Beaconsfield after he had undergone much suffering, which, by the Queen's command, was hung unfinished at laBt year's Academy. He has now gone to the artist for a pendant to it a picture of Lord Salisbury, which Mr. Millais is painting to add to what is likely in time to come to prove a celebrated gallery i-f his- torical portraits. Mr. Smith, it ia under- stood, will give £1000 for it. It has now beenarranged thatthe biography of Mr. Darwin is to be written by his eldest son, who for many yeara was his father's coadjutor in his researches, and who is himself a man of eminent attainments. Ample materials exist for a work of the highest in- terest. Sir Joseph Hooker and Professor Huxley will give their aid. There has been an unprecedented rush of emigrants to America this spring; during April close upon 39,000 sailed from Liver- pool, 32,228 being bound for the United States, and 6306 for Canada. There were 16,794 English, 17,768 foreigners (principally Germans), 3792 Irish, and 161 Scotch. Dur- ing the first three months of the year, 34,333 emigrants left the Mersey for America. The Lord Mayor of London has received a letter from the Prime Minister informing him that her Majesty had been pleased to signify her intention of conferring upon him the honour of a baronetcy in connection with the Queen's recent visit to Epping Forest. The Lancaster Club is the name of a new enterprise of this kind. It will be situated in Lancaster House, Savoy. Its members will belong to the legal, scientific, and artistic professions. There is a rumour that the more advanced Liberals who may secede from the Eeform Club are to join together and start a new club, to be built in Northumberland-avenue. The cost of such an undertaking on such a site would be fabulous. Funds for the proposed Eoyal College of Music, about which the Prince of Wales has so much interested himself, flow in from all quarters. The proceeds of the grand vocal and instrumental concert at the Floral Hall on Saturday, the 13th inst., in aid of the college, received through Mr. Ernest Gye, amount to the noble sum of £873. We are told that the movement on foot to place a bust of Burns in Westminster Abbey promises to meet with a large amount of support in the metropolis. It is probable that a meeting of London Scotsmen will shortly be held, and a subscription list opened, in order to assist the efforts of the Glasgow Committee. The bust cannot cost much money, and it seems curious, therefore, that the united efforts of London and Glasgow should be required to raise the trifle. The almost sudden death of the Duke of Grafton will cause a feeling of general regret, not. only in our Eoyal family and the highest circles of the London world, but also lin Northamptonshire, where he was well ti known and universally beloved. The Dukei was shy and retiring in his habits, and most* simple in his tastes. Straightforward and ' honourable in every relation of life, gentle îanndfonrd88Ummg ÍQ ^ h°me' an e*cellen' It having been stated that the Duke of Argyll was going to join the Conservative party next session, his Grace has been com mumcatod with aa to the veracity of the statement. The Duke replies-" I can only say that I adhere to principles which I con- sider to be Liberal, and that I desire to be free from all ties which would hamper me in the assertion of them whether by one Miniater or by another." An unusually large number of families are placed in mourning by the death of the much-lamented Lord Frederick Cavendish. He was nephew of Lady Elizabeth Grey, Lady Taunton, and Lady Fanny Howard, and first cousin of the Duke of Su therland, the Duchess of Leinster, Lord Eonald Gower, Lady Chesham, Mrs. Temple (wife of the Bishop of Exeter), Hon. Mrs. Algernon Egerton, and Mrs. H. E. Brand, being also related by mar- riage to the Duke of Argyll, Lord Blantyre, Earl Granville, Mrs. Gladstone, and Viscount Clifden. Thelondo)i Gazetteatateathatthe Queen has been pleased to'grant unto William Lehman Ashmead Burdett- Coutts-Bartlett-Coutts, of Piccadilly, in the parißh of St. George, Han- over-square, in the county of Middlesex, Esquire, Master of Arts of the University of Oxford, her Eoyal license and authority that he may drop the surname of Coutts after that of Burdett, and that he may bear and use the surname of Bartlett before those of Burdett Coutts, and that he may be called and known by the names of William Lehman Ashmead Bartlett-Burdott- Coutts only, and that he may bear the arms of Coutts quarterly in the first quarter with those of Burdett and Bart- lett ; such arms being first duly exemplified according to the laws of arms, and recorded in the College of Arma. A discussion has taken place in Congre- gation at Oxford on a proposal to increase the dues payable by members of the Uni- versity during their first four years, and the fee payable at Besponeione. Professor Price enumerated the past unromunerative expendi- ture of the University-the Taylorian Galleries, the Parks, which had coat £38,800, the Museum £73,000, the cost of which, except the site, had been provided out of income. Then an observatory counted for £7500, and a new chemical laboratory for the same sum. The restoration of the Bodleian edifice might be put in round numbera ali £20,000, Here was a total of unro- munerative expenditure of £146,000. And then came the new schools, with a site costing £38,000, and a building £103,000. On the otho hand, there was no potfer of reducing expenditure, but rather an obligation to increase it. Meanwhile the loss from agricultural depression was great, and the future uncertain. The expenditure was for the benefit of undergraduates, and it wae proposed to raise their payment from £1 per annum to £2, and to raise the fee for EesponBionB to the same amount IIB that paid for the same examination under the Oxford and Cambridge Joint Board. Canon Liddon objected to the proposal as directly traversing the aim of thn best legislation of late years, for the extension of educational advantages. The Master of Balliol said that what the undergraduates had gained of late years waa not to be measured by £1, or £5, or £10. On a division the proposal waa carried by twenty-five votes to twenty. LONDON MONEY MARKET. June 1. The fortnightly Stock Exchange settlement commenced on May 24, and, business having been more active during the past fortnight, more money was required than was needed at any recent settlement. As, however, there ia an abundant supply available, bankers are notdisposed to raise their terms beyond those charged on the last occasion-viz., 3J- per cent. Bates are, perhaps, a shade firmer. For discounting three months' bills 2-J per cent, is still charged, and for day-to-day loans about 2 In some quarters three months' bills were refused negotiation under 2f per cent., but the usual terms ranged from 2 to 2i-per cent. During the early part of the day there was an idea prevalent that the Bank rate would be reduced, the fact that a largo proportion, about half a million sterl- ing, it is Baid, of the total sum afloat for Europe from New York, is destined for Paris being the grounds alleged for this view. It seems almost certain that a reduction in the Bank rate would produce a gold drain to Paris, unless the Bank of France were to lower its rate alao. The advantage the pub- lic would derive from a reduction to 2£ per cent, would be very small. At present there is no change in the stale of the Money Market, except that the quo- tation for discount is slightly firmer namely, 21 to 2\ per cent. Bills are still very scarce indeed, but there ÍB less disposi- tion to look for easier rates now that the Paris exchange on London is so close to a point at which all the gold which comes to this market is shipped for France. For short loans the rates quoted were li to 2 per cent. For the week ended June 1 the Bank of England has lost a little gold on balance. Business on the Stock Exchange continues inactive except in one or two securities. The Foreign Market especially is quiet and in- clined to be dull owing to the weakness shown for some days past in Paris. The«.' crisiB in Egypt has occurred at an awkward time for French speculators, coming, aB it has just before the commencement of the monthly liquidation. , The Home Eailway has been fairly steady throughout the d-y, out there has not been much business doing except in Brighton Deferred Stock. The fluctuations in this security have been considerable, owing chiefly to repurchases by speculators for the fall. South-Eastern Deferred rose }, and London and North- Western, Midland, and Sheffield Deferred i each. On the other hand, Great Western, Caledonian, and Chatham Ordinary fell J- each. The Foreign Market has again been dull, although thore has been no further fall in Egyptian securities. The latter were sold in considerable quantities for French account, to-day being option-day in Paris, where the Bourse is not, for the moment, strong enough to absorb the amounts offering. There were, however, a good number of buyers here arter the fall of yesterday, and the Unified stock closed at a slight advance. Luciano Bazarri, of Borne, has made a statuette oí the Qqeea of Italy, bom solid gold. _ 