WESLEYAN CIIUIICII ANNIVEtSARY. A sumoIo meooting in conunection with the Weoaloyan OChurch anniversary was hold in the lecturo.hall, Goldsmith.street, on Monday evening last. The attendance approachnd two hundred in number. The R~ev. It. Bellors took tihe chair at eight o'clock, oand on tire platform were also tihe iRov. G. Martin, presi. dent of the New South WalOes and Queensland con ference, tihe aev. G. James (Primitive Methodist), Messrs. W. Davies and W. S. Foxall, and the church choir. Mr. COx presided at the harmonium, and the choir was under the conductorship of Mr. T. Martin. The proceedings commenced with the singing of the 857th hymn, after which the Rov. Mr. James offered prayer, and the choir thenou gave the anthem, Lift Up your Heads (J. L. Hopkhin). The Chairman then said he was very thankful they were permitted to meet to celebrate another anniversary in this city of Goulburn, He believed it was about thirteen months eince the last meeting of this kind. On account of the bazaar and other matters, and also becauseo their worthy president was away in Quuensland and they wished to secure his services, they had found it necessary to postpone the anniversary services for a shbort time. There were certain feasts wlhich were fixed; one would never think of holding Christmas on: any day but the 25th December; but there were others which were moveable, and he thought the trustees had exoercised a considerable amount of wisdom ini making this a moveable feast. He had not been with thern for a whole year, but he was very thankful he had had the pleasure of being one of the ministers in the church for seven months. He could not speak of the work of the whole year, and it was scarcely r?. quired that he should make any lengthened address on the business of the last seven months. Their business this evening was not altogether financial, still if there were any persons who wished to give towards the funds they would be very glad to sus pond their speeches and tlheir anthems to receive donrtionsa. He heard.of one gontloemanu!vho if he had ~iot rushed the treasurer, had at any rate reached him and given a cheque for £10; and the treasurer would be very glad to receive their cheques for £100, £20, £10, or £5. (Applause and laughter.) Apart from this he did not think there would be any very strong appeal for money. They would tell them what they had done, try to show them how thoy had boon able to get into debt, and how far they hlad got out of'debt, and if they would kindly relieve them by liberal donations they would say no more'about the financial part of the business. IBut they had something besides financial matters to consider on this occasion. Their anniversaries were occasions when they ought to give proininence to the spiritual interests of the church, and he trusted the result of this anniversary would be that they would all be determined to go on labouring. They.had done a little work during the year, and they thanlked God for the measure of success He lhad given them. In the increasod congregations, in the interest taken in the church by those who had found the Lord, in the onlargement of the Babbath.school, in the conversion of some of their scholars and some of theIor congregation, they recognisod tihe goodness and the blessings of their Heavenly Father. They felt in these things that thoyhadl not laIboured in vain nor spent their strength in vain. But the question would come home, ihaid they done all trhat was required from thesm ? He felt very tlhanklful to God for thie spirit of prayer wlhich He had given to His people here. He never wisrhed to be in a church where there was little love for prayer, where tile people wore rioh in wealtlh, rich in their gifts, but poor in the spiritof prayer. oHe felt prsraded that their success depended very much upon their feeling of dependonce upon God-that tlhey could do nothing they. wiohed to accomplish without they lhad faith in thie Divino prosonce. He thankedr God they had had the manifestations of His prosonce in their meetings for prayer and for Christian feollow ship, in their congregations, and in their Sabbath sohools, and thus they had realisoed the confirmation of our Saviour's own words, " I am with you always, even nto thre end of thIe world." Ho regretted tlhey lhad not had greater suaeess, hild not laboured in tirhe Mastor's service with moro diligence; and he trusted there would be this determination in thIe breast of every onoe-" I will labour as I have never laboured Sin the past." How long they lhad to labour the Masn tor only know, but the timo is short. Let us labour as those who know not when the Master is coming; and it would be well if when the Mastor shall come we shall be found watching and workinig. (Applause.) He was very glad they had the president with them, and also the 1Ro1. Mr 'Jamoes, who'had manifested a ?ver.V.sonrcpusOniri{,iOa. in aofifRhMtath,?ll 0 iRoev. RI. Dysdin, 'who was away in thle oGhuing cir onit, and regrotted not beiog with them-on this .looshrise.s :, : •, The quartette, Holy is thie Lord Ou' God, was then i given by Misses James and Cox and Meussrs, Furner laud Lat.··;" ' -L -:5 2·~~!" '..`'·'~''`' Mr. W. Davies, treasurer of the tirust, fudhdir;r rnoad thoesubjoinod . 'recartn &\- *o,,2 ?*'A L~Sn"2r"(?:?i.O f" ?g:?' * tes-aiclsn R sad lesisre. ". organitsn antl...... r..........,, ...,, 't 0 0 So ·a. .. . ......... ,.... .... .... 1707 00 B ?alance ..... . ,;.,..?. ,-A.1 .. ...oo r . .. ?? . ,,,-·O L :_.... . .. 11 ;8044.1.11 Hey balanse Iopntmcwor 5th0 1881 ........... 80oo .. t rridrloss. ,,.. .. 18 5 hGas ouishl'g ofdohnt,.'bue:.y....es hs t1si 5 a5, irlnhtli og ngaoroladin i-- ver.;.,.,,..".. 17 8 0 Smuilolpt raeste-irioS a'ai i?o;.;n:.;.;--.. 0..8 ..i h hs Ientsranloon m,.d "., ;o.u ow:.h;. u,, r,,,,,,h v r S oal. .berhpakbpio-e nr no th',,, 0a1' 0 -0. oergclist., Ih.................e..... 5oe 0 5o Sarohltocat's aommlseaslon ,.. ., ,,, o o 0.;o lntersat soi loan earn bank .. ,,. o l 17 14 '5 olrornltbosrd (.....- ,,,,..h,,.,.T.,,,, ? 02 0 Amoarloafforgu ;.,,.....r...?..°;.,,,,,,;! 2 0 0 0' . .!?llory, furnishing, &o;, . · ?,;;.; . .... ; . ;, ' 1578 18 8· av e snao ovr he pens es ,, ,.w,;.,.,o ,;n,,h, s i c l olasno a olabt North Goulbni.;....,'... . 0 0'05 8 t ommsesloiaon soatroeants,.' :.... .. o... io 11 ' roentnla conosaelonsl, e clloctlonsu ....;i.; l 10 .... ........................... ....· £ O t4 .·11 11 -Hr said In two words tlilsbalanoe.shet meanne that our expenditure in onxion wiir thet nows galleries, Ithe furnishing of the new church, the grs- oittisgs, tire orgaunsereon, and in fact everythling connected 'withr the alterations and additios whioch have recently boon made In our inow hurh, havneo actually boen tild off; and now that the gallery ghost is really sootohaed, I hope we may be piardoned for having bon guilty of some inidiscretion in regard to that eolubratod gallery eontraot. I Ihope eo emay at length secure tire pardoa we have co long sought anid boen denied, (Hoar, hear.) The iidebtedness we have now over tire previous twelve months is chielly coaused by the purclase of a pieoo of laid oi r wiech to oreot a school at North Goulburni ; anid if we were to sell that pieceo of land for at is considered its present value, £,00, wee should extiaguish all tire debt of last year, and stand exactly as we did tire previous year. I wish to explain that on account of our having tw he Oobwrs since the last anniversary, the paymonte have been tI eavier than usual; thor hevo beer five quartorly payseints to tire elhcult board, thero las beon extra introet , aom thelo have Ionn dqublo paymiccts on aneoriut ol insurimae mosney, whleh ialpopis to Ire due every Oetehor, What I want to lor I t thiis ita t iarnt tim irustanrcesa of tire trust may be oeonidor-ed to be in a satisfatelory conditio, ; annl tlat having a proptnty vwort tor or tweolve tsounsaidri pondRIo, re just owi £2500 wrhict W0 borrowed upon it, All the eliorts wreioh our friuonds will hbe snrad to matro for thire future wiloul Ire ihroted towards tie liridaetions of that einbt. Our annesal income will not, only moot orsr annrsal eonlcrssr, Iht leave us withi a coneidarslo oer rhe Irp to ire devoted partially towardes providirig for iii ooird mnarrod ministor, or to tire gradial wriing soi of thins diebt Anrid if i the good thnos colin ng we can i rrnlugo to get a loanel without interest frou tn lorra ftund, we shall Ihre nu to pay off tihrr irhlt withrrot slssy nlso. I appoeal to tire liblernlity of tur ifrhirla, I thiriein thelrofore thris llnrorisl santeteurnt itIout lf regrearIdd na a satirlfarotlry elr. (Alllnane.) Nrow in rilgard uto tlr irogress of oer ilhurrhel durinu, tii Ir t twenlver ironthur, youn wills let iresil tilrt riot °rly Ihavs there Ioou spaoecial conrtriburtiouns titer aeroruit of .o17; , and £1170 by tire brzinir, buirt thla flishbatl, colleltiorns have Incroasedi over thoser os tire proviours year Ihy norie fifty per cent. ; thle soavo irnreaseld Io tins large suurn of over .1O1). Nrrt only tire roelliotionse bait ear peO-r-rnirto IiLsVO alsio irorelrsure fresri twrernty to twsrrnty.fivc hpr esI' rt. irsvsr tire h)sOvielsR year-. Tilhis ROshee thraet tire gallery sr-ar ineehlr. T'ht weis have ioured so large aer llhircraso withorusit rrtloin[i thle prices for renito ih a uolrrhuslvo proof that tire ieroplhe dosriredd an md homrrll aslerl hirelrriel d acroorouruodrrtloir, nlnd that tire trusteou ceuoe viry wirin ir providing it. I mrry isey to throso iplr-lolls who illrsy wishi to irttolld that there are someri seats still to lot. If there wrre riot we should have to oorneiher tire pIropriety of buildring a largsr ichurch, bocaurse tire Weoleyan Church liu this city, as well as olsheruro, moans to heep pacs with the rorulromeulte l the peoplo; arld I IopO we sha11ll compaOR all lthut nmay be demanded. (Applause.) I think we wore found a little fault with for being rash in having purchasod a piece of land for £200. We have done nothing with it yet, and somebody has boon hind enough to takel a great part of the fonce away, probably for fire-wood; but we have the ground, and that cannot be carted away; and some day it may be necessary to erect a school there. It will be a long whilo before I should sanction thbo erection of another church, bocnauso I have heard that when one churchll is rwell attended two are not; but it may be nececssary' to erect a schoolroom at North Goullburn. Any one can see that this room is very fast becoming too small. We have received into this tabbllathl-cehlool during tihe year over 200 new cllcholars. There hIlave boeen removals of course; but our numbers at present are 427 scholars and ill officers and teachllers; anlld we have had actually in atteoldance oln 0o Sunday as many as 878. I thllinkl tllse figures wi cll convillno you that thie success inl tlhis depllartmllent Imust be large. I would lillo to say thlat I regard the Sunday school as all integral part of thie lchurchl, and Inot an adjunct; and this ilmportanllt sectionl of the WeslOyan Motlhodist branchl of the chllurch here is, I am Illippy to say, in a state of great proslperity. Thile number of the scholars hIas inlcreased so i rapidly thlat we find a very great difficulty in teaching tlhem as they ought to be tlaughtlt; and I mnay state to our frienlds that we slhalll asll tlheml to put s in funds to re-seat theo entire ball. Tleso seats ewore desiged originally to kIeep people upright inll chllurchll anld probably to prevent them from going to slop; but tley are not adapted for modern Sunday.school teaching. I am convinced they are as inappropriate in design for that purpose as tlhey canl be; and as soon as they can be swept away to some of the now churches where they want leepinllg awalo we should re.seat thie hall aceording to modern ideas. Thlere are many directions in whlichl I canl soee we might improve, and we mean to improve; but theo direction in whichll we wish you to improve is to re-seat thIe hIall. We want also four new class- rooms. These class- rooms have done you good service, and the money spent on them will compare favourably in its results with the money spent in the new church. For the efficient teaching of the scholars, we must have more class- rooms. The trustees will consider to-morrow plans and estimates for new palisading in lieu of the old fence. We want to have new palisading right away from the now church down to the lecture-hall, so as to have things outside in ship-shape fashion. I thinkl those are nearly all the points of expenditure talked about this year. Every one must be struck with our largeoongregations. Much of this must be due to the efficient services of our worthy superin tendent Mr. Sellore and his coadjutor IMr. Dyson. Without any disparagemont of tlheir predecessors, there seems to0be no difficulty on the part of the present iioumbents in securing large congregations. We got a fair share of the fresh people, our old people stick by us, and in this respect we stand owell; and though there may be some seats vaoant,-for there are still some one-horse Wesloyans who only come in the morning and not always thlon, and who mindly leave theoir seats for visitors in the evening, I am satisftied the ministers are pleased to see suhl good atteldances. Our Sabbath-schools are pro grossing, our congregations are good, the choir is prosperone, nld the woeek- night services very fairly attended; our class meetings, as appears from tilhe late meetings, kIeep fairly up; and tlhe improvement society olass is also very flourishing; so tbat take us all round I thiult we are a very respectable sort of people ; ald tlhoughl it is wrong to brag, yet once a year this may be allowed. (Applause anudlaughter.) I do not thinkll tlhalt Methodism is going to die out in Goulllurnll ; but thloughl we lhave such very roseato colours to tinge our annual report with, I assure you there ha beoon a great deal of trouble. We hIave hIlad thinlgs to cause us anxiety and to hinder us ; but our superintondent has pulled us through, and we are Ilero to-nighllt such a fact that thlere won't be anly gettillng rid of us. We havo put our foot down and we nmean to stay; there is room for us and all otlher donomninatios inl Goulblurn, and we shlall not be foullnd fighting witlh ose anotlher. I hold it very kind in Mr. James to put off his tea.meeting, and I hope you will all go. It is nice to hIave tile eiopera tion and sympathy of somo friends of otlheor donomi. nations. Thoro are some dignitarios whom we have not been able to persuade to come on our platform and cSoperato with us; but thie millennium is com. ing, and in time we may, withlout fusion, all shakle Ihanlds togother as followers of Christ. (Applauose.) We do not very muchl trouble about the collection; but I would remind you that it is only by keetping up your ordinary liberality that we can avoid ox • srdqlipgrJo ,cals, .,I. hope, y~ou will k1j ?13 t);g shall get on swimmingly without extra calls. Giving hlonor whore I0onor is due, I may say thlat tIe B?abbath-achool contributed very liberally towards the special contributions and thie bacnar. Tihe unday.esohlool table realised over £80; and thlleir speolal contributions were large, Mr. Sibson's elass Scontributing £5. So that in asking you to do some. thing to re-soat this hall owe are not asking as those who do niothing themselvos; and I hope that as the' Sunday-gsohool is.doing somethillng for thile churebh, tie chllurch will do esomethling for the Sunday-school. .Ilear, hear.) I hlave now much pleasure in present min this balanco-shleot and moving that it be adopted by this mooting. (Applause.) rTh President seconded the motion, whioh was carrtied unannimously. :i:i'The Misses Foxall then rendered tIle duett,-Now Whon thile Dusky BShlades of Night (Millard). b: s The Rv. G. James addressed tihe meooting at con. s'idorablo length and with much effect. He appro. elated the Iind fooeelings expressed towards him'and Stho ohristian donominations of this city. He shared in the congratulation at tile succoss which had erowned their exertions; and whether or not a closer unllion should, as he saometimoes thoughlt, take place betwoon thile Primnitive Methodists and thIe Wcsloyan Mothodists, he did not see whly the little differences existing should interfero withl thleir friendship. He enforced the power of faith and the noeeossity for oultivating a greater reliance uponll it. Tley vwanted more faith in God, more faith in the church. As Methodists tlhey shoullld live in faith and pray in faith, for all things are possible to him that boliovoth. (Applause.) The qlluarttto--0 Lord Most IHoly (Franz Abt) rendored by Mrs. IMartin, Miss Jones, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Malrtluin, next followed. A collection was thon made. Tile Rov. G. Martin, president of tho conference, who was received with1 loud applacuse, next addressed thie meeting. Alluding to a remarlt which had fallen from MIr. James as to a closer unioll, he observed that in England their good friends of the Churlch of England Ild slometilnmoe shllown a desire to swallow thenif altogethlor. He showed by all illustration from natural hIistory his view of this arrangomenlt, whlillh tho Wosloyan Church was not liklely to consent to. Heo went on to say that it gave himl great pleasure to come amongst his friends in Goulburn, and soo so many of tlem hero. Of cours oe oe was arried backl to the period, some two or throo and twenty years ago, whlen ihe laboured amlnongst thlelon , Ho tlhought thely must be a long-sulffering people, for he was sur e fmust hlave boon very raw ald given them some very indigoestilble food. He was glad to see 5o many old faces, and lwas greatly pleased with their olntorprise and industry, and their methods of chlristian workl in this city. He was dure their churcll was a great credit to them; tlheir sohool was a great credit to them ; anld he rejoicod in tlheir success. He was exceeodingly ploesed with the conlgregations on thIe previous (lay, both nmorning and ovoning. His friend thIe ollhairnan told himil tlhey woro accustomed to hIave very good mornling conllgregations; and plsslibly thelly were thie b1ot of tile two. He (Mr. Martin) considered thllat a very good and very hoealtlhy sign. Ilo was very glad to see they managed to Ioop pace withl tile progress of the placo, which was a ver1y imporltant thling to do, alnd he woud I be very glad If thley coulld do it thlrouglout thI colony. Thoro woro two things whlichl, speaking humanly, were greatly needed for tle protgrosa of thle hllureh. Thos woere 1ne01ns and 0 ,n. The chlurchl c0uld lnot be oarried (o without meanls and hs1 was not asllauoed to appear before tlhem or hIofore any chllurcll ill tIhe colony, to show how tlohe clnse of God mus0t be carreri Ilon bIy the liberality of the peophl, TlJ.heir church nastentation ntoolety had done noble work in thin colony ; anld whenl tlheoy saw 1how by its Illeanlls lchurchoe woreo built, parsonagon erected, now circuitl formed, anld when tlhy saw how thIe many prolanliing claimln upon thlleir people were met, thoy couhld nost devoutly thank 1(11d and takes couragoe, a1d thley felt tlhey ouhld trest tlheir 1people to helpl tlhem ill thle legitimnato causeno of God. Th'oy were aware tllhey had just inported a €!eatingent of yetmg En1gllhanl n, W]ho had eomo froeh from thie oll eonlltry 1and w0ere lilkoly to do goord servieo illn conllotion with thleir ollhurlh. Judlllg romn thre Ilnitdl observaltiolln l had had Ill of themn, he woulld julst lay they were a very' fnllo lot of young llnon--t1he sort of moon tllhey wlellnteod hIlere. (Appllauos,.) One of theI lessononms talghlt by tihe reeout war in Egypt, and1 whlh hlo ooul not help thllnklhg weoro of importalco to them in their cllhurch, was the valme of trailOd msnd; anotOher was the noeoshlty for varloty ofarmanclnts, Tlioso points lhe speiker enforced by illulstration, and ho proceeded to ehnlnrg upon the work of tihe church and the meellod in which it should be carried on. It was necossary to take note of the tendencies of the ago and the pro valence of scepticism. There were many things which they could not ignore, and the church would have to recoguise them and adapt her teachings and services to the new wants of the age. There were things that were changeless, as Christ himself and the method of salvation; but there were others, as tbo eurrents of human thought, which were con stantly changing, and if they were wvise they would not ignore these things, but adapt themselves to the wants of tile age and the people. They were bound to adapt their church so that she could live in overy nation and overy people, iand at tilhe sae om time be a distinctively Chlrietian church and loyal to thile heart to the great truths that Christ and Christ's apostles Ilhad given to them. TIley were bound to adapt their teachllings to meeot thile doublts whichl tlhey could not but 00see were rised in so many minds. Tlhen thloere was the great qucestion of how lthely were to meet the wants of thile masses. Thle prelres of wlhat was Iknown as the Balvation Army Ilhad shlown tllhat it was possible to go right down to thile lower strata of society, and not only awaoenl religious sentient but transform human lives (Ipplause), and thils was one of the lessons that tilhe clhurch needed to be taught. The spealker concluded an cllquent and effective address, of which thile above is but an lutlino, by tolling tohe audieunce a iparable in relation to the chlurch's life. That morninlg ilo had tilhe ploasure of seeing a very ihandsonme watchl under very interesting circumstauces, and it came into his mind that a man once called a number of watclInhmakers together, and asked what was necessary to constitute a good watch. He was told tllhat it did not matter whether the face was of porcelain or of silver, it mattered very little whether the case were of silver or of gold, so that it should be full of good works. And just so it was with thie churchl. (Applause.) The choir then gave the anthem, O Woraship the Lord (Thos. Smith). Mr. Davies thou moved " That the besot thlanks of this meeting are due and are presented to thie rev. president for his services yesterday and tonight." Of the rev. goentleman's sermons and of his speech they could judgo'as well as hlie could, so that he need say nothing to eonforce the motion. IHe would take tho opportunity of stating that on Saturday night Brother Christopher Walker waited upon him. Ho was at a loss at first to Inow what his business was, but Mr. Walker eoon enlightened him by pre senting him with a cheque for £10 for the trust fund. He did not wish to say anything about col., lections now, but thought he was justified in men tioning this example. A word to the ,weise was sufficient, Mr. Foxall seconded the resolution,; and it waoe carried by acclamation. The president aol?lowledgcd the compliment. Mr. J. Caldwell moved "That the thanics of thiis congregation be presented to the churh ohbeir" for their services during the past year and foir thiri excelloent musio to-night." Heo observed thatthey could not perhaps properly gauge the services rendered to thia church by the choir, but there 'wasi no doubt their " service of song" was most valuable and they wsore all deeooply indobted to themo Mr. Womboy seconded the motion, wshich owab carried by acclamation. We may note that the various pieces on the pro. gramme wore given with much care and with ex collont effect, and woro heoartily applauded .. i' Mr. T. Martin returned thanks on behalf .of the; choir. -. .: : , : A vote of thanks was passed by acclamation to the chairman, The doxology was sung, nod, the beno. diotion having beoon pronounced, tlis procooedings closed shortly after ton o'clook. :. .. . The proceeds of the colleootions at the serviceso and at the meooting amounted to about £80. 