SPORTING MEMS. RACING FIXTURES. Burrangong Turf Club meeting, March 2 and 3. Tumut Turf Club annual meeting, March 22 and 23. Cootamundra autumn meeting, March 30. Murrumburrah Turf Club, February 22 and 23. Murrumbidgee Turf Club autumn, March 22. Burrowa Turf Club annual, February 9 and 10. Yass Racing Club annual, February 14 and 15. A. J. C. autumn, April 10, 12, 14, and 15. Latest scratchings: Creswick, Pell Mell, and Commotion, for Sydney Cup. Franck, of totalizator notriety, announces his intention to lecture on the instrument, and challenges anybody to prove that it can be manipulated without detection. Rush and Laycock are to meet again. The former is putting down £100 to the latters £50, and the matoh is to come off on the Clarence river on Queen's Birthday. Mr. P. J, M' Alister has sold his well known blood sire Paris, to Mr. E. K. Cox, of Fernhill, for £200. Paris has a splendid pedigree, and should make an admirable addition to the Fernhill stud. An Adelaide telegram states that a dis- cussion took place last week respecting First p. Water and Savanaka. Mr. Pile, owner of Savanaka, offers to run him at 8st. 7lb. for two miles for any amount up to £10,000. The South Australian Jockey Club has issued a programme for its meeting to be held on the 6th, 11th, and 13th of May. The added money amounts to £1960. In the Adelaide Cup the prize is raised from £300 to £500, and the Goodwood Handicap is raised to £250. T. Clifford, of the Illawarra Lake, won the South Coast Champion Scull Race, at the Shoalhaven regatta on the 26th January. Clifford pulled in a boat built by Connolly, of Sydney, and won almost as he liked beating Pollock, M'Lean, and Armstrong (the Shoalhaven cracks) with ease. Barber, the Queensland horse, is a favourite for the Hawkesbury Handicap, and after all the money obtainable in the market at 100's to 4, 5, and 6 had been taken, 100's to 7 were accepted about his chance. Bathurst has also received a fair amount of attention, a considerable amount being booked at 100's to 5 and 6. Nominations for Burrowa J. C. Handicap and Publicans' Purse :— Publicans Purse— If- miles: Playboy, Pardon (late Plebian), Idle Boy, Gazette, Albury, Goquette, Good News, Musjid, Minnie Warren, Deserter. Jockey Club Handicap— 2 miles : Playboy Pardon (late Plebian), Idle Boy, Gazette^ Surplice, Deserter, Coquette, Good News, Musjid, Minnie Warren, Albury. Willie Frank, of Sydney, who lately did r some marvellous long distance walking, and who is only 12£ years old, was lately matched against Murphy, of Melbourne, for £50, in a mile walking match. Murphy is nearly sixteen years of age, and double the weight of Frank. It is scarcely to be wondered at, therefore, that Murphy, who is reputed a ' splendid' walker, won easily, in 7min. 42sec. It has been decided that the opening meeting of the Victorian Trotting Club shall be held at Elsternwick Park on Saturday, 1st April. The programme will include a Maiden Plate of 50 sovs., mile heats, best two in three; V.T.C. Trotting Stallion Race of 100 sovs., with a sweep of 15 sovs. each, mile heats, best two in three; and purse of 100 sovs., free for all, mile heats, best three in five. J . Beach, of the Illawarra Lake, was lately matched against N. M'Donald, of the Clarence river, in light skiffs over th« champion course on the Parramatta river for £40 a side. The race came off on Saturday last, and the Illawarra man won with the greatest ease, doing the distance in 27min. 35secs. against a head wind. Beach is now matched against Solomon, of Sydnev in light skiffs, for £50 a side. A general meeting of the Adelong Jockey ? - ' Club was held at Tattersall's (Commercial Hatel) on Tuesday evening last. Mr. F. fk Cdhen presided, and called upon the hon! sec. to read the financial statement, whioh ? had been duly audited. It showed the annual receipts to be £282/17/, and the expenditure £217/16/4, leaving a surplus in the hands of the club of £75/0/8. It was agreed that a day's racing should take place op. .Tuesday, the 28th March, the cumulative prizes to amoitnt toJj£75. .The cricket seas^of 1881, in England, by reason of the long scores m&de;, 100 runs and more in an innings having been scored by individual batsmen ?upwards of five hundred times. For thirteen years, the 404 (not out) by E. J. 8. Tylecote has been unsurpassed ; but it ha&been; left for W. N. Roe to boat the record, und make his score of 415 (not out) which now stands alone. Thou wo find two scoros of 216 and 190 respectively, made for the Derbyshire Friars, entire innings amounting to 7413, the largest total ever made in. England, and tieing with that put together by the Melbourne club in 1879. A. P. H. I. Association.— A committee meeting in connexion with this Association is to be hold on Thursday (to-morrow) even- ing, at 8 o'clock, at the Albion Hotel, to make arrangements for holding the first annual show. This is good news. Wesleyan. — The Rev. R. East's new appointment is Grafton, and he leaves here at the close of March, next month. A Contemptible Thief.—He was the meanest thief out of Hades that stole the grave-digger's spade the other day from the tool-house in the public cemetery. When we first heard of it, we suspected body snatching ; but the graves remain undis- turbed. Look here ! it would not surprise us if, when that thief is being borne to his last resting place, the stolen spade should stalk ghost-like at his funeral. WALLENDBEEN . — Wallendbeen is possessed now of a recreation reserve — and a generous man at the Treasury who has a warm respect for Wallendbeen. Why not elect trustees for the ground, and apply for a grant to be placed on the estimates for its enclosure and improvement ? Harvest Thanksgiving.— On Sunday morning the Rev. S. B. Holt conducted a harvest thanksgiving service in Christ Church. There was a respectablo attendance at the service; but it was observable that the farmers were represented by the decorat ing sheaves, not by their personal presence, only two or three being at the service. But perhaps they will show their gratitude by taking the incumbent's advice to contribute to a fund for the enclosing and beautifying of the Church grounds; and thus give charm to a part of the township which stands much in need of decoration. First-class Photography.—The display of beautiful photos made at Wood's studio at the Albion corner is a most attractive one, and passers by cannot resist stopping to have a look. Mr. Bowman (the agent) has his gallery and other arrangements complete and tasty and convenient. A first-class picture may be confidently relied upon by his patrons ; and we would again urge those needing portraits not to miss the opportunity of securing them. It is worth while to give encouragement to a respectable and highly qualified artist. Sales.—In Saturday's issue we printed a wrong day in Messrs. A. N. Taylor's adver- tisement of the sale of horses, cattle, and sheep. It is correct to-day, namely, on Thursday, 9th instant (to- morrow). On same day Mr. Strongitharm is to offer 170 mixed sheep. — To-day (Wednesday) Mr. Byrne has an important sale (Mr. Dingwall's effects) at Cullinga, at the school residence, at 2 o'clock. — Next Tuesday is a highly important sale day — town, suburban, and also countiy property (see to-day's and Saturday's issues for full information). A large attendance is expected. Portion 11 of section 45, advertised to-day is opposite Mrs. Hawkins's Clarendon Hotel. Professor Jacobs announces a per- formance here for this (Wednesday) evening. As to his entertainments the Temora Star says :—Professor Jacobs gave the first of his entertainments on Monday evening last, and may justly claim the credit of having achieved a thorough success, if success may be measured by the frequent applause that rewarded his efforts to amuse the audience. The performance comprised in the first por- tion some very clever tricks of ledgerdemain which had the merit of being new to the spectators, with a few songs rendered by the Professor at intervals to vary the entertain- ment, which gives Mr. Jacobs an opportunity to exhibit an extrodinary and rare gift of falsetto voice. At the close Professor Jacobs delighted his hearers by a display of his power of throwing his voice in all directions and to all distances, and all present were agreed that no ventriloquist of equal preten- sions had ever come before a Temora audience. Mr. Jacobs in the course of his second entertainment introduced an entire change of his programme, and amongst other clever deceptions introduced the decapitation trick." Grain. — Messrs. Mort and Co. report : — At the sales last week a further advance in twice took place, and best lines of wheat may Sow be quoted at from 5/5 to 5/6½ per bushel. Oats are worth from 2/10 to 3/- per bushel. Flour : The market is firm, and more disposition to operate is shewn on the part of buyers. Arrivals from the Southern Colonies continue large and check any tendency to higher prices for our own pro- duction N. S. Wales flour is selling from £11/10/- to £12/10/, supply limited ; South Australian £11/5/- to £12/10/; and Victorian £11 to £11/15/- per ton. Wool.— Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin report, Sydney, 6th February 1882:— At our sale to-day we brought forward a catalogue of 1502 bales. The bulk offered comprised medium and low qualities, as is usual towards the close of the season. We found biddings for the better descriptions fully up to last week, but for other sorts there was rather easier feeling, and these did not sell so freely as at late quotations. Prices ranged as follows ;—Fleece, 13½d. to 17½d. ; greasy, 7½d. to 10½d.; scoured fleece, 17½d. to 19½d. ; scoured locks and pieces, 11½d. to 16¼d. Impounded at Wombat, from Back Creek, by order of Jeremiah Pearson :—Dark brown horse, branded J over . over T near shoulder, like triangle over J off shoulder, on hind fetlock white, few white hairs on forehead, collar-marked, scar on off thigh, pulled tail aged. To be sold on the 16th February. 