HOW THE GHOST OP HAMLET'S FATHER SHOULD BE DRESSED. To THE EDITOR OF '' PUNCH." SIB,—A very animated controversy has been going on recently concerning the clothing that was probably worn by the "Majesty of buried Denmark" on his return to earth. Now, as an old playgoer, I may, perhaps, be able to throw some light on this vexed question, which I have studied long and deeply. And first as to the question concerning the general dress of ordinary ghosts. I have seen a few in my time, and I find that their usual habit is a white sheet or nightgown, thrown carelessly around. I never discovered that they wore any underclothing, or ornament of any kind, to relieve the " harmony in white." I have heard it stated that-some ghosts have carried chains, which clanked as they walked, but these have been mostly story-book ghosts, which generally hung about castles and baronial halls. If Hughenden were haunted by a ghost, I have no doubt it would carry chainB, and clank them. But the every day ghost comes without making the slightest noise, and so departs. If all ghosts carrfod chains, we should know when they were coming by the noise, and be prepared with a stick, or the poker, to knock them on the head. I think there is great room for improvement in the dress of ghosts, and if ever I go into the ' 'shade" business myself, I shall suit my dress to the weather and the business on hand. In summer time, with a hot north wind, I should stick to the conventional sheet, with a lump of ice on my head. In winter I should increase my clothing by the addition of three or four blankets and a counterpane, besides tying my skull up in a woollen comforter. So much for ghosts in general. Now for this ghost in particular. Samlet, senior, I believe to have been a thoroughly sensible gentleman, doing nothing eccentric except sleeping in his orchard every afternoon (no doubt after a big dinner), regardless of the spiders, and caterpillars, and earwigs. The first time he appeared to Marcellus and Bernardo it was a bitter cold night—foggy, no doubt, and generally unpleasant. Now, having his best suit of armour at hand, I feel sure the old gentleman would exclaim, when preparing to go out, " the very thing!" and put it on accordingly. With two or three glasses of hot spirits he would soon be as -warm as a toast, and, inside hiB shell, would keep warm till cockcrow. He was not allowed out after that time. On his first appearance to hiB son I am strongly of opinion, being a prudent ghost, that he would have brought an overcoat and umbrella. It must be remembered that he had to have a lengthy talk with Hamlet, and he did not know how long it might last. If it came on to rain suddenly he would get wet, or have to cut the interview short. The overcoat I feel quite certain about. He did not know how long he might have to argue the thing out with his son, and he would not care about standing for four or five hours shivering in the cold, which he would feel all the more, as most of his ordinary time between meals was spent in " sulphurous and tormenting flames," "till the foul crimes done in his days of nature were burnt and purged away." On his third and laBt appearance to the Qusen and Hamlet, in the closet scene, I am strongly of the opinion that he just appeared in the ordinary white sheet. He had but to stay a few moments, just to stir up his son "to whet his almost blunted purpose." Naturally he would not take the trouble to put on his armour for so short a visit. He would spring out of bed and just seize the top sheet, bolt down to the earth, pop in on the mother and son, and be off again and into bed before you could say Jack Robinson. To my mind it is quite clear that his positively last appearance on earth was in simple white, without chains. For the text distinctly shows that nothing was heard, as the following extract shows : QUEEN.—To whom do you speak thus. HAMLET.—Do you see nothing there? QUEEN.—Nothing at all, yet all that is I see. HAMLET.—Nor did you nothing hear ? QUEEN.—No nothing but ourselves. You will observe by this conversation that he could not have worn his armour, for that makes a clanking noise resembling chainB somewhat, and he could have had no boots on, not even a pair of "Easywakin's," because the Queen heard nothing at all. He must have been just in his bare feet, or perhaps he had a pair of socks on— only that and nothing more. Besides " he steals away out at the portal," and a man incomplete armour from top to toe couldn't do that if he tried ever so hard. Some commentators maintain that he wore his robes because his son describes him in " his habit as he lived." But this is a manifest absurdity. Any one who has enjoyed the friendship of kings knows very well that they do not go about in robes, anymore than they sit on a throne or wear a crown. " My father in his habit as he lived " clearly points to his way ; for habit read " custom." For instance, suppose Queen Gertrude had woke up in the night and deolared to him that she heard a man in the house, or that there was someone stealing the fowls. What would her husband have done? Why umped out of bed, seized the first thing handy, Bheet or counterpane (never stopped to put on his trousers or boots), and slid down the passage as quickly as possible to catch the burglar or hen-roost rob> Der, as the case might have been, in the act. That's what Hamlet would have done, I feel sure. Perhaps some abler pens than mine .will deal with this important question, bearing as it does so vitally on a proper and accord representation of the greatest work of the immortal bard.—Yours AN OLD PLAYGOER. ' 