PUBLISHED EVEBY WEDNESDAY AJTD SATUBDAY MOBNING. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1882. NEW NEWSPAPER PILL. THE second reading of a bill designed or tfce one hand to protect newspaper publishers and writers from frivolous actions for libel, and on the other to protect the public from the illegitimate use of their powers by new papers was moved in the Assembly last Tuesday by the Attorney ^General, The provisions ^! the bill are very simple, and as lucidly explained by the Attorney-General, admirably adapted to effect, without need less interference, the end desired. Some times newspapers are punished for publish ing correct reports, but the new Act pro vides "that any report of a public meeting shall be privileged if that meeting were lawfully convened and.open to the public, and the report was fair and accurate." A reasonable condition iB attached to this. It is enjoined that the newspaper shall, if de sired, publish " an explanation from the person to whom any misconduct had been imputed at a meeting." Ths newspaper is to oe further, protected by making it neces sary that litigants should first obtain the sanction of the Attorney-General to bring an action against it. He will < decide whether or not there is ground for a case; and may thus save both parties needless expense and annoyance by putting his veto on frivolous complaints. When a case is allowed to go to trial the magistrates before whom the preliminary examination takes place are to be allowed a discretionary power as" to whether they'will deal with it or send it on to the Supreme Court. If the "libel" com plained of is found to be of a trivial nature they may dispose of it by inflicting a fine not exceeding £50 ; or, if they think there is no probability of a conviction, they can dismiss it. Thus far the Act protects newspapers and-those connected with them. The . public are protected by making it compulsory that the proprietors of all news papers shall register their names in the office of the Registrar of Companies. The sugges tion had been put forward that the Act should make jt compulsory that every person who contributed anything to a newspaper should attaoh his name to it. But this the Government did not see their way to support. If enacted it would be largely evaded and would serve no good purpose if it could be enforced. In the case of ordinary press con-, tributions the Editor would assume the responsibility of them. As pointed out by the Attorney-General, another effect of such a law would be to bring about a tendency to judge letters by the position and standing of .the writers instead of by their merits. In discussing public questions it does not matter a" straw 'who the man is or what his position provided'he. does not interfere with private character. " But when the newspapers left Eiiblic men, and thought proper to descend rom the, general to the particular, and to .make statements reflecting on the character of individuals, he thought in certain cases the ' names of the writers should be furnished to the individual reflected oil." To a proviso providing that ill-natured and malicious' writers should , be exposed there can.be no objection. As justly urged by the Attorney-General-' -The person wronged. Would prefer to punish the writer of the article, and not to^inflict vicarious punish ment upon the publisher, and it might be that ;on the trial, the publisher would_be successful, oh the "ground. '.that 'he acted "on his public duty, while the writer was pun ished on the ground that an improper motive actuated him." And to this extent the Government were disposed to agree to the .suggestion of, those who desired to know who wrote what appeared in the. newspapers. " The proprietors should under certain cirr cumstancea be bound to supply 'to - the 'person wrongai:;the namej of r the , per son who had written the passage, whether itE wals' in* a * ieader/ letter, advertisement, local, or any other publication. " The Gov ernment intended toi submit this view to the House.. They, proposed that "in a . case where a .Judge of the Supreme Court or , a, Special, Magistrate, were satisfied , on the face of an article' that it was of such a char ' acter that the' name of the writer should be given to the person referred to, the proprietor should be bound under a heavy'penalty 'to furnish the name when Ordered by the Court ~to do so. .) He/thought in this they wete only givingthepublic a right to which they were en ,titled;" -'ri:' .» .The i Bill is likely to find acceptance from the House. Some few members < evidently smart froni the effects of newspaper criticism, and would be pleased to curtail the range of newspaper' writers,1 but' this feeling is not general. 1 Our public men like to be patted on the back, but if they sometimes get a knock down blow they are' generous enough ,to forget and forgive' so long as it is fairly given. We hope this manly feeling will always predominate in South Australia. We do not think our public men have any great reason,to speak evil of the Press. South Australian politics have been singularly free from heat, and from incentives to in dulge in personal abuse. Its public men have rarely met anything but fair criticism, and they; have more to thank the Press for thjurto grumble about. We may hope that thingo will go on in the same pleasant sort of way, and that principles and not persons.will excite-, the . feelings of public , writers and speakers,. * .. ; ' ? . -. _ : THE RAILWAY AGITATION.-Millicent having decided to have nothing to do with Mount Gam bier in the agitation for railway extension in the South-East there will be a "pull devil, pull baker" sort of struggle, the outcome of which, we fear, will not give satisfaction to any of the combatants. In all probability the Government will decline to come further south than Narra coorte till we have settled our local differences, and that, apparently, it will now be bard to do. -The present split is to be regretted, because, as we . have. already urged, there need be little or no .dashing of interests; and there would really'be a better chance of carrying the whole programme than of carrying a portion of it with divided counsels. MOUNT GAMBIER FOOTBALL CLUB.-At a meeting of the Committee of the Mount Gambier Football Club on Saturday evening it was agreed to play the return match with the Millicent Club at Millicent on Wednesday, August 16. It was : resolved, if found advisable, to engage a special train for the occasion, but should the tickets sold for it be insufficient to pay the cost, £21, the players will go down in traps. A Committee.was appointed to carry out arrangements for the special train. ' New SCHOOL FOR MILLICENT.-The Board of. Advice for the Mount Muirhead District re cently forwarded a memorial from the residents praying that a new and more commodipus school should be erected at Millicent. The following reply has been received through the Hon. L. Glyde and Mr. Arthur Hardy, M.P. " Office of Minister of Education. Gentlemen,-In reply to the memorial presented by you from the re sidents of Millicent praying for the erection-of a new. school,'; I am directed by the Hon. the Minister of Education to inform you that an amount for anew school will be. placed on the next; loan estimates.-I have, &c.;, ALFRED Hj:bt£, Secretary." Shipping CrVsp4LTfES.-At the meeting of the Marine Board on Tuesday, July 2f, a rpport was received of the stranding of the steamer Ferret, about fifteen miles to the north of King ston, on July 20. She came off within six hours without, sustaining damage, except the loss of ah anchor. The only reason Captain Dowell could give fop the vpssel'g bgipg out of her course waB that she had a quantity of iron on depk, which must have affected her compasses, The Port Caroline Harbor-master examined them' while the vessel wa's alongside the pier, which bore N. 58 W. As the vessel's head was inshore, the stern, according to the compass on the bridge, bprg weot by north, and the compass aft gave it west.; Preliminary enquiry to be held on Mon day, July' 31, at 10 a.m. The Harbor-master of Beachport reported the grounding of the barque Oaklands, drawing eighteen feet. The Board thought that vessels drawing more than fourteen or .fifteen feet ought not to go to that jetty. ?Wjtl} fpgjjrd to enquiries rendered imperative by the new Act jn gmall cases, the Board deputed Captain Inglis to maize t{je|$. DR. GRUNDY in the Melbourne Herald says : -" Latterly the Australian actors, finding very little to do in the big towns,. are cultivating the gqod gfaceg of the small ones, with results which are, Tbeljpye, b.QtJi pleaeapt and profitable. The country crimps are Iflyish of praise, $nd the coun try audiences pay good enough tp keep the ghost walking. Bnt there are inconveniences to be encountered, such as bad roads and bush hotels. Last Sunday for instance a tragedy queen and all her court found themselves stuck up in the rain, midway between Belfast and Portland, the horses attached to the yepicla which held them proving unequal' to the fask of ponyeying tlie weight of genius behind thepi. Literally they could not "draw," in theatrical parlance. The tragedy queen, who had never before, she said, tried her power at " a break down" had to sit in an open carriage under the weeping skies with her ladies, | while the men marched on stoutly to Portland for fresh cattle, and after a long detention res cued thepi frqm their dilemma." TgE NEXT Woop S-^ES.-Tfjp third series of colonial wool auctions will tie commenced in London, on the 22nd August. . The arriyalg to July 27, including the quantity held over frofp. the last sales, amount to 320,000 bales. The fourth series of auctions will commence on the SJLst November nest. LopAfc Copgr.-Next Monday being the birthday of the Pifke pt Edinburgh and a public holiday, it has been gri$nged postpone the sitting of the Mount Gambier &oc;?l Co^rt till Monday, 14th inst. THE PLOUGHING MATCH. - On Saturday afternoon a meeting of the Agricultural Commit tee of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held to make farther arrangements for the coming ploughing match- There jyere present Messrs. James Cock (Chairman), Sim, Collins, J. MacArthur, G. Coutts, W, Hay, and J, Duell. Mr. Clark, a member of the Pastoral Committee, was also present. Mr. Collins asked if it was intended to give all the money collected as prizes for the ploughing match. The Chairman said it was, and more, as £50 was voted for the first day's ploughing and tbey had not collected enough for it. Mr. Collins would like to know what they would do, in that case, for their shows, etc. Many persons included in the subscriptions they gave to the ploughing match collectors their subscription to tne sooiety for the year. The Chairman and Mr Sim thought that if it were got foe the ploughing match they would not get some subscriptions at all. The Chairman drew attention to the fact, that the special prizes decided upon for the best team of horses had not been included in the advertised prize list. The Secretary said he had received no instructions to include them. It was resolved "thatTlst' "prize"* of £2 and 2nd of should be ipeludepU in the prize list. ? The ;? matter '.of. lading! out the ground was considered. It had been ploughed before, ' andyt^ere^were^de'ep* marks of the old furrows in it."'. It was agreed to strike out in the old furrows, that being thought the best that could be done. Lists were handed in showing that £23 6s. had been .col lected for the second day's matches, exolusive of a cup, the value of which was not known,j from Messrs. J. Colton and Co. It was resolved that there should be two matches on the second day, one for singles and one for doubles, and that the prizes for each should be equal. A lot of dis cussion took place as to the amount that should be awarded in prizes. Some members insisted on devoting the whole of the money collected and the entry fees to prizes,- and let the society pay the expenses out of the supplement. Others thought the money collected and the probable supplement should be spent in prizes, and let the entrances go to pay expenses. Messrs. Clark and Collins pointed out that neither pro posal would be fair to the society. !The i supplement they did not know, and it v was scarcely probable the entrances'-would pay the expenses. The first day's matches would result in a loss, and it would; be .injudicious to risk a loss on the second day ,also, especially , as it had been got up without the consent of the society. Mr. J. MacArthur then proposed that the second day's match be held independent; of the society. Mr. Clark seconded. ; It was pointed out to the proposer that that would place them in a no better position, as if the;second I day had no' connection with the: society the I prizes would not be supplemented and they would have to pay their expenses besides. After further conversation this proposal was abandoned rand it was agreed, Messrs. Collins and Clark I alone dissenting, that the whole of the money I collected for the second day's matches should be I awarded in prizes. It was further resolved Sthat I, the entrance feeB for those competitors who were I not otherwise subscribers should be 361 Is. j-that I the first prize in each match should he £10 j-the second £3 ; and that the third maiTshould save I his entrance money. The Chairman contended I that the second prizes should be £4 each, and he would just as soon use the second day's matches apart from the society altogether, just to show I those members who .opposed ploughing matches that they couldk hold such matches independent of them. ; ; Itr waBisaid that probably the amount jcollected for-the second day would yet amount to I £30. The meeting then: closed. ! -J FALSE PRETENCES.-The case against William Clark,'for having on June 11, 1881, obtained from Messrs. Holtje k Rischbieth, goods to the value of-. £2 13s. 9d. by false pretences, failed on Saturday. - The accused had. been working for Mr.. T. R, .Walters,-.at- the: stone-crusher, Mount Schanck, and'had beeOj in the habit'of getting goods for himself aud ordering them'to be put down against his employer, by whom they were paid. On Julie* 11 ne ordered goods to the amount stated, ? and--Mr. Holtje said he would put'thenr down to Walters in the ordinary rway.' Clark made no objection,- but it after I wards; transpired that he was not in Mr. Walters* employ at the time. The case was dismissed, I because accused, when he got the articles, did not request Mr. Holtje to put the goods down to [Walters and did not say he''was in' Walters' service, and that consequently there was'no false pretence. ; ., ? i . POBT MACDonnell BREAKWATER. - The I Committee met on the 28th ult. > Present-All the members. Minutes read, ;-Telegram received from Hon. L. Glyde intimating that Mr. Hawker had given notice in the House of Assembly for I returns re jetties and customs. Donation recei I ved from District Counoil and Mr. J, Schinckel. I Mr. E. Griffiths received the thanks of the Com mittee for his successful canvass at Mount Gam 1 bier. Resolved-That the BreakwaterJDommittee I endorse the action of Mount GamMerIn memori I alizing the Government for aline of railway from Mount Gambier to Narracoorte, and engage to support the same. The Secretary to forward I copy of resolution to the Mayor-of Mount Gam I bier.' . . ; ? ' . SALE AT THE EXPERIMENTAL FARM.-On Friday last Mr. G. E. C. Stevens, of Messrs., Botting & Co ., Government Auctioneers, held an ' auction sale of surplus stock'and effects at the Experimental Farm," Millicent. The sale was highly successful. The pick of the horses was' reserved, but for everything ^offered except the sheep, high prices ruled. Hie sheep were in low I condition and. lambing which made bidders! J rather shy of investing. They were knocked: I down to Mr. Stuckey at 6s. 9d. per head. I " TATIABA" asks-1 Do almond trees require, I pruning P" As a rule almond trees ara left to take care of themselves, but - if, any ""value is: attached to them some- amount of care should be given to them. When young the knife should he I used to secure a good head ; wben full grown an: occasional thinning is all that is required. I THE Government propose a grant of £200 to Mr. Patrick Ryan, who some months ago lost I his leg through an accident on the Mount Gam-; bier and Millicent Railway;; ? THE Penola having gone into dock for her. yearly overhaul there will be.no steamer from, I or to Melbourne this week. n The Coorong, which left Adelaide yesterday,^will return from Port MacDonnell, arrangements] being made for landing passengers by her at Glenelg so as to tie .in time for Saturday's races on the Adelaide course. ' ; ? ' ; / PROFESSOR. CUSTANCE has '-courteously ac ceded to a request made to him on behalf of I the Mount Gambier Agricultural Society, and ; will give a lecture this afternoon in the Town I Hall. The notice has been short,'-but we never theless hope to see a good attendance.; .. . Mr!. WENDT's ' MUSICAL" REPOSITORY.-On Monday afternoon, by invitation/our represen- , tative had a look over, the musical repository of Mr. J. M. Wendt, Commercial:street. Mr. I Lienau, the manager, has just unpacked a number of Smith-American, organs of the newest designs. The styles are varied- and elegant,; and I the prices have been so reduced that an organ I that two or three years ago cost £40,' -may now' I bp secured -for about £2J. The Smith organs^ I are the favourite instruments-of--that class, ? I and it is said nearly 100,000 of . them have been made since the establishment5 'of the business at Boston, in February, 1852.! There are also on view in the rooms pianofortes of various makers; and one tri-cord instrument by Bachmann and Sons, of Berlin, containing a number of valuable improvements,'is-deserving I of particular inspection, Th«j strings are over I strung, and the felt is rivetted on the hammers, a great desideratum in a moist climate like that of Mount Gambier. The strength and tone of each note can be altered very materially by a I simple mechanism. /Besides; these instruments there are in the repository organs -by Peloubet, Pelton, & Co., and pianofortes by Schwechten, Berlin ; Brinsmead, London ; etc. VITAL STATISTICS.-During the. month of July 24 births (16 males and 8 females)"and 15 deaths (11 males and 4 femal.es) were registered, in the District of Grey.; Excess' of births over 1 dfidtbs 9« ~ . GOVERNMENT LANP SALE.-At the sale of I Crown Lands held in Adelaide on July 20, the following blocks were disposed of: Hundred of Jessie, County of Robe. > Sec. Acres. Purchaser. Price 232 9 W. Smith and Co £18 4 O 344 lli H. Scott 23 5 9, 345 11A H. Scott 23 5 9 1 352 (T W: Smith find Co. ,. .. 18 4 6 353 0 Wi Smith find Co. .. .. 18,4 6 I 354 9 . Sv. Smith and.Co- «. 18 4 ,6 JULY RAINFALL.-July was one of the wettest months we have passed through for. several years. It rained on twenty-days, and. the total fall, as registered at the Telegraph Office, was 6*138 inches, making the rainfall .for; the fjrst (jevep mont}is of the year 16 052 inches. I The heaviest fall yas on the 25th, when 1*240 inches were registered. In July, 1881, 3'086. I inches of rain fell, and the fall to July 31 wasi I 16*972 inches. The wettest mouth of 1SSJ was June, when 4*680 incheB of Tain fell. WE observe by Gazette notice that John Duck has been elected Councillor for the South Glen burnie Ward of Gambier East. It is generally ' understood here that Mr. J. Duell was. elected for ttat 'fjri. The printers in the' Government office Haye, T?e fe$r, been taking liberties with his name. CHARITABLE MOVEMENTS.-We understand it is intended to give an amateur concert here next week in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr. W. Young, mail- driver, who died on Friday, evening. They have been left in very poor circumtances. At the inquest on Saturday afternoon the jurors unanimously adopted a sug gestion of the foreman (Mr. Bolte) and handed over their fees, amounting to £3, for the aid of the deceased's family. The same evening Messrs. Ehret and Thurston collected from visitors to the Mount Gambier Hotel over £30 for the same object. We are informed that one of the offertories at the Church of the Holy Cross on Sunday next will be devoted to the some object. Yesterday Messrs. Ehret and MacLachlan canvassed a part of the town for subscriptions, and succeeded in collecting an additional sum of about £30. The idea is to raise a sufficient sum to purchase a cottage for the widow in Penola. Philhabhonio SOCIETY. -An advertisement in our business columns convenes a meeting of the Mount Gambier Philharmonic Society (or Monday eveniug, August 7, for the purpore of resuming the practices, if thought desirable. SALE OF LAND.-On Saturday next, at 2 o'clock p.m , Messrs Bolte and Ehret will offer for sale by auction Section 14, Hundred of of Blanche, and Sections 1180 and 1207, Hun dred of Gambier. The land belongs to the estate of the late C. J. Sutton, and is to be offered tinder instructions "from the executors. Section" 14, which contains 80 acres, will be divided into blocks of 10 acres each, and considering their proximity to Mount Gambier, such conveniently Sized blocks should command good prices. The 'other sections, which contain 80 acres each, will he offered undivided. -The whole of the land is good, and it will doubtless be eagerly sought after. IK the notice of Mr. MacArthur'a fine show of meat, which appeared in Saturday's issue, our printers rather spoiled one sentence. It should have read-"Mr. Ehret proposed the health of Mrs. MacArthur and family, and Mr. Bolte Mr. MacArthur'a employes." . RAILWAY MEETING AT PENOLA.-A public meeting is to be held in Penola this evening to form a Committee to carry out the resolutions adopted at the meeting held there on Monday, 24th ult., with regard to railway communication. THE Mount Gambier Bailway Committee will meet to-day at 11 o'clock. MEMORIALS in favor of connecting Mount Gambier with the overland railway at Narra coorte, and in favour of giving the Corporation power to borrow, sufficient money to light the town, are now being signed here. JUNE RAINFALL.-The following table shows the retail'for June, 1882, ? and the means for same month of 'all stations in' the ' South-East having at least seven years' records \- 1882. Mean Locality. .-.NOiDays. Rainfall^Amount. >Yrs. Kingston .. .. 11 2*005 4*190 7 Robe .. .. 21 3-030 3*753 21 Beachport-v. -v. ^ 17.- 3:360-? -, . - Emu Flat H.'S. V. 9 . 1*845 « - : ?- '; - Cannawigara .. - 1*690 - - Greenhill .. :12 .' .' 1*470 ' - ? i- - Border Town ..10 . 1*539 - - Narracoorte - 18' . 2*580- 3*102 14 Lucindale .. .. 6 - 2*470 - - ; Sari Lorenzo ..-.17/ 1*962; ; rrri ; Penola .. ...;i5 . 2*315" 3!642 ;21 Yalluui ' 17 1' 2*070 - i. J Millicent 17 2*960 - - Millicent Farm' .. -12 . 3*135 ;.! ,;j j - Vr/ H i - .MountGambier, ... 21.. . . .2*907,, . 3:698, ,,.-.21 No return was received from Cape Northumber land.. MR. GOYDER paid a flying visit to the drain* age works at Jacky White's Swamp'and; Reedy Creek in the latter part of last week,! and passed through Mount Gambier on his return to Ade: laide on Saturday morning. The Narracoorte Herald says " Gn. Tuesday, the 26th inst., the Surveyor-General passed through here en route for Reedy Creek drainage works. Before leaving he examined the proposed drain to con nect Joyce with Jacky White's drain. After having done so he decided to alter the course of the drain, and arranged to construct it along the Townsend and Lucindale road, abutting on the railway." - In consequence of Mr. Goyder's de cision a meeting was held at Lucindale and ar rangements made to ask the Albert District Road Board at their next meeting to alter their proposed drain that it may be constructed along the Joyce main road to the north corner of Miles' section. 