T11K CHURCH OF KN'GLAXD BAZAAK. Thk bazaar in aid of Uie Church of England Building Fund opened on Monday last in liaydon's large Assembly Room. The spacious hall had been tastefully decorated by the committee of ladies who had token tho matter in hand, ami who deserve to be congratulated, on the plrafiing effect produced with the limited appliances at hand in ;t place like Temoia where nature has denied us tho chief decorative clement— flowers. It is an invidions task to single out individual members of the Committee in a notice of tins lunn, muc we venture 10 say without icar of wounding the susceptibilities of the other members of the Committee, that the indefa tigable exertions of Mcsdaincs tjray and Appleton, and of Hisses De Boos, Martin, Higj;ins, Victor ami Fleoknoe were mainly instrumental in producing the elegant ami tasteful scene that greeted the visitor to the baz.uir on bis entrance. There were four stills, presided, over respectively by Mrs. Gray and Miss De Boos, Mrs. 'Robertson, Mi&s; Klccliiioe and Miss Farley, Mrs. Apple ton ninl -Miss Victor, and the Misses Box ball ami Miss Walker, where tempting wares of varied description were invitingly dis played. There was a post ofliec in charge of MissC. Sample and Miss S. Langford, where strange to say all enquirers found epistles addressed to them witii the peculiar feature in each that they were unfranked. Ami finally there was a refreshment utall, where Mrs. \Ic(-rugor liberally dispensed palatable dainties-^for u consideration. Moving in and out there was a gay throng of visitors with a good sprinkling of fair damsels trying to dispose of, aud usually succeeding in finding ready customers for, their*w;ircs. Tho whole offered a most animated appear ance, ami the financial result, we uniler sfaind, is highly satisfactory to the ladies who have taken all this trouble to bring the matter to a successful issue. The first night's takings amounted to over £70, and the Com mittee fuels sanguine that their cherished object — the payment of the debt on the new church — will be attained before the bazaar closes. We learn that a fresh consignment of useful nrticles are expected to arrive shortly which will still further add to the attraction of the novel fair, and it affords us great pleasure to be ablo to record that the members of the Town Baud are giving their services gratuitously every evening. Owing to a very gratifying pressure upon our advertising columns we arc reluctantly compelled to hold over a great amount of interesting local news, &c.; The following applications under the 28th section of the Mining Act, to mine uiulcr roads, have been received by the Minister for Mines : D. O'Douoghoe, portion of the Cootainuuiha road, south of Owen lteilly and party, 200 feet ; M. May, portion of Cootamunira road, adjacent to Murray and party Vspare, 00 feet ; object in each case j To mine for gold. Wjj would direct the attention of our readers to an advertisement appearing in this issue caling a public meeting for Friday next at Ward's Victoria Theatre for the purposes of receiving ? the report of the out going Progress Committee, aud of consider ing tlie eleutiou of a new Progress Committee to watch over the interests of the residents of the golilfield during the ensuing year. Mil. Or. T. D'ALfronu, whosome time since visitecl this goldlield, and entered into an agreement with the holders of the Prince of Wales, the Flag of AU Nations and the War noek claims to form a company at Adelaide for the working of the property, returned to Temora on Friday last for the purpose of paying the purchase money and to obfcaiu the transfers. TUc trausactioti is more at large referred to iu our mining report. Ik order to facilitate the practice required to make them efficient as liremeu, the mem bers of the Fire Brigade have decided to choose a piece of ground outside the town fur exercising the various evolutions so as not to he hammered in their movements by tbe crowds which usually attend on practice nights in the streets. Their choice has fallen upon a piece of level ground to tbe west of Mt. Hickey's residence ; and it tells well for tbe kspbit dk corn's pervading the members that a number of young fellows belonging to the Brigade devoted some por tion oi their holidays to tiie erection of a stage for ladder exercise &c.; {Iapt. Matthews, -who mav iustlv be tevroeA the pioneer --f legitimate quartz mining industry on Temora, aud to whose energetic efforts the present advance ment of the goldfield is mainly due, took his leave yesterday for a space of time which he proposes to devote to a visit to England. A large number of friends attended a complimentary banquet given in his honour at Deitz's hotel on the previous day, a full report of which appears in another place, and all those whose avocations allowed them to be present at his departure by Cobb's coach, heartily wished him Good Speed with ringing cheers. In order to get over the difficulty of personal attendance at the Licensing Court at Young this day fortnight, which implies a considerable waste of time and money and which under tbe provisions of the Act is entirely uncalled for, we would suggest that tbe applicants for licenses club together for a fund to fee one of our local members of the legal profession to represent the whole of them ou the occasion. As already stated in . a former issue, Mr. Brennan, the Licensing Inspector for this district, thinks itdesirable for some representative of the applicant to be present, if for do other purpose than to receive any directions that the Court may give as to alterations in the premises ; and it will be clear to the parties chiefly interested that by combining together in the manner suggested that they ar*-. likely to obtain the desired end nta much smaller cost than if each one of them were to act singly in employing a rcprjesentatirc. A hbcest ca1-l-.'grain aanomices tiie tleath at San Heino, a wintcriug maritime village on the Mediterranean, of tlie Right Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D., Ix-rd Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of the Anglican Church in New South Wales. It is now some considerable time since the contractors threw up the job of farming lios kius-street, and although every alloivanCL' for time must lie made wherever new speci fications have to be drawn up for this kind of work, we yet cannot help thinking that, unless the work is proceeded with at once, the residents will have very little oppor tunity to enjoy any benefit from it ljeforo next Christina*. The winter — when a 61111 road is most required— is rapidly approach ing, and tenders .ire not even called for the work. We hardly think the delay is Mr. Muiray's fault, as he usually is one of the most pushing officials we know ; but we arc rather inclined to thiuk it is due to the 'Government blight,' which makes itself felt whenever Temora interests are dealt with by the Government Departments. \Vv. need not tell our readers that the pastime dearest to the heart of the inhabi tant of the 'Black County' in England is to thrash and ' boot ' his wife at pleasure ; but brutal ill usage of the weaker— if better — half is a custom apparently not purely confined to Staffordshire. Vicious propen sities transplanted from one locality to the other, or from one nation to the other, usually giow ranker, as a tree would in fresh soil; and in equal ratio the Colonial brute is more shamelessly bmtal than the Knglisli one, ns last Saturday, evening's exhibition iu front of Cashnian's hotel goes far to prove. Tho English brute at any rate retires to his hovel, and performs the gratifying operation of beating his wife into a mummy in the bosom of his family, so to speak ; the Colonial brute vaunts and shows oil' liis brutality in the open air, and possibly feels proud of his achievement. On'thc occa sion referred to .1 poor woman was cruelly ill-treated iu the open street, and in the presence of a largo crowd. In the back woods of Queensland we saw a man inoro than half lynched for doing less to a black gin than this man did to his lawful wife. Possibly it was tbe old prejudice about in teifering between man and wife that re strained the onlookers from interfering in conjugal quarrels; but surely nothing of tins kind would influence one of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, whose dutv it is to see that Her Majesty's peace is kept, and to visit any offenders with coiuUc;!i punishment. Yet, in this case, one of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace came and v. itnessed the occurrence ; saw Her Majesty's peace broken in the battered ami bleeding, pleading face of the wretched victim, lint though possessing the power of ordering tho perpetrator of the brutal assault into custody, be did not think fit to exercise it ; and but for Mr. Caslnnau, the man who committed the brutal assault would have left the field unpunished. It is superfluous to add that, as kooh as the valiant hero of a hundred fights— with bis wife— found a man before him, lie caved— like n man. There is nothing perplexing in that, as it is entirely iu keeping with the habits and cus toms of wifebeaters ; but it is beu ihlerin' that the miners of Teinora should allow the stigma to rest upon them that this man sets himself up as one of the leaders, or rather the mouthpiece, of public opinion. Di' rkstk, as the Frenchman says, wo have not quite made up our mind whether it is strange, or whether it is iu keeping with something else, that the perpetrator of this dastardly act escaped the punishnioiit meted out by law to offenders of this class. What was that tale nbout Franckonstciu nnd the ghost ? 