A GENTLE SABBATARIAN. He does'nt read his newspaper on Sunday. What a truly pious man the hon. member for Ripon and Hampden must be ! He has given many instances of Ilia righteousness in his time. Once he wished the parsons to be hounded over the mountains of damna tion by tlip do»s of hell. That was a good sentiment for a religious gejif- leinan who taboos his newspaper on the Sabbath day. On Wednesday evening, in his plaoe in Parliament, he expressed the opinion that Jilie Anglican Bishop cf MvI,bp\U'ne should be condemned to everlasting torments lOT guiding his Cathedral in o»9 of the worst positions in Melbourne-for the simple pur pose that worshippers should arrive by train. In his view it was no blasphemy to picture such a scene in Heaven as that of a Hobaon Bay engine-driver expostulating with the Almighty for allowing the Bishop to enter, and ordoring his immediate removal " to Hell,. or to any other place." Mr. Lougmore's familiarity with matters relating to a future state leads him into saying things which are apparently, if not intentionally, blasphemous. " He had not stopped Sunday trains when in office," ho said in reply to an hon. member, but his fault would not help the present Minister of Railways at the last tribunal. Of course, therefore, Mr. Long more expects to be arraigned alongside of Mr. Bent. But that would not seem to affect him to the same degree as loss of office; for he added, " moreover, it was just possibl.3 thflt the Minister would find a vote on the question (tho running of Sunday trains) in the House might rolegate him to private life." Ia that then to be accounted a more terrible thing than conviction and condemnation at the last judgment." .Quo would think that after that there would be no nce4 a " moreover." But Mr. Longmore has strange jiptiofia at times, and he is neither afraid nor ashamed t<3 give them utterance. He is quite entitled to his own opinion on the subject of using tho railways on Sundays, but in the expression of them it might fairly bo domanded of him, as one staniing in a high plAPO, in which his conduct may bo regarded as an exemplar by the ignorant and the youthful, that he should use language at least as decent and temperate as those who do not profess to be so strictly religious as himself. His display of yarmth on Wednesday was occasioned by a question e.t?ked the Minister of Rail ways with respect in til*3 running of more suburban trains. And why aliojild those suburbs to which Hues have been formed bo denied the privi lege enjoyed by others 1 Really the ultra Sabbatarians show great inconsis tency, and if they allow irreverent and blasphemous talk to be made use of in sup port ,q( their .cause, they may depend upon it they are piji.tijw it in' a fair way o: being lost. An advocate Ijke $£r. Longmore must, do it more liiU'm titan an opnoue^t, not withstanding that tho hon, member is a man of great sanctity, and so rigid an observer of the Sibbath that ho resents indignantly tho supposition that ho reads his newspaper on that day, except, may we be allowed to sug gest, during tfje h.eat of an election, perad venture, for llipon and Hampdei;. A Supplement is published with this morn ing's issue. Cableckams.—Latest messages from Egypt »".ra generally of the same nature as. those puV 'Jish'cc'dyriiig the last few days. The Khedive and His Ministry are still at Alexandria, and Sir Garnet ty'dlscley a.jjd the main body of the English army at CuirQ.. ' Jn the latter town arrests of Arabi'a colleagues cunj-iliufl to he made, and all will be tried by Courtriijaiti^l. The report that the garrison at Damietta had )j,utim;d and slain the ollieers in command was u'ufdiiu«<.<f- '-hey iUe still holding out with the assistance of ttie -iih Egyptian regiment from Aboukir. Arabi ivai fof a lo}!g time colonel or bey of this Vegimt-nt,' hence tlie'altacLi^ent 6f soj.'jjers to his cause. ! No-attack Oli'Bgirii Vtta has yet hiCi) made by tile British, butontiis imminent. The susaii «]wfe:ess of Ghemileh ou jllje northern coast, 'where a gav-'isosi jrill holds put Jjas })aaa shelled' by a ' guii-boat, "but "vyict* what result we <j(/ yqt at present' 'Icrioiy. " Ke .vs»'4iug general tye\vs the pz?r lias" arrived'in Sloscow, a?)4 hap been eiHtyusuistipally receive^, but (v report hw bisn w?' visited the ancient capital of Muscovy for the purpose of being formally crowned, but to be pre sent at the opening of an exhibition. A plot for the massacre of Christians by tho Albanian League has been discovered by the Turkish authorities and the conspiracy frustrated. Total Destruction' of the Sydney Garden Palace.—Early yesterday morning we re ceived a telegram from. Sydney stating the great building erected two years ago for the New South Wales International Exhibition, and since then called. the Garden Palace, had been totally destroyed by fire. Later and fuller particulars are published elsewhere. The calamity is a terrible one, the monetary loss alone being estimated at 1 uilJ a million. Tho disaster is beyond measure the most apalling that has ever happened in the colonies. Much of the damage cannot be made good, for the records of no less than eight Government depart ments, art and scientific collectionson an extensive scale, and miscellaneous documents and property almost incalculable have been destroyed. Neither the building nor its contents were in sured, or rather in only one case was there any insurance, and that on a collection of paintings, valued at £0,000, to the amount of £3,000. The origin of tho fire is not known, and it is variously ascribed to loafers sleeping about the ■ building, which is situated in a public park, to maniacal incendiarism and an explosion of gas. Tho dome of the building, a structure 100 feet in diameter, burst early during the fire, and large burning fragments were thrown off with terrific force to a distance of two miles. Tiie Northern Province Election.—Not withstanding the retirement of Mr. J. H. Abbott it has been determined that there ■ shall not be a walk over for the Northern Province. A number of our leading citizens met last even ing for the purpose of considering the desira bility of getting a Sandhurst resident to contest the province, aud it was unanimously resolved to present a requisition to Mr. D. C. Sterry, asking him as a representative man to come for ward for the province,and the gentlemen present guaranteed to do all they can to secure his return. Air. Sterry is one of our most popular public men, and should he allow himself to be nomi nated, which there is every reason to believe he will, his election is a moral certainty, for the vote of the whole of the Bendigo mining dis trict would be almost unaniinqusly given to him, whilst his long connection both personally and through the Bendigo Agricultural Society, with the agricultural and pastoral interest, should secure him a very large majority of that vote. Sandhurst, Eaglehawlc, Kangaroo Flat, Maroug, Huntly, and Haywood should be able to return any candidate they choose, and with all these districts Mr. Sterry has been identiflod for over a quarter of a oentury. Lato last evening it was stated that he had consented to his being nominated, but pending the presentation of the petition above mentioned, wo would not like to state that the report was authoritative. Mr. W. I. Winter, of Colbinabbin, was present yesterday at the Eclvnea Show, and was gene rally well received. During last week Mr. Winter canvassed the Waranga district, and re ceived many promises of support. Ho will arrive in Sandhurst by the. first train from Echuca this morning, and will meet his friends at the View Point Hotel at S o'clock this evening. It was also stated last evening that Mr. Thomas Spcncer, the well-known Hour mill proprietor, of .Rochester, had signified his inten tion of coining forward for the Northern Pro vince. He will likewise arrive in Sandhurst to-day, and will be happy to meet any of his friends. At Echuca yesterday the withdrawal of Mr. J. H. Abbott, whose return had been considered a certainty, was the subject of general comment. The British Arms in Egypt.—At the City Council meeting yesterday a resolution was carried in favor of a torchlight procession by the fire brigades and bands of the city as a demon stration at the success of the British arms ill Egypt. The procession will take place on Mon day evening at 7 o'clock. The mayor and town clerk were appointed to draw up a short con gratulatory telegram to Her Majesty, A sub committee was also appointed io'make whatever arrangements may be necessary ii> connection with the demonstration, " Advertisements ap pear elsewhere, oalling upon the members of the Rifles and Cavalry Corps with bands, the cap tains and secretaries, and members of the seve ral fire brigades with bands, and the citizens generally, to turn out on Monday evening to join in tho demonstration. Mistaken Identity.—On Thursday a certain municipal dignitary was nearly the victim of an impudent attempt by a loafer to raise a few shillings. The gentleman referred to was con versing with a friend at the Beehive, when a respectably-attired individual came up and said, "I say. Blank, lend me a shilling." Mr. Blank had not a shilling, but handed him a two shilling piece. One of his friends remonstrated, ; telling him that the man to whom he had lent l)is nioney was a most notorious loafer, and, would immediately spend it in beer. Sir. Blank' '! was surprised, and asked if that was not Mr. -, the genial landlord of one of our loiul , iug hotels. Receiving an answer in the negative he determined, although the amount was small, not to be victimised. The cuteness which is the j characteristic of those who gain tlieir living under the Verandah came to his aid, and fol lowing the borrower lie said, " Excuse me, sir, but I think it was a half-crown I gave you." "Oh no," said the other, producing the coin. Mr. BlariU it up to look at it. and placed | it ii} his pocket, ancl with a pourtoous' Thank ! you " waited away, I Pests,—The Boort correspondent of tho Argus writes:—"Notwithstanding the efforts put forth I by the Qpyernment and the shire councils to suppress the raut!" ::nisauce' t)l?se pests _are again very numerous." "Which are the pests— tlie eflciiits put forth, or the Government and the shire councils ? It' may be iufprj'ed that the term applies to the efforts, as the correspondent states " that they have increased greatly of late in the more settled parts of this and the neigh boring districts." According to the rules of grammar, in which tho correspondent is evidently well grounded, it would scarcely be correct to say "tho rabbit nuisanco is pests." i The same writer informs tho .-1 rgiis that "the caterpillar tribe, so destructive to tho young crops in other parts of the colony, has made its appearance in this district. There is, however, little danger to be apprehended, as they ( 1 the j caterpillar plague') "u're nut numerous." Froiq this plague, " so destructive to the young crops ; in other districts," the correspondent anticipates I no danger; and he says the weather is really indicative of spring, and tho near approach of summer. Indicative of the near approach of summer while spring is indicated ! A Serious Assault.—It was reported in Sandhurst yeaterday that a serious assau.lt had been committed at California Gully. Two men it appears had been drinking at an hotel on Thursday night and did not leave the place until late on Friday morning. The two men had to go in the same direction to reach their homes, and it is stated that they had a qnarrol on the road, When one of the men readied hi3 home ho rushed lusido and returned with a large rolling-pin. With this ho struck tho sueorid man over tho head, inflicting a dangerous wound. Blood flowed freely, and some persons hearing the cries immediately hastened to Eaglchawk for Dr. Tliom and the police When the doctor arrived the wounded man was in a bad ^tatc frrii;i t'te effects of drink and the woitud qrj tlje Ijeai}, after bqin<j treated by tho doGtor il0 §9 J4V r?po^?re4 as tQ bg tqken home. The Echuca Show was brought to a olqso yesterday, and was tho best and most largely attended yet held ill the district. Sandhurst was well represented; amongst, the visitors a number of our prominent nitiwns being present. Messrs. Gilles and Fraser and Dr. Qulgk, Ms.L.A., arrived during the day and partook of luncheon ill a largo booth, after which tho usual speeches were made. Mr. \Y. I. Winter one of the candidates for the Northern Province, was amongst the visitors, and in his canvass amongst the electors, met with many promises of support. The committee carried out the arrangements mqst satisfactorily, and' honorable mention must also Ue made qf TSJ.r. l)ayiij Christie, the secre tary, A full report appears elgeHdiero. City FliiR Bhkuhk.—On Wednesday, the -1th of next month tho City Brigade will ^ cele? brate their eleventh anniversary in tho Town Hall, Intensive arrangements have beeu made in conjunction with thn No, 1 Brigade for the decoration of the Town flail, iJast avonlng the anniversary committee met, and the tender of Mr. Mllb'J!" for catering was acceptod. Tho celebration this y'eav bid: f"-U' to rival any of • its predecessors. Replies have been received froity most of the city councillors tuid members of Parliament, and captains of metropolitan and other brigades' accepting invitations. The tickets avo selling rapidly. Tiie Citv Solicitor,—A disoussjtQit on ?h° city solicitor's account of costs in connection with the late Bath Corner Bill was initiated at the finance committee meeting of the council yesterday afternoon by Cr. Clark, who moved the appointment of a committee to go through the account and report upon it. Several of the councillors present contended that the account was not formally before thp committee, and in fact was not intended for tho committee that day, as it was dated 2Sth September, It had not been formally presented to them by the town clerk. Crs. Sterry and Haye3 contended that Cr. Clark was out of order, and Cr. Sterry wished to know if Cr. Clark had picked up the account in the street. Cr. Clark said that" ho • l)«l picked up the account in ths Btreot, Cr, Bailcsi moved that the account be laid beforo tho council by the town clerk, but it iraj held by other councillors at the table that the mayor had adiri^od the account was before them by aiWinu ii, (JUcoEPion. Cr. Clark's motion was -eventually 'aeMipV<i<l> *>;<» account was referred to a committee consisting ol rUe mayor and Crs. Clarky Josephs Sterry and Bavnc. '£1 ;<f fajfcl nf the'-accOunfis ioba 9s. flfd.',' SjUt tii6"suin:'6f HSV has ilr.eady been paid. The comrmttie' $ill* prcs'eiit i<§ report qn the eubject at|!jo npxt meeting pi tho cptincij, O'Farrell in Prison".—A rumor gained cur rency yesterday, oil which tlio tie. a'd based a sensational report, that O'Farrell, convicted of wounding Archbishop Goold, had made an at tempt to commit suicide oil Thursday ; but on enquiry our Melbourne correspondent ascer tained that the prisoner, apparently in mu, and in the presence of several other prisoners, drew a blunt knife over his throat, without inflicting any injury. He is now at Pentridge, where ho will have to undergo his two years' sentence. Our special Melbourne correspondent corro borates the foregoing statements. Tiie new Staircase at the Theatre.—Our Melbourne correspondent writing yesterday says :—1' The secretary of the Central Board of Health informs nie that no reply has yet been received from the local board at Sandhurst to a communication which lie forwarded to that body 011 the 24th August last requesting to be informed as to whether all the requirements necessary for the safety of the public visiting the Princess' Theatre had been carried out in a satisfactory manner. Ail application for the license has been forwarded to the Chief Secretary in the meantime, but it is not probable that the request will be complied with before the receipt of the report of the local board." It will be observed by reference to the report of yesterday's council meeting that the Board of Health will pay a visit of inspection to the theatre on Monday morning at 11 o'clock. Escape of "Water.—The large number of water plugs from which water was escaping was noticed by many people on Thursday afternoon. It appears that the department was engaged in repairing several of the valves, and the mains were being emptied for that purpose. The Swan- Hill Railway League.—The meeting of this league, which was to have taken place yesterday at 2 o'clock, was not held, be cause there was not during the past week any opportunity of proposing the restoration of the line in the Railway Bill now before Parliament. There will, however, most probably be a meet ing next Friday, as by that time the resolution to re-insert the line will have been proposed, and the question decided. From all that we can gather we think that by a combined effort made by certain hon. members in the House there will be every chance of the line being re inserted in the Bill, l>ut it will be necessary for every one friondly to the line to be present, and do all tliey possibly oan in favour of it. Golden^square Fire Brigade.—A special meeting of the brigade was held at the depot last evening, ex-Captain Hogan in the chair, for the purpose of electing a-lieutenant in the place of IS. T. A. Davis, who has left the district. Tliaro were four nominations for the position. On a ballot being taken, A. O'Neill was duly elected. After some routine business the meet ing closed. Friendly Societies' Dispensary. — The monthly meeting of the board of management of the Bendigo United Friendly Societies' Dispen sary and Medical Iastitute took place last even ing, when Mr. R. G. Johnson was voted to the chair, and twelve delegates were present, re presenting the variouB societies connected there with. Accounts to the amount of £51 were passed for the Medical Institute, and £09 for the dispensary. The executive committee re ported that in accordance with instructions the indentures of one of the apprentices (Thomas Gardiner) had been transferred, and that they had appointed, from a number of applicants, A. R. Downes, on probation. Since his appoint ment Mr. Downes had passed the necessary pre liminary examination of tho Pharmaceutical Society, and he would be indentured at the ter mination of his period of probation. They also reported as to various improvements effected during the month. The report was received and adopted. The notice of motion from the representative of St. Andrew's Society lapsed in consequence of his absence. Arrangements were made for a further supply of the best drugs and other routine business having been trans acted tho meeting closed. The Court Be.vdioo Axoient Qrd^r of Foresters held a summoned meeting on Thurs day, 31st September, at Hemnting's View Point Hotel. After the usual routine business apper taining to the siok members had been disposed of, Brother Frankland Coates read the auditors' report and balance-sheet, and congratulated the court on an increase in the funds of £5S during the past quarter, and urged the officers of the court to maintain strict ecouomy in the manage ment of the funds. The total funds belonging to Court Bendigo, exclusive of goods, etc., amount to £1,970 8s. Gd., a large amount of which is invested at good interest on mortgage, etc. The trustees are sanguine of raising the credit balance to £2,000 during the present quarter. The election of delegates to the October district meeting resulted in favor of Bro. T. Pattinson, P.D.C.R., and Bro. J. Anderson, P.C.R., after a very exciting com petition, which speaks well for tho iijterest members take in court ^usjin&s.; Dr. H. L. Atkinson was elected senior court surgeon, the junior- surgeons being Drs. Baumgartner and Penfold. Lotters were received from the Bendigo Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, requesting donations, wnich will be dealt with on a future occasion. The sick pay during the quarter amounted to £71 -is. Sd. Accounts for the quarter were passed for payment. A new member was initiated by the C.R. (Bro. J. D. Cobum), assisted by Bro. J.> Anderson, P.C.R. Three new members were proposed by Brothers W. H. Thompson and F. Coates. The secretary repovtfid the vviflowt of cwh taken 'during the eveiVii'tg to lie £80 15s, 3d., and the court closed. A, Speotral Vision,—About two o'clock on Tliursday morning, five young ladies, who had been to a privato party, were returning home along Viow-street, followed at a short distance by their parents. When near the Survey Office were C9H?i(l?nvbly alarmed to notice a fi.Tm-c clad in white emelge from the Camp Reserve by tho small gate, and stand up in front of them, As might naturally bo expected, tljey ■receiveS a great shock, and one of thu ladies fainted away. The '' ghost" immediately made off. Helpless and Starving.—Information was yesterday given to the police that an old man named William Rand was lying in a wretched | condition in a small hut at the rear of Mr. Chapman's, cooper, in M'Crae-street. Senior l constable Linehan found the old man suffering from a bad leg and almost dead from starvation. Rand about a week ago was allowed by Mr, j Chapman to live in tho tint, but ainoo then it appears ho has had but very little to eat. He i was taken to tho lockup, and will be brought before tho court this morning, when, no doubt, the police will endeavor to have him admitted to tho Benevolent Asylum. ! The Rowing Season will bo opened on Wed nesday next by a procession of boats, in which the Sandhurst and Bendigo clubs will take part. There will bo a number of soratoh raoes, in cluding a State School Pleasure Boat Race. Butler's band will play selections of music during tho afternoon, and the procession will start at three o'clock. "Jo."—This evening thero should bo a large attendance at tho Royal Princess Theatre on the occasion of the first jvppqaraijco of Mia5! Joi)iiie Lee iu this oity in tho oljaraotor of "Jo." As most people are doubtless aware, this pieco is adapted from Charles Dickens' [' Bleak House,'.' and the patheiic experiences of the little cros sing-sweeper are most graphically portrayed by tho clever actresB who will assume the character. The scenery which has been used at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, where the piece had a tjrilljaut ritn, has been brought to Sandhurst by tljo cquipauy. Tho hou. treasurer of tlio Benevolent Asylum (Dr. James Boyd)' with • thanks acknowledges receipt of t'5, forwarded by Mr. Salmon of the City Family Hotel, being a contributioii'from Captain Porrot -Hid party, on tho occasion of their recent visit to Sandhurst, Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. will, this day dispose of, by public auction, on the premises, Mituholl-itroet, occupied by Mr, J, fj, Tea.gue, the whole of the stook of jewellery, clocks, counters, fittings, etc, iClsuwlioro It will bo Been that tho Insurance Agency established sineo 18G0 and conducted by -Mr. W. C. Grimley, at theTemperaiiceHall,will in future be open on Saturdays from !) o'clock ill the ifioriijnj till 9 o'clock in the evening, so as to meet tho requirements of ulloiits from the country. Ii) Tattersall's consultations, Nos. 1 and 2 on the Metropolitan Stakes, also one in the Free Handi cap worn all filled for tho lust A,>T,G, mooting. The Melbourne Cup of 10,000 ,w\ 2,000 subscribers are no\y open, and will close at an early date. Attoi)tlon is dlrooted to an advertisement stating that tho Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society have deemed it desirable to announce that their policioa are unconditional, unchallengeable, and mdofeaxiblo on any grounds whatever, Mr. H. V. Roper, for many years connected with the Edinburgh Boot Mart, will open a boot and shoo emporium in L>r._ Atkinson's buildings, yi.»5V.street, ilr, K°per bein" so jrell and favor ably known in tho trado should command a large ainQi]i)t i)f public patronage. Tlio hfiij. "i-ra^uiVjr ■ pf fho Eaiclehawk Fire Bi-J(Xfr. 'y/, Hdscijjh) acknowledges, wit}'} thuiilca, lisj, !)d. from thn ffoutli British Insurance Company par Mr. W. Jfry, Tho Occidental Leviathan Consultation on the Melbourne Cup is advertised in our columns. The first prizeis tho handsomesum of£8,000, tho sccmd prize £'3,000, and the third tl,000. Applications for shares are to be made to " Occidental," care of E, Perkins, Royal Exchange Hotel, Sydney. Tlio annual meeting of the Sandhurst Bowling Club will Ue hold at the Shamrock Hotol on Moiit day evening at -S o'olock, A trial of the M'Cormack reaper and Irving binder is announced to take place at the farm of Mr. Thomas Ramsay, near Bridgewater on Tuesday, 3rd October under the auspices of the North western Agricultural Society. Messrs. Bartlett Brothers, of View Place, notify by advertisement that they havo now opened their photographla studio, and VP to cwtY out all kinds of work connected with tha art. By an advertisement elsewhere it-will bo seen that tho well-known Royal Hotel, Maldon* is for sale. Particulars relating to the property may -be obtained from Mr. C. Caudwell, aharebroker, Bee hive Sandhurst; ... Tenders, to'bu-sui.i ii; pn orbeforo the 14th of October, are invitod, by" an advertisement in another, colivmn; for- tho lease, goodwill, ancj license of th's M'Kpf Jnn, Jiifmora Road, posy JJenthSQ^i - • •■■■■ 