iCPOEiliRY; CHRISTMAS. " We'll keep up our Christmas still."—Scott. It is tho time; the merry time,'; Which cheered our ancient sires; It is the time* .the happyrtima, When minstrels tuncu their lyres* And those who in the old -world livo Take care to trim their fires. -1v In' shoit, we welcome Christmas hack • With all its lively train; • ' • •> Nor present care, nor future woo • ■ .. Our plcasuro sUall restrain: The holy rite, with festal gong, ' ' We usher in again; - 1 - • ' • Oh! for an angel-pen to write; . Oh 1 for the poet's art; ' Oh! .for a spark of nature'* firo •• Her beauty to impart.' • -rr: >, j . Tet more I wish, for I would fain 1 r. Breatho rapture to the heart.. • I would a merry enrol sing, - \- Or tell a lively tale, , , . .. Which should uproarious laughter causo "When o'er our 44 hut-brown ale j" " • For at this holy tido at least - . >. ] Good-humour should prevail. } In sooth, it was a golden age. While yet the heathen Dane.. • i , .To feast his pirate crew at Iol.* : :;. Forsook the stormy main. And hold they worshipped Odin most • - ■ ■ Who best the mead could drain. - . Well was it deem'd a fitting time, _ '" . In England's fendal halls, Where holly-green and mistletoe t • ;; Hung gaily on the walls, . - , To mingle piety with mirth ►. And hold high festivals. With equal right we claim this night When hearts with joy o'erflow. Yet Father Christmas doth on youth A doublo share bestow. "" Hard-hearted man content must bo, 1 ..At most one-half to know. But, pleasure unalloyed with pain, On earth is seldom known, • For man from early infancy . To discontent is prone, And apt to mourn in secret o'er ^ T Some joy for ever down. . As littlo children tire of play, We are as wont to grow \- Of pleasure weary in onr turn; When soon aside wo throw Each costly toy till then esteem d Above all else we know.' What though amidst enjoyment crownd. We fail to stifle care, And where we fondly look for mirth, • ' Alas! we Asd despair; L re- jj And in a melancholy mood - To solitude repair! But let who will despise onr hhst,>. ■ Pleased with onrpresent choice,... • We welcome.Christmas hack,again , With universal voice; We pledge the bowl which Bacchus gave,^: And, while we may, rejoice.;-'■ ' - . Yet. think not, in the banquet hall - Whate'erl may enjoy, I am unmindful of that time r Whileyeta wayward.boy, . Old Christmas was my first delight And play my sole einployl' • • I see the old home near the lake, Amid the winter snow: \ And curling gracefully above' The blue smoke well 1 know. . Ah me I I love t • conjure up, " The dear dead long ago." Once more beside a cheerful fire, ,:A vacant seat I find— My former place among a cronp, Who gave a welcome kind' : Unto the stranger as to him . Whom tiss of kindred hind.; Together sitting as of yore, What wondrous tales we tell; f . • Of walling ghosts at midnight beard, . And fays in shady dell. Ah! truly what strange things tboy say'' la ancient days befell. ■ •. • Alas 1 it was a waking dream, I look oronnd in vain. For vanished is that happy home • And I alone remain;. • And yet, methonght it seem'd so true, I was a child again. Bnt let it pass, nor shall this theme My mina to-night engross, • Nor were it wise to banish mirth ' To mourn iry early loss; • And Christmas bath an vqnal chum. .'.Beneath tho Southern Cross. . I sigh for them who ne'er rejoice, < For tome I have a tear. And with a kindly smile I greet The few I hold most dear; But in tby simple song I wish - To all a glad New Year. • ■. ' * "The Iol of the heathea Donee was solemnized with great festivity. .... ; . Even, heathen then, the swage Pano ' • •• ; r At Iol more deep tLo mead did drain. r, Elopbmskt Statistics T-The old proverb about the s^ip,between the cup.acd,the,lip is vrell exemplified by t he, :stutbtics .wlucli. ,luvo been collected uk America regarding the elope mont9 of the last six months. A n elopement at Louisville was frustrated by" a'isniall boy, who with a well directed snowball knocked off the coachman's liat.^While be, was recovering, bis hit the train the unhappy couple ,were en* deavouriog to reach started, and .the s pursuing parents coine hp .• In Illinois a young lady, ran away barefooted; her lover insisted upon, stop* ping to buy a pair of shoes. The delay, proved fatal;'. A lover.at Winowa was so impetuous that he did n>t even wait for the young, lady's consent, but lassoed her. as, she was going,, to church, and was dragging her awiy to a justice s ofiico when help arrived. At Batavia .^Frederick L. Jaclsou, aged forty -nine,' . ran away with his father-in-law's second, wife, ,a iyoung woman, leaving behind his own; spouse. One clopoment ended, in a tragic manner. >t Tlio lady was pursued by her mothor down,tlio rail road track. The old lady, in her excitement, failed to notice the approach of a locomotive, which ran over her and killed her. A man hailing from Wisconsin eloped with his em* ployer s wife, and left the following note for the bereaved husband:—iI have tooked. your woman ; but you are welcuin to my last week's wages, which I didn't draw j and I hoap . that squares things/. 