CHILD LIFE. Suggested by Christmastide and the School Picnic. Bv a Colonist of 1839.1 \\\ e are perhaps too fond of boasting of our wondrous age, and of the material =and mechanical progress that the civilized world has made within the memories of living people, .hmerson eay3 truly that no greater men are now than ever were. A singular equality may be observed between the great men of the first and of the last sgea, nor can all the science, art, religion, and philosophy of the nineteenth 'century avail to educate greater men than Plutarch's heroes three or four and twenty centuries ago. The art3 and inventions of each period are only its costume, and do not invigorate men. Plato is grander than hia long array of pupils. Shakspeare had more insight into human nature than any who have succeeded him, and who had the inheritance of all the ages and Shakspeare's mervellous work amongst them for their in struction and inspiration. But though indi viduals in the past have never been excelled, and psrhapa never equalled, we should have reaped no fruit of their labours if tho world was not in many ways wiser, better, and happier. A recent writer in the Spectator, speaking of the marvellous reach of Shak sjeare's genius, mentions one point which he did not touch, or touched so slightly and with so little of his magic power that it may be called his terra incognita. And this is child life, which it is the special glory of this age to appreciate and to try to understand. We may reasonably date the dawn of the literature of childhood which accompanied the effort' to serve and comprehend it about a century back. It awoke almost simultaneously from two opposite potes of thought and feeling — one the religiously philanthropical, which organized Sunday Echools, and by means of these for the first time established a valuable link between the respectable and Eerious classes, who were fceachere and superintendents, and the poor md the vicious by means of their children. no one can reu tne goott etiects, bodily and spiritually, Idireet and indirect, of Sunday school organization. It brought visitora into squalid homes in cases of sickness and desti tution, it aroused enquiry into cases of injus ticeand oppression, and it was a powerful lever fortheadvanceof general education. Indeedjit rendered possible the secular education which is the only general system which the State can subsidize and enforce, for it supplements this instruction where it is defective by ftrouping the children denomina tionally for religious instruction, as the State _ groups them regardless of denomination for general instruction. The Sunday-school, too, gave rise to a literature suitable for the children whom it taught, somewhat restricted in its scope, but still a marvellous improvement on the cheap ballads, the ghost stories, and the chronicles of crime which were nearly all that found their way to the home3 of the poor previously. The same protest waa made by employers then which is made nowadays against Government education, that children were being over educated when at the Sunday-school they were taught to read their Bible3 and learn their catechisms. Reading was believed to be a useless and a dangerous acquirement. wmen woma only mate farm labourers and domestic servants discontented and revolu tionary. From the opposite pole came the other wave of child literature. Among the new thoughts which warmed the hearts and fired the imagination of the overthrowers of old dynasties and old abuses, was not only liberty for the slave, but education and care for the children. The greaiK.cataclysm of the French Revolu tion was preceded in France by the sentimental writings of J. J. Rousseau and of St. Pierre, urging mothers to nurse and care for their own children, and not send them to hirelings, and writing on education generally from the child's point rather than from the teacher's. In England a kindly utilitarian band of educationists began to write books about children for children, and since then an e%-er-increasing stream of hymns and rhymes ; of real history simply told, and fabled story narrated with as much precision as real history, has poured from the pens of child lovers and taken shape in the press of publishers. We do not believe that anything in our material condition would have sur prised a visitor from the last century more than the children's picnic given last week by Sir. E. T. Smith. That a man should be wiling to give so much money in order to gratify two or three thou sand children would astonish him in the first place ; but it would also be beyond his com prehension that the enormous staff of teachers would co-operate with him so heartily and efficiently that for the whole day the hap piness, the safety, and the general wellbeing of the young people were paramount with every grown peraon on the ground. The Walpole politician would say these children had no votes and needed not to be bribed. The schoolmaster of the old r&gimz; who acknowledged that he knew nothing about teaching, except that hi flogged and the boys learned, would have stared to see not a single instrument of correction in any teacher's hand, and the policemen, orna mental certainly but never called into any active service. The employer of labour would have wondered where the working classes could be found in a com munity where all the boys and girls were so well clothed and so well fed. That these pupils of our common schools were brought down by the power of steam from Adelaide to the Grange would be to them less surprising than their being held nil day so firmly under the power of discipline without the red and the cane ; that each school and each class took its place without quarrelling or rude language ; that the games were so fairly contested, and the prizes so numerous and so good ; that the fare was so excellent and so abundant ; and, above all, that strangers and visitors seemed as pleased.to look on as if it was an amusement meant for themselves. An idea might possibly have entered the mind of an admirer of the Great Frederick that this was a cunnins plan of training recruits for the army, for the school drill might be a good prepara tion for harder military service— but why waste so much labour on the girls, even to fit them to become the mothers of soldiers ? And in such a well to-do population it would be hard to find volunteera, and even harder to allow of press-gangs and crimps such as procured recruits. The simple idea that child-life is a good thing in itself, though as old as the Gospel, was quite lost sight of until our modern times. All references to education and the proper rearing of children, even by the most enlightened writers, were as to what would fit them best to be valiant soldiers or useful citizens, r.nd domestic drives and mothers. jlo i.ne parents, no doubt, their own children were dear, though not iu the same way as they are now. We hear of children a hundred years aso who never sat down in the presence of their parents, unless re quested to do so, and who never spoke to them without permission. Lady Jane Grey tells us that one reason why shs was so fond of her tutor and of her Greek studies was that with her books she was at peace, whereas her parents were r.lways harsh, severe, and cruel to her. If children were habitually repressed they were not likely to be very charming The Spectator writer referred to ssya that the only child who takes anv prominent part in Shakspeare's plays is Moth, and says that this part acted by an intelligent pretty girl of twelve was one of the' most charming things lie lias ever seen on the stage. But if Motl is really meant to represent a boy of twelve, he is to us a very objectionable boy. His talk, though very clever, is not child-talk at all, and he possesses a good deal of what we nowadays would call ' ch^ek.' Arthur will come into our readers' minds as a very interesting child, but he was fifteen years old at the time of the play, and doe-3 not talk as if he was younger. Mamilius, in ' Winter's Tale,' has almost nothing to say, and he appears under very disagreeable and painful circumstances, owing to his father's groundless jealousy. Perdita di?appears as an infant, and after a jrip of twenty years reappears as the charming heroine of the second part of the play. The Prince3 in the Tower are lo be pitied, but in themselves they have little interest. If Shakespeare could not handle child life, his contemporaries and immediate successors were still more incapable of it. Milton's relations with his daughters when they were grown up were not very pleasant, 33 he taught them to read Greek without understanding it, so that they might read to him for his pleasure, but not their own, so we may surmise that he had little sympathy with them when they were young. That pirt of the ' Pilgrim's Progress' which treats of Christian is much more interesting and vivid than the second part which tells of Christiana and her children, and as the four boys all get married on the way — one of them to Mercy, who waa grown up when they started — we cannot suppose them to be very young. The only child like trait in the story is when Matthew ate green fruit which grew in Beelzebub's orchard — as all stolen pleasure are supposed to do — bat when he was recovering from his attack of the gripe3, under Dr. Skill's care, he showed an eagerness in theological matters quite beyond his years. The ques tions which he propounds are marvellously ingenious, but they aro John Bunyan's own. The balladB, as well as the fairy tale3, which were the earliest forms of literature which children could be interested in, were not wnttenfor them at all.butformenand women. Who knows anything about the childhood of ' Sinbad the Sailor,' of ' Robinsou Crusoe,' or of ' Lemuel Gulliver,' who have been the wesnder and delight of several generations of children ? If by any chance a child took any place in a story, the youthful days were hur ried over, he or she had to grow up and be married, or there appeared to be no need to tell a tale about the child at all. The character of our old nursery rhymes shows that our great poete had other things to do with their gifts than sing to children. They are mostly silly jingles which owe their charms to the tunes. Indeed, the old poets, like the French novelists nowadays, made a boast that they did not sing to children or maidens. There is one exception, however. Matthew Prior, a poet and an ambassador of Queen Anne's time, has left on record two 3hort strains addressed to little ladies of his acquaintance, une ot these, Mr. Swinburne thinks, deserves to be set beside Victor Hugo's charming verses to his grandchildren, but we shall see a wide difference between them on careful examination. Prior's idea of a pretty little girl is that she will grow up to be a beauty and a toast, and he, alas ! will then be too old to make love to her. Here are his verses written in the year 1704 :— To a Child of Qdalitt, Five Years Old— the Author then Forty. Lords, knight?, and squires, the numerous band That wear the fair Miss Mar/a fetters Were summoned by her high command, To show their passions by their letters. My pen among the rest I toot, Lest those bright eyes that cannot reid Should dart their kindling fires, and look The power they have to be obeyed. 3. Nor quality, nor reputation, Forbid me yet my flame to tell ; Dear five- year-old befriends my passion, And I may write till she can spell. For while she makes her silkworms' beds Of all the tender things I swear, Whilst all tho house my passion reads, In paper round her baby hair ; 5. She may receive and_ own my Same, For though tho strictest prudes should know it, She'll pass for a most virtuous dame, And I for an unhappy poet I Then, too. alas ! when she shall tear The lines some younger rival sends, She'll give me leava to write, I fear, And we shall still continue friends. For, as our different ages move Tis so ordained (would Fate but mend it !) That I shall bo past making love When she begins to comprehend it. How differently would any modern poet write to such a child. Mr. F. T. Palgrave touches a very different note in the follow ing:— If by any device or knowledge, The rosebud its beauty could know, It would stay a rosebud for ever, Nor into its fulness grow. And if thou could'st know thine own sweetnB3s, O, little one, perfect and sweet ! Thou would'st be a child for over. Complete whilst incomplete. And nothing could be more foreign to the heart of Victor Hugo than Prior's ingenious anticipation of Hiss Alary's triumphs. Not only to his grandchildren, but in his verses to all little children there is an absence of tliis arriire pensde of flames and passion] and love-making. It is the old Gospel idea—' Of such is the Kingdom of Heaven,' and no earthly thought mingles with it. Whether he watches the ' little darling' run in at the open door to greet his mother ;— or when in L 'Annie Terrible, the poet sits with little Jeanne on his knee, watching her through sickness ; or takes sad comfort in her and her sister when his son is slain— they always appear nearer to Heaven than grown people are. The activities of children, their curio sities, their eagerness, their contrivances, all interest him. He delights in their unfolding themselves in a sunny and kindly atmot sphere of love and confidence. He wrote his novel of ' Ninety- three' (the revolutionary year) without a love plot, and with a lovely baby of twenty months old for its only heroine, and the description of the three children shut up during the siege of tho castle is the most wonderfully beautiful thing in the book. During Victor Hugo's long banishment under the Second Empire in the Island of Jersey he made friends with all the children he came in contact with, and delighted in nothing so much as giving them little treats and feasts, especially to the poorest and the sickliest. Hia purse was not long, but we are sure his memory is cherished by many little ones to whom he gave a weekly good dinner. We do not know how many of the children who were presented at the school picnic on i nday will grow up to benefit by the teaching they receive in the furtherance of their for tunes, but we are glad that they have had one happy day— something looked forward to for weeks, and to be remembered, we hope, for much longer. And we aro glad that the happiness of that special day was so much aided by the arrangements and discipline of every schoolday of their lives. No one who looked dispassionately on these happy .'and orderly groups could imagine that this secular education would lead to larrikinism. No doubt ambition enters more largely into the thoughts of the young Australian citizen than it did into his ancestoi of the same age a hundred years ago, and many children of poor parents hope to rise above mere manual labour ; but, on the other hand, nowhere are the conditions of Labour better than they are here, and at no period in the history of our race has honest work been accounted so honourable as it is now. The work of the world has to be done, and we are very sure that our young generation are being trained to do it well. 