SHANDON BELLS. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author, of " Macleod of Dare," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter V.—The Begutnisg of a Career. However, there was no trace of the blow discoverable next day, and so on this fine May morning Fitzgerald set about the accom plishment of nis various tasks. First of all he had to accompany his artist friend to the police station; though indeed he harbored no sentiment of revenge against the luckless Cobbler who had once more fallen into .the clutches of the law. Then he proceeded to f et the thirty pounds made- transferable to reland. This, nevertheless, he did with some compunction. For, if he was to fight his way in London, was it fair to Kitty, who had entrusted her future to him, that he should thus throw away the sinews of war? Was it not running a tremendous risk to leave him self with only seven pounds before securing some definite work? But then, on the other band, he had fair prospects before him; and be had the courage of two or three and twenty; besides, ne was not going to allow that blackguard Maloney to triumph over his father, coursing club or no coursing club. And so he went and sent off the money; and then made his way to the Albany, where he had an appointment with Mr. Hilton Clarke. When Fiammetta showed him into the richly-colored room he found that gentleman reclining in a low easy chair in a voluminous dressing-gown, a cigarette in one hand, a paper- covered novel in the other, while before him on the little table were the remains of a French breakfast. "How are you, Fitzgerald?" he said, throwing aside the book. "Sit down and have some coffee and a cigarette. No? You'll find that Chartreuse worth tlying. Well, and what did you think of the Great Gifford? Was the godlike man up to your expectations ?" "I was very much interested," said Fitz gerald, rather timidly; for indeed he did not like the way in which Mr. Hilton Clarke spoke of the literary calling and of its pro fessors, whilst he did not wish to show the presumption of putting himself into an agonism with one who was so much his supe rior. " I have always had a great regard for the Liberal Eevieio, and—of course, I never thoughtlshouldevermeetthe editor. Ihaven't seen you to thank you for giving me such a chance—perhaps you don't quite understand what it is to a young fellow who has only heard of well-known men. I—I thought it jyas a great honor." "Oh, you will soon get rid of all that modesty," said the other. "It is a useless article in London." "We walked home together," continued Fitzgerald, "as far as Sloane-street; and Mr. Gifford was good enough to say I might try my hand at a notice of that new novel, ' Daphne's Shadow,' for the Liberal Review." " The devil he did ! What can have made him so goodnatured?" " I think I know," put in Fitzgerald, dex terously. " His good nature was caused by your good nature m recommending me." "Oh, that was nothing," said the other, carelessly. "Well, you must be cautious how to set about it. Bring the book to me." " But I have already sent in the review." " Already ? You haven't been wasting time, then." "And I have been doing more than that," said Fitzgerald, pulling out a certain envelope. " I have been putting together a few salmon flies for you, if you care to have them. I found I could get the materials better in Lon don." "Ah, thanks, much obliged," said Hilton Clarke, taking out one or two of the flies with his beautiful white fingers. " But about this review. I am afraid the grey-eyed Athene wasn't looking after you when you sent it in in such a, hurry. I wish you had come to me first. Young reviewers don't seem to under stand that they ought to consider for whom thev are writing when they write. It isn't the public—the public judge for themselves nowa days—dinner-tables and clubs doallthat. Nor the author; the author is pig-headed; besides if you don't tell him he is better than Byron or Shakespeare he will think you are devoured with jealousy and spite. No," continued Hilton Clarke, as lie carefully rolled up another cigarette. " You are writing for your editor. He is the audience you ought to con sider. He is the person you must impress with a conviction of your sagacity. Now, to do that, you see, you want experience, you want to know your man. I wish you had come to me. . I suppose it never occurred to you to put John Brown into the review you wrote for Gifford ?" " John Brown ?" said Fitzgerald, looking bewildered. " What John Brown ?" "John Brown, of Harper's Ferry. No, you never thought of that. But if you had only come to me I could have told you that you had only to put John Brown into the re view—anywhere—anyhow—and you'd have fetched old Gifford to a dead certainty. He can't withstand John Brown. All you've got to do," he continued, contemplating one of the salmon flies and stroking out the soft feathers, "is to take John Brown's body, without any wings, or hackle, or tinsel, as one might say, and you drop that fly quietly over Gilford's nose, and he'll rise to it like a grilse just fresh run from the sea." Fitzgerald could not understand why this friend of his lost no opportunity of throwing taunts—however they might be veiled in a sort of scornful fastidiousness—at Mr. Gif ford ; but for the constraint with which he listened to such speeches there were also other reasons. Among the various articles of young Fitzgerald's creed (he was only three and twenty) there were none he clung to more implicitly than these two :—First, that the great majority of womankind were honest and honorable, self-denying, believable, and worthy of all the beautiful things that had been said about them by the poets; and, secondly, that literature was one of the noblest callings on the face of the earth, and that he who did good work therein—whether it was indefinitely adding to the world's pos sessions in that way, or whether it was merely in teaching men, from week to week, or from day to day, what they ought to value—was a public benefactor who ought to be regarded with respect, and affection, and gratitude. Now on both these points Mr. Hilton Clarke discoursed with a complacently open sceptism; and at such times Fitzgerald wished he could close his ears against this talk—not that it in the slightest degree affected his beliefs, but that it affected what he wished to regard as the character of his friend. Fitzgerald was naturally a hero worshipper; and he was capable of a warm gratitude. He wished to think the best of his friend. And when Hilton Clarke talked in this fashion—which he seemed to enjoy in proportion as Fitzgerald's face fell—the latter would try to close his ears as much as he could. Then again when he left he would endeavor to forget all that he had heard. He would remember only Hilton Clarke's best points—the charm of his conversation when he happened to light on some literary point that interested him; his great kindness shown to a mere stranger met by chance in the south of Ireland; and his personal cour tesy (the way in which he had come to the relief of his improperly attired guest) was still fresh in Fitzgerald's mind. Besides, perhaps his experience of women had been unfortunate; and perhaps his disparagement of contemporary literature, especially of critical literature, was due to a sort of modesty, seeing that he himself held an enviable position in it. "Well, now, Fitzgerald, let s get on to this magazine business. Won't you smoke ?" " No, thank you, I never smoke till night. It takes up too much time." "All, the eager impetuosity of youth. When you get a dozen years older you'll be glad of something to help you to pass the hours. Well, my friend the capitalist has got some impetuosity too. In one day he has managed to secure a business manager for us, and also a publishing office in the Strand. No doubt we should start as soon as possible, for in a short time everyone will be in London for the season, and then it i3 that people begin to talk about their plans for the autumn. Scobell suggests the week after next, but that is clearly impos sible. We must have material to begin with; people won't pay a shilling for a mere psogramme of our intentions. My private impression is that the capitalist imagines he will find himself a person of importance in society through his connection with this magazine ; but it will be part of your business, Mr. Sub-editor, to remember that it is I who am editor of the magazine, and not Dick Scobell." " Oh, of course. I know what rows with proprietors are," said Fitzgerald. " Proprietors are the most unreasonable of mortals. They don't understand their proper sphere of duty—which is to pay and look pleasant. If the venture succeeds they get good interest for their money. If it doesn't they don't mend matters by coming in at intervals, like a Greek chorus—' Oh i oh 1 oh ! Woe! woe! woe!' Now, as regards your position, Fitzgerald," he said, as he poured out a small glass of Chartreuse—showing as he did so a singular-looking ring on his finger, consisting of a little Indian god, in gold, fas tened on a broad silver hoop. " Have you considered the question of remuneration ?" " As regards myself ?" "Yes." "Not in the least," said Fitzgerald, with something of a blush. " I don't expect very much at the outset. I think I am very lucky to get a start so early after coming to London. There is an artist-neighbor of mine who thinks I have been very lucky indeed, and he con siderseverythingamatterof luck, even getting elected a member of the academy." " He must have been looking at this year's exhibition," said Hilton Clarke, drily. " Well, now, this capitalist friend gives me a lump sum, I may explain to you, and he holds me responsible for all the literary matter, and for having the thing properly put together. What you will have to do won't interfere, I hope and think, with any more serious literary work. Very well, what do you think of four pounds a week? Speak frankly, you know, for I may squeeze the good Scobell a little fuz-ther yet." "Four pounds a week?" said Fitzgerald, with his face brightening up with surprise. " Then my artist friend was right. I had five and-twenty shillings a week from the Cork Chronicle." " It is enough, then?" " Yes, indeed. It is far more than I ex pected." "You should never say that. It is not wise. However, as I am dealing with another man's money, I am not going to reduce the offer; and I think myself it is a fair one. And so you had five-and-twenty|shillings a week on the Cork Chronicle ?" said Hilton Clarke, re garding the younger man. "Twenty-five shillings a_ week; youth, and health, and high ambition; and somebody to write love verses about; I suppose you were not un happy ? Oh, yes, I could detect that subtle inspiration here and there, in whatever guise the young lady turned up. But I have always had a suspicion that when youthful poets gave their sweethearts long and sounding names, the ladies themselves were rather short of stature. Is not that so ? It is like calling a musical little verse in Horace a choriambic dimeter acatalectic. The Lady Irmingarde, for example. That is a fine name : but I would wager now that the Lady Irmingarde is not over five feet two." "I don't see what that has to do with this new magazine," said Master Willie, striving to be very calm, but with all the quick blood of the Fitzgeralds blazing in his face. • "Don't be angry, man," said the other good-naturedly. " I hope it will have a great deal to do with the new magazine. You see, in every well-conducted household you will find two or three people either in love with somebody or other, or else willing to think of the days when they were; and you can't ap Eeal to that sentiment unless you, the writer, ave yourself a fresh fount of inspiration to' draw from. You don't suppose that the old writers, when they were describing Helen, formed her out of their own head ? Of cjurse they turned to the pretty Chloe or the laughing Lalage of their acquaintance, to see what sofo cheeks and pretty eyes could be likened to. Do you remember Svmmon's translation of that passage in the "Agamemnon"—well, it is rather a paraphrase than a translation; but listen to this as a piece of English :— ' When first she came to Dion's towers Oh, what a glorious sight, I ween, was there! The tranquil beauty of the gorgeous queen Hung solt as breathless summer on her cheeks,' Whereon the damask sweet, the glowing zephyr slept; And, like an idol beaming from its shrine, So o'er the floating gold around her thrown ■ Her peerless face did shine ; And though sweet softness hung upon their lids, Yet her young eyes still wounded where they looked.' Is not that fine ? •Yet her young eyes still wounded where they looked.'" And indeed Fitzgerald considered it was so fine—and so nearly suggestive of a pair of soft black innocent young eyes that he knew of far away, that he straightway forgot all his wrath, and proposed to liis companion that, if lie had time, they should walk down to the Strand, and have a look at the offices. " I can't very well," said Hilton Clarke, yawning and stretching out liis long legs, and stroking his yellow beard. "I have got to dress first. Then I am going on to Jerniyn street to the Turkish baths. Then I've got one or two calls to make in the afternoon. But you might go down if you like, and introduce yourself to the manager. His name is Silas, Earp. And don't forget we must have a touch of sentiment in the magazine; it is wonderful the interest that grown people take in young people's love affairs. Look at the eagerness with which they read Breach of Promise cases—the more absurd the better, don't you see, for they are delighted to find other people making just such fools of them selves as they did at the same age." Well, Fitzgerald got away, and was rather glad, for somehow he liked Hilton Clarke better, and was more grateful to him when he was not listening to him. And now indeed the day was joyful to him—a fresh, clear. May day, with the pavements of Pic cadilly looking quite white, and all he could think of was that Kitty would not know soon enough of the good fortune that had befallen him. After all, why should he have been angry about the mention of the Lady Irmingarde? It was only good-humored banter, for indeed, as Andy the Hopper had remarked, "'twas Masther Willie had the duck's back," and annoyances ran clean off his shoulders, so long as you gave him plenty of fresh air and sunlight, and a moderate share of pavement for his eager and rapid walking. He went down to the Strand and saw the offices, which were in a sad state of con fusion and dust. Likewise lie had a long conversation with Mr. Earp, and a briefer one with the great capitalist himself, who seemed surprised that Hilton Clarke had not shown up, though Fitzgerald ven tured to point out that an editor could not be of much use about the place until they had provided him with at least a desk and a penny bottle of ink. Then with one hurried and passing glance at the office of the Liberal Bevieio — where, perhaps, that first contribution of his was at this very moment under consideration—he set off home as fast as his legs could carry him, anxious to fill up the rest of the day with some work, and also in the secret hope of finding a letter from Kitty, missed by his early outgoing of that morning, awaiting him. Moreover, he was very hungry after many hours; and so, on reaching his spacious if somewhat bare and low-roofed study, he be sought his landlady to cook him a chop with all convenient speed. And indeed that was a right-royal banquet that he enjoyed there, all by . himself, in the silent, big room, made cheerful by the sunlight streaming in at the open window: for if it only consisted of a chop, some bread, and a glass of ale, was there not a letter of Kitty's, over a dozen pages long, to serve as a musical and laugh ing accompaniment? The sun shone warm on the faded rugs on the floor; there was the faintest stirring of the wind among the young plane trees in the courtyard outside; in the silence it almost seemed as if he could hear Kitty talking to him. And then again he had to imagine another picture—that lofty little terrace that looked down on Cork and over to Shandon steeple; and a small room there; and Kitty bending over these precious leaves, and sometimes raising her head, to look at the rain or to think of him far away. "Audley-place, Tuesday. "My beloved and Bonny Coulin*—What I have done to deserve it I don't know, but since ever I came back to this blessed town there has been nothing but rain, rain, and rain, and the beautiful city, that you tried to make me believe was like Venice, is nothing but a mass of smoke away down in a hole, and St. Mary's steeple over there seems to shiver with cold when it strikes the half hours, and the only human beings within sight are a lot of rooks in the meadows across the road, and you can tell by the noise they make they are in a frightful temper because of the wet. I do wonder now more than ever where, in such a climate, a certain person got all the sunniness that's in his face, and in his eyes, and more particularly his ham. Did he take all there was to get and leave none ? At all events, Master Coulin, it's a very good thing for you, and it's a very bed thing for me, that you and I did not live !in the time when the cold-hearted Saxon made the young Irishmen crop their locks, for then I wouldn't have looked at you, and I'd have minded my own proper bnsiness. Dear me, the audacity of some people and the folly of others! Justwhen a good contralto is worth a mint of money in Italian opera, jealousy steps in and says, No, you sba'n't; you sha'nt even be allowed to sing in England ; no more Crystal Palace for you ; nothing but concerts in such centres of civilisation as Cork and Limerick and Bel fast ; and just to make sure of hiding away such a diamond—no, I suppose it should be an emerald in Ireland—I'll set Don Eierna and his wicked elves to bind you in invisible chains, and something awful will happen to you if you even whisper La Seala in your dreams. Well, whether it was her tremen dous good-nature, or whether it was the sun light that had got into the brown of Mr. Jealonsy's hair, or whether she had got such a fright with the ghosts that she promised anything without the slightest notion of keep ing her word, I don't know, but the thing was done; and then all of a sudden—in return for her extraordinary good-nature and self sacrifice, she finds herself a forlorn and forsaken damsel; left to pace up and down the sand of Inisheen, which, as Andy the Hopper remarks, is so firm and clean that, * Sure, Miss, ye might walk on it wid a satin shoe.' " Oh Willie, I'm sick tired of the rain, and I don't know what I'm writing to you. I was wet through last night coming home. What in duced me to take these rooms I don't know. I shall never again take lodgings where one cannot drive home on a wet night. But Miss Patience says she likes large views; I suppose they conform with her great mind. I have been so good, Willie. I have been really so very good that I don't know what to do with myself; and I expect to find wings sprouting some morning when I get up. I haven't gone round by the barracks once, and the two or three times I have gone round I have kept my eyes fixed on the gravel the whole way, just in case a young ossifer might come riding out (I can see the frown on your faee quite clearly, and, perhaps, it isn't safe to put jokes in a letter when one isn't by to be scolded for im pertinence, flippancy, unladylike manners, and all the pleasant rest of it). So we'll get back to business, please, and the truth is, you know, Master Willie, although it has been reserved for an English singer to reveal to the Irish people the pathos of ' The Bells of Shandon,' all the same the English singer can't earn a living by singing that one song—unless indeed she were to sing it through the streets, like Nelly in the " Green Bushes." No, nor even when she makes a skilful selection illustrating the wonderful virtues of the Irish people, and when she shifts her engagements as much as possible from north to south, and east to wesfl®tyes, and even when she makes excuses for pretty long holidays—at Inisheen or elsewhere, even the Irish people, though liking to be told of their virtues, may get a little tired of her, and wish to see a little less of her. In that case managers might begin to hint about reduc tion of terms, whereas, even at present, it's just about all she can do to keep things straight—waiting for the glorious time when Prince Goldenhair is coming to claim her and carry her off. Very well, now this is the point; at the Theatre in Dublin they're going to put in a panorama between the pieces, and they've made me an offer— now you needn't jump out of your chair like that. It isn't to go on the stage—I say they have made me a fair and liberal offer if I will go and siDg for them—only one song each evening, which is light work, and I shall have no expense of dresses or gloves, for I sing in the 'wings' unseen. Don't you see the panorama is really a series of pictures of Irish scenery, and when they come to the finest of them—of course it's Killarney in moonlight, that's because they don't know the glen near the Blackwater where Don Fierna lives and where mischief is done to the hearts of poor distressed damsels—then the orchestra begins to play very softly and sweetly, and then you hear the voice of an angel (that's me) siDging away somewhere; at Innisfallen or Killeenrlougha. I don't think much of the song they have sent me; but I daresay it will sound very nice in that mysterious way, and the moonlight and the view of the lake will put a charm into my poor singing. Now, Willie, I know you don't want me to go to Dublin; but this isn't like going to Dublin in an ordinary kind of way, for my name won't appear in the bills at all, and nobody will know who is singing. It will really be a long holiday for me, ana I shall come back to my concert series after a sufficient long absence, and I promise you that sis I shall have no audience visible I will sing every evening just as if I were singing to you, and think of you all the time, and the manage ment will not have reason to be sorry for thai. Now what do you say ? My father's half-pay ust about keeps him, you know; but I have lways tried to send him some little present ebout midsummer to induce him to go down to Bamsgate or Margate for a week. Then • these long holidays, even with all the good old Patience's economy, haye very nearly emptied my purse, and supposing that Prince Goldenhair were suddenly to appear and say, 'Look sharp, Miss Kitty, I've found the bag of diamonds I went for. _ Come along!' wouldn't it be very awkward if I had to say, ' Oh, but, dear sir, I haven't got a farthing to buy my white satin dress with/ So be a good boy and don't make any objections, and every night I'll think of you as I'm singing the song —oh, dear me, as if I had anything else to do now but think of you; with a bit of a cry now and again. " What is the use of my writing to you ? I know what you are doing at this moment. You are not working at all; you are not thinking of me at all; you are walking in Hyde Park with Mr. Supercilious, and ad miring the fine ladies, and I shouldn't wonder if he had got you to convict-crop your hair, like his own, and wear gloves to get your hands white. Why should I waste my time on you when you're not thinking about me ? Perhaps you won't open this letter at all; per haps you will leave it lying unopened on the table. I shouldn't wonder a bit. " I got Miss Patience to drive out on a car to the glen. But it was common daylight, and Den Fierna and his elves had gone away indoors; and there was nothing but grum bling from the dear old Patience at her having to scramble down the bank and scratch her hand with briars. She couldn't imagine why I wanted to pull her to pieces like that, nor could I get Andy the Hopper that same afternoon to say a word about fairies or Don Fierna. Indeed all the neigh borhood became quite commonplace. Inis heen is a mean-looking, miserable hole; I never saw such dirty streets; and the wretched tubs of vessels are lying not on sand at all, but on mud. I hated it—except one or two nights when the moon was up, and I looked out on the cliffs beyond the bar, and I said to myself, 'Well, now, if my bonny boy were coming home from these cliffs carrying with him the wild pigeons he had been, after all the day, perhaps I'd like the place a little better.' and then, you know, how could I help thinking of the night you rowed me home in the boat, and all Inisheen asleep, and you had wrapped me up so tight in the shawl. I wave my handkerchief to you from the window, but I daren't lift the window, so you couldn't see. I watched you go away back to the town—the boat the weest black speck on the silver of the water. Dear me, that I should say anything against Inisheen, that is the dearest spot in the world to me, and hallowed by associations that memory will never give up. My dear, dear Inisheen! My beautiful Inisheen! And will it be moon light on that same night seven years hence ? Perhaps I shall not be so frightened then. "But what I dread most of all, Willie, is next Sunday morning. I know it will be a beautiful morning just to spite me. And I know how I shall wait about the window with all my things on long before the time, and looking over to the clock of St. Anne's and wishing it would push ahead and make the single Shandon bell strike the half hour. (Why did you quarrel with Miss Patience, Willie? It was so ni -e to listen for your ring at the bell). And • hen half- past ten strikes and out I go; and 1 am certain it i will be the lovliest morning, an • i the hawthorn just coming out; and all tne fresh air sweet scented. And no one at the corner—the place quite empty—no trace of the gamc keeperish young Apollo with the shy eyes and the sun brown locks, who used to say ' The top of the morning to ye, Miss Kitty!' and he so modest and grateful for her con descension. Then away she goes all alone, past the barracks—but really, really and truly, honor bright, keeping her eyes on the ground the whole way until she has passed the walls—and then do you know of a lane about there, Master Willie ? Do you know of a lane about there that you can go along and twist and turn about, until you get out among hedgerows, where grown-up children can pull wild flowers and say pretty things to each other? Did you ever go along such a lane? "But you are not listening. You are out walking with Mr. Superciliousness, and if there's anybody in the wide world who hates you with her whole heart, it's your despised but forgiving "Kitty." | He looked at the beginning of the letter again. " I'm glad it rained on Tuesday," he said to himself; and he thought that, his conscience •would perhaps absolve him if he put off his work for a little while to send Kitty just as long a letter as she had sent him—cheating the great distance between them, as it were, and imagining himself talking to her in the little room looking over the valley to Shandon tower. (To be continued J 