ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. '[REUTER'S TELEGRAMS. ALBANY, JAN. 19. The following is the list of passengers for Melbourne Mr and Mrs. Corbett, Mr. and Mrs. Cornwell, Mr., Mrs., and Miss Knight, Mr. and Mrs. Warton Mr. and Mrs. L. L Lewis, Mr and Mrs. Hewett, Mr. and Mrs. T. Way and infant, Messrs. T. H. Richardson A. Smith, J. S. Northcote, W. Northcote, J. Moser, A. Smythe, Hennille, P. Taylor and child, E. Carr, and Miss Castella. For Sydney.-Mr. and Mrs. Brown and children, Mr. and Mrs. Dickenson, Misses Dickenson (2), Master Dickenson, child, and servant, Mr and Mrs, Withers, Mr. and Mrs. Williams, Misses Williams (three), Mr. and Mrs. Oliver, Miss Bay, Mrs. Hill, Misses Green (2), Mrs. Gregory, Miss Stuart, Miss Faucett, Messrs. W J. Beadel, J. Dickson, W. Elliott, HamnellB, A. Giles, R. A. Connell, H. Law, K. Peters, H. Turner, Judge Faucett, Beacon, Grose, A. B, Whiffen, W, Russell, T. Odgers, T. Wood, Privates O'Brien Weston, M'Tagguen, M'Aldy, wife, and two children. For Glenelg Thirty AfghanB, Mr, Mon Leith. For New Zealander. D. V. H. Collen, Miss D, Pelichan, Mr. Passmore, Mr. G, Ghost GENERAL SUMMARY OF NEWS. LONDON, DEC. 10. THE RING THEATRE DISASTER. A great sensation has been caused by the appalling disaster at the Ring Theatre, Vienna, which occurred last week. All accounts confirm the astounding incapacity and unreadiness of the police and the fire brigade officials. Notwithstanding the asser- tions of those who jumped from the windows, to the effect that there were hundreds of people inside the theatre, struggling for life in the corridors and passages, the police Btolidly maintained that there could be no one left inside, as all must have got out, and so they refused to break a way into the theatre. They even arrested those who, refusing to be silenced, passionately reiterated that scarcely anybody had escaped. Public indignation at Vienna is at fever height, and will not be appeased until the parties who are responsible are punished, and measures taken to render the police and the municipal fire arrangements more efficient. (The details which follow the above have been anticipated via San Francisco). In addition to the horrors of the struggles in the darkness, the doors of exit were found locked, and the attendants who had the keys in their possession had either perished or fled. When the smoke and spreading flames had done their work, all was silent, and within a quarter of an hour after the fire broke out, only the roaring of the flames could be heard. The victims number not less than 750. Some accounts make the total as high as 500 or 600, The remains of the victims were interred at the Central Cemetery of Vienna, in the presence of an immense grief-stricken multitude. Subscriptions are pouring in from all parts of Europe for the relief of the sufferers. 