MacGabe on his Travels. This is hotr Fred Maccabc rocord&d; Ms cxpeziittccs on tie trip to -Sydney frosa toe North : — -Froia Sockhampton to Sydney, on board a pood Pteatnor. na-tig»ted by an experienced captain if, under f*vour dble circum£t*ncer, quite an enjoyable jooracr. Forty miles of rirer from the wharf to tbe box ; m nver luxuriantly furnished with mud basks, too. ts ?- protection against foreign invasion, far more potent than the cannon which bristle from the cliffs arouad tho harbour of Sydney. The excitement ?f passing- anotli«r steamer, ae ia ibc l&s-t; journey of the Kcilavrarra, is quite an. event, spiced with a delicious Savour of apprehended danger. The little steamer seemed dslenuiiHMi ihot we should not pass, for he mad.- a ruiU.-n ca^l; to ia* tercept oar eourac by coming ripht jtcross, and di rectly in our way, as if to kit, '* Ren me down, tf you dare.'- I have seen a little- tprrier attack a m-- tiff jost in the same -way ! — ana jiist sis th© aiavt;!S did,eo did the Kciiawatra — stood stili. Then cuii« tho growl of the bif dog. represented by .-vx captain's voice, follo-s-el by the ensrl of tb-- tfTO'-r. and the futile attempt of the little «nc to 4mp at the ribfi of tlie b:g ono, whose speed was Ux- muck for Jim. This pkyful incident set tic- pai?*cnjri3m talkiug-, aad disclosed the fact that tier wore all cx periecced ecamcc, at least it sdiroed #0 to tae ,- for I heard more nautical phrases iu tho oocTcr^itlcia which followed than 1 have ever heard Xrota aero professional navigators. From JMaryborouph to Brisbane duIlaeGS pm* vailed. But from Brisbane to Sydaej there hs|» pened another, but more plci^aut. cxcitemeait, la the passing of s. Etduner. She WKi & bo&xrty;, the othtr steamer, neariy t trice our site, as.i a# »h« steamed out frora the river exactly at the time aa* uounced ('miruhiU dicing she looked aia^ai£cc^t. Forty minutes afterwards the KoiLiunura followed, and just on tlie bar, or at Uic rnouth of the bay, wa sig-htcd her. Forward wont t'ae nacticsJIy-lcsarned passen^-ers, and cajrtrly we all -Bratchcd vhai wa now, beyond doubt, a. race. Out came tho learning again ftv-:n the fcio-s-ing- oaee — ' lVo're gsiuinf; on her.' '?We're overkauiisg- her' (ihit'a g-eauin* naatical). ' He's c&lr; foxia^, to let tie pass, and then he'll pass us.** 'Ifever mind,'' says I ; 'we'll risk a shout of triumph; novr tlicn, tb.r« cheers'.' ap.d u» wenfe three riuging hurnth.s. wellaaswered from tie wsai-ty we w«re passing. ' Xovr,' says 1, ' pet yo&r; Toiosa in order and join in the chorus.' Bole Britannia ( and right well we shoattd it. I was goinj: to write sang it ; but when 20 men try to slag oach lou-ie* than the other, the line wtica tlivides «=i^ifig from shouting is passed. The evening- sky wks calm, and the rosy sunset — but no, ttterc is no roesi for poetry, for a dark cloud of awful import was slowly pathcruig- on oar manly brows. ICobberr was sisikuijr like e. ghost through tiie chambers of our brains .' As we tsiked— each afraid to put the thought that swt.yed him into words — our furtive glances waaderr-d to th? Main hatch. But none dared to breathe the word. Slowly, one by one, as night came on. we went to bed — -no, we turned ia, but with the morning's lipht tbo thought that filled our minds wa« nuudf cst again ia floating looks at the main hatch ; for there ]»r bags, bags and bags of oysters! Ac we gucd at tJiRm, the eilence became oppr«p«Te until a mild young man remarked, ' How calm, it is.' ** But,' said I, ' our thoughts are not oalin. say, are they not * B-or&ter-otu; ' }' The joke was ua perceived. There bis moments when the mouth is full, I mean when the hecrt is f ail^no, when th* stomach is ?empty— but never mind, the joke was lost, but the idea was let loose. Every month opened, and every pair of lips smacked. The com of this combined smack wae so loud thai the captain thought the main brace had unspliced itself. In 1hm position of the vessel lie was ceocraxtliicalir norm 01 us, out ne came alt and be was South.' ilia presence quelled the impulse wliich every num oi na wished some other man -ronl'! c-W-j. But, «ith hi* experienced eye — I think it was his left eye, fox bat shut the right one — he ta.w andcooquereioiir resglr*. ' Who says oysters ?' says he. ConBrieaoe made «t« dumb. ' Because,' »sys he, ' if yon wast *«m yo» can hare 'em— by paring for 'em.' But perhar* 1 am letting out a socret— andyet, what is known to » scare of people cannot be a secret, nnless tiaey atvaU women. A concert in the evening, made possUe by a piano fixed on deck, a calm night, a kurejT motmag, &pney;'s glorious harbour, wilk lite awfu oontrsi^ of her mean and inooiamgdiotts wharres, made to* even calmly perceive the meUncooIy aspect of tb« city under the new licensing Act on a Saaiay morning. 