\- + - MABSIE. A wholosomo dread of prolixity, tempered by a not annataral desire to secure my read ers' immediate and undivided attention, im pels mo to speak out liko a man, and confess. without farther rcservo or clroamlooutlon, that this veracious chroniclo is neither more nor loss than tho record of as pretty a littlo IoveAffair ns over drew sigh from sympathetic bosom. Now, tho most interesting -person- ago in a love-story is, boyond all controversy, its heroine. And tho first dnty incumbent upon tho narrator of such a story is that of describing lib) hcroino in tha most glowing langusga his lion can command. Well, my boroino's narao is Mabsio. And, as a facetious young lady onco informed tha select but lim- ited social circlo in which I llava tha honour to revolve, Mabsio is " tho short forMab." This last announcement may ocom trivial to tbo unobservant, but it is not so ; for it gives mo tho opportunity of explaining that my pretty Mabsio was really named after tha famous httla potentate whoso aoaehmnn was " a small gray-coated gnat." And why not ? No fairy that over dancod In tho moonlight, In tbo good old times when fairies were as filsntUu! as blaekbcreicg, was half so litho, or islf so volatile, or half so delicately fashioned as aho. Moreover, tho circumstances, under which slio first bccamo " ono of as" wcro, to say tho least of it, nnnsual, if not oxactly romantta; though tho scone of thoir enact ment wns just, an ordinary matter-of-fact apartmont in tho Alexandra Hotel. To my temporary homo in that most picas, ant of metropolitan liOBtelrics I returned, ono ovening last summer, after a hard day's wprk in tho reading-room of tiio British Mnsoum, vory tired, vory mnoh bored by tho perusal ol a heap of grimy old M8S., and firmly, con vinced that tho operation of dining could no longer bo postponed without gravo doreliotion of a vory gravo duty. Dotermincd to perform that duty to tho best of my ability, I knooked at tho floor of an. adjoining chamber; des cribed my condition to a mombor of. my family, who Bccmcd to mo to bo tossing tho furniture olhor room from side to Bido.with reckless impotuosity ; and paused for a reply. I rccolvod ono, immediate, terse, and uttered in a tone of unwonted oxoitomont. " Come m. quiolt l and shot tho door." ' I oboybd, of CQurso ; and, seeing throe ohairs and a towl-horsa turned npsido down in tho middlo of the room, prepared to restore thom to thoir normal position : whereupon, a gray, brown, fluffy objcot, with a long, gray, fluffy tail, dashed past mo, liko a comot, and vanished behind tho wardrobo. , .'j What;- in tho name of wander, is that? I nskod ; 'not a littlo startlod by tho apparition and vory muoh astonished at tho snddennoss of its disajspearanco. " That is Mabsio'/' said tho mombor of my family., . '" Do. yon think ybh ' could catch hor.?"',.'" I thought! oonld ; And osBayod to movo tho : wnrdrobp, whioh, howovor, proved to bo so. in conveniently heavy that I reconsidorod the matter, and rang for! tho- waiting- maid, who dcalinod to interforo; on tho ground that sho was / frightened to donth of tho parrot.!' Tho " parrot," indeed ! Truly it is high timo that board schools wore established ovory whore. Scorning tho'- aid of so ignorant a domostio, I gayo another tug at tho pOndorous straoturo and succeeded, after ihueh painful; travail, in moving it nearly half , a quarter, of ah inoh from the wall ; when, straightway, tho fluffy, mass darted ovor my head, looked down upon mo with well-bred curiosity from the top of! tho bedstead, sat for a momont on tho handle of tho water jag, knooked over a' candlestick, and Anally; Bottled itself comfortably on tho mnntoipipco, ; Blessing Fata for. my opport unity—for! havo already hinted that I was famishing— I now mado a grab at tho. lurry meteor ; and was rewarded for my. pains with a volloy of abusive languago which would bayo loft Mark Twain's bluo, jays nowhere. As suredly,'- Miss MabBlo's education had not stopped Abort at tho " .rudiments" 'of invoot- Ivo. ' . Tho , stop from tho mantolpiooo -to tho win- dowrframa boing a more tnilo of somo ten or twolvo feot, or thereabouts, Mabsio accomp lished it ata singlo bound; and, seated on., a convonlont oross- bar, watched, tha ' morcmonts of tho oarriagos in Hydo Tarli; with manifest interest. Thcii I botnoiight mo'of diplomaoy. My friond's opon cago stood on! a taolo close by. Igently miovod it to tbq window, and, whilo Bho was ongaped in' oritiaiBing tho dross of a sovcroly aisthotio young lady who ocoupied tho/ scat ,ol honour m a barouoho - on tho opposito sido oi'tho road! my cautious relativo and I succeodedin'qaietly olbowing hor; into her normal habitation. I now, for tho first timo, had on opportunity of observing this remorkiiblo young person at my loisuro;.'and, truly, I no longer marvollcd at -lior ovidont disapproval , of hor icsthetio sister's habiliments. Her own garments were conceived in irreproachable taste, nud tha form tlioy clothed was perfect: Imagino a littlo body, about as largo as that of a fino full grown squirrel, covered with soft far, in whioli a thousand tints of gray and black and orango are so cunningly intermingled with each oljjcr that it is impossible to dcscribo tho rcsult-ng colour by any goncrio term. Imagino a wea faco, liko that of a dear littlo old lady, who hq? soon . muoh sorrow, bnt borne it so bravely that it has in no wiso dimmed tho .flash of hor bright brown oyes, though tho oxpression of certain sad lines around lior. pretty mouth is too patbotio to bo misundorstood. Imagino in tho middlo of this littlo lady's forehead, a Anowwliito patch, liko tha banileau ol a Sister of Charity ; and, , on olthor sido of her head,' A rich black plume/so light that it looks as it a breath would sorvo to dlsporsa it into infinite spaco. Finally, imagine, in.placo of thq little lady's hands, two dolionto brown paws ; in , placo ol lior blgli-heolod shoos, two woll-formcd ' foot, strong onough to hang by head down wards should occasion rondor suoh a proceed ing dcsirahlo, or to sit upon, or to leap witlial over n' grand pianoforte, or a Japanoso screen, or any other reasonable obstacle you chooso to placo in their way ; in lieu of liar train, pict ure to yourself, a tail, longer, than that appertaining tp tho grandest chat in tho chat eau ol tho Marquis do Carahan, gray! at ono season of tho yciir, arid, . at another, .marked with idtornato rings ol blaak and oinnamon!' Imagino all this, I say, and yoa will be ablo to form a tolerably , oorroot idea of. Mabsio'a personal appearanao; and will probably ba prepared to hoar that slia.is a marmoset— not I ol tno oommon kind usually sold in bird-shops but of a rarer, more dclicdtc, and -mora easily tamoablo spcoies, remarkablo for tho grace of its movements, th; gentleness of Its- disposit ion, and tho modest propriety . of its demean our (when not provoked to pnf tho bluo joys to shamo by tho voilcnco of Its. execra tions). Mabsio did not in tho least mind being looked at. I think sho rather liked it.-' When I offered her a picca of cako, sho pnt lior right haijd ont of tho oago and took it, with 'tho air of ono who was not only privileged to expect polite attention, bnt really did expect it. And sho ate her littlo morsel as delicately as tho osthctio young lady woald havo eaten an ice- wafer at a garden party. There can ba no doubt that that mite of cako cemented our friendship, for good and all; for wo havo novor, sinco I offored it to hor, had a dispute upon any. subject whatever. Indeed, tho look sno gavo ino was as good as a bond of trace, scaled, signed, and dclivored. So Mabsio becamo "ono of us." .And wo took hor down to onr quiet oountryjhomo, re joicing in tho possession of so dciightfnl an addition to onr family circlo. Albeit, I regret to Bay that her reception by certain mombors of that amiable confraternity was not al together snoh as wo conld havo dosircd. Tho truth is, wo— that is to say tho member of my family to whom I havo mora than once had occasion to alludo and myself — livo under a zoficracy. And among tha sooorats are cer tain dignitaries, who, not having been con sulted on this matter, took grlovons offonco at tho want of proper respect shown to thom by their interiors. MissTopsy, a black-and- tan toy torricr of exalted lincago, and such vory-cxnltcd-indced Ideas of her own sovereign rights that a sarcastio friend of mlno calls licr " tha homo-ralor" — MissTopsy, tho beloved, tho potted, tho spoiled, wonld not bo muoh as look at our now friend. Mistress Chloc, a Srincess of tho Pag dynasty, did Indeed con- csecndto look, and ovon to sniff; but evi dently with ho more friendly intention than that of discovering whether or not tho mass of fluff was good lor food. As for Mr. Itallo, seeing that lio would havo found no dillloulty whatevor In swallowing such a dinnor, cago and all, at a gulp, I thought it prudent to say nothing to him nbont tho matter ; hoping that in process of tima it might bo possiblo to strike ont somo lino of polioy equally ngrecablo to all partios. Mcanwliilo, thinking that Mabsio'a limb3 looked cramped after hor long journey, I took her into tho.dining-room, and sot her tree, tor a ran. A groy-blaok-and-orango flash darted instantly from tho'cago door- to tljo window- curtain. - At tho namo momont, a black-and- tan flash darted from andor my chair. By dint of superhuman alacrity, for which I am not gonornlly remarkable, I sncocodod in hooking my finger into the collar of tha last-named flash, for — say half a., second. ' By tha timo that half-second had oxpirod, MabBio was safo on tha curtian-polo, looking down upon tho world below, with lior head on ono sido, as who > should say, ' Dear friond, yoa really must run faster, if you do not want to loso sight of tho tip of my toil in tho distance.' Whereupon, MissTopsy confossod liorself fairly vanquished, tho Internecine feud oamo to' an ond ; and all parties agrood to dwoll togotlior in peaoo and unity. . Liko most spoiled boantios, , Mabslfl soon began to show signs of a -tompar 'delightfully capricious. Ono day /when a' lady (to whom I had imprudently desbrlbed her as a paregon ol affability) camo to sea her,' she. refasod to put as muoli as tho tip:of hor nosa oat of ooa until hor visitor had departed; whon sho immediately exhibited herself at her best — that is to say,' sho ate up a wliolo banana, and tore': my favorite pen-wiper to 1 shreds. ' Bho will sometimes remain inert all day, and rash about hor cago in tho ovening liko a mad thing or bo as livoly as a squirrel in tho ' morning, and retire, to rest. nt noon, to reappear no more until noon tho next day. Her ;alaim to tho sovereignty of tho ourtaiiv-pplo: remaining undisputed, sho : dobghte in porohing herself on its exact .-contra, and summoning all tho cither marmosots in tho world to hor Court, by .moons of a ory, whioli -wo. at flret' mistook. for a wliistlo, thongh1' subscquont; .observation proved it to'prbceod dlrcotly from thb lnngs. This ory is'very remarkablo. Thou inilos above tho range of ordinary soprano voices, it. is. a trno " ohest-noto.". A great iniisloian-tc; Herr Wagner, for instance — would dcscribe it as tho flvo- timcs-markod g, tho pitch of Wliioh is an ootavo higher tho!n that' of tiio liighest G on tho pianoforte I Tho note is always the same, and always repeated four!; times. , Thbn follows a pnnse of- a minute, or. thore-' Abouts ; .then another; fourfold, ory, followed' by another pauso, and-so on', - throughout an; cntirb afternoon. !: am hot superstitions. It taxos my orodulity to holiovo that two and two. mako four. But I do bcliero that this ory- is! . Masonio, and intelligiblo only, to marmosots of -high intollootual culture j and ! livod .for a long timo in doily hope ol hoaring soma Fast Master of tho Higher Initiation reply to it. . 'Wiser! than.- somo o( hor - human sisters, Mabsio novor sings ont of tano. When slio is '.'not in good voico" oho holds hor. poaoo. Sho hold hor poaco so long lost winter that wo began to foar-that sho muBt: bo seriously out ofhoalth. ; Bo I wroto to an oxporiencod keeper- at tho Zoological Gardens, , and 'en treated him to prosoribo for lior./Ho prescribed spongo-oakbs eteopod ia.oroam, and hot- honsa grapes. By dint .ol parsovoranca' wo Anecccdod,-at that nntimoly saason, in gottlng a very fow grapes,. at tho ;rato of.thrcoponco each; and of. thoso, Bho condescended just to -tasto onoor.two.of tho best. Tho oakes and cream were more snceessful, and havo over, since remained horfavourito food. Sha likes a grapo occasionally ; bnt, if disturbed! whilo eating it, droops it instantly, and novor stoops to piok it up. Wo thought, at first, that this was bocanso sho . did not really care" for tho frait ; but may not tho habit ho traced:. to a still mora natural eausa? A- banana, dropped lq tho forest, falls twohty foot at a strcteh ; and it would soareoly bo worth whilo to run. down after it, with a dozen, bunches of ripo frait hanging pi thin reach. Whon Mabsio drops a grape, sho docs not stay to oaloiilato tho distanca it as fallen, bat leaves it to its fato, and holds out hor hand for anothor. Still, thoro are troubles whioh neither grapes nor bananas, not oven cakes and cream can euro. . And, before very long, it bccamo so evident that our poor littlo Mabsio lacked something, that wa grow quite uneasy about hor. At last, it dayraod npon our. minds that that somothing might possibly bo a mate. To put tho question to tho test, wo showed her a looking-glass ; and hor attempts to caress her own reflection within it ; wore so pitcouBly touching, that wo determined to seek a suit-, ablo companion for. hor tho voiy noxt timo wa found ouraolvoo in Lopdon. Alasl tliera was not even a marmoset of tho common : whito-: wliiskored,Bpcolo3 exposed for solo in any shop wo visited. In this Bore strait, tiio friendly keeper suggested a visit to " JamraohA ;" where ho told mo Iwas quUo."sura to gat my monoy's worth for my iuonoy." So/ Iavcnded my way to. tho far East— not on tho-hump. of a enmol, but on-tha knifo-board of a BlaaltwnU omnibus— and, in duo timo,. fonnd myself in tho famous naturalist's monagorio, "whero I saw pit mannor of boastB, furred,' feathorod, ehollcd, and sealed ;, bnt, Apt so innoli.as tho ghost of q penoll-oarod nrnrmosot. 'Bo I was fain to contoht myself with a: promisa of tha earliest Intelligon co of an oxpco tod consignment. Meanwhile, well . knowing ' that no vnlgar animal was over permitted to' set foot within tho snored procinats of Mr. Jamraoh's vivarium I mtimntod my mtenso desire to mako acquaiq- anca with some of its inmates ; whoroapon I wns politely introduced to a blue-bird, a hon, an ooolot, a llama,' a mongoose, a mocking, bird, a tiger, a nonpareil, a bonnot-monkoy, a . . - ..I - laugliing-j'aokass, a dorsal Bquirre1;"nnd.a jer- \ 1)00. ,. /' ; ! . It seems invidious to descend to particulars in describing a company so traely select. Yet .- tlioroaro distinctions, oven among tho crifmo <16 la crime of tho -very bo3t society ; and - 1 1 had- not been long in tho prosenoe ol theso - distinguished representatives of tho haute ' ; iiohktte, before I. fonnd that my ability to re-, - sist their seductions oxtended only to tho first / ten.membors of tho aumist fraternity. To tho charms of tho remaining two I suconmbbd : there and -thon. The jorboa was simply- ino- sistiblo, with itB pretty hnre-liko face; its great black-byes as. round as marbles, its dainty littlo stilts, and the black-and-white tuft, liko a bnndlo of silk, at tho end of. its long litho tall. And thb dorsal squirrel ? Woll, its back was covered with Bolt black velvet, of A rich ness quite unapproochablo in theso degenerate days, though our grcat-great.graudmotliers may pcrhapshuvoworn somothing moro worthy to bo compared with it. ' Its sides wcro of orango- coloured satin ; and in place of a toll it waved abavo its book a glorious ostrich-fea ther, tinted with black and gray and richest tawny red, in infinite gradations which wonld hare defied tho pencil of J. M. W. Turner him. self. Yes; .to these two ennning enchanters I lost my heart on tho spot;' and, impatient to offcot their ransom, I causcd-thcm to bo sbnt that very day, to my room at tho Alexandra, where, in duo time, 1 retired to rest, with A caga at each end ol my bed. I dreamed that a regiment of Sappcra and Miners from tho Knightsbridgo Barracks was sawing tho houso to pieces. Pardon me, 0 bravo Lifo Guards, if yoa can. There is no limit to tho foolishness of dreams. Being only a lodgor, I did not feel myself called npon to interfere, until tho noise of somo hundred and fifty handsaws was suddenly succeeded by n dead silence. Then I awoke, in somo con fusion of mind; and, by tha glimmer of my nightUght, beheld a million jerboas skipping about tho roofti in ovory concolvablo direction, Suoh a multitudo of living creatures I never saw before; not oven intho bco-hivo. How ever, on lighting my candle,! found that I had mado a trifling mistake. Thoro was only ono jerboa. But that ono possessed tho powor of jamplng In a million different directions, and ntaring at mo from a million different points of viow, at ono and tho' samo momont. His movomontsweroso noiseless, nnd his long springs so inconooivably rapid, that tho cffoct thoy produced was that of a flickering shadow weaving its notwork from end to end of tho room in chequered linos which crossed and rccrosscd each other so swiftly, that it mado ; ono's head focl qnite dizzy to watch thom. Common sensa assured mo that firo minutes of snoh oxoroiso as that would sufilco to tiro out tho noblost-born 'jerboa that over traced back its descent to tho days ol Pharaoh Neeho ; so I Bnt down on tho sido of my bod/' and. qaietly awaited results. After tho lapso of three-quarters of on.liour, my faith in oommon sense began to waver. Twenty minutes later I found it dcsirablo to reject all ovidonca Bavo ..r- ' that based upon ozporienco; and, as tho re-r' sult l had awaited scorned ns far distant As \ : over, I ondcavourcd to propitiate my gobd \ fortune by ovort 'aots of interference with tho V, natural course of events. I throw! down a .' . .'piccoof oako— somo. bread— a, linlidf ul - of Indian corn. But my ohohantmonts wore in vain. I might as-well havo offored a siico ol - cold-bacon to BriilatSqvarin.-- Having pro- .vided all manner.ol moatS' for" tho entertain- meiit of my guests, I wOs enabled to. try; the- '> affect of a cabbaoe-leaf: - After takuurinstohfi ' ' bite : at this 'in passing, my ' friend jumped straight into tho fonder. I did the Same ; and AjirpriBcd him so mnoh by my ' unwonted ' i Agility, that ho stood /still To' stare, at ino! This littlo not of ' indiscretion lost Urn" tho ' : gamo: I caught him, point blank; and/ his - ' "own oago being bitten through and' through, — I put him into that belonging to tho 'Dorsal . Squirrel. Qnitoundiaturbcd by this summary proceeding,' ho instantly bepaq to. doVonY" ovory scrap of food ho found lq tho houso, to . thq infinite disgust, of its lawful ocoupant, ' who ourBCii him by liis gods in tones quite " ' awful to listen to. 1 It is needless to Bay that this distressing exhibition ol profanity was' completely thrown away. Unmoved by tho / > muttered oaths of liis irasciblo noighbour, tho' holdiEgjptiqn followed np his attaok; npon' \ the food/by proceeding to demolish tbo '-'cagq.'" Tho ono task was, -'dearly, quite" eq casy rto,';; . .' J him as tho'-' other, and his determination to -' mako"Bhort: work ; of it ; was ' so ptrongly ' : pro- nounoed, tlmt l ht onco recognised tho neces sity jof kaoping awako all' night; It. would / havo been a. weary watoh lor rao, had it not heon'so' inexpressibly Amusing. But, to my . infiflite deh'ght, qt tho first blush of down, my , ' ! tormentor foil last asleep — and so did I. Tho ' , / ri'oxt!day being Sunday,' tho impossibility' of proonrjng aAtronger oago impressed mo with' Afqoling very- neorij ' akin, to dismay. To- ' wards eventide, however, tllo hotel;porter, tO whom I hod confided my. tronblo, . was visited with an inspiration! ' Ho broright mo A hugo : ! wire/rat-trap, sttong'onough to havo A'atisfiod tho, gaolors of , Potiphar himself /And tliiB, ' ;// ;- nnmfArtii'hlv YifvV1/1nf1"\vitVi 'tnur.Yftrmnrl ii nnnis " vonient habitation fromwhicli tho compatriot '.1'. of the Pliarnohs' coaid 'in no wise offoet/his , "j osoapo. -So/ that night', I ripptin peae sott! ; ing all the-'Sappore and Minora in tho; world' ' , atdcfiancp. - "' '-' ''/. ' " '-:/ " : Two days later; I rocoivod notico'of a small . / consignment, of marmosets, apoong whiohil ' was /fortnnato; onough to' find a/Paok'wh'o seemed to mo really: worthy of -our/pretty, Mabsio.. If I' wore only just , tho least littlo : " ' bit in tho world sentiraontnl—whioh loin not - ' —I wonld't tq.dosoribo tho'first mooting of1'. "'/.', tiio gentio lovcra. - But, Binco experience lioa taught mo over and over again, -that'- -.my-' pqA ' / is unequal to tiio task bf , depicting qnythrag :' - a at all connected with tho riso and progress bf ' tho tender passion, all I can : say is, that 'thq-' intcrviow was most touching/ and tho' suocoss! , " /; of onr matchmaking experiment unbohnded ' / !-, The transports of the honoymoan subsided, . V,' ih proooss of time; into a 'qrnot. sort of Darby- ana-Joan affootion; exceeding bcantiful tobo- hold; And tho happy: pair are sitting/ At - this moment, sido by side upon tho curtain ' ' f i polo nodding thoir lioqds at oaoh othorAvith a' gravo dignity qnito undlatnrbod by tho. ' gambols of tho 1 jorboa .bonoath them, ' and soareoly. raffled oven by tho -poriodioal visits / / ; ol tho dorsal squirrel, whd rnna np, - ovory '/ : '. fivo 'minute's or so, to require , how thoy find thomsolves. - lam not quite /sure .that I ! liavo 'over seen' a. 'fist young / oonplo 'of ' . ! '' tho hnman spccias hchayo so couttcouHly in tbo presonco ol a treublcsomo visiter ; though' ; "///'. I niakOno doubt that our grandfathets and './ / grinilmuthors wire ! ovory wliit . as ' graceful ' ; " ' and -as digrifled;: 'Weill.! ani.'fqrid of' dig- - nlty myself, and I confess that my sympathiiea , ; are entirely on' tho sido of our venorabla pro- - , go'nitors, and on that of the two tiny creatures; / ; / who so'prottily remind mo of thcnii-and who ' are oonvorairig togother, as I :ivrito, with such' / "'/ inoffablo politeness, that I/protost I feel quite "; ; ashamed of tho roughness of-my poor hutaan' ; / > manners. Per Jovem l Mabsio is patting -an / : her. olieek to bo/patted /'and Pnok la oot.': ; / ' nally patting it 1' May, thoy Uvo happily to-' gotherfor over tiftor I . '- : ' - '/' . ' " w. B.nooKBino. 1 : //.,.-';; " Tho teacher of n country sohool,"; oon- tinnoa'tho'snraq correspondent, fi onoo pur- ' bhascd at. my brother's Btora Artcmus Ward's: book as a prizo: to bo Awarded in liis ; sohool. v / Tho pupil who -received it was a young man, , . : to whore: tho toaaher remarked that if ;hq. ; : . : wished somo other .book ho could oxchangn , . .' it. A fow days afterwards tbayoatli oamato- ; tho store andv asked, to -havo : it axohangad.- . - . Don't you hko it ?' said my brother, '-Well/. . , said lie, ' the rcadm' is tolerabla good, but tha jpelfia' ain't right I ' "—Uaqicr'iMagatinc, 