TURF GOSSIP. Bx AUGDB. The weights for the Melbourne Cap were declared on Wednesday, and were posted outside the V.R.C. office, it was expected that Darebin or Commotion woald be top weight, bnt I donbt if the moat ardent admirer of Darebin ever imagined that the son of Luiline would be called apon to con cede 61b. to Commotion, who had always proved the better animal over a distance of ground. With the weights op 71b. above previous yean, bat little faalt can be found with Darebin's weight, bat there certainly should not have been more than a pound between him and Commotion, though over a mile and a half the brown could probably give the bay 61b. I think Commotion holds ( everything safe down to First Water, and thence to The Drammer, Boeworth, Street I William, and The Czar, all of whom are well in. Then I should pass over everything until reaching Mulatto, Gudarz, and Santa Claue, after which I fancy Stockwell, The Gem, Paul, Koh-i- noor, and Hereford Bay. The Gem is fairly pitchforked in, bat because his late owner was disqualified, perhaps Mr. Barnard is desirous of affording him some consolation. Ee was qoite one of the best two year olds of his season, and though he haB not since performed, and could not have shown that ne had lost form, Mr. Barnard throws him in at 7st 41b., which, under the old order of things, would have been 6at. 121b. lit and well I don't see why The Gem should not win easily; but the question arises is he eligible to run ? Paul is fairly well in, and BO is Hereford Bay, while of the three years old I like nothing so well as Promotheus and Coalston. Se genboe at 7st, 121b" and Navigator at 7st. 91b. don't look promising, and those who took thousands to fifty that the former won the Derby "and Cap cannot feel quite so com fortable now. Of the extreme light-weighta, The Queen looks as well as anything. In the Metropolitan,, where Mr. Scarr haB commenced with Grip at 9sb, Mulatto, Sar donyx, Gudarz, The Gem, Strathearn, Paul, and Saionara look to me to bethebeston napei: and foe the Hawkesbucy Handicap Mulatto, Saionara, Strathearn, Paul, and Bryan. O'Lynne appear to me to have the beat of thewttghts. Mr. & Frsnck doeB not appear to coincide with my view that there are better totalisers than his, and has issued a challenge to match his instrument against any other for £50. He writes to say that the Patent Totalisator Company has been registered, and shareholders are invited to attend a meeting to be held at Asche's Union Club Hotel on the 28th inst., to elect directors of the club. * As thf V.B.C. has determined to exact a fee of £26 per year from bookmakers, it will be only a matter of justice that the reputable (members of the sing should be protected from the incursions of the welshen, who generally make a jcud upon the saddling pad dock before the last race of the day, I be* lieve nearly, if not quite, all of the recog nised members of the ring have sent in their names to be-licensed; and I'm told that among other applicants are soms very shady characters, and it will be the duty of the V.R.C. committee to see that only worthy men are allowed to make a book in the pad dock. ? Owners and breeders are remiadedtbattbe South Australia, Stakes of 18®J, &A.J.C.; Derby of1883, and St. Letm of 1884 elose at i p.m. oft Tuesday n«rt7&th; TM»f: named event, isltor two-year*olds, «nd will be tun at the »utumn fnefciitt.-the St. Leger will also be decided in the faliof the year. The club contributes 100 sova. to ons.and ISOkovs. tojthe^tbe*.^ AsVictoianswiUbe SSy ^finoffoigeito nominate lfSwally for theseeventa. ? i Mr. John WUsondidaot«Ulior Indta fsjt wsik.ss the foUowing) br". the Adelaide Obtentr will thow.-- Mr. John Wilsan sad Wktsott w^re ;tb have galled fo* India jMt Tufcdayta the Rollo withSirPeter and hli companions, hut un fortunately a difficulty ^arow ^Ith rtferenoe f^fnw W Pfv'S P**» Cbalwin, the veterinary surgeon, and the ship bat been detained pending, the bearing of thecase in the Port Adelaide local coart. Mr. Wilson was anxious to have the beating take place at once, and paid the amount in dispute into oourt; bnt aa the plaintiff and bia witnesses were not prepared to goon,1 there was nothing for it bnt to delay the sailing of the ship. It is very hard lines on the spirited circus proprietor, aa he is spaying £60 a day demurrage through the postpone ment oi the ahipTs departure. There are abont 200 horses on board altogether, the shipment being valued at £10,000. Mr. E. J. Htinter leaves for India to-day in the good ship Carisbrook Castle. He takes with him over 200 well-bred horses, which have been carefully selected with a view to meet the requirements of the Indian market. Most of tbem were raised in the Western District, which may be regarded as a nursery for the trade, the horses bred there pos sessing plenty of size and bone with good breeding, iiany of these hordes are by Panic, Slanderer, Patriarch, Little Fish, Croagh Patrick, and The Shah, BO that on the Bins' side thay ate all right, and being from well bred mares, they should just suit the Indian traders. Mr, Hunter also takes Bunyip, a pretty smart animal, and several cross country horses, which ought to find a ready sale among the lovers of BteeplechaBing. The second payment of 1 BOV. for the Albwy MareB' Produce Stakes of 1883 must be paid to the secretary, Mr. C. Ten Brink, on or before Saturday, July 1. Now that A. Davis has completed bis cot tage, be baB a moBt comfortable establish ment at Flemington. I paid him a visit a few days ago, and had a look through his well-kept boxes, which contain some very promising animals. I don't think I've ever Been a finer specimen of- the thoroughbred tban uolden Butterfly, a twoyear-old eon of Tubal Cain and Calumny. He is a very dark, hard-looking cheanut, standing quite, if not over, 16 bands. One seldom sees bo big a horse bo well-shaped, his only fault being a Blight shortness in the neck. Hia barrel is something to see, being very deep, with plenty of length in the back ribs. "With great power over htB loins, and wonderful propelling power, 8si 101b. Bhonld never trouble him much, and aa Davis is not hurrying hira, but giving him a nice gradual preparation, he should have him just ready for the Derby, though so big a colt should shape better at the back end of the season than in the spring. Davis also has some promising candidates for Maribyrnong Plate honours, notably a brother to Sweet William, a brown colt, with all the characteristics of a racehorse, show ing fine quality, with plenty of size; and Forward, oy Tubal Cain from Coquette, is a remarkably nice youngster. I liked very much a couple of compact evenly- built colts, one by King of the Bins from Phoebe, and the other by Maribyrnong trom Guelder Rose. He has two smart-looking youngsters in a fiUy by Quambone from Lady of Linne, and a colt by Angler from Capella. Robert the Devil, full brother to Quambone and Napper Tandy, is growing apace, wad though he may not prove a Derby horse, a little handicap or two should fall before him. Respite still occupies a place in the - stable, and Lady Ellen, who won the Newmarket Handicap, has a email paddock all to herself. The Avoca meeting, held last week, was moderately successful. Mr. Buhlert was aa energetic as ever, and worked with a will to make things go smoothly, and Mr. Bradshaw shaped well in his position as starter. The special train from Melbourne was pretty well patronised, and I'm told that one or two of the rowdy division managed to get passages without tickets, so the railway anthorities had better keep a sharp look-oat for these gentry. Before the train left Avoca on the retnm journey, Mr. Joseph Thompson dis covered one, for whom anxious inquiries were being made by the landlady of the hotel, upon whom he had passed a bad half sovereign, and he not only made the delin quent return the change, but refused to allow him to journey to Melbourne in the train, a proceeding that met with the ap probation of all Bare the few friends of the individual concerned. Beadsman once more Eroved his usefulness by winning a couple of andicaps, and I'm sure everybody was glad to see Mr. H. Conoliy have a turn, for he well deserves it. Mr. George PyerB was suc cessful thrice, and it was stated that bis horses were trained by George Goodie, who was disqualified some time ago. He was on the course, 1 believe, but I don't know whether he acted as trainer to Mr. Pyers. Those who were present tell me there was a great deal of dissatisfaction at the scratching of Gonzago for the Flying Handicap. He was taken up by train, and on the strength of his presence the bookmakers laid fair odds on tbe double, the Town Plate and Flying Handicap. Squireen and Beadsman were the favourite selections of a certain party, and Gonzago was struck out, so that. after Squireen won the Town Plate, Beadsman had an ea«y thing in tbe Flying Handicap, and tbe ring men, to use their own term, were "bashea up "nicely. ! A lad named Tom Tidley, in the employ of Mr. J. EL Savttl, of Adelaide, was on Satur day last kicked by one of the horses in tbe Lockleys team, and the poor little fellow died while being conveyed to the hospital. The first Saturday in October having [been chosen by the V.A.T.C., the Melbourne Hunt Club will this year hold its spring meeting on Saturday, September 80. The S.A. City and Country states that after tbe late Adelaide meeting a New Zealand bookmaker paid & lost bet of £70 by cheque, which was found to be not worth the paper it was written on. It has been decided by the Victorian Trot ting Club that the great prise 500 sova. shall be trotted for on March 17. instead of in January, as at first proposed. This altera tion will clash with the Kyneton fixture, and Siite SOO people that would have attended e trotting meeting will go to the pretty little counter town. However, the committee of the V.T.C. contend tliat St. Patrick's Day being a holiday, the general public will attend in greater numbers. No doubt, but it will take 8,000 to make tip for the 800 that will go to E^neton. : .. Tbe Hon. Thomas Jteibey will in all pro bability send both of Jbi« colts (Stockwell and Begot) to Melbournein tbe spring. I m glad to sly that both are doing weu nnder the fostering care of Tibballs, who was formerly in Mr. E. Howie's service. I believe Bggot has improved considerably, and it is a pity that be Is not engaged in our Derby. How ever/ ibe Tasmanians are likely to have an; able representative in Hobart, a fall brother to Me]fiourn«. ThIs"fine sou of Panic showed better fona aa a to? year old than most of the family, end ks he it boond to improve with time it is qolte within the bounds of possibility that tne' biae riband of Victoria ina?4»ce m<m ife'twito to ttieliltl*iaitaid acton theStraite: I .believe Hobart andjChe Queta, bother ^omeire engaged in the Mel gurne Cup, are to tie trained at Kyneton by r. C. 8. AgnewV trainer* Clare, "who tho roaghly imdentanda hi* business. * Tbe oondaot of the A.J.C, committee ' in refusing to adopt jhe rules proposed py (be pfulvfuw jfbich sat. eowe two*;* ago bae formed a fruitful topic of diri cuBBion daring the .out week. - The excuses of the committee of the AJ.C, are regarded at mere subterfuges put forth to bolster tap a; bad case. It is argued that the rales having been agreed to by members of the (fro clubs, it was the doty of the A. J.C.to poipt oat thoBe which were objectionable -ana propose amendments.' The difficulty of * Hoeing Calendar could have been got over easily enough by not publishing one in New South Wales, and the other obstacle could have been removed by appointing the whole of the committee stewards. No doubt some of the rales are susceptible of improvement, that relating to transfers for instance, but on the whole they are well framed, and it is to be regretted that the A.J.C. should have refused to meet the views of the V.R.C. MeBsrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold privately this week on account of Mr. H. Fisher, the well-known racehorse Courtenay, 5 yrs, by Yattendon from Mandragora (imp.), to leave tbe colony. I believe the horse re turns to New Sonth Wales. A branch line of railway is to be extended to tbe Williamstown racecourse. Mr. W. J. O'Brien, formerly a very popular proprietor of Tattersall's Hotel, Sydney, died a few dayB ago. Rhea has been scratched for the V.A.T.C. Ladies' Trophy, and Seven Hills for the Gold Cup. Mr. George GlasBcock has become the owner of the Adelaide steeplechaser, Erin. It is understood that Mr. EL Phillips in tends to proceed with his action against Mr. William Lang for the detention of Pell Mell; damages, £4,000. Report eayeth that the V.A.T.C. intends to charge bookmakers an annual fee of £10 for tbe right of betting within the enclosure at Caul field. There has been some betting on the V.A.T.C. Ladies' Trophy, King's Head, Tumult, Gonzago, Transferred, Squireen, and others having received support at 100 to 6 and 100 to 7. The Victorian Trotting Club will hold a meeting at Elsternwick-park on Saturday, AuguBt 12, when a Maiden Trot of 40 sovs., and a purse of 60 BOVS., for hones that have not beaten three minutes, will comprise the Erogramme. The first event will be mile eats, best two in three, and the second wtll be mile heats, best three in five. Entries close at the secretary's office, Kirk's Bazaar, at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, August L After residing in Victoria for nearly 20 years, Mr. William Filgate has returned to Adelaide. It will be remembered that he came over to take charge of the celebrated Maribyrnong stud, and during his connexion with that establishment he won many races with Lantern, The Sign, Angler, Rose of Den mark, Smuggler, Fishhook, The Dane, Lady Heron, Sonr Grapes, Fenella, &c.; Subse quently he carried off the Ascotvale Stakes and Derby with Lapidist Latterly Dame Fortune has frowned upon him, but 1 hope that in his old home he will again take a prominent place among the racing men of Australia. Cora was the only animal Bold at the sale held at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday. Satisfactory entries have been received for the winter meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, and should the handicaps be in keep ing, there ought to be Bome grand sport on the Flemington course next month. For the Maiden Hurdle Race there are 29 entries, and that this event is popular is made manifest by the number of good flat-racers that have been nominated. Master Avenel, for instance, has made himself famous by winning the Caolfield Cup. Pollio has gained a name for himself by proving triumphant in the Aus tralian Cop. Canary carried off the Brisbane Cup, and Belladrnm, Mulatto, Petrel, Don Quixote, Crystal, ana Mesalliance have all distinguished themselves upon the flat. The Maiden Steeplechase has 19 engaged, the best public performer being Handy Andy. The Grand National Hurdle Race has an entry of 29, and for the Grand National Steeplechase there are 18, Himalaya, Twi light, Left Bower, Stag, Chrysalis, Great Western, and Blackall being among the num I ber. In the Selling Hurdle Race there are 18, and &e; some very fair animals are engaged and entered to be sold for small sums, this, should prove a very interesting conteBt. The flat race has been most liberally patronised, no less than 30 horses having been nomi nated. All going well, there should be Bport indeed at Flemiugton on the 22nd July. Mr. Barnard issued the V.A.T.C. handicaps on Monday, and not even the Melbourne Cup could have been more eagerly scanned than was the handicap for the Ladies' Trophy. An analysis of Mr. Barnard's handiwork resulted in an almost unanimous opinion that the two year oldB had the best of the weights. Larpent, a very speedy horse over the distance, has been awarded top weight, and next to him come Respite and Sir Joseph, both Bmart animals over six furlongs, and Belladrnm follows. Liberator once displayed a brilliant turn of speed, and so did Mercury, but both have been on the shelf latterly. Haidee of the Hills and Verdure have both showngoodformlately. Gonsagoiswellenough in at 8st., and so is The Ghost Tumult is a smart horse, and Spite a very fine filly, but Beadsman, who has won several races lately, is better in than either. If Cooreena be as well as when she beat Darebin in a nursery, she should be hard to beat, and Transferred at 7st. 81b. reads as well as anything, for when in the humour he is an undoubted good colt, and when his present owner secured him for 160 guineas he obtained one of the cheapest bargains of the season. Squireen too i| well in, and Mistake, Coulston, Egerton, Buzza, Scipio, Roottree, ana Granville, all appear to me to have a chance. There is nothing very grand in the Steeple chase, and if Breechloader starts and does not fall, he may prove the most troublesome of the top weights, and in the Gold Cup the South AuBtralian, Erin, a fine Btamp of a hunter, lookB 88 well in as anything. : While out at Flemington a few days ago I bad a peep in at the pretty little structure that has been provided for the press men to watch the horseB in training. It iB quite a work of art, and as it is reported that Mr. Byron Moore intends to provide coffee royal and cigars during the touting season turl reporters may anticipate a real good time. The ranger was making preparation for planting trees in the centre of die training ground, and I believe a tow is to be planted alongside the main drain which divides the training ground from the course proper. D. Lawson, once well-known u a jockey in Mr.' De Meati*'* etable, Ma had obe of his una* broken through « boree rearing up »ad falling overtipon him. , .* ' . . ; , Oflbe^Tf nominations received £or th«j Hawkeabury Gaineea, only eevanhailfroat Victoria, |(r.{Bi J» Bother and-Measis. M. Jacobs have, entered three etoh. Mr. Saqui being tits other nominator from ihia aide. ; of theYJotomti Glo* CommotioD, packed for race meeting tftMo¥pb6tvim on and it was interesting of the presence" o! a Colt tg thfr V.R C. Derby. ThisJl tolf brother to Darebih, MtMjwmWBfflne too. He ran for the Victoria Gap(-aiid-»ere]r giving his opponents a chaitoe, woa «l w# way, Tyropean btfhg seeOnd, and "Topa* third. If all goes Weil with this good^ocwlnt Bon of Tabu Cain and Lnriine, be will worthily represent South Australia in the conteBt for oar blae riband. Encounter was successful in the Hurdle Raoe, Hotspur won the Steeplechase, and a handicap fell to Toonketchen. The "Ladies' Bracelet" trophy, to be ran for at the Victoria Amateur Racing Clab meeting on the let of July, is on view at the manufac turers, Brash and Drummonid'a. It is a very handsome diamond and sapphire bangle., value £130, composed of seven large and beau tiful sapphires and fourteen diamonds, set in a narrow open band of gold of exquisite work manship. The second prize fa ap&ir; of gold bangles, value £16 15s., one plain and th6 other richly engraved. The third prize is an elegant fan, The same firm have prepared the JS50 gold cup,to be competed foronth» same day. It is notso large as the astral gold caps, bat the firm have succeeded in producing a perfect little vase. For the Aagdst meeting Mr. JTno. Quirk presents a gpld cap value 100 guineas, and this also is in a forwardetate. The design is altogether different in form from previous gold cups, and instead of ' resting upon the uBual ebony pedestal, it stands upon silver, embellished with racing designs. The Caulfield Cnp, value 200 guineas, the Sift of Mr. Arthur Blackwood, will likewise e prepared in the atelier of Messrs. Brush ana Drummond. The design, which has been supplied by the donor, is a copy of a most unique vase in his possession; it is of a classic shape, and when finished in colonial gold Bhonld prove a very handsome trophy. These prizeB are all to be of colonial manu facture, which is not the least gratifying fea ture in connexion with the donations. I beleve Mr. J. A. Roberts has another valuable trotter on the way from America. It is a young stallion with a capital pedigree, and as he has promised well in the States hopes are entertained that he may outshine everything that has yet been introduced. The announcement "that the V.T.C. is to con tribute each a princely sum as 500 sova. to bo trotted for has given quite an impetus to the eport, and I fatly expect to see the winner trotting well into the twenties, for the track will be in better condition than it was when opened, and horses like Sparkle and Ver mont Junior, to say nothing of the prospec tive importa tions, should beat 2m. 30a. " From Sydney, I leam that Mr. Mahony, a promising young artist, who gained great praiBe for bis portrait of Zulu, has just com* pleted an excellent likeness of the M&riby; nong Plate winner, Segenhoe. And apropos of portraits of distinguished winners, I may mention that our own artist, Mr. Fred. Woodhonse, has added to hie gallery capital likenesses of Wellington and Pollio. Photo graphs from these pictures have been splendidly coloured by one of the younger, branches of the Woodhonse family, and the admirers of the celebrated Wellington, or the handsome little Pollio, should not fail to procure copieB. At a meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club it was decided to adopt the proposed V.R.C, rules. ThiB club also intends to publish a Racing Calendar on its own account, in op position to the S.A.J.C., but will forward advertisements to the Jockey Club calendar, their own being issued, aB they allege, aB a protection in the event of a rival club refusing [ to insert their advertisements in case of the dateB clashing. It will be remembered that the Adelaide Racing Club peremptorily re fused to endorse the V.R.C. disqualification of Mata; bntnow that there is danger ahead, the managers are down npon their knees. No doubt Messrs. Blackler and Ferry deserve every credit for the manner in which they have carried out the affairs of the old course, but when they have recouped themselves for their outlay, paid the interest on the money expended, and allowed a liberal sum for their time and trouble, they should allow the other members of the club to have something to Bay in the financial management. At present Messrs. Blackler and Ferry are supreme, and will allow no interference in the money mat ters of the club, so that under existing arrangements they can make £5,000 or £6,000 a year for themselves. It is a pity the S. A J.C. and the A.R.C. do not work a little more harmoniously. I understand that the V.R.C. has called upon two or . three country clubs to explain why certain disqualified jockeys were allowed to ply their calling at their respective meet ings. If the explanations are not satisfactory, the advertisements of their ..meetings will probably be erased from the calendar. Referring to the horses in training at Rand wick, the Sydney Sportsman says: - "The past week of fine mornings has been taken advantage of by several trainers,. who have had their charges ont at Randwick before breakfast. Those who have been frequent attendants are Messrs. T. Ivory, J. AUsop, M. Fennelly. H. Rayner, J. Ashworth, T. Lamond, Ross, Monagnan, and M'Carty. The majority of the nags appear tp have wintered well, Segenhoe especially so, and if the Derby crack goes on improving, the contests for the " blue ribands are all over bar the Bhouting. Old Strath earn has madtt his re-appearance looking all the better for: hia spell, and Jimmy Ashworth Jb as much, in love with the handsome brown horse as. ever. Sardonyx Is also at good work, and shows very little signs of his strain, «o that he is likely to be heard of amongst the handi caps before the spring is over. The Hon. J. White has. as usual, a long string of yearlingek to be put throngh the mill, the most notioe able being a colt by Marybyrnong from, Ches wick's dam, and Aberfoyle, « i fall; brother to Woodlands and Hecla." If b stated that Comet, -who won twin racst frrtj Northern'Jockey club meeting, haib&wptW; tested against on the ground th&t; lxe wl previously ran in another name.- > ./. Scratching for the Melbourne Cuphas com menoed early, Euclid RRd fcaving been struck out yesterday.'; 