WIT AND HUMOR. "WHY did you send me such a barrel of apples?" indignantly exclaimed a mau to his grocer. " What ailed the apples ?" asked the grocer. "Why, tbey opened well enough on the top, but grew worse all the way down." " The trouble was," said the grocer, " that you opened the barrel at the wrong end. If you had opened the other end first you would have found the. apples growing better all the way down." HE was squirting tobacco juice all over the sidewalk and tapping on a dry-goods box with buck-horn handled knife, and finally he heaved a deep sigh and said, " No, gentlemen, no. Them good old times has gone forever. Wesball never Bee no sich times agin." « How ?" asked one after a long pause. "Waal, in lots o' wavs. In the rust place folks don't use each other as they once did. I leave it to you, stranger, ir thev do ?" No, sir, was the prompt reply of the man, who had stopped to enquire his way to the depot." Thirty years ago the more tobacco juice you fpit on a man's boots the more he loved you, hut if you squirt any more of the stuff in my direct. tion, I'll make your back mop the eidewalk, old as yon are." THE PoLicESiiN.—What is the difference between a policeman having a glass of ale on his beat and a publican's license ? One is drinking on duty, ana the other duty on drinking. Why is» policeman likes bellringer? Because he is apealer. When is he like an intoxicated Irishman? When he ia Pat-rolling. Whsnis he like a victorious volunteer 1 When he's got his bull'seye. What police-officer is like a publichouse ghost 1 An inn spectre. When is a policeman like a solicitor ? When he charges a prisoner.. When is he like a chess player ? When he takes up a man and moves another on to the next square. Why is he like a pistol? Because he makes a report when he goes off—duty. How is it that a policeman is seldom more than a month in the force before he obtains a watch ? Give it up. Don't know. Too personal. A DETBOITEK who had occasion recently to visit Gratiot county was invited to a spelling Bchool in a distant schoolhouse, and he reached the place to find it crowded, and deep interest apparent in the audience. The spelling soon began, and in a little time only six or eight contestants were left. One ol these was a giant named William Jones, and it was evident he had come there to conquer. When he spelt jealousy with a "g," they tried to make him sit down, but he rapped on the desk with his big fist, and replied, " I don't know nuthin' 'bout WebBter or any other loreigner, and I don't care. I've alius been used to spellin' it ' gealousy,' and I ain't goin' to knock off to please a few woodchucks." As be would not sit down, he was allowed to go on spelling, even after he had missed several more words. At laBt only the Detroiter and Big William had the floor, and while the last was struggling with the word ' sympathy,' a window near the former opened softly, and a man whispered, " Say, stranger, can you spell ' chrotno ?'" " Of course, I can." " Well, it's going to floor Bill, and don't you forget it, and the teacher sent me round here to say that you'd better climb out and skip before the climax comes." " What climax ?" " Why, the one we had a month ago. That 'ere Bill went down on the word 'euphony,' and the chap from Iowa who was left standing had to be carried home in a blanket. When Bill gets through with ' sympathy' the next word will be ' chromo,' and you'd better start it off • k-r-o,' or be ready to jump through this winder and make for the woods, for that 'ere Bill is bound to outspell this deestrick, if he has to iick every human bein' in it!" The Detroiter bad a good eye for harmony in chromos, and he wisely permitted Big Bill to be the last one left standing.— Detroit Free Press. 