[?] .TtVO OH A -TOftER. BY THOMAS HARDY, Actiior- or ",Far From thk 'Maddim Crowd. " v . "OHAITER'XXH. . ' , 'Lady Constantino .firing do\vn tho old-fashioned, lacework; whoso' beauties sho had. boon pointing, out to Swjthiri, and qxcliiimetl, "Who'ean it bo —not Louis, suroly ?" , : t!"; They, listened. '-Aij arrival wiis such aiphc- nomerion at this nOfroquoritotl mansion, and pari . ticnlarly a late nrriyhl, that' no servant was on- tho alert to respond lo'.tho call ; and tho visitor rang mora loudly than boforo.. Sounds of tho, tardy opening and shutting of. ii passage, door from. tlio kitchen quarter, then roaohod their, ears, : and Yivietto .went into tho corridor to hearken' mora, attentively In a. fow. minutes she ,ro- .tinned, to tho, dressing room,, in which .fibs had lcftSwitlijn. "Yes : it is my brothor," she said,., with difli- ctilt composure. "I just caught. his. voicb. 'Ho, lias.no doubt come back, from Paris to stay. This, is nrathor vexatipo.indolont way ho.has, never' to write to.proiiaro.one." " I can oasily.go away,", said Swithiu. By this time, .liowqver, Jior .brotlicr .had been shown into the house, .and. , tho -footsteps of tho pago were audible, coming. in search of Lady Con- stantinc. "If yon will wait there a momont," sho cried,! directing. St. tjlc.ovo , into, her boilroom, which' adjoined. " You will, bo, quite safo from inter ruption, and 1 will quickly come buck." Taking tho light she left h im. Swithin waited in darkness, .Not more than ten minutes had . passed whpn n whisper in, her voice camo through the hoyholc. , Ho opened the door. " Yes ;.he is. conic, to. stay I" slio said. "Ho is at supper now." " Very well don't ho Hurried, ilearost. Shall I stay too?" "Ql,,.Swlthili-I fear ,not !". sjio , replied, anxiously. " You see Low it is. To-night wo bavo broken tho arrangement that you should never como here, and.this is the result. Will it oilond you if— I ask you to leave ?" " Not in tlio loast. Upon tlio wholo I prefer tho comfort of my little cabin and homestead to tho gauntness and alarms of this place." ' "There now; I fear you are olfondodi" sho said, a tear collecting in lier eye. "Would that- I was going back with you to tlio cabin! How happy wo were those three days of our stay . there. But it is hotter, perhaps, just now, tlmt you should leave me. Yes ; these rooms aro op pressive. Thoy roquiro a largo household to mako - them cheorful. . . . Yet Swithin," she ad ded, after, refiection, " I will not request you to go. Do as you think host, I will light n night: light, and leave yon hero to consider. For my self, I must go downstairs to my brother at once, or he'll wonder what I am doing." Sho kindled. tho little light and again rotroatod, closing tlio door upon him. Swithin stood, and .waited :some time, "till he had considered -that upon the wholo it would be preferable -to learn With this intention he emerged and went softly along the dark passage towards tho oxtreme ciul, whoro there was a little crooked staircase that would conduct him down to a disused side door. Descending this 'he duly arrived at the other sido of the house, facing the quarter where tho -wind blew, and ho was surprised to catch the noiso of rain beating against the windows. It was a state of weather whieh'fully accounted for the visitors impatient- ringing. St. (Jleovo was in a minor kind of dilemma. ' Tho rain romindod him that his hat and groat' coat had 'been left downstairs in the front part of tho house, and though he might have gono home without either in ordinary weather it was not a pleasant feat in : the polting winter rain. Retracing his stops to wards Vivictto's- room,. .lie took tho light -and oponcd a closot door in tho corridor, that ho had seen ajar on1 his way down,; it was a closotln which'hung various articles of apparel, uphol stery lumbor of all kinds filling the back part. , Swithin thought he might find hero a cloak of hers to throw round him; but finally took down5 from a peg a moro suitable garment— tho only ono of the sort that was there, ft was an old moth-eaten great coat,, heavily trimmed with fur, and in- removing it a companion cap : of seal-skin 'was disclosed. "Whoso can tlioy be?" ho 'thought, and a gloomy answer suggested itself. "Foob," ho then said (summoning the scientific side of his nature.) "Matter is matter, and, mental.assoeiation only a dolusion." . Putting on the garments bo roturncd'tho light'to Lady Con- Stahtino's dreBsingroom, and prepared to depart asbofore. . Scarcely had ho regained the corridor a second time when, ho heard a light 'footstep, seemingly Tiviette, 'again on the front , landing, ' 'Wondering What sho Wanted with him further, ; ho waited, taking the.preoaution to stop into tho closet till sure it was she. The figure camo on- ward, bontto the koyhelo of the bedroom ; door, and whispered— "Swithin ; on second thoughts I think you might stay with safoty." Having no farther, doubt of her personality, he camo out with thoughtless abruptness from 'the elosot, be hind her, and looking round suddenly she behold hissbadowy outline. Raising hor hands in horror, .'as' if 'to protect herself from him, she 'uttered a shriok and turned shuddering to the wall. . He came 'still' 'nearer, and - alto crouched com- pletoly ' down on the floor, covering hsr'.faee. SWilliin would have picked hor np in a moment, but' by this time ho could hoar footsteps rushing '.upstairs in response to hor cry. 'In- constorria- ition, and entirely, with the view of dot compro-'. "ttising her, ho offected his, '.rotreat as fast-as possi-.' ble, roaeiiiug tho bond'of'tho corridor just as hor : brother Louis appeared with a light at the other extremity. > " What's tho matter; for 'Heaven's sake, . Yi vietto ?"snid Louis. ; " My husband ?" sho involuntarily exclaimed. ' , '' What nonsenso !" "0, yes— it is nonsense ; it'was nothing." "But wliat was'tho causo of yonr cry ?" . : She. had evidently by this time 'recovcrod ,hcr : reason arid; judgment. , . ' "0, it i was a trick 'of tlio Imagination," sho said, with a faint laugh. Ilivo so-much alone "that'I get snpefstitious— I— I 'thought for tho r.momonf I saw.an apparition !" ; " Of .your lato husband?" "Yos; 'But it. was nothing ; it'was the outlino Of tho tall clook and the 'chair behind. ".'Would ..you mind going down and leaving, me to, go into' my room for a momont?" i When nearly home, at a-point-wherd his track' 'converged on another path, there , approached .him from tlio latter a group of indistincttforms, wjioso. tones of speech revealed .them'to bo Hczzy, Biles,- Mat . Ohapraati, a'Fry and othcrhlaborors.' Swithin was about to Bay a word to them;, till re collecting his disguisoho deemed it ndvisablo to hold his tongno, lost, his attire should toil :a! too dangerous tale as.to whoro ho had como'froin. By degrees they drew elisor, < their walk being in'.tho same direction. - ' , '" Goodnight, stranger," said Mat, No reply. , All of them paced on 'abreast ofliim, and ho. could perceive in the gloom- that their faces wero .turned ; inquiringly upon "his form. Then ri whisper passed from ono. to . another of tbom,; then Chapman, . who was the .boldest, dropped immediately behind , his. hcols,, and followed -on there for somo distance, apparently taking closo obnorvations of his outlino, nfter- which tho mon grouped again and vhisperqd.' Thinking it best to let tliem pass on, Swithin .slackened his paco, and thoy wont uhcal. of -liim without .- much -rc« luctanco. Thcro was no doubt that tliey had keen impressed by the cbthos .ho woro ; and having no wish to provoke similar comments from his grandmother nndi'Hhnnali, , Swithin took the pre caution on arrivingiat WolLand Bottom, to entor tho homostead by iho outhouso. Hero ho depo sited tho cap and coat, in secure. hiding, after wards going round to, tho, front ,and opcning.tlio . door in the usual way. In tho entry ho mot Hannah, who said, "D'ye know what liev been seed to-night, Mr. Swithin ? Tlio work-folk liqvo dropped in to.toll us!" In tho rqom wore llio. men, wlio had outstripped him .on the road. (Their countonanqoB, instead of wearing the usual knotty irrogularitios, lind a smootbod-out expression of blank concern, and Swithin's entraneo having been unobtrusive and quiet, as if ho had moroly como down from his study upstairs, they only noticed him by enlarg ing their gazo so as to includo him in tlio! and ion ce. '"Wo wos'in a deep talk at the moment," con tinued Blore, "and Nat had just broughtup that 'Story about old Jeremiah Paddock's crossing tho park ono night at ono o'clock in the morning, and sooing Sir Blount a shutting my lady out o' doors;' and wo was saying that it soemcd a true return tlmt ho should perish in a foreign land, wlion-we happened to lookup, and there was Sir' Blount walking along." " Did it overtako you, or did.you overtake it ?" Inquired Hannah. " I don't say 'twas it," returned Sammy. " God forbid tiiat I'should- drag in a resurrection word, about wliat perhaps was- still solid man-1 hood and has 'to -die. But he, or it, closed'in upon ua-as 'tworo." " Yes, closed in Upon;" said Haymoss. "'And I said, ' Good night, '(stranger,'" added" Chapman. Yes; 'Good night, -stranger, ' that wez-ycf words, Natty. I support-ye in it." " And Ihen hoclosod in upon' us still' more.'" ' " Wo closed in upon ho rathor," said Chapman. " Well, woll— 'tis no differenco in :tliose solemn matters. —And' the form was'Sir Blount's, my nostrils told-me, 'for— thoro, 'asmclleU. Yes) r I could smell'n, being to leeward. " " Lord, lord, what an unwhoiesomo scandal about tho ghost of a rcspeckiblo gentleman !" said Mrs. Martin, "Now, wait— I don't say 'tworo alow smell, mind yo. 'Twerea high smell— a sort of gamoy' flavionr— calling to. mind venison and hare ; justns you'd expect "of a grdto squire— not like a poor man's natomy .at all ; an'd'that.was what 'strengthened' my faith that 'twas Sir Blount. " ' ("It wns'tho skins' tlmt old coat was mado of ;. I smolt thom too, ".said Swithin to, 'himsolfi) . ' "Well, well, I'yonotdefied.tholigaroiof Stnr-1 vatioti, these five and - twenty year on iiine shil-' lings n weekio bo afeard, 6f a-.walking vapor, sweet or savory," said'Hczzy, " So'hcro's homo- along." "Bido:a bit longer, and I'm.going'too," con tinued Fry. 'P Well, when I f6ttrid"tivas' Sir Blount myripot'driodiup within me ;f0r neither hodgo 'nor/ bush woro there for refuge agdinet .any foul spring, -'a might 'have .loade' mt us. 'Twas very curious, but .wd hadlikewreo men tioned 'kis namo'just afore, in .'talking of, the cohfirmation that's. shortly coming on(" Is tliero soon to ho a confirmation ?".- " Yos. In: this parish— the first time in ! Wol- Iand Church . for twenty ybarsl As ql say, I had mentioned that ho was confirmed tho' same year that I went: up to havo it dono, as I.liavo yery.. good Teason 'to -mind. ! ' When we wont to bo ox- amincd tho parson ,eaid to me, IRohearso thear-; ticics of thy belief.' Mr. Blounti(as>he was then) ' was next mo, and he whispered, /''Women and wine.'- "Women'and wine,' says'I, as.! innocent as a limb' ; arid'for , that I was sontibqckiiil next confirmation, Sir Blount never ' otfningdthat ho was thc-raseal." . : . Confirmation Aas rdiffcront' qt' that'' timo;" saidr'Bi!e3. J " The 'bishops didii'tiay , it onrso strong tlien as they do. now. Now-n-days yor: bishop, gives hoth.hands .to overyJOck-ragmnd Tom-straw' that drops the'kneeAfflro'liim j ibiit 'twas six chaps to one'bleisirig when iyd'.was boys. Tho .bishop o' that timo would stretch urate iiis iPalins ,and run his . fingers ovor- our rows ibf; crown's as off lmnd-as a bank i gentiomin telling money. The great! prophets 'of tho' church in thoin' 'days 'wasn't - particnlar to, 'a . soiil. or ,two hiOro or less ; arid/for my part I thihfcliving.Wnsi easier for't," "Tho now bishop Ichoarms a baohokr-inan'; .'or a iwidow .gentleman is it?" asked- Mrs. 'Mar tin. "'Bachelor, LbeliovOj Uiaiam.! Mr. San Clesvoi making . so bold, ' you've never faced iiim yet; ii think?" : : . ; ! Mis. Martin Blibok her head. " No, itwas a pioco of nigloot; 'I hardly ' know, ihoiy it' hap-, poned," sho said.,.;; ; /, . ! " I am going to this, time, 'f said'Swithin, and turned the: ohatt'o other matiqrs. ' , ' ' ..' o ' '' ' / ; .ciiiriEn'XXni. : ,i ' Swithin Could not Bloop that riighfi- for thinking of' his'Yiviitte! 'Nothing told so significantly1 of 'tlio eoriduot of her' first' husband towards 'tho' .poor lady -as tho abiding idrcad ofi him which was' revealod in, her by any sudden ' revival of: his .imago or. memory. But for that, consideration her. 'almost ' childlike terror at Swithin's inad vertent ilisguiso would have been ludicrous. .. Ho waited anxiously through' several' following Idays for nn: opportunity of seeing hor, but none 'was afforded. Her brother's prcsenco in the house isnfiiciahtly accountod for., this. At length' lie ventured to -writo a i noto . requesting her to' signahto' him in a way sho had dono onco or twice' .bcfo'ro— by ptilliDg down a blind in a particnlar window, of tho house- ono of tho fow visiblo from tlio top of the Ring'sdiili column. .This to 'bo -donoion any evening beforo, dark, -when sho could see him after dinner: on tho terraco. 'When ho had lovclled the glass' at that window for five suc cessive nights Jio beheld, the, blind in tho position suggested. Three hours later, quite in tho dark, ho repaired- to tho placo of appointment.' " My brother is away 'this evening," she ex plained, "and that's why'Ican corao'out. 'Ho is not going for more tlinn a few hours, nor is ho likely to do so just yot. Ilo kcops himself a good ileal in my company, which has made it un- safo for mo to venture near you." " Has' ho any suspicion ?" "Nono apparently. But ho rather depresses mo." " How, Vivietto ? I know from your rmanrior; that this is something serious." " I would rather not tell." "But — hut — woll never mind." "Yes, Swithin, I will toll you. Thoro should bo no socrets hotweon us. Ho. urges upon mo- tho necessity of marrying, day after day." '-"For. money. and' position! .of course." "Yes ; but ! take no notice. , I let .him- go on." ' ".Really this is sod,"- said tlio young man. " I must work ihafdor than- ever, or you will never bo able to own inc." ." 0, yos, in good timo," sho chccringly roplicd. " I shall be, very glad to .iiave you aliyoys near mo, I felt tliogloom.of .our, .position kponly when I was obliged ,to disappear.. that night/without assuring you ..it was , only; I who' ! stood thore. Why wero you so frightened, atAhosq.ohl.clothcs I borrowed,?" " Don't asli, don't.ask .'"she, said, .busying her faco onkhis shoulder. : .',1 don'itnvantito.speak of that. 'Thoro, was something- so- ghastly, ;and so uncanny in . -youn piitting'on such, garments that I wish, you., had .been.imqre, thonghtful and had loft thein alone." "Ialid not, stop , to consider: whose thoy wore. By, the way, t hoy, must -ho sent. hack." " No, TC.neyor wish.to see thorn. again., I can- not'liolp 'fooling that your putting them,, on was ominous." , "Nothing.is.ominous iaseronnpirilosophy," ho ,said,. Kissing ,hor. " ,Tliings.nro aitlioivcauscs or thoy, aro not pauses. .When .caiiifyou, seo mo again?" In.sucli.wise tho .iiqiir, passed. away. , The even ing was typical ofiothcrs .which, followed it at irqeguiar intervals . through tlio winter. And during, iho, intopseri months.. of the . season frc- .qucnt falls of snow lengthened ovon mono than other diffioaltios had dono tho , periods,-, of isola tion, botween .the .„pair. Swithin. jadliorod witii nll tho more strictnossdo tboiIoUer,ofibisipromise not to intrude in to, tho house. from, liisscnsc of her poworlcssnoss to compel liim to -keep away should ho choose. ilo rebel. A -student of tho .groatcsii. forces'. in,natuio ,he had, like1 others oF his sort, nq,,porsonal,foreo to speak, of ima social iipoint of viow, mainly booanso-ho took no, interest kin 'human (ranks nnd lntvioacios ; and ihence ho was tlocilo as a child in her hands wherever raatters of- that kind wore eonceritoili .Hcnhrother winterodat Weliand phut whether because ihis .oxpetience of tropic .climofchad un- .fited him-for.tbc brumal rigors of: 'Britain, or for aqy,,other reason, lio.soldomishbwodr-'himself ont .of .doors ; and -.'Swithin caught. bnt,rpnssing glimpocs ot liiim. Now and-tliem YivUtte's im- ipuisivo 1 kimlnera '-would .ovorcome ilior istmso of risk, .- atnl nho'-woulil press Swithin toicalk on her ,nt- all oo3t- -This ho.wotildihy nonneansclo. It was obvious to ii iacnioroi iogii-aliiaia'd ifciiat the ssoi'ocy to, whichc'tlioy ;bail isoii-nil themselves muBt bo.kcptdinlts rfulncas- or miglit.ns'woll ho abandoned altogether, : ; Ho wns now sadly exercised ou' tiid'suliject of ,his , uncle's will. , TlterCicIiad, i ns oyet; been no pressing , roasonsi. for, „a.fuU and, elHididlropiy to the 'solicitor who had communicated .with him, owing to the fact that the , -annuity, was not to begin till Swithin was ono and twonty ; hut timo was going on, and, something definite would have to ho donoisdoni bTo'owHHo his marriage, and consequent disqualification for tho bequest, was ceasy- imifsfcif j but- itlinvotiqd1 tellfng 'it least one "man what bdth'cVividfld 'and Iiimscif Ii n d great i reluctance ''-in 'telling : aftyhbdy. "Moreover he wished Viviotte to knoW'ln6tbihg,'ofrhi!i loss in making herhis wife. All he could think of doing for the present , was to write a. postponing letter to liisrinde's'lawirir nn'd'tvait events. Tlio ono com'fort 'of this dreary ,wintor-timo 'wfa'his'perteptiqri'bfri wsturning ability to work 'tvith lllid'regularit>-,;sarid riiuclr 'of thri' spirit, of ' earlier dajn. '' - ' ' ' Olio bright 'night in' April: tfiefq witq 'mi' eclipso 'of tile rtobn, 'anil'Mr.' Torkiriglntra/'liy qrrange- ' tnent; bro'rfghftq the ohsefva'tbry several 'laboring 'WBn hnd hoysj'tq'iMiom'iie'had jiromise'd -a sight 'bf tho phenomenoir thrqagh 'the"teicscppe. Tho cinning 'confirmation, ' fixed ' for' M.ay.'wris again talked' of ; and' St.'/GIcevo loarnt fromHho . parson " 'tb'fit tlio bishop Iihd afmnjfe'd'tb htay'flie.nigbt at 'tlie Vicarage, ahd, whs'to Be'inVih!a; to ri grand lunbheCnaVlYqllhrid'Honsb'.ihtmeairitbly riftor tho "Crdinanoo'. ' / - - ' - Thiri"scemed likb'a going hack' into life again nri regardrid:tlie,'tnilitrqssi6f ; that liopse,' rind St, Cloovo'was a iittlb'srtrprlsed'that iti liis riommuni- cations'with' Vrvietto'slie had montioned no such "probability. "The'next'day ho wiilkcd-yound tho /marisipti.-wbridcfiri'g iiow in its prbsciitsthto any /entertainment coufd'bo given therein. ;Hri found "tiiat1 tlio' shutters 'had' bebn'opdnbd, "giving an un- 'dxpe6ted;'livcline«s to tho aVpecl/of'tho'windows.. Two men woro putting /ai ehinirioy pot 'on ono '(if tlio chimney 'statks, Land two -moro 'were 'seraping-grcen' 'moiild' from tho- front'walli ''"Ho mado' no'" inqnirics"bri'; that oc- casioni' Three 'liays' Iater he "strolled ' thither- 'waril again! ' "Noav a, great cleaning -of winder, -- panes' was' going ;on, 'Hozzy/Biles ahd'1, Sammy Bloro being -tho 'Operators, lor whichpurposo- their services'mnst'havo boon" borrowed from tho neighboring farmer. Hezzy dashej; water at tho glass with aforco that threatened, to break it in, the broad faco ;0f 'Bamrioy-hbirig discernitiio in side, smiling at tho onset. ''In' Addition." to tliem Aiitliony'Grccn, and anothor, 'wore wooding tho gravel walks; and putting fresh iplihts into tho flowor bods.' 'Neither of 'these reasonable- opera tions wris a'great ' undertaking singly looked at ; but tho'Hfosho'liit'dlrititerly led; rin'il "thorinood in "Which Sho hail-1 hitherto 'rogniBc'd ' tbo 'premises 'rendered it-somewhat significant'. 'Swithin, how ever, 'was rather (furious tliari eqrioemod;at tlio proeeoding3, ;aiid'rbturriod tb'his tower' With feel ings of interest 'not -entirely -confined' Ho tho worlds ovohhead. : ' 1 ' :lt Lady Constantino may or may not' have soon him from tho .house ; but. tho samo evening,, which was fino and 'dry,' while, he was" occupying himself in tlio observatory wIth'vcieariiug'tlio eyo pieces o£ tlio equatorial, .skull bap , on head, observing jacket on, arid, in othor /ways /primed for sweeping, tlio customary stealthy' step on tho winding staircase brought1 lier forta in duo course into tho rays of tho hull's eye lantern. Tlio meeting was alt the moro pleasant to' him from hcing.urioxpceto'd, and ho at onto lit up a largo (iglit-in honor of' tho occasion. , "It is but a hasty visit," bUo said, when, after putting up her mouth to bo kissed, she had ' soated herself in the low chair used for observa tions, panting a little with tlio labor of ascent. " But I hope to ' bo ablo to conie moro frooly soon. My brother is still living on with mo — yes, ' ho is going to stay until tlio confirmation is over. After' tlio confirmation ho will certainly loave. So good it is of you, dear, to please mo' by agree- ' ing to tho corcmony. The bishop, you know, is going to lunch with us. It is a wonder ho has agreed to come, for ho is a man averse to society, and mostly kcops entirely with tlio clergy on theso confirmation tours, or circuits, or \- whatever thoy oaU thorn. Bat Mr. Torkingham's house is so very small, and mino is so close at hand that this arrangement to relievo him of the fnss of one meal at least naturally suggested itself ; and tho bishop has fallen in with it very readily. How aro you getting on with your ob- aervations ? Havo you not wanted mc droadf ally to write down notes?" " Well, I have had to do without you, whether or no. Soo horo how much I havo done." And -he showed her a book ruled in columns hcadod, "Object," "Right ascension," "Declination," " Features, " " Remarks," and so on. She looked over this, and othor things, but her -mind speedily wingod its way back to tho confir mation. "It is so now to mo," sho said, "to .have persons coming to tho houso that I fool athor anxious. I hopo the luncheon will be a \- access." " You know tho bishop ?" said Swithiu. " I havo not seen him for many years. I knew 'iim whon I was quito a girl and ho hold the ttle living of Puddlo-sub-Hodgo, near ub ; but ter that timo und over since I have lived here havo seen nothing of him. There has been no nfirmation in this village, they say, for twenty years. Tho othor bishop used to make the young -men and women go to Warborno ; ho would'nt 'take tho trouble to como tOBUch an out of tho- way parish as ours." " This cleaning and preparation that I observe -going on must bo rather a tax upon you." "My brother Louis sees to it, and what is more, bears tho oxponso." " Your brothor ?" said Swithin, with surpriso. " Well, ho insisted on doing so," sho replied, in a hesitating despondent tono. " He has been -active in tho whole matter, and was tho first to suggest the invitation. I should not have thought -of it." " Well, I will hold aloof till it is all ovor." "Thanks, dearest, for your consideratoness. I -wish it was not still advisable, But I shall seo you in tho day, and watch my own philosopher -all through the service from tho corner of my pew. ... I hope you are woll prepared for tho rite, Swithin ?" she added, turning tenderly to him. " It would perhaps bo advisable for you to give ap this astronomy till tho confirmation is . over, in order to dovoteyour attention exclusively to that more serious matter." " More serious ! — Well, I will do tho host I can. I am sorry to see that you are less in- erestod in astronomy than you UBed to be, Yiviette." d " No — it is only that these preparations for the bishop nnBottio my mind from study. Now put on your other coat and hat, and come with mo a little way." 