FOOTBALL CHATTER. Two interesting matches were played on Saturday last. That between Carlton and Hotham was expected to be the best from a football point of view, bat. as events tamed oat, the Melbourne ran tbe South Melbourne close, and there was, besides, the largest at tendance of spectators to witness it. The supporters of Hotham thought their men would make a good game with Carlton, although they had suffered a number of defeats this season. Io the first half the blues ran rings round their opponents, and , kicked five goals, besides having a shot which hit one of the posts. The Hothamites were never seen to less advantage this soason, and seemed to be all abroad in their play. In the seoond half, however, they rallied op, and, notwithstanding that they were hopelessly in arrear, played a game. They had all the best of the play, but only scored one goal, whilst Carlton also obtained one. Tbe Hotham had half-a- dozen comparatively easy ohanoes, but could not torn them to advantage. The game therefore ended in a win for Carlton by six goals to one goal. The result of the Melbourne and South Melbourne match created some surprise. As the Melbourne, had been routed eaob iu turn by. the Ejpendon, Hotham and Carlton clubs — the mutch against tho latter olub being a very severe defeat— it was anticipated that the reds had not the ghost of a chance against the champion team. However, those who witnessed the play of the red and blue can testify that it was of the highest order, and quite good enough for any important match. The Melbourne team marked, picked up clean, and played so well together that not a few prophesied the downfall of South Melbourne. Melbourne, without doubt, played the strongest team tbey have yet done this season, and likewise the best game into the bargain. The goal kioking of South Melbourne was miserable in the extreme, the team being evidently more bent on the Adelaide trip than steering the oval between tbe posts. Tbo result of the mutch— two ttoals to each team and one dinputed for South Melbourne, which will be considered at the next meeting of the Victorian Football Association — is a most satisfactory outcome, taking into consideration the merits of tbe play. Esskkdon, after making such a grand show against the senior club? during the season, succumbed lo twenty-three of South Yarra. The game was a well contested one, and ended in a win for South Yarra, hy 2 goals and 3 behind? to 1 goal and 5 bchiuds. East Melbournk took a trip to Gcelong, and afforded the Pirotonian? two hours at goal kicking practice. The Gcelong did as they liked, aud ec<uvd 13 goal? and about twice a? many behind?. East 3IeIbournc failed to score even a behind. A nioet interesting match will be played on Saturday next. Tho Geelong will bring up a strong team to meet, the Melbourne on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. A good game is anticipated, but Gccloug ought to The South Melbourne team, left for Ade laide by tbe South Australian ou Saturday afternoon last to play a Herb's of matches. The names of the team are an follow:— A-ldison. Dn»oks, Ba»h<-ll. Barrel! Cameron, Elm?. Gii-?, Gibson, Gibb. Gray, Hopkiu- n in, Lordin-/, Moid, 11. RfS'r, O. Rosser, Vivian, Young, Taylor, Towns. Wells, C- Thomas, and Wain. Yesterday morning Mincbin, Latchford, and Williams, other members of the team also left by the Orient steamer Lusitania. 