VOLUNTEER MTT.TTT& When a Commission of military experts tell us that the reported strength of our Volunteer Force exists only on paper; that the present condition of the Force is not satisfactory ; that the attendance of officers and men at drill and parade, is, as a rule, very irregular : that the Force generally is losing ground ; and that it cannot, under the present system, be made efficient for the purposes of defence, there are few people who will not be ready to say that something must be done to remedy the state of matters. ' Defence, not defiance,' is the motto of the volunteers, but if it be used by a body which is impotent it can carry little significance Fine words will possess little weight among possible enemies ,if they proceed from battalions which east only on paper. If our military organisation is to be worth the money paid for it, and if it is not to be a delusion and a snare — a broken reed in time of danger — it must have a substantial reality. Every one will agree with the Commissioners, who have shown us our volunteer army is only the ghost of what it should, in their recommendation that a thorough reform should be made in the constitution of our military force: It seems to be necessary that we most have a standing army. When we think of the influence the vast military machines have had on the progress of civilization in Europe ; on the fearful instruments they become in the hands of despots ; and of the grievous burden they are on the indus trious workers, who form the bulk of the Continental nations, our first impulse is to deprecate the introduction or forma tion of such an institution in onr midst The millenial era has not yet dawned on the world, and casting our eyes but a short distance back over the pages of history, we cannot fail to see that the antipathies of race, the feelings of nationality and patriotism, and the excitement of actual hostilities prompt men to the committal of deeds, regarded in calmer hoars and peaceful times with horror. We must realise the truth of the axiom that ' those who would live at peace must be prepared for war.' So far as this colony individually is concerned the probability is that it will be a very long time before we have cause to take up arms in a quarrel of our own. ' Thepolitical atmos phere of Australia is as clear of war clouds as the material firmament in summer weather. But Queensland forms a part of that vast empire on which the sun never sets. To our mother country we are bound, not only com mercially and politically, but by ties of affection. The British Empire is always exposed to attacks from enemies without, and danger' from concealed foes within. In the event of Britain having to go to war with any of the Great Powers of Europe, our colony would be exposed to attack from hostile arms. To cripple her commerce, to cut off her sup plies of merchandise, to paralyse her supports would be the objects of the enemies of the old country. For their accomplishment war ships would be put upon the seas, and, by a sudden outbreak of hostilities, we might find our ports shut by the iron dads of an enemy, and a marine brigade threatening to destroy out principal coast towns. To be prepared to meet such a contingency we must have a permanent force of trained soldiers. It is desirable, not only for the service it might render in case of emergency, but for the advantages that would arise from it in time of extremity, as the nucleus of an army, and ''e^—^ source of a supply of men capable -2f^fl| teaching others. ^^ It is to be regretted, we think, that, when they had the opportunity of giving suggestions, the military Com mission did not make them of a more practical character. Having so distinctly and decidedly condemned the present Force, they ought to have proposed a longer stride in the direction they think Government should proceed. Some time ago, in an article in our columns, we suggested that an attempt should be made to establish that fine old constitutional force the Militia in our midst- We pointed out that it possessed the - merits of the regular army and the volunteers combined, and would be peculiarly adapted to the requirements of the colony. At that time we were not aware the Militia had been tried with success in South Australia. This iq flip rasp, hnwevpr- and the circum stance is referred to in support of the change proposed by our Military Com mission. They recommend the forma tion of an army of Militia, composed of artillery, engineers, and infantry. The maximum strength of this army they propose should be 520 men of all ranks. This is ridiculously small. A force double the size would not be twice the cost, but it would be more than twice as efficient, far more easily officered, and not more difficult to organise and handle. Such a force, moreover, would not form a fair nucleus for the formation of a larger in time of urgent danger. It would be much more reliable and efficient were the strength of our Volunteer Militia established at 2000 men. The period for which tbe men are to be enrolled is too short, when taken in connection with the limited period of annual drQL Practically the latter is not more than a week, for we look upon the quarterly, Saturday, and moonlight drills as .of little value. The effect of one drill is lost before the recurrence of another. In England the recruits of the militia are drilled daily for three weds before the regiment musters, and the annnai training extends over a similar period. The proposal to pay men for going into camp for a week, and turning out occasionally in tbe coarse of the year to moonlight drills &c;^ seems to us mere trifling with a very serious matter. A force trained in this way would be little better than the volunteers. It woulfl be found more satisfactory to make -the annual period of training twenty-one days, and in die case of re cruits half as long again. Under such an arrangement the men would be thoroughly broken in, and taught to see die importance of all they did. While we think it is of die utmost conse quence diat there should be Volunteer Militia for Brisbane, we do not see why we should not hare regi ments at the Northern ports. We do not propose that there should be a regiment at each, bnt just as counties in die United Kingdom contribute to the formation of one militia regiment, so might Rockhampton, Maryborough, Gladstone, andjSympie form a regiment to be drilled alternately at the two Erst-named towns; and Mackay and Townsville one, to be trained in the same way. Were it possible, in case of emergency, for die Brisbane Militia to be sent to the aid of any of these places, as they could be to Ipswich and Toowoomba, there would not be so much objection to die metro polis having a monopoly of paid mili tary; but Maryborough or Rockhampton might be burned long before tile militia could come to die assistance of the local forces. It is not only desirable that our coast towns should have militia as a means of national defence, but if the^jublic funds are to be spent in tiiat way, die whole outlay should not be made at Brisbane. This is not a circumstance entitled to much consideration, perhaps, but in con junction widi others, it goes to show we should have several regiments of Volun teer Militia. While gkd to find tiiat die Commission recommend movement in die proper direction, we are sorry they could not see their way to advise the Government to go further. 