Frauds and Superstitions at Birmingham. (London ' Daily News,' May 4.) Inspector Helden, of the Birmingham detec tive force, succeeded yesterday in arresting a man who is stated to have been trading success fully upon the superstitions of ignorant people throughout the kingdom during the hist 10 years. The man, assisted by many aliases, has already been found to have received money trom about 7O0 persons. His plan was to advertise himself as the ' Great English Seer,' and he usually chose papers in agricultural dis tricts, from Dundee to Essex, as his advertising mediums, with the evident object of appealing to the mosiTcredulous class of clients. His adver tisement usually ran as follows: — 'The Great Prophet will reveal your future for seven years, price six stamps ; charms, 30 ; value returned : send age. — B.A.O.B., Haiswells, Bracebridge street, Birminghani.'-^Oceasionally to vary his procedure he assumed the name of Anna Boss, '? the Seeress of New York,' and issued the fol lowing prospectus : — ~Fbse Astsologt and Celestial Magic. — ' Wondrous arts of sage and seer. All are found ombodied b«-re. Spirits of wisdom and spirits of sway. Ye whom til things do obey.' 'The stars in their eour.-.i.-s fought against Sisera.' — Judges v., 20. See also numerous other texts re lating to prophets, prophetesses, and propheey ing. A-ivna lioss, the seeress of New York, and R. A. 0. B., the great seer of England, philo sopher and astrologer, will reveal your future complete, with fate in marriage, family, friends, which part to travel or voyage to, and in what profession or calling you 'would most succeed, and other particulars, with advice, all free to buyers of picture, 30 stamps. Send age and portrait, it convenient. Talismanic charm for obtaining the love of any person the wearer of it inay choose, free to buyers of picture, , 16 stamps. Directions to make a magnetic or witching present, «ent free to buyers of picture, 30 stamps. Holy talismanic charms for wealth .and success in life sent on the same terms. Also talisman for victory over enemies, likewise talismanic charms for curing diseases sent to buyers of pictures, CO stamps. Directions to cause the -visits of lovers sent to buyers of pictures, 30 stamps. For des cription of charms and talismans see the almanac (Zakiel's) for 1869. Briefly speaking, however, they consist mostly of celestial signs and characters transcribed on virgin parchment under opportune influences. Those who bay pictures, published at 5s have sent them a talisman or charm for safe delivery in childbirth. The Great Seer's Book of True Stories of Ghosts, Dreams, &c.;, 40S pages, gilt edges, 20 stamps. ' Expla natory Letter on the World's End,' seven stamps. Large book, 66 stamps. 'Boy's Own Conjuring Book/'. gilt edges, 20 stamps. Book of Amuse ment, 20 stamps. Ladies' books, 20 stamps each, post free, various subjects. Divers philosophers, divines, and cabalists have maintained that many things revolve in seven years. TV hen two per sons are under the same planetary or symbolic influence, the acts would of course be somewhat similar. Pictures of Anna Boss and of E.A.O.B., 14 stamps each. All letters to be directed to John HartweU, Esq. Some of the letters from the superstitious clients of the great prophet are very curious. Before professing to reveal their futures the prophet demanded from hia clients their age and occupa tion*, and the exact hour and minute of their birth. In some cases the applicants had only sup plied the hour, but the prophet invariably replied tlwt h« could not furnish the necessary informa tion unless the precise minute was given. This peculiar condition seems to have been complied with in every case. In one case the writer, a young woman twenty years of age, states that ?he can never be happy with her husband, tp whom she was married against her will. She is desiroua of knowing whether there will be any change in her condition at the end of seven years, and whether it would be advisable for b,er to insure her husband's life. A young lady from Jersey sends 46 stamps, accompanied by the following letter : — ' Mies -De will feel much obliged to the Great Seer of England if he would kindly reveal hee future, with date of marriage, family, friends, which part to travel to, and in what profession she would most succeed. Age 21 and 3 months. Please also, send the talismanic charm for ob taining, the love -of any the -wearer of it may choose.' The talisman which was to exercise such a potent influence upon the destinies of the believers in the Great Prophet turns out to be a piece of brown paper, made up so as to resemble a shield. There are evidences of many of these flimsy charms having1 been purchased for 16 stamps. Among the stock-in-trade of the ' Prophet ' seized by the police is a Bible plentifully scored with red ink| there are also various fortune telling books including ' The General Fortune tejler, or Book of Fate,' and the 'Lady Witch,' ' or ' Eaphael's Vision of Past Times.' One of the lady clients promises to ' recommend the Prophet to many customers if he would but introduce her to the tall dark man she loved.' Among the Litest discoveries last night is a manuscript book of the prisoner's con ing a number of stereotyped replies to credulous ' clients.' The following is an example : — 'Post office, Daventry, — I have given my best attention to the particulars of your destiny and find- that a constellation arose at your birth wherein four stars of might bore rule. Your destiny is to be renowned and famous in jour day and generation, and there . cannot be a doubt of your being . born to your surprising good for tune. The fifth day of the moon you will ever remember. After a certain age you will marry a tall person, and will be the heir to wealth. Three of the numbers relating to your family are omens of eorrow.' A number of letters have been found in. which the writers upraid ; the ' Prophet' for the non-fulfilment of his promises. It seems that the attention of the police was first called to the matter by a gentleman at Cardiff, whose sus picion was aroused, by the advertisements. {The prisoner, who is charged in the name of James Hartland, admits having been in trouble in London for fortune-telling. . 