VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. Boxing Day Meeting. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday Evening. iNOCwitnstanaing counter attractions of various kinds, including the very impor tant one of a grand intercolonial cricket match on the ground of the M.C.C., there was a very large attendance of visitors at the Caulfield racecourse this afternoon. This very picturesque spot is indeed ad mirably situated as a resort for holiday makers, apart from its attractions in the shape of sport, and the extremo facility with which it may now be reached by railway forms an additional inducement to persons bent upon out-of-door enjoy ment, to make choice of it as a place of rendezvous. Under the excellent manage ment of Mr N. It. D. Bond, tho Club's active and energetic Secretary, a capital programme of seven events was provided, and the meeting proved highly successful. His Excellency the Governor was present during a portion of the afternoon. SELLING RACE, Of 100 sovs. The winner to bo sold for 130 sovs. For three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for age; 71b allowed for every £23 redaction in price. Fire furlongs. E. Weeks'br h Ghost, 3yrs (Mnsgrave). 1 E. Weeks'bl g Kanaka, Gyrs (Perry) .,, 2 J. Evans' b b Junius, 4yrs (Walker) .. 3 The following also started : Robert the Devil, The Drone, Songster, Placid, and Queen Elizabeth. Betting : 5 to 4 agst Ghost, 3 to 1 to 4 to 1 agst any other. Time, lmin. 5sec. The winner was bought in tor £100. . THE JUVENILE STAKES, A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. cacb, with 200 sovs. added. For two-year-olds. Colts, 9st; lilies, Sst 41b. The second horse to recci. ! 25 sovs., and tho third 10 sovs., from the stakes. Five furlongs. D. S. Wallace's g f Duenna (O'Brien) ... 1 E. Do Mestre's b c Ike (Hales) ... 2 T. Elder's ch f Monsoon (Cracknel!) ... 3 The other starters were : Anagram, Wah gunyab, Tripod, Signor, The King's Son, Maudie, Miss Glorious, and Little Sister. Betting: 5 to 4 on Duenna, 4 to 1 agst Signor, G to 1 agst Monsoon. , Time, lmin. 5sec. IIUKDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 j sovs. added. One mile and three- cjuar. . ters. T. Wilson's b m Lady Hampden, Syra, • ; lOst 61b (Corrigan) ... 1 D. S". Wallace's b h Dhurringile, Gyrs, ! list 101b (King) , ■ . 2 S. Grimwood's b g P.G., Gyrs", 10st 81b' (M'Innes) ' ... 3 The following also started :—Red Rover, Basilisk, Pilgrim, Fir<t Knave, Cavalier, Crniser, Maiil oi the Vale. Time, 3min. 32secs. A protest was en tered against tbe winner for crossing, but, after consideration, it was dismissed. CHRISTMAS HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 200 added. One mile and a quarter and a distance. Sir T. Elder's ch h Baron Yon Mueller, 5yrs, 7at 91b (Cracknell) ... f J. Leek's b c Colstoun, 3yrs, Cst 111b ■ (Robinson) ... + S. G. Cook's b c Anglesey, 3yrs, Gat 131b (Saunders) _ ... 3 The other starters were : Coriolanus, Sunset, Pollio, Paul, Beadsman, Balthazar, Declamation, and Adventurer. Betting : 7 to 4 agst Colstoun, 5 to 2 agst the Baron, 4 to 1 agst Paul. All got away well together, Paul being the first to show clearly in front. He kept the leading command till near the turn iuto the straight, when he fell hack, and gave way to the Baron and Colstoun, who camo to the front- with a graud rush, with Anglesey close upon their haunches, the two former making a dead heat. Time, 2min. 33scc. OrEN STEEPLECHASE, A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sors. added. About two miles and a half. R. Jones' br g Bryan O'Lynn, aged, 9st 121b (Corrigan) " ... 1 S. Shrimpton's ch g The Hawk, aged, 10st 51b (Gongh) T. Jones' g g Abdallah, aged, 10st 71b (Batty) The following also started:—Collingwood, Blackthorn, Fish, Breechloader, Premier, Squire, Ascot, and Hands Down. Betting : 5 to 2 agst Brynn O'Lynn, 3 to 1 agst Collingwood, 5 to 1 agst Abdallah. This proved a very eventful race, the only horse which came in at the finish, besides the three placed, being Fish. At the very first fence Blackthorn came down, and at tbe next Premier tumbled over and brought Collingwood dowu with him. Breechloader also came to grief soon afterwards, and soon again before the race was over, his jockey, Keating, pluckily remounting each time. Later on Squire and Ascot also fell, Hands Down meeting with a similar mishap. There was a grand finish between Bryan and The Hawk, the former winning by a bare half length. Time, fimin. 47sec. TWO-YEAR-OLD SELLING ItACE, Of 100 sovs. The winner to be sold for 200 sovs. Colts, 9st ; fillies, Sst 111b ; 71b allowed for reduction of £40 in price. Pour furlongs. The hon. L. L. Smith's b f Amelia Vic toria (Kelly) ... 1 J, Harper's b f Frou Frou (Cracknell) ... 2 A. Dowling's b c Plato (Swallow) ... 3 Beating Milparinka, Tritours, Merry Fenella, Agatha, Breeze, and The Nymph. •Time, 52sec. The winner was sold to Mr E. Weeks' for So guineas. MALVERN HANDICAP, A sweepstakes of 3 soys, each, with 100 sovs added. Six furlongs. A. Saqui's b gSquireen (Murphy) ... 1 E. Weeks' b g Transferred (Burton) ... 2 C. H. Fisher's b h Lohengrin (Harplcy) 3 The following also started : Bagot, Haidce of the Hills, Chevy Chase, Calma, Sinking Fund, Robert the Devil, Black Diamond, and Her Mnjcsty. Time, lmin. ISsec. CHRISTMAS HANDICAP. The run off between Baron Von Mueller and Colstoun was won by the latter, who, after n severe contest, came in first by about three-quarters of a length. This brought a very capital afternoon's racing to a close. Charles Jas. Fox, being once at Ascol races with his intimate companion, Genera Conway, missed his snuff-box. The Genera was lucky enough to discover the thief, ant seize him before he could get away. Upoi this the man fell upon his knees, and, witl many- tears, besought Fox to pardou him and not expose him to ruin, for he was i poor weaver in great destitution, and this was the first offence against tbe laws tha he had ever committed. Fox was greatlj affected, and not only let the offender go hat gave him a guinea. Shortly, after this having occasion to use his snuff, ho fonnt no sign of it in his pocket where he ha, replaced it, and, turning to General Conway ho said, " My snuff box is gono again !' "Yes," replied the latter;"I saw tin scamp take it a second time wiion you gavi him the money, but I thought I wouldn' interfere." 