THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF JOHN HARMON, THE IIOK1ANGA PAKEIIA MAORI; OK SEVENTY-FIVE YEARS IN NEW ZEALAND. [In our issue of Saturday, 24th December, tho latter portion of chapter V. was omitted, tho copy not having come to haiul. Consoipuntly wo hereunder re-publish chapters V. aud VI., together with chapter VII., which has not hitherto appeared J CHAPTER V. (CONTINUED). I would die game. X cried, *( I *vill bo mv own executioner; give mo tivo pistols, I will put litem to my ears aid lira." Wonder sat upon tlio featuros of my companions ; was I matt or demon. t: Givo mo tho rum-keg " 1 next asked. It was handed to me, and I drained it dry. With tho rush of tho liery Bpmt through my veins, caiuo a fierce deter mination to jive, and not to die; another must bo tho victim, not 1, The hour came. Hunger was gnawing tho vitals of my comrades ; they were ravenous for my blood. " Hand me tho pistols " I said They were loaded and handed to mo. i JjOukmg with coolness at tho /lint- locks, as if I to assure myself that they wero right! and ! that my death might bo speedy, I placed the i muzzle of my loft hand pistol against my ear ' brought that in my right hand'slowly round i into position, and ere one of them could move 1 shot Jonas Simpson as dead ns a door-iiail.' , .1 i '"Jigiwd madness; with a maniacal laugh r throw myself on tho body, and lapued like a dog tho warm life's blood that oozed .Kvll li u'"1 bl'ain- Ha< K 'twas I wo11- llorror-struck at my deed and at my expressions, Thomson and Tom Ur«,wn on'^tho "lt0 b'!,VS' 1<wvillf-' lying on tho corpse. Gradually I f"u"a ,"v senses leaving I110, the world became inol-e dim ovory instant. Is this death f If so jt is sweet ns soft tropical hreefcos ' n-ir,rrmb?r "om"ru.u»ti| 1 found myself Ijing n a hammock in tho fo'c'ale of tho Firebrand," Captain Wilkins, receiving rough but kindly attentions from tho sailors" They had descried our boat on the hori But'it f° f""! alUl h:'d !1"«do for it. , tlle> found only a crew of cornsT Ail : ofTifa-ad °XCert lny,°lf' a,,d th« trace ! of Ufa in mo was a feeble flickering of the Cunt Jf S 1 ",y S<°7' ^'t'Pressilig the true e ha dili '1,'30" 3 and etatillS thllt of insa '. °y,r1H Wvu iu,ld while in a state tho T-'m t'i'fy yf°lUh Wns a vouchor for ..utlifuinoss of my tale and T «.,« in'bolid"111 lni}^cd kindness'by everyone tni board, a small subscription being set on foot for me, to mark, as was sail their i appreciation of my conduct. Still another Prnn , dovil Ioo,ss ,,fter Ji'H oivn. llio Fireband " was a lino now schooner bound from Olahcili to Sydney. She was she »iJ ?^ °f !m' <i03t"la(io" "'hen i aha piolusd mo up, so that bofore long I was landed upon tho King's Wharf in verv ' f'5(*'r-!fI tr,m froin tUat in " Inch I put otf from it a row months before. I went at onco c°so and ^ed my naid " mo Wlth »reat kindness, paid me my wages, and gavo mo a small bonus into the bargain, promising that after nuoohi/.T! ir1' !lal,°ro 1 should b« appointed to another vessel. And then you wont homo to vour fathnr andI mother, 1 suppose;" said Jtho genUo reader, conjuring up sweet visions of patornil embraces, tears, and kisses. Not a bit mv friend, reccolloct I had cut tho apron-strinirs and considered myself my own master Mv fiist move was to make for a convenioiit smu' sliop, kept on the sly by ono of tho miUtarv and commence t» spend Vv " m t U,u> aidered overv sailor sh,*,'{ a 1 0l'» Just the day befo- , w ' ? Sf)rou' female convicts' i '"rived, a batch of tho " Thame » "r ? C°"10 England in liad been '? J frigate, and tho soh'iors comnau' '"'P' soIec£1,,S best looking ns upau ,ons for a month or two before tliev .«.t lo the Thi, at in Government House-nay, even the asked Ch!th t lUi'r pariUU0Ura ,vuro publicly San ' ln,1Ch t0 Ul° dis£:n8t of n Mnraden, tho parson. I did not turn ard I °m° "I! G,VCry s'xPenc° had flown, ld 1 W!ls reduced to tho verv verm nf atarvatKm, for what is tho use of money if it am t a means of a fellow's enjoyment It is not money that is tho root of all evil, but tho We of n, and, blow it, Ihad never til I" V° mth for il »';ls always in such a liurry to got awny. My father and mother on my arrival at SDeakiiinr T th° fa«^. cMf-x^/taphorickl'y speaking, I mean, for it was tho fatted lieu, tokl thn ^ r0CrVed as tho Prodigal son. I few < !t!'t,'Uel>'ng tho colour of a «^iiKnSU ilS t!'° numbor of K fifV ,Ran8' T ma,,yof thei!i 1 i'«d ,''!ed 1 my own hands, and tho parti had taken m the conflict, nil of which wero S mvWltU ,gM0'iy retailed w th additions to credulous neighbors, IViio in their turn, contributed their share to tho interest, until " Sinbad tho Sailor" «a.s a very ordinary gentleman to myself in point of marvellous adventure. I did not fail to enquire regarding my friend, tho drunk*?)1' ""l T C',at hu had been more J t lan,1."rfc-111 w«s so far restored in t»° days' ime as to be able to resume his professional duties. I found Sydney but little altered sinco I iat it, save m the matter of a few more buildings; and in life, being if anything^ 1\. tie more reckless. Murder and vice were on tho increase. There was hardly a lived-Iq , lU,the C°lony> aud tho men RrIt , Pi y aud aa J°lll|y as they could. Brave old days wore these, when a fellow Si! nd 118 th,oufhUes3lJ a3 he went to chapel I too, picked up with a f0ly of " S^lor0- T5' »Ud ,U'G ,not alnays tho bailors Anns, where wo heard all the news and stood the chance of sharing in a shout, when some half-drunk Jack was knocking down his pay. In vain did my father aud mother try to persuade me to relinquish tho sea and try to tWUif T" ri1" f :1Sh0r6- 1 toid thom frankly that if I did not go to sea I would do worse £d;,50 that.t'lef I'ad tho two alternatives before them. With regret they saw that persuasion w.is unavailing, and that it would be as well to say no more, so I continued my free and easy life until'the -'Harwich " jjPpJl'r3lmmo»s,.coming in, belonging to T w. f 30" h?°nT> 1 lv'as "'for.ned ti.at and Kl" 8° °!1 '^d °f llUr wIlon she shfp. my SeC°U V°yag0 ia ni>" apprentice The " Harwich " was the finest vessel mv employer had. She was a brigantine of 500 JrtVr\n ion yma.dethreevoy,iscsPrevious to the one she was about to undertake. Mr SSfnw f K°fc a9 yet e,ltered n W Sr / ' ,See,"fi tb° S"CCe33 0f tllO other Sydney merchants had in it, and the large gains they made, he determined also to hn.mu f)1" «« w sPe.cl!,atl'on. Therefore ho bought the '. Harwich," engaged Captain Sim (nous, an experienced whaler, and a nicked crew, thoroughly overhauled tho vessel in every way provisioned her for a two years' cruise, and hoped for luck to bo on his side. 1 embarked on tho 16th of January 1S11 and a fortnight afterwards, while a crowd .waved us farewell from the King's Wharf we weighed anchor and commenced our vov age. -We did not leave this time with a drunken captain and a drunken crow; all seemed to auger well for the cruise of the Harwich, tho record of which is reserved tor another chapter. CHAPTER YI. The first land we sighted after leaving Sydney was the Three Kings, New Zealand. We had run before a fair wind «d to this timo, and had come into what was "regarded as good whaling ground. Now every eye was scanning the horizon, since a bottle of first si Tht Proi.m®ed fie man who should first sight a whak>. I had been on tho port vvatch since I came on board, under Mr Hawkins, tho chief mate, a"d one evening just as our watch below was Qtidiiv. I went a of to see the sun set. Against the broad red horizon I saw-some dark objects spoutin. " WhS t " a,"-i"stIant 1 h;ld' shouted! ^ hale, ho ! to clauu tho bottle of gro-' u " here away 1" ;vas the skipper's question! On thei lee bow, sir. For an instant he scanned the spot with his glass-a,. ansiout moment to njo lest I should have mistaken a, ahoiil of potpoiaes for a school of whales, and not "illy lose my prize, but expose inysolf to the ridicule of my follow sailors. " Right you are, it's whales suro uuough; you have won your grog, lad." We had no time to loso; tho night would soon bo on us, and our ohanco would be lost. Down wont the boat with Nod Fame, our hnrpooi<er, in the bows ready to launch his weapons when Opportunity otTorod. On came the school, tumbling and blowing, throwing jots of water 10 or 15 feet into tho air, causing a Very grand yet terrible scene. At length (hey got almost within range; tho boys were pulling like mad to keep up with the paco tho whales wero swimming ;U J wo saw Nod riao up in tho bowB, poise his arm back for an instant, then launch his harpoon straight for the lingo back of tho iish that was nearest to him. The aim was true, tho missile was buried over tho barb in tho soft blubber beneath tho outer skin, and away went tho whale, dragging tho harpoon ropo after it so rapidly that they had to pour water lipou tho side of tho boat to prevent it igniting, through tho violent friction. Again tho lingo creature rose to breathe, and another harpoon wan dlivou into it, causing it 01100 mora to rush away through tho water at lightning speed. Dark ness fell over tho scotnS bbforo they had killed it, and tho boat remained by the carcase all night to prevent it sinking. When morning came it was ft bil&y; srieliiS On hoard, preparing to ihtt it in and try it out. At length tile task was completed, and five largo Casks of oil were secured-not a largo yield certainly, but tho foretaste of hotter things, wo hoped. We cruised over tho samo ground for several days, but saw no inoro whales ; accordingly wo stretched across to Curtis' Island, about 500 miles to the north-east, whore in about a month we got live or six more') fioino of them giving very fair yields of oil. Alter this wo ran down to Norfolk Island, where wo foil in with tlio Mercury, schooner, Captain Barnet, also on a whal ing cruise from Tasmania. From hero wo shipped two additional hands, and tlion made for Aloreton Bay, 011 tho coast of Queensland. Here not a solitary fish was to be Been ; therefore wo ran back for our old ground off Curtis' Island*. Scarcely had M;o Arrived when we foil in with a heavy gale from tlio north east, raging for i>0 days, and wo had to heave to, not being able to show a rag of sail. On tho 21st day, when tho ivind began to lull, wo found ourselves oil'tho Throe Kings, a drift of moro than 500 miles. Wo had shipped such heavy Boas, and tho forco of tho storm had been so groatj thrtt our try works had beeli carried away, and three of our boats stOVJ in. '.therefore wo boro up for the Bay of Islands, whoro wo arrived on tlio lOtii of April, J811, anchoring as boforo off To Puna. Wo were tho only vessel in tho bay at the time, though others entered dur ing our stay. The same day that wo reached euranchor ago a chief named Taua Makia came aboard to take care of us and watch over our interests lost wo should bo swindled in trade or other wise maltreated. This considerate procood ing was not disinterested, but tho ''considera tion " expected was not largo. Tho skipper ordored a boat to go ashore and bring a load of gravel to servo as shot for our gnus since this had been omitted in tho ship's supplies, and tho natives were not to be trusted, even although wo had a protector. Tlio news had spread liko wild-lire, that a ship was at anchor in the bay, and already scores of canoes were being launched to pay a visit to tlio pakeha, but wo loadod our guns, and pointing them astern ordered all visitors to keep back, and after a littlo demur and grumbling they did. Nevertheless all throughout our stay they never desistod in the attempt to got on board, considering it a gross breach of.hospitality on our part to deny them the privilege. As our example was im itated by Captain Walker, of tho Endeavour brig, that came in a few days after us, having on board two missionaries for Tahiti -Messrs. Davidson and Williams - tho natives concluded that in us they had got a very bad and uncivil customer to deal with. Meantime we had commenced work upon tho repairs of tho vessel. Nearly all our spars had been carried away, our jibboom and some of tho bulwarks; wo had lost ovory boat but one, and several small leaks wero demanding attention. Wo had two sawvors on board, and as Captain Walker had tlireo whom ho lent us for tho time, our skipper thought it best to put tho ship thoroughly to rights here, in placo of putting back to Sydney. Accordingly thosawyors wont ashore, rigged up the pits, and commenced work vigorously. But the Maoris did not exactly see the forco of this. They imagined that we were concocting somo diabolical schomo of destruction against them in making such extensive preparations, which they con sidered as in somo way identified with our worship. They pulled down the works, and threatened to kill tho sawyers if they attempted to rosnnio operations, But a volley from the vessels soon scattered them, and a strong guard being picked from tho crews of both ships, they wore hereafter per mitted to labour uninterruptedly. During this time, I had considerable liberty granted mo to go ashore, or to go fishing with Taua Makia. The first time I availed myself of the former privilege, I re ceived as great a scare as ever I had in iiit life. Three of us had been wandering about in a bit of bush near tho Kori Keri River, trying to find our way back to tho saw-pita, when suddenly we issued upon aoloared space, in which wero a few houses and patches of cultivation. Before tho eutrauce to one of tho whares stood a baud of females crowned with chaplets of green leaves, aud wringing their hands. One of these, an elderly woman, who seemed to act as chief mourner upon the occasion, and had a chaplot of dog's hair round her temples, different from the others, advanced in front and began to throw her arms about, raising her head aud eyes to heaven. Whilst doing this, in a vory plaintive quavering tone, she commenced a wailing song, in which alio was joined by her companions. I was afterwards initiated into this, and now give a specimeu of a funeral lament: Taku hei he piripiri (my fragrant bundle the piripiri) Taku liei moki-moki (my fragrant bundle tho moki-moki) Taku hei tawiri (my fragrant bundle tho tawiri) Taku kati taramao (my sweet juice of the taratnea) Te hei o to pounamu (tho companion of the greenstone) I hammai ai-e (is gone-alas, upon) I runga te angai-ia-ana (the angii-e-). It was the tangi, or wail for tho dead. But at this time I knew nothing of Maori customs or ceremonies, and my very hair began to rise with horror, as I thought per haps they might be celebrating some human sacrifices. Our fear kept us quiet. In the thick bush we lay watching the scone, over shadowed by the gloom of a gigantic kauri tree, and wishing onrselvo3 anywhere but in our present predicament. When the sorrow ful song was ended, and the females had en tere tho whare wo noiselessly strove to re trace our steps, and chance favouring us, we came out upon the shoro a mile or two from where the sawyers were at work. As I afterwards discovered, no duty is so sacred or so obligatory as the interment of the dead, no trouble being considered too great, no ex pense too excessive, no lamentation too extreme to testify to the respect in which the deceased was held on earth; and to raise him in the estimation of the mysterious spirits to whom he had gone, Taua Makia sometimes went with us fishing to iuduce tho prey to come upon our hooks by the constant chant ing of K ira-kia3or inc antations, supposed to have a very potent influence over the finny tribe. I cannot say we were vary successful when ha was with us, since tho noise he made and tho fishing gear he would insist upon employing, were neither conducive to lower tho fish to our bait, nor to hold them when they were hooked. But this, of course, may have been merely an ignorant pakeha's prejudice, since many a lusty kaha wai or schnapper, have I caught with a hook made from a dead man's bone. Don't wince, reader; better, it is not, to be put to some use after death than to feed a legion of hungry worms 2 I went in for the utilities of life even to eating inv slain foes, to keep off a pestilence in tho land. We began to mis a littlo with the natives ivhcn ashore, und I grow moro familiarised with their ways. AVo nttonded llieir baptism*, Ho Tohi, and gave presents to tho infant, that it never enjoyed; wo consulted tho Nui or divining sticks whether wo should reach homo in safety; wo were present at their marriage tanas, when the bride was carried ollf liy main force, sometimes minus ? her clothing. Finally, wo ffew gnosis at I their hakari.s, or feasts, anil could vouch for ) tho excellence of Maori culinary skill. But we shall hare enough of these in the course of tho narrative; tho reader shall eat I anddriiik to his heart's content, but at ! present wo must keep to tho thread of our atofy. CHAPTER VII. CONTINUED. Tho threo succeeding years-that is, from 1811 to 1814, whoti I completed my apprcn- I ticeship-were tho most active I spent in my life. During tho greater part of thorn I was 1 engaged in whaling, being not threo months in Sydney during this timo. and upon their conclusion I was rated as ft first-class sea man. Tho Harwich, on her arrival in Sydnoy, was thoroughly overhauled and repaired, was refitted bolh In her fot'eoastle itiul cabin, hGr store's wove anew made up, her crew was again selected, Und after three weeks' stay slid \Van once nliUit reiuij' to Bali. There I Had hefin so much to do in the way of | caulking and painting, at which L was kept busily employed, that 1 wasunablo to get much I ashore, although twico or thrice I ran up to | ni}» old haunt, " The Sailors' Arms," and j had a night of it with my chums. It was whilst returning from one of my visits to this grog-shop that I had an adven ture which I can never forgot. Though 05 [ years havo come and gouo since then, it is as fresh upon my recollection as though it happoned yesterday. 1 had been on leavo ashore; all our work on board was done; tho I new crow were expected the following day only tho captain, mates, Jack Greenwood 1 (tho other apprentice), and myself were in tho ship. My chums and I had beon playing i cards and drinking rum half the night, and it wnsin tho small hours When 1 began to re turn to tliR vessel, then lying at MrO.iiitpbell's wliiirf. Although not very steady upon my pins, 1 was hastening on board, since I hid heard that Tommy Tumble, an old mate, who had been missing for somo days, was picked up drowned and placed on tho Harwich, and I wish to get all tho particulars from Jack bofore I turned in. When I got on board t could see no one. It waS iUr Hawkins' watrfil and ho had gono below, so dreading i lost ho should see me in drink and knock oil' my grog for a week, I concluded it was best to turn in and get tho news in tho morn ing. During the course of the repairs in tho foc'sla, I had swung my hammock in tho forehold and made myself pretty comfortable So down tho ladder 1 went, alighting to my surprise on a deal box. However, thinking some of tho men had coma aboard and that this box had been lowered here meantime, I turned in and from tho combined influence of and exhaustion was soon asleep, although it did strike mo there was a poculinr smoll about tho hold. How long I slept 1 know not, save that, While darkness still reigned, f was awakened by a noise as if scores of hammers'-were ringing on anvils at my oars. .Now Jacky Greenwood had been in the habit of playing practical jokes on me, rapping mo up as if wanted, and then laugh ing at mo for my pains. Curses deep and long flowed from mo at this new piece of roguery, and lifting a wooden bar that was at my head, I sprang from my hammock and boat furiously on the bulkhead of the vessel. The hammering ceased as if all tho anvils had split. Hurried footsteps ran along the deck, and I heard Jacky Croon wood ory, " Oil Mr Hawkins, please Mv Hawkins, 1 was just hammering a nail from my shoo over tho foro-liold, when Tommy Tumble answered me up tho hatch with the ghost's rattle. Ochoue, ochone ! It's not only ould Ireland as ha3 the bahsheo." Jacky, it must bo recollected, was a strapping ex-convict of four and twenty, having beon transported for sheep stealing. " Nonsense, Jacky, didn't yo see him picked up and put into tho deal box and lowered into the forehold. Nonsense, man, ye're dreaming." I heard no moro, whatevor more was said. All my mother's ghastly stories ofghost3 and goblins told to keep me abod of nights camo back upon mo. The corpse was near mo, porhaps for all I know, open. Oh, heavons I all was accounted for. With one bound I reached tho ladder, up which 1 flow with a yell that would havo immortalised any Maori that ever livod, and sped towards tho pair like a ship in inil sail. Tho apparition of a figure in very scant and airy attiro bearing thus down on them was aulliciont for both. With a horrified ejaculation, " Oh Lord alive, hero ho is," J acky cleared bulwarks and ropes into tho water, striking out man fully for tho nearest vossel, while Mr Hawkins, on attempting to follow hisexamplo slipped and fell, having eventually to face the ghost capstan bar in hand. At any other timo the ridiculous episode would have tickled mo immensely, but I was horror struck at having slept with a corpso, and ducking to avoid tho mate's blow with the capstau-bar, I seized him by iho legs, cry ing : " Help, help, Mr Hawkins ; I have been down with the corpse and never knew it was there." Shiver my timbers, and bo blowed if it ain't the boy. What in the world havo you been about V Oh, Lird keep mo, sir, I have been lying with a dead man." Then the ludicrous side of the scene dawned upon him, and for two or three minutes he rocked to and fro in a paroxysm of laughter. At length his merriment subsided, and we could look about for Jacky, whom after con siderable search wo described upon the main yard of the Pacific brig that lay at a little distance, viewing the situation with undis guised astonishment. The Ghost of Camp bell's Wharf was long a sourco of amusement in Sydney nautical circles. Two days after my episode, our new crow being all told, wo weighed anchor and com menced our second whaling voyage, our des tination this time being Hobart Town. After a fine trip of ton days we reauhed Betsey's Island, .where after an exciting chase, we secured a large sperm whale. We next worked up to Slopen Island, there mooring the ship so that we could conveniently visit Frederick Henry Bay, a noted resort for the " right " whale. Whilst hero wo seenrod five fish in all, giving us a return in oil of about 30 tuns. Bosides ourselves thore were on tho ground at this timo tho Active, Captain Johnson, and tho Cumberland, Captain Goodenough, but they had not as yet been so fortunate as wo, and we were not disposed to let them into the secrets wo knew. We next tried Storm Bay Passage to no purpose, went into Port Prince for wood and water, and finally ran for Adventure Bay, where we foil in with a large school of whales. Two boats at once left the ship-the one commanded by tho captain, tho other by Mr Hawkins, and the chase became absorbingly exciting. Gradually they became specks in the distance, still, however, keeping well in shore, and when wo reached them, which we did in about an hour's time, we found they had killed no less than three lish. As night was coming down and tho men exhausted with their day's work, we anchored till morn ing. All night long, on the rocks in towards the shore, (ires wero burning, before which the natives were singing and dancing in anticipation of an approaching feast of whale's flesh. Next day wo lit our try-work fires, and tried out the oil from the soft white blubber; scarcely completed this, wlion another school was seen in the bay, from which we cut out two moro prizes, to be served the Bamo way as their predecessors. From this ground, after we had cruised about in vain for a fortnight, we returned to Storm Bay passage, and worked slowly up to Hobart Toivn for wood and water. Van Diemen's Laud, at this time, was just a reproduction on a smaller scale of New South Wales, of which it was a dependency, not being severed till 1810. Discovered by Tasmau in 1642, and named by him after Anthony Van Diemon, Dutch Governor in the East Indie*, it was formally taken pos session of by Great Britain in 1803, and a penal settlement fomiJed there in 1§04-, llobartTown, ita capital, pleasantly situated tm the Derwent, fortunately navigable up to tho very settlement, exhibited tho same features as Sydney did. Life was terribly wild and reckless, the convicts hero wore of tho most desnorato character, and order was only maintained by summary justice and an iron hand. Still it is a lovely spot. 1'he aoilianch/heclimatesplondid, and thonatives aro very friendly .y Wo were allowed to go ashore, and found that, llobart Town grog was the worst that lmd ever been distilled. From hero back to Adventure Bay was our next move, where in a month wo caught and tried out no fewer than 10 whales, our tires never being extinguished until we had filled with oil everything in tho ship that ttould hold it., even to the washtubs, which were the perquisites of the sailors; As wo had now on board abovo 200 (Una of oil, wo knocked oil' whaling, cleaned up our docks, and sailed onco more for Hobart Town. Hero wo remainod a fortnight, keeping in right l'oval stylo Christmas and New Year. Rijjht royal, did 1 say I-this scarcely ex presses it, for every liiothur'n noil of us was most imperially drunk for tho entire week. " But tho world must have an end, and so ni.ttat n spree." Therefore, on tho Gth of January, 1812, wo stood down Storm Bay, on our way to Sydney. A tine run Of five days, before a freshening wind brought us, we nllghl say, Almost. into homo waters, when tho breeze chopped round and blew right ahead, gradually in creasing i'i violence, until it became u severe gale. All we. could do was to run beforo it, and when it, subsided we found ourselves dose to tho Bay of islands. As tho weather did not look promising, Captain Walker determined to take shelter bore until we could with safety pursue our journey, so wo rati for our accustomed anchorage at To Puna. From tho Maoris, who came on board with pi^s, taro, kumaras, and potatoes, we heard of the B..yd massacre, llongi, tho chief of the Ngaptihi tribe, camo off to our vessel and seonied very desirous to learn all ho could about European customs. Ho was, seemingly a most mild and unliable savage, with not a trace of tho terrible ferocity lie afterwards displayed visible in him at, this period. He was remarkable only as all iiigeiilnus crafts man-being a skillful carver, and a clever designer of mokos, or tattoo marks. It was from him wo learned the cause of tha above named sad massacre; how that tho Boyd, a lino Indiaman, bound from Calcutta to England, having callod in at Sydney for Btores, re ceived n3 ti jjassonger to New Zealand, where likewise she was put in for spllrS, a young Maori chief, related to Te Puhi, one of tho most powerful of tho Northern arikis, that tho mate, ignorant of tho rank of the youth, ami being short of hands, requested him to perform some menial work aboard, which he at once refused to do. On this, the other, in a lit of passion, tied him to the mastand cruelly lashed him. Thoyoung mail said nothing, but on their arrival at Whangaroa, informed his relatives of tho treatment to which ho had lieeti subjected: A dire revenge was concocted. By a show of friendliness on tha part of the natives^ the captain and officers were induced to abate their precautions, to accompany the chiefs ashore to their kakaris (feasts), nay on one especial day to accompany tliem into tho bush, where tho kaurit wero said to bo more convenient fur felling. Their doom was sealed. In the bush they were murdered. Tho vessel was seized, the powder magazine opened, and a desultory fusilado kept up in celebration of their victory over the pakoha. But amidst all a spark fell amongst the looso powder, and tho Boyd and Its sackers wero blown to tho winds. Hongi told this through Eremai, an interpreter, with such an air of satisfaction and approval that Captain Walker considered it safest to depart as soon as possible, lost the chief, notwithstanding his seemingly pacific character, might seek to emulato tho Boyd massacre by attacking the Harwich. There fore, to llongi's disappointment, wo pre pared to leave, and on the loth of January, after giving him two muskets, some powder and shot, an axe or pwa, and some knives, as a present, wo loft Oio bay for Sydney. A* We reached Port Jackson on the 25th of Jarinary, nothing eventful having transpired on the voyage. Our cruise had been so successful, ar.d its result so eminently satisfactory to Mr Pater son, that when paying us our wages in full ho engaged all for another trip, to be made as soon as the ship could bo fitted out. On board tho Harwich everything was so com fortable and well arranged that, with two exceptions, all hands agreed to make another voyage in her. Thou after the oil had been put ashore, aud the ship loft clean aa a new pin, camo a fortnight's still spreeing to knock down our cash. I always look back upon this time, reader, as being the best in my Itfe. If ever 1 was in clover I thought I was then. After our spree was over, and every sixpence gone, up went our anchor, and on 27th of February wo sailed upon another whaling cruise, this time to tho Antipodes Island, which lies about G30 miles S. E. of New Zealand, and receives its name from being tho land tu the Southern World most nearly opposite to Great Britain. It is only a huge barren rock, entirely uninhabited save at times by a few sealing gangs, with very difficult landing.places and rit.es at the most elevated part to about 1,000 feet above tho level of tho sea. Similar also to Antipodes Island are tho Bounty Islets, a small cluster of rocky cliffs .about ten miles from tho former, destitute of vegetation, and in habited only by sea birds. They wero dis ooverod in 1788 by Captain Bligh, of the Bounty, and named after his vessel. This was our cruising ground. Not a very pleasurable one, you will say, but wo do not look to thoso things in whaling. All the beauties of naturo would not rival a school of whales blowing a»d tumbling in monster happiness. This was an entirely uneventful j cruise, save that wa repeated our success in whaling, and that poor Jacky Greenwood fell 1 from tho mizzen-top oil to tho deck and was instantly killed, nearly causing tho captain, upon whom ho fell, to share his fato. Wo buried him at soa. Captain Walker readiug a service over him, and then Jacky was for gotten and gone. After cruising about the Antipodes Island wo stretched across to Curtis Island, from thonce to the East Capo of New Zealand, with varying success, then up to tho Three Kings, from that to tho North Capo, where we traded with the natives for pigs and potatoes. Tho former were good, but the pork tasted very lishy, as tho pigs are fed principally on fcoa-weed and tish. While here tho " Brother " schooner camo in for stores, and reported tho death of their skipper, Captain Neale at Mercury Bay. The natives lulling all suspicion by apparent friendliness, at length tried to take the vessel when a number of them were aboard engaged iu trading. Gradually they forced the crew back until the carpenter, a gigantic Irislimati, nearly seven feet high, jumped up from tho hold, and armed only with a hand-saw drove tho Maoris overboard. This however, was not effected until thoy had killed three men, Captain Nealo amongst the nuinbor. We then boro across to Moreton Bay, and Mount Warner, where we cruised for a month and were tolerably successful, being joined by tho " Catherine," Captain Graham, on board of which T first saw Tap sail, who was third mate and carpenter. But more of him anon. Next we held alonw the coast to Curtis tsiaud, from this to Sandy Cove, where our wood and water runnin" short we determined to run for New Heb rides. This is a group of islands of volcanic origin, mountainous in the extreme, yet well wooded, covered with rich vegetation and abounding in good water. Fruits aud spices are here also in great variety, tigs, nutmeg, cinnamon,oranges, breadfruit,bananas, grow ing every where.andaffordsawelcomechange to sailors sick of " salt horse " and biscuit. Hero for tho first time I saw a volcano, tho island of Tatina being one vast crater, emit ting smoke, flames, and showers of pumico ashes. The natives were very fierce and treacherous, and fain would have decoyed us into the bush, but we were too wide awake for that sort of thing. Having se cured our supplies we kept out of their way. They evinced their vindictive spirit many years afterwards, as I liavo hoard, in tho murder of poor Parson Williams. We put a boW rtnd « boar aalioro litre to pig tho | island. From tliia wo ran for Ehfl North Cftpo of Now Zealand, meeting 110 whaiefa 0I1 our way, and whilst hero, influenced by 0110 of tho moil, I ran away with him and hidinthe hush, but hunger compelled via to seek supplies, I was dispatched to forngo, whilst my 00111 panioti kindled ft fire, but. falling in with some Maoris oil tho way, they stripped mo of my knife, vest, shoes, and my lmt; they conveyed 1110 back to the aliip, exchanging 1110 for 3lbs. of powder. Alas, it is truo, stieli was my Maorian valuo, not even did I attain to tho rate of an old musket. How ever, my previous good conduct stood 1110 in "ood stoad, so again I was exempted from iieaving that whales wero plentiful around Now1 Caledonia, tho skipper ilt, onco ran for M10 island, sighting Norfolk .tilaitd on the way. The inhabitants of Now Calcdoliifi aro a robust raco of navacfes of almost nogro blackness. Tliey aro very liostii'i to strangers and would not pormit us to land. A3 tho' surfaco is mountainous and broken, being covered also with a dense bush capable of J affording tiuiiocnlincnt to any ambush, it was not considered safo to attempt, Wo got hero four whales in all, one of which Was a sperm, and our succoss not corresponding to our hopes, wo strutchcd back to New Zea land, going into tho JJ.iy of Islands for wood and water. Our friend, lliinni, camo on board, bringing with hini a relation, 'L'apa waiki, as well as pi^s, potnttfes mid kurwifas. When wo left wo gavo ltirfi ri written character that would serve as a recommefid;', tion to other captains coming in, that they might rely upon his honesty and frioudli 11039. From tho Bay we next ran down past the East Capo, into Cook's Siraits, landing in Admiralty Bay, then still southward past the Chatham Islospast tho Antipodes anil Camp bell's Island, still 011 south until we were in the Antartic Circlo. This was almost virgin whaling tri'onnd, 'and wo got 110 fower than 12 splendid fish, which wo out and tried out with tho very iron blistering our fingers from tho extreme cold. Still 011 southward until we camo to a vast continent of ice, and 011 the horizon tho grand spectacle of an active volcano rolling its fiery columns to kdaven, amidst, oternttl frost and snow. This was tho limit; After securing two inoro whales, which completely exhausted otlr means of containing tho oil, the order was given " about ship," and nothing loath wo started Sydnoywards. Wo reached homo en tho 7th January, 1813, having been away elfl.ven months. \ 1 found tllat in my absonco uiy father had died of small-pnx, a sickueiSsthen l'aging with peculiar virulence in Sydney, and that my mother had married again, this time a small settler at George's Iliver,- who had originally come out in thy same ship with her. I had no ties now to home, 1 was a waif upon the world, I had 110 Iordy name to maintain in honor, 110 friends to caro what I did, for I waa the only child my paronts had, there fore front this time f adopted the prin ciples I had always maintained; as being the only means to get on happily in life, viH., so' long as you are happy yourself, nover mind whether others arc So or not ; if you can get good things of this life, enjoy them, but never trot about the world seeking for people to enjoy thorn with you. This is what, causes misery in the world. A man gets so awfully charitablo that ho can't oven take his " nobbier" without shouting another for a friend who wouldn't stick to him if lie hadn't cash. Selfishness is not a crime but a virtue, since it confines a man to himself and saves half tlio heart-burnings that em bitter life. lint our Btay in Sydney is short. Having discharged our cargo of oil, and having re coppered tho ship, wo lit out tlio Harwich for a trading voyage to the Society and Friondly Islands. It waa now three years since I had seon or heard of my Tongan friends, sol was anxious to know how they had got on. Oil the 10 h of February we shipped a new company, the captain having his wife on board, and weighed anchor, teaching Tonga 011 tho lihli of .March after a Very stormy passitgd. Wo did not put into the Island of Toitga Us be fore, but ran for Vavau, tho largest of the group. Tho Tonga or Friendly Islands are made up of a cluster called the Hapai Islets, Vavau, and finally that from which they take their name, all of them lying about a hundred miles S. IS; of the Fiji Islands. Considerable interest was evinced by the natives 011 the land, whun the}' saw so large a vessel as tho Harwich approaching their shores, and wlion wo swung to anchor off tho settlement, Macave, soveral canoes camo of! to interview us. As Captain Walker had hoard of ttieii* treatment pf tho " Portan " Prince in 1S06, and the '' Moriling Star," to impress them with an idea of our Btrenrth, he ordered a salute to be fired from the eight cannonades we carried, ostensibly in honor of King Finow, but in reality to let him understand What he might expect if ho shewed any hostile spirit towards us. The precaution was a wise one, since it thoroughly awed the natives into friendliness. To my snrpriao, when the foremost canoo camo up, whom should I see in it but my old mato in the " Morning Star," Totn Sikes, dressed in Tongan Costume, and apparently a person of consideration. His greeting to mo was most friuudly, and through him as interpreter, wo woro told to fear nothing ; that Finow waa only too conscious of the benefits to be derived from trade ever to show hostility to strangers, but that as a pledge of his friendship, he had sent throe Tongan chiefs as hostages. This was sufficient. Without further delay, ordering his boat, the Captain went ashore, taking, however, with him a strongly armed party, in case the cupidity of the natives should overcome their promises. Wo landed on a sacred pieco of ground called Gnacow, supposed to bo the burial place of Tooisonga, a great Tongan chief, afterwards assumed as their protecting deity by tho natives. Any one may land here without hindrance, as to fight here would be considered a sacrilege, and if the most inveterate enemies meet 011 this ground, they must look upon oach oilier as friends, under penalty of the displeasure of the gods, and consequently an untimely death or somo groat misfortune. Finow was awaiting us in this enclosure, surrounded by his egis (chiefs), matabooles (warriors), and a host of inferior attendants. Th'ey "'ilso were armed, some with muskets, others with acowfannas (bows), and acowt.is (Toiigan clubs). Tho King was a fine look ing man, tall and athletic, having his body painted with red ochre, according to various fanciful designs. He saluted Captain Walker by pressing his nose against the other's fore head, then taking him by the hand led him to the bench, where they sat and conversed, Tom Sikes acting as interpreter. The in terview over, we were conducted into tho fort ress of Felletoa, and invited to partake of a catooanga, or banquet, that had been pre pared in our honor. This fortress is situated abi'Ut one liuudred yards distant from the water's edge, taking up at least four or five acres of ground. It consists of a strong wall or fencing of reeds, something like wicker-work, supported on the inside l>v upright posts, from six to nine inches in diameter, and situated about a foot and a half distant from each other, to which the reed-work is firmly lashed by tough sinnet, made of the husk of the cocoanut. The fe icing is about nine feet high; it has four largo entrances, as well as several small ones, secured on the inside by horizontal sliding pieces, made of the wood of the cocoanut tree. Over each door are platforms, about nine feetsquare, intended forilieaccommoda tion of men from which to shoot or throw down largo stones, or in some other way annoy assailants. On tho outside is a ditch, nearly twelve feet deep, and as many broad, filled with water from a stream that runs through the fortress. It was altogether a place of great strength, and fitted to offer a stubborn resistance to any attack made with out artillery. (To be continued) Prince Bismarck does not appear to be in a very good temper. He has brought an action for libel against Herr George Bunaen, an Opposition candidate at Hirschfeld, for uncomplimentary observations in an clcc I tioueering speech, 