IRUMOURED DEATHI OF BANLAN. The following telegram appeared in the Meolbourno Age of Monday : LoNDox, June 11.-The Daily Tclegraph, in a apecial issue, announces the death of Edwird Hanlan, the champion sculler of the world, who was recently reported to have been prostrated with an attack of fever. We did not receive any information of the death of Hanlan, nor did the Mol bourne Argqls, nor any other journal indeed. Lot us' hope that the news, therefore, is on a par with the Russian scars business, and other veracious items pubhshced of late in the Melbourne journal named. Unfortunately, some colour is lent to the rumour by the latest intolli gence of Hanlan, which was to the effect that after his return to Toronto ha was suffering from rheoumatle fever, and con sequontly his match with Wallace Ross, fixed for the 20th June, had to be postponed. We publish some interesting particulars of the world renowvod and phenomenal scullor, trust ing that they may not prove an obituary notice : Edward Hanlan was born at Toronto, Canada, on July 12, 1855, and was of Irish parentage. His parents took him when young to an island opposite the city, where they opened an hotel. He com menced his rowing career at an early age, and when 17 hlee won two aliffraces. In 1873 Ithe competed in a wager boat race for an amateur championship, and defeated two pullers named Williams and M'Kay at Toronto. Next year ho won the amateur championship of Burlington Bay, at Hamilton, Canada, and in the same year he won a mile match against London. In 1875 he also iron the Governor-General Medal, defeating London and Douglas, at Torointo: In 1876 he defeated William M'Ken for the Champion Belt of Ontario, and was also in a crew that won a race (three pairs of sculls) at the same regatta. Those wore but local races, and although he lied started on his career as a profes sional sculler, it was not until 1876, when he won the principal event at the Centen-. nial Exhibition Regatta at Schuylkill River, Philadelphia, that he was brouglht into prominent notice. Hanlan won the first prize, defeating the renowned H. Coulter, Higgins, Thomas .(of London), Luther, Plaisted, and Green (of London), and others, in the trial heats, and easily defeated Brayloy in the final. The final heat was won by Ilanlan in 21min. 29fIsco., the fastest time on record, and the performance stamped him as a sculler of the very first force. The distance was throoee miles, with one turn. At Plymp ton, Mass., Juno 13, 1877, IHanlan was defeated by F. Plaisted and others through his outrigger getting injmeod. In a regatta, however, at the Silver Lake, Boston, Mass., he won a three-milo race, defeating Frenchy, Johnston, and others; but at Boston (July 4) was disqualified for fouling in a two - mile race in which Plaistod and others took part. On October 151h, same year, Hanlan rowed Wallace Ross at Toronto a five. mile race, which he won easily in 36min. seecs. His next oncounter was at Toronto in 1878, with F. Plaisted for 2000dol. which he also won, and in June 90thll of the same year he meot Evan Morris in a match for 2000dols. and the Clhammpionship of America at Hull-on-Pa, which heo (Uanlan) won in a ridiculously easy fashion, doing the five miles .in 37min. On July 1st following Ieo won the first prize of 1000dols. at Brockville, Ont., defeating all the crack scullers of America except Courtonay. 'Distance, four miles, and time about 29min. On July 4, lhodefeatod Plaistod, Kennedy, and oM'Ken for a 200dol. first prize at Cape St. Vincent, N.Y. On July 31 he rowed Wallace Ross at St. John, N.B., for 1000dol. a-side. In this race the water was extremely rough, and Ross got capsized. RIanlan next appeared at a regatta on Kemponfoldt Bay, Ontario, when he won the first prizeo of 500dol., ,Ross being second, Heaenor third. He next rowed Courtonay a five-mile race with a turn for 2000dol. stakes and 6000dol. purso, which he won after a great race by a length. The race was rowed at Lachune on the St. Lawrence, and the time was 36imin. 22sec. Hanlan having beaten all his antagonists in Amorica, turned his attention across the Atlantic, and on May 6, 1879, he met John Hawdon on tlohe Tyne for.. £200, and the Cana lian won ridiculously easy. Tihe three miles three fur longs woere travelled in the fast time of 22mlin. 2seec. Elliot, who was then champion of . England, challenged the wonderful Kanucli for the championship, the SportsmanJ Challenge Cop, and £200 aside, over the Tyn, champion, course. Hanlan, however, rowed his man down from start to finish, and never gave him a ghost of a show. The Canadian was then pronounced a wonder, and no other English sculler caring to. tackle him, lie returned to America. His first race after his return was at the Barrie Regatta, Canada, when lie rowed a dead heat with Riley, but not being in condition, refused to row off. On October 13 the same year he was to have rowed against Courtenay for ai purse of 6000 dols., but on the. morning of the race Colurtonay's boat was found sawn in two. The referee ordered Hanlan to row over the course, but the donors refused to pay the prize. In a subsequent race for the purse he defeated Courtenay over the Potomac River course, Washington, and in May, 1880, he easily defeated Riley. His next appearance was . at Providonce, Rhode, Island, for tho Hop Bitters prize, but through indisposition he sustained" a defeat, as the race was won by his old opponent, Wallace Ross, while Riley was second. Trickott having had the temerityto challenge him, Hanlan proceeded to ?England, and on November 15 defeated the Australian in a match for £200 aside and the Champion shid of the World in a very hlollow style over the Thames champion course, four oeilso three furlongs, in 26min. 12sees. Laycnck, thinking he had a show after his victories on the Thames, challenged Hianlan, but in a £500 aside match in February, 1881, was easily defeated over the Thames champion course in 25mrin. 4lsecs. UIulali was not allowed to rest in his native Canada, as this year lhe was challengel by R. W. Boyd for a march over the Tyne champion course, and the result was another easy victory for the champion. The stakes were £500 a-side, and the time 21 min. 25 sees., Hanlan's last match was against Trickctt, over the Thames Cham pion Course, for £500 a-side, which was onother ridiculously easy triumph for the Canadian, and the time 29 min. 33 sees. "Thei it will be seen that during his wonderful career he has only been de feated twice, and then only through as accident and indisposition. No wonder then he is pronounced the greatest sculler the world over seeoon. Hanlan in this last race, although under difficulties from the rough water, showed splendid form, and is said to have won as he won all his other races in England-by making a race with his opponent for a short distance, and then having him settled. He defeated Trickett more easily than lhe did on the previous occasion. Hanlan is about 5ft. 8in. in height, and in condition weighs about 10st 121b. He has a palatial hotel on the island near Toronto, and is a married man. He is stated to possess a gentlemanly manner, and personally is much liked, while in addition to his wonderful skill as a sculler, lhe commands the respect of all who came in contact with him for honesty. His style of a sculler is thus described by a loading English journal: " Unquestionably Hanlan is a great sculler, and master of a style which he has made entirely his own. The scieneo of motion in wager boat pulling was never better exemplified in any sculler than in Hanlan. When he comesforward for his extraordinary reach he appears to be a part of the boat. No sculler of the present generation had such a length of stroke from dip to feather; his boat is sievor pressed, either fore or aft; tihe weight is evenly on while the occupant has hold of the water with the blades of the sculls, and so perfect is his recovery that his boat is travelling as fast when he is coming back for the dip as it does when he has hold of the water. . . . The only theing about his sculling to which ex ception can be taken, and we have no .wish to be hypercritical, is an apparent failure of his body to travel fore and aft in a perfectly straight line-in plain words, a trifling tendency to screw." 