Safttef €slwm. LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. BY A XiADY. London, March 23. 18S2. Report, like 'circumstance' is 'an ua scriptural god and taiscreator,' so there may not be a vestige of truth inthe statement that Queen 'Victoria made no secret of her annoy ance when Hughenden Manor, sacred to Beaconsfield and the muses, was let to Sir Samuel Wilson, a self-made man, who having amassed a large fortune m Australia, re turned to the mother country to spend it. It is difficult to suppose the sovereign capable of sentiment so illiberal, but were it so, that illustrious lady must, I think,- have ex perienced a- certain sensation expressed by *' heaping coals of fire on the head.' When she heard that It was Sir Samuel's son (an Eton l-oy) - who, in the excess of his indig nation, zeal, and loyalty, vigorously pom melled the would-be assassin of bis adopted country'sTuler. Sir Samuel Wilson recently ? contested the County of Deny, and since has been honored by special election at the great Conservative club. Pending the sentence on Maclean, indigna tion at his conduct continues to agitate the public mind, but it has toned down con siderably, and from -all accounts Her Majesty -«-«eems to have run almost as much risk of ,-aaccumbing under the weight of congratula tory addresses as there was danger from the inrtletoof a traitor. So deluged was the Queen with these unceasing documents that ' at length it was announced no more addresses would be received. It will interest my lady readers to learn that though actions for ' breaches of promise' are so ? frequent in the 'old countree,' faithlessness of tMs charac ter in Germany is exceedingly __ rate, and the punishment of it decidedly, unique. In a recent action, wherein a lady sued a perfidious swain for the non-fulfilment of his promise.or f oreompensation intheshape of coin, it was decided by the jury that in the present state of the law it was not in their power to award pecuniary recompense, tout th^y judged the recreant legally bound to marry the plaintiff, and this decision having 'been -made known to. all the other \- matrimonial courts the lady has at least the satisfaction of knowing that if her former adoreratoes: not choose to marry her he cannot legally -wed any other woman in Germany. There is*a special gratification in this restric tion that only a woman can thoroughly appre ciate. sJDid the same law hold good here there would be fewer forlorn maidens to echo the juBfci criticism pronounced on his sex by the 'BHiinortal bard,' when lie said — ?'Jf;man -were constant he -were perfect, Failing tliat-fills him with faults.' The- elephant Jumbo, preparatory to his removal on Saturday nest, is now petted, so as to inure Trim to the irons before tie has to encounter other changes in his present con dition, 'tattle -by little does the process of initiation go on. An official connected with the Royal HumaaeSociety is in «onst^nt at tendance at the Zoo - to see if there, is any infringement of 'the laws for the. protection of animals against crnelty. Meanwhile there : is a great deal «f Jiysteric and'- nonsensical sentiment -about tiie creature which Is 'r dis played ;ia various ways. Wedding cake, champagne,.oysters at 3s. a dozen, and buns; ad libitum and ad infinitum continue' to* be ofSSoedup to the idol of the dayj; and if elephants -were not as -sagacious as: huge, Jumbo no doubt would have succumbed' to indigestion long ago. . A niece of mine who visited feim last week Bays tbTe floor in front-, of the animal's den to the depth of geveral tiches -was covered with rejected morsels of every description; his capacity for such' delectables has either i-een over estimated, -Or otherwise the creature discerned a 'deprecia tion in the quality -of the buns. Every visitor to the Zoo desires.to cast Ms tributary morsel before the sHrjne.^anS as the supply *f cur rant cakebnihe authorised stall always now ?fails short of the demand, youare besieged by a crowd of itinerant dealers in .buns,., who infest all the entrances; to the-gaxdens-; the quality of these supposed' . comestibles being such that lip., elephant' in Ms senses would risk thedj^epsiaalmosteertainiofollovrjtheircoa sumption. I learn tiiatJumbowasi with some difficul-5VTemqved 'frop the ZbriLegisalGaT dens/ JJui for the collusion of his1 keeper1 this wo'uld have been:presumab'fylnrpossible, for only through the influence of his affection could the elephant be' induced' to. *nter his cage, or suffer himself to be Jnanacled and secured in a manner that by description seems cruel, though admitting it necesaary to secure the safety of the passengers of the '.Assyrian Monarch,' which vessel is .destined to convey Jumbo across the Atlantic Of these there are (500 steerage passengers alone, and £he saloons of the ship are more generally occupied than might be -expected, considering the gigantic shipmate who will share the voy age and whose room. I should consider more conducive to their safety than *'R company. Touching as the history of human pain are the accounts Of the grief and . suffering evinced by the animal when removed. Vainly did he kneel to implore Scott not to side with his enemies, vain were the caresses which he lavished with his trunk on his implacable keeper. Wounded and betrayed, still the huge beast retained his fealty to Scott, and with only now and then an occasional ebulli tion of anger and dismay, surrendered his huge body into the hands of his persecutors. Precautions, however, had to be redoubled, for the sagacious ammal finding his forward and backward progress barred by massive iron rods, 'commenced to sway his enormous, frame from side to side in an alarming' manner, and resenting the obstruction of vision, which a wooden window placed da front of him affected, Jumbo instantly tore it down with his trunk, though the free movement of : that monster also had been fettered so far as was deemed necessary -for the occasion. Mean while Scott, the keeper, . stood for some hours near soothing his late charge with kind words and attentions— removing, while not' himself unmoved, the moisture that trickled from the evidently suffering animal's eyes. Still obedient to every word yet mournfully convinced of his keeper's defection if not' treachery, poor Jumbo in his own way -seems to have copied the conduct of the illustrous Soman, who seeing Ms dearest friend among the conspirators seeking his death struck to the heart, cried out & fuJintte, and offered bo more resistance but-covering his face with Ms robe fell beneath ..the daggers of his assassins. The poor brute, with 'an instinct that closely resembles human intelligence s»sns now to be thoroughly disgusted and iSagred with a resignation borne of despair. ' The cage, which was drawn by six powerful horses, having- got fixed in the soft soil it remained stationary some hours, the im prisoned beast mournfully surveying the efforts made to set the vehicle going, and thrusting forth his trunk as If to «nlist tlie sympathies of the visitors who had mean while assembled to watch Jumbo's depar ture, or otherwise to beseech them for the consolation that gifts of confectionery might be supposed to afford. A very large body of police were present, for menacing letters an nouncing the intention of the roughs to liberate the animal or otherwise to retard if not prevent his progress through the streets have from time to time reached the autho rities at the Zoo and rendered the task of i Jumbo's removal an anxious as well as a dim cult one. The Cambridge crew this year is composed Of curious, and- one might say, opposing elements; but diversity of religious opinion will not interfere wifcli unanimity of desire to be fast at the goal when the great national boat race comes off. Among the members there is a Presbyterian, a Nonconformist,* a Quaker, and, report says, a street preacher also. This is a combination sufficiently un common to excite remark, and if religious difference were -an element of success, the light blues would certainly not come ? off second best in the race. i The pleasure-loving French people find it difficult to. realise that life can be anything but a burden to a lady who does not relisn the theatres, who Tides in the Bois when no one is .there to lobk at. her, who does aiofr. love society, and' is. sufficiently domestic to prefer the company of her own 'sisters to that i of any one else, and goes to bed at the unheard-of hour of 10 o'clock p.m., yet the Empress Elizabeth of Austria retains her youth, «r -the appearance of it, in a very remarkable manner, and enjoys life in her ' own fashion, and evinces an unmistakeable zest for certain chosen pleasures not included in the list of those of many ladies of her rank and station. Bosna, Iiady Bulwer Lytton, is dead. Of late so very little has been heard about this once popular authoress that many supposed her defunct long ago, and it was not until the event of her decease -was publicly an nounced -that we knew how long she had dwelt among us unremembered. Talented and brilliant, like many other possessors of exceptional mental ability, -Lady Lytton v lived unhappily with,and then apart from her husband— himself intellectual inthe highest possible degree. A stranger may ' not attempt nor the public dare to .decide on which side the fault lay. Attempts to. prove the late Lady Lytton insane were cruel ?. and happily abortive That she was eccentric in her earlier years I have the best means of -knowing, for I tun-aequa£htc&-witl» one who* knew her welL As a most unhappy woman she demanded^ the sympathy ' of ~'*aU who knew her ' story. Her only son, the Viceroy^- Jndia Tinder the late Govern ment, took sfche side oft his father in the un happy differenfies between hi3 parents. Im pulsive and imprudent* yet conscientious, honorable, and ever desirous of doing right, Lady liytton passedviaway at Sydenham a brief whileago. 'The last novel which she gave to the ^public was entitled 'A Blighted Life,' and is said to: contain much of the . history of her own career, tri-wMch thename in.ay, be said to apply most significantly. _Td establMrtive dignity as well as the an tiquity of sea. ancient house, it is necessary that thereshould be =a ghost,- and every well regulated and aristocratic family is therefore duly provided-with one. Kotverylongsincethe ominousdnHnaier of the ' AMie' established his ghostly entity in a very direct manner, and for a long: time there has been unpleasant evidence of' ''-an uncanny and - unquiet presence in the- halls of Glamis Castle,, the seat of Lord Steathmore. Every guest who ?visited there ^ad. some novel experience to relate concerning tfie mysterious ' sourBs which issued- from a locked and by pre- - sumption haunted chamber in a remote part of the castle. It 'was understood that only the noble owner and bis agent were ac quainted with the secret of that mysterious chamber, from which at times issued, sounds fraught with terror to the hearers. Howls, groans, horrible language, the rattling of dice, and other approved manifes tations of the presence of evil and dis embodied ''spirits nrere, it was said, con stantly heard : and one terrified sruest. on a certain 'occasion, -'-postively '?declared she had been disturbed in the night by a fiendish looking little man, who romped, in and out of her .bedchamber like the spirit of .mischief itself, shouting with laughter, thatchangedto lowmoans alternately with shrieksandcriesof despair and pain. There is more truth in this: than most stories of the kind. Glamis . Castle fortwogeneraJaons his been haunted, but not by a ?SeshlesS spirit. The unhappy being who emitted, the alarming sounds was, corporeal, andHias now giwn up tke ghost. : Henceforth Castle Glamis is frefe from Its' mysterious inhabitant, whose body has been ?quietly buried in the mould of mother earth, ' and the priestly benediction pronounced upon it will, no doubt, ^finally ^ lay tifiat restless -soul- which, free isroW the fetters of clay, will haunt no more the prison-houger^TOheseki for -so many —weary' years it has been entombed. Whowas te~? . —that is the question. Some closely kept family secret has been partially divulged by .. death ; that it hasbeen well preservediiitherto is proved by the fact that the heir himself was not acquaintedvwith it. ' * ' ' '. Before the commencement of the, season proper it has been suggested that there should be a revival of the reunions known, as *' Almacks,' fn.Tmlia.t» to society more'tharr half a century ago. These balls were sup . ported by subscription, and there. were- ' ^certain censors into whose hands the election 'of members ?vras/ confided. Admission to ~Almacks was a sort «f free- pass to society .generally. Kensington \ House ^ hits been -named as the place best suited for the enter' ' tainments, but as it has beensold-and, agree- ? ably to the conditions, will shortly be' pulled/ ,' -lown it, will only serve as a temporary place for meetings of this class. Sixpenny .editions, of popular literature, find ready sale. It is an excellent way of diffusing useful, entertaining, and wholesome matter to those who cannot afford to pur chase more costly issues. I hear, however, there are many complaints as to the -very indifferent type of these reprints. It would be a great pity if the worthy object in view should be defeated by blurred and illegible printing. One cannot, however, expect that clearness and excellence of type- charac teristic of more costly library editions that v wealthy persons' alone can command. '?:' Sartor Eesartus,' 'Tom Brown's School inlays,' ' Jerrold's Story of a Feather,' and ? ' Mrs. Caudle's- Curtain Jiectures ' present a ^catalogue so varied that tastes, however unlike, dflll be sure to find something to suit' them. These and very many other standard works 'can be had for the small sum of sixpence. * ' Ingoldsby's Legends ' is a book that I ought . to have added to the above list of sixpenny issues. Genius locates-itself in odd places— some- times from necessity, occasionally from choice. Irvihg,'as I nave said, lives above a trunk store; Bradlaugh has ? his habitation over a music shop ; Mr. Labouchere,,the colleague of Mr. Bradlaugh, and editor of Truth, re , -sides on classic ground, viz., in 'Pope's villa, at Twickenham.' It is said thai the commission appointed to consider: the advisability -of selling the French, crown jewels have decided to retain, the *'Ilegent,'^,-uMque stone, repiatrkablefor. its size and i weight. Several other singular- . . Specimens are also to be preserved; . The total ? value of the precious-stones -belonging- ta the Btate is estimated-.at over a- million sterling., -It has been determined to part with -about eight million, francs worth only. A relative justfeturnedfroav a short stay in the Imperial -ctty-of lioiae, during wMch- time he visited Pompeii, .gives «s-an interest ing account how in one of the-- recently esca vated streets there -was 4istiact evidence -of human remains, further search - revealing the outline of a child. The-csual process of pouring plaster of Earis into the mould left by the impression of the body teonght to light the figure of a male ? infant, Within the-house opposite to -where the form of the child lay was: found the shape of a woman, with.-8raiis-OH.tsfecetohed.4iL tke direc tion of what was 'presumably her . babe. ; A gold bracelet lay in the impression made by the arm, which tlonbtleBs; formerly clasped ihat member.. The plaster-cast of feecMld's body has not been removed to the museum, which lies just outsidethe aiteof tie partially excavated city, but placed temporarily- in a house near~to the Temple of fcis.' In the museum, says our returned traveller, there are among recovered-relics bottles, ;-eups, por ringers, lamps,ipots,vase?., money-boxes; tiles, &c;, &c;, all-made of terra cotta* In- another compartment there are models of. men and ':?-. women. Of the latter there is one showing a ^figure fallen on -her face, the arrangement df.iihe hair -and the folds of the -drapery being distinctly visible. -There is also a skull that has evenatthis date a few hairs attached to it ; -and -among ;tlie collection of articles shown in thesame dramber are-divers pieces of bread, diaed'fruitfe, cosmetics, door-catches, camps, lanSfecns, -bolts, pins, 'irorse bridles, copper vessels, eatables ©f various kinds, pincers, trowels, and. 'otbenmprementsj.aisp remains of ytiimgl' fife, ? snails, - tortoises, horses, rats, dogs, cats, {frie-mpdel of a dog, found on tile threshold -of-a -chamber, bears in iiie impression - of the collar two xingrof , bronze. On -the impression' of a woman's hand there; is a gold ringi3earingiiCT'nanie,- .'Cfcssia.' .It is-curious, says our^friead, to see so many, things which we . have 'been accustomed to ; regard ! as ' the1 products .and inventions of our' :present . and. so-called advanced civilization, that 'were evidently in. user' 'among a people who' perished very many liundred&'of years .ago. 1 have before me an ivy leaf plucked from the ruins of the Temple of Venus, -and Lottie squares of stone picked up in the enclosure. In the Temple of Isis, where the reTsDYeretL'' body I mentioned befor-enowlies, araseseral, rooms formerlyiababitod bjepriests.. In! one of 1 these was the skeleton of a priest, axe in hand, who had been overtaken by -death whiSst trying to break through ffifewalT and' so save Mmself by fligiit. -A4ittle piak-flower, something like an auricula, was bcought to me from this spot^and our fiiend- remarlaed that it gave rise m a criribus train of reflec tions to. see in a- -baker's oven SI loaves, bread destined never, to -be eaten, by those over whom at the very, time of its preparation so awful .a- Sate was impending. I omitted in my .notice ot Lady Lytton's death to say she was the great friend jof the late Vicquntess Beaconsfield. One of the eccentricities to which I previously reverted: was that of having cards printed for her pet dog, whose name was Fairy; the prefix of 'Miss,' and theaffixof 'BulwerLytton' wene both added, and her -ladyship always left -one of tihese little bits of pasteboard with her own card when calling on friends. LadyLytbon was an Irishwoman, and possessed in early youth an unusual amount of the beauty of that nation's daughters, and up to the last' hour of herlifethe high, spirit so characteristic of Shin's children. Tiat it wascmelly em- bittered by the wrongs she suffered inone-can . doubt. Alas ! that one 'finds' everywhere .parallel cases, and genius- seems fatal to ^wedded happiness in thousands t-f eases. 