THE O'CARROLLS OF GLOUGHRUE. A TALE OF QUEEN ANNE'S TIME IN IEELAND. Chapteb XXXV.— Mrs. 'Wilkins Sees Me. Booth, and What Came of the Interview. [Continued.) ' Why, my dear Mrs. Wilkins,' Booth cried, ' is it really you P' And then, saddening his voice as he went on, ho added, ' We have not once met since the death of our dear young friend the counsellor, although I oPm thought of you and wondered why yui i. ii! not give me a call.' ' You need not have wondered at all. (' n.' sTio VAnlipr! nlinvf.lv rmri -im-t.inrr Tipr;.!! in I chair he placed for her, 'for I was ^ i r ? - - 1 oi oalling and leaving my name in tin* shop, but it was always the same answer I got — 'out,' 'out,' 'out/ for ever, and nothing else.' ' Oh ! the carelessness of that apprentice of mine,' replied Booth, lifting his hands and shaking his head aadly — ' never thinks of anything. Only that, as a father myself, my nature relents towards him as an orphan, I should punish him severely for his negligence. And so you tell me you really called, and I was never told. P' ' About your being told or not, I can't say,' was the answer— for Mrs. Wilkins had not by any means that unbounded faith in the professions of the money-lender that he so smoothly took for granted ; ' but I did call very often, and here I am now again, and successful at last — -thanks to myself and no one else. But I do not want to quarrel with you ; I merely want to get an answer to a lawful question.' ' A question, Mrs. Wilkins ! My dear friend, I will answer you any question you may ask me if can, you may depend upon it,' replied Booth graciously, pushing his wig up a little from his ear, and leaning forward that he might be sure he heard correctly what she asked. ' Well, then,' she demanded, with great sturdiness, ' I want to know where Maria Weston, or rather the Widow O'Carroll, is; for her father is in Newgate prison, taken up for debt, and he wants to write to her and have himself released from it, as not a soul can know but himself what he is suffering there.1 ' Now, Mrs. Wilkins, you do not tell me this seriously ! You cannot, mean me to be lieve this .story \o be true,' exclaimed the usurer, readjusting his head-gear, and mov ing back his chair iu horror. ' The colonel, for whom I have such an old regard, in New- ' gate, and not, as I imagined, he was, down in the South, at Cloughrue, and of course - with his daughter !' ' Well, then, I just do mean you to believe ' it,' answered the woman. ' In Newgate he is, and nowhere else ; so tell me at once what - the man wants to know, and that will be of ? more use to him than all the speeches you are making, Where is he to direct a letter ? to his daughter ?' i ' My dear madam, you speak very unrea- - sonably to me — indeed, your manner to me is not at all that which, as a friend, I could ' wish it to be,' was the reply, given in a rather ! offended tone. ' I know no more where to - address a letter to Madam O'Carroll than I : know how to send one to the man in the moon, i did I 'want to communicate with him.' . ' How can you have the face to cay that,' ? cried the woman, ' when you are the executor ' to her husband's will, and when I wan (old at '. The Beeches that she was gone away some- - where with your family P' . ] ? And so I am, and so she did,' confessed 1 Booth, 'and very angry I am with my wife about the whole thing ; for I never had a line from her since she crossed the channel, save once to say they had arrived, and that the poor dear widow was so delicate they were going travelling about a little for her health, and never a word after. So how am I to tell where they are ?' ' But you are the executor,' still persisted the woman, ' and her money is in your hands, and you can get her father out of prison if you like, whether you know where she is or not.' ' Do you want to get me into Newpate along with him P' demanded Booth angrily. ' If you knew anything you would know I have no power to apply a shilling belonging to her to such a purpose without her own orders, and it is too hard that I am blamed because I refuse to commit myself to oblige another in doing an act that would be little short of dishonesty — a thing I could never bring myself to engage in.' ' By all account you are not always go particular,' answered the woman, ' and George Weston says he knows you had a good deal to do with putting him where he is, for it was coming from your place he was when he was arrested.' ' Dear, dear, was there cvei' such an accu sation made on any simple, honest man who always trios to mind his own business and no one else's unless it is forced upon him. He came here one night and behaved very violently to me and my son, saying I was keeping his daughter from him. The lady was at my place, The Beeches, at the time, and I told him so, very peaceably and clearly, and that he could see her there the next day if he chose ; but he never went, although he was expected. And so you tell me it was that night he was seized onP' ' Yes,' replied Mrs. Watkius — ' that was the night.' ' Poor man, poor man !' said Booth pity ingly, ' and we blaming him for his apparent neglect of the poor young widow, and thought he was gone off again after some treasure he used to rave about very strongly.' ' No matter what you thought then — what do you think now about helping himP1 asked Weston's ambassadress. ' He has not a stitch of clothes upon him hardly, and he will starve, if he is not assisted in some way, out of band.' Booth lifted his fur cap, pushed back his wig, and rubbed his forehead as if in per plexed meditation, while his visitor looked on in silence, until he said in the tone of one who had come to an abrupt decision : ' I tell you what I will do, although T have no right to bo always injuring my own family by my good nature to others. He wants clothes, you say. Well, I will send him some that were my Sunday suit until quite lately, in spite of: all he has been saying against me. Now ' ? ' And what is he to eat,' asked Mrs. Wil kins, ' unless he eats them — which he is cure to do unless he gets some money along with them ?' ' Oh ! Well, you drive me too hard,* was the answer ; ' and still I suppose I must do something in that wny too, out of my own pocket, until his daughter returns home. But do not say another word to me when you hear what it is, for if her gracious majesty Queen Anne herself came in person to ask me I will not do a bit more.' ' Let us hear what it is, then,' said the woman. ' I hope it will be something worth listening to.' ' I will allow him half a guinea a week, beginning with the first half-guinea now. You can call for it at the end of every seven days. But you will not get anything in advance for him, and if by accident you miss coming at the right time it will not be allowed to you the next. I run a great risk — a great risk — in doing this, for there is no saying when this young lady may be heard from or how she may take his neglect of her through all her sorrow and bereavement.' ' Then he may stay in prison after all,' said Mrs. Wilkins despondently. 'As far as I can see, lie must endeavour to have Christian resignation to stay there for a time — but I trust only for a time,' ro plied the pious usurer. ' And now I will get the clothes I spoke of for you, and the half guinea, and you had better return to him. at once, for I should not like to keep my poor friend — although he sometimes thinks hardly of me — longer in suspense than we can avoid.' The woman, having no other resource, was obliged to consent to his bargain, but had no sooner left him than, with the expression of dry humour usual to them restored to his lips, Booth took a letter from his pocket which he had that morning received from his son, and re-road a portion of it which Ejave him much pleasure apparently. It was as follows .- — ' We will stay here (London) until the time of residenc e necessary before taking out i license is completed, and then be married forthwith ; after which my mother, I thiuk, may as well return home ; but unless I take i run over myself on business I shall not take Maria back for a ?yearoruo, until all thogoGsip ibout is over, and we can tako our place juietly among the country people as the Dooths of Clour-lime. Keep the gallant colonel where he is, though, until you iiear again from me. She never troubles her head about him, nor will she either as long as she is kept amused ; but when all is settled here he may be got out, and a trifle settled upon him and Wilkins, on condition that they live, say, in Wales somewhere for the remainder of their days, as 1 do not choose that either of them should be about my wife in the future. You are not a bad match maker — what do you say to trying your hand on them, and making the ex- washerwoman, or whatever else she was, the ex-trooper's lndy ? Got your draft all right, and quite in time.' ' What a droll dog he is ! such a sense of humour !' smiled the money-lender to him self as he refolded this precious epistle, ' and yet so sensible. Surely there never was a father more blessed in his boys than I am. Every little industry of theirs prospers with them', just as this one of Ben's does now. Well, no one can say of us hereafter that our estates were grants made to troopers. By no means ; they came to us in a legitimate way, in our little quiet trading, where it would be folly indeed not to take advantage of our opportunities. I wonder how Weston will look in my old clothes!1 was his next reflection, with an accompanying dry chuckle. ' Scarce as money is I would willingly give a penny to see him in them, only the risk would be too great— the risk would be too great. T must forego my peep at him.' Chapter XXXVI.— A Family Gathering. It has been already said that when the Bit o' Beauty left Cloughrue she lef tit with mingled feelings of joy and sorrow — joy, that she was about to return to her own happy homo, hav iug helped to carry out successfully the ob ject for which she left it; sorrow, that she was never again to revisit the old place— ' the great house ' which had been as a second home to her when those now dead or banished from it for ever were dwelling there in afflu ence and peaceful happiness to give her a cordial welcome. Her husband, Dick Jones, was in much the same frame of mind as his little wife ; for, although he could not have the same ties binding him to the O'Carrolls that she had, they had been very kind to him since he came among them, and it was a source of real plea sure to him, amid all his regret for their un merited misfortunes, that he had been able to do the ' good turn by Master Owen ' in gratitude for his goodness to him which he at one time thought such an unlikely thing to be ever in his power to perform. In addition to this, the thought rose pleasantly in his inind also : ' Well, perhaps, after all, it is not so bad for Andy Eyan to have a Protestent sonin law. He need not be at anyone's beck about his holding now. He has his lease — for it is all the same ; my name ifj only a form — and I have my little Nora. So we are all right in the future. IVhiebever way the wind blows, no one can take either of them from u.c any more.' But when Mrs. Ryan returned from Cork, after seeing the treasure off safely which had been given up for lost only tho evening bo fore, she was not only surprised but alarmed to see her friends established in Drohid be fore her, fearing that something had tran spired about the butter likely to bring them all into trouble. However, the exuberant delight of her husband over his triumphant morning exploit of chasing the toooper out of his farmyard soon reassured her, and that they might be able to speak more freely about everything, it was in 'the room,' not in the kitchen, that Nora— who had been as busy as a bee since her return,' putting a stir in the house,' as the women said — prepared their supper. ' We have been wishing almost overmuch for thy coming,' observed the Quakeress to the woman of the house when, the bustle of her arrival over, they were all sitting together to their meal — ' fearful lest anything should thwart thee in thy purpose.' 'Egad, I shall believe henceforth, without the shadow of a doubt, that ' all is not lost that's in danger,' said the shoemaker plea santly. ' I should not have given a blunt tack 3resterday for finding what we were so long in search of up to the time Nora ran in in such a fright, saying sho had seen a ghost.' ' Nay, dear, nor did I say thee did either,' smiled her mother-in-law. ' I only told thee that to believe in such things would be to be very foolish, and then,' she continued, ' they all took it for granted that thee said thee saw one. But, as too much speech doth not become a woman, I did not take it on me to explain.' There was a general laugh at this Quakerly acknowledgment, and then Andy Eyan asked, addressing Nora : ' Then what did you see, little girl?' which was the favourite pet name for her. ' Since I chased that fellow up the hill this morn ing I had not a thought for anything else till now.' And he flourished his kuifo over his head as he spoke, exactly as he had flourished his blackthorn when he was taking aim at tho flying trooper in the earlier part of the day. ' Put down that knife, man,' said his wife quk'.kly, 'until you eorue to your senses, or you may fling it at some ono, thinking it was the grand colonel you had before you.' ' 'it would be bunt,' remarked the Quake- j rcss in her placid tones, when Andy laughed i and laid it down ; and then the Bit o' Beauty j told her story : ' 'It was very hot, and I believe I was a little bit cross,' she commenced ; s for I saw everybody was despairing, and I knew that Mr. Jones would certainly give up and go home.' ' And full time I did in all conscience,' put in the man spoken of. (To be continued.) 