THE LIL1PUTIAN OPERA COMPANY. Pollard's Liliputian Opera Company is an* nounced to open this evening at the Royal Pritice.-j Theatre. The company has performed with much success in Melbourne, Adelaide, New Zealand, ami Tasmania, and comes to Sandhurst with a great reputation. It consists of 100 performers. This evening the beautiful composition of PJan<joettff ** Les Cloches de Corneville'' will bo produced, and as the argument is unknown to a Sandhurst audi ence we append the following outline of the piece:— The Oomfce de Lucenay, attainted for politicaj reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter ^ Lucienne aud considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, however» foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own (which indeed happens) brings up the child aa his uiece, und«r the name of Germaine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's treasure. Ho has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attained of treason Jike Da Lucenay, and an exile from France. The grand son . of this Marquis de Corneville is, however, alive, and the interdict on the estates having been removed by the King the village gossips believe that one day the long expected heir will return. Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres flit along its corridor#,' and firhn*tly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But, in truth, these are devices of the cunning Gasp trd to frighten away all intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of'the opera a knot of girls are ort their way to the hiring fair* Amongst them ia Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspara on a bank of wild thyme in one of hi* fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the band, all » flyioff from Gaspard'a house, but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the village bailie, a pompous, meddling old fel low,' lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to opan the chateau and audit the ^3rvB.? accounts. Now Germaine has betrothed herseii to a ne'er-do-weel of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenicheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But in fact her deliverer ffW really the long-lost beir-^the young Henri 00 Corneville, now captain of an armed ship, witn A roving commission, who a year before had pQ* ashore at Honfleur torevisitthehouseof his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again returns—-w this time he resolves to take possession of M ancentral castje. The hiring fair, where he engage servants—amonpsfc others Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux (now turned coachman), concluoe the first part of the story. The sc^ne changes ■ nf the chateau. The j*°unf ine Hamuli. .... lord, with his officers and crew, torch ana swor in hand, break into the deserted rooms—ana ly their plans to surprise the adventurers, # they suppose to. be really the ghosts the village tradition. Two discoveries bean g directly on the fortunes of the two j*ero.Di are her«j made by the Marquis. Firstly, be n that the girl he rescued from the ^ea is the maine who has captivated him. but wh<^ ben>*lf bonrid in honor to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers gertaiu documents (I 'lt p* "W pardj-reftn-ririg^o 'the (li^ht of Comte de Jiucenay placing of his infatit daughter with 'k5 ™19eJ ibe vivacious TefpoJette immediately rushes theooaclqBioa that she is the noble child in tion, and thenceforth gives herself al' the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of someone n an' noqnced by the scouts—Grenicheux P'1' "■ suit of mail to watch the intruder unseen—'M Marquis and his crow retire to the armoury. * old rais-r appears—works his phantoms—liuhu ctndelabra—wallows in his gold—3tui thenc"®' swift and awful vengance. The rusty hells '"-■"T a ghostly chaunt is heard—then alegeud ®, spectres — all the dead - and bnried lnja> Corneville appear—and advance on 'he P palled miaer, who sinks w\nd -ring » terror-stricken on his gold. This startling taoi concludes-' the second part of -the sl°.V' The last aot is devoted to the unravelling ot mystery attached to Germaine. '1'h'8 '•? /i-ri patching together the hints dropped in bis ra ^ by old Gaspard—who confirms them on hn re to Banity, and owns that Germaine is no't niece, but Mdlle de Lucenay. 1° w woraent that young lady learns that she 19 ® » eiva l^aoa wheffl efas lores, for f fost ^ f>| -°*"<\--rrn -- de Cornevillo, and hot Grenichnux, »lie oved her life. Across tlio aOiious interest of the Uenouc intnt comes thj lighter texture of tierpolette's fortunes. No sooner does aha assume the silks and satins of rank than she is undeceived .13 to her real position, and has again to look forward to Habota and cotton. Over the listrotlul of the Marquis and Germain^ nome, this time gladly, the chimes of " Lea Cloelies de Corueville," 