Notes for Town and Country. ' [[Notes for this oolunin are -welcomed. They should he racy, and freo from vindictive motive.J » ¡ PUT ON FILE BY TANTALUS. i THE news of that division fairly knocked me over. I haven't recovered yet. But Friday morning saw me early at the Lands Office. Sir John was . there in'advance though. Since he has dropped the habit of stuffing his hat, pockets, and boots with State documents on Saturday nights, ?" in order to read them Sundays,"-the famous swim in the gangway of the Watson's Bay ferry boat .cured bim of that habit-Sir John is now an early bird in his office. He takes no work home any m ore.' But, bless you, he didn't look a little bit the cast down and defeated politician I expected to find. "Sit down, old fellow," he said with one of his own smiles-for which our lands lawgiver should certainly take out letters of registration. His is a very original smile. " Sit down, Tant./' he added. " You're bowled out now, ain't you ? You've como to tell me it was too had not to give you a hint of the division coming off on Thursday ? A great joke, old man ; a great joke. 'Pon my life I couldn't tell, and give you the chance to spoil it, as you usually do all the jokes I ever noticed you wrestling with, eh?" and he fairly burst with tears of laughter. It was very amusing, perhaps. But as I didn't see where the fun came in, I said so. " You don't, eh ? Well that's just like you, Tant.," he got off in those dulcet tones deputationists know so well. " You don't P well that's good. Don't you see, old fellow, that ! every man who had made up his mind to vote against us was primed with a speech ? He had it off by heart. Every man jack had. Why, bless you, the debate would have gone on till Christmas if we'd let them. They've something else to think of now, eh ? You may depend, sir, every man of them had to give his reasons for voting against the Government. Now they can give them. Oh, lor ! it's a great joko. They were like to burst, and some of 'om will, too, before the next House meets. Tant., old fellow," added the ministerial jokist, " go home. You don't understand politics." And for once I am of the same mind as the inventor of land laws. The simplicity of constitutional government is very charming. Wo are all agreed on that, but I feel bothered this week to cypher out whether we have constitutional government, or constitutional government has us. Tho point may be of somo Bervice to debating societies, should they ever be in want of a subject-a stato of things about as likely as for an editor to bo in want of something to fill up the paper. But concerning the beauties of constitutional government : They are all ¡around us. We saw them operated evening after evening in the Parliament House for weeks past, the leading features being unlimited slang whanging and efforts to bamboozle. Then, suddenly,the constitutional goverfimcntconcluded there had been about enough of that sort of thing; and after a division, and a quiet confab with his Excellency, the talkee-talkee House is shut up, and the members aro told to clear out, and try whether they aro to continue the right to come back there again. That's a constitutional dissolution, you see. Simple and easily worked. The Cromwellian plan was scarcely more easily carried out, or took less time ; and time and opportunity are everything in this age. But this brings me to the point started from, and I will be glad to see a solution of the problem whether we have constitutional government, or constitutional government has us. $ The Government have a grand showing- though, to go before the country. The Land Laws have been such a success in getting rid of the land, which process, as Sir John says, if not precisely what the land laws were designed for, is so precious like it, that those who understand the difference can do so to their heart's content. Millions of acres aro gone. Somebody has got every one of them, and the colony is where it was as an agricultural community before the days of burning prosperity set in upon us. Wo have less land under wheat by some 30,000 acres . less land ilüdér maiae by 2000 acres ; less potato land hy 4000 acres ; lees land under barley and oats. In all we have less farmed land by 65,000 acres than was under cultivation two years since. But whatdoès it amount to, after all ? The land is still in the colony, isn't it ? It is used for grazing, as it used to be, and according to the land legislation and administration of all the colonies, that is about all we have to expect ? And I shouldn't wonder a, bit to see the same squad in our Parliamentary Halls as of old ; and as able and willing to deal with the land and to help others to deal with it in the good old style. ' ' i / . Then there's the beef supply question. The man who lives till he sees beef in Sydney again below 5d per lb will see alBo that tne said beef is imported from some place beyond the seas. The colonial article is about used up. And, for one, I'm not sorry. We have got so used to chewing fibre and masticating what ought to make very fair leather, that Angora goat mutton, or some such change will be welcome. Beef/ it is clear, cannot grow without feed, and that is an article becoming smaller and lesser every season. The sheep eat out the grass stump and rump. They leave none for the cattle. So tho cattle are leaving us. There are fewer of them in the colony now than there were five years since. Let me quote from the circular of a well-known stock firm. There is no poetry or romancing with them. And they say of the cattle market :-. The numbers advised as now on tho way to market aro very moderate, and are likely soon to prove much' short of requirements ; and as tho dry weather will speedily close the stock roads, soinothing like a famine of beef may ho ex pected hero beloro tho summer is over. As the market and also graziers aro almost entirely dependent on long journeyed stock for supplies of both fat aud store cattle, and will annually becomemcrcaBiugly so, owing to tho chango from cattle to shcop goingon onsoinanylof thoiieax-or cattle runs, tho little attention given to tho siuking of wells and dams on tho stock routes, will, it is to be feared, prove a positivo calamity to tho community. 470 head wore sold m thc yards this week, two-thirds of which arrivod from tho Far North and Queensland. Those formed a moderato trade supply, and Homo of tho long- jouriioyed stock showed wusting. Tho market improved as it proceeded, and especially for cattle in good frosh order, which sold to over 30s por 1001b. That'B a lively prospect, now, isn't it ? In comparison with recent speeches from members of the Government it is very encouraging, or something very different. And I will be curious to see whether the politician's view of our great prosperity, or the stock agent's view of a cattle famine in front of us, will influence the con stituencies most. For, depend upon it, this question of meat supply, in conjunction with the land question, will have important influences upon the elections. That ia if people allow themselves to think. Two additions to the titled brigade of Austra lia. There are now Sir Thomas M'llwraith ,in Queensland, and Sir. W. J..01arke of Victoria, the former a bold speculator and party organizer ; the latter with lots of , money and the desire to spend it liberally. But. after all, an aristocracy made up of such materials may have as clean a bill for posterity as the oldar titled personages of the old land. Tho following- I take as a speoimen of the thoughts that burn and soar men's souls at election times : Sir,-Possibly tho same dip of ink whioh settled the fate of the Parliament saved the life of the miserable flre-raiser. They were the last acts of the Cabinet. Dann was sentenced to death for setting Are to a building-" for the fun of seeing the engines run," and possibly to secure the few shillings offered for the first informant concerning a fire. Should Dunn he careful now, audi improve the opportunity hy good behaviour in gaol, he may havo the opportunity to raise fire again, and possibly to destroy other lives. The Min istry, too, have hopes of another showing, and, very likely, on the platform, will be as liberal in promises for tho future as the reprieved convict, who deserved hanpfiug aa much as those who moderated the iust sentence passed uuonhim de serve political elimination. -MUDGEE. That married -women's property law of Eng land would do no harm in New South "Wales. There are mean men here. Lots of them mean enough to live lazy and use the earnings or pro perty of industrious wives. And they don't all appear in the police courts either, though a big number of that stamp do. But others aro more of tho sort who affect the block during after noons, and oglo the gentío creatures who experts Bay are eyer 1 disposed to look kindly- upon',the other sox'who have cheek enough; . . The action for libel mania has been travelling up north, and ono candidate for heavy damages has got more than he bargained for.. He pro fessed himself wronged to an extent which damages, and nothing phort of some thousands, could qualify. A newspaper fellow, it seems, had said portions of a lecture he delivered were filthy, and the lecturer a designing quack. This was rough, but a Queensland jury decided that the description was correct, and the comments justifiable. Were equally plain writing per missible in N. S. Wales, there would be some lively paragraphs, and many parties would have to take to. moro creditable ways of making a living than not a few follow now. Such cattle find it profitable to'fleeee our libel law protected society. Upon reading the following a first time, I thought the writer had ruade out a case against the gentle "Gipsy," who, I'feel sure, would be amongst the last to offend against good taste : Mr. Tantalus,-Sir,-T should liko " our paper" all tho better if there wero not so much of it devoted to reports of dancing parties. This is the case especially in tho" .Ladies' Page," and I cannot help thinking that wero tho parties who pen these notices aware of tho evils resulting from dancing1, we should hoar less of it. -Yours, HAKUIET BALMER. There is good authority, though, for both the performance and tho reporting. Look up your good book, and you will see many cases of the kind that I need not quote. But perhaps you refer to abuse of dancing, If so, count me in, and add to the catalogue that abuse of any amuse ment comes into the list, abuse of cricket, foot ball, lawn tennis, and, croquet being of the number. A caso cropped up at the police court, Sydney, on Saturday, which was suggestive of cannibalism not far off. A sailor was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and in course of examina tion it came out that a portion of ono finger was bitten off, and the flesh torn from another por tion. Tho mutilation, tho sailor said, had oc curred in a scrimmage, in which his opponent had tried to cat him, and had succeeded to tho extent exhibited in court. His "Worship was so much impressed that he recommended tho sailor to lay an information for cannibalism. It would seem that maneating is not yet a recognised in stitution amongst us, notwithstanding the scarcity of other meat. So teetotal policemen are handicapped in a manner which must bo awkward for them : Dear Tantalus,-Wo have had a singular police casó horo, or rather a case brought on by tho Licensing Law prosecu tions. A policeman charged a publican with selling liquor on Bunday. He hid seen, he testified, a, person leave the public house with a billy. He stopped tho person, and saw that tho hilly contained heer. Such -was the policeman's charge, hut tho publican's lawyer asked for a postpone ment. He hadevidtmce he said, to bring forward ; ana sure enough, at the next court he produced persons who swore that the billy in quostion.Jand on tho Sunday in question, contained tea I There wasn't a drop o' he: r 'nit! And that policeman had to own up that he hadn't, t ted what was iu the billy. He was a teetotaler, hut ho smelled hear all over ho alleged. Tho case was dismissed. You just bet, Tant., old follow, that publican wiP ho careful about the tea he supplies on Sunday in futu.-j. Only 311 proposals for raising the Austral had been made to the representatives of the Orient Co. up to Wednesday. And every proposal fore shadows a certain cure, if the sum mentioned is paid down. The amateur ship raisers having bad their say, the poets have come forward in brigades. I suppose there are enterprising publishers in Sydney, though where they are is outside oí my experience. But supposing such to exißt, it might pay to collect the Austral poetry, and pub lish it in memory of the event, lt would b© original, very. Here's a specimen : Sunk 1 gone down in a storm, ah no ! But in waters calm and still, The Austral lies foundered down below, And many will wonder how it is BO, ; *.! Till they learn tho reason why. Nob to disappoint the reader, this poet gives this as "the reason why" : It ia not human skill alone, ?".» : Applied to ships as woll as men, Can keep them safe if God sees flt, Their well laid plans are oft upset, - ?. .. Tor so it is His will. -. . And since we've got amongst tho poets, this other one may as well have an airing. . If ¡I understand his case aright, one of the number I has gone over. I can't say I'm sorry, The sub ject is: I , A BARD'S EPITAPH, v; Go, wreath his harp with rolls of crape, y, In darkened room then hang it ; mi vqj M ; ;., w; That ghosts and ghouls of every shapa . With tears and groans may twang it. :????:?>,?? i;,. > And let "oppression" keep its den, And wrong remain at ease ; ?' , ; ( He never lashed them with his pen- , -V ;. ? HÍB words were all to please 5 \ \- , His sonirs revealed committed sin , .< :,. .... -In mournful whining tones. . . V . As if tho public cared a pin For all his grunts and irroans. . ' SX., g. : 