HI8 OWH TRAP. CiumeiiI.— A Casc or Mistakes Identity. ' 'Albright, bracing day at'Sandridgo, with tho trailer sun lighting up tlict' life and color of tho ' harbor, while a coolwestorly broozo ripples tho "grey-green- water, and increases— as it blows ; smartly out' tho ensigns anu pennants of tho squadron' anchored- in tho- Bay— that peculiar 'hlerlncss'of appearance which is characteristic of tho British- ship of war. It is concerning the ap. ! pendagea in question that an oldorly gentleman, ' apparently- altogether innocent of nautical lore,- pitta a question' to tbo' person who happons to f stand beaido him on tho pier. " What d'yo call that long thing tlioy'vo got at tho top of tho highest mast?- It looks liko tho ' th'ong of a whip from here;"' , The young man addressed appears to possess ' more Unowledgo on snoh points, and he cour. teou3ly explains, ' ' -"That, sir, "lio says; "is tho pennant which all'raen-of-war carry. Even if there wore nothing 'elso'tb go by, that' alone would distinguish the armed ship from tho merchantman." "Indeed!" says thoqaeristV "And' that' dad at the hinder part of tho vessels? I don't boo it on any of these ships at the pier." " .1 "That is the white St. George's ensign. It is : only used by tho navy. Merchant ship3 fly tho rod ensign." i'L . "Butonoof the war vessels has also a largo flag flying at tho top of tho hinder mast ?" - "Yes ; that's the Incontrovertible, 'the Ad miral's ship, and the flag yoU speak of is his. It's flying at tho mizzen-mast head -because he is a rear-admiral on!'. Wero lib a vice-admiral, tho flag would be at tho fore, or if an admiral, at the main," "Thank you,'' says tho old gentleman, moving off, but only to roturn in a few moments with a fresh question. " There's a lot of Httio flags being run up on the admiral's ship just now ; and, see— this one nearest us is doing the same. What docs that moan?" "Tho admiral's tbo far away for mo to make out his signal without a glass, hut this ship next us is answering to tho effect that sho will sond a boat' immodiatoly." " Ah, just so !" said tho old gentleman, chang ing his tone and appearing to become suddenly and mysteriously younger. "Now, Mr.-' Jamos Bolton, I'll just trouble you to como off with me to the Carisbrook." "The Carisbrook?" said the othor; in astonish, mont. " What should I go with you to tho Caris brook for ? And what do you moan by calling mo Bolton? My name is Fethorstono !" " Tut, tut !" was tho reply, "what's llio good of keeping up thefarco ? Your namo is Bolton ; you aro a desertor from H.M.S. Carisbrook, and as snob I arrest you. I am a dotootivo officer, and I- must say that you woro a precious flat ' to run your head into tho lion's mouth in this 'way," The young fellow laughed good-humorodly, as ho stood tho centro of the group into whioh tho loungers on tho pier had, as a matter of course, consolidated. "You aro under somo strango mistake," ho said, "My namo, as I havo told you, is not Bolton, and I was never on board tho Carisbrook in'iny life." Tho detective beckoned to a constablo who had boon attracted by tho fast-increasing crowd. " Well, Mr. Clutchor," said tho holiueted functionary, pushing his way to the centre, " What havo ye in hand now ?" "Oh, not much, " unswerod tho appropriately namod detective. "Only ono of tho deserters from tho squadron I'vo got hold of. Of courso ho denies being tho man, and, as he's a biggish sort of olmp, I may want your assistance." "Ail right!" said tho constablo, fcoling for his handcuffs. "But, if tho young man takes my advice, he'll go quietly. What is ho ?" " Marine, " said the detective, pulling out his note-book. "Jamos Bolton, corporal of Royal Marino Light Infantry— deaorted 3rd of July. Eight pounds roward for his apprehension." Tho constable, a shrowd and grizzled old Irish- man, looked hard at tho supposed marine, who was neatly dressed in grey, nnd had an unmis takably gentlemanly appearance. "Sure, then" ho remarked, "liodocsn't look -liko it ! But, if ho is the right man, it's himself 'that was the born fool to como down horo at all !" "Jnstwhatl told him," said tho dotoctive. : "However, ho can't liolp himself now, and, as to bis boing tho right man, there's littio doubt of -that! Just listen!" and Mr, Clutchor refcrrod again to liis note-book. "Five feet eight ; erect and well built ; dark blue oyes ; brown hair and moustache ; broad forehead ; short, straight nose. Why, it's tho man to a T 1" " 'Tis,"assonted tho constablo, " in everything but tho hoight. This young man's as tall as me— . fivo foot tin, if bo's an inch. " "Oh, that's nothing!" Baid tho- detective. ' " Very easy to mako a mistako in the hoight. -Besides, bo knows ail about ships of war. Told me tho mooning of tho signals, and so forth." "Troth, an' I'm thinkin' that same's mora than a corporal of marines would bo likoly to 'dot"' " Yon are right, constable, said tho disputed identity good-humoredly. "I havo boon in tho navy, but uot in tho capacity which it appears was adorned by tho missing Mr. Bolton. How- over, to put an end to this absurd scene, I will ,go on board tho Carisbrook with this over- positlvo gontleman. Tho. trip will bo no hard- Ship, and whou, as ho is sure to do, ho discovers his mistake, ho will not hare so much to apologise for aftor all." But thcovor-positivo gentleman thrust his tonguo into his chock as ho romovod his chargo to tho boat landing. "A final offortto bam. \- boozlo mo," he thought. ."Won't do, though, my friond." Thcio was only one man-of-war boat at tbo stairs— tho steam launch of tho Tournamont, and Clutchor, addressing tho mon on board of hor, inquired if any of tbo Carisbrook's boats '.woro likely to como ashore soon. Tho- mon lookod up, and, divining,- by tho prcsonco of tho policeman, that tho tall young man in grey was a prisoner, thoy tnrnod thoir quids, in thoir moutlia and answered only with a growl. -Just thon, howovor, as luck would havo it, ono: of the Carisbrook's cutters mado her : appearanco, palling in for tho landing, and no sooner was she alongside than tho petty officer in : charge of her removed evory vestigo of doubt from-thodoteotivoia mindbyhis oxolamation, as ho ran up tho stops : . « Hallo,. Bolton I So you're nailod, are yon ? I'm sorry for it; bntyouworoa fool ovor to glvo < us tlio'slip I" ' i a " Thia man donies that ho is Bolton," said the dotoctivo- , " Denies it, doo.s ho ?" sab' tho othor, who was a boatswain's mato- "That won't sorvo him mnch. I suppose you're going aboard with him?"-.- - : "Yes; wlion doe3 your" boat roturn to the ship?" "As soon as tho marino arrives from tho P03l offico with tho Bhip's lottors. And here ho comes, too ; so you may get your man iuto the boat as soon as you liko." . Still smiling, tbo supposed Bolton took bis piaco in tho stern-shoots of tho cutter, with Clutchor besido. him, and tho. twelvo oarsmen staring at him as if they were not quito so sure of his identity as was - thoir coxswain. In fact, ono of them said as much. "Thatain't Jom Bolton 1" horomarked. "Indood?" saidi tho boatswain's mate, with ironical politeness. "Woll, Mr. Timothy Dob- son, if you'll just montion that to tho captain when wo got on board, I'vo no donbt ho'll sand the man ashore again at onco, out of dcfercnco to your privato opinion 1 Eh, lads?" and tho speaker winked at tho rest of tho seamen. But the othors appear cd to share the doubt3 of their comrade, for no appreciative grin responded to tho wink, and presently tho unabashod Timothy repeated his assortion. " That's no more Jem Bolton," ho said, "than I'm Frinco Louis of Battonburg ! Ho's un common liko Jem, thoro's no donbt, but bo's a good two inches-tailor." "Give., way, mon," said ,tho coxswain, im patiently. -"I'vo an old pair of spoctaclos some where on board," ho added, as >tlio twelvo oars dipped liko ono,. "and I'll rummage 'cm out for you, Tim Dobson ; it's ovident yon want 'om badly 1" Mcanwhilo tho subject of this, conversation had lighte'd a cigar at which, much to tho cox swain's astonishment, ho continued to puff away calmly during tho twonty minutes occupied in reaching tho ship. " Well, you arc a cool hand, and no mistako," growled tho lattor as tbo boat ronndod under tho store of tho Carisbrook ; but you'd best pitch that thing away before you go up tho Bido. Tho second luff has tho dock, and you know what a sharp 'un he is." And a "sharp 'un" tho Bccond lieutenant soon showed himself to bo, though not exactly in tho way tho spcakor anticipated. "Leavo two hands in tho cutter, Gregory," ho said, as tbo petty officer, mado his appearanco on deck, "and soo her hoisted up. "Whom have wo hero ?" ho addod, as his eyo fell upon Clutcher and his prisoner. "Iam a detective ofiioor," said tbo former, " and I havo come on board with ono of your de serters— James Bolton by namo." "Bolton, eh?" said tho lieutenant, stepping briskly to tho side to look down into tho boat. "Where is he ? I don't.sce him 1" " Is not this tho man?" said the astonished Clutchor, indicating his prisoner. "That? — no, cortainly not? Very liko him in tho face, hut a much taller man 1 May I ask your name, sir ?" "Fotlieratone," roturuod tho young man, with a bow. " I mentioned tho, fact to this worthy person, but ho insistod that ho know better than I did." "Ho answers tho description very olosoly," said tho non-plusscd dotoctive. . "No doubt ; but why didn't you ask tho men' in tho boat before you put yourself 'to such: trouble and this gontleman to such inconveni ence?" "Why, so I did!" said.Clutcher. "I a3kcd . tho man in chargo of .tho boat, and ho said it was Bolton, boyond a doubt." j "What! Gregory!" said tho nontenant, turn ing sharply to tho boatswain's mate. "Is that: so, sir ? Did yon say this poreon was Bolton ?" - "Why,, sir," commoncod tho abashed Gregory, "I thought" "Thought?" interrupted tho officer quickly.: " I've half a mind- to put you under arrest 1 Man tho cutter again, and put theso pooplo. on shore- immediately. As for yon, Bir," ho added, turning to Mr. Fcathcrstono, "I urn truly sorry for tho- inconvenience yon havo been put to through this 1 stupid blundor, and I beg to apologise to you on bohatf of H.M.S. Carisbrook." "Pray don't mention it," said Fctberstono, as he descended the side. "I havo boon moro amused than inconv'onienccd." 1 And then, as the boat gathored way again for tho shore, thogrmning face of Timothy Dobson,, A.B;, looked down at the crcstfallon Gregory, and a voice, snbdacd but distinct, was heard to say— "What about them there specs, eh? Bottor keop 'om for youraolf, hadn't you ? You wants 'om badly, yon know.'.' OsAPTEa II.— A Henpecked: Husband. ' "Did you know that Dick had coma bock?" said Dr. Smart , to Ills danghtor. Oaroliuo, as ho entered tho ' room where sho was pouring ont -tea. " ."No I" was tho surprised answor. "Ho ex pected to remain in MolBourno for a fortnight, at tho least." . : ' . "Yos,Iknow; but Parker,. tho chemist, told mo just now that ho saw .Fothorstono pass tho shop about two o'clock this afternoon. Strango that ho hasn.tbeen horo before noww" " Very strango" answered - Carolina 6mart, as- eho h&ndodhcr; futhor his! tea. " Parker may havo beon mistaken." " Parker's hot tho sort! of person to! mako mistakes/' putin tho -doctor's wifo,a-hard.faced and angular lady, who looked as if sho herself did not dftou mako mistakes, andhad littio mercy uponthwewho did, i .- I Nor did Mrs. Smart's appearanco bclio her. Sho was a hardy worldly woman, who rulod her easy going husband with a rod of iron, and com bined a profound respect for appearances with a remarkably keen eye lb tho main chanco. In deed, it was tho last mentioned quality in her nature which lent so mncli asperity to hor tones as alio went on to say that, if Dick Fctberstono had really returned to Terurahah, it was highly remiss and unbecoming of bim not to havo called at once. Why this was so needs a word of expla nation. Tcrumbah wa3 a flourishing township in tho western district, and Dr. Smart, now a stooping, grey haired, gentle facadman of sixty, had beon settled in the neighborhood for many years. Ho had ono son and one daughter. Tho son, who was at the time with which wo havo to do- about twenty years of age, was articled to a firm of solicitors in Mclbourno, and was a young man after his mother's own heart. Wide awako and grasping, ho bade fair to dovolopo into tbat most lamontablo of objects, a youthful misor ; whilo his precocious worldlincss and unwholesome cunning had procured him from hin . associates tho re versal of his name — Alexander Smart — into tho sobriquet of "Smart Alick." Caroline Smart, too, bad inherited a large share of hor mother's selfish nnd calculating disposition, and though, as sho sat there impatiently tapping her saucor with hor toa-spoon, few would havo disputed her claims to be called a beautiful girl, there was a moan,, hard look about her eyo and mouth which 'is as unusual at hor age— fivo-and-twonty, or so— as it is unpleasant to meet with, . StiU— a tall, woll-formcd girl, with regular features, light blue oyes, and pale gold hair — tho impression sho had mado upon Dick Fctkcrslone's heart was perhaps not much to bo wondered at, Richard Fothorstono was tho orphan son of parents who bad occupied a good position in tbo county of Kent. His father, indeed, had been but modoratcly woll-off until— somo nine years before tho period of our story— ho inherited tho property of. a younger brother, who had died, rich and ehildloss, in Victo ria. Tho chlor Folhorstone, however, did not long survivo the improvomont in hi3 circum- : stances, and, dying intostate about a year after . his brother, tho property devolvodupon Richard, who had thon eeen several years' servico in tho navy. Giving up hi3 profession, the yonng man had thereupon como out to Anstralia, and was now living on his station, not far fromTornmbab. Ho was at thi3 timo about twenty-seven, and it may readily bo conceived that tho parents of Carolino Smart looked with favorablo eyes npon his regard for thoir daughter. Dr. Smart liked tho young man for his ovrn sake, whilo Mrs. Smart was so eagerly anxious tosccure him as a son-in-law that, as wo havo scon, sho hailed with dread the slightest appearanco of a slackening in his attentions. It may bo doubted, however, whether, after all, this regard was a vory deeply rooted ono. Fothorstono, it is truo, wa3 strongly undor tho inflaenco of tho girl's undoubted, boauty, whilo sho, on hor part— though incapable of any really deep or sincere affection— omitted no art that might servo to rivet tho connection ; but, for all this, he was conscious of a certain vague antagonism- botween- thorn. There was an indefinite something in tho woman against which an equally indefinite instinct in .the man's higher and moro generous nature was continually warning him. And, strango to say, though barely aware of tho- fcoling himsolf, there were not wanting others who saw it plainly enough. Mrs. Simmonds, who was tho 'scandalmonger in ordinary to tho district, and who— sad to relate— was abo tho wife of tho in cumbent, had beon repeatedly heard to say that sho didn't beliove yonng Fothorstono cared two straws about that stnek-up girl of Smart's, and that, for her part, she thought little Mary Jordan stood tbo better cbanco of tho two of becoming Mrs. Fethorstono of Gundarling. These remarks, as a matter of course, found tboir way in duo course to the oar3 of Mrs. Smart, and served to increase, in no small degree, her anxiety to bring matters to a settlement; so that when Dick Fothorstono announced his intention of running down to Melbourno to refresh his naval recollections by a look at tho detached squadron lying tlioro, his prospcctivo mother-in- law had opposed tho plan as strongly as Bho darod without tbo much: oxposing her hand. But Diok had gono for all that, and having now, as it appeared, prematurely rotarned, tho doctor's wifo was filled with angry suspicion be causo ho had not at onco presented himself at tho doctor's house. " Upon my word, Smart," aho said to her hus. band as ho was rising from tho toa tablo, "I tbink yon ought to try and hnrry matters a little. If I woro yon I'd ask tho young fellow plamp when ho moans to — to " "To marry Carolino, you would say, my dear," pnt in tho quiot volco of tho doctor. "The affair is not of sufficient standing yot to justify mo in doing anything of tho kind. Mr. Fothor stono has declared his intention of marrying your daughter, and to pnt any snoh question at pre sent, 03 yon propose, wonld savor, to my mind, of an indecent haste in the matter." "My danghtor!" exclaimed Sirs. 8mart. " Anybody would' think, ' to hear you spoak,' that sho was not your daughter as weil'; though, to bo sure'/ I'm glad CO say she don't- takb mncli after yon— with- your old- fashionod moliy.coddlo notions about indeconoy, and hastcj andao forth I Onowonld imagine1 you wore ' rolling in -money; ybu-are so c»ay over this matter, ffh 9 boat' catbh In ' tho neighborhood 'I— and yonspOak-aa If we could afford to' throw away any chanco of suo. cess." Tho doctor smilod as ha drew -on his glovci and buttoned bis orcrcoat. Ratlior a shabby overcoat it was, and its wearer ns ho answered,, cast a meaning glance from its well-worn sleeve to the showy, and oxpensive garmonts of wifo and daughter, _ ' " , " I fear, my dear," ho said, "tball shalL never havo the chanco of rolling in inonoy, ns you put it, and I am not insensible to tbo advan tages of this match ; but, for all that, I wouldn't encourage it if I didn't liko tho young man him- solf. I do like him, however, and for thatroason I shall cortainly not display an cogcrncss which, sb I said just now, would bo scarcely dccont, and which, after all, I can'tsay tbat I really fool?' "Of courso not I" returned Mrs. Smart, sir- castically. "Of courso you wouldn't care it your wifo and daughter woro going about in rags, as long as you had money to spend on your rubbishing books and instruments. But I cars, if you don't, and I'vo a good mind to bring youDg Fothorstono to book mysolf, at tbo very first opportunity 1" " You aro scarcely just, Maria," said her hus band, witii his hand upon tho door. " Woro it not for tho books and instruments you spoak of you would scarco!y havo oven tho rags you are now wearing ; whilo, as for yonr intontion ol bringing Dick Fothorstono to book, yon aro not likely to further your object in that way. The young fellow wunt3 ncitbor for brains nor spirit, and, ton to ono, you'd only succeed in disgusting him. I think your own sonso should mako yon soo tbat." Mrs. Smart could not but mentally admit that her husband was right, though tho fact did not tend to mollify hcrfoeling3 towards him, and it was with an increased bitterness of tono that-aho addressed her daughter as soon as tho door had closed npon tho doctor. "You'll havo to press matters on yourself, Carolino. Your father is showing himsolf in this just tho samo good-for-nothing creature ho always has beon ; so you'll have to boatir your- Bolf, or wo may bo loft in tbo lurch after all !" No fooling of maidenly revolt at tho hard shamelcssncss of this advice appeared to ariso in Carolino Smart's mind as hor mother spoke. "Noverfcar!" sho answered, with a shrug of her white, shapely shouldorB. "I'vo got him safo enough ; though I can't understand why ho hasn't putin auappoaranco before now, if Parker really saw him at two o'clock to-day." "NorcanI," said. hor mother. "And what makes tbo thing moro suspicious, to my mind, is tbat tbcro havo boon rumors about Diok Fctbcrstonc and tbat cbit of a girl of Jordan's. So it won't do to bo ovor- confidcnt, you soe." Caroline Smart, however, only laughed corn tcmptuously, us aho mado a swift mental com parison of hor own personal advantagc3 with thoso of tho girl roforred to. " A littio, brown-faoed thing liko that 1" sho tbougbt, as sho glanced at the glass over the manteipicco. "No, I am uol afraid of Mary Jordan." But sho had forgotten tbat pcrhap3 seven anon ont of ton prefer a short woman to a tall ono, and that tho brunc numbers to tbo fall as mauy ad mirers as tho blonde, whilo she was at tho same timo blind to tho fact that Mary Jordan surpassed her far iu tho highest beaut' of all— that of ex- pression. It soon turnod out that Dick Fethorstono had not returned to Tcrumbah aftor all, for when, the following day, Dr. Smart accosted him — or thought he did so— in the street, ho discovered that ho was speaking to another porson. Won derfully liko Dick, certainly, lbs young mau was, but shortor by somo inches, and. dressed in a rough-and-ready fashion which yonng Pother- .stono was not wont to affect. Entering into con versation with the stranger, Dr. Smart soon camo to tho conclusion that this must havo boon the person who had been soon in the , township tho day before. William Martin the man Baid his nsmo was, and voluutoored the further information that, having como up from Molbourno in search of work, ho had been pro- .misod a job by tho overseer of tho Gundaritng Btation. < " Gundarling 1" thought the doctor as ho walked away — "that's another coincidonco 1 1 wondor what Dick will say whon ho moots his double?" Gundarling was tho name of Fothorstono's station, and tho worthy doctor laughed to himsoll . as he speculated npon the mistakos which might easily arise from tho wondorfnl resemblance be tween tho two young mon. i "If it had not boon for tho difforenco in dress," ho said to his wifo and danghtor- after wards, "I don't think I'd havo noticed thi difference in height, and I'vo got as sharp oyos iu most men." " Yon'vo got an oxcollont opinion of youraelL Smart, I know," said his wifo, who nevor missed an opportunity of snubbing her gontlo-temporci husband. "What othors may think of youjis quito anothor matter I" . '" " I did not mean to boast,' my doar," «sid the doctor; " I merely . roforred. to. tbo habit ol observation which my I profession tends to de- volop. But, at any rate, tho two yonng men: an so wonderfully alike that tlioro are sure to be somo ludicrous mistakes mado st the station, 1 II will.bo theComody of .Errors ovoragain,: Gad l" . exclaimod'tho doctor, as his recollootions of , the play in question suggested the idea, "porhape ;thfcse two may also, by somo strange chance, turn . out to . bo twin brothers I" « yol cortainly do talk dreadful rubbish t" ro- turnod his wifo, who, diko too. reony .'persons ol obsonro extraction,, waa-sovcroly aristooratle in lior ideas. " A common, laborer— a tramp, ou« may say — the brother o£ Mr. Fothorstono, of Gumlarling ! And, what is more," sbo continued, referring to tho mild expletive which had slipped from h'cr nnfortnnato spouse, " I will thank yon, Br. Smart, hoi to indulge in 'profanity "before ' your wife and daughter 1 I know, of course, that . yon care nothing for their feelings in' such matters, but yb'u ought to rcmctnbcr what other people might say. " Well, my dear," said the doctor, roused into something like a retort, but wisely preparing at the same time to make his exit from tho room— " If only you oould mako it convenient to say ' rather less on 'every snbject than yon do, I should not trouble myself much about what others ' said!" CiiArrun III,— A Sharp Practitioner. In duo tiinftDiek Fothorstono returned to To- roiribab, and had no sooner set eyes on tho so- called - .William Martin than ho was corivinood that llio man was no other than that deserter from tho Oarisbrook for whom ho himself had . been mistaken by tbo detective officer. Being a good-natured and generous fellow, however, bo, kept, his own counsel on tho subject, and, al lowed Martin to work on at tho station in happy ignorance . of .tho fact that his idontity with Bo'ton, tho absconder, was suspectod by any- body in tho locality. Indeed, Fotlierstono's own concerns were by this time sufficient to engross all his attention,. He felt himself placed in a difficult position, for his repugnance to Caroline . Smart had increased, instead of diminishing, with time, and though, as a man of honor, ho felt bound to fulfil the promiso which had been almost— as ho .told himself bitterly at times— extracted from him, ho rogarded the prospect with auything but the traditional feelings of an Qigaged man, ; Matters wero in this state when Dr. Smart's son arrived unexpectedly from Melbourne. He . had been entrusted by his omplcyera ivlth the conduct of an inquiry in England, and had come to pay a short visit to his family before sailing; ' riot, small as was tho time at his disposal, Smart Alick justified his nickname by making himself . acquainted, insido the twenty-four hours, with the business of everybody in and around Torum- ball. Over the resemblance between Fetherstone and Martin he was particularly exercised in mind. mm was board to express his belief that " there wrs something in it I" ''Don't you he in t oo great a hurry, old lady !" said the astute youth to ln's mother, when she had been expatiating or. tho unsatisfactory con duct of her daughter's Jtatici!. " What does the 6jil gentleman say about.it, eh?" . "Say!" echoed. Mrs. Smart, with a snort of ., contempt. "Just what you might expect him to say— that it would't be decent to hurry matters, and a lot of twaddle to that effect j" . "Hum ! Ha I" exclaimed her Eon, reflectively. "I don't know that it's twaddle, either. The governor's head is screwed oil right enough in tlio main, though I admit he's terribly soft in some things, and lie ain't far out in thinking that it might spoil all to force the pace too much. But I've another reason for thinking we'd best- not be in , a hurry ; and,, in any case, if Mr. Dick should cry off, he's good for thumping "damages." "What's your other reason?" asked Mrs. Smart, somewhat comforted by tho pecuniary consideration thus nakedly placed boforo her. "3 won't mention it just now," returned tho cautious young gentleman, "because there may bo nothing in it, after all. I'm going to mako a fow' inquiries tc-day, and in the meantime yon'd brst warn Carrie not to force the running with bur pastoral friend. What d'ye think of ray togs ?" lie added, by way of changing tho subject. "They're well enough," answered his mother, whose taste- was not such oa to condemn tho extravagant version oftheprevailingfashionwith which Smart Alick had already astonished the natives of Tcrumbah. ."Weil enough !" repeated her son, compla cently surveying in tho mantol-glaBS as much of his person as his stunted stature permitted him to . behold'tlierciii. "I should think Ihey were ! If . .J.bothertbogovornor for money, he can't say. but . my get-up docs thefamily credit !" and, whistling oir.from Pinafore, Smart Alick loft the room \- .and. tho house. . On this occasion, howover, ho made no attempt >.!tb: dazzlo tlio: .township with his metropolitan glories, for he Iost.no timo in getting but of it and taking the read to Guridoriing. His inten tion, nevertheless,' was not, Ob might naturally \- havo been expected, to pay a visit to his pros pective brother-in-law, nor, indeed, did he get as ' far as the station at all, for, as ho traversed a paddock within about a mile of the homestead, he saw approaching him a man oh horseback, who, from tho exclamation with which his ap pearance was hailed, was evidontly tho object of Smart Alick's excursion. ' "Scissors !" he said, "there's tho very man himself ! . I'm in luck 1 I can have a quiet talk with hiin now without having to show up at the homestead at all. How d'ye do, Kogor ?" he called out as the other approached him. "You know, mo, don't you T' Tho ' equestrian was a small, lean, old man, ' with long solemn features and a stubbly .white beard. Ho had a short pipe in his mouth, and sat his wiry stockliorso like a man who spent half his life in tho saddle. ":"Ay,.I knows you," he returned,' "You're Dr, Smart's son, aint jou?" "Cor- root?" replied Smart Alick, "And, if you can spare mo a quarter of an hour, I want to ilioVo a few quiet words with you," " What about?" said tho old follow. ' "Just you got oil your horso, and.I'il tell you," returoncd tho young man, displaying a halt sovereign between his finger and thumb. The hint wasfioi lost upon Itoger, as' ho had been called) and slowly descending from his " horse he led tho animal along by Smart Alick's 'side!. . - ! - ". Well now, look hore 1" said tho latter, ' 1 1 it's always best to eomo to tho point atoned.'. There's ' the half sovereign for you, intho first place, and "in tho second, I wanttoaskyouafewqustions. If . you can givo me tho information 'I wont, you shall bo well paid for it ; if not; there's no harm done. Yoii'vo seen this WilliamMartid, as ho calls him self, that's working at Gaiidarling?" The old man nodded assent. ' - - < "He's wonderfully like Mr. Ferthcrstone, ain't 4»'" Again Roger nodded bis head without speak ing, though his wooden countenance now began to show somo tokens of intorest. ' " So like' that it's hard; to tell one from'tbo ether," wonton Smart Alick. "Aslikoas two peas, or "—sinking his voice impressively—" as liko as two brothers." Roger stopped short, and whistled long, and shrill, as who should say, " Sits tho wind in that quarter?" The other stopped too, and faced the old man, looking hard into his eyes the whilo. "I'vo hit tho right nail ontho head 1" thought- Smart Alick. "There's something in it, as I said thoro was. You ilou't speak;" ho added, aloud. "I know yon wore in tho employment of old Fothorstono in England, and I seo by your faoo that thoro is something you could tell me if you obose. So out with it, Roger Birtwistle ! — I'll mako it worth your whilo." \- " Supposing I tan tell something," said Birt wistle, after a pause ; "what do yon want to know it for?" "That's my affair ! All you've got to do is to take your money and hold your tonguo." " What put such an idol into your hoad at ail? About brothers, I mean." " Simply this," replied Smart. "No such striking likeness betweon two persons has ever been seen, except in tho oasd of brothers— and twins at that.' Plenty of closo resemblances there are in other instances, but never such as to ren der it difficult to toll tho one man from tho other." For some moments the old man reflectively rubbed his stubbly cbin, the othor watching him, meanwhile, ont of the corner of his eyo " I think I can guess what you'ro drivin' at," said Birtwistio then ; " but, as you Bay, that's no affair of mine. So, tho point is, what'll you givo me for what I can toll?" " Say a couple of sovs." Tho old man shook his hoad. 1 ' Five pounds, then ?" " 'Tain't enough 1" \- It was now Smart's turn to ponder, and, after a rapid raentai review of the probabilities of the case, ho signified £10 as his ultimatum. "I can pump him dry," ho thought, "and then please myself as to paying him." "It ought to be moro," said Birtwistio, pre paring to mount; "but I supposo it'll have to do. Tell mo when I'm to meet you again, and then, off you go 1" . "Off I go?" 6aid Smart in astonishment. " Where to?" '" Why 1" returned the old fellow, -with one foot intho stirrup, "didn't yon say you'd give ten pounds?"- "Yes." " Well, then, off you go to getit 1" and, -throw ing his leg over tho saddle. Mr. Roger Birtwistle grinned affably down upon the discomfited Alick. " What 1 Roger 1" exclaimed the latter, en- deaavoring with no great success to aBsitmo a look of injured' iunoccnce. " D'ye meau to say you won't trust mo ?" " That's precisely what I does mean to say 1" was the reply. "Folks doesn't call you Smart \- lick for nothin', you know ; so, when you brings me tho £10 you shall know what I know, and not before I" Thore was no help for it ; and so, after making an appointment with the wary Roger for that evening, tho somewhat crestfallen Aliclc was fain to take his way hack to Terumbab, as wise as he came. "Ten pounds 1" exclaimed Mrs. Smart, when in private conference her son had communicated to her his pressing need of that sum. "Whero's tho money to ccaic from I should like to know? Go and ask your father. I am suro ho is tho ono to apply to, though, from the stylo in which hois throwing away moucy, it's a mercy that we have a roof to cover us or a morsel to cat 1" " Throwing away monoy 1" echoed her son, in; great surprise. "The governor throwing away; monoy! That's something now, at all ovents I" " Yes,, throwing away money, I call it— for its nothing else 1 Only fancy 1 he's Icon attend-! ing that old fellow Jordan for the past six months, and this. morning he refusod the fow paltry pounds they 'vo been able to scrape to- .gethor.?" - ........ , "Jordan? That's the man that lives down at Twisted Oreek, ain't it? The man that has tho protty daughter?" " Pretty !" snapped Mrs. Smart. "A gipsy- faced little cat, I call her I She was here this morning with the monoy, and your addle-headed old fool of a father refusod it, as I'vo told, you, because, forsooth, Jordan's crops wcro very bad last season ? I heard him myself," unblushingiy added tho candid speaker, " for I listened at the surgery door." But her son well know that very littlo money was ever allowed to remain in his father's hands. As fast as it was' rccoivod it was absorbed by wife and daughter, and Smart Alick had a shrewd suspicion that, for all her pretended dread of povorty, his mother had, as he mentally phrased it, " a tidy plant of sugar somewhero." So ho firmly repcatsd his demand. "I might pay tho money myself," ho said, "but I dont quite 'seo' it I It's to bo applied to tho good of the family, and so out of the family exchequer it's got to come I" . Then ho went on to explain to his mothor. tho pu'rposo for which tho sum was wanted, and tho. end of tho matter was that he obtained tho' money, kept tho appointment and received the "information. What that, information was, must appear from the account of a family council which was held next day by mother, daughter and son. CnAnpn IV.— A Notablb Scheme. " Whero's . tho governor J " . inquired young Smart, as, late tho following morning, ho entered the room whore his mother and sister were seated, impatiently waiting for bis nows. ; ; ; 't Ho's well .out. of the way," said Caroline. . " Gone to visit a. patient six miles. off." j "Eminently satisfactory, as the nowspapers say," returned tho young man, as, closing and locking tho door, ho prqeeoded to unfold his talo ; and intently tho two. women listened: to. hint, as 'ho set forth tho circumstances which, in his opinion, rendered- it desirable., that his sister should protect her engagement with Fetherstone " The sain and substance of Birtwistle's story is this," he said, in conclusion. " His sister was employed in the Fotherstono household at tho timo of Kiehard's birth, and - somo years after wards, when sho was on her deathbed, sho con fided to her brother Unit, having boon acci dentally concealed in a room on that occasion, she had sccn tiro new born children, and had heard tho nurse say that tho ono with tho roil mark on his arm was the younger. Now, Dick Fctlier- stono has a rod mark on his arm, for I'vo seen it when bathing." - . , "But what could have been done with tho elder one, then," said Mrs. Smart ; " or why should anything have beon done with him?" " He was given in chargo, Birtwistio believes, to a married couple of tho name of Bolton, who, he thinks, were afterwards paid to loaVe the locality. Bo that aB it may though, I believe this man Martin to bo no othor than Richard Fcthcs- a tone's eldor brother, in which caso, as the father died intestate, tho property is his I" ami Smart Alick nodded his old young head at his wonder ing relatives. " It would bo impossible to prove it," said his mother. " Difficult, perhaps, old lady 1 difficult, but not impossible. And in any caso, you see, it wouldn't do for Carrie to marry Dick Fotherstono whilo there is a chance of his finding himself no bettor than a pauper ono of theso fine days." "No, of conrso not," said Caroline. "But what are you going to do ?" " Well, in tho first place, I'm going to interview this William Martin, as ho calls himself, to see if I can gain any information from him. It will depend upon circumstances whether I givo him any inkling of how matters stand, but in any caso 1 shall make thorough inquiries in. England. I shall have time to go down to the place theso Fothcrstoncs hail from, and I'll contrive to make tlio expenses allowed me for my omployor's busi ness cover my own as well." \- "ButhowiB it," asked Caroline Smart, "that Birtwistio has kept nil this to himself so loug?" " Because," said her brother, "as he says him self, it' was no affair of his. But the moment ho sot eyes on Martin ho boiiored him to bo the older brother, and, as he doesn't hold Master Dick in any particular favor, ho thought whon I offered him tho money that he might just as well pocket i it as not. Tho Bolton couple, he says, wore quite young peoplo, arid will no doubt bo readily found. Of course, if Birtwistle's story is true, they know all about the matter." "But how do you know it is true?" said Caro line. " How do you know ho didn't invent it, merely to earn tho money ?" "The observation does you -credit, Carrie!" answered her brother, with an approving nod. "Ida iikoto seo sharpness in a young woman- 1 But just leave this individual alono for distin-' guishing bot-ween a truo story and ono— as you say — invented for the occasion. No, -no! old Rogor's tale's truo enough, depend on it ; and it lies with us to work tho matter to our own ad vantage " "I don't seo how it can turn out to our advan- tago," said Mrs. .Smart. If Dick Fetherstone is turned out of the property that's an end of tho matter, as far as we aro concerned !" "Is it.'" said Smart Alick. "I'll botaorown Carrie won't say that. She thinks the oho brother would do just as well as tho other. Eh, Carrie?" Caroline Smart nodded. Her thoughts were already busy with the contingency suggested, and not tho shadow of a blush at tho mcrcoriary shatnelesancBS of tho calculation appeared upon hor pals, shapely cheek. " I'm off now to see this Martin, or Bolton, or Fotherstono, or whatever ho is," said Alick. " Even if I can get nothing out of -him, I'll pavo tho way for an acquaintance which, if matters turn out as I oxpoet, wo shall do well to culti vate ; and, if Carrie plays her cards right " ." You need not fear for mo," put in that un womanly young woman ; " do your part, and I'll .do mine f . . VI .know you will," eaid. tho rascally brother, -looking at her: with admiration. " You're n clever girl, ii ever there was ono ; and, as I ain't altogether a fool myself, it's' long adds hut wo pull Iho affair off successfully." With'which tri bute to the family ability and a caution to "keop everything dark from the governor," Smart Alick 'departed on his self- imposed errand, Mounting one of tho "governor's pradB," as he was pleased to call his father's steady-going old horses, tho young fellow set out for Gondar- . ling at such a pace that ero long the venerable beast he bestrode— like -that of tho immortal Gilpin — Wtat tliiii" upon blr.bTck hud got Did wonder more ami more. But the mora tho animal snorted and flung his head about tho moro did Alick whip and spur, until as ho careered along q part of tho road which bordered on a selector's farm, vbo horso turned so suddenly short off at right angles that tho rider was compelled to proceed straight on through tho air to tho distanco of savers! yardB, whero ho landed in a mud puddle, and did not immediately display any intention oif getting up again. Gradually, howover, his senses cleared, and, as bo scrambled to his feet in woful plight, ho remembered that the adjoining selection wa9 that of tho Mr. Jordan hie mother had men tioned. : - "Tho man the governor's been attending so long," he mattered as. he. ruefully drew his ruined hat from the mud. ' " That's what ' Jorry turned off liko a rabbit for I Ho's been coming hero so often of lato that ho thinks ho oughtn't to pbsb tho place; I suppose. Woll, tho brute's been very near giving tho governor a job, in tho person of .-his distinguished son— that is, if it hadn't been ono for tho undertaker!" - . So saying, tho dilapidated Alick limped up tho track towards the Iioubo, wliithor, '.as ho rightly conjectured) the riiiesing steed had already ho- takon himself..: The' selector, .an olive-skinned, dark boarded man; walking' with a.stick, and ap parently much worn by illness, was just examin ing tho splashed add panting anim'aL "I know the horso was your father's," he said, end was in dread that somo accident had hap. penod to - tho old gentleman. I'm very glad yours baa been no more serious,' and, if you- will come . inside wliilo.we get some of the. mud off your clothes, you'll ho none tho worse, I think;" - . , Tho spoaker's manner was so easy and courto. oub— his language so good— that Smart, who had at first boon rather inclined to grow), was im pressed in spito of bimsclf, and followed tbo other into tbo house without a word. . Hero ah old woman who was baking at a side- tablo came forward and lent hor aid to tho-clcans- ing of his clothc3, so that, after u littlo washing and a great deal of brushing, the wayfarer was soon ready to set forth again. "I don't seo Miss Jordan," he remarked, as ho got into the taddlo onco more." Hope she's well I" "Quito well, thank you," said Jordan. "She's somewhoro about tho placo— not far away, I imagine." Nor was sho, for, before Smart Alick had ridden half-way to tho road again, he saw - two figures sauntering across the field on his right hand. The track which lod to tho road . was thickly bordered with wattles, hut, while theso served to conceal the horseman from tho ap proaching pair, he had on his part no difficulty in watching them through tho openings. Ono ho Baw was Mary Jordan, and tho othor, to his intense astonishment, was Dick Fotherstono. " Hero's a nut for Carrie to crack !" muttered the watcher, as ho pulled up at a spot whore the branches-were particularly thick.- "If- that aint lovo-making, I'm a Chinaman !" he went on, as ho noted the girl's downcast head and heightened Color. "A gipsy.facod little cat, tho old lady called hor. Well, in that case, to boa gipsy-facod cat is to bo just about as pretty a girl as ovor I saw in my life. I haven't seen her now for over two years, and I never could have thought Bho'd have turned out such a beauty 1" And, howovor doubtful Jtr. Alick Smart's taste might havo been in othor matters, thoro could bo no question in this instance of tho correctness of hisjudgmont. Mary Jordan— as, pausing with in somo fifty yards of tho screening wattles, sho indignantly faced hor companion — was cortainly a very boautiful girl. Dark of complexion and somewhat low of stature, she had yet somethiug commanding about her erect, well formed figure, and there was a certain antique massivoness about the largo, freo, sweeping gestures which she used as she spoke. Her features, too, though smali, bad about thorn the severe beauty of a cameo ; hor forehead was low and broad to a fault, and, as the hair which rippled abovo it was, like hqr eyo, as dark as night, appearances generally pointed to tho conclusion that tho -girl had in hor a strain of the old classic blood of Gnoqo or Italy. In this, however, nppearancos lied, for Mary Jordan's' fathor, for all his dark complexion, was English in every fibre, while her mother— long dead— had been a Hungarian. " No!— a thousand timesno!" sho was saying, as theconcealod listener strained his ears to catch tho ; words. "You mu9t choose between her and.mc ! 1 havo been unwise to lot you see my feelings too plainly, but now there must be an cud of it 1 An ond of it, I say 1" she ropeated, with a wide out ward sweep of hor arm, and a sudden raising of her clear, ringing tones, "While your ongago- raont stands I will seo you no moro. You say yon cannot well break it at once. Bo it so,- then; tako your own timo, but eomo no more hero until you ars freo!" Then, with an unexpected motion, sho 'seized , the uan9 hand in hers— held it a. moment — flung it from hor— and, turning sharp round, walkod swiftly away. Fetkcrntono watcbed her till she disappeared, and then, turning in the op posite direction, went slowly towards a horse fastened by the bridle in a corner of tbo field, but not till . he had mounted, cleared tha fcnco, and disappeared at a gallop, did tiio watchor move from his biding placo. " A very pretty kettlo of fish, truly !"'said tlio latter then, as ho cantered towards the road. "So it seems Master Diek wants to bo off tho bargain as well as we do 1 Perhaps lie's gone to, break with Carrie now ; ho went 'Torumbah way. If so, it'll givo her the trouble of giving him tbo sack ; not but sho's just tbo girl to do it without ceremony, if she's put to it. There's some satis faction in dealing with a rcasonabio women like Carrie— not an atom of sentimental rubbish in her composition. Likeherworthy mother, and in estimable brother, she cares for nothing but the main chance. Now for Gundarling," ' . Arrived at tho station, and inquiring for .Wil liam Martin, Smart Alick was informed that Mr. Fetherstone. had given tho new . comor charge of the store. "So much the hotter," said the inquirer to himself; ae be proceeded to the place in question. "HemUst bo fairly educatedj in that case, and' it will booasior to make an acquaintance of him than if he'd been a common Btation hand." Smart had not hitherto beheld Fetherstone's "double," so that, when he entered the store and saw Martin eittiug at the desk, it wub with difficulty ho could believe that he was not looking at Dick himself. It is needless to describe the. wary advances by which tho wily Alick sought to win tho other's confidence, or the etolid impene trability with wbieb Martin defeated all his efforts. Tbe pair, in fact, wore at cross purposes, and, when Alick vontured cautiously to a9k if tbo other had gono by the namo of Bolton, theex- marino, mistaking the object of tho inquiry, pro tested that he had not with bo much superfluous earnestness as immediately to convince Smart of the contrary. " Ho's lying liko a good ono 1" was the latter's mental commentary. "Ho'is the right man, buio onough, but for nomo reason he wants to kcop it dark. Been up to some mischief perhaps ; but in any. case we're on opposite tacks, so there's nothing for it but to speak out plainly. " Acting upon this determination, Smart Alick soon brought tbo negotiations upon a more satis factory footing, and the result of the interview was that the aauio evening Martin called atDr, Smart's houso, aud was duly introduced by Alick to his mother. and sister. Carolino exerted herself to tho utmost to fascinate, and before ho left tho houec Martin, who was Icsb acuto and moro im pressionable than his supposed brother, was so visibly smitten that, as tbe Smart Ono beam-: ingly remarked, after the doctor had gono to bed, his sister had tha game in her hands al ready. "And now toll me about Fetlieratono," ho Bald. "Ho wos;here to-day, wasnlt ho?" " Yes," said Caroline, biting hor full rod lips ero she spoke—" ho was here and receivod his congA" . . ; 1 "!fik !— jou gave it Aim, did you!" said her brother. "Ho didn't appoar dreadfully cut up did ho— overhelm'cd with grief, and all that ?'' ' "Why do you nsk that?" said- Mrs. Smart, seeing that Caroline frownod and was silent. " Oh,, because, from something I saw .Winy, I quite expected to hear that tho boot was on the otbci leg— that Fotherstono. had givon Corrio hor ' cong(j as sho calls it"— sul then to tho wonder, ing and angry pair did Alick recount the cirfcum- stanccs ho had witnosscd and tho words ho bad heard. "What a cruel pity it is," criod tho furiouB Mrs. Smart, " that Caroline spoko first l.Itwonld have been delightful to havo got heavy damages out of tho follow." . "No, no, old Inly," said hor son.- "You forgot. If . things turn out as we hope, Mr. Richard Fcthorstono won't bo worth powdor and shot. Tho property will ail go to.tho other follow, and Carolina has got him safo enough. Never saw such a caso of spoons at first sight-in my life)" So saying, this stunted and wizened old soul in a youthful habitation took HboU off to bed, leaving the mercenary riiothcr and daughter to plot and scheme for tho complote subjugation of him whom thoy believed to bo the older Fother stono. Chatter V. — An HNSO'SPEoiEn Rei.atioiisdip. In duo conrso Smart Alick wont to. England, and with such assiduity did ho prosecute bin in quiries that within a ooupio of montha of hie arrival ho wroto recommending his sistor tosecnro Martin without delay, " I havo found tho Bolton family," said tho letter, " and ascertained beyond a doubt that William Martin— otherwise James Bolton — is James Fotherstono, tho firstborn of tho twine, and therefore thereat ownor of Gundarling) but, as thore is no knowing what effect the cbango in circumstances may have upon his intcutionu with regard to Caroline, I advise her to clinch matters at once. Givo Martin no information in the meantime, beyond saying that I am working hard in his bohalf, . which is true enough, for I am collecting tho materials for our campaign in the law courts. 'That campaign, however, will not commence until I return to Australia, when I will get our firm to tako up the matter, and when, also, I 6hall expect to find.Currio tccmoly married to tho real Simon Pure,". , Smart Alick's advico was. acted upon .without delay, and thus it was that, .one sultry, ov.cuingas Dick Fctherstono was smoking in front of j tho house at.Gundariing, his storeman made. to' him a somewhat startling announcement. "I'm going to-be married to Miss.. Smart, sir 1" " What ? oxolaimed Dick, liroppigg his .cigar in sheer astonishment. . : "I am going to bo marriod to Miss ;Smart," repeated' Martin, in las blunt rind stolid fashjon ; " and I thought I'd mention it. to you, , bctanao yon mightn't wish mc.to remain in', your employ ment," , . ' ;V, » '. .q . " Remain in my employment ?. Yes, —coriuinlj I ..Why not, Martin?". . ; "Because, .sir, I understand thore used,lo bo somo talk of her marrying yourself ;, and bo- — " " Well, Bho.didn't dose, at any roito l/'Jnughed Dick — "and I'm sure 1 wish you joy. It'll al most tho same as. marrying mo, after all, for lho very dogs aro constantly taking one of lis forlho othor! By the way, I uovcr asked you— what part of England do you eomo from ?" "Ob, up Lancashire way, sir," arisworcd Mar tin, rather evasively, as ho turned to. go... "Lancashire?" thought Dick, ns ho likanother cigar and walked towards the. stables,— " ho doesn't speak liko a Lancashire man, at. aii events. And to think of his marrying Carolinoi Fin sure I wish him joy, ae I said, but I've got my, doubts I This will bo a picois of news for Mary ; I'll rido ovor there now and tell her." Cantering through tho twilit paddocks, Fother stono soon emerged upon the . road, and when, after some ten minutes further riding, bo approached tho scene of Smart Alick's mishap, bo saw a figure standing by tho roadside. ' It was Mary Jordan, and Dick's words as he . pulled up and dismounted were onough to show the terms on which the couple now stood. .. .. . ... . ." Why, dearest, what aro you- doing, bcroi all alono, liko a ghost in tho gloaming?" ; ' - . " I canio to meet you, aud prevent yon from riding up to tho house," answered tho girl. .."My father has been much worse to-day, but lie .-has now fallen asleep, and you know how Blight a noise is enough to wako him." "That wae quito right, littlo. girl.. And.wo'll soon bo ablo to take bettor care of- your father. We'll havo him at Gundarlirig after our marriage. There's the moou rising; so I'll just fatten Clinker to tho fence, and we'll have a stroll, acroea tho paddock." ... "I've got a piece of nows for you," taid Mary, as arm-in-arm they Bauutorod along in tbo in creasing moonlight "Ah I and bo have I for you," ho answered. " But, place aux dames— lot's havo yours Jlraj;" " Ob, it's nothing very important," answered Mary, with her sweat, low laugh. 'Mt scorns that you and I aro rolatives, that's all 1" . "Relatives? Coino now, littlo woman, yon aro surely joking 1" . ' , "No; I am perfectly. oerious. I found out, from something my father said to-day, that ho ia distantly related to your family 1" - "Why, ho has navor said a word to mo about anything of the sort f ' "I know that - But since his -illness com menced bo has never boou quite himself, and ho forgets many things. It sooms; how.ovorj that his grandmother's namo, was 'Fetherstone, rind that sho was your graudfatlior's cousin, Qb, Dick I' This last apparently irrelevant oxol.nmatipn was duo to the manner in which Mr. Richard Fother stono thought proper to ..celebrate, the discovery- "That was merely on behalf of your relative," ba said, "but this"— repeating tho offoncpTr" >s cn the part of your future husband. And now 'or ray nows 1 Prepare to bo astonished I Carolino Smart is goingto ho married, aftor all I", ! "What I Is your placo already supplied ? Who is tho gentleman?" ; "I'll describe him to you," said , Dick,. Bljl?- " About twenty-seven .years old j .bjuo eyes I broad forehead ; straight no3o ;:brojvh hair and moustache-: — " . ., '.".Why, it's yourself you're describing I" inter- xuptcd Mary, "''/urtiis'yoil ptcaso 1 lam certainty dfcsririb- isg tho person who is to marry Hiss Smart." ; jlary looked wondering np in her lover's face, ' ajjatho moonliglit showed hortho smilo' lurking "about hie month. ' "Ah,'I uridcritarid 1" sho Eaid. "Youriiean "tkO yonng man who 'is so wonderfully liko you, doh't'youi" ' . I. . nyc3 ; William Martin, tho storcman at Qnn- ilnrliug." ' 'You surprise mo, indeed ! I thought Miss 1 Smart was inclined to he lofty in her ideas V . " Well, it would scoin sliohnn come down from her lottinoss, then, for I had tho news from tho , J man's own lips not two hours ago. And, at all . eTOnta)" added Diok, artfully making tlio roinark '' a pretext for further osculation, " I'm very glad . shddidn't got mo I I 'fear I should soon'liavb tome to hate her; and X should havomisstd tlio '' dearest giri ih all th'o World !" . i ! . ! And then thero woro more 'of those affcctiondto littlo nothings whioh', howover doliglitful to tho ' ' ' porsoiis immediately concerned, aro so terribly flat upon paper that we must lcavo tho lovers to \- themselves, and change the secno to tho household' olDr. Smart, where that worthy man was just then undergoing his wonted discipline at tho hands— ' "or toiiguo— of his amiahlo consort. ' "Upon my word, Smart," tho lady was saying; ' " ','il'a. sickening— absolutely sickening ! to hfiar " each sentimental twaddle from the lips, of a man "with a heard as grey as a hadgor's back ' " I am sorry that yon can't viow the matter in ' my light," was the meek reply. " I am, no doubt, ' ' rather old fashioned in ray ideas, but I must re. peat that I have been deeply painod to Bee a ' " daughter of mine fling herself at any man's bead ' is Caroline has done in this case!" '"You must' repeat it? Of course you .must repeat it? Everybody knows' you're as obstinate as a mule, and as overbearing as— as a buffalo bull ! Oh, yes, yon may laugh !" continued Sirs. 1 Smart, as tho absurdity of tho comparison forced ' ' a siriilo from tho poor doctor, "but I must say ho is a' hard- hearted wretch who can grin like a ' merry-androw after trying to take away tho rcpu- . tation of his, own daughter!"; .... . ! ' "You exaggerate much, my dear," said tho doetor, "I merely said that I was pained lat . Caroline's behavior." 1 "Now, don't prevaricate, Smart! .It's all .tho i same thing, Pained, indeod !. I'm her mother — and if'/ see nothing to bo paincdatl don't undcrl stand how yog cgn. .But I auppese . the trnth'is . you don't thinklho young man good enough. As if you know anything about him !" "That is prerisclyit 1; .Wo know next to noth ing of him, And then tho match is far .froth . satisfactory in a pecuniary sense." '' ." Ab, that's all you know of the matter," id. tnraod Mrs, Smart, mysteriously. "Bat it's jast . liko yon— mercenary old wretch that you are— to throw pecuniary ohstaclo3 in tho way , of your , daughter's happiness !" , ; " Go! grant sbo may bojiappy," said, the doctor, earnestly — " hut" — " Don't begin to snufllo. and whine,, for . good- nets sako!" interrupted the lady. "If there's anything I detest, it's a canting old, hypocrite. But it's a mero waste of breath to talk to you; Qho might as well try to reason with a post." "I sometimes wish I irerc apost," said tho un- fortunate doetor, sotto voce, " when I'm being 'reasoned with, as yon call it." " What aro you muttering about now?", said Mrs. Smart, who hail failed to catch , the words. '"No good, I'll bo bound. Why don't you speak out like a man, if you've , got anything to say 1 .worth hearing?" J " I was merely observing, my deav, " said the ' , .doetor, "that the traditional deafness of a psst is not .without its advantages." . . I j But fortunately, perhaps, for tho doctor, tho . point of to allusion was lost upon Mrs. Smalt. "Pifyn't understand you," she said. ( You i ...- needn't .talk idiotic rubbish, oven if you arc , determined to have tho last word. Bight or wropg— that's what yon always will iiavo 1" " j , , .Having practically confuted this accusation by ! meekly holding ' his peace, tho doctor was fain 'to I, Ikugh outright at tho glorious inconsistency with which his tormentor in a fow.nioracnts returned ... .to the attack. j . , "Ob, jf you're going to stand moping there," , -she said, as Bbo sailed „out: of the room," I'd . .bettor leave youjto yourself. If there's any thing 1 detest it's a man who can sulk, in qilenco, i. , instead of speaking out. what'3 in Tiis mind I" I , Jfor roveral minutes after, tho.door. had closed ! . upon his tyrant tho doctor, remained motionless''! ., ;#nd thoughtful ; then ho roused himself with' a , . rigb. ' ' "I don't liko this' business of Carrio's at all !" ' . ho said, half aloud. ... MEor all this Martin is so ''koPcthorstono, lipis a far inferior man in every way ; in head and heart,, np.lcss than in manner 1 . .and education. Dick is a lino fellow ; and if, as they 'say, ho is going, to marry Mary Jordan, thoy'll hiako a handsome couple. And, upon my lionori, I 1 ... don't know "hut ho's had a lucky escape <from I Carrie. If she should turn out such another 'as '' i. . ks; mother. Heaven help tho unfortunate wight' ' 'who marries her 1" "I But before another month has passed away tho ! , . 3uidmipraofTofumbah had been treated to, tho j two expected marriages, . Mary Jordan had been ! . taken homo to Qundarling as its .mistress, and Caroline Smart had sold .herself .for a price sho ... was never to rccoivo, since, within a fortnight of , : her marriage, tKoro came from her brother a . letter which ovorhclmcd with blankest conster nation tho sordid souls of mothor and daughter. ' Chapter VI.- Tim Borstino of the Bubble, . Smart, Alick had been fop smart. Tho biter had been bitten — the engineer hoist with his j own petard.' . : Triib enough it was that tho ex-marino arid the present, ownor of . Gundariing wore twins, of which the former was tho first-horn, hut alas ! lor tho Sinart One's schomo, it was no less truo that theso twins were the voritablo children of thoBoltens, and not' th'o olTspring of tho Fothor- stones at all 1 . . "J was fit to cut my throat with, vexation Whiiri I found it out," wroto the disconsolate . yontfy "brit theso Boltoris wero as oloso as wax about th'o boy tboy had brought up, until I talked of bringing tbem- forward to prove that ho was a Fethorstono, and then it camo out. that there bad been an agreement with Mrs. Pethor stono that, as soon as the pbild which Mrs. Bol- ton expected was born, it should ho' convoyed secretly to I'elhcrstono's house and passed off as his wife's child. Mrs. Bolton, however, had twins, and so, both tho infants being sent to Sirs. Pctliorstono to choose from, it happened that Birtwistlo's Birder saw and heard what she told her brother, and what he — worso luck ! — after wards told to me. ' I hopo this letter will ho in time to prevent Carrio from marrying that looby Martin— Bolton, I mean — for neither ho nor his brother Dick has any inoro right to the property than I have. But you may he suro that, if James is not to havo it, I am not going to let Bichard en joy it ; in fact, I havo communicated what I havo 'learnt to tho lawyers who u3od to do business for old Folhcrstonc, and they aro already advertising for tho noxt of kin. This isn't much of a satis faction, ' I admit; but still it's something, and St aster Dick may expect :to receive a- very un- " ploasaril communication on the subject ono of theso days." ' Dire was tho effect of this epistle upon tho two miserable, scheming women. Concealment was flung to tho winds in tho greatnesB of his-discom- fiturc. Sirs. Smart alternately wept and raved and anathematised herself and overyhody else, whilo Caroline, upon learning the nows, deserted her husband, and coolly declared her intention of never going near him again. Exccssivo was the astonishment of tlio doctor at tho disclosuro of tho underhand work which had been going on in- his house, but the lesson brought ont an alto gether new phase of his character, and Sirs. Smart could scarcely credit her senses when, hav ing commenced, according to custom, to vitu perate hor husband as tho cause or all, she found liorsclf summarily marched off toiler room; and locked in, with tho information that there she should stay until sho camo to her reason again. And then, before Carolino had recovered from hor astonishment at this miraculous change in tho aspect of affairs, sho was herself gently hnt firmly put outsido tlio house, with the request that sho would return immediately to tho husband sho had selected. "Inside this door you shall not como again for a very long time !" said Dr. Smart, quietly 'but resolutely,' and his daughter, who was no foo', saw that bo meant what ho eaid — and went. Hero was a delicious bit of scandal 1 Novcr boforo in tho history of Tcrumbah had there been such a treat for tho local Mrs. Grundy, and tho nows, after the traditional manner of such news, was not long in reaching Gundariing. At first in a garbled and imperfect form, and Dick Pethorstono only laughed heartily at tho story, which set forth that Mrs. Smart had bcon locked np becauso she had gone suddenly mad with joy npon hearing that her son Alick was tho rightful owner of Gundariing. His wifo looked grave, however. " I fear somo ill news, Dick !" sho said. " That dreadful woman's name is an omen of evil." " "Tut, tut! littlo girl," said her husband; " don't be silly ! I'll ride into Terumbah though, and seo what it's all about." So Dick Fctherstono rode into tho township, saW Dr. Smaft, and returned about midday with a countenance as grave as his wife's. Mary read Iiia faco as he dismounted, and put her arms round him in silent sympathy before ho bad uttered a word, " Thank you, my dear," he said then. "Como to your father's room ; I fear I've bad new3 for you. Dr. Smart had shown Dick Alick's lottcr, and bad farther explained matters as well as ho conld, i so that there wero two heavy hearts as tho husband unfolded his news— his own and Jordan's, that is to say, for Mary, liko tho bravo little soul sho was, mado light, for Dick's sake, of the threatened loss of property. ". Evon if wo do loso it," sho concluded, cheer fully — "which is far from certain." ' ' "No," said her husband, "it is not certain; bht I am very unoasy on your account; Mary, I may havo but taken you nnd'your father from ono poverty to plunge yon in a worso."' :1"' "Yonr father, then, died intestate?" said Mr. Jordan, who was sitting propped up in bed with pillows. . "Yes," said Dick, "that is," he ndJcjh bit-, terly, " if l ean call him my father. The met is doubtful, it seems. According to young Smart's letter, my real name is Bolton, and that fellow down at tho store is my brother. And, by tho way, I must go down and see him." ' " Bomomber, Dick, that he ' may be your brother," Baid tho youiig wifo, softly.-' '" Oh; yes;" said her husband, as ho rose. to lcavo tho room. "Ho hasn't, treated mo in a very brotherly fashioo. it is truo— intriguing with that young scoundrel Smart — but I won't forgot that' ho may be my own flesh and blood, for all that." " ': 1 But; when Dick inquired for ' the storcman ' ho was nowhere to bo found. IIo had disappeared about eleven in tho foronoon, some of the hands said, and they had not seen ilim afterwards. " Cleared out 1" thought Dick. Just as well, too, for, now that I romomber how I kept his socrot;' I might bo tempted to lay hands'on him. My brother or not, he's a shabby follow, and ho und his wifo are well matched. Well, thank God I'm strong' and healthy, "-he added, half aloud, drawing himself up nnd flinging abroad his long arms; "if tho worst should cOmo'I can work for my girl and her father." Then his natural cheerfulness began to re-assert itself, and, hear ing his mellow whistlo as ho returned to tho honao, his wifo camo smiling forth to moot nim. " That is right, doar," sho said. "It is foolish to meet ovil half-way." - " Not very original, Mary, " said Diok, " but very true, ' for all that.' Martin; or Bolton, or whatever his namo is, has been gone- since tho forenoon. I expect ho's levanted, sowo'llsayno more about him." And so, though the sun went down at Qundarling thnt evening upon certain- vaguo fears for tho future, ho went down also ' upon much lovo, and trust, aud courage. With tho morning came fresh nows. Mrs. Smart had been stricken down by apoploxy, in1 duced by her furious oxcitemont, and lay between lifoand death; whilo Caraliuo had disappeared from Tornmbah with tho husband she' hatcd, but who, it turned out, hnd firmly exerted his author rily arid compelled her' to go with him. "I can't say that I pity her," said Dick. V If my affections hnd happened to ho hound up in her, as they aro in a certain other porson, sho would havo broken my heart without ceremony, upon Icarniug that I was likely to turn out a poor man." " I am very sorry for Dr. Smart," said Mary. "He has been a truo friend to my fathor. I1 never told you, did I, how ho behaved to us last winter ?" "No." " Well, you know wo had hud a terribly bad season with tlie crops, and though wo never said anything to Dr. Smart about that, .he must havo noticed it for himself, for, though ho visited my father overy day for weeks, ho would not hear of anything in tho way of a fco. At Io3t, however, my father insisted upon making him somo re payment, nnd sent mo into Tcrumbah one morn-' ing with all tho money wo could get together. I took it to Dr. Smart's house, but wheu ho learnt my errand ho almost turned mo into tho slroot. In fact, to was positively angry, and threatened never to go near my father again. I knew ho didn't mean that," added Mary, with a tear in her eye, " but I was obliged to tako tho money away again. And, by tho way, as I was leaving the doctor's surgery, I canght sight of his wifo beating a liasty retreat across tho hall. It looked very much as if she'd been- listening at tho door." " If sho had," said Dick, "I pity tho poor' doctor. Sirs. Smart's whole soul is in money, : and from what wo havo hoard lately, her son and daughter aro worthy of such a mothor. I'm truly thankful that I escaped tho connection ; though I promise myself one pleasure yet in connection with the family." And Dick's good tempered brow contracted, while his bine eyes sparkled with unwonted light. ' ' " And what may that be?" asked Mary, with much surpriso. " Tho pleasure of giving Sir. Alexander Smart q remarkably sound horse-whipping." " Surely not, Dick 1" said his wifo, with tho lofty air sho could assume at times. " Surely you will not revongo the los3 of worldly goods upon such a creature as that." "As for tho worldly goods, my dear, I haven't lost them yet, and in any ease it's not for that I would punish tho fellow, but for his mean trickery. Ho is, as you say, a poor creature, but it is the mistake of passing over such fellows with contempt that makes thom so dangerous. And I am far from being as noble hearted as you arc, little wifo. I am but a very ordinary human being after all, and therefore, as 1 said boforo, tho very first time I como across Smart Alick ho shall havo cause to wish he'd not done quite so much to carn'thc sobriquet," Now, tho former Mary Jordan was a wise woman, with an unusually good comprehension of the nature of that curious animal, Man, and she saw that to mako her husband givo up this resolution, it would be necessary to mako it a crucial question between thom. "It is not worth thnt, ". sho said to herself. " Tho hoy is sot on this ; ho would not forego his purpose unless I were to adjure him by his regard for me, and that is a course to bo reserved for great occasions— whereas, this is a very small one. " So Dick selected his stoutest whip, and laid it asido against tlio coming of the Smart Ono to Terumbah — a coming which might any day bo oxpectcd, for Alick had declared in his letter' his intention of following it to Australia with as little delay as possible, cnarien YH. — fiat justitia ! Mrs, Smart was dead, Dr. Smart had loft Tcrumbah, and tho soft Australian spring was beginning to shrink boforo the first fiery broath of summer, when one morning an important lotter arrived for Bobert Jordan. A letter so impor tant that when he had opened it at tho breakfast tablo he let it fall with a low cry. Mary ran to him, for, though his health had mnch improved, he was still subject to sudden attacks of weakness, hnt, as he raised his eyes, to his daughter's, she saw that they wero filled — not with pain, but with agroat gladness. "Bead it— read it 1" ho said. "I cannot," and, wondering much, Mary picked up tho fallen letter, but no sooner had sho cast her eyes over it than it became Dick's turn to wonder at finding himself suddenly imprisoned in a pair of soft arms, while a glad hut broken voico said enigmatically in his car — " Yonrs, after all, Dick ; or, rather, my father's— which is tho same thing." " Explain, ' my doar !" said Dick, Laughing. " What's mine? — and what's yonr father's?— and what's tho Baino thing ?" " Why, Gundariing, you stupidist of hus bands !" cried tho. glad littlo woman, and brought him the lotter. It was truo 1 Tlio English lawyers sot in motion by Smart Alick had arrived at a dis covery upon which that astuto young gentloman bad in no wiso calculated. Bobort Jordan was, as tho lotter informed him, tho next of kin' to tho late Cunningham Pethorstono, Esquire, whoso Australian property was, as tho writers wero ad vised, at present in wrong hands. They were prepared with abundant evidenco to that offcct, and, awaiting Mr. Jordan's instructions, had tho honor to remain, his obedient Borvants, Bedford and Burton. Dick finished tho letter, mechanically folded it np, and sat idiotically rubbing tho end Of- his noso with it whilo ho Btared iij blank amazement at father and daughter by tams. " Why, Dick, cried his wife, " don't you seo how it is ?" " I'll bo— blessed if I do !" said Diok, nearly botrayod by his bewilderment into unwonted pro fanity. " Oh, onco more stupidist of husbands ! Do you not remember the relationship I told you of between my father's family and tho Fcthor. stono's ?" " So you seo, my lad," pnt in Bobert Jordan, with a smile, " that Gnndarling is yours, after all ; or, rather, mine— hnt that, as Mary says, is the samo thing. However, to prevent mistakes, I'll havo my will drawn up without delay, and I'll advise these lawyors that, as tho prcsont holder of the property .happens to bo my aon-in-law, tho matter, can bo satisfactorily arranged without their assistance." " Tlioy won't liko that," said Dick chuck- ling. " I daresay thcy'vo bocu congratulating them selves upon tho prospect of a contest. And, as you and I aro at one npon tho subject of tho pro-: perty! I don't soo that I need troublo myself about tho question of extraction. By-lhe-way, though," ho added, suddenly nnd gravely, my fathor and- mothor are alive in England ! I must not forget1 them, though it seems tlioy sold moliko a calf to this Mrs. Fethcrstono !" 1 " Bnt, remember, Dick; they may havo been poor," said Mnry. "Of course I do not defoiid' their conduct; but it is hard to judgo without knowingall the circumstances. Don't you think so ?" . 1 " Yes," said her husband, raising her from tho' ground liko a child whilo tho pleased father- in- law looked on with' a smilej I do think- so. And I think; moreover, that yon're tho best 'and the wisestand tho kindest-hearted arid the most, considerate of living creatures ! Well, wo'll go homo somo of theso' days to visittho' old people. You'll comb, too, father— tho voyage will do you good." But Mr. Jordan demurred. It would bo too much for bim, ho feared ; and; as bo'liad bcon thirty years in Australia, ho had few tics with tho old country remaining. His next voyngo, ho rather thought, would bo tho Long Voyage of ail." ( ; i: ' ' "Then I trust it will he a long timo yot.beforo you start onit,"said his son-in-law ; "and in tho mcantimo I must go for a gallop, to lot off some of my steam." And in truth Dick's spirits were at high pres sure, as he galloped hither and thither through his paddocks, jumping tho fences, and hullooing wildly to tho sheep that scuttled away on either , side in alarmod surpriso at his antics. Presently, however, tho exorcise had its offcct. As ho got rid of what ho had called his superfluous steam, ho pulled his liorso into a more sober paco, but, feeling still in high good humor with all the world, fell suddenly and mysteriously a-laughing as his eye caught the whip ho had brought with him. It was the very article ho hnd intended far Smart Alick's spocial henofit, and Dick, in his exuberance of spirits, had inadvertoutly taken it from tho whip.rack. "I don't feel liko using it on tho littlo wretch, after all 1" he said to himself. " I think I'll havo to forgive Iiirn, for I voriiy believe, if I were, to moot him to-day, I'd turn tho other way and tako no notice of liim. Why! — as I'm a living man, there he is 1 Speak of the — hut, no matter, I won't meddle with hiiu 1" Dick Lad ridden to tho brow of a long, gentlo bIopo that descended to whore tho Twisted Creek formed the southern boundary of tho Gundariing run, and there— leisurely asconding the hill, with | his hands in his pockets and tho smoke of a cigar rising into tho nure, sun-lit air abovo liim— was Smart Alick himsolf 1 Hchad arrived at Tcrumbah tho night before, and was now treating himself to a stroll over the land which had been the ob ject of his unsuccessful scheming, " Hallo ! hallo !" he cried, as tho horseman was turning to ride off again. " Don't cut away like that ; I want to havo a word with you." " Confound tho fellow's impudence !" thonght Dick. " I can scarcely trust myself to speak to him ; but it looks cowardly to shun bim," and, pulling tho horso round again, ho waited tho other's approach. " Well," said tho Smart ono, as he camo up ; " you're here still, aro you "Youhavotho evidenco of your eyes for that," said Dick, Btiffly. "Ah, yes," said Alick, "bntl didn't mean here, in this spot, merely. I mealit in Gundariing— in possession, yon know 1" and ho waved his cigar comprehensively round tho horizon. " Why shouldn't I be in possession of my own, may I ask?" 1 ' Of your own, ch ? Come, that's good 1 Bat 'lay not tho fluttering what's-its-name to thy sonl,' Master Dick I Gundariing, ns you'll very soon find, is no more yours than its mine ? Do you mean tosayyou'vo not heard fromKadford and Burton, yet?" "Badford and Burton?" said. Dick. "Havo you been in communication with tkem't" ' ' I should rather think I had ?" said tlio Smart Ono, with a leer. Fiatjustitia ! you know, and all that sort of thing. I find my sister's been and mado a precious mull of it by marrying yonr oaf of a brother, but, as that's past mending, tho only littlo satisfaction I've got left is to tako care that you're duly turned oat of Gnndarling." "Ha 1" was all Dick could reply, though tho swelling veins on his temples told that his praise worthy and Christian resolution of a quarter of . an hoar before was not proof against tho aston ishing effrontery of tho yoang scoundrel besido him. " Yes," said tho other, admiring a ring npon his finger ashospoko. "So, if yon havon't al ready heard from Badford and Burton, you may expect very soon to do so ; and then you may make up your mind to clear out ; you and old Jordan, and that black eyed daughter of his. I supposo sho thought sho was doing a smart thing in cutting Carrie out of Gundariing, and now she's got to stamp it herself. Egad, it's first rata 1" and tho Smart Ono chuckled in compla cent unconsciousness that his last words had caused tho whip to quiver liko a living thing in tho hand of the man who listened to him. With a vast effort, howover, Dick controlled himself, and his voico was tolerably steady as ho informod Smart Alick that a lottcr had been re ceived from Badford and Burton, and that tho new ownor of Gnndarling was even then in pos session. "You don't say so !" exclaimed Alick. "That's qnick work, with a vengeance 1 Bnt how comes It, thon, that you aro horo still ?" "Becauso," answered Dick, very slowly nnd deliberately, "tho now ownor of Gundariing is —my—' wife's— father— Bobert Jordan I" Smart gazod at tho speaker for a fall half minuto without replying. "Ah I just so," ho said thon, with a wink. "You don't oxpect mo to swallow that, do yon? No, sir, that's far too thin. However, I'll just go up tn tho houso and sco for myself," ' " Hold on for a moment," said Dick, as ho dis mounted—and the chango in his voico mado tho other start. " Yon can go np totho lionso, if yon plcaso— or if you're able— when I have dono with you I You used a Latin expression not long ago —Fiat justilia /—you know what it' means, -of eourso?" . . " Of courso ; 'Lot justice bo dcuo I"' " Exactly !" said Dick, as bo grasped tho Smart One by tho collar. " Lot justice be dono !' one? I'm yoimj to do it /" Novcr sinco tho pastures of G un Jnrliflg had witnessed — before the white man's advent— tho corroborrcc of tho unbated savage, had they ntterod to a howling so terrific as that with ivhioh Smart Alick took his well-merited punishment- Dick's horso shied, snorted, and backed away ; distant cattle raised wondering heads; a raagpio fled tho neighborhood in alarm, and a laughing jackass, after vainly endeavoring to compete with tho noise, gave np in disgust, and followed thi examplo of tho magpie ; but still Dick flogged oa till his arm wa3 tired and his whip broken. "There, you cur!" ho said at last (spurning the miserable Alick with his, foot) "crawl up td tho house how, if you can,, arid tell Mr. Jordan that you havo been flogged liko a bonrid— not for your sneaking trickery ; riot for your brazen inso- ,lenco to ino, but for daring to soil his daughter's namo in your vilo mouth !" . But it was fully a quarter of an honr before tho wretched Alick was ablo to move his smarting and bloeding limbs in the direction of Tcrumbah, .where he immediately took to his bed at the hotel In tbo mcantimo Dick bad arrived at tho sttu tion, and handed his broken whip, without a word, to his wife. " Ob, Dick," sho said, understanding at onco, ' I hopo you haven't hnrt him much !" " Oh, doar no !— not at all 1" said Dick, " I'va only just hurt him about as ranch as itwas possi ble for arm and whip to do ! Hc'li remom1 ber tbcGnndarling paddock to the lost day of his cxistenco, I'll bo bound 1" "Mary shivered. " Bnt tho law, dear," sh® said. " Well, of course bo'll take proceedings, and equally of. courso I shall be fined. There wore no witnesses, but I shall dens nothing, and hs knowB I won't. What penalty I shall havo to pay depends on tho view the magistrates may take of tho provocation received. They may fine mo £20,' perhaps, but tho luxury woald have been choari at £100 !" . And so, in due course, Dick was summoned and fined, as ho oxpocted, £20, But then did Smart Alick bring an action for damages, which ho lost— aud so ends his connection with this history. Assuming, however, for tho nonco tho mantlo of prophecy, I will venture to predict fori him, aftor his development into a full blowtt solicitor— first, a reputation for sailing uncom.' monly near tho wind, and then detection in soma picco of gross malpractice, with a consequent ro moval from tho roll. What bccamo of Carolino Smart is not known to the narrator, nor has Dick, after many inquiries, been ablo to rccovec any trace of tho brother whoso personal appear- anco suggested to Smart Alick that notablq scbemo which ended, as we havo scon, in his falling so handsomely into his own trap. ''Thank yon, Charlie," says Mr. Maynard,' flinging away his cigar as tho talo and the twi light came to a conclusion together. " What da you think of it, Captain Fortiman ?" "Capital story, sir; well written and w cii read, says tho captain, going to tho lighted window to look at liis watch. "Hallo !— S quarter to eight. I haven't fell tho time pass ; must bo off now, though ; ahd, I say, Mr. Charles/ you must introduce ma to your friend Bolton onq of those days. It's a curions thing, though, thai . ho hasn't claimed acquaintance with mo himsolf,- before now. My name's not a common one, ami I'm vory little changed in appearance, so ho must remember mo well enough. " "Very likely," saj-s tho squatter; "bntl imagino'he's rather sensitive on tho point of hist change of position. Conventional change, thai; is ; as for the man himself, of conrso he remains just what ho was— a fino, honorablo, gentlemanly young follow as need bo !" "And that's all I care about," says tbo captain/ as his horse is brought to tho door. " I'll call on him to-morrow or next day. It's a confonndcd( pits wo were obliged to fino him, and I'm der— extremely glad tho other chap fell, as your sot puts it, iuto his' own trap !" 