AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA Dramatic affairs in Melbourne at the pre sent time aro at low ebb, The lyric muse has overshadowed every other class of entertain ment, Patience has taken possession o! tho Royal ; at tho Opera Houso.Mis3 Erailio Melvillo is renewing pleasant reminiscences in PeriAo'.a ; the Bijou has been handed over to alono is derotid to theatrical re]-rosentations. To genuine playgoers tills is not a particularly pleasing prospect, As compared with tho drama in its nobler re?noots, tho light, f antasffe. . vices of Mr. H. K. Harwood aa business man- | ager. He fa a gentleman of marked and | greatly diversified talents, and has rung tho ' changes in almost every line of Btage business, from tho musical bat melancholy street men dicant to the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Ho has comio humor all his own, and when he fatta into a congenial groove it would bo difficult to find ms u»l, ':' ^ ^avln. in the Flying Scud, has npver been approaohod In Melbourne, al though Johnny Hall and Mr. Bland Holt Have proved themselves adinirablo impersonators of the ourront stags Hebrew, Hia Charley Spragga* was as unctuous, as snivelling; and as mlrth-provolang aa that of Mr, Mar shall; to our mind it was superior. He lias ossmnod several Shakspeorian charac ters more than rospeotably, and as an all- , round professional in not to be surpassed. Somo of his .beat covpt, however, have beea in comla opor*— -notably In the Princess of Trebl zond« and eimtUr pieces, -admitting- of broad and ew]-hMwect humor, In compositions like tho Tambour Major aud Olivette he aleoaooroil points, boarlng the burden of the comio busi ness throughput with unflagging spirit, hlsj trinmpli3 being in t*iia dii-totiun only limited by tho chaMSto;: of his voico, which,, to say the least of it, dees not pretend to the dulcet softness, rango or Umbra of tlio nightingale. All thia oxperienco and varied powers are in valuable in a business manager, but tliero are) othur qualities no !vwi essential, and in those) we think tho. subject of notico is not deficient, Wo allude to the capacity for judging o£ what tho public require, and. securing tho beat articlo3 in tho cheapest market. The period during which ho was associated! with tho management of the Hoyal was per hapa tho moat aucceasful, if not tho moat bril liant, in the history of tho now theatro. No douut Mr. Harwood possesses peculiarities, both of temper and mannor, that havo eomo times brought him fiercoly into collision with; tho critics, but those have nothing to da with hia abilities aa an actor or a business manager, and therefore do not call for notice here. Under all the cir cumstances we think both tbo manage ment ond tho public will be the gainers by this gentleman's engagoment, 03 it is to somai extent a guarantee of a succession of entertain ments of an attractive, if not highly intellec tual (Jescriptiou. The Grasshopper is announced for with drawal from tho boards at tho Princess's Theatro to-night (Saturday), when a now pieoo ia to bo substituted, . '.i; Tho Mastodon Minstrels at St. George's Hall havo been doing very good business diuji ing the week. ? i Tho ever verdant Mr. Geo. Coppin is afe present in Ballarat, at the Academy of Musicj where with a solect company he isgiving his ' most positively' tho last series of his per formances in connection with the stage. The3o includo Milky White, The Wandering Minstrel, Not Such a Fool as ho Looks, Eob Acres in Tue Kivals, Paul Pry and others. As usual tho shrewd veteran takes his audience nightly into his confidence aud give^ them tho benofit of his views on things iii general, He 1b reported to bo doing vory good busine33, '. The Juno Company, at Geelong, have h^d fair houses during tho week. Tho company Is not very strong, but the members of it aro do^ dared to be competent, and their efforts aro referred to enoomiasticaily by the looal press, \ The Home tt'cwv anaouace3 an ea.-iy Tisit oE tho calebratcd Mr3. Iiangtry to tlio colonies,' She ia said to io improving in hor nevj j-jiession, anu m ume it 13 Buppoaoo^ 120 will bocomo a pnssabb comedienne. Sho w juat as much admired by tho playgoing sliblio, aa aho was formerly in faaliionabloj roles a3 a professional beauty. Tho mania, ? ill doubtless follow her to the antipodes} . horo individuals possessed of less attraotlvol '?' jsa than that Imparted by phyBioal beauty ai,-aw the world after them. It is only human, ?''ituro, It Is something to boast of that o£ lhaving 'fleon edmo ono who saw the to'ueen,' the Prince of Walos, nnd th^ psat of the royal family.' The journal alluded' £- states: — 'Mrs. Langtry has achieved e, [fl/ondGrful sncnflSH in har nrnvinpinl f nnr. Tfe in r-ot alone that vast crowds havo flocked to tho. ; '.hoatres in Newcastle, Edinburgh, and GlasJ; jow whenever she porformed, but everywhere j-.ho poople treated her to quite an ovation, £he is groetod with tho most vooiforoua ap plause whon she appears at tho footlights ; aho 13 called upon to make speeches liko a ? popular politician at all times and places : her admirers and supporters remOTO tho -horses from her carriago and insist npoa a dragging her from tho thoatro or rail-' tway station to her hotel. More thai all this slip is literally inundated witli showers of congratulatory epistles ; already poets and publishers havo laid thoir works; \- bound in tho best morocco, at, her feet.; r&ra; ' flowers and bouquets are lavished upon liar in ? richest profusion. So much approval is apt t» bo intoxicating. But in Mrs, Langtry's case it .-. had a stimulating effect. .. Her acting hascerj ! tainly improved, and she bids fair to make a I genuine reputation as an aotreas. By the k timo nho roaohea Australia, to which country B' sho 13 bound vid. America as soon as her tour w through tho English provinces is ended, ahd T will havo become nn accomplished comedian] m Tho difficulty will bo for her admirers In tho 30 antipodes to rival the homage rendered her ia be the old country.' - )'? B Thoro U nothing of 'special interoat to noto ^- in relation to dramatic affairs in Sydney and -£Adelaido, !t 