ÏÏ'ht atiftsbane öfoitqfey. sizes PUBLISHED DAILY. ga. Monday, February 25 1883. THERE is a wonderful political tranquillity throughout Australia just now not a Parliament in session, not a deadlock in prospect, no probable deficits for de- spondent Treasurers to face, and not a single great constitutional question to be solved. If ever the political barometer stood high at " set fair" it stands there now. Sir Henry Parkes is in America, an honoured guest, privileged to impart friendly assurances to his hosts in the form of good wishes, and intent no doubt in extracting from them something more than good wishes, for he has an eye to business. He will in all probability pass on to Canada, and will hear of the progress which the Canadian people are making with the Pacific Railway-that railway which is not only to be the means of peopling the savage wastes, but which is also to be the shortest route from England to China and Japan. Our commercial relations with Canada are never likely to be very intimate, and there is not much opening for a treaty of any kind. But a little sentiment would not be out of place, and Sir Henry Parkes beforohelcftappeared to be quite in the humour for a good deal of that commodity. If he is in telegraphic communication with his colleagues they will be able to assure him that there is nothing more stirring in New South Wales than the local option elections, or the state of the score at the prevailing cricket matches, and that it would be quite possible to dispense with another session of Parliament for at least six months if the negotiations of the Premier with foreign Governments should render this expedient. Turning to Victoria, we see Sir Bryan O'Loghlen absorbed in domestic administration. A new loan has been authorised, and some of the old loans are coming due. They will have to be paid off, that is to say they will have to be renewed, and advantage is to be taken of the opportunity to convert 5 per cent or 5 per cent stock into a per cents. It will be an operation requiring some dexterity and I judgment, and such is the happy state of political relations in Victoria at the present time that the leader of the Opposition has been chosen as the fittest man to conduct it. And still more strange, the choice of Mr. Murray Smith for this purpose has been received with general approval. While filling the post of leader of the Opposi- tion, he has really done his best to keep Sir Bryan in office and Mr. Bony out of office This is a novelty in Parliamentary government, but where are we to look for novelties of this kind if not to Victoria I Next to the appointment of an agent general the subject which is most attract- ing attention is the treatment of larrikins. There is a terrible crop of young vagabonds in Melbourne and its suburbs who cannot be deterred by the ordinary process of punishment from a career of vice and lawlessness. It was only to be expected that the reckless habits of those who, in the old digging days, lived lives of open profligacy would have an effect on the succeeding generation. In spite of everything which has been done by education to counteract the bad effects of these too prosperous times, a crop of evil weeds has sprung up which requires to be vigorously kept under. But how is this to be done 1 They are there, and Victoria has to make the best of them. They have to be reformed in some way, and if they cannot be reformed in any other way the lash is talked of. Sir Bryan doubts the efficacy of the lash, and he has no distant Siberia to which he can banish these youthful nihilists, and so make compulsory colonists of them where their manners will be mended. What then is he to do with them A serious question no doubt, of much social importance, but it is not one which is likely to result in any political complications, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen seems likely to be left in undisputed possession of his position for at least three months. In South Australia also there is scarcely a murmur-there rarely is. There are changes of Ministry, but these changes are so frequent, and they are so easily accomplished, that no one outside the province hears anything about them. Men may come and men may go, but the harvests are reaped with recurrent variations, and as for politics their home policy is of a most unexciting character. But South Australia has a foreign policy, and there is some little interest attached to this at the present time. Mr Parsons, the Minister for Education, and Professor Tate, accompanied by several members of Parliament, are on their way to Port Darwin and the Northern settlements. South Australia still fondly clings to this Northern Territory, as if it was to be the foundation of some future good fortune, forgetful that territory is only an embarrassment if it diverts the policy of a people into channels at variance with its true genius. The Northern Territory has been an embarrassment and a source of expenditure from the beginning. In spite of the present more hopeful appearances it will continue to be so. It is a dependency of a dependency, and what more unsatisfactory position can there be than that And yet it is still ' retained for vivisection, in order apparently to prove how useless is the experiment. It would be unfair in a general survey of political aspects in the continental colonies of Australasia to omit a passing notice of ourselves. Here, too, for those who look on from the outside, appearances are perfectly tranquil. There is no broken water visible. A fine reproductive expenditure, as it is called, is going on. Public works are sustained. The prospects of mining enterprise are encouraging, general values are still maintained, and there is not much political excitement. But there is a ground swell, and in a few months' time the ship of State will probably be straining at her anchors. Like most ships, however, we have more than one anchor. If one gives we hold on by the other, and if both give we take to the open sea and feel quite safe there. 1 it. It would be a great pity if the Municipal Council were induced to withhold the salary-rr, more properly, the allowance-which has been made for the last three years to the occupant of the mayoral chair. The chief executive officer of a large and growing town like Brisbane is under the necessity of incurring considerable expense in virtue of his position. He is expected to take a prominent part in a number of public movements which require him to dip into los pure, and to uphold in many ways the position of the city, All this is in addition to the cost of the regular civic entertainments, of which the expense ought, even by the admission of the opponents of a mayor's allowance, to be paid from the general fund. It is true that a mayor may perform the strict routine duties of his office without any very great personal expense, but an occupant of the class who did no more than that would hardly fulfil the reasonable expectations of the citizens. A private individual who prospers and rises in social position is expected to make some corresponding change in his way of living, and the rigid economy which would have been regarded as praiseworthy while he was yet struggling against his early difficulties would be looked upon as rather discreditable parsimony if continued when he had conquered them. Brisbane in like manner is growing in importance in the scale of Australian cities, and it ought not to exercise over-great frugality through its corporate representative, the mayor for the time being. Such parsimony would be singularly inappropriate in the case of a colony which has acknowledged in so many ways the advantage of advertising itself, and where few individuals deem it unwise, oven on purely business grounds, to expend some proportion of their income in keeping up a position among their follows, It would hardly be an advantage to the city if the mayor were never to be seen outside his office, and were not ready to take a prominent part in public movements of a charitable and social kind, and no gentleman holding the position would like to fail in this particular. Yet a mayor cannot fulfil these unwritten requirements of his office without incurring expense, and expense of a kind that cannot easily be set down in a schedule, or laid on the council table in the shape of a formal voucher. It follows, therefore, that unless an allowance is made to the mayor the chair could not be properly filled, except by citizens possessed of ample private means, and the choice of men to occupy tin's important municipal position would be most injuriously curtailed. Of course we do not wish that the council should encourage extravagance The mayoral allowance, raised last year on the motion of Alderman Thorne to £500, is quite large enough, and might remain at that limit for several years to come. There is another point in connection with the dispute which is understood to be in progress on this subject, which should be noticed. It is alleged that the disinclination to grant the allowance this year springs from motives every member of the council ought to despise, There was a division in the council concerning the choice of a mayor, which, although hidden from the public to some extent, was marked, and has engendered some bitter feeling. That feeling has already made itself manifest, and is said to underlie the dispute about the allowance. We should be glad to learn that we have been misinformed in this respect, for there would be something exceedingly paltry in the notion of anyone who, to revenge himself for disappointed hope of municipal honours, were to endeavour to embarrass his successful opponent by casting the pecuniary burden of the mayoralty on his private income. At all events we hope that a majority of the council will firmly oppose any attempt of the kind, for if successful it would so thoroughly demoralise the council and be greatly discredit municipal institutions in the city that, reckoned over by a pecuniary standard, the loss in good government would be represented by a sum that would far exceed the mayoral allowance twice told. An inquest recently held on a man who died in the Melbourne Hospital was made by the city coroner, Dr. Youl, the occasion for a very thorough exposure of the dangerous condition of that institution. 'The deceased had received a slight knife wound on the knee in the course of a drunken brawl with his paramour, and died, after three weeks, from blood poisoning. Dr. Youl elicited a great deal of evidence concerning the hospital. It was stated by the Superintendent Inspector of Health that the walls were of brick, a porous material particularly capable of absorbing disease germs, and although they were covered with two coats of silicate paint, they should have been coated with smooth cement. Some of the wards were coiled with beaded boards, affording interstices for the lodgment of dust and germs. The ventilation was defective, and the cubic air space for each bed in the wards was in no case greater than 1107ft., while in one it was as low as 113ft. From 1500ft. to 2000ft. should be the minimum space allowed, The medical Superintendent of the hospital gave evidence of the insanitary condition of the place. Returns showed 5 per cent of deaths from blood poisoning in operations, and 3 to 4 per cent of deaths from erysipelas. The resident physician said he thought some of the wards were saturated with erysipelas, and the overcrowding very much diminished the chance of a patient's recovery, Dr Beaney also gave some evidence. He thought the hospital was very much overcrowded, and that the walls should be cemented, but he rather pooh-poohed the alarm about erysipelas. He said, " In all hospitals in the world you got erysipelas," and it depended very much upon people's habits. The deceased was a man of vitiated constitution, and would have died anywhere. The assistant physician to the hospital made the rather startling statement that, large as was the recorded number of deaths from blood-poisoning, the actual plan for, even , or ever is able ted bite his to a to! the the 3rd you his number was not really known. Out-patients suffering from all manner of contagious diseases were brought indiscriminately together, and erysipelas and other diseases were spread through the city by this means. One medical witness admitted that the hospital might be regarded as an exchange for disease." The management of the institution in other respects was defective. Deaths occurred without record, and while the ventilation was defective the supply of spirits was excessive. As the coroner put it, a patient got a bottle of brandy instead of fresh air. Dr. Youl in his charge to the jury was very emphatic, He declared that the deceased Grimes had been lying in the hospital for three weeks " taking in every day, more or less of poisonous air." There were two or three cases of erysipelas in the ward while he was in it. He declared that it was a contagious disease hospital, distributing diseases all over Melbourne. The jury brought in a verdict in accordance with the charge, condemning in the strongest terms the condition of the institution and it is probable that, public attention having been so forcibly directed to it, some reform will be effected. The moral for us in all this is to insist on a very careful supervision being exercised and kept up over our hospitals. The condition of the Melbourne Hos- pital is no new thing ; it has, apparently, been in a bad state for years, and an unknown number of lives have been sacrificed by the contagion stored up in its wards. If it is possible for such an institution, the chief hospital in a city like Melbourne, visited constantly by the leading medical men in Victoria, to sink into so deplor- able a condition, it is evident that we ought not to take it for granted that everything is going on well in our hospitals. tho A Sea Lake Inf. seen you the 1 if ria 3 in two or- more early has not only less weir near the ide iro ble the lar. reading of the 1er. Ifco The iron railings have at last been erected around the small reserve at the corner of Queen s, and Eagle Streets, but there is no gate yet put no there, and therefore it would be little use plant- ing a few flowers and shade trees. The enclosure should, however, be got ready by trenching, &c;, for the reception of plants and trees, which would, if properly attended to, rapidly grow, and make the place an ornament to that portion of the city. The plantation at the junction of Creek and Eagle streets requires re fencing, the trees want pruning, and the soil should be turned over with the spade. The mayor intends to do his utmost to beautify the city wherever practicable with shade trees, and has already had the trees in Roma- street attended to. The Municipal Council and the citizens will no doubt warmly support the mayor in any efforts he may make to carry out so excellent an object. A VERY promising young Queenslander left last week for Sydney, en route for England, in the person of Mr. George Cribb, jun. This young gentleman has gone through a distinguished educational career. He secured scholarships right through the primary and grammar schools up to the Sydney University, where he won more fellowships than may be held by one person, and was also the gold medallist of last year, when he took his B.A. degree, passing with high honours. It is probable that he will remain in England to advance his studies at one of the English universities. The proprietor of Eton Preparatory School, Mr. A. J. Boyd, an old Queensland colonist, is, it is pleasant to learn, in a position to visit Europe and take a holiday. The school will during his absence be carried on by very competent gentlemen, under the trusteeship of two well-known citizens. Mr. Boyd's visit to Europe ought to be of service to this colony as well as to himself. There are not many men leaving our shores who have had more varied experience, who have seen more of Australian life, or have turned their hands to a greater variety of work, and there are few better able to describe life in these colonies than he is. As Mr. Boyd, having passed through many vicissitudes, still remains a sanguine and enthusiastic Queenslander, we may rely upon his proving, wherever he goes, a valuable advocate of the advantages the colony offers to those who are seeking new homes on this side of the globe. Satbhoay's t.o an Witness reports a farewell banquet given on Thursday evening to Mr. John Davy, of the Beenleigh plantation, who is about to leave the colony for a trip to England. Mr. Savage occupied the chair, and Mr. Hinchcliffe the Vice-chair, and there was a large and in fluential gathering of residents present. The chairman, in proposing the toast of the evening, referred to the fact that Mr. Davy had come into the district in 1885, when they had only a mail once a week and a boat every fortnight. He had worked hard and was a successful man, because he had stuck to his work, and he had been a fjretnest man in all movements for the benefit of the district. Mr. Davy, in replying, said that he had believed in sugar and stuck to it. Affairs in the Logan had changed very much since the time he first came to it, when the settlers had often to go out quietly and get a kangaroo for dinner in default of beef. A number of other toasts were proposed and acknowledged ; as the report says, " the toasts ranged from convivial to business, and from law, physic, the Press, and the ladies, to God save the Queen !' at about 5 o'clock the following morning." An adjourned meeting of the Municipal Council will be held this afternoon, for the purpose of fixing the officers' salaries. At half-past 3 o'clock the ordinary meeting will be held, the business of which will consist of the consideration of petitions from ratepayers of Kangaroo Point against the proposed establishment of a soap factory in Cairns-street; of reports from the Finance and Works Committees, and of tenders for iron railing of retaining wall!, Queen street. CoxcEiwrXG the mayor's salary, to be determined to-day, " A Working Stonemason" writes as follows I believe that every working man in Brisbane will uphold the dignity of the mayor's chair, especially considering the manner that the late mayor conducted it for two years. The alderman that would vote against it would not, in my opinion, be worthy of the confidence of the ward he represents." Professor Pepper concludes his series of science lectures to-night with one on " Life, Health, and Disease." He will treat on air and water, explaining how both are contaminated, and how they can be purified, and will exhibit a number of models of sanitary appliances that have been sent to him. Food, pure and adulterated, will also be treated on. The next evening the Professor will begin a series of varied enter comments, which will include among other things his celebrated ghost. The English or Benhamo's Circus Company opens to-night in Brisbane. The circus is well known here, many of the company are old favourites, and if our country exchanges do not greatly exaggerate their praises, the entertainment continues to be as clever and amusing as at any former time of Benhamo visiting Brisbane. The programme contains several new features. The Melbourne Argus says, concerning the late great sale of pastoral property : " The estate of Burrabogie, consisting of 226 770 acres of freehold land, 92,000 acres of pre-emptive leases, and 17,000 acres pastoral leases, together with 13,89 sheep, 131 head of cattle, and 124 horses, was sold by auction at the Melbourne Exchange by Messrs. Wilkinson, Graves, and Lavender, in conjunction with Messrs. Raleigh, Aitken, and Co. The estate and stock were sold together. Great interest was taken in the sale, the room being crowded to the door. The bid ding were started at £400,000, on which Mr. Fitzwilliam Wentworth made a large advance. On each successive bid Mr. Wentworth was always ready with a higher bid, and eventually he became the purchaser of the estate for the sum of £440,000." The list just published of subscriptions to the local grammar school for girls tots up to a very respectable amount £1642. It includes several handsome subscriptions, one especially of £110 from a friend, per the Chief Justice ; but we still miss many names of those who it would be supposed would wish to subscribe and can afford to do so. About £350 more would make up the money wanted, and there ought to be no difficulty in getting that within ten days. A circular stating the present position of affairs, enclose, ing the list of subscriptions, and forwarded by someone knowing the right sort of people to " wake up," ought to bring in more than the amount required, and bring it in quickly too. The service at the theatre last night was more numerously attended that any held for some months past. The Rev. Mr. Stewart, who acted as chairman, gave an address, and the Rev. H Coombs also spoke a few earnest words to those present, the former speaking on the subject of the cleansing of the leper, and the latter on that of the prodigal son. Amongst the selections by the members of the Evangelistic Choir was a fine solo, well sung, entitled " Where is my Wander- ing Boy to-night ?'' Mr. Adams acknowleges the receipt through the boxes at the door of £1 13s. 3d. in aid of the services. On Saturday afternoon Professor Gilbert delivered a " lecture to children " in the Albert Hall, under the auspices of the Brisbane Total Abstinence Society. The attendance was very small. The subject of the lecture was " Food and Alcohol ; or, What shall we Eat and drink." Mr. E. Gregory took the chair, and the proceedings were opened by the singing of one of Moody and Sankey's hymns-" Yield not to Temptation." The lecturer explained the use of food as a means of sustaining life, and the purposes which different articles of diet served in effecting that object. He stated that it was the duty of parents to provide a good foundation, physically, for their children, and mentioned what articles of food provide bone, sinew, and so forth, He also spoke of the injurious effects of alcohol on the system. His lecture was illustrated by several diagrams, which seemed to keep the attention of those present. Last night the Professor lectured in the same place to about a hundred people, his subject being " God in Nature." He treated his subject from a scientific point of view. He claimed that, to form a proper conception of the Great Unseen, it was necessary to study man-his nature and his faculties. The ideas of God formed by many of those who professed religion, and regularly attended churches, were of a Being such as would disgrace any individual, the reason being that they formed their conception of God from their own small ideas of love. He accused the pulpit, which professed to be the leader of public opinion, of being ignorant of these facts, which he said underlaid the very foundations of society ; he said the Press was subservient to the pulpit, and urged the people to look to the free platform, where the great truths of science were taught for the advancement in thought that was so much needed. When we studied ourselves more we should have more practical Christianity more practical religion. The lecture was brought to a close shortly after 9 o'clock. At the Water Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. W. H. Day, assistant police- magistrate, and Mr A. Smart, J.P., John Kelly, William Erikson, and John Hodder, seamen, belonging to the Keilawarra, steamer, were charged with having, on Friday morning, broached a case of plums while the steamer was aground in Francis Channel. The evidence adduced was not sufficient to sustain the charge, and the prisoners were discharged. The deposits in the South Brisbane Weekly Penny Savings Bank on Saturday last amounted to £3 1s. 10d. The amount deposited at the Wharf-street Penny Bank on Saturday evening last was £0 13s 2d. " The Hon. S. W. Griffith passed through Toowoomba (says the Chronicle), en route to Stanthorpe, on Thursday. We understand the hon. and learned gentleman has been specially retained to appear at the Stanthorpe Land Court and defend certain selectors on Texas, who have been called on to show cause why their selections should not be forfeited. We (Townsville Bulletin) are pleased to hear that Mr. J. Y. Gamble has gone up to the Star silver mines. Mr. Gamble has had long experience in the silver mines of the States, and we understand is in a position to assist the introduction of capital into the district for the purposes of this industry. We feel confident that he will see the immense future before the Great Kennedy silver mines, and determine to have a hand in it. Our surface indications are good, but it must be remembered that it was at the 1000ft. level that the Great Bonanza mine developed into a lode 1000ft. wide, and made Mr. Mackay known all over the world as the " Silver King. Several local silver-mining companies have lately been formed in Townsville. One of these companies has engaged Mr. Oleby to work the Venture claim, through which the celebrated Colorado and other lodes run. Along one of these lodes a drive is to be made to a Just where this lode cuts tDG Colorado lode, and then both can be worked at once. As the lode along which the drive is to be made contains date. of galena ore, this should be a highly payable operation. We learn that Mr. Beeby has been offered £10,000 for one-quarter of all his in -tests on the field. The Royal Standard is another mine on which work is to commence his A meeting of the shareholders was held last week, for the purpose of making an agement to commence operations. It was decided to wait until the present heavy rains had ceased, and then to take action. Mr. W. Martin as we are informed, appointed manager of this line- Several of the Star River mine-owners, who have been detained in town for some time by the rain, left for that field yesterday after 