§ will »mit f vife. DAYDAWN. Bl.L'siri N'G and bright, from oat of tbs misty East The Morn comes, ushered fn by joy-bells pealed From each sky-minting lark, each woodland bird. The happy Earth is clothed anear, afar In garb so fair, so mystically woven ur many-tinted grasses, 'broidered o'er With flowers n-urooping 'neath the heavy dew. Deep In the pinewood wakes a little wind. Wooes from the primrose eon of perfumed gold Their hidden breath-then dies away, to leave A lingering wave of fragrance all around ; While new-blown violets trembling, ope their eyes In wonder at the beauty of the world. The glowing purple of a eun-ldssed hill. Uprising like n link 'twixt earth and sky, A cascade flashing o'er a moas-clad stone, ¡Sunbeams and sluuloivs mingling dreamily : All, all combine to make one perfect Whole ! Ah, lonely heart, a-weary of thy care, Koine timo will dawn for thee a cloudless Morn, More bright because of shadows in the rant ; For joy is born of sorrow, even as Spring Steals from the arms of Winter, and the l)ay From darkest Night emerges, purified. -Chambers Journal. TUE best way to afford instant relief to any one suffering from water on the brain is to give him a good tap on the head. "TUE wisest of all sayings" said some one in the hearing of Charles Lamb Kenney, an old journalist who has just died in London, "is thc old Greek maxim 'know thyself.'" "Yes," said Kenny, "there's a deal of wisdom in it. 'Know thyself,' but never introduce a friend." COMINO OF ACIE- A DOMELTIC DRAMA. My Lady-" No, no, General ! Don't talk to (pc of school and college ! There's nothing like home influence for boys ! My precious darling has never left my side since be was born, jost 21 years ago this very day, General, and be has kept the heart of a child, and never given me an hour's anxiety in all his innocent life !" The General- " Ah, he'll soon he wanting to marry the lady's maid, or something of that sort I See if he don't !" My Lady-"Good heavens!" (To footman, who enters)-"Adams, where's Parker?" The footman-"She just stepped out for a minute this mornin', my lady, to get some 'airpins, she said. But they do say down- stairs as Master George were waiting for her round the oorner with a fonrwheel cab and a small porkmanteau. Leastwise she never came home, nor Master George hasn't neither. Lunch is waiting, my lady !"-Punch. LEVER used to tell with infinite drollery the following story of Mr. McGlashan, Dublin publisher, who, by-the-way, was a Sootchman. At a certain dinner, fearing to be made "fou" by the wild Irish authors and scribblers, he left the table, having taken his fair share of wine to join the ladies in the drawing-room. After a time the company heard unearthly noises in the pantry just behind the dining-room. They listened and they wondered. What could it be? Were there really ghosts in the house, as had been whispered in its ancieut traditions? But summoning courage they wont m masse, and they found that worthy McGlashan had, under the impression that he was going upstairs to the ladies, ascended shelf after shelf of the pantry, and was at that moment lying at full length on the uppermost, kicking furiously at the ceiling and side-walls, and expressing the utmoBt surprise that he could not4 get upstairs." IT has seldom been recorded in the annals of literature that the starting- point of an exceptionally prosperous dramatic author's career should have been an incomparably stupid piece. That such, however, was thc case with one of tho Charcttc, would appear by his own account to be indubitable. In a diverting sketch of his carly experiences aa a dramatist be writes:-"Twenty years ago I had not 70,000 francs a year to spend, as I have now. At that time I used to compose short pieces for performance during the height of summer, and I am bound to say they were invariably hissed. Once, after the fourth per- formance of one of my 'novelties,' shame overcame mc. I sought out the manager, and said lo bim, ' I wish to withdraw my piece.' The worthy man fell into a terrible passion. ' What !' he exclaimed, 1 you want to withdraw a piece which is having such a splendid eucceBS ! AU over Paris people are saying to one another, ' You must go and see that id iotic thing at the-Theatre. ' Yester- day we took seven hundred francs ; do you understand, my good sir ! Seven hundred francs at a time of year when, generali ' speaking, I can hardly induce anybody to accept a free admisión ? Herc arc .' v » napoleons tor you, aud mind you write mea still more idiotic piece, if possible, for next season.' 1 executed that order," dryly adds Cliarettc, " and date lay popularity trow tbs episode above narrated,'1 