UNDER A CLOUD. CHAPTER Vn." Harold's room was evidently a spare <me, and had not been occupied for soihd tithe, judging from the amount of dust which had collected in the tightly- fastened window Bashes. Its last occupant had apparently been a lady, at least Harold imagined 'so after discovering two or three stray hairpins and old pieces of hair, combings, I believe, is the correct term, stufled into a China vase on the dressing-table. After having thrown Open the windows, and let a little fresh air into the place, .our hero procee^fed to dress for dinner, and then went down ihtb the drawing-room. The curate, absorbed iu a book, was the only person in the room, the meinbers of the household having not yet' donfjileted their toilettes, so Harold .had lots'of time to examine the place thoroughly. . ' The last rays of .the setting sun were streaming through the big biy wiridowB and lighting up the gaudy furniture. The curtains were lace Jinea with bright pink. The ceiling was whitewashed, and orna mented by a h'eavygola cornice. The paper on the walls was* whifce. chveretL with big gold stars. In the centre,of cthis apartment stood a large walnut wood tdbde.rwith photo graph albums and. gauriilpbound books, placed in regular order Jafi iround ut, and in. the middle—on a I croah'eJi Joiak-t-was a silver inkstand, innocent of pend end ink, but bear ing an inscription which set forth,that it had been presented to Mr. Stuke.by his clerks on the occasion of his election to the important post of Master of > the Tallow • Chandlers Company. The chairs and sofas in the room were all covered - witjir ^Berlin 'wool-wdrk, gigantic flowers on a broad green i ground, the carpet in large square! adds, blue, whilst a massive consol table, with a hu^h vase of wax flowers in it faced the mantelpiece, en which stood two candlesticks, dihd a clqcjk stopped at five minutes to one.- -r I " . r. t Soon a rustling of dresses was heard in the -hail, and the two etdeififeirls cameinto rthe room in pink silk dresses,- with hCapr of maroon velvet bows'obo&t;'tbeSh* a. fldzen bangles on each of their-'Arms, and their black ringlets shaking as if. oft iwireiic rphe. eldest daughter at once pounced - dpwn on the curate, and the second; one heating, herself by Harola, was proceeding /to c ply. -him with questions, when, foftunaidly far. him, Mrs. Stuke, arrayed m Violet velvet (violet .she considered her colourp came into: the room, followed by her husband and her third daughter. In another; moment dinner was announced. The menu was a carefully selected one, and the cooking excellent, and Harold seated between MrB. Stuke, who was blessed with a large appetite, and Miss Amy, who was very silent, could devote all his energies to the work before him, and consequently en joyed himself very well. He kept a watch ful eye on his hostess's glass and plate, and by taking care they were constantly full, advanced not a little in her good graces. When dessert appeared the conversation became a little more general Mrs. Stuke asked Harold a good many questions about London, the season, his friends and relations, and seemed, he thought, a little, disappointed to find how little he knew of the latter and had seen of the former. Amy talked enthusiastically about music and the opera, of which subjects Harold knew just enough -to be able to carry on a free conversation. ' Soon after the ladies had left them. Mr. Stuke and Harold took their wine into the smoking-room, principally Harold thought to get rid of Mr. Spooner, who did not care for tobacco, and who seemed eager to rejoin the ladies directly he heard the first notes of the piano come from the drawing-room. . As soon as he had left and Mr. Stuke and Harold were.comfortably, settled down, the former said:— ; .i "I'm just as glad that fellow's gone. They're a poor lot most of these curates we get here, only fit to play croquet and talk nonsense with the girls. By- the-way,talking about girls what do you think of mine?" This was certainly rather an open way of fishing for compliments thought Harold, and he felt rather taken aback by the abruptness of the question. Nevertheless, he expressed his admiration for the Misses Stuke. "Yes', they're nice girls," said the merchant, "good-looking too I flatter my self, except Louisa, and goodness knows where she gets her looks from, but they're not a patch on what their mother was wnea fihe ^vas their age. Ah, she was a fine woman ' ;p And-is? still, Sir," interrupted Harold; 'with ia sneering smile' at his own vulgarity. ■♦'Tcorilsidfer Mrs. Stuke, if I maysayso, a most -remarkable woman, considenng her grown up., •family. ' ' .. J ".■ • I . .''You're, right, Mr. Linton,'"you're right. rAh, I'ye been uncommonly fortunate in, jpjy ' family, though Amy is a little delicate, and Louisa, poor girl's got red hair, though she don't .seem to mind it milch. ' Now,'there's my boy Arthur, he's as nice open-faced a1 . fellow as you'll meet between this and White chapeL but I daresay, you'll see him pne of these days, - Of course you'huh w we'yeJtadjj you down here once we ifcaH-* e'speet>t» sfta'j you pretty often. We're , but. quiet folks/ hut whenever voir care to come down from? ■ Saturday till Monday or indeed-at any other time, we'shall be. most happy.-to put you I up." - i Harold thanked his host for nis hospitality, and assured him that he was. only too delighted to leaVe his.dull .lodgings for such. | bright cheerful society as he was then epjoying, and after a little further codverstion they returned to the drawing-room. The two elder girls were^playing a duet and'Mr. Spooner,-who had just Ejeen "Per forming on the flute,' was turning over the leaves for them. There' was an empty chair by the; side of Mrs, Stake, who was natd at work on her cushion, "into which she "was putting the most gorgeous and startling combinations of colour, so Harold took .up a photograph book and Bat down by her side. After turning over two or.three pages filled -| with portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Stuke and the three Miss Stukes in various attitudes' and dresses, he came upon the lfkenessjof a tall, fine-looking girl, who, he thought'; could have nothing to ao with any members of- Mr. Stake's family, so different did she seemfrom th'em. The figure -was tall and graceful, the small well-shaped head was set on a splendid , neck and shoulders. -The face was: very , handsome. The forehead was broad arid'low; with a few wavy "curls falling "over it","which" seemed to .-.ave broken -.looqe ■from- the splendid l.csses drawn closely round, the small head and fastened at the hack in a big knot, the nose was straight and beautifully chiseled like one of the old Greek statues, the mouth small, the chin shapely, and deter mined-looking, altogether an entirely diffe rent face and figure from the vulgar ones of his hostess and her two eldest daughters, or the delicate, almost Jewish profile of Miss Amy Stuke. Harold paused for some time at this picture—so long as to attract Mrs. Stake's attention. "Ah, you're looking at Louisa, my youngest daughter, I see. She is away now, staying with a schoolmate of hers. She takes very well, don't you think so ?" . " It is a beautiful picture. Of course, as I don't know. Miss Louisa, I cannot say whether it is a good likeness." " Pretty fair, but it flatters her, for she's got red hair. Its a great pity, for otherwise she-would he rather nice-looking, though she's too cold and statue-like to please me. Harold was still looking at the album when a few chords of the piano were struck, and a magnificent contralto voice began to sing " The Lost Chord." Another surprise, thought Harold, as he looked up from the likenesB of Miss Louisa Stuke to the other end of the room where Amy Stake was standing by the piano. Was J it possible that this shy silent delicate-look ing girl had such a magnificent and so well trained a voice? Harold left Ms seat and went over to the piano. Amy was standing apparently unconscious of all that was going on around her, her heart and soul were wrapped up in the music, and it required but little persuasion from her listener] to induce her to - go on singing until at last her sister grew weary and jealous at the marked attention tneir guest was showing, and, abruptly rising from the piano, declared she was too tired to play any more, and went over to the other side of the room, where her sister was sitting with 4 Mr. Spooner. Harold did not ofler the fair singer any of the usual senseless compli ments which are as a rule forthcoming on such occasions but simply thanked her for the great pleasure she had given him. Then, as it was growing late, the ladies went off to their rooms, Mr. Spooner walked away to his shabby little lodgings, and Mr. Stake and Harold, after partaking of a little spirits and water, had a last cigarette, and then retired for the night. Harold in the quiet of his own room found his thoughts that night perpetu ally runping on Amy Stake. At first he rather wondered at himself for this; but her splendid voice would keep ringing in _ his ears, and then when he came to consider matters and think over the events of the afternoon and evening there certainly were several other points about Amy worthy of Ms notice. First of all she was good-looking and dressed well, whilst her sisters' toilettes were abominable. Her conversational - powers certainly did not seem to be great, but then she listened attentively to him whilst he talked, thereby showing her good taste. She was quiet and ladylike, while her sisters and . her mother were shockingly vulgar. It was strange, he thought, that she should be so different from tne' other members of her family and so very superior to them. .Alto gether he rather.likea Amy—Miss Stake was too hideous a name to call her by—yes he decidedly liked Amy. Here he fell asleep and he awoke on the following morning so late that it required a violent effort on his part to he ready in time for breakfast. Sunday in the Stake household was rather a trying day. No newspapers nor novels were allowed to profane the solemn hours. Every-. | body was supposed- to be -devoutly and , religiously i disposed, and -so -everybody wandered listlessly about the house, yawning away the day and longing for Monday to \- come again. Of course they all went to Church where Harold, seated somo distance. away from Amy, devoted his time to think- - ingrout names for the characters of his story, . and to.. mentally filling in, the ont line of Ms plot. Amy's thoughts wandered " from the - dull tones of -the- -parson to Harold, of whose profile she could every now and then catch a glimpse, to Mrs. Leigh's new. bonnet three pews away aud then back to Harold again. Her previous experience of young men had been almost entirely confined to the City clerks and stock brokers who occasionally came down to heir father's house, to the few young country lawyers' clerks and townsfolk of Sevenoaks who visited at Parkside Villa. Most of these devoted their attentions to her sisters rather than to herself, for the two eldest girls were loud, fond of " chaff" and a " lark," as they would themselves'have said, and the tastes of their male friends generally lay in the same direction. So Amy, who was naturally quiet, shy, and reserved, was generally neglected by the gay young sparks who hovered round her fascinating sisters. Even her splendid voice gained her but a few admirers, for the lively waltzes and rolicking songs performed by her sisters were always preferred before her vocal efforts. Harold Linton was about the first per son who had ever paid her "any attention or who had seemed to prefer her society to that of her sisters, and it was therefore not strange that she thought a good deal of him and j what he had said to her. She had hardly j interchanged a dozen words with him that j morning, and it was not until they had re-, j turned from church and dinner was over that j she had any chance of a conversation with -him. As-fe 'usually the case in families who think-it* necess&iy; to mark their, sense,of ' reverence for Sunday by partaking of a hot meal in the middle of the day, oy about three o|plock in the afternoon every member Of the Stuke-household' was in a state' of I sleepiness^ and indigestion i combined with the worft possible temper. Of course under these circumstances there were only two >Ursesiopeh,itO them, either to give in and bu^ dir. uleep er do »go, out and walk off ie iff-effects. Mrs. Stuke, whose face was _rMvTfn.tDsoii, and the two elder girls, TvjtottjMWses stowed sigps of the. trial-their digoBH oreanB were undergoing, decided on ttojjHwwc'o^Oe, whilst Mr. Stukfe and H&r;®I determined to go "out for a stroll in the Park* ' ' . . . i Amy. j Stuke ^ had ■- not chosen either alternative, but" as her father and our hero were j pitting on their hats in the hall she. came out of the drawing-room and cast a wistful! glanfce -up at the former. j " Weflr Amy, my darling," said he. " What are: * have- liked a' walk if any < been going out, but they have gone upstairs?! "Go and put on your hat, then, and come along, you will prevent Mr. Linton and me from talking business. I suppose you don't mind, do you," he said, turning to Harold, " yon can smoke as much as you like, Amy's accustomedto that." 'She. fiew^pstairs, and in three or four minutes the -trio were' walk ing down the High-street towards the road leading down to the Park gate. His third daughter,was Mr. Stuke'B favourite. He had a-sort of idea that his two elder girls and Ins WifeVOre,' to use his own expression," rather top big for their boots," and that they to some 'extent looked down Upon him as a man who -feared-for and thought of nothing else but his business. They did not seem very fond of his society," but to" court that of young people with whom he had not much in common. Amy, on the contrary, he knew was fond of him, and never so happy as when she was with him, though her conversational power? were not great, and she preferred to hang on his arm and listen to what he had to say rather than take any active share in their conversation. So it was this day. Mr. Stuke and his up a desultory conversation with 1 were going towards the end of the Park", which, running up in a succession of gentle slopes, terminates on the top of a hill, from which there is a splendid view over that rich cherry and hop-growing country lying between Scvenoaks ana Tunbriage, and stretching away to Maidstone, known as the Weald of Kent. Their way was through a series of sloping glades, bordered on each side by thick woods full of hoary old elms and oaks and chesnuts, carpeted with the short rich grass which is met with in the Parks of Old England and in these alone. -The deer, accustomed to the presence of strangers, just lifted up their heads from the bed? of fern in which they were reposing, and then, satisfied of the peaceable retentions, of the three, sank back fab rest and sleep once more— the day was hot and all around them was still. The birds were resting among the thick branches, the village children.. had given up all attempts to play and run about under that broiling sun, there was a hum of Insects in the air, everything seemed to invite rest, and soon one of the party at least gave In. " Ouf," panted Mr. Stuke, as he let go his daughter's arm. " I never can stand those Sunday early dinners. I always eat the confounded things though I know they dis ' agree with me, but-they've always been our custom—run in families you know, Linton, like wooden legs do. Well, I'm just dead tired and I shall lie down under this tree and go* to sleep. Amy, |ou, and Mr. Linton can go on to the gate by yourselves and pick nje up on the way back. Don't be later than half-past four so that we can be in for tea.' There, my dear, run along, never min,d me, and, my dear"—and here he lowered his voice—" your . ma needn't know anything about my not being with you." So Harold and Miss Stuke walked side by side in silence up the grassy slopes. The lady's couversational powers were, as I have said not very brilliant, and, as Haroldfeltsaid, quite stifled by the heat and the heavy mid day dinner, they only exchanged a few com monplace remarks till at last they reached the low gate in the Park fence. Here they stopped, and Harold, whose sense of the picturesque was somewhat keener than an ordinary Englishman's, could not repress a cry of surprise and delight as -he saw the lovely picture spread out beneath his feet. From the summit of the hill where the Park fence stopped abruptly,, they looked right down into a large' level track of country. All was fresh and green in summer leaf and foliaeet the thin silvery line running through the plain marked the course of the Medway. as it flowed down to join the Thames on the sea-coast, and the dark hills of Southborough closed the view in front of them. To the left hand the Weald of Kent stretched out many a mile, the dark lines of the hedges marking each little green pad dock or whitening corn field, the sun shining | on the roofs and church-spires of the many little villages dotted about the plain. , " I am glad you like it, Mr. Linton, it is a very favourite view of mine." " I admire your taste, Miss Amy, it is lovely and so thoroughly English. Do you often come up here." "Oh yes, whenever I can get away. Mjy sisters and mother say I ought not to wall alone so much, I snail attract notice, but people never pai.y any attention to me. I come up here even at bop-jpicking time, and never have had any unpleasant adventure, though there are a great many tramps about then/' " I should not think any one would ever dream of annoying or harming you." " Why not, Mr. Linton?" Because you are—ah—not at all the sort «..?J l.~ T ili'nb » of person they would harm, I should think." Confound it, why could she. vuuiuuuu iu, why could she. not accept what he intended as a compliment and-.not. be so matter-of-fact and force him to such weak explanations. "But why|should they not? My sisters. often say people stare at them, and make rude' remarks about their dress." ' Small blame to them thought Haroldj for two greater frights I never saw. There was a pause, and then Harold went on hurriedly, lest she should press the question. " Yes, it'is very lovely, and makes one wish one was a painter or a poet or something of that sort, or that one could shut oneself out from the world, and live alone up here with out any cares or troubles. But I suppose we would soon get .tired of it." "I very often come here, and never get tired of it; but I should not care to live here, it would be so lonely at nights." Harold roused himself, and began .to ask hjB.jCorpj^icin'if she was afraid o? ghosts.' *Lp ~y>ig gjad to chaugie the subject, for when . he gotfopOetic fit oahim he knew he was apt 1 like ^ost"other people to sty foolish things. Besides poetry was not his forte.. Hp duly appreciated-the -beauties of nature, but (hreptly-Jip. attempted ..to ,turp his sensation^ intq' wprdshC- becamfe decidedly weak in-his ut^qmnce^ Jle .made a mental note of this facti whwh' had often beforeJ presented itself to him, qadt resolved that nothing poetid should haveaplaee inhis great .work. Solid got into other subjects; first of all that of ghosts, in which 'Aihy, as there were yet many hours of' daylight, expressed her dis belief. This lasted them some time, and-then he began to talk of the Continent, and Switzerland in particular, and as his com panion knew nothing of these subjects, he found her an attentive and agredable listener, so that- when, after taking alast look at the view, they strolled back to the place where they had left Mr.' Stuke, and found him with a red silk handkerchief spread over his face, snoring loudly. Harold was quite sorry to have to wake inn and put a stop to his plea sant leteiditetc wi .h Amy. Nothing at all worthy of recording took place during the rest of our hero's visit to ,Park6ide^ViIla. -i Suuday.'eVening was passed at churchy and then to crown the indiscretions of the day they finished off with a hot supper, after wmcU they retired to. sleep and to dream offthe ill effects. Early next morning Harold and Mr. Stuke were rattled off to the station and to the city; but not without the former receiving a very cordial invitation from his hostess to come down and stay from Saturday to Monday with them whenever and as often as he could, and he thought a rather tender shake of the hand horn Amy, who looked at him with , a glance which seemed to repeat her mother's invitation. 