% Novelist. ;v GRIT, , A Story oftho Past and Present; of Ordi nary, mon and Ordinary things, in Ordi nary languaijOj ' 33o suro thy sin will find thco out.' BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTIIOIl OF ' IN TIIH FOLDS plf TUB SHItl'EKT,' ,, -' Bn,vi;nw.vTF.n dkni), I'.TO.' ; . It is a beautiful belief : .. '? That ovor round our liomt Aro hovoring on angel wings, , v ? The spirits of tho doiul. OHAPTBll . XIX — (ooxtikuhd). ? Many in tho crowd could road Obadiah liko a book, nnd thoroughly understood that lio was a hypocrite, but thoir foolings woro so .?. worked up that oven tho most irroveront amongst thom could not rofrain joining in ?iiv j)rayor. It was theroforo a strango picture, ' this multitudo on their knees, and tlio sun rising in tho oust, gilding tho machinery and , : changing tho oolums of smoko into . wreaths ot snow. But hardly had Obadiah lifted his ? voico when Spot, who had been on tho wntcli all tho time, uiadp a dnrt, arid1 seizing the apostlo by ,tho leg, made liim spring a fow spaces , into tho air with a cry as if the evil ; * ono had seized liim, whereupon tho impromptu ? congregation started up, inclined Co think something sorious lind happened ; but tho moment thoy saw tho Btato of affairs, -a universal burst o£ lauglilor took place. Oba diah's face changed from white to scarlet, and turning round- ho dealt poor Spot so hearty a kiok that-had it readied him, ho would havo ? gono down tho shaft a dying dog. Tho .. crowd seeing this at once rnshed to reseuo . Spot, crying out, 'That's tho poor boy's dog,' and Obadiah had to sneak away liko a f whipped ctir. Hardly had this exoitoment passed over ; whon a startling cry was heard, and a beauti ful girl, with her dress disarranged, her hair flying in wild disorder about hor shoulders, rushed through tho crowd. Every soul know' at onco that this was Bertha, tho rich man's (laughter, and as tho story of lior lovo for Jack was pretty woll known, thanks to tho gossip ing proolivitics of Gritty Gully, thoy at onco j undorstood the cause ot her distress) and gavo way with tho respect that misfortuno always generates. ' Is ho dead ? Is ho dead-?' sho cried, \- turning to several millers sho knew. ' Wo do not know, Miss Whito,' said ono of tho men respectfully, 'but wo hone not. It is quite possiblo he may be alive.' At that moment Obadiah Swcetcomfort's ? long hypocritical faco appeared in tho front .rank. His oyos gleamed with a sort of de moniacal light, as ho gazed upon tho girl with .-,?? an expression of desiro and revengo. v; 'Ho is dead,' said Obadiah, in his most i sepulchral tones ; ?' no man could liavo lived ? tho night through in that mine excluded from . air. Tho foul air has killed him long ago.' ? -Bortha nttored a desolate wail, and sunk upon a pilo of untrimmcd slabs near the . (mouth of tho o'ruol shaft which had destroyed ?lior loved ono. Was ho dead? Would she rfnevor see hi3' bright face again ? Would he Sv novor : olaBp hor to his heart and impress ? thoso ploasant passionato kisses on her lips? 0 1 God, to think that down in the horrid ?'depths was hor lover's corpse disfigured be yond recognition ; to think of tho slow and ?? ? terrible death that might havo boon his I Was ho dead? Could ho bo (load? Sho ; ' - could not, would not realise the torriblo fact. . Hor mind failed to grasp tho stern reality; and it was a inorcy. v.. ?.?.-Sovoral of tho wbmen who wero present, ? women who had known tho horror of stand .* ing on tho brink of a shaft in an agony of apprehension for a beloved one, aftor casting \- .. reproachful glances at Obadiah, oamo forward, . and, sitting beside Bertha, began to comfort ? vhor, tolling tho gill many things which thoy , ; thought would give her hope. ? \- v Obadiah Sweotcomfort stood there and ,!? f gazed upon this lovely creature with the feel ings of a disappointed demon. How beauti ful sho was 1 What torturo to gaze on all ? vthis lovoliness, on this woman whom lio' so . . ' ; passionately loved, nnd tliink that lio had not, could not liavo part or parcel in hor I ' Whon will you know tho worst ?' asked ? Bertha. ? \- V ? ' By mid-day,' answcrecTthe woman. .. . Slio looked up at tlio sky and saw that tho sun was only rising. \- How manv wenrv hours sho would havo to . wait, and then — -?'??-? In- this hour of affiiotion all wero equal. Bortlia folt this aB her lioart went forth to tho dear kind) creatures who Btrovo to lessen hor grief. At other times these women woro ?. accustomed to gaze upon hor from afar oil as of being of anothor sphoro; but now tho. ? coinmon bond of humanity drew thom together, and! earthly distinctions and barriors wore forgotten. . ... A vory short timo had, liowovor, elapsed \- - whon a murmur at tho outer odgo of tho crowd announced somo now event. . Mr. White's carriago drew up oloso to tho engino ? liouso, thp horses rooking and quivering, and Bortlia's father stopped out. His faco ox jjV' /prossediangor and determination. Striding to wlioro tho poor girl was, ho seized lior hand, . and in no gentle tones commanded her to como with him. Slio' lifted her weeping eyes up to'his stern faco and shuddered. ; : .'Ol father,' Tsaid tho girl, 'lot mo stay until I havo soon- his— ;liis — ' sho could not say corpse; ' lot mo stay till then, and I will go anywlioro with you, to Sydney or olso , wlioro, so long as I am away from this torriblo ? place. 0 1 father, do.' , ? . How eloquently she pleaded with thoso ? beautiful oyes 1 But thoro was no cliango in hor father's faco, it was as inilexiblo as ovor. . ' What good can it do 1' ho said, harshly, ? '! tho boy is dead. Lcavo this plaoo, whore .v thero can bo nothing but painful memories, 1 . -and seek othor scones where you will forget all.' \- , I cannot forget, I cannot forgot,' said tho poor girl. ? , . 'But you must,' said tho harsh-, mail, grasping hor hand iirmly and dragging her to tho carriago. Tho crowd dared not intorfere. The only protest ontorcd was a low growl from Spot, who had rccognised Bortlia, and found comfort in hor presence, although tho sagacious creature easily detected her grief, and began in his simple mind to think tliat thoro was soinothing wrong. ? Bertha was rudely forced, weeping, into tho carriage. Tho horses woro at onco lashed into a gallop, and tho vehicle disappeared in a cloud of dust. Thoro was just time to catch the train, for Grit had a railway now, and poor BOrtlia was placed in a carriage, and tho ongino shrieked nnd whistled and departed for Molbourno, convoying thither a tortured soul, weeping and wailing ovor tho lost dream of youth. ' CHAPTER XX. Whilo thoso scones wero taking placo at tho Hesperus Extended, ovonts of a very different character woro transpiring in Grit. Aftor tho groat mooting, Hcotor, Bunakum, and somo of his principal supporters repaired to tho dingy odico of tho Gritty Otilly Trumpet, wlioro, assembled in the don known as tho editor's room, thoy began to disenss tho affairs of tho night. Tho Trumpet of noxt (lay would bo ono of tho best numbers overissued. Thoro was tho groat mooting, tho terrible accident at tho Hesperus Extended mine, and, of course, thero would bo a splendid leader from tho pen of Grit's mightiest journalist, Hootor Macinnis, wheroin tlio opposite party would bo annihilated, and tho courso of the electors mado clear. Grit had now a gas company; of course there had been gas thero in tho early days, but not such as could be utilised for light. Tho Trumpet oQico absolutely llared with it. Thero was gas everywhere, which was a com fort, as thoro was nothing olso to speak of. Tho oxtorior of tho building was not very prepossessing. Onco, indeed, tlio fapade had beon thought the very acme of architecture. It was of rod brick— as if tho dust of Grit woro not rod onough — and tho mason had by an ingenious arrangement fixed certain of tlio bricks to form tho words QritUj Gully Trumpet. Tho red dust of yoars had settled upon tho building until it now looked liko an ugly lobster drowned in dirty anchovy pasto. Upon window, coign, and door the insidious dust had fallen until thero wns not tho sem blance of tho original design loft. To add to tho discomfort of visitors a flight of well worn steps led to tho sanctum, and, as thoro was no light outside, accidonts wero tho rule; and ho was a lncky man who escaped scathlcss when ho visited tho Lyceum of Grit. By tlio Bide of tho building rail a narrow lane, fit for '?? uiumiaar.''' ''' back was tho stago door of tho theatre, whence at night seedy supers issued to fetoli'in tho pewter pots of beer from tho hotel at tlio corner for tho stars. Gritty people would toll you with prido that they had seen G. Y. Broolco borno in there from a cab when in ono ot his drinking moods ; and to this day tho hotel boasts that Julia Matthews was a boarder whon sho was a trollopy girl in short olothes. Altogether it was a classic locaUty. But tho inside of tho Trumpet office was to tho outside world a mystery, and the general publio could tell nothing about it, except that Hector Macinnis made tho paper thero. In tho inno cence of thoir souls thoy believed that ho wrote, sot up, printed, and delivered tho Trumpet. Hector Macinnis found tho ofiico in a state of ' pi,' to use a professional term. Tho compositors had been out of copy for hours, tho overseer was fretting and fuming and consuming beer; tho apprentices were, larking, and tho fiuli.oditor was in despair. Up to this timo tho editor and reporters had not put in an appearance. Koprint would, not do, so the whole establishment had to be idle, consoling 'themselves with tho reflection that thoy would not get homo until tho sun had risen next morning. But thoy knew tlioy had no remedy, although Hector Macinnis was a benevolent champion of liberty, and a warm advocate of the eight hours system. Ho never allowed his loftv bouI to consider his own office. That was out of tho pale. So lie kept his reporters, his writers, his composi tors and his printers waiting for him at his pleasure, without in tho slightest degreo con sidering that thoy wero moil just liko the. miners and carpenters for whom lio expended so much breath. But then consider ; _ the miners and carpenters could Bond .him into Parliament, and tho poor printers couldn't, boing only a drop in tlio ocean of Gritty humanity. 0, triio proverb I — ' A saint abroad, a devil at home.' In a few minutes, howovor, tho Gritty Gully Trumpet ofiico was tho scene of tho greatest activity. Tho reporters who, after tho meet ing, had liastonod to tho Hesperus Extended to ascertain tho particulars ot tho accident, rushed in and at onco began transcribing notes, as if all tho elcotricity in tho ofiico had concentrated in tlicm, and their pens flow over tho paper liko steam- engines. Tho overseer stood ovor tlicm, however, like a ghoul, devouring thoir slips, which ho cut up in pieces, and handed to his expectant compositors, who rushed to their frames and set with a rapidity that must have thrown tho reporters into despair, if they had had timo to look round. All this timo tho great mover himself sat in tho editor's sanctum, drinking wine with Bunakum and his friends, and totally heedless of tho agonised faco of tho overseer, who now and then rushed post the open door in the vain hope of arousing his sympathy. Tho sub-editor hopped about— for ho was lame — and strove to keep up a jolly appearance, whon ho felt all tho pangs of the damned. Nor did Bunakum nnd the rest heed this in tho slightest. Why should tho champions of liberty, of the horny handed, of tho eight hour system, pay attention to the wants of these poor creatures? Why, in deed ? But as Dr. Bouso was moved by tho spirit 'of loo to adjourn, tho party at last broke up. ' I will be round at tho Patriot, presently,' said Hector, as ho flaw his friends safely down tho steps. v Tho overseer now hoped that there would bo somo ohanco of finishing boforo daybreak. But Hector coolly passed him by, and, sitting in his oliair, began to go through thb piles of newspapors that lay beforo him. Tho_ over seer rushed out, and sworo by himself in tho passage, then adjourned to seek tho solaeo of tho pewter. ? Aftor a whilo Hector Macinnis did think that ho ought to begin his leader, inasmuch as it - was time for him to join tlio company at loo, and casting away the last paper, ho dipped liis pen in ink — and was about to writo when — What faco was this that rose beforo him in tlio hour of victory? What accusing oyes gazed upon him out of the dusty bookshelf ? What form nroso from out tho shadows of tho lamp ? Pshaw 1 Thero was nothing tliero. Tho leader must bo written. But it is not easy ta put down tho ghosts that ariso to niook us, if thoy havo their origin in our own guilty souls. With- an . impatient exclamation Hector Maoinnis fixed his eyes upon tho paper, and, taking his pen in hand, began to writo tho leader which was to clectrify Grit next day. Ho had thoroughly digested tho matter, and ' throwing it off ' was to liim an easy task. Soon tho pago was covered with his peculiar, but regular handwriting, and, striking tho bell, tho overseer appeared. A smilo of in tense satisfaction spread over that worthy's faco as ho glanced at tho sheet, and Jio clutohcd it with inexpressible delight. It was immediately cut up info little pieces, and tlio compositors put to work on it, Hatting -tlio matter up- so quiokly that ero Hector had finished tho last slip tlio first proof was in his hand. lie soon hurried through it, and then began looking over tho files. ,JIo bccamo tired of these, however, and, throwing tlio paperR to ono side, put on his coat and lint, ?and strode away amidst tho blessings of his employes, who wero trembling that he would writo a second lender. It (lid not tako him long to reach the Patriot, which was still full of light, tho politicians not having departed. They wero arguing in tho bar — at least, as many of them as wero ablo to argue. But Hector passed by, and wont on to tho room wlioro tho solect men, including Dr. liouso, woro indulging in a littlo relaxation in tho Bliapo of a game of loo, which was now tho popular amusement of tho higher class of Grit, varied by an occasional tussle at poker. Hector Maoinnis carod littlo for cards, but when troublo or- anxiety eamo upon him ho often indulged in a game. As ho did not care to sleep that night, having to bo up early, ho resolved to drivo away all apprehensions of tho morrow in whnt ho called a ' tit-np.' As ho was passing ho noticed Maggie, who was serving the men in the bar. Her face, usually so bright, was far from cheerful, and tlio redness of hor eyes showed that she had been weeping. A shade camo over Hector's faco as ho noticed this. Ho knew why sho wns so gloomy. But it was not a causc of sorrow to him. N And tho night passed ou, Heotor playing with great caro and winning. Indeed this was no wonder, for tho others wero so far advanced that tlioy could hardly distinguish a king from a jack. Ho accepted this as a sign that ho would bo successful. Tho dawn began to find its way into tho close room and to pale tho gaslight , beforo tho players thought of separating. Then, aftor a hearty wash and somo slight refreshment, thoy held a meeting, when final arrangements woro made for tho groat contest. The party, too, had tho satisfaction of reading Hector's leader, which was pronounced a masterpiece. Aftor that, how could Mr. Miall and his friends stand a show? . CHAPTER XXI. Whilo thoso scones woro passing at the Patriot, two wretched crcaturos wero lying in tho casualty ward of tho hospital of Grit. Bridget O'Began and hor husband had never rallied after their brutal treatment. They ,woro so nearly dead whon tho attack was mado that lifo was easily driven out of their wretched ' bodies. Tho husband died very soon aner no was aunuiieu, ami .LU Boomed likely to 'olid her troubles ero: the morning broke. But, as she had always' had a strong mind of hor own and was naturally contrary, sho disappointed tlio doctors. As tho first beams of tho morning sun- lit up tho beds of tho patien ts sho opened 'lior eyes, just as tho dootors expected her to closo thorn for ovor. Sho was too.weak to spealc much, liowevor, and was commanded by the warders to bo quiet. . 1 'Hush,' said tho head warder, 'lie's dead.' ' . ' Tho woman lay back with a sigh. It seemed as if slio had collected all hor strength for this effort, nnd, how that it had appeared vain, she sank again into a sullon lethargy: How earnestly nnd unceasingly tlio men worked at tho Hesperus Extended I How tho crowd clicercd the shifts as thoy camo up and went down 1 In spito of the counter attrac tions of tho election, which began to bo at its hottest about twelve o'clock,- tlio crowd still gathered, until thousands of persons woro collected around thb claim. Electors slipped away now- and then to record their votes, and returned immediately. In all directions cabs' wero flying, bearing posters, ' Vote for Miall,' ' Voto for tho champion of tho people, Hcctor Maoinnis,' nnd these occasionally thinned tho crowd considerably, but fresh accessions kept up. its dimensions. Messengers wero running' backwards and forwards, eagerly giving information of tho stato of tlio poll. . This was soon displayed on a blackboard, on which were chalked the names of the candi dates, tho numbers being continually erased, and frcsli figures substituted, all' ot wllich proved that Hcctor Macinnis was forging ahead. . At four o'clock tho blackboard showed : — 4 ! [ r -'i ' Hector Macinnis ... . . 1G05 William Hi Miall .. . . .1502 A great cheor burst from tho assembly as theso figures ivero chalked up, varied by a littlo hooting from Mr. Miall's supporters. Suddenly a tremendous olieer was hoard from thoso assembled closo to tho shaft. It was bo different from tho othor, so full of human rejoicing and sympathy, that its meaning was at onco convoyed' to oven thoso dullest of apprehension. Tho explanation was Boon givon. Jack appeared on tho brace. Tlion tlio enthusiasm of the multitude broke forth, and chcer after cheer' rang through tho air, until tho very hills reverberated. Tho miners whom Jack's' timely warning had saved, rnshed forward, aiid ono after another grasped his hand in tho wildest enthusiasm. Thoro was only ono faco in in tho 'huge host that became gloomy. Obadiah Sweotcomfort be stowed ono glance of hate, ferocity, and fear upon Jack, and then, muttering to himself, sprang into tho nearest eab. This action was not unnoticed. Obadiah had only just como up to communicate tho stato of tho poll. Ho had been too busy all day, rounding up Hector's supporters, to think of Jack. Jack's heart rose as ho saw tlio thousands of faces around him, all beaming with satis faction at liis escape. Hunger and weariness were forgotten, and, waving his hand, ho ad dressed them : — ' Men of Grit, I will never forgot this occasion. Tho terriblo danger I liavo under gone, death, and all its terrors aro compen sated by this ready and earnest sympathy. It is on such occasions that wo forget tho potty jealousies and 'meanness of lifo, and become brothers in reality. Let mo thank my fellow miners for tho noble manner in which thoy exerted themselves to savo mo, sparing nothing — not oven their lives. Ami what thoy havo dono for mo, I, yes, nnd everyone here, would do for thom I' Amidst cheer after clicer Jaok was placed upon tho shoulders of four men, and a pro cession formed. Hallam, tho bandmaster of Grit, was present. Ho had been all day play ing with his men for Hcotor Macinnis at tho Patriot; but tho moment he found that Jack had been saved, he sent a cabman post haste for his band. Just as tho procession noarcd tlio hospital, which lay in its route, tho band met them. Hallam at once set himself at its head, and soon tho air rang with the stirring strains of ' See tho Conquering Hero Comes.' It was a stirring spectaclo ; tho moving crowd of enthusiastic, cheering people; tlio. gay uniforms of tho band, and the rescued minor, placed on high abovo his fellows, his eyes gleaming with the light of pleasure. Just as thoy camo to tho hospital gates tho 'head doctor rushed out, and mado liiii way to Jaok. All respected the man, and the pro cession at onoo halted. Tho doctor shook Jack's hand warmly, and congratulated liim on his escape., 'A poor woman, who was illused last night by the crowd at tlio Patriot, and who is dying,' said tho doctor, ' lias beon asking for you all tho morning. Wo thought sho was dead. Whon a warder rushed in witji the news that you wero saved, and then tlio woman roused herself, jvnd passionately entreated that you would como to her. * Her naino is Bridget O'liegan.' ' Jack's faco changed. Memories of that awful Bceno in tho largo room of tho Patriot, wlioro ho knocked down Dr. lionise, camo into liis mind. Glancing towards tho valley, lie could seo tho spot where his unfortunato mother lay. Could this woman know any thing about this torriblo mystery which en shrouded liis parent's death ? lie distinctly remembered tlio hesitation with which sho gavo hor ovidenco at tlio inquest. Ho would go in and seo her. Tho crowd mado no objection. Tho band stopped playing, and Jaok walked into tho hospital v^tli tho doctor. It did not take them long to reach the room in which Bridget lay dying. Her eyes wero fixed earnestly upon the door as tlioy entered. Her faco lit up with a wild joy whan, sho saw Jaok. Ho camo up to her bed, and took her hand. What a change had como over this woman sinco ho knew hor first I Ho rccolleotcd her when sho wns a fine, buxom woman, the happiest and gayest of tho wives of Grit. And now?. Well, woll, how tlio demon, brink, had changed lioi. Ho remembered his own mother, nnd tlio tears camo into his eyes. Sho looked at liim ; sho saw tho tears, and from her own orbs, .fast clouding in tho night of death, tho drops of human feeling cmno. ' I wish to jpnko to him alone,' sho feebly murmured ; nnd the doctors and thcattendants went out, leaving Jack and this poor creature alone, savo tho other patients, who turned round their weary heads to look at Jaok, who was known to most of them. What passed between Jack and tho dying woman no ono knew. A few minutes after tho warders loft tho room Jack camo out. HiB faco was flushed, his oyos glistened, and a wild cxcitcmont, appeared to pervade his frame. ' You can go in now,' ho Baid, ' Sho is dead.' CHAPTER XXH. A great orowd had gatherod boforo tho court house of Grit. It was li strango building that; formed, of course, of dingy red bricks. It would have puzzled the most learned archi tect, to understand its order, unless ho charac terised it as tho brickdusty disorder. Tho loading residents wero gatherod on tho bal cony, anxiously waiting for Dr. llonse, who was to declare tho state of tho poll. In tlio distance, but cvory moment coming nearer, tho strains of tho band sounded. To Hcctor and his friends it seemed a triumphal march. ?Tlio band was just turning thecorncrof tho narrow street that led up to tho court liouso, or town hall — for it served botii purposes — when a great clicer announced the appearanco of the principal actors. Dr. Bouse camo for ward-, followed by Hcctor Macinnis, Mr. Miall, Bunakum, and tho rest. The assemblage wero somewhat puzzled to hear tho crowd further down tho street cheering in a different strain, whilo tho band struck up ' Jack's tho Lad.' ' Gentlemen,' said Dr. liouso, amidst tho noise,- ' it is my duty now to declare the state of tho poll. It is — Hector Macinnis .. .. 2051 William Miall ' .. 1075;' Hero his voico was drowned in a tre mendous roar ot voices, tho feeblo' efforts of tho opposition to groan being ? rendered in effective. It was like tho growling of a bassoon amidst tho din of an orchestra when tho climax iB reaohed. ' I therefore declare Hcctor Macinnis duly ' elected.' ' With a bright eye and a smiling faco, Hcctor Macinnis stepped forward, his appear ance in front being greeted with cheor upon cheer. Bunakum waved his hand for silence, and Hector 'was ' on tho point of addressing the assemblage, whon tho stillness was broken by a shout, so tremendous that it fairly shook tho building, and a thousand voices woro raised at the same- moment, crying — ' Jack is saved 1' Heotor Macinnis looked straight boforo liim, and tho triumph died out of his eyes, the color out of his cheeks, as ho saw Jack mounted on tho shoulders of tho minors. A sort of film seemed to gather beforo him; tho building appeared to totter, tho figures on tho poll board were blotted' out, and in their placo appeared a terrible, distorted faco that seemed to mock liim, nnd to burn into his soul. He staggered back into the arms of Obadiah Sweotcomfort. ' ' v CHAPTER XXIII. ? . Fndiiig dream of lovo, ; .- ? Fatal dream of gold;. . Mockuig slmdes that bring ' Griof and pain untold ; , . Gilded baubles bright, .': .; 1 ' , -Sun- touched mists dccoiviug,.-' ' . Vanishing iii air, * ' . ? ' . Disappointment leaving I , V ' Sprung liko a vision of night, '? : . .' Out of tho swamp near tlio river, Prosperous, sunny, and bright, Growing for ever and ovor I , , ? ; ?: Two years havo gono sinco Heotor Macinnis started back at tho town hall of Grit, whon lio beheld, the . vision of tlio resuscitated, when his dreams of grandour and peaco were thrust aside, and tho reality' of anothor struggle with tho shadow of his life was photographed upon his brain. Tho scene is not in Grit. Tlio roar of tho steam engines, and tho clattcr of tho stampers have passed away, and wo are in tlio street of Bourke, in tho city of Melbourne. Night has fallen, and myriads of lights havo sprung up on every side until an artificial day is oreatcd, unhealthy and glaring. Streams of peoplo pass up and down tho glittering thorougfaro as restlessly as tho spcctrcs in tho Hall of Eblis. Threo gay young men, faultlessly dressed, woro passing up tho street towards tho great unfinished building which claims to bo tho seat of Government. Among theso was tho horo of our story, Jaok. Ho was very dif ferent in appearance, liowover, to tho young shepherd and miner of our acquaintance. Dressed in a well-fitting suit, he looked a fine, tall gentleman. His well-turned limbs, grace ful carriago, and liandsonio faco would havo earned him tho approbation of oven tho most fastidious. Ho had filled out and rounded so well that he was a most unoxcoptionablo per son now, ono mado to lovo and to bo loved. His face was full and fairly boarded, and his oyes sparkled with thoir old happy light. No ono would havo dreamed that ho had been a shep herd and a miner, except, indeed, it they looked at his hands, whioh showed that ho had worked. But in a democratic country that was nothing. ' ( Tho party had just arrived in tho city from Grit. Jaok had novor seen Melbourne, or any great city. However, lio tried to look as if ho had lived in town all his life. This, though, was very difficult, for ovory step ho took a new wondor appeared. Ho thought Grit a groat place, but it was nothing to this city. And so ho Bauntcrcd on amidst tho bewildering crowd, sticking pr'otty oloscly, liowover, to his companions, who had been to town before. And yet ho had a steady purpose in view. Ho had been successful, and now thought that ho could finally aspire to Bertha's hand. Bertha lived with her father ill the city, and ho had not seen her sinco that eventful day when he bade farewell to her in tho park at Grit. But thero was anothor object that causod liim to visit Molbourno. ' ' Where are tho Parliament Houses ?' ho asked, as they passed tho Theatre lioyal, and his companions mado a stand. ' Oh, a long way up tho street,' replied Bill I'lynn, a gay broker. ' Who's. going to bother themeelves about that humdrum placo to-night. Why, hero's Flyko the Flibertin going on at tho Royal ; lots of legs, sparse attire, and any quantity of dancing and music.' ' Who's going up there,' said Joo Jolliboy, with a laugh, ' to listen to prosy old buffers, whon there's ao much lifo to bo seen. Why, wo haven't visited any placo yet; tlioro's tlio Megatherium, tlio Gay Mabillo, and lots of others.' ' I'm going to tho Houses of Parliament,' said .Tack, quietly. 'Don't you know that the groat event of the year takes placo to-night. There is the discussion on tlio voto of confid ence in tho M'Calvin ministry.' 'All I yes,' said Joo, ' so thero is. There'll bo some fun, no doubt. Hector Macinnis speaks for tho opposition to-night, and lio'll mako it hot for old M'Calvin.' 'Anyhow, I don't see muoli difference,' said Bill ; ' it seems to mo that tho country's bound to bo governed by tho Macs or tho O'b. However, I'll go with you, and to-morrow night we'll do the town.' . 'Wliat if thoy telegraph for us ?' said Joo. ' I don't know,' was tlio reply of Jack. 'I don't feel inclined to return to Grit for- a fort night.' * ' Whnt'll Maggio say ?' A dark shade passed over Jack's factf. ' You'd better loavo that alone,' Baid Bill ; ' Jack doesn't care about it.' Without speaking any more, tho threo young men moved up Bourke-strcct until tlioy ? reached tho front of tho Parliament buildings. Jack gazed with curiosity on, the Ktrango black pile, from tho narrow windows of whioh gleamed tho gaslight, qontrasting with tho deep gloom of the surrounding gar dens. Out of tho roar and rush ot Bourkc strcet they passed into tho comparative quietude of tho Parliament reserve. A knot of rather seedy-looking persons were gathered around tho unfinished front of the dismal, gaol-like building. Two or three policcmen kept guard over theso patriots. ' There's no show' of getting in,' Baid Bill, ' money's refused at tho doors.' ' I don't know about that,' said Joe. 'If I can get hold of old Mumbles, I'll bet fivo to ono we got in. He daren't refuse such influ ential electors. Old Mumbles was Hector's colleague, and ho was kopt in his place out of pity for the old man, who in his time had been useful. Ho lived now only to please his constituents, doing exactly what thoy bid him, thinking as thoy thought, and receiving from tlieni suf ficient money in a number of ways. Joe judged rightly that ho would not daro to refuBO thom admittance. ' Can't get in, gentlemen,' Baid tho door keeper, a stalwart son of tho Green Isle. ' Wo want to see Mr. Mumbles,' said Jack, coolly. ' I don't know if lie's in tho house,' was tho reply, although tho doorkeeper had just caught a glimpse of Mr. Mumble's unkempt liair when ho was uslioring in an influential clector. ' Givo him those cards if ho is,' said Joo. Tho doorkeeper looked daggers at the party, but took the cards, and put them into a sort of lift, shouting through a tube to tho to the messenger abovo. In a fow' minutes a stentorian voice wns heard. ,i- Gentlemen who Bent to Mr. Mumbles come up.' Tho doorkeeper's demeanor at once changed, and, with assiduous politeness, ho showed tho party up stairs, much to tho chagrin of tho assembled crowd of less influential indi viduals, who would have almost perilled their souls to liavo heard tho debate. A place for the party was found by ono of tho attendants with groat diiliculty, at tho solicitation of Mr. Mumbles, who had him self come forth to do tho honors. When Jack had squeezed himself between two apoplectic jiatriots, ho had time to look around and tako in tho scene. Thero is a strange, inexplicable feeling when a man first enters into a placo which ho has road of, and looked upon as being too great and grand for liim ever to see. It was, therefore, with awe that Jack glanced at the assembled wisdom of tlio colony. Thero thoy sat— row upon row — intently listening to tho utterance of a distinguished lawyer, who was laying down tho points in controversy. But the assemblage disappointed Jaok. They had thoir hats on, just as if they wero at a restaurant; a portion woro stretched at full length on the scats, somo had thoir logs cocked up over tho cushions, and others wero engaged in a somewhat disrespectful conver sation. On. the whole ho was disoncliantcd. He could not help smiling at tho ' old woman ' who sat in the chair, a most amiable looking person. Jack thought ho would havo to bo : amiable, considering tho vapid talk ho had to listen to. throughout tho session. Jack, tpo, glanced at tho gallery where tho reporters wore busy talcing down the words that flowed from tho lips of tho great Hicldebothcr. \- That gentleman sat down amidst applause. . ? ?? ' Now it's-to como,' said tho fat gentleman on Jack's right. ' Maoinnis is going to close up tlio debate, and then, after M'Calvin has replied, tho voto will bo taken.' . Tlio blood rushed to Jack's face, his frame trembled, and his clenched hands grasped tho back of tho form in front, his gazo concentrated upon tho man he liatcd so intensely. With a haughty and confident air, Hootor ? Macinnis rose, and aftor going to the tablo and taking a drink of water, ho glanced over liis notes. Ho had greatly changed. Not only was his dross superior to what it used to bo, but ho had improved in every way ; indeed he could almost bo called a handsome man. His face had become interesting and intellec tual, and as lie did not toil at night, the wearied owl-liko expression of countenanco bo peculiar to him in tho old times, was no moro. In every lineament of his faeo wore stamped power, confidence and hope. Ho was a new man. Jack looked at liim, and shut his mouth, as if ho wero restraining himself. Even ill voico, the man had improved. His speech was tolerably freo from that harshness which had militated in tho past so much against his success as a public speaker. Practice in debate had enabled him to con dense his matter, and it was a pleasure to listen to tho cool, quiet manner in which ho met ovory argument brought forward by tho M'Calvin Bide, tho moro Bolid matter being enlivened by graceful, cutting sarcasm. As ho spoke, tho faces of that party bccamo very elongated, whilo thoso of his own men uliono with delight. Argument after argu ment was disposed ot by liim witli perfoot ease, interspersed with telling sarcasm, and nfter ho had refuted ovorything that had been brought forward in favor of tho expiring Ministry, ho began to heap up. charge aftor ohargo against thom, until old M'Calvin fairly felt himself sinking into liis boots. ' Sir,' said Hcctor as ho prepared to con clude his speech, 'if, after what I liavo advanced against theso gentlemen, who liavo held power in this country undor falso pre tences, this Houso continues tlicm in their offices to trillo with tho rights and liberties of tlio people — ' Ho had first glanced at tho speaker, then at tho Ministerial benches, and now ho directed his gazo to tho corner, wlioro his eye met full that of Jack, who was stariug at him in. a sort of wild stupor. Instantly Hector Macinnis stammered, his faco became suffused, his head swam, and ho staggered. After a few. seconds of hesitation, ho turned to tho tablo and took up a glass of water. His hand trembled, his frame, shivered, and tho glass fell from his hand,, and was broken into a thousand pieces. Thero was a stern joy in Jack's face, as lie noted tho effect his presenpe had upon his enemy. IIu was glad that.hq had been ablo to bo present, to dash a drop of bitterness into the cup of liis gladness. This, too, was con firmation strong of tho thoughts that had been in his mind ever sinco that day when ho had conversed with tlio dying woman in the hospital ot Grit. His faco grew darker and darker as ho gazed upon tho statesman of the i future. i Tho House wondered at Hector's conduct. Tho old gentleman in tho chair gavo a fcoblo sort of start — ho had been Bleeping with his eyes open for some time. M'Calvin stared. Hector's party looked astounded, and ono or two started up as if to assist him. Tho roportors were glad of tho fow minutes' cessa tion, as it enabled them to put a finishing touch to their notes. (To be continued.) ? ? ? ? 