ttyzWi&r; Dr. Gunson has been appointed a director of the Australian Widows' Fund Assurance Society. Mr. T. G. Pleydell, of South Australia, has been elected a fellow of the Royal Colonial Institute, London. John Egan, of Hindmarsh, was admitted to the hospital on Monday morning suffering from a compound fracture of theleg, which was caused by jumping from his horse. - A woman named Mary (Jonolly, 44 yeai'3 of age, living at North Adelaide, was walking in the street tm. Monday morning when she fell down and broke her right leg. She was taken to the Adelaide Hospital. We are informed by Messrs. Healy and Whelan, the treasurer and secretary of the Irish Land League Fund, that they remitted the sum of £16D by the last homeward mail in aid of the above-named fund. We understand that Dr. Jackson re linquishes his positions of assistant colonial surgeon and medical officer at the Mount Gambier Hospital at the end of April, and that his successor will be appointed about the middle of the present month. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy is actively engaged in writing and preparing for publication the - second volume of 'Young Ireland.'-. It. will- be published in the beginning of next July, and. will appear simultaneously in Paris, London, New York, and Australia. ' Afire occurred in a stablebelonging to Mr. Andrew Mitch, carter of Carlisle-street, Glanville, shortly before midnight oif Friday, March 31, but with the assistance of neigh bors the flames were subdued before any ' serious damage was done. \- It was decided at the meeting of the Koyal AgriculturalSociety on March 31 that a box of grapes should be sent to England in the re frigerating chamber of the i\ & O. steamer Clyde, which sails on April 15, and arrange ments are to be made for a report as to their condition on arrival. At the final meeting of the St. Patrick^ Day demonstration committee it was unani mously agreed to give £25 of the profits of the demonstration to the charities under the Sisters of St. Joseph, and the balance to the Adelaide Hospital, Children's Hospital, and the Deaf and Dumb and Blind Institution. The .cumber of passengers who arrived at ?Port Adelaide by. sea during the week that ended Aprill was 171, alL of whom were from Melbourne. The Tsuinber who left by sea during the same period ms^dyoi whom 296 were for Melbourne, 29 for Western Aus tralia, 63 for London, and 9 were for Sydney. At the meeting of the committee of manage ment of the Royal Agricultural and Horti- ? cultural Society on March 30, the secretary re- ' ported that the receipts at the recent show amounted to £335 3s. 6d. against £415 18s. 6d. in the previous year, and that prizes to the amount of £317 Si. had been awarded, It appears from a reply given by his worship ', to Alderman Buik at the meeting of the City Council on Monday that no progress has been made towards the removal of the powder magazine on the North Park Lands. The mayor saw ihe Commissioner about two months ago about the matter, and since then no correspondence had passed. The park lands ranger, in a, report recently presented to the works, committee of the City Council, complained of the pollution of the water in the Torrens Lake by the throwing in of dead dogs and in other ways, and it was decided to offer a reward of £5 for informa tion leading to the conviction of persons polluting the water in the lake. The following are the entries for the Easier Regatta to be held on Torrens Lake this afternoon : — Roboriae Cup — Norwoods, two crews ; South Adelaides, one crew ; Blue Jackets, one crew. Easter Cup— Norwoods, three crews; South Adelaides, two crews. Vandome Clip — Norwoods, two crews ; South Adelaides, one crew; Blue Jackets, one crew. A fatal accident happened on Wednesday to a man named Robert Jackson, a driver iu the employ of Mr. James Malthouse, of Hindmarsh. Deceased was driving a trolly along the road at Hindmarsh when he fell off and the wheels passed over his body. Dr. Stewart was called, but life was found to be extinct. The coroner has been informed of the occurrence. His Excellency the Governor received a despatch by the last mail from the Secretary for the Colonies (Lord Kimberley), dated February]13, intimating that the Bill passed by the legislature of this colony and reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, entitled ' An Act to further amend the Constitution Act,' ha^ been assented to by the Queen. Formanyycarspasttheresidentsinthenorth western and western portions of North Ade laide have agitated for a roadway from. Jeff cott-street to the Victoria Bridge-road, and on Monday the city surveyor laidjrefore the council an estimate of the cost of carrying out this work. He estimated that in order to obtain a road with a gradient of 1 in 30, an expenditure of £10,000 would be necessary. An enquiry was made by the city coroner oil Friday afternoon, March 31, into the cause of the sudden death of E. J. Smith, infant child of John Smith, who died on Friday morning in Angas- street. Dr. Jay was sent for, but on his arrival the child was dead. There being no suspicious circum stances attending the death, an inquest was not considered necessary. On Monday, March 27, a general meeting of the members of the Adelaide Fortschritts Verein was held at the National Hotel, Pirie street, for the purpose of electing officers for the ensuing year. The following officers were elected: — Mr. F. Schneider, president; Mr. J. Reimers, vice- president; Mr. H. Bogen, treasurer; Mr. A- Schnabl, secretary; Mr. D. Engelhardt, vice-secretary. The 'bazaar in aid of the Glenelg Wesleyan Sunday- school was concluded on Saturday, when there was a large attendance, especially at night. The proceeds of the bazaar with a few money contributions amount to £170, and there is a large surplus of goods for a future bazaar. This result is considered by those interested to be very satisfactory and a great help towards building the schoolroom. The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Officeduring the week ended] Saturday, March 25, was— Births, 109 males, 103 females ; deaths, €0 males, 33 females ; total, 212 births, 93 deaths ; excess of births, 119. In.the District of Adelaide the numbers were — births, 28 males, 2S females ; deaths, 35 males, 14 females ; total, 56 births, 49_deatbs; excess of births, 7. ? The Iillie Hawkins, ketch, from Eucla via the western ports, brought back the diamond drill, which will now be serviceable for some other locality. The machinery worked re markably well, the only drawback being the absence oi water for steam producing pur poses. The well put down reached water, but the first water struck proved brackish and accordingly further operations were post poned. Mr. W. H. Bundey, Q.C., who has been absent from the colony for some time re cruiting his health, will soon be back again amongst us. He arrived at Auckland, N.Z., on the 4th of April in the R. M.S. City of Sew Yorkj-and expects to reach Adelaide some time next week. Mr. Bundey's friends will be pleased to hear that his health has much improved during his sojourn in the mother country. We have had an opportunity, through the courtesy of Mr. G. S. Wright, of seeing a report prepared by Mr. W. R. Hunt, of the labor office, King William-street, showing the average wages earned by the working popula tion of this colony during the past ten years. There is no alteration in tradesmen's and artisans' earnings, but there is a decided in crease in the wages obtained by domestic servants, married couples, and miners. Mr. J. Walter Tyas has been appointed Registrar of the Adelaide University. He was chosen out of over sixty applicants. There can be no doubt that Mr. Tyas is well fitted, both by education and experience, to discharge the duties of the ofibe. He was formerly connected with the literary staff of the London Times, but latterly lie has bean the representative in Adelaide of Reuter's Telegram Company. On. Friday, March 31, a very sueeessfal blast was fired at Mr. S. V. Pizay's quarry, near MagilL The quantity of explores used was 1,000 lbs. of gunpowder and 15J lbs. of Nobel's blasting gelatine; whu;li displaced 4,000 tons of sandstone. The blast was firod by electricity by Miss C&rruthers;, the firing arrangements being under the supsrinten dence of Mr. E. Thomson the agent for Sobers Explosives Company. The annual meeting of the supporters of Union College was held on Friday, March 31. There was a small attendance. The reports presented showed that the results of the operations carried on in coaneetioa with the college during the year had been of a satis .faetory character, and from the financial statement it appeared that the trustees had invested £3,210 on mortgage, and that they lad £140 in hand. On Saturday afternoon, April 1, eight members of dbe South Australian Bicycle Club, headed by their captain, Mr. A. Game, left the General J?ostrOifi«:e at 3.L5 for a run ' to Rock Tavern. . The road was very good as far 'as Magill, but after leaving these it became very rough and hiliyaudahanks'a pony. lib.il to be used on one or two occasions, Xtjok Tirana was reached at 4.2), and -a halt was made for about -an hour. The party returned to the, city at- a quarter to 6 o'clock after a most enjoyable ride. A man named Vincenso.. iillo, living in Selby-street, died suddenly on Tuesday. . He had been ill for some time, but had no one to attend upon him. The city coroner on making enquiries found that the deceased had been suffering from cancer in the mouth. ; that he had a few weeks since come to Adelaide from Sydney with a view of returning to his native country, but declined to seek medical advice here. Under the circumstances the coroner did not consider an inquest necessary, and gave a certificate to that effect. The directors of the South Australian Land Mortgage and Agency Company are in receipt of telegraphic advice from the London office stating that at the annual meeting of the company held in London on the 3rd inst. tlie directors' report and accounts to December 31, 1SS1, were adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum declared for the second half-year of 1881. The dividend is pay able to holders of shares on the colonial register on the lath of April, the date at which, the dividend is payable in London. It will be remembered that some time ago Sir. Ormond, a wealthy Presbyterian of Mel bourne, offered — at first anonymously — to con tribute £5,000 towards the erection of the Church of England Cathedral in Melbourne on condition that £25,500 was raised by the end of December last. The time was subse quently extended to March 31 ulfc., and a late Melbourne paper announced that £24,804 had been obtained, thus leaving but £696 wanting, and probably a final effort was put forth to meet this deficiency by the speciued time. A meeting of gentlemen desirous of forming a local committee in connection with, the farmers' seed wheat relief fund, was held in the Port Town Hall, on Monday afternoon, April 3. There was a very limited attendance. Tfis Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. H. W. Thompson, J.P.), stated that several shipowners had promised to bring seed wheat free of charge from the south-eastern ports, and some others to take itup the other gulf also free of charge. Mr. Muecke, J.P., had also stated his willingness to transact any shipping business connected with the same gratuitously.. From the report of the secretary to the Royal Agricultural Society, on March 30, it appears that S3 exhibits have been sent from this colony to the International Wine Exhi bition, to be held at Bordeaux in June next. The exhibits consist of 22 samples of white wine of a light character, 16 of full-bodied white wine, 5 of sweet white wine, 9 of red wine of a light character, 22 of full-bodied red wine, 7 of sweet red wine, 1 o£ bottled ale, and 1 of brandy. Six bottles of each sample have been sent, and more will be for warded, if necessary. . The general orders issued by the Staff Office state that Lieut. C. E. Herbert has been, appointed, adjutant to the second battalion of the Adelaide Rifles. There is to be a skirmishing match - csv Easter Mon* day for the cup to be presented by His Excellency the Governor. - ? As it has beeome a common practice to apply for six months' leave, the commandant wishes it to be under* stood that in future men who apply for such long leave of absence will be placed on per manent leave, thus coming under the rules as regards payment for uniforms. The city coroner made enquiries on Friday morning into the circumstances attending the . death of Mrs. Seaton's little boy, aged eighteen months, who died in a tent on Government farm, Belair, on Thursday, March 30. The child had been ailing from teething for several days, and the usual domestic remedies were given him, when he got better, but on Thursday morning he was taken worse and died. The coroner censured the parents for not sending for a medical man, but thought an inquest unnecessary, as no doubt teething was trie primary cause of death. On Friday, March 31, a farewell tea meet ing, which was largely attended, was given at Kensington Primitive Methodist Church to the Rev. J. G. Wright. Mr. A. Byrne, who was called to the chair, spoke of the increase pf congregations and members during the four years of Mr. Wright's stay on the sta tion, and of the improvements which had been made -in the chapel. The meeting was also addressed by the Revs. Messrs. G-lasson, Jenkin, and Wright. Votes of thanks to the ladies, chair, and speakers were carried on the motion of Mr. H. Rosewarne, seconded by Mr. T. Moore. The meeting was a great success financially. Another mining venture, the Golden Birp Gold Mining Company, is now being floated, and an advertisement of the promoters will be found in another column. The land which it is proposed to purchase for the purposes of ! this company is situate in the Hundred of i Onkaparinga, about two miles sauth from the ? well-known Bird-in-Hand mine, and it is ' stated that there are several reefs running due j north and south, with an underlay to the I east, carrying a good slate foatwall. Die ! tapital is to consist of £30,000, iu £1 shares, i of which 10.000 shares paid up to 10s. a shave : are to be issued to the promoters. The J brokers are Messrs. Waterhouse & Jast. 1 In answer to a series of questions asked by I Alderman Madge at the City Council meet | ing on Monday His Worship stated that the ' highest rate at which city properties could be [ assessed for drainage purposes was Is. in the | pound, and that rate would be charged for 1 the present, but would be considerably re duced when the connections with the drain were general throughout the city. The Sewers Act gave to the Commissioner power to rate properties in all streets where the sewers were available for connection. It was only contemplated at present to rate those properties the owners of which applied for connection, and no construction rate would be charged. The quarterly entertainment in connection with the Young Women's Christian Associa tion was held on Friday evening, March 31, in PMe-street Lecture Hall. There was a very large attendance. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson presided. The programme, which, consisted of musical selections, recitations, and readings, was well carried out. Mr. Lavis was particularly happy in reciting ' Out of the fire,' and was enthusiastically applauded. Miss A. Richardson, a little girl, sang 'Won't you buy my pretty flowers' very sweetly, and was encored. Daring an interval refreshments were handed round, and the chairman announced that the next meeting for preparing the winter programme would be held shortly. In our obituary column is announced the death of Mr. Edward Kirk Horn, J.P., an old Australian colonist, who came to this colony from Sydney, and for some years re sided at Port Wakefield, where he carried on an extensive agency business in connection with the shipping and wool trade. He was an intimate friend of Mr. (now Sir) W. W. Hughes, and had an interest in some of the mines on Yorke's Peninsula. The deceased gentleman took no part in political affairs, but as a man of business, a magistrate, and in social life was widely known and highly esteemed. His death will cause sincere regret to a large circle of friends. He leaves a widow, sons and daughters, and grand children. A correspondent sends us the following : — ' Imagine a party of Rechabites going openly to a suburban vineyard for the express pur pose of tasting wines. Such, however, was the fact a few days since. A party of friends connected with the Albert District LO.R. paid a visit by appointment to Mr. Robson's vineyard at the Glynde, the object being to sample a variety of white and red wines. Mr. E. H. Derrington, J.P., G. W. Cole, D.S., and C. H. Matters, P.D.C.R., were of the party, and after being shown over the grounds, the process of manufacture was ex plained and samples tasted. The wine com mended itself for sacramental purposes and the use of teetotalers, inasmuch as it was un fermented.' The Full Court sat on Monday, April 3, when the special case, referred from the In solvency Court, in the matter of the assigned estate of John James Swinden was argued. Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., with Mr. W. J. fielt, appeared for the assignees ; Mr. C. C. Kiag ston for Charles Swinden, and the Hon. J. W. Downer, Q.C. (Attorney-General), for Edwin Swinden. The opinion of the court was asked upon the followingpoint :— What estate or interest has the trustee under the deed of assignment of John James Swinden, in the parts of sections 1282, 460, and 461, Hundred of Gilbert, and has the trustee power to sell and dispose of an estate in fee simple or any othei-i and what estate therein.' Judgment was reserved. A meeting of the committee appointed at Gawler by the public meeting for the pur pose of raising funds to assist the distressed farmers in the purchase of seed wheat was ? held in the Gawler Institute on Friday after- : noon, March 31, Mr. G. Loveridge in the i chair. Messrs. James Martin, J.P., and H. ID. Bright, jun., were appointed a deputation to join the Adelaide deputation, and wait upon the Government to endeavour to pro cure their assistance. In the event of no deputation from Adelaide being appointed the resolution passed at the public meeting I at Gawler is to be forwarded to the Govera : ment. It was also arranged that Mcsirs. J. Martin, J.P., T. O. Jones, J.P., J. F. Martin, and U. Loveridge should canvass the town for | subscriptions. I Nominations of candidates to fill the vacancy .in the representation of Hindmxrsh Ward in the City Council caused by the resignation through ill-health of Mr. Coun cillor Brooks were received in the Town H&H; Exchange;room' an Friday, March 31, at noon. His Worship the Mayor {Mr. E. T. \- Smith, M.Pt)aeted as retiirnini'-oflicer. The * only nominations received wwe those of John ' LefrlaisweFr^cis^Roberts, of K*qg William- ' street, liUbUcAn^ and Jawe* Zimri titdlas, oi Hutt-street, storekeeper. There being more candidates than are. required for elections His Worship adjourned all further proceed* . ings until 'Tuesday, April 1JL when a poll' will be taken in. the Town-Hall Exchange room between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m Three cheers were given for' the Queen. The members of the South Australian Bicycle Club had a most enjoyoble run on Friday Mar. 3L The weather was fine, the air keen and bracing, and there was sufficient moonlight to allow of easy and comfortable riding. Fourteen members mustered at the General Post-Office at about 7.30, and a start was made shortly afterwards, the route to Glen Osmond being taken. The Vine Inn was reached after a run of about twenty-five minutes, and a halt was called for refreshments. After a stay of half; an hour the party returned to the club training track at Parkside, where the members under Captain Gault went through drill exercise in preparation for the Easter meet. The bicyclists returned to the city shortly before 10 o'clock having thoroughly enjoyed the ride. A petition, signed by thirty-three members of the South Australian Farmers' Mutual Association in the Hundred of Curramulka. was presented to the Commissioner of Crown Ta-da by the Hon. R. D. Ross on Monday. The petition stated that the road through suburban sections from Curramulka town ship to Port Julia, as far as the south-west corner.of section Si-, was so thickly timbered as to be impassable, and that the track hitherto used -winds through those sub urban sections which are now sold and being enclosed by the purchasers, rendering travel ling difficult and dangerous. The petition also stated that the traffic to and from Port Julia by the above-mentioned road was con siderable. The Commissioner replied that he would give tlie matter his careful considera tion. A petition signed by forty-nine residents in the Hundred of Kooly wurtie was presented, to the Commissoner of Crown Lands on Monday morning, April 3, by the Hon. R. D. Boss, MJt, and Mr. J. C. Tonkin, praying that he would cause a road to be surveyed and declared in the Hundred of Koolywnrtie, leading through the south side of section 36 and through section 35 to Pork Rickaby jetty. The petitioners pointed out that tius -was the principal port for the whole of Kpolywortie and a large portion of die adjoining hundreds, and at present could only be reached on the north side by going through private property. The petitioners, therefore, asked that he would make the road available as soon as possible. The commis sioner promised to give an answer in a daj or so. The annual meeting of the Gawler Albion* Football Club was held at the Gawler In stitute, on Tuesday fevening, |March 28, Mr. J. Fitzgerald being in the chair. There was a fair attendance, and ten new members were elected. The secretary's report showing -the clnb to be in a good position, with a balance in hand from last season, was read and received. For the positions of president and. Trice-presidents, several gentlemen were nominwed, Tot* it was resolved that thcic consent -should be dbt-aneidLbefore the name were given to the public* The following officers were elected for/ the forthcoming season:— Captain, Mr. J. Fitzgerald ; viee captain, Mr. D. J. Devure; ton. secretary; and treasurer, Mr. E. R. Harry.;, match ana general committee, Messrs. J. Baker, T, Freak, and E. Fitzgerald, with the captain, vice-captain, and secretary. A meeting of Irishmen was held at the Queen's Head Hotel, North Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, April 4, for the purpose of taking steps to celebrate, on April 17, the centenary of the repeal of the Statute of Drogbeda, passed in 1492, by which legislation in the Irish Parliament was res tricted to measures that had first been ap proved of by the English council. Mr. Gliddon occupied the chair, and there were about a dozen persons present, several of whom expressed the opinion that had more notice been given of the meeting there would have been a large attendance. Mr. J. Barrett was appointed secretary. It was considered advisable to proceed to business at once, and a committee was appointed, with power to add to their number, to make arrangements for holding a dinner to celebrate the cen tenary of the occasion referred to. An inquest was held on Friday, March 31, at Peaehey Belt, by Mr. J. Harvey, J.P., relative to the death of William Chivell, which occurred suddenly onthe previous day. From the evidence adduced it appeared that on Thursday, March 30, deceased was sud- denly taken ill. He complained of severe pain in his bowels, and said he thought he was dying. His wife, Mary Ann Chivell, attended him, and placed some hot salt on his stomach. He said he was very thirsty, and asked for a doctor. His relatives administered restora- tives in the form of powders, brandy, and castor oil. Dr. R. St. Mark Dawes stated that he arrived at the house of the deceased, shortly after his death, and enquired into the circumstances of his decease. In his opinion death had resulted from natural causes, which were probably of the nature of colic. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. As the schedule received from the Chief. -Secretary of all blind and deaf and dumb .persons in South Australia shows that there are a great many so afflicted, the chairman of the committee of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution (Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.) has sent out to the whole of the corporations and district councils in the colony a circular, of which the following is a copy:— 1. How many blind persons have you in your neighborhood? 2\. How many deaf and dnmb persons are in. your neighborhood? 3. Male or female, stating age? 4. What means have they of living? 5. Would- their friends contribute a portion towards their support if they were admitted into the institution? 6. There being now plenty of room in the institution, please use your influence to get any suitable persons to make application for admission. We have received a circular respecting a grand intercolonial juvenile industrial exhi bition which is intended to be held in the Garden Palace in Sydney at the close of the present year. The objects of the exhibition are— To stimulate the energies and display the abilities of the rising generation of the colonies ; to encourage a spirit of emulation by competition; to develop the inventive, constructive, and artistic faculties of all, and to gather new ideas from the works of others ; to create a taste for the fine arts and orna mental works, which will incite them to occupy their leisure hours in i-»fei-; home attractive with the results of their industry; and to assist the charitable institutions by distributing amongst them the proceeds of the exhibition. Parents, employer.., teachers, and the young of both sexes are invited to co operate in the scheme. A deputation from the Acclimatisation, and Zoological Society, consisting of His Honor the Chief Justice, Dr. Mayo, and MeBsrs. J. L. Stirling, M.P., A. Abrahams, G. Boothby, D. Murray, G. Hamilton, W. West-Erskuie, and the hon. secretary (Mr. Minchin), waited on the Chief Secretary on Wednesday, April 5, to ask that a site be granted for the purpose of forming a Zoo logical Garden. The Chiet Justice pointed out the delay and difficulties the society had to contend with in respect to the piece of land Bought to be obtained from the Botanic Garden Board, and on behalf of the society begged the favorable consideration of the Government. The Chief Secretary stated in reply that he was himself impressed with the suitableness of the site asked for, and ex pressed a hope that the board would on further application be disposed to yield to the wishes of the society. It seemed at one time as if our city coun cillors were going to have a serious quarrel with the Central Board of Health in re ference to the proposal of the latter body to erect a temporary smallpox hospital on the West Park Lands in the event of an out break of smallpox in the city, bat unpleasant consequences were averted by a conference and a small amount of correspondence, and the latest resolution arrived at by the health, committee and adopted by the City Council at their meeting on Monday is as follows :— ' Smallpox hospital — With reference to this matter the committee recommend that the Central Board of Health be informed that should any emergency arise the City Council will be willing to confer with them as to the site for a temporary erection, bat that a suh 'urban site should be purchased for the erec tion thereon of such a building in the event of an outbreak of smallpox occurring.' The monthly meeting of the executive committee of the Home for Incurables was held at the Church office on Thursday, March SO, when there were present — Dr. Gosse (in ? the chair), Mrs. Downes, Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. Hocter, Mrs. E. T. Smith, Colonel Downes, Rev. J. B. Roper, Dr. Gardner, Dr. Wylde, Dr. Way, and Mr. Macgeorge. A warrant for the month's expenses, amounting to £110 Is. lid., was passed for payment. Applica tions for admission were considered, and out of six applicants three were passed. This will leave four beds still vacant. ? Mrs. Makin and Dr. Stirling were nnanimously elected members of committee, and Mrs. Colton was appointed a member of the house committee. It was resolved that the annual meeting be held on Thursday, May 11, and the secretary was instructed to ask His ExceUency the Governor to preside on, that occasion. Writing with reference to the recent rains the Port Augusta paper s»ys -. — ' The drought has at length, broken upr— or partially so at least, J upiter has relented far & brief space, and has distributed a £e«r of his £&v;«rc to numerous districts. Soana have shared, well, - others fairly, »nd others indifferently. We 'Irani . tiaiv in . the - west country nice shav«ts iut\e faUeu, but the esteafc or quantity of the . ' rainfall we have not as yet heard. . On Tues day night, Mkrch 2S,* gentle showers com-, menced falling in bur town and district, but did not continue long. On Thursday morn ing we were again visited with rain, but not in sufficient quantities to replenish empty tanks.- We learn that between Melroseand Horrocks' Pass ten hours of steady rain fell. Farmers in some districts are not overanxious for rain, just yet, as it will retard ploughing operations, whilst in others scarcity of water for domestic and stock purposes is besoming a very serious matter.' On Monday morning, April 3, the Hon. K, D. Ross, M.P., and Mr. J. C. Tonkin waited upon the -Commissioner of Crown Lands and presented a petition signed hy fifty-one farmers in the hundreds of Kooly mutie. Wauraltee, Kilkerran, Curramulka, Mount* Hat, and Minlaton, praying that the strip of land commencing at the north-west corner of section 35, in the Hundred of Kooly wurtie, and thence proceeding westerly to the sea coast, forming the northern boundary, and the piece of land commencing at the south- west corner of section 30, forming the southern boundary, should be declared a timber reserve. The petitioners stated the reason they asked for a reserve was that owing, to so much of the district being1 sur veyed, and taken up under scrub leases timber for fencing and other purposes had become exceedingly scarce. The Commissioner in reply .promised to give the matter due consi deration. 'We have received a copy of the official record of the Melbourne Exhibition of 1880 SI, published by the authority of the Com missioners. The work consists of an intro ductory article on exhibitions generally, a sketch of the inception and consummation of the Melbourne Exhibition in particular, a description of the exhibits, the official awards, and a catalogue of the exhibits. It is also embellished with several very fair engravings, giving an external view of the exhibition buildings, with plans of the Garlton Gardens showing the allotment of space, an in terior view of the British Court, and several representations of certificates, prizes, articles exhibited, &c.; The way in which the report has been got up reflects great credit on Messrs. Mason, Firth, & M7Cuteheon, of Mel bourne, who were entrusted with this duty, and it is a good sample of the class of work that can be turned out by colonial publishing houses. On Tuesday afternoon, April 4, the Mayor Of Gawler (Mr. H. Dean), accompanied by Ms councillors, met the president of the Gawler Agricultural and Horticultural Society (Mr. G. Warren, J.P.), several members of the society and of the cricket and football clubs, including Captain Phunmer, on the recreation ground, on the park hinds, for the purpose of deciding on a site for the exhibition building. After inspecting the various suitable posi tions it was at last resolved, on the proposi tion of Councillor Wilkinson, seconded by Councillor Fowler, that the best site was at the North- west corner, in the vicinity of the Para, the front of the building to be 20 feet within the inner ring of the carriage-drive. It is intended that the proposed building shall be 100 feet in length by S3 feet in depth, with the roof built for a grand stand. The corporation intend to call for tenders at once, so that the building may be completed in time for the agricultural society to hold a show about September. The anniversary services of the Primitive ' Methodist Church Snnday-sehool, Morphett street, were commenced on Sunday, April 2, when sermons were preached by Mr. Birks of Port Adelaide, the Rev. J. G. Wright, and the Rev. J. Goodwin, there being good con gregations at each service. Tea and public meetings were held on Monday, Mr. W. J. Coombs presiding at the business meeting. Addresses were given by the Revs. J. G. Wright, W. Diment, and Mi-. W. W. Win wood. The school report was read by the secretary, Mr. T. Maddern. It showed that the number of teachers was 14, and scholars 130\. the average attendance being teachers 10, and scholars 90. The balance-sheet showed a credit balance of £7 3s. Id. It was stated that there were 250 books in the library. Regret was expressed in the report at the decrease in numbers of pupils, which was attributed to the many attractions on Sun days tending to draw away children, espe cially boys of from ten to fifteen years of age, and to the difficulty of obtaining teachers who would work with punctuality arid energy. The anniversary of the 'New Glenelg Primi tive Methodist Sunday-school was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, April 2 and 3. The services throughout were largely attended, many persons being unable to obtain seats at the public meeting on Monday. The Sunday services were conducted by the Revs. J. Goodwin and J. James. Mr. J. Peters pre sided at the public meeting on Monday even ing, and gave an excellent address. Messrs. Harding and Goodwin also spoke on the special work of the Sunday-schooL The report of the school for the past year was of a very encouraging character, there having been an increase of teachers, scholars, and finances, and several belonging to the school having joined the church. A special feature of the Monday evening meeting was the ex cellent recitations given by a number of the scholars, together with a choice selection of hyn-ns sung by the children and choir under the leadership of Mr. J. Bolton. Mr. J. Sears presided at the harmonium. The col lections and subscriptions amounted to about £1G. The death is announced of Mi-. G. H. Paqualin, who has for some years been well known as a shipping agent at Port Adelaide. He never took any part in public affairs, but he was always mueii esteemed by those who were brought into contact with him, and will be deeply regretted in the Port and its neigh borhood. The f uneral of the deceased gentle man took place on Saturday, April 1, at the Wcodville Cemetery. In addition to the de ceased's relatives most of the leading resi dents of Port Adelaide and its suburbs attended the ceremony, fifteen carriages besides several private conveyances following . the hearse. Amongst others present we noticed Captains Quin, Osborne, J. W. Smith, and R. Magraith, Messrs. W. H. CammeU, W. H. F. Baily, J. Conlon, and E. P. Clarke, of H.M. Customs, and Messrs. J. Aldridge, F. R. Ringwood, J. L. and W. Simpson, A. P. Hall, J.P., BL C. E. Muecke, J.P., W. T. Cleland, A. P. Levi, J. Michel more, Drs. Gething and Toll, Messrs. B. H. Laker, Edward Forniby, J. Formby, A. Quin, T. A. Brock, W. Beattie, J. C. Haddy, J. Carter, H. Barnes, and W. Gibb. Respecting the recent visit of the Com missioner of Public Works to Mount Gambier, the SoiUh-Eosfern St-ar says : — 'The Hon. J. G. Ramsay arrived in Mount Gambier on Wednesday, March 23, from Narracoorte. Mi-. Ramsay's .visit is not an official one, and he is merely taking a tour through the South-East for the benefit of his health. On Thursday afternoon, how ever, he visited the railway station with a view of seeing what improvements could be made to facilitate the loading of potatges from the waggons. An extra shunt line, as suggested, -was not considered neces sary, and it was thought that if the roadway was widened so as to allow loading into the trucks the full length of the line from the station to the MacDonneil Bay road end, that there would be every facility Decessary. Mr. Ramsay having been given to understand that if the reservoir for the Mount Gambier waterworks was constructed in the position intended it would not give a supply to the hospital, visited the works, but on inspection found his information to have been incorrect He then drove round the Blue Lake and afterwards drove out to Moorak to spend the evening with. Mr. Williams.' As the deep drains are being constructed in the various streets of the city, the owners of property are availing themselves of the opportunity of having the drainage from their premises carried into the sewers, and the following clause in the public works com mittee's report which was adopted at the meeting o£ the City Council on Monday, will give some idea of what progress is being made : — 'The Commissioner of Crown Lands wrote, in reply to a communication from your committee, requesting that all owners of property should be compelled where prac ticable to connect the drainage, of their premises forthwith with the main sewer stating that applications were being received at the rate of six or seven per diem, which were as many as could be conveniently at tended to, but if there were any back streets or courts near the sewers which were in a bad sanitary condition the compulsory powers given by the Act would be enforcedif the corporation would indicate the localities The committee instructed the town clerk to request that the owners of property in Gawler-place, Gilbert-place, Kuox-street, and Thomas-street be called upon to connect the drainage of their premises with the main drain.' At the fortnightly meeting of the Gleuelg Corporation held on Friday, March 31, a pass M;e at arms occurred bejbween Councillor air, who occupied the chair, and Councillor Nicholson, in consequence of the latter gentleman, desiring to propose a motion before the correspondence and reports had been read, a proceeding which the chairman ruled would be out of order. Councillor Nicholson said it was the custom of the council to allow motions to be made on reports as they were read, but Councillor Mair con tended that all correspondence and reports should be read before being dealt with by motion. Councillor Nicholson thereupon submitted to the council the propriety of allowing his motion to be made. The chair man pouited out that he occupied the chair, whereupon Councillor Nicholson replied — *' Yes ; and the positionhas apparently turned your head/' a remark -which Councillor Mair condemned as being nndeservedjand he called upon the councillor to withdraw . the expres sion. ?- This Councillor Hicholson at firstre \- ^ft.ggd *rxio. tot ^n th-» *3'»™»an threatening to leave the chair unless the expression were withdrawn, 'Councillor Nicholson withdrew it, and the chairman's ruling was ultimately agreed to. - Several persons nearly lost their pa«aje to Melbourne by the In-?us, as she arrived at GJeneigabout 6 o'clock on Sunday morning from King George's Souud, 'somewhat sooner than she was expected. The conse quence was that intending passengers who had not taken the precaution to stay at Glenelg overnight were rather pressed for time in the morning when the steamer's arrival was announced, and they had to reach the Bay by the best means they could obtain. As Adelaide is uot one of the* best regulated cities in the matter pf early vehicle accommodation, especially on Sunday, the awkward situation of some dilatory individuals may be imagined. Oae gentleman drove down at the last moment, and by means of a special boat just caught the steamer as she was about to start. Another, whose habits in life have not led him in the direction of pedestrianism, felt constrained to run nearly all the way from ' North Adelaide to catch the Glenelg train, and be won the race by a nose, so to speak. It is said that two or three passengers have been left behind. Lieutenant - Colonel Matheivs and Lieutenant Dyke are passen gers by the Indus' to visit the Easter camp of the volunteers in Victoria. The voyage of the Indus from Galle was' on the whole pleasant, and fi-om the Sound fine weather prevailed. She sailed for Melbourne at 9.45. It may be remembered that some time ago Bishop Moorhouse created a stir in religious' circles by a proposal to invite the Revs. Canon Knox-Iittle, and Geo. Body, two clergymen distinguished for holding missions in Eng land, to carry out a sort of revival in Mel bourne. Itwasthoughtthatthemovementhad fallen through, but it seems it has not, for the latest issue of the Victorian Church, of Eng land Messenger has the following:— 'The bishop has heard from Canon Knox-Little, under the date 30th December, 188L. Canon Knox-Little can remain in Melbourne for about a month and a half, and must leave about the 26th of July. Owing to a miscalculation of the missioners, it is impossible to fix the precise date of their arrival, but they may be looked for about the middle of June, Mr. Body can remain for six weeks after Canon Knox-Little's depar ture. Both the missioners express their willingness to crowd as much work into their sojourn here as time and strength will per mit. Canon Knox-Little's letter ends as follows : — ' It is a great privilege and delight to be allowed in any way to be of use to the cause your lordship has at heart. I am sure we may reckon on your loving prayers for us, that God may enable us to assist, however humbly, in comforting the broken-hearted, calling sinners to repentance, and advancing the kingdom of our dear Lord.9 ' The much discussed question as to what should be done in the matter of erecting baths in the city was again considered at the council meeting on Monday, and it was decided to do something to meet the wants of the community in this direction. Alderman Hagedorn moved — ' That in conformity with the resolution of the council passed on March 20 hist affirming the _ desirability of the erec tion of three baths in the city, this council do' now order and direct that tenders be invited for pulling down the old portion of the City Baths on the ifing William-road, and' for the erection of one of such three baths on that site in accordance with such plans and designs as may be approved of by the council,' and the motioa received the support of six other members of the council, but for reasons repeatedly advanced the majority of the members present were opposed to the proposal to spend money on the pre sent baths, and the motion was lost. Alder man Madge moved—' That the sum of £3,000 be appropriated for the erection of bathing accommodation for the southern part of the city, and that such building be erected south of the General Post-Office, and added 'and that the sum of £3,000 be appropriated for the erection of a suitable bath at North Ade laide.' The motion was discussed at some length, and was ultimately carried in its original form. A correspondent writes as follows : — ' The new racecourse at Clare was formally opened on Sunday morning, April 2, when a match for £10 a side was run between Broughton and Mack. The latter won. The local paper stated that a number of persons were present, that some money changed hands, and that hats were won and lost over the affair ; but did not call the attention of the public to the fact that the match was run on Sunday or make any adverse comment thereon. Both the horses and riders belong to the town, meet on the course daily, and there seems no excuse whatever for the affair. It was not even a spurt got up on the impulse of the mo ment, but was prearranged, and several gentlemen were asked to take part in witnessing the race, one at least of whom spoke as to its impropriety. Horse racing, even if it reach the end it aims at — the improvement of the animal —carries in its train sufficient debasing and de moralising influences already, without ex tending its operation to Sunday; and I do not think the movement initiated by the two young men referred to and those who assisted thtni can be too strongly deprecated. The point of the matter is that the ' gentleman' rider, in the absence of the clergyman, read morning service at the Church of England afterwards. It is to be hoped for the sake of consistency that he will either give up Sunday racing or lay reading.' An interesting gathering .took place in the saloon of the Spencers Gulf Steamship Com pany's steamer Flinders, on Friday afternoon, Mai-ch 31, when the captain, officers, and crew of that vessel assembled to bid farewell and make a presentation to the chief engineer, Mr. A. WbitehilL who, after nearly thirteen years* service in the company, is leaving to start with others an engineering business in Adelaide. The address, which was read by Captain C. Anderson, was as follows : — 'To Mr. Adam WhitehilL— Dear Sir— We, the captain, officers, and crew of the steamship Flinders, beg of you to accept this small testi monial as a token of our esteem and as a souvenir of your time spent amongst us. We need not say that it is with feelings of regret that we lose you from amongst us, but as you are about to enter into business on youv own account, we wish you every success in your new undertaking.' Wishing health and happiness to yourself, wife, and family, we remain, &c;, the captain, officers, and crew s.s. Flinders.' Mr. Whitehill responded briefly, saying that it was with regret ne took his departure from their midst, and he should never cease to think of the very many happy times spent amongst them. The presentation consisted of a handsome swinging hot-water uvn, having engraved upon it, ' Presented to A. WhitehilL bv captain, officers, and crew s-s. Flinders, March 3L 1SS2.' A meeting of the council of the Zoological and Acclimatization Society was held at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C., on Friday, March 31. There were present His Honor the Ghief Justice, president ; .Dr. Mayo, and Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., vice presidents ; the Hen. R. D. Ross, M.P., Messrs. W. J. Magarey, F. J. Sanderson, A. Abrahams. George Hamilton, George Boothby, W. West-Erskine, and the lion, secretary, Mr. Minchin. An apology for non-attendance was received from Mr. Samuel Davenport. The president reported to the council that the sub- committee had had an interview that day with the governors of the Botanic Gardens, who declined to allow the Zoological Society any portion of the Botanic resei-ve. It was decided to appoint a deputation to wait on the Chief Secretary, and request that a site for a zoological garden be fixed upon by the Govern ment, the deputation to consist of His Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., Dr. Mayo, and Messrs. Boothby, Hamilton, Murray, Magarey, and the hon. secretary. A letter was received from Mr. G. W. Hibbert, of near Paradise, asking the council to be allowed to purchase a few of the American bronze-winged turkeys, lately intro duced by Dr. Mayo for the society. Mr. Hibbert to be informed that at present the council is unable to comply with his request. The secretary was instructed to send one hundred pounds to London for a further supply of American turkeys. An entertainment was given by members aud friends of St. Andrew's Young. Men's Mutual Improvement Association in St. Andrew's Hall, Wakefield-street, on Friday evening, March 31. There was a good atten dance, the Rev. E. Rorke occupying the chair. The principal feature of the enter tainment was a short lecture by Mr. A. W. Dobbieon 'The Phonograph.' The lecturer in a clear popular style, gave an explanation of the laws of sound, so far as concerns their axjplication to the instrument invented by Mr. Edison, of the uses of which practical illustrations were presented. Mr. Dobbie's phonograph is an excellent instrument of its kind, and is constructed with such care and finish in every part that it gives much better results than can possibly be attained by machines of inferior workmanship. The capa bilities which popular imagination ascribe to the phonograph have of course never been realised in practice, however pos sible they may be in theory, but Mr. Dobbie's instrument really reproduces the original vibrations of the diaphragm with sufficient accuracy to make the repetition of the words spoken by the operator fairly intelligible to the audience. The lecture was much enjoyed, and Mr. Dobbie received a well-deserved vote of thanks for the amusement and instruction he had given. Several musical selections and recitations, capitally rendered by members and friends of the society, helped to make up a good even' ing's entertainment. The following appointments hare been approved by the Acting- Minister of Educa tion :— Mary Potter, head teacher, Wirra bara ; William H. Cherry, second assistant teacher, Central Model School; May; Her bert, second assistant teacher, Lefevros Peninsula; Jane E. Todd, assistant teacher, Advanced School ; Bertha Belcher, provi sional teacher, Cherry Gardens ; Charlotte E. Neil, provisional teacher, Booieruo Weat ;? Francis Tuheny. provisional teacher, Wan dcai-ah Wcst;M. J. D. Crouia, provisional teacher, Napperby : Gerald Fitzgerald, pro visional teacher, fcurelia ; Harriet Mullard, provisional teacher. Pinery; Amelia R. H. G6rs, pupil teacher, Unley ; John J, Em bury, pupil teacher, Port MacDonneil ; Edith Bertram, sewing-mistress, Stanley Flat ; Vic toria A._ Gill, sewing-mistress, J*ortlaud Estate; Minerva Grose, sewing-mistress, Port iVakefield ; Sarah E. Middletpn, monitor, Kangarilla ; Jane Harrison, monitor, Ma uoora ; Bridget Mosiaghan, monitor, Mannum; Anne Galle, monitor, Square Mile ; Jessie Harris, monitor, Glcnburnie ; .Rafael M. Parncll, provisional teacher. Angas PI ulna ; William M. Davies, provisional teacher. Clover Hill; Lucy J. Clarke, provisional teacher, Hill River. The folio-wing resigna tions have .been accepted : — Oscar Wachtel, provisional teacher, Little Swamp -. Charles P. Lakenian, provisional teacher, Hawker ; Clara J. Harry, provisional teacher, Chap manton ; Ciiristopher J. Askwell, provisional teacher, Port Vincent^ Thomas C. Kildea, pupil teacher. East Adelaide Model School. ? Sad news of Mdlle. Sara Bemhardt comes from Genoa. A correspondent of the Paris Figaro writes : — ' A very large and 'aristo* cratic audience assembled at the Carlo Felice to witness the performance of the ' Dame aux Camelias.' The theatre had been closed for a year and felt cold and damn. The shivering audience gave the fair artiste a chilly re ception, but no sooner did she begin to speak than their enthusiasm awoke. During the love scene between Marguerite and Armand, in the first act, suddenly Sara fell stiff upon the ground ; she was taken to her dressing room, and soon recovered herself. It was generally thought that the incident was more a caprice of the artiste than a real indisposition. Again Mdlle. Bemhardt came on the stage, and played as far as the scene where she renounces her love for Armand at the urgent entreaty of his father. She then turned ghastly pale, staggered forward a few steps, and fell, whilst a stream of blood came from her lips and fell on her white satin dress. It was a terribly real representation of the unfortunate Marguerite. The con sternation of the spectators may well be imagined. The curtain was dropped. Every body feared that la belle Sara had made her last appearance on the stage under emineatiy tragic circumstances. Several doctors were soon on the spot. The sufferer was carried on a mattress to the Hotel de Genes, which, fortunately, was opposite the theatre. Her illness was pronounced to be a serious case of hemoptysie. Great sympathy is felt for the critical state of the gifted artiste.' A narrow escape from a serious accident occurred at Port Adelaide on Wednesday afternoon, April 5. A casting for a gasometer, weighing about 3 tons 4 cwt., was being landed from the barque Valdivia. When about 8 feet above the combings of the main batch the purchase chain broke and the cast ing fell on the port combing and descended to the bottom of the hold where it landed on a quantity of wood which fortunately saved it from breaking. A chain of the same size' was then obtained, the same purchase was rove, and the casting was landed without further trouble. A number of stevedores were working in the hold at the time and had a providential escape, for had any of them been engaged underneath, as they fre quently are, nothing could have saved them. One, however, who was hold ing on at the tune of the acci dent to the yardarm tackle, along with a number of others, did not let go the tackle in time and was lifted right above the rail and precipitated into the water, his head striking the wharf in the course of his descent. One of the sailors immediately dived over board and pulled him out, when it was found that his head was cut and his nose was bleeding-. Medical assistance was at once obtained, but it is not thought that his injuries are serious. The accident was owing to a defective link in the chain which, how ever, does not belong to the vessel. The casting in descending struck the port combing of the main hatch a slanting blow and broke about 6 feet of the angle iron, starting the after butt. The Maternity Relief Association has- now completed the fifth year of its labors, and during that time has relieved nearly one hundred cases, many of them of great destitu tion, whose discomforts .the society has been able greatly to mitigate by its timely aid. In the past year the association has received the sum of £51 17s. 6d. and expended £52, so that its income has practically met its ex penditure. During the -past ten months the ' society has been temporarily deprived of the services of its indefatigable honorary secre tary, Mrs. G. S. Fowler, through absence in England. The committee desire to thank those who have supported them by subscrip tions, and the doctors who have assisted by almost gratuitous advice, especially Dr. Robertson, who has also delivered two courses of lectures in the interests of the society. It has been represented that if a cottage hospital could be erected in a central spot some neces sitous cases might be moved, there, and so get that rest, quiet, and attention which is prac tically impossible in their small ill-ventilated and crowded houses. Persons wishing to qualify themselves as monthly nurses and midwives might there receive practical in struction under a medical man before entering on their 'public professional duties. And such an institution might meet the need of many persons resident in the country re quiring comfortable accommodation at such a time, and which they now find it so diffi cult to obtain. If any friends feel that they would like to assist in such a desirable under taking contributions will be gladly received by any member of the committee, or by Mrs. J. Colton, hon. treasurer, or Mrs. F. Chappie, hon. secretary. The Chief Justice, in his capacity of com missioner of insolvency, has of late had many cases brought before him in which the insolvents have been farmers, but it is rarely that one of so painful a nature has to be chronicled as that which occupied the attention of the court on Tuesday afternoon. The insolvency of a farmer named Win stanley, who took up a selection at Elliston with such result as to find himself forced .to seek- the protection of the court, was being investigated after luncheon, when it was noticed that Win stanley, who is an old man, appeared far from welL Mr. Pater, who was waiting for the hearing of a case in which his services had been retained, was the first to notice these symptoms of illness, and he immediately rose and acquainted the court with the fact, giving it as his opinion that the man was faint from want of nourishment. This proved to be the case, as it transpired that the poor old fellow had had nothing to eat all day, his relatives, with whom he had been staying, being almost as badly off as himself, and being only able to give him the price of his coach fare to the city. This news caused something like a shock to the members of the bar, and with praiseworthy alacrity the legal gentlemen present put their hands into their pockets to give the man assistance. This was not, how ever, needed, as an arrangement was made by the insolvent's solicitor by means of which he could obtain the 'good feed' Mr. Pater sug gested he stood in want of, and it may be pre sumed that the unfortunate fellow left the court with a somewhat lighter heart than he had when he entered its precincts. In this land, which we fondly imagine to be a place where plenty prevails, we find it hard to believe that our fellow men can suffer the pangs of hunger, aud this episode was cer tainly a revelation to those whose business takes them to the Insolvency Court.' On Monday evening, April 3, a letter was received by the Semaphore District Council from Messrs. Dempster, Webb, & Dempster in reference to the Semaphore being formed into a corporation. The letter read as follows :— ' We are directed to advise the council of our instructions to prepare a petition to His Excellency the Governor under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1S30, to create a new corporation, to be called * The Corporation of the Semaphore.' The new municipality is to include portions of the present districts of Lefevre's Peniusula and Glanville. and to be divided into six wards; each ward to have its two councillors. It is proposed to name the wards South Beach Ward, Kbrth Beac Ward, Largs Bay Ward, Peterhead Ward Bath Ward, and Freshwater Ward. Mr. J. C. Lovely, J.P., is suggested as the first mayor, and the following are named as coun cillors for the respective wards: — South Beach, Messrs. Legoe and Ashwin ; North Beach, Messrs. Oldham and D. Reid ; Largs Bay, Messrs. W. Russell and H. P. Wilson; Peterhead ? ; Bath, Messrs, Woolnough and H. W. Harris; Freshwater, Messrs. Brunell and Mead. The auditors proposed are Messrs. Neill and J. R. Legoe. The plans showing the boundaries of corporation and wards respectively will be laid before the council, and we trust the intention of the petitioners will commend itself to the council, and ensure its support.' Some discussion took place with regard to the proposal, and Cr. Woolnough considered that it would be requisite to summon a meet ing of the ratepayers on the subject. Mr. J. C. Lovely, the chairman, said that there was no need to do that, because in the event of disapproval counter memorials could be forwarded to His Excellency. Nothing, however, was done, though the council seemed to consider the matter in a favor able light. A meeting of the committee appointed to make arrangements for collecting subscrip tions for.the supply of seed wheat to distressed farmera'was held in the City Council chamber on Saturday morning, April L There were J , present His Worship the. Mayor {Mr. B. T. Smith, M.P.). Mr. T. Caterer, J.P. (Mayor of Kensington and Norwood), Aldermen Hagedorn, Balk, and Madge, Messrs. F. E. H. W. Krichauffi. M. P., A» Tennant. M.P., W. B. Wilkinson, J.P., A. Abrahams, J.P. , Councillor Crreeii, and Air. T. Wovscop (secretary I. Apologies were received from Councillors Kit her and Boelnn, Messrs. J. H. Howe, M.P., and W. J. Venning. . Messrs. How c aad Venniag were attending a | meeting at Gladstone, and intended to inform !? the committee as far as they could what the 1 necessities of the farmers were. His worship said the manifesto drawn up by the subcom mittee appointed had been published, and that satisfactory progress had been made since the hist meetins. He had seen the Mayor of Port Adelaide, who was desirous of doing all he could to assist the movement. He proposed that a public meeting should be called at the Port, and to endeavor to secure the assistance of the surrounding district councils. He thought this was a very go&d; proposal and should be approved by the com mittee; Mr. Abrahams reported that the treasurer, had forwarded a cheque for £1,030 to Gladstone to be operated on by the Farmers' Association, and that the totalamount recaived up to Friday night was £1,259 14s. His wor ship stated that Councillor Buik and him self had been very successful in their dis trict, having collected £809, which included £50 from Harris, Scarfe, & Co., £25 from H. L. Vosz, £25 from J. Stilling & Co., and £21 from Simpson & Sons. Mr. Caterer stated his intention of taking steps in Ken sington and Norwood towards the relief of the distressed farmers. Durin' the meeting amounts were received by the caivasaers which swelled the total to £1,500. On Wednesday, March 29, a farewell tea meeting was given at Gawler to the Rev. R. W. Campbell, Wesleyan minister, and was very largely attended. After the tea a meet ing was held, presided over by Mr. Dawkins, the senior circuit steward. A letter was read from Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P., regretting the illness which prevented him attending, and also that Mr. Campbell's term of office bad come to a close. Short addresses were then delivered by Messrs. Bray, junior circuit steward, Kelly, of Onetree Hill, C. Annells, secretary, F.' Fowler, Forgie, Jas. Jones, S. Dawkins, J.P., Pederick Coles, Limb, Bache lor, Congreve, and Lock, who all spoke in high terms of the rev. gentlemojr -as a man, a preacher, a pastor, and a friend, and re gretted exceedingly that the exigencies of the Methodist itinerancy compelled him to leave, though at the same time admitting the wisdom of that system. An address to the same effect, and handsomely printed on white satin, was then presented by the . chairman to Mi-. Campbell, accompanied by a few feeling remarks. The Rev. Mr. Campbell replied at length, speaking of the advantages attending the Methodist Church, and attributing anything he had gained in force of character or mental calibre in a great measure to its influences. He then graphically described his conversion, bis early duties as a local preacher, his struggles against the temptation to throw up that duty, his triumph and the successful results attending. He said that the three years he had been in their midst had been a time of peace, and that he had found in the -Gawler Church many willing hearts and hands to assist in the work, and it only remained for him to wish, in the words of the text from which he had preached to them on the hist Sabbath, 'May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost bo with you all, Amen.' During the evening the choir, assisted by the congregation, sang several appropriate hymns. A public meeting was held at Cummins's Pekina Hotel, Pekuia, on March 25, to con sider the desirability of memorialising the Government, and if necessary Parliament, with respect to the pressing wants of the dis trict. Mr. P. Dooly presided. Mr. M. Duffy, storekeeper, proposed — 'That a memo rial be prepared and forwarded to the Go vernment, requesting them to do all things necessary to provide a supply of fresh water for the inhabitants of the district.' He pointed out forcibly the large sums of money which went into the treasury from this dis trict,_ that the Government had done literally nothing for it, and that other more favored districts with not a tithe of the necessity were continually haying large sums of money ex pended for their convenience and benefit. The motion was carried. On the proposition of Mr. M, Cummins, seconded by Mr. John Daly, it was agreed that a memorial be pre pared in terms of Mr. Duffy's proposition, praying the Government to take such action as may best facilitate the construction of, and provide for the works referred to and so very pressingly required. Sevei-al influential far mers expressed themselves very strongly on the apathy and neglect of the Government, who, it was thought, could not be wholly ignorant of the condition of that portion of the district. However, they ultimately de cided to await the result o£ their present efforts. Mr. M. Cummins argued that no district in the colony more urgently required attention than that, as it was absolutely dangerous for a man to drive on the roads ; and to take their families of women and children could not be dreamt of. The dis trict carried on the face of it the strongest evidence of neglect on the part of the Go vernment or the parties whom they had vested with authority to look -after such matters. Mr. Tierney spoke on the neces sity for attention to the roads and referred pathetically to an accident which recently occurred, the circumstances of which he was well acquainted with. It was ultimately agreed that the condition, of the roads be also pointed out to the authorities. Apublican from this colony has_ diedat Warr nambool under very peculiar circumstauces. On Saturday Acting-commissioner Peters wald received a telegram from Police- sergeant Hamilton, of that town, to the following effect : — ' A man, described as under, came on board the Skyro, at Port Adelaide, ou 29th ult., sufferingfrosndelirium treinens.and died while off this port last night. Irish ; aged 45 ; 5 feet S inches ; complexion dark ; curly 'hair; brown beard and moustache; thin whiskers ; blind of left eye ; large scar on left temple ; seemed to be afraid of the police, and mentioned Detective Connor.' Foot- constable O'Connor, stationed at Hind marsh, having read this telegran, stated that the person therein described was identical with Dvryer, landlord of the Hope Inn, Hindmarsh, who left his home op. the 23th March, was seen at Port Adelaide on the same evening, and had not since been heard of. He was summoned to appear at the Ade laide Police Court on the 29th ult., for a breach of the Licensed Victuallers Act. He left his house stating his intention to go to Adelaide to engage a solicitor to appear for him in the case, but never returned. A second telegram from Police-sergeant Hamilton, of Warmanibool, states that an account had been found on the body of deceased, from Messrs. Rounsevell & Co., of Adelaide, addressed to Mr. Dwyer, for five gallons of whisky. On enquiry of that firm it was ascertained that such an account had been rendered to Dwyer, so that there is no doubt as to the identity of the unfortunate man. This case shows how mysterious dis appearances may sometimes occur without the agency of the assassin. It is easy to imagine how, on a longer voyage, without any docu ment by which the body could be identified, the corpse might have been thrown overboard, and it would never have been ascertained what bad become of the publican who had. absented himself from home in such an un accountable manner. It must be remembered too, that many men die suddenly, or are found dead, whose names even are unknown in the country or in the localities where they breathed their hist, and doubtless some of these poor fellows have strange histories, and mystery was attached to their disappearance from their homes. We have to record the death of Mr. H. Hi Thomas, of Port Adelaide, which occurred at his residence at noon on Friday, March 31. Mr. Thomas had occupied the position of manager of the Port branch of the Union Bank for ten or twelve years, during which time he has enjoyed the esteem and respect of nearly every business man in Port Adelaide. He did not come to the front in political matters, but he never failed to assist, both pecuniai-ily and otherwise, any local institu tion or charity that required help. His death will be chiefly felt by the Port Institute, as he was for years an active member of the committee. 'The funeral of the deceised gentleman took place on Sunday afternoon, April 2, ^when his remains were interred in the North-road .Cemetery. A large number of friends paid the last tribute of respect to the memory of the deceased gentleman. The cor tege started from the Union Bank, Port Adelaide, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, ' The first coach contained, besides the chief mourners (Mrs. and Miss Thomas). Mrs. Gething, and Mrs. Ferguson. Then followed a coach with Dr. Gething and Messrs. Blair and Hodge, clerks in the bank of which deceased was the manager. Naxt came the following members of the Port Institute committee in vehicles : — Messrs. H. W. Thompson, J.P., president ; J. Formby. hon. treas. ; B. H. Laker, hon. sec. ; Messrs. W. Beattie, C. J. Stevens, R. Kestel, E. H. Derrington, J.P., J. Cleave, com mittee ; the librarian and assistant -librarian. Among the other gentlemen present were Mr. Crawford, manager of the Adelaide branch, with other officers of the Union Bank ; Mr. W. Neill, manager of the National Btnk, Port Adelaide; Mr. W. H. Ross, manager of the Bank of South Austra lia, Port Adelaide; Messrs. G. A. Connor and Tothill, of the Bank of Adelaide; Mr. Anderson, manager of the Commercial Bank, Port Adelaide; Captain R. H. Ferguson, S.M., Captain Bickers, J.P.t Captain R. W. Osborne, Cap tain H. Quin, Messrs. H. C E. Muecke, J.P., R. W. O. Kestel, R. Honey, S. Malin, &. Bridgman, J. B. Blair, H. Burge, B. Edwards, A, Kaye, W. B. Webb, E. Formby, J. T. Church, J. Crank, Sillifant, W. H. F. Btyly. Z. H. Jones, V. Y. Jones', J. W ' Oaire, Gea. Morris, W. Marston, W. Gilib, T. Eve, F. Hustler, J. Bailey, J. H. Kainay, W. L. Uickson, F. Hayne3, II. Wemau, «id T. Waaio. The funeral service was ciM-iucte-'i i by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, an I ' Messrs J. C. & G. E. Haidy vrere the , undeitakcrs. A meetingto consider the question of the publicans raising the price of colonial beer in the eastern suburbs was held at the Kentish Arms, Kent Town, on Friday evening, March 31\. There were about twenty persons present, and Mr. C. Falbusch occupied the chair. The chairman, in opening the proceedings, said he did not see the reason why the publicans should charge 4d. a pint for beer drank o.it side the hotel as well as inside. If one forever could sell beer £1 a hogshead cheaper thau the other brewers, whv should cue pri^e net be roduced. He thought. they would all suffer by the increase. He hid heard that there was a bond between the publicans that the first who broke the rule should be liable to a fine of £25. He w «uld suggest that they form a committee and bind themselves the same, and be liable to a fine of £25 if they broke an arrangement in the opposite direction. Mr. J. Baker wanted to know the reason of the publicans' action, aud considered that the brewers should reduce the price of beer £1 a hogshead. He depre cated the brewers' monopoly, and said in his opinion the working men were being robbed. Mr. Couche had SDent hundreds of pounds in that house (Kentish Arms), though he did not do it now, and he, too, wished to know the reason for raising the price of beer — 4d. in and 4d. out of the house. Mr. F. G. Hales suggested that they should write to the press who, he believed, would vindicate their cause. If a gentleman would goto the editors of the papers and lay the matter before them he thought they would take it up. He had heard complaints from the publicans, who said that in selling beer they were merely drawing for the brewers. Mr. Hales also denounced the brewers' monopoly. (A voice — 'They make 255 per cent.') At home a person could get a quart of good stout for 3d. which had more nutriment in it than a hogs head of colonial beer. Mr. W. Thomas (who appeared to be very excited) — 'You are talking like a ? fooL' The chairman — 'I will not have Mr. Hales interrupted.' Mr. Thomas — ' Certainly not ! certainly not!' Mr. Slow said he had been a beer drinker, and had drunk nothing else. (Laughter.) He thought that the working men would kick against the rise, and sug gested that they might have charged 3id. a pint or 7d. a quart, and not made 'such strides as 4d. and 8a. He would move — ' That this meeting strongly objects to the principle of the landlords trying to put this exorbitant price on the beer. Mr. J. Baker seconded. Mr. Hales, in supporting the motion, again suggested that some one should write to the press, as those connected with it knew who drank the beer. The motion was then put and carried unanimously, and the meeting broke up. Reporting on the English copper market the London Mining Journal of February IS says : — ' The market this week has again as sumed a drooping tendency, and business has to be recorded at reduced rates, although it is somewhat difficult to discover the actual cause of the retrogressive movements which have been made. It may perhaps be attributed to the fact that just lately bona fide business has not been quite so brisk as could be de sired, and in consequence speculators have no* been so willing to continue to effect pur chases. The small deliveries, as seen by statistics, seem to be the weakest point of the market. Nevertheless, with the reduced prices ruling there is reason to hope that the deliveries will soon increase, and be further augmented by the quietude which has lately existed in the regular demand ; at all events it is worthy of note that already the cheaper value of this metal has already, to some ex tent, stimulated buying, and if further conces sions are made in price a still greater de velopment may reasonably be anticipated in the demand. With regard to Chili bars, there has been a very fair business doing this week, but sales have been rather pressed, which perhaps is somewhat surprising, considering that the charters from ChUi were announced at the early'parfc of the week as only 900 tons for the first half of this month. So small a quantity, we should have thought, might have encouraged buying, and given strength to the market ; but the price at Valparaiso being reported lower it has des troyed any favorable influence which may have occurred through the light charter, and the tone has, instead of being more cheerful, kept dull, and at times rather depressed. On first sight it may possibly be thought that the market is not likely to be favorably aff acted by the light chartei advised on Monday last, as the charters in January were so particu larly heavy, but yet it must be remembered that for the heavy charters for last month h ere has already been a serious fall in price, so that now a light charter has been an nounced a rally apparently ought to have taken place. The bi-monthly returns of Chili produce, published on the 15th inst., show the imports during the first fortnight of the month to have been 230 tons, and the de liveries 893 tons, making the stock in first and second hands in Liverpool and Swansea 24,848 tons, against 25,511 tons on the 31st ult. The imports of other kinds of copper from the 1st to the loth inst. were 1,108 tons, and the deliveries 104 tons. The total imports last month were C,462 tons, against 4,046 tons for the same time in 1SS1, and 5,530 tons in 1880, while the exports for the similiar periods were 4,293 tons, against 4.S70 tons in 1881, and 4,133 tons in 1880.' The annual meeting of the South Austra lian Football Association was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Tuesday evening, April 4. There was a good attendance. Mr. R. Whitfield (chairman) presided. The com mittee presented their annual report, in which they gave a summary of the principal doings of the past season. They stated that they commenced last season with a credit balance of £108 7s. 9d. , but this balance had been con siderably reduced in consequence of the ex penses incurred in connection with the re cepjtion of the Carlton Football Club on their visit to the colony. During the coming sea son they hoped to augment the funds very considerably, as they would receive the pro ceeds of the intercolonial matches to be ' played in August. The committee had appointed a sub-committee to revise the rules, and they were now laid before the delegates. The committee, with a_view of increasing the strength of the association, re cently invited outside clubs to send in appli cations for admission to the association. They regretted to say that only one applica tion, that of the Royal Park Club, had been received, and although this was sent in two days after the specified time had elapsed, they recommended that the club should be admitted. The financial statement showed that the receipts, including the balance in hand at the commencement of the year, had amounted to £172 us. 7d., and the pay ments to £130 7s. 9d. The credit balance was £41 ISs. 10d., and to this must be added £15 promised by His Worship the Mayor. The reports were adopted. The following officers were elected: — Patron, the Mayor of Ade- I laide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.); Pre- ! sident, Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P. ; vice- j presidents, the Hon. J. L. Parsons, ' Messrs. J. H. Symon, M.P., W. B. Roun.- I sevell, M.P., T. Caterer, C. Todd, C.M.G., I T. Hack, J.P., J. Acraman, J.P., H. W. | Thompson, J.P., W. E. Mattinson, J. E. Dempster, J.P., F. E. BucknaU, M.P., C. C. Kingston, M.P., R. Searle, J.P., R. Dixson, M.P., Dr. Gardner, and ActingCommis sioner Peterswald. The application of the j Royal Park Football Club was considered, and Mr. A. J. Diamond moved that the club 1 should be admitted to the association. He I urged, that the admission of the club would be of the greatest advantage to the associa tion, and woHld be calculated to advance the interests of the game. Mi-. C. Bagot seconded. The application was opposed by some of the delegates, on the ground that the club was not strong enough to successfully cope with the senior clubs, but the motion was passed by 19 votes to 4. The question as to whether the club should be allowed to play with 23 or 25 men was left to the committee to deal with. The rules as revised were gone through and were adopted with a few slight altera tions. The annual dinner of the Lion Timber Yard Benevolent Society was held at Tier's Com mercial Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Thursday evening, March 30. About eighty persons sat down, amongst whom were Messrs. D. Bower, M.P. (chairman), W. E. Mattinson, M.P. (vice-chairman), H. W. Thompson, J.P. (mayor of Port Adelaide), and Councillor Honey (proprietor of the Lion Timber Yard). The usual preliminary toasts having been got through, Councillor Honey proposed ' The Parliament.'' The chairman, in responding, alluded to the bad season, and said that although he thoroughly sympathised with the small farmers who had suffered so much, he was glad that the Government had refused to subsidise the subscriptions raised for the pur chase of seed wheat, as it would create a bad precedent, and other branches of industry might expect to be similarly treated in bad times. The mayor gave ' The Lion Timber Yard Benevolent Fund.' He was glad to see that the society was so successful, as it formed a good example to other large business establishments, most of which had not thought of such a thing. He was in formed that the receipts of the society amounted to £420, and that the expenditure for sickness had only reached £2jl. That was very satisfactory, and when it was con sidered that all the nioney was collected by threepences and sixpences, it showed what little difficulties there were in the way of forming such societies. He wiAed it ever-y success in the future. Mr. A. E. Fry (secre retary) in replying, gave a brief outline of the history of the society. It had been in existence nearly four years, and had been the means of affording great assistance to those who were laid up by sickness. Besides the expenditure mentioned by the mayor, I tbe society bad subscribed over £50 to various i charitable institutions, so that its sphere of | usefulness was not entirely confined to the I Lion Timber Yard. The vice-chairman then ; proposed ' The town aud trade of Port j Adelaide.' After eulogising the Town Council and the mayor in particular, for the thorough manner in which they carried out the various works they took in hand, he turned his attention to politics and spoke with some feeling on the necessity that existed for Government works being carried out and Government machinery made in the colony. The mayor replied. He referred to * the very able assistance rendered him by the council, and reminded his audience that they must not overlook the fact that most of the great improvements in the town -had been devised by former mayors and councillors, aud that ail the present coun cil did with regard to them was to see that they were kept in a state of efficiency, and that they were practically applied to the .wants of the town. As both their members of Parliament were present he would call their attention to the inconvenient delay that had arisen in connection with ttie erection of the new- bridge at Maelaren wharf. The 'Army, navy, and volunteers,' and the usual windup toasts followed, and the company dispersed. It has already been intimated that the Kapunda Company of Volunteers has been disbanded. The local paper commenting on this says: — 'We hear with regret that our company of volunteers is about to be dis banded. So far as we can gather the causes that have tended to this result have been as follows. . Some months back Captain Ros man's resignation was accepted, he having been relieved from active duties for some time previously, when of course all the work devolved on Lieutenant Neale, the only other commissioned officer. We believe an appli cation was made for the appointment of another officer, but this was not complied with, and Lieutenant Neale had un aided to perform both captain's and lieutenant's duties, ' which at times pressed very heavily. As he had not the necessary time to devote to so close an appli cation to military duties, and his request for assistance had' not been complied with, Lieu tenant Neale sent in his resignation. This we understand led to its being intimated that if he would continue in the force he would be appointed as captain, and the company's strength might be fully made up by recruits. On consideration, howe\er, Lieutenant Neale decided to adhere to his previously expressed determination, and his resignation has accord ingly been accepted with expressions of re gret. But in place of appointing other officers the colonel has somewhat strangely deter mined to use this resignation as a means for getting rid of the whole company, which gives some color to the report we previously alluded to, that he is anxious the entire regiment should be located in Adelaide and the imnie-, diate suburbs. It is generally understood that the same post that signified the accep tance of Lieutenant Neale's resignation also brought the intimation that the entire com pany, which numbers about 60 effective mem bers, whose training must have cost the Go vernment a very large amount of money, is to be disbanded as soon as the class-firing is completed, thus literally wastfhg the expen diture referred to. It is not too much to say that this will be felt by many ardent mem bers to be very cavalier treatment— not at all calculated to foster the volunteering spirit that is supposed to contribute so much to the success of a force of this kind. Many of the members have at great sacrifice undergone the preliminary fag work of the service, and just when they anticipated the enjoyment in con nection therewith, they are coolly told they can go. There is in all contracts a mutual agreement, and the men who agree to serve for a given time have a right to expect that such services will be availed of for the full period unless the position is forfeited by mis conduct. We cannot help expressing our con viction that Colonel Downes is making a mistake in treating the force in the manner he has done of late. The summary dismissals on the 9th November still rankle in the minds of many ; and we notice by the town papers that what appears to be very harsh and un warranted treatment, has also quite recently been meted out to members of the Adelaide Military Band, who have been, fined 10s. each for absence from a parade at which it is not usual for the band to attend.' A meeting of the Distressed Farmers' Seed Wheat Fund Committee took place in the council chamber, Town Hall, on Wednesday morning, April 5. There was a good atten dance, His Worship the Mayor occupying the chair. A telegram was receivedfrom Mr. H. A. Mugg, general secretary of the South Australian Farmers' Mutual Association, in which it was stated that the appli cations received for seed wheat were as follows : — Hundred of . Pinda, 17 applications ; Willochra, 10 ; Palmer, 17 ; Boolcunda, 10 ; Coonatto, 13 ; Yanyarrie, 2 ; Morgan, 2; Yalpara, 2; Kanyaka, 2; Wal loway, 5 ; Black Rock, 1 ; Erskine, 3 ; Min burra, 3 ; Hall, 1 ; Winninowie, 4 ; Oladdie, 5; Wandearah, C; Barooto, 8; Crystal Brook, 1 ; Telowie, 1 ; Pirie, 2. In the first sixteen hundreds no branches of the associa tion existed. The number of bushels applied for was 23,540, and the committee had apportioned 7,037 bushels among 91 applicants. The telegram stated that further details would be posted. Mr. W. H. Thompson (Mayor of Port Adelaide) stated that a meeting had been held at Port Ade laide to consider the whole question of raising a fund in that town, and it was decided that two canvassers should be appointed without salary. Mr. T. Coombe offered to act as one of the canvassers. He (Mr. Thompson) had spoken on the question to the owners of vessels trading-toibe South-East, where a good harvest had been cropped, and these gentle men had promised to convey free of cost to Port Adelaide any seed wheat that might be offered to the committee by the farmers in that district. The masters of vessels trading in the gulf had also promised to take wheat gratuitously to ports near the districts where the distress existed. Mr. Muecke had agreed to act as agent at Port Adelaide, and the ser vices of Mr. Coombe as honorary canvasser had been accepted. A telegram was read from Mr. W. B. Shepherdson, town clerk of Mount Gambier, stating that a joint com mittee, consisting of the Mount Gambier Town Council, and the district councils of Mount Gambier East and Mount Gambier West had collected £75 towards the seed-wheat fund, and more subscriptions were expected to be recei%ed. Mr. Tennaut moved that no farmer in distress should receive more than 100 bushels of seed wheat. That quan tity would be sufficient to sow 100 acres, and if the farmer could get that area under crop he would be able to -remain on the land. His Worship pointed out that as the committee had agreed to leave the distribution of the fund to the Farmers' Association the motion could only be put in the form of a recommendation to that body. Mr. Tennant concurred, and altered his motion to meet the objec tion pointed out by the mayor. Alderman Madge seconded the motion, which was earned, with an addition explaining that the committee made the recommendation because they believed the fund would not allow of a larger quantity of seed than 100 bushels being- allotted to individual farmers. The next meeting of the committee was fixed for Wednesday morning next, when it will be determined whether or not a deputation should wait on the Govemrnent for the pur pose of asking for a subsidy to the fund. The total amount of subscriptions up to date is £1,580. Valedictory tea and public meetings in connection with the departure of the Rev. Thos. Edmeades from the Port Adelaide Wes leyan Church were held in that church on Monday evening, April 3. There was a good attendance at each meeting, and at the public meeting Mr. E. H. Butler occupied the chair. The chairman said they had met to bid fare well to the Rev. Mr. Edmeades, who had been with them during1 the past year, and to ex press their appreciation of his efforts during that period. Most of them would have been happy if the Conference had allowed him to stay amongst them for another year. During his stay among them he had endeared himself to them by his visits to the sick and suffering^ and in that way_ had won their esteem, and they wished him every success. Mr. G. Shorney, J.P., joined with the chairman in wishing Mr. Edmeades 'God speed,' aud expressed his sorrow at his removal. He then presented him with a purse of 40 sovereigns and the following1 address, which was very artistically printed in silk : — 'To the Rev. Thos. Edmeades, Port Ade laide.— Rev. and dear sir— Having learnec with deep regret that the exigences of the stationing committee of the late Con ference rendered your removal from amongst us at the end of the first year unavoidable we cannot allow you to depart without expressing in some humble way our high appreciation of you as our minister. We recognise in you an earnest, faithful preacher of God's truth, counselling and admonishing the hesitating to accept Christ, and encouraging and cheer ing onwards those who are striving to enter in at the straight gate. In your pastoral visitations we have reason to believe that your efforts to soothe and comfort the sorrow ing heart in the hour of affliction and bereave ment have been highly valued and accom panied with much good. In saying farewell for the present we beg your acceptance of this address and purse of sovereigns, with the assurance that wherever you go yourself, Mrs. Edmeades, and family will have our prayers and best wishes for your future success. Signed on behalf of the sub scribers.— E. H. Butler, Geo. Shorney. Port Adelaide, April 3, 1882.' Mr. J. Millard (Semaphore) was sure that during tbe short time -Mr. Edmeades had been engaged ia pastoral work at the Port he had endeared himself to the congregation. In his opinion Mr. Edmeades had excelled every previous minister they had had, and was peculiarly adapted for the occupation he had chosen. He hoped they would have him anioog them at some future time. He was sure, too, that no one was more pleased than Mr. Edmeades at their full meeting, which would also wel cuwc the coming minister, Mr, BickforJ. Mr. _G. E. Swan believed- they had a rej.1 genuine man in Mr. Edmeades, and did not consider it an advantage to take away a minister who had been among them only a. year. Messrs. W. Thomas. W. Crooks. Dr. Mitchell, and others also spoke in a like strain, aiid expressed their sorrow at the action uf the Conference in removing Mr. Edrneades, arid wished him success in his new mission. Mr. Edmeades, in responding, thanked the congregation for their kind expression of opinion, and for their handsome present. Though he was going to Gumeracha he should always have the happiest recollection of his stay amongst them, and he trusted that his successor, Mr. Bickford, would meet with the same success that, us they stated, had at tended his efforts. He exhorted them to carry out their religion to the be:t of tUeic ability, for there was no better religion in his opinion than Methodism, which was dis tinguished by tbe soundness of its doctrine. The meeting concluded with prayer. The monthly meeting of the South Adelaide School Board of Advice was held at the Edu cation offices on Monday afternoon, April 3. There were present Mr. D.Murray, J.P. (chair man), Hon. W. Sandover, Messrs. J. Ander son, J. L. Bonython, J.P., A. Adamson, T. Scherfc, and W. Bickford, J.P. The chairman apologised for the non-attendance of Mr. V. Lawrance. Mr. Bonython stated that Mr. Clark had reported to him that some persons had, between Saturday and Monday, broken into the Grote-street Model School and stolen a lot of pens and pencils, besides upsetting a quantity of ink over the floor and doing other damage. Mr. Clark suggested that placards should be placed on the school walls offering a reward of £1 to any person giving information which would lead to the discovery of the culprits. This he considered a very good suggestion, and it had been carried out. After other members of the board had spoken as to the necessity of caretakers being appointed ia connection with the model schools it was re solved on the motion of Mr. Bonython, seconded by Mr. Scherk, that the matter should be brought under the notice of the Minister of Education, and the Minister's attention again called to the wisdom of appointing caretakers. A return was received from the inspector-general, which showed that daring the month of February the average attendance at the various schools was as follows : — Central Model, 921; East Adelaide Model, 725; Franklin-street school, 142; and Whitmore square school, 159. It also stated that only four persons attended the Whitmore-square evening school. The Acting-Minister of Education reported that six persons had been fined at the Police Court for neglecting to send their children to school. A letter was received from W. Warner, in which ue stated that some slight repairs were needed to . the desks, forms, and lockers at the Easfc Adelaide Model School. He mentioned that nothing had been done to the furniture since the opening of the school three and a half years ago, and as it was not part of the school material for which the teacher was held responsible he applied to the board. He also suggested that the work, which would not cost more than £3, should be done during the approaching Easter vacation. Messrs. Adamson and Sandoyer were appointed to visit the school and give the necessary directions. A letter was receivedfrom the same writer asking the board to use its influence in procuring the erec tion of a room at the East Adelaide school for the use of the female teachers. The letter was ordered to be forwarded to the Minis ter of Education with a recommendation that the request should be granted. R. C. Mitton reported that the drains at the Whit more-square school had been cleaned and the water drained off the playgrounds. The soiJ, however, was the adhesive clay found imme diately under the limestone ; and the coat of gravel which it had originally been covered with had quite worn away. The guttering, too, had become choked in some places, but he considered a little money would put every thing in order. It was decided to leave the matter in the hands of the chairman and Mr. Lawrance for them to give instructions for what was necessary to be done. ? After the first meeting of the board they adjourned to the Grote-street Model School, where a second board meeting was held. Present — Mr. D. Murray (in the chair), Hon. W. Sand over, Messrs.. A. Adamson, T. Scherk, W. Bickford, and the superintendent of visitors (Mr. J. H. H. Vocking). Notices were served in thirty-eight cases for parents to attend before the board and show cause why_ they should not be summoned for neg lecting to send their children to school the requisite number of days during the quarter ended March 31, The cases were from the Whitmore-square, Franklin- street, and Cen tral Model Schools. The whole of the parents required to appear were present, and made the -usual excuses. Six of the parents who had not complied with the last order of tbe board were directed to be summoned forthwith. In two instances one month'* extra trial was allowed ; others were cautioned as to the future. Applications were made in two instances for permission to attend even ing school, which were granted. It is stated in the Melbourne Argim that 'future travellers to and from Europe by the Orient Company's steamers will have their voyage agreeably varied by a visit to the island of Diego Garcia, the most in teresting ot the Chagos Archipelago group, and situated in the South Indian Ocean, latitude 7deg. ISmin. S., longitude 72deg. 22min. E. The directors of the Orient Company have for some time had this island in view as a desirable coaling station for their steamers, and having obtained the necessary official credentials, they commis sioned Captain Slader [of the Harbinger] to proceed by the John. Elder to take possession of two islets at the entrance to its harbor. This gentleman is furnished with a small steam launch, a store of pro visions for a month, and two sailors to assist him in laying the foundation of the future coaling depot. The advantage to the com pany of this arrangement will be very great, as by this means much more room can be* spared in each steamer for general cargo. Diego Garcia, the southermqst island of the Chagos, is a'n atoll 13 miles in length, north and south, by about eight miles in breadth. Its shape is somewhat in, the form of the pastern and foot of the horse. It is evidently built by the coral insect on the rim of au ancient and extinct volcano, the crater forming a large and deep basin for its lagoon. Tbe coral is nowhere more than (5 feet above high water. The lagoon is a splendid harbor, with anchorage averaging 10 fathoms, well protected from any heavy sea during the monsoon season by an extensive reef run ning east and west. The island is thickly covered with vegetation, and in several places the trees reach a height of 159 feet. The most abundant is the cocoanufc tree, of which more than a million are grow ing, and it is from the produce of these that the inhabitants of the island find means of support. Cocoanut oil is the only staple ex port, as much as 150,000 gallons being pro duced annually. The population numbers 450 in all, about one-third of these being females. The only Europeans living on the island are the managers, the sub-managers, and their families, the remainder of the in habitants being either African coolies or Malgaroes. The land is divided into three estates, the proprietors living at Mauritius, from which place a small trader comes three times a year to load with oil. On rising ou Sunday morning, the 25th day of February, the passengers by the John Elder were refreshed by the sight of land, a long- and flat coastlme bounding the horizon. At breakfast time we stopped abreast of, and about two miles from the entrance to the harbor of Diego Garcia. The sight was a very, lovely one, and to us who had lately been viewing the inhospitable aud arid uplands that skirt the Red Sea, the aspect of the bright, abundant, and varied foliage was peculiarly gratifying. The contrast between, the rolling- ocean on which we were tossing, and the aqua' dulces of the smooth inland sea, separated as its waters were by only a very narrow rim of reef, was very striking. The lagoon, glistening in the sunlight, looked like the polished surface of a mirror, while the reef appeared like a stern janitor, conimaudiDg1 the turbulent ocean billows to keep their appointed limits. The tranquil waters, with their framework of foliage sur rounding them, looked very inviting indeed, and many of us felt that if there be a Paradise upon earth it must be in such a spot as this. We envied Captain Slader's pleasure in going ashore on this verdant oasis of the Indian Ocean. His steam-launch was lowered about . 10 o'clock, while two of the ship's boats were manned and sent ashore with His stores. At noon that emblem of possession, the union jack, was hoisted conspicuously on the margin of the western islet. In the afternoon Cap tain Slader returned with the two boats in tow, and then finally he steamed away from our side amidst continued cheers and wavings of handkerchiefs, for that gentleman had j dnring the few weeks we were together won the esteem of all his fellow - passengers. J When the two boats were hoisted they were ? found laden with green cocoanuts, limes, » shells, and egfts, which the sailors had picked I up while ashore, and we steamed away amidst the excitement of trafficking for these various f objects, and giving a lingering and fare well look at the beautiful island of Diego Garcia.' 