GEANI) INTERCOLONIAL JUVENILE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, Tu the Editor. Sir,—Will you kindly allojw us, through your columns, to address a few Mines te the young people on behalf of the intended Juvenile Exhibition, to be opened oo the.9th November, 1882, in the Garden Palace, Sydney ? YOUNG FBIENDS,—The Schedule of Regulations and Prize List is now published for your information, and we hope you will carefully rend them through. lu drawing your sttentiod to it, alloiv us to tell you great care has been taken in framing them ; much attention has been given to embrace all supposed articles that may be prepared for exhibition. Bat should any omissions have been made, or any part not quite clear to you, apply by letter or personally to tbe Secretary, who will give you every infurtnation. If yon desire to exhibit any articles not enumerated, it can be entered in Group 23. We hope every young person,.who is able, in your district will make an attempt in some form to prepare an exhibit, and thus show the Colony at - large that they have energy, talent aud industry. Do ; not look on with iudifference; do your best to help to make the Jjiveuile Exhibition worthy of your native land ; aud theu in after life you will have tbe gratification of being able to say that you took part In making it so. Many are already at work,—the simplest specimen of industry will be acceptable, —let all work with, a will aud enthusiastic. The object is a good one, and intended to show to the world that the young Australians are an iudustrious and an intelligent community. Remember, much depends on yon to make the Exhibition a success; for without your handiwork it would be a sailure, and you will have to share in . the disappointment. The Committee wii do their part, and trust their young friends will do theirs, aud every Colonist do their best to help iu tbe good work ; let no one stand aloof, for when the busy and interesting event is over, and you have not taken some part, you will feel a remorse that you had not iu some way contributed to it; it will tben be too late to share in the honour. Bear in mind there i£ dignity and houour iu labour. The Committee are anxious that the young people should take the matter tip warmly, and set a good example to others in making their homes hives of itiduslry and contentment ; that in years to come it may be the theme of many a pleasant hour—the Grand Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition of Sydney, 1882. Secretary aud Superintenpent. Offices, Garden Palace, Sydney. \- Sta HENRY PABKES ieaves London to-day by one of tbe Oiieut steamers lor Sydney. OGLE, the Melbourne defaulter, has been arrested in Manchester—the telegraph anticipated bis arrival. TBICRETT has arrived iu Sydney. Me Mills, the Government valuator in the Darling Barbour Laud cases, says the fact that tbe Government was about to resume th« land was common property two mom be before the Gazette notice appeared. That accounts for the scramble.' GOVERNMENT Sitings Banks are to be opened at Balranald and Narandera for the first time tbis day. Costohs KET0BNS.—The sum of £2149 7s 3d was collected at the Deniliquin Customs House lor the month ended 30th June, 1882. A - total of £11,223 5s has bpen received in the same oSce from the beginuiug of tbe year until yesterdaj. Mr Bent, the Victorian Minister of Railways, will visit Hay on Tuesday. Bis visit has nothing to do with the Riverine wool traffic which will still follow its own bent—not tlie Kent of Victoria. MB JOHN ORD ING'^IS has been slated for slandering a trainer named Hey wood. The jury awarded £200 damages. Mr In^lis ran the horse Eric at the last Deniliquin race meeting. THE Australians won their last match against the South of England team by one iurings and. 2C3 runs. The natives made 501 runs in tb-ir first innioga. The Australians have now won eight matches, lost one, and three drawn. ANOTHER GHOST STORV.—The Star reports that a claim iu Ballarat Ease is said to be haunted. An apparition, in figure a man, and in amies a mischievous school boy, bas from time to time visited .this claim at midnight, variously, during the past two or three years, and entertained .the men on the premises at the timts of its visit by means of a britk bombardment with locks, aud its own sudden and mysterious disanptarauce whenever chased.' The meu did nut at first lake much notice of these, visits, but the manner in^wliich the visitor eludes discovery or capture lias been too much for their equanimity. , The wizard bombardier does not, like' the perturbed spirit of Hamlet's father, waltt the night with regularity and seem inclined to B(.eak, but comes irregularly and heaves stoneB, and has not yet b.-en encountered by the mei> w ho would like to just get their hands oo it once. Tha miners have chased it of ten, but at tlie moment they are overtaking it, it suddenly disappears until some of them begin to thiuk that it is the devil himtelf that is worrying them «o. Their eager pursuit after this will-o'-ihe-wisp has resulted in their catching the wrong man more than once, only discovering the mistake in time for the captive to escape a belabouring. It is an exhilarating sight to see half a dozen ..men scampering over the mullock heaps round the claim, yelling and in wrathful exclamations wishing the visitor where tbe wraith of-the Prince of Denmark's papa passed his days according to hiB most veracious time-table for daily a id nightly occupation. It must be a joyous time for the Ballarat Bast ghost, seeing it so far has escaped any penalty, but if this meets his eye it will do well to take a bit of advice—keep out of the way of the • miners as careful as of yore. If they fairly get the spirit once it will be unrecognisable by its own family circle for same titue afterwards, or their magnanimity will be memorable. : • THK LAKK MACQOABIE OUTRAGE.—The following .'are tlie particular* of the cutrage at Lake Macqnarie which was briefly referred to in oar telegrams last week •—On Friday last information was brought in to Inspector Thorpe, Newcastle, to 'the effect that a sir! had been outraged and ber throat cut by a' bltckfcllow at Lake Macquarie. The rumour stated that: her throat bad been cut, rape committed, and other injuries done, &c.;, •Inspector Thorpe, Senior-sergeant .Dale, Dr. B. Harris (Government medical officer^,'and body of police at once set out -for the Lake, aud returned in tbe evening with the prisoner, a young Kanaka, tamed Jackey. Jackey was employed as groom by Mr Anderson, of Bellevue, near Belmont. The victim proved to be a pirl named Train; fged 16, servant of Mrs Dunn'i>, living near.entrance to the Lake.- She left' Anderson's''on a visit to her parents, and after going a short distance was overtaken by Jackey, ' who made ind cent overtures. The girl resisted, and Jackey seizing her, carried her into the bush, where a violent struggle ensued.; he then left her. She returmd, and was again overtaken by Jarkey, wlio knocked her down, and attempted the outrage. They both struggled with each other for 10 minutes, when Jackey, putting his fingers in the girl's inoutb, tore both sides of her cheeks. The girl fainting, Jackey kicked her in the bead, face, and body, creating a mass of bruises. He, leaving her, as he thought, dead, returned home, where Mr Anderson; having ricived intelligence of the outrage, under pretext of i;Oing fishing, took Jackey in a boat, and rowed down the Lake till the police arrived. Inspector Thorpe and his men subsequently pulled down the Lake six miles, and arresting prisoner brought bim into Newcastle. IT is probable that tbe Governor, Sir Jobs Robertson, and Messrs Lackey, and Wisdom will b at the Hay railway opening. THE BEBMAGOT MYSTERY.—The Argus of Tues. day says :—It would seem that after an interval of more than a year'and a half some light is likely' to he thrown on the mysterious tragedy at Bermagui. It may be remembered tlrat in October, 1880, a party, consisting of Mr J. Lamont Young, of the Government geologist's "department, New South Wales, and three others 1 started in a boat from Bermagui, a "place oil the coast 247 mites south of Sydney, for the Clyde. Two dsys afterwards the Imat was discovered on the keacb store in two placrg. Frrni that day to tliiB although the New South Wales Government and the relatives spared no efforts to discover what bad become of the missing men, their fate has remained a mystery. Various explanations have been suggested—as that the party were drowned, kidnapped, or murdered. A Sydney telegram this morning ststeB that clues have at length been found which lead to the uspieion that there was foul play. Further details will be awaited with interest, as throwing light upon one of the most mysterious occurrences of recent times. R. D. BANNISTER, 