Old Country Notes. LONDON, June 16. [BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] OF course the Government are getting into trouble about Egypt. They get into trouble about everything just at present. Even the generally loyal Daily News disapproves of their action in the Mediterannean, and echoes the common feeling of the country that to bluster and threaten, yet to do nothing, is neither peace nor war. The Government, however, maintain a very steady front in both Houses of Parliament, Lord Granville in the Lords and Sir Charles Dilke in the Commons declin ing to give premature information, warding off inconvenient questions, and insistingthatweare on excellent terms with all the foreign Powers concerned. Up to the date of this letter no papers have been produced, and no information beyond what has appeared in the newspapers is before the public. The papers have their special correspondents on the scene of action, but it is evident that they feel themselves hampered by the state of panic at Cairo and Alexandria. The telegrams vary, are incomplete, and by their half-made statements, keep up a feeling of alarm at home. Every day in Parliament formal and informal questions have been ad dressed to the Government, and almost the whole of Wednesday was devoted to attempts to wring Ministerial secrets. Neither Mr. Gladstone nor Sir Charles Dilke, however, per mitted themselves to be drawn. The Prevention of Crime Bill still drags its slow length along. The moment the House goes into committee upon it, there is a hearty stampede, the Ob structionists being left alone, to check progress. A good deal of notice has been taken of Mr. Wisker's article in the Fortnightly Review, and the Echo and some other papers have published leading articles calling upon the Imperial Government to do something. Extracts from the special correspondents of either the Argtu or Herald have also been reproduced in the English papers, and the intention is apparently to show that Queenslanders are a set of butchers and slave drivers. The Egyptian imbroglio happened to make a premier demand upon public attention soon after the magazine was published, and the Queensland subject, which otherwise might have been worked up into a sensation, was temporarily put aside. There were, as I am informed, questions to have been asked in the House this week upon the general subject, but for some reason they have not been asked. Meanwhile, I know of a magazine article in preparation which will put matters straight so far as it can be honestly done, by pointing out the difference between isolated cases which must happen, and the general system of protection afforded to both Poly nesians and aborigines by the Queensland Go vernment. The Aborigines Protection Society has, however, lost a good deal of the influence it possessed in the old times when there was real shivery to deal with, and it is very weak in Parliament. Indeed, but for a gentleman offi cially connected with the working of the society, who writes a good deal for certain Liberal papers, the influence of the society may be said to be nil. Should the matter be mentioned in the House, there is at least one hon. member who will be prepared to state both sides of the question, he having been furnished with the pamphlet containing the correspond ence published some time since in the Queent lander, and also with the little book containing the more recent letters of Mr. Brookes and Mr. Gibson. Parliamentary Government is a good deal carried on by appeals to precedent. The rulings of Mr. Speaker have a future value as well as present purpose. Two curious, if not important, additions were last week made in the House of Commons to precedental law, if I may coin the term. To refer to the utterances of another member as "infernal speeches" is not parliamentary. To enter the House with a sword concealed in your walking-stick is out of order. With respect to the word " infernal," it was, of course, necessary to pull Mr. O'Kelly up sharply for using it, and it was strictly in pursuance of the order of procedure amongst the Healy section of the Land Leaguers that, after considerable bluster, the word was with drawn and apologised for. The word itself is so vapourish and vixenish, so furious yet so much signifying nothing, that it was surely not worth making a fuss about. Still, any stick seems good enough now wherewith to belabour Mr. Forster. The swordstick incident did not come regularly before the House, but it was privately reported to the Speaker that an Irish member habitually walked into the House armed with an ingeniously effective lethal weapon of that description. The Speaker de cided that the hon. member might do as he chose so long as he left his protector outside the bar. Again, hon. members must regulate their sotto voch comments during debate. Last night Lord George Hamilton tried to fasten upon his subordinates, while he was in office, the responsibility of sanctioning certain classes at Mr. Bradlaugh's Hall of Science. Mr. A. O'Connor, sitting in the front rank of Land Leaguers, remarked to another member, in a kind of pig's whisper, "What a hound that Lord George Hamilton is." Mr. Macartney, who is a Conservative, rebuked Mr. O'Connor, and was called an eavesdroper by the O'Kelly. By-and-by, Mr. Macartney, on a question of privilege, openly reported this private conver sation to the Speaker, who suggested that the offenders should express regret, " because, although those remarks have not been made openly in debate, still in this House we always desire to speak well of one another." Regrets, &c;, followed, as per usual. For the present Mr. W. E. Forster has very decidedly taken a hack seat in politics, ami finds a great gulf fixed between him and the advanced Liberals, who once made much of him. This is but another proof of the growing dis union in the Liberal ranks. The Whig party, which was said to be defunct, has been strengthening during the last eighteen months, and the retirement of the Duke of Argyll, Lord Cowper, and Mr. Forster mark successive accessions to the modest ranks of the Conserva tive Liberals. The truth with regard to Mr. Forster is that he never satisfied the Radicals upon the Church Establishment question. He is a consistent though not a bigoted Churchman, and during the education movement took a strong stand against the Secularists and Non conformists. I believe if all the facts were known it would be found that the ruling spirit in the Cabinet at present is Mr. Chamberlain, and I was told last year that he would never be satisfied until Mr. Forster was out of the Ministry. This same Mr. Chamberlain is a man, if I mistake not, whose career will be worth watching. Your readers may remember the enormous influence exercised by the Birmingham league upon the School Board movement. That league owed its existence and success to "Joe" Chamberlain, who, against odds that at one time seemed to offer not the ghost of a chance to the Secularists, organised and worked until he secured the return of a majority. The administrative ability he displayed during those years of agitation was well known to Mr. Gladstone, and to it may be attributed his seat in the Cabinet. The Birmingham screw manufacturer pursues a very independent course, and has no doubt a steady eye to the possibility of some day leading the van in the disestablishment of the English Church. For this he is quietly preparing, and I know of no man who would so well take such a matter in hand. Resisting the seductions of social life, he is a slave to work, and somehow he has contrived by his tact, force of character, and great ability, to be a power in the Ministry. The great point with him is to exercise control upon Gladstone, and no doubt he has carried that point. In the same way Sir Charles Dilke has posted himself on the right side of Lord Gran ville. It almost seems as if these two aspirants for office had agreed what to do. They might have been rivals, and had Sir Charles Dilke pressed his claims to a seat in the Cabinet, Mr. Gladstone would have been painfully embar rassed. But it was always understood that Sir Charles preferred his post at the Foreign Office with Lord Granville, and actually used his influence to get Mr. Chamberlain into the Cabinet. Both have gained respect and praise in their respective offices, but many Liberals do not like the influence which Chamberlain exerts. The Whig feeling strengthens upon this, and the Opposition are hoping much from it. Positive disunion, however, does not yet exist; but the shadow of it falls now and then across the path. And writing of Whigs brings to mind a manifesto recently made by the veteran Earl Grey. The noble Earl is over 80 years of age, and has served his country in many ways. Half-a- century ago he was Under-Secretary for the Colonies, and from 1846 to 1852 he held the Colonial Secretaryship. He was Under-Secre tary for War and Home Secretary while some of the modern statesmen were being birched and breeched. One ought to be very cautious in joining in a hue and cry against a man who has so long borne the burden and heat of the day. For many years, however, the noble Earl has held an anomalous position in politics. His hand has been against every man's. The statesmanship of Talmerston. Derby, Disraeli, or Gladstone were alike ob noxious to him, and, according to his views, ruinous to the State. The older Lord Grey became the more crotchets he exhibited. He set himself up long since as a very Whig of very Whigs, and in that capacity has, during the success of Radical influence in the Queen's counsels, prophesied and denounced with intense bitterness. The eminent statesmanship of his father, the second Earl, whose name is linked with that of Lord John Russell in the Reform Bill of fifty years ago, did not prove hereditary, but a general adherence to the Liberal cause has certainly marked the octogenarian's career. It seems, however, that the noble Earl's known detestation of Gladstonian principles misled many persons, amongst others the members of the Edinburgh Working Men's Conservative Association, who wrote him, inviting him, on the belief that at heart he was " one of us," to join their association. Then Lord Grey arose and buffeted them. He replied that al though he mourned the departure of modern Liberals from the Whig doctrines he had been taught in his youth, he was bound to say that the Conservative party was not at all the sort that could command his support. His lordship incidentally remarks that he has for many years ceased to take part in active politics. That is to the letter true, but at uncertain intervals there would be, petulantly delivered in the House or elsewhere, or published in the Times, a manifesto in which Earl Grey showed that the advancing tide of Liberalism had left him high and dry on the Whig shallows of half-a century ago, and that all that remained for him was to stick to his position, and at such times as the waywardness of the age moved him, to lift up his voice as one crying in the wilderness. Some day a question will be raised as to the proprietary right of waxwork showmen to the names and effigies of distinguished persons, especially distinguished criminals. The trial of a doctor, and his execution for poisoning a relative will be fresh in the public recollection. Even before Marwood performed hia ghastly duty, the town was placarded with posters, regardless of expense, stating that the criminal effigy was to be added to the waxwork " figgers" of a well-known show. But one day the billstickers were discovered busy in oblite rating those announcements. As a matter of fact, that unfortunate doctor will not be exhibited with other notorious criminals. Hia relatives are said to have paid several thou sands of pounds to keep him out of such com pany. How far have speculators the right thus to trade upon the feelings of distressed families ? A disagreeable dispute is going on in the newspapers between Mr. Pye and Madame Nilsson. The famous priina donna has always been considered one of the best spe cimens of the class which is so much envied and sneered at. The greed and jealousies of opera singers have almost passed into a pro verb. But if there was one exception it was understood to be Nilason. The correspondence between her and the impresario, however, shows something of both greed and jealousy ; shows also the tyrannous manner in which these public favourites impose conditions, based upon a self-conceit that well-nigh approaches the sublime. There have been several operatic squabbles lately, and it is possible that the fancy prices paid to gifted singers will eventually be reduced to a reasonable level. Signor Rossi, the Italian tragedian, has been playing a funny part at Her Majesty's Theatre. Ho has been playing King Lear in Italian, all the other characters speaking English. "Funny" is perhaps the hardest wordT one may bo permitted to use, though harder have been employed by the dramatic critics. Rossi is one of the finest tra gedians of the Italian achooL That school is not ours. Even Salvini, who is a greater actor than Rossi, was only a passing curiosity. Rossi's Lear, in fact, is not the character of Shakspeare, and the representation was, in its essential aspects, not a triumph. The use of a foreign language by one actor only as I have said, made the thing funny. " Romany Rye," by Mr. Sims, author of the " Lights of London," has been produced at the Princess's. The piece was freely heralded by " Dagonel's" friends in the London and pro vincial Press. The new play is a melodrama, dealing with the lowest of London life. Its merits are that the action is rapid, the scenes exciting and artistically elaborate, and the acting of individuals and grouping of crowds faultless. Its demerits are a too realistic picture of repulsive humanity, and a want of the humour which contributed so largely to the striking success of the "Streets of London." What Zola does in fiction Mr. Sims does on the stage, and does it with a master's hand. But "Romany Rye," spite of its gipsy element and photographic representations of gutter life, will probably have a comparatively short run. Lucca has reappeared at the Italian Opera, very piquant ana melodious, but not better for the years of wear and tear that have intervened since her former retirement from the stage. Patti still reigns without a rival. Mrs. Bernhardt, who, as was truly pointed out in one of the society journals, having had fame, fortune, and children, at last secured a husband, is at the Gaiety. Since last year the rage for the " divine Sarah " has been snuffed out, and the clever French actress—we have no actress fit as an actress to tie her shoe strings—has ample opportunity of reflecting upon the fickleness of mankind, and especially womankind. She had her day, and a nice golden day it was; and it roust be pleasant for her to reflect that she made the most of it. The Prince and Princess of Wales have inter fered on behalf of the Leicester shoemaker whose performances I described in my last letter. At thcirparticular request he was let out of gaoL The Princess wrote to the mayoress of Leicester that she did not poke the man with her parasol because she was frightened, but because she wished to save him from being trampled under the horse's hoofs. The Prince telegraphed to the mayor asking, as a personal favour, that the man should be set at liberty, and of course the prison doors were swung open in a moment. The Queen's children are in this and a hundred ways making themselves popular. They are at everybody's beck and call, and to the demands made upon them they respond whenever they can. The Princess of Wales at Ascot last week even requested to be introduced to Fred. Archer, the jockey, though there must have been some mistake, seeing that it is Tom Cannon, and not Archer, who is the turf hero of the present hour. And this week in the House of Lords the Prince of Wales and bis brothers voted with the minority—a narrowing majority, be it marked every session—ana against the whole bench of Bishops, in favour of marriage with a deceased wife's sister. It has often been said that the royal princes vote in this way because it is wished to marry the Princess Beatrice to Prince Louis of Hesse. I believe there is not a scrap of ground for the supposition. " Xosraos," whose letters to eminent persons in the World I notice have attracted your attention, is understood to be Mr. T. S. Escott. author of " The Club and the Drawing room," a book that made some noise when it was published. Mr. Escott is one of the most brilliant of London journalists. He is an Oxford man, a leader writer in the Standard, editor of the Home News, and Mr. Yates's right hand man on the World. The work he gets through passes comprehension, and as to quality, his letters to eminent persons are only a fair sample. His studies of the characters of his eminent persons are so accurate that they may be accepted as of biographical value. The regeneration or disbandment of the Life Guards will be effected if the Gladstone Go vernment remains in office. The prospect strikes consternation into the hearts of Bel gravian mothers and daughters, and their nursemaids. It seems on the face of it a ter ribly iconoclastic measure, but sentiment aside. it is an honest reform. These ornamental cavalry men are simply a show escort for royalty, and the proposition is to reduce the number to a troop sufficient to answer that purpose. The surplus officers and men will in that case be drafted into other regiments. In other words they wDI have for the first time in their lives, to perform real military service. There is a petty quarrel going on between the Nottinghamshire and Australian cricketers. The Australians aie, as a matter of fact, in the right, but they do not add to the dignity of their position by making a disturbance for a trifle. At the county match at Nottingham the Englishmen had not made any provision for the Australians' luncheon. They ought to have done so, of course. They admit as much, and plead forgetfulness. 'Letters from Mr. Beal, the manager, and Mr. Murdoch, the captain of the Australian Eleven, reveal disagreement upon other matters. The Nottinghamshire men certainly did not treat the Australians with courtesy. But, unfortunately, the latter have contrived to establish a character for cantanker ousness and cockiness. The English cricketers say they aro too grasping in money matters, and too apt to stand upon their dignity when it is not called in question. That Mr. Marshall Wood had been in a bad state of health for some time before hia death, will be seen (says the S. 31. Herald) by this extract from a letter, dated Brighton, 19th May, and written by him to Mr. E. L. Monte fiore: —" I was desirous to have written to you long before now, but ever since my arrival at home I have been suffering from what my physicians pronounce a muscular affection of the heart, requiring the very strictest restric tion from any possible excitement. I cannot even now regard myself as convalescent, and my doctors will not hear of my going to London yet, even for a single day ; therefore I have no art news, and am ufr.iid, ho far as this season goes, it will be (lone for me by proxy. But one tiling is very clear—namely, that there is no diminution in prices for paintings." 