The House of Mercy, Adelaide. (The A uatmluia Pilot.') ine corner stone ot the House of Mercy, AVakcfield-street, was solemnlj' laid by His Lordship, Dr. Reynolds, on Sunday afternoon, the 24th nit. A goodly number of the faith ful and other citizens assembled to witness the impressive, ceremony. The procession, which left the Cathedral about 3 p.m., was headed by the children of Mary and his Lordship the Bishop, in full pontificals, ac companied by the 1 lev. Fathers O’Sullivan, Healey, Gandolphi, and MeCloskey. After the Litan\r of the Blessed Virgin had been sung, his Lordship and the attendant priests proceeded slowly around the building chant ing the “ Miserere” and finally the “ Nisi Dominiis.” After blessing the corner-stone, invoking the aid of the Blessed Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, as pre scribed by the Homan Ritual, His Lordship the Bishop, addressing the people in a clear, firm tone, said :—I think it is fitting on an important occasion like this that 1 should invoke, the blessing of God Almighty upon this work, a work so condu cive to His honour and glory, and the saving of souls. It is well also that I should speak about the. origin of this undertaking, its his tory and development. In the middle of the present century a noble lady of birth as well as noble mind, seeing the destitute and deplor able condition of many of her sex, formed the happy idea of providing them with a means of shelter from the evil iniluence society brought to hear against some of the helpless of our rare. On the twenty-fourth of Sep tember. 1 Ml 1, the self-same festival of our Lady of Mercy that we are celebrating to-day, 'that generous-hearted lady inaugurated a House of Mercy. That noble woman’s name will he revered in the hearts of the people us long as the world exists—the name of ■Catherine M'Aulcy will never he forgotten, for licrs was a blessed work, and its beneficial iniluence has spread far and wide. In Bagot street, a building belonging to the Order of Mercy was adopted as a House of Mercy. It was to be protected by and under the guid ance of the Sisters of Mercy, and young women rescued from their perilous conditions were to be admitted, sheltered, and trained in honest occupations, such as laundry work, domestic duties, and other like congenial oc cupations suitable to their positions in life. it was a grand idea, and was brought forward when the Church was jusr emerging from the dire effects of the penal laws. It was no new thing to the Church, however, to fake, up such schemes of regeneration. Catholics would remember how St. John of Mat ha foil tided a church which broke t he power of the Mussalnian, and its members bound themselves to a solemn vow to look after the ransom of those unfortunates who were slaves to the infidel and suffered untold of miseries. The church accomplished that glorious work in the middle, ages. Its noble, foundations were established in Spain, in Lisbon, in Borne, actuated by the self-same glorious spirit of earnestness and faith, and the good work is making itself manifest in every city of the world. In former times I was acquainted with that sainted lady, and heard her utter sentiments 1 have never forgotten. I say again that sainted woman, Catherine M‘Aulev, inaugurated a noble mission, and her share in it will never be forgotten. Her spirit lias gone for ever to the place it best occupies, but her work remains and prospers here on earth. In every principal town in England, dear old Ireland, and beloved Australia Houses of Mercy stand an eloquent witness to the worth of that sainted woman. There is cause here to found a House of Mercy, and it had, indeed, already been instituted. AN hen 1 returned from Rome, I found it com menced, though humbly, it is true. It began in yonder stable or coach house, and it seems to me the counterpart of that of Bethlehem. AN e are not ashamed of good things begun, humbly, but poorly. We have a guarantee in that Jesus Christ himself chose a life of poverty and humility. We are never dis couraged at a poor beginning for a good work. Help has not been wanting in this from all sides, and with much kindly en couragement the Sisters of Mercy commenced this work, and it has Cod’s blessing upon it. In the words of the sacred Litany, we have brought the good Lord’s blessing upon this house which wo have begun, and we hope that He will vouchsafe to award His help to this work of charity, through the hands of the Sisters of Mercy who arc engaged in it. A goodly sum has already been contributed to enable the work to be initiated, but by no means commensurate with the greatness of the work we have in hand. We have no cause to be disheartened, for we have begun with the Lord's help. In the words of wisdom, u Unless the Lord build the house, in vain do they labor (hat build it, and unless the Lord guard the city, in vain will the watchers guard it.” We have, assuredly, the blessing of God upon this work, and we have been encouraged by glorious help on every side. A\ c hope, then, that the work so happily commenced will have a still more happy completion. My reliance is upon the word of God, and your hearty co-operation, and the, certainty that the work we have undertaken will not hud the favour of God wanting. I ask you to come forward and place your offerings upon the stone that we have so solemnly laid in the name of Jesus Christ. If you have much, give abundantly ; if you have hut liUle. give of that little in accordance with your moans, [t has been promised, remember, that he who gives a cup of cold water in Ilis name will receive His special benediction. I ask you, therefore, to lay upon this stone such offerings as you can make. 1 only regret that my donation will not be at all commensurate with my desire to aid this laudable, undertaking, hut you know that in connection with my oilico, works of charity like this frequently make heavy demands upon my resources. I place An us iny contribution, and. in God’s name, let all who can give according to their means. 