'j- ^ ' ' i " ^ '? J' ' the Sunday question, it was stated the: other < ! JL . day by a popular preacher that, according to some opinions^ ' to attempt to bring the Christian conscience undei* such''laws . (as that of the Jewish Sabbath) is to give up Christianity and to return to the lower platform of ancient Judaism." We have often had occasion to note, and not without deep regret, that even the , most liberal-minded of the Christian clergy cannot deal with the ?. Sunday question without casting some sort of reproach upon the ! Jewish Sabbath. It is true in the instance under consideration only ancient Judaism is spoken of j but Bince ancient and modern i Judaism are substantially the same, an insult to the one must be . considered an insult to the other. We are not fond of expatia ting upon the relative merits of Judaism, to do which is, after all, only dishing up old hash, the paths which in this case we would , have to walk being well-trodden. Nor would the space and time : at our disposal suffice, were we to draw a comparison between Judaism and Christianity in all the various points of contact. But. when Judaism is described as a lower platform in comparison with Christianity, silence on our part might be construed into acquiescence, and for this reason we propose to submit this state ment to a brief, though by no means exhaustive, examination. : Let us, first of all, compare some of the dogmas of both religions,: and for this purpose we place the second question of the baptismal: formula side by side with the first and second articles of the Jewish, creed: " Dost thou believe in God the I. " I believe with a perfeot faith, i Father Almighty, Maker of heaven that the Creator (blessed be His i and earth ? And in Jesus Chriat, his name), is Creator and Governor of . only-begotten Son our Lord? And all created beings, and that He that he was conceived by the Holy alone has made, does make, and ever I Ghost; born of the Virgin Mnry j will make, every production." ? , that he Buffered under Pontius Pilate II. " I believe with a perfeot faith, was crucified, dead, and buried ; that the Creator (blesaed be Hia that he went down into hell, and name), is a Unity, and that there'is also did riao again the third day, no Unity whatever like unto Hia, and that he aBcended into heaven, and that He alone is our God who-waa,' sitteth at the right hand of God the who iB, and who ever will be."; "Uy . Father Almighty ; and from thence .' ' Lv"'S shall como again at the end of the 1 1 " ' world, to judge the quick and the ' ! :in~, ^: dead? And dost thou believe in : .,-j($.{$ u. the Holy Ghost j the Holy Catholio . ! ! , v'i Church j the Communion of Saints; ..p . ,v the' Remission of sins: the Resume- J-;; ^ " tionof the flesh; and everlasting i £ |i ftij . life after death?" ;; vj 1 :?. V: yi U i/-f i7"? > r> j v ^ ^ Without going into details^ov ^ < \- "Mi.;?!; :l.l; - Mini;! , j i , s.urf I,,;! mi >!ii !»]..» i.i't/i'j iju o.3 «jio.ise.otj[ the Christian belief, it must be clear to any unbiassed judge that the Jewish creed is by far the simpler of the two, and offers the least difficulties to the human understanding. Of all the theories .advanced to account for the existence of the universe, the simplest and most natural is that which ascribes personal existence to an Omnipotent, rational Being whom we call God. Both our reason arid emotional nature drive us to this conclusion. So far Judaism and Christianity run on parallel lines, but not further. For Christianity now brings in the Son who "sitteth at the right hand" of GOD, and through whom all must go if they want to get to the Father. And here the difficulties and complications commence. Why we should not be able to appeal to that God except through a mediator is a belief against which human reason revolts. If God stands to his children in the relation of a kind hearted parent, why should we not be able to carry the wishes and sacred emotions of our heart straight to Him? Why should not our heavenly soul be at liberty at any and all times to commune with the Spirit of Spirits of which it is an emanation ? Surely the belief in JESUS helps in no way to solve the problem which the universe and its government offer. On the contrary, it increases the difficulty and raises a thousand side-issues, all equally subtle,) equally complicated, and equally perplexing. How are we to understand the statement that JESUS was conceived by the Holy Ghost, and yet bom of the Virgin Mary 1 Can the human mind be expected to take in this, and many similar inexplicable contradictions ? Surely, if the simplicity of a belief is prima facie evidence of its truth, then Judaism cannot be put down as a lower platform, but stands preeminent amongst all monotheistic religions. So much for the dogma of both faiths, and now let us cast a cursory glance at the morality of both We suppose that the Christian morality is based on the sermon on the mount. Now, the impartial reader of those three chapters (Matthew v., vi., vii.), will find that the root of the lessons given in them lies in the Hebrew Scriptures. There is little new in those lessons, and what is new is of very small value, or of no value at all. Nearly all the additions are impracticable, and, as far as experience goes, have never been practised by even the most devout Christians. What would the consequence be to society if it .were incumbent upon a man to offer his waistcoat to any one who had robbed him of his coat ? Society would soon be divided into two classes-into robbers and the robbed. Or what inference can -be drawn from the verso-" Behold the fowls of the air ; for they sow. not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them1" Is it not, that it is the duty of every man to engender inprovident habits ? And this inference is further supported by a reference to Matthew xix. 21, where JESUS iB recorded to have advised a young man, who wished to become perfect, to go and sell all his goods, and divide the proceeds among the - poor. It is also plain, from the sermon on the mount, that > JESUS shows an equal contempt for intellectual wealth, for he -declares happy the poor in spirit. Nor dare we be unmindful of the fact that, while the sermon on the mount is full to over flowing in praise of charity, it has not a word to say on the import ance of justice. Yet justice forms the foundation of society, and its neglect or disregard has done more harm, both to individuals and communities, than the disregard of any other virtue. These are only a few of the imperfections of the sermon on the mount, but they are very serious, and with them no system of morality .can be pronounced perfect. Perhaps they may be the reason why these lessons have so far remained unheeded by the great majority ^of Christians. At any rate, while the Ten Commandments have furnished the groundwork for the legislature of every civilised country, the sermon on the mount has remained, for all practical purposes, a dead letter, simply because in some portions it is the ..old/;Mosaic code, while in others the impracticability of its lessons is-too glaring to admit of any serious consideration. If, therefore, even the morality of the Law of Moses cannot be superseded, and has,, in fact, never been equalled, why then should Judaism be called a ,lower platform? Is it because its dogma is so simple and its morality so sublime ? Or is it because, in spite of all sorts of unfavourable circumstances, it has held its own for the last three thousand years? Or is the difficulty which presents itself to .thoughtful minds, in connection with the proper observance of the Christian day of rest, helped by disparaging the Jewish Sabbath ? Even in this respect, Judaism could teach a lesson. Let our Christian friends visit Jewish houses on the Sabbath, and they will see for themselves whether the Sabbath is made there " a day for gloom' and sadness, for sloth and weariness, for unnatural restric tions and legalistic bondage." They will find that amongst good, orthodox Jews the Sabbath is the very opposite, viz., a day of joy and mutual happiness, a day devoted to intellectual pleasures, .whether they be found round the domestic hearth, or in publio worship, or in the quiet contemplation of God's beautiful earth. And while the observant Jew willingly and joyfully submits to a iew trifling restrictions which he knowB are to prevent that day from degenerating into one of exciting pleasures, he, nevertheless, looks upon his Sabbath as a blessing whioh he cannot derive from any other day in the week. To him it is a heavenly boon-for whioh he feels deeply indebted to hia Bacred religion. Judaism ^Jo^^.platform. ., Forsppthl);^, kw .. . , ,?i,.^, ?;; 