. Sermon. ' !\ ' , SERMON, Pbeached at thk Ordination in St. ' Pjlter's, Chubch, Mel ,' boubne, on Sunday, 18th Decembeb, the 4th Sunday ? MS' Advent, by Eev. J. I-I. Gbegoby, Incumbent ojf All Saints', St. Kilda. .??.?' Acts xiv. 23. — And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they helioved. This is the first mention made in the apostolic history of elders or presbyters as an order in the Christian Church. It is supposed that thevapostles of Christ, in constituting the provincial churches (having, as they did at first in Jerusalem, appointed deacons to help them), had by this time found it expedient to appoint the oldest and most experienced among these ministers to take the superintendence of communities or Uhristians. . According to this view of the case, the office of elder or presbyter rose out of the institution of deacon, much in the same manner as that of bishop is seen afterwards arising out of the institution of elders. Apostles were at first the only ministers of Christ ; but as need occurred, an inferior grade was added, between whom and the apostles two intermediate orders came to be placed, until the first pillars of the Church passed away, and there were left three orders in the ministry— as at the present day — bishops, prieste, and deacons. How necessary this is to the well being of the Church, the communion to which, in God's good provi dence, we belong affirms in her usual conciliatory tone. She says : — ' It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture, and ancient authors, that from the apostles' time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's 'Church— bishops, priests, and deacons.' Until the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, this fact, indeed, was never doubted. The. circumstances of the times con tributed to the increase of objections raised against the ancient rule. Almost the whole continental episcopate was arrayed against the Reformation ; and in England the Elizabethan bishops, and those of the Stuart dynasty, leaning upon the arm of the State, endeavoured by legal process to enforce obedience to an episcopal government tending towards, if not being actually, a despotism. This naturally provoked resistance. The result might have been different if the plan of moderate episcopacy suggested by Ussher and Leighton, and by Hales and Selden, had been adopted. An episcopate, represented by one worthy to be a leader, and aided according to primeval pattern by a council of presbyters and a synod— a scheme which hag been in some measure attempted in the American and in our colonial Church— might have done much to lessen the dislike of the puritan party to the episcopal economy. But be this as it may, we know that many eminent men, like Melancthon and Calvin, in the sixteenth, and Baxter in the seventeenth century, approved of the ancient — the episcopal — form of church government-. Melancthon says : — ' Moreover, we here again wish to testify that wo will willingly preserve the ecclesiastical and canonical polity, if the bishops will only cease from persecuting our churches. This our wish will excuse us, both in the presence of God and of all nations to all postcrily, so that it may nofc be imputed to us that the authority of bishops is overthrown, when men shall read and hear that we, deprecating the unjust cruelty of the bishops, could obtain no relief.' .(Apology for the Augsburg Confession.) , Elsewhere he says :— 'For I see what a Church we shall have, if we overthrow the ecclesiastical polity.' That learned and candid divine, Baxter, says :— ' None can deny that bishops, presbyters, and deacons arc mentioned in the New Testament ; there was no parity then in church officers.' (Five Disputations.) Referring to episcopacy, he says:— 'The churches began' this, so early, and received it so universally, and without any considerable dissent ,ort opposition, even before emperors ' became Christians, that I. dare not be one that shall set against it, or dishonour such episcopacy.' (Church History .) And again he says:— '?' We incline much, to.,. think that archbishops — viz., bishops that have oversight of many churches— with their pastors, are lawful successors of the .apostles.' {Plea for Peace.) It seemed to mo to be well on the present occasion to allude to this subject ; but the f till discussion of it is, beyond the limits of a sermon. I therefore pass away from it to notice the design of the Christian ministry, according to the representation given of it in Holy Scripture. It has pleased God to constitute this ministry the ordinary channel for con veying His spiritual blessings. Thus, though the prayers and alms of that seeker after God, the devout Cornelius, had come up for a memorial, his admission to', the knowledge and the blessings of the gospel was to 'be effected by the ministry of St. Peter. St. Paul tells us that the .ascended Lord ' gave some to be apostles, and some propucis, ana some pastors, anu reaoiiers, ,xui' vue, puriuuLiug uj. im^ saints, unto the work of, ministering, unto the building up of the body of Christ.!' „ The apostle,lcnew that the church of succeeding ages would have the same wants, the same'privileges, tlie same responsi bility which the Church of ^the first,age possessed ; and so, by virtue of Christ's authority, he provided for the transmission and procla mation of true and apostolical doctrine, which was to be effected by the regular and duly appointed ministry of men, preserving and expounding , the Word of God. He directed — 'The things which thou hast heard of Me among many witnesses, the same, commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.' The under taking of this holy charge presupposes a mission— '-How, shall they preach except they be sent?' Such is the teaching of Scripture con cerning the Christian ministry, and may we not say that it is in accordance with the teaching of our own reason? Without , the. separation of a distinct order of men to sacred functions, no one could have felt it his special province to undertake them, nor vvouid any one have possessed the commission which is not more requisite to secure the acquiescence of others than to satisfy the individual. him- self that he is the accredited agent of Heaven. Even Milton, who, in his zeal against prelacy, depreciates ordination, is still constrained to acknowledge that it is ' an orderly form of receiving a man already fitted, and committing to him a particular charge.' (Apology for Smectinnnuus.) If no man is warranted in taking a certain office by his own authority, if there be some form of investment, some proof that it is not self assumed but derivative, what is there in the minis terial offices of the Church to exempt them from the general principle ? And is there not greater moral evidence in the. history, of the Church than in that of any other community that the authority, was from the first derivative,? \\{ Who vcan doubt, that the Christian ministry was derived from Christ Himself ?-. It was instituted. by, its^ Divine Founder for the most gracious ends...~;Withouttit, so far.as ^we. . can see, Christ's purposes, .in^t-he ;world;, could .not ;be, carried,; on. : What though it seem ^merely: a trivial: means- to a vast end? '..:. In, all : 7 nature do we not find the same? The greatest endsare only to 1% expected from certain means of little moment in themselves., Such, is the method of the Infinite Being in His dealings with a. finite, world. And in conferring: the. blessing of His Divine Grace through Jesus Christ our Lord, He has likewise been pleased to commit this treasure to earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of man, that His sovereign gift may be magnified by the very meanness of the instrumentality used to convey it to the world. Therefore He has been pleased to ordain that not angels but men should be the ministers of the New Testa ment. But this ordinance of the Christian ministry, mean and frail as it is in.its own composition, may be likened to the single pane of glass, which screens from the midnight storm, some light on which the safety of thousands depends. Break the glass and the light is extinguished, and they are lost. It is not easy to conceive how without a body of men separated and commissioned for sacred purposes, the light of Christ's religion could be maintained in the world. Without the aid of the dispensers of Christ's Word and sacraments, 'Christ's lore and that of His apostles twelve' might indeed exist ; but it would be a vague and unconnected family of religious truths, wandering about without a definite home. The faith of Christ's Church to be handed down from age to age, the deposit, concerning which the charge was given by St. Paul to his son Timothy — ' that good thing which was committed unto thee guard by the Holy Ghost, which dwelleth in us' — would degenerate into an eclectic philosophy, lightly passing over the surface of the under standing ; or, if entering it, yet never reaching the heart and moulding the life. And where would be the provision for the true happiness and salvation of God's creatures, the souls for whom Christ died, if the ministry of Christ was not, if His ordained servants did not go forth to preach His word and minister His sacraments, in His Name and by His Spirit to open the eyes of the spiritually blind, and to turn the sinner from the evil of his ways, to comfort those that mourn, to bind up the broken-hearted, to direct the living in duty, to anoint the dying with the golden oil of God's mercy in Christ, to build up the Church of God, to prepare and make ready the way of Christ that at His second coming lie may find, a people acceptable in His sight ? Yes ; the ordinance of the ministry is a vital part of Christianity ; it is absolutely necessary to the existence of the Christian covenant. ' .Religion,' says Hooker, ' without the help of spiritual ministry is unable to plant itself, the fruits thereof not possible to grow of their own accord.' Be it your part, then, my brethren of the laity — for to you I specially address myself — to value and to use aright this ministry of Christ. Try to learn — for you have as yet but imperfectly learnt the lesson — try to learn (to quote the words of our Church in the preface to her ordination service) 'to esteem the ministers of Christ in their office.' Do not regard them merely as individuals, but rather as tne omcers and representatives or (jurist, ine oia sacrea poec, George Herbert, thus admonishes you : — ' God sent him' — that is, His minister — ' whatsoe'er he be. O tarry, and love him for his Master.' Kecognise the Master, and then there will be an end of picking and choosing of teachers. There will be an imitation of that humble Christian man's example, of whom it is said in his epitaph that he 'honoured all preachers, heard his own' (Crashaitfs Epitaph on Mr. Ashton). When will those who indulge a capricious temper and have itching ears learn that there is a Providence in our position with respect to spiritual, no less than to temporal things ; that God can and does supply food for the souls of the faithful by His own appointed ordinances, wheresoever and by whomsoever administered ? If the grace of the ministry is not tied even to the gift of personal holiness, though the steward of God should be blameless, still less is it tied to the talent of intellectual ability or of eloquence. Our Lord, the Head of the Church, has sent many a convincing, many a strengthen ing, many a comforting word, through the agency of one whom the world has not praised, but who has calmly done his best, has delivered the message committed to him, has looked up to Him, in whose hand are the hearts of all men, and said — ' ' 0 my Master, on whose errand I come, let me hold my peace, and do Thou speak Thy self, for Thou art love, and when Thou teachest all are scholars.' Best not, then, on the man ; but look above the man to the office, and through the office to Him who appointed it, Who is ever with it, and Who blesses it to your soul's good. Christ is pre-eminently the Minister of the Christian sanctuary. Christ, by the hands of His ministers, baptises ; Christ blesses the bread and the cup which He gives ; Christ absolves you if you are penitent ; Christ, by the lips of His ministers, preaches to you His Word. He has delegated the care of His sheep to many pastors, yet He has not abandoned the custody of His beloved flock. How blessed, beyond all power of language to .describe, is this view of the Christian ministry — Christ's ministry. Most blessed, yet most awful, if that ministry be despised or used amiss, for the Lord Himself has said — ' He that heareth you heareth Me, and he that despiseth you despiseth Me, and he that despiseth Me despiseth Him that sent Me. ' 