(fclestasttcal Notices, MEETING OF DIOCESAN SYNOD. i hereby give notice that, with the advice of the Standing Committee of the Synod, 1 have appointed Tuesday the 13th, day of June as the day on which the Synod of this Dio- fcese shall next assemble for its Annual Session : and mx- il-.A nil Jnembfers of t 6 said, Synod (o assemble on that day at the Ca thedral Perth, for Divine Service, at 11 a.m. and in the Cathe dral Sunday Schoolroom for the transaction of business at 2 30 p.m. H. it. PFB.ttt Bishop's! HdtisE PMrth. May 23rd 1882, I recommend the use of the following Prdyer in all Churches bf this Diocdse,- during the vacancy of the See of Sydney. It. H. PEETH, Bishop House, Perth, May 22nd, 1882. 0 Merciful Lord Jesus, Thou great Shepherd Of the Sheep, Who, after Thine A scension, didst inspire Thy faithful Apostles to choose Matthias into the number of the Twelve ; MeTCifully Ordain that, into the place of the Primate whom Thou hast taken from us, a faithful and true Pastor may be chosen to rule over the Diocese of Sydney find this Province, to the globy of Thy gbeat Name and the benefit of Thy Holy Church for Thine own merit's Sake, Who livest and reignest with the Father in the unity of the FIolv Ghost, one Gnrl. world without. , efid.- — Amen. Cfjitrrfj Nefos : Diocesan"; Meeting Oe Synod.— The Standing Committee summoned by the Bishop held a special Meeting on Tuesday, the 23rd, to make preparations for an earlier Session of the Synod than wfis before intend ed. The election of a Primate, who will, In all pro bability be the Bishop of Sydney as from time to time appointed, is dependent Upon the affirmative action, at this the first appointment, of the whole Australian Church by its DioCesan Synods. Eoebourne. — An unusual amount of excitement has been manifested at this place in consequence of the interment of the remains of a Chinaman " in a corner of the cemetery " where the European popu lation place their deceased relatives and friends,- the Chinaman's grave lying not more than "eighteen yards" from the nearest whiteman's grave. The ZAeetitig was attended by the Clergyman, and ac cording to the Eeportin the W. A. by twenty- three settlers Comprising some of the most respectable men of the District. The Correspondent of the W. A. Says that " those who had near and dear relatives buried in the cemetery were naturally much dis tressed, and that everyone was indignaut " : that " the excitement culminated in a Meeting, hastily convened on the 5th April," which " adopted a strong resolution " condemning tbis act of Mr. Laurence's. It had been fenced in by public subscription : before thataild prior toitsbeinggazotteJ, in the former Eesi- dent's time a native police Constable and a white- man had been buried within its coufiues, but the na tive constable at a distance of sixty or seventy yards from the whiteman's griive, over whom the liurial Service had been read. Mr. Laurence's reply after receiving the resolution passed atthe Meeting Was not given, but we are told that he replied that the grotnd was Government land, and that he Yiolated no right in placing the Chinaman's remains within its limits. The Correspondent adds " that all is not over, as reverence for the dead is almost universal here." The resolution passed at the Meeting wa8 as follows '" That this meeting has heard with tmngled feel- " ings of concern, grief, and indignation, that one " Low Ah Yu, a Chinaman (a pagan), was recently "buried in the Eoebourne Cemetery by the order, or " with the consent; of the Government Eesident, "and this meeting desires to place on record its " most earUest protest against a proceeding which, "m its opinion, is a violation of the laws of com- " mdn decency and a direct outrage to the feelings " of the whole Christian population of the district." The late President Mr. Sholl expressed strongly his great regret. and pain at this interment, but readily observed tbat Mr. Laurence did not design edly slight the people or their dead : his intentions in the matter were undoubtedly good, and his action in the matter was probably an error of judgement." The Eev. W. Hay ton related the reasons which Mr. Laurence had given him personally for the step he had taken. These vere that he believed the man to have been a Soman Catholic not a heathen, that he had on several occasions attended the Services of our own Church, that he had found in him a faith ful servant, and a trustworthy interpreter. Mr. Haytonfsaid that he could easily understand the trou bled feelings of j those present, and he was sorry that the man had been buried in the cemetery but he hoped that the resolution would be passed without the use of the word " indignation." Speakers who follow ed Mr. Hayton denied the deceased man's abnega tion of heathenism and also denied his integrity. The resolution, was passed without alteration. This Meeting was comprised of settlers df High standing in theirdistrict, and also, of men we are persuaded of far too sound a judgment, and ot f ar too keen a sense of justice and honour not to have reflected in calmer moments, that the word indigna tion was unwisely chosen and more unwisely ad hered to. The late EesidCnt had characterized M'ri Lau rence's action as not designed to slight the people or their dfead, his intentions as undoubtedly good ; and had further called this an error of judg ment. Was indignation publicly and strongly ex pressed the fair mode of meeting this? Or was it not rather responding to one error of judgment indi vidually committed, hv another on the part of an important public Meeting. Mr. Laurence's reply should have been published. We can conceive bis defence to have been : This land constitutes the only cemetery : it has not been alienated from the Government : unconsecraied and undivided it is still Government land. Before en closure as being the public cemetery bis predecessor had buried a native there. 