A CALIFORNIAH'88 STORY. riXDIAN.U'OMS .10UEX.U..1 A Journal representative overheard a story which was narrated one evening early in the week by ono of a party of gentlemen who were engaged in listening to tho stories of tho speaker, of Hfo on the frontier, and tho trials and inci dents of tho miner's camp. Tho person who was entertaining the party was apparently f-0 years of ago, whose weathcrbeatcm countenance be tokened tho fact that his life had been passed out of doors, and whoso powerful, frame and brawny fists indicated that, although past life's meridian. he was still in .tho heyday of his strength. Ho formerly livodjn Indiana, and was homo on a visit'Sf tor thirty years' absenco in tho far West, most of , the time having been spent in the mines of California, Arizona and New Mexico. ' Talk about romantic stories !' said he. ' If you've got timo to listen, I will tell you some thing that happened during Ithe early days of Calfornia, and of which I was; myself a witness. It happened nearly 30 years ago, in the spring of '54, and at a timo when there was no more government in that part of California than there is now in tho heart of Africa. All tho ? go vernment' the miners knew was that of their own Vigilance Committee, of, which every man was a member, except those who needed watching and wore not permitted to join. I was little moro than a boy, a great big overgrown Hoosier, but liko thousands tof others, I was smitten -willi-lhegold fever in'-J9, and pulled out for the western Eldorado as soon as I could got away. I drifted about from place to place until finally I wound up on a littlo claim on the north fork of tho Salmon river, just over tho Trinity Mountains from Weaverville, and that is whero this thing occurred. Tho miners were scattered along the fork pretty nearly all tho way from tho forks to Sawyer's bar. and it wasn't a vory difficult matter to get a crowd.togotherin caso.the... vigilantes had work on hand. I The signal for summoning tho' boys on such occasions was a cortain peculiar whistle, and no matter what they wero doing just let that -whistle sound, and the prospect of hanging a sluice robbor or a cut- ' throat was gonerallyisufncient attraction-to cause them to drop.work and report at headquarters:- ? Sluice robbera . jvero protty; i Jentyj in that locality/ and;tho.,whistlo was heard with considorabtofpe'J quency. ' Ono oveuing(!along iu.tlie spring;. it. waajusti: Eroding dark aud.tha mineMwero. qujtting,y,orkn for tho day,,.whcn the.sound of. the whistle., was , heard. Wo all .listoiiod- and-Jocated tho, place., from whence tho souud came. Other, whistles - took it up and 'the signal was echoed from hill to hill, apprising tho-boya of tho fact that there-was workiM-n--haDd.'-It didn't take-long, ?? 1 'toll' you, -.. for.n a . crowd. ..of ? two^ or-- three hundred', oxcited-.-minerai to :gatlior.-atitho)cabitt ?? whoro tIiQ,wliiBtie .was- sounded, and t great was-» their surprise on- learning .that Moso Uodackor(i-a. miner, Uadi been, .found;. murdered in, his i;oabiui--. Thero ho:,lay, . beside rtho.firo-*Iaco,',at.which hoi had evidently, been ..proparjng. supper,. ihia i cyon ? wido open and staring with a ghastly glare that . was appalling. A knifo was sticking, in his ', breast buried to tho' hilf, which was convincing, proof-that ho'had beonmurdored. There was a deoided air of mystery about tUe wholoafTair Kodackerhad lived alone, andhad neithor friShds noc onomievso far as anyonc&nowj; and 'there- suit of aisday.'av.worky'a panEnlof washings lay' boforB,hini,,,unto1lched. ^Evidentlyi-he had«notr- boon luurdero&fon.his-;: monbjvandithoro.wiw.no. apparont.Bxplunationvfor.itbo xrimo. ;;'But 'the boj'B'.goti their,hoadsiogothor,Jand two.or 'thre»^ of,,iisr«moiahorod,liaTingiseenia strangor»in'th6^ noigUb.orb.ood.two or-.tbremtimea 'dnring' tho ?Ha r apd^uspiaiQa.; naturally. .enough 'rosted-bn 'him,' fceveralot the mincr3 instituted search for the ''' ' '.' --M- — 'T-TTh-— r-M. I I ? ^,1,1. i stnungciv and;,an hont.JaUii; brought.chimi/iiitoJ cainp.-ip, -: ' Heiwasia 'nicc-Iooking,.Toiiiig.fello- VTi^appatni enilyinot ovonaOiyears old,, with aface an smwtbi as;n Iial-.vV(,,an.Uittle;.dolic;itoli(,iid*thiit allowed! pretty ooncluatTclyjUiut ho was no.minor, used.to' handling a pick and shovel. Ilewasidrossed-ini ordinary,;: rough; .?clothesiu wearing, i a miuer's bluelflunueliBhirt. - As soonnas he was bronghbi inr, ho;;wasMaccuse-l:,:of t. then muwleiy .andi pUced«-i on. trial ;, befor.0-. c thai:. commiUeojJ II«.H';isij)retty roufihly handlod byithchnen^ anil-. I noticed_,.,that.hoAwinced. considerably, as. thoji. shoved him about from phico to place, and filially' bumped him.up and dawn on a. log lietwcen two' big-fcl!dwa,'whchold his arms. ? Tlib 'felloV made iiooirorttogotiiwny(aiidhiidnomorestrenotb*hatt' a.boy,i,but,th it ^mado oo.iditro'reiice.to Mia jnenwi lhey handled him.i'oughly.just the same.,:. Blood i sfains were, found: on. his clothea, and. tho sheath'i iri.hia belt, was empty,.! That.' was enough to con.! ' vict a preacher liefovo that.kinil.oi a jury, and 'it1 didii't.tuko.loii'a for Uicin to bring in nvordist.' '' Here. the, .speaker-paused. and relit his 'pipe-i .sending a cloud of smoke about Irs houdi*- - ' What.ivas the, verdict?;1 asked.one of .'his htsiiccra..'.:! V' WhVit-.was it?; Samo..old thing,. .Never-was-. buf.oue. verdict Hroturned by tho.visilanics|,.no. matter. what', the crime of. which, the priaonor.is' nccused^-Death : jrho:Spokesman.got ,up and. an nounccdi to the captive that ho. was.to. be hanged by- the iieck.unlilJie.was dead. .'.'TJio'..boy.'tuBuedI pale -lisa ghost, and.without.a word or a. sound ' toll .backwards from, iho logipji which. ho sat in' a dua'diaiut.-. Two or three o; tho.men jumped for, ?, wurdilo. his assistance,, ono, of .them ran, to tho sliuco.aud broughi'a batfuLof water. toaprinkle.!: in.his, taco, andiauotlicr fanned hiin,.but,rto noi purpuso;— the fellow didii,'t seem to revive. „ ' ' Unbutton his shirt-collar,', saidi souio,:one.j Une of the boys.stooped .and unbuttoned. thoicol- lar, .turning the folds buck asJiedid so. Suddenly he jumped bank palor th:ih the boy .himself. ; 'ily,God,,it's.a wouian.,-' said he^and his hat came olT us reverentially as though he had,steu.t. ped luto .a chiu-eh. : It .was. wliisjiured. around uinong tho lioya m short order, and tho surprise. was, general, I toll you. In thoso days there wero no H-omen.m California except in the cities ? and most ot those who wero there were noneof i the.bcst(..and:thafnct.tlmt.thcrcjwasu womaivin our^nidst was. cnougU'to astonish.us... Hut this only.'deepcned the mystery about the murder, andr wo were as far from an afphnation.of itaswo were before dtecovering.tho sex of tbe.prisoner. A few ' minutes later she recovered from. her. swoon and, resumed her., quiet, demeanor. . 'J'he Jnen . ,of ' course, wanted to know the 'reason. for.her appear ance, in tho country .in that disguise, and' what connection, if any, her presence had with , the/' murder.. . A coinmitteo.was appointed to take her aside.imil hear what she had to say .and to them she told Jier.stoi'y. i ''A.fewyearsago,'.said.she, ' I lived withmy;; [ather,.Mother and sister on our-farm.in Missouri^ \\\ e wore as happy., tpgethecas any fauiily.ever .was anu,.diil»'t. know ' any.Uiing, at all uboiiUhe real meanness of men. One day there came to our house a nice looking young fellow.who wanted'' work 'on tho form. Mother did not: like his i appearance, and bogged, father uot to .take' him, but we needed belli on. the. place ;? and in spite of mother's protest . he, .was taken into the family. .. Ho was a iiiccyoung,fel.' low, appaioiilly, and father touk agroat liking to him,, taking him into the, house.and troatin' Sim exactlyliko- a moniber.of the family.: Al'tei' a' while ho bogan courting mo,, and 1 fell , in love with him, tool that I was. Wo were to be mairied and to remove to a city in tho West to live.rbut we kept all our plans strictly to ourselves.! I not ' even telling my 'faster, 'at his rcquutii. I thouuht i thafihe liked him, too, and I knew that we were engaged, 'so I preferred to say nothing to any ono ? at all on the subject. Aflcra while holegau coinc' to-thocity with father;, and wo noticed ..that, on thoso occasions tho'old man, would come home under tile 'intluc'noc of liquor. M^utters . went ? irom bad to worco until . father becamca coni ~, hrtneddrunkard, and lost the farm. A short time' afterwards theyouilg man disappeared 'Without a word of .warning or explanation. Oho day my sistoi-came to mo and told'mo in confidence that', sho was to have been married to him shortly, and' that sho was about to become the mother. of- his child. . Ho had betrayed us both ! A fewmonths later.my sister died in 'giving birth to her baby and-father was committed to an insano asylum' I stayed with mother until she died, a year later' ' of a broken heart. ' ' 'Then I took a solemn oath thab. sooner or - later I would find that man and kill him. for his perfidy if it should be the lust act .of. my hlo. I hoard nothing of him for .another year, when I learned by clian'ce that-, he was - in tho - mines o£ California,, so. I camato this State, and, disguised as a man searched among ;tho mines' for months mntil I lound-hinr.' . W hen I found out where ho was I ' went- to hi.i cabin and ' avuitad his . return Shbrtly after ho came, in I told him who.I was and' sent my knife to his heart, as I had sworn to' do. Mose Rodacker was Ihafcimm, and it was X ' who killed him.' ' When tho committee returned with the .pri soner and told hfer.story to tho inon,. thero wasn't ? ?jte' ?»? anlone tnem »!'?; Did wo hang.JierJ.'r' Well, I shouldsay not ! Ko, sir ; that girl could hare cnllcdon thecrowd for every cent thcro.was , lnit.andher request would havo been graatod. ? when we asked lint- whnf k\\\\* wnntnA tn ,i« ? .i'.' where'sho.was going, she. joplied that it w'as a mattor of_ iniliflbrence to'hoi-.., 'Theobiect for which I lived. has been accomplished,' she said and I don't caro what I 'do. 1 have no home no one to whom to go. Hang me, if you like.' But wo had no such ideiu' Instead of doing, that . wo passed a hat around among tho boys ana took., upa collection amounting to soveral hundred^ dollars,- which wo forced hor .to accept. . Wosent hor with the. no;t pack train to Yreka,,from..' whence she could cosily.gct down. to Sacramento ? andthe whito'sottloments. : I never .heard of her' again.. Uodackcr was buried without a rocrot ? and over his grave ono of the boys placed aboard 1 on winch ho had. carved with liis pocket-kaifo ? Here lies a man who received his just reward/.' 