ECHOES AND RE-ECHQES. |THE TIMES AT A PENNY. The Times coming out at a penny I Can it be that the story is true ? If it be, it will leave—oh! how many— The degrading reduction to rue. The gilded Sir Uppercrust, when he Laments a departure bo new, Will reflect that the Times at a penny May be read by the working-man too. The workman, though far from his ken, he Will find the Timers leaders to roam Will buy it each day for a penny, And take it triumphantly home. But his missis will swear that the penny Were better by far kept in hand Than expended in papers orany Thing else that he don't understand. In place and in purple are many Some in Commons or Lords sit and vote— Who'll exclaim, " Oh, the Times at apenny; It was not for that that we wrote 1" Blue-stockings will sigh, " But a penny Is left now the twopence is off! And superfine scribblers a many Will forbear at their brethren to scoff. Bravo, Times ! though you're only a penny. Play weathercock still as of yore; Be your issues both copious and many, And your men as great prigs as before. A well-known candidate lor legislative honours was trotting out his views the other day at a public meeting, when he rather astonished some of his audience by expressing his opinion that the future success of South Australia depended in a great measure on the Government conducting a general conversa tion of water. The question has been raised whether the embryo M.L.C. had not really run biB head against the question of the "conversion" of water into some other sub stance—an operation with which he is familiar. But taking it that he spoke advisedly, it is a nice point to settle what water does talk about as a rule. The Duke in "As You Like It" found books in the running brooks, and it is not unusual to hear of brooks babbling and streams murmuring, but no actual conversation is on record. Readiness of resource is always to he admired. A pious member of a church within the four terraces of Adelaide was unexpectedly called upon to assist in taking up the collection, but not knowing or not noticing where the venerable willow-pattern plate doing duty on such occasions was kept, he stooped down and seized his hat and began striding down the aisle. It looked as if he were beating a retreat, but he was true to his duty, and started on his roundamongstthe pews gravely collecting the tbreepennys or sixpences in the hat, amidst the suppressed titters of the juveni'e irreverents. Unfortunately when his duty was done or service being over, he donned his hat when just outside the door, sundry small coins which had slipped under the lining trickled down the back of his neck, and trinkled on the stone steps to his con fusion and the intense amusement of his fellow worshippers. That man is a moral wreck. Young D'Ahfellah, of the Civil Service, has for the last two years cultivated, with the growth of his moustache, an affectionate pride for that facial adornment, because it promised to develop into respectable pro portions, and to be of that most desired colour—black. His friends, too, have re marked to him his resemblance to several famous men—Lord Byron for one. The other day while at the hairdresser's a casua acquaintance of D'Ahfellah's popped in, and almost his first words were—"Goodness ! At first I thought it was Hicks." A pained ex pression clouded D'Ahfellah's countenance, and with the look of a man making a great sacrifice he dropped into the vacant chair with the exclamation—" Here, barber, lop off this moustache." Good cows have been heard of frequently enough, and some lucky persons have been known to possess cows that have been real fortunes to their owners. From the histori cal cow that belonged to Jack, and whom Jack sold for five broad beans, from which beans grew the wonderful beanstalks, down to Smiley's cow that " didn't have no tail, but only jest a short stump like a banana,'' cows are mentioned, when they are mentioned at all, with respect. Haughty boys who would pelt a cow if they got a chance to, have been warned of the consequences that would be sure to fall upon them in return if they ill-treated so useful an animal. The follow ing, though, is surely the first instance in which a cow has been lost in her own milk " Lost, Thursday last, from Fullarton, small red cow, in milk. Reward on delivery t o Mr. Fenn, Wattle-street, Fullarton." It is no unusual thing to find mice in the milk can, but the first person that gets up some fine morning to find this red cow in the milk jug or in the coffee-pot will be astonished. That was an awkward predicament in which a well-known and most hospitable lady in Adelaide found herself not many years ago. There was a small but select dinner party at her house, and she had laid herself out to make it a success. In parti cular, she had devoted much time to in structing an old and faithful domestic, who in the absence of adequate help—when will it be possible for housekeepers in Adelaide to obtain adequate female help ? — had been installed as waitress con cerning the order of the courses. When the company had assembled, what was the surprise of the mistress to see the fish appear. " Never mind," she thought, " some- • thing has happened to the soup, aud Susan has quick-wittedly left it out." Not so, however, for when the fish had been dispatched the radiant Susan began to hand round the soup. In vain the chagrined lady of the house made signs to her to take it away. Summi went calmly on with ber work, while the well-mannered guests tried to look un conscious. At last in desperation the mistress called the girl's attention to her mistake, and directed her to remove the soup. " Oh! no, ma'am," replied the exasperating Susan, " It's you that's wrong. Soup always comes after the fish." This filled the enp of misery for the hostess, and sounded the death- knell of Susan's service. A peremptory order to take away the plates was followed the same night by a peremptory notice to quit. Susan's blunder, however vexatious as it was, was venial and excusable as compared -with that of an Adelaide pastry-cook, of esta blished reputation, who, not long ago, com plied with an order for ham, beef, and tongue sandwiched, for a choice little supper, by putting in each sandwich equal quantities of ham, beef, and tongue. Some years ago, in Melbourne, Garnet Walsh wrote a book called " On the Cards." It was the story of a man who spent the night behind the scenes iir an empty theatre. He had taken a pack of cards with him to play " Patience" to while away the time. While sitting out his weary vigils a spirit, called a Djinn, appeared from the inside of a myste rious square black bottle, which the man bad also taken with him. This Djinn showed the man all kinds of curious sightB. He picked up the cards one by one, and as each one was picked up it became of gigantic size, and a picture, and to each one there ' was a storv of some kind attached. Among other sights the Djinn showed him a spectral performance witnessed by a spectral audience. Up in the boxes were several spectral onlookers, having certain peculiarities; and one of these peculiarities was that they never applauded. The man noticed these unappreciative ghosts, and asked what they were, and why they did not clap when the others did. " Oh!" said the Djinn," they are dead-heads; dead-heads never applaud." A correspondent, who likes to clap when he is pleased with what is done on the stage, says that he thinks there must be a fearful lot of dead-headism among Adelaide theatre-goers. Adelaide audiences, he says, in the more aristocratic parts of the house are so chary of applause that it is quite refreshing to hear a hearty clap, albeit the unlucky man who applauds is looked upsn pretty much as if he had com mitted a crime of some sort when he ventures to express his satisfaction in that manner. Whatever is coming over the good people? Last week a comment appeared in these columns upon the (to say the least of it) eccentric conduct of certain Synodsmen in an adjoining colony; but that was a mild occur rence in comparison with what took place in Sandhurst recently. An Adelaide paper on Wednesday laBt published a telegram to the effect that a young man got up and swore at the minister of All Saints' Church, Sandhurst, when the latter stood up and re monstrated with the congregation upon their leaving the church just before the sermon commenced. This nice young man (who, by-the-bye, seems to been a school-teacher) also threatened to pull the parson out of the pulpit. What ever can have brought a reverend gentleman into such bad odour with his congregation as to meet with such an experience. The people wont stay mid listen to his preaching, and I when he naturally enough ventures to re monstrate, he gets sworn at and threatened with violence by one of his flock. Conduct like this in a school-teacher isn't the pink of perfection either; but according to a good many accounts from Victoria lately there seem to be a good many people keeping school who would be much more in their element keeping "pubs," or commanding Mississippi steamboats, where profanity is at a premium. As for the clergyman, the sooner he gets a powerful call in another direction the better for him one would imagine from the appearance of things. Last week some verses appeared in these columns addressed to those playful youths who twist off door-knockers and wrench off | brass nameplates, and break windows, and throw stones, destroy trees, and yell and shout and play high jinks generally during the small hours of the morning. It is rather curious that last Sunday morning four young men were locked up on a charge of doing this very thing. Another noticeable feature about this case, and one which has caused a good deal of comment, is that these playful young "gentlemen" were almost immediately re leased. If they had been poor unfortunate larrikins of what are generally supposed to be the more orthodox sort, they would pro bably have got six months, with a general comment of "serve 'em right." As it is, being "gentlemen," they have got off by paying the damage they did in the exuberance of their gentlemanly spirits, and probably consider their "lark" cheap at the price. The metrical contributor who addressed the rowdies last week thus soliloquises:— RESPECTABLE FRIENDS. Oh! ye who break windows, wrench knockers Away from their place on our doors! At order and decency mockers, While breaking street-trees down in scores! Proceed with your games, and your larks, and Pursue all your mischiovous ends! Ye'll get off, ye playful young sparks, and Be freed by respectable friends. No householder fear ye; irate he May stand with his door on the swing, As, all in a tremulous state, he Swift answers your runaway ring. He may stand in the doorway, ana, swearing, Show how it his feelings offends; But what use his raging and tearing, If ye've got respectable friends? Or else he may stand, as irate did, Fnll oft a one erst, while a clash And a rattle on roof corrugated Told where your stones came with a crash. He may stand, and may make an oration All dashes; bnt get no amends; He may smother his wild indignation, If ye ve got respectable friends. Go on with your shouting and yelling, When night its dark curtain doth fold Around us—the tolling clocks telling The " witching hour" soon will be told; And know that blue Robert on beat is The butt of your mischievous ends 1 You can't be convicted—a treat 'tis To know ye've respectable friends. Go break down or pull up front railings, And leave not a gate on its hinge! Batter fenceB of iron or palings. As ye make the Dig boulders impinge 1 fiend metal with splintering crashes Through windows, what pleasure it lends To your lives 1 and ye fear not law's lashes; For ye've got respectable friends. If ye see an old gent, or old lady, Just hustle them out of the way; And pelt any swell as, dismayed, he Comes there in his stylish array! On corners the gas-lamps pray shatter And put out the gas, while descends A shower of your missiles! what matter, So ye've got respectable friends! In short, to your larrikin fancy, Uncurbed, give the freest of reins! ust do all the mischief ye can see, Ye'll never feel penalty's pains. Destructive as Goths and as Vandals Be ye! law's arm never descends With its penalties, pains, and its scandals On those who've respectable friends. 