" SHANGHAIED." The word which puzzles you in the title of-thia-paper will-not beo found-in-Johsisons Wel-it?if or other like literature. It is of such modern origin, that the time-honoured, old, Anglo-Saxon parts of speech contained. in their 'folios'wonldrepadlate'its? oeie t 1Butithas such a.definite meaning for that lz f th'eEnglish-speaking family who are lf:the: seafaring, persuasion,. that I am con evinced' it 'will .not easily die out of the Ian eguagh. .ilts natural place is California, that great factory of words and phrases more re markable for novelty and energy than for elegance ;'nd it- came into existence about forty years ago. Many people still living shared in the first great Sacramento gold-rush, and can remem ber the number of vessels of all sizes, from' the great Indiamnaito the tiny schooner, that were'left'fodrsakeli in' the harbour of San Francisco-captains, mates, seamen, and cabin-boys,; throwing all scruples to the winds, having '' made tracks for: the. dig gin's," t6'sharin'the golden harvest Some commanders ida"officers, however,'to their honour be it told, resisted.the "feoer," re mained'staunch, to, their. ships,: and made every, effort:to obtain men to replace their faithless crews. They offered fabulons wages -twenty, times ,the iusual amount. They were willing to put into any, port the crew might .name, so.it was some .place where there was a;reasonable chance of obtaining other men. Botit was all of no nse; .,they could'sti induce sufficient hands to join to make up the limited ahip's company they were p "reparedtpt"istto sea with. It was after they, had: exhausted every menans of persuasion that recourse' was ha' to the mtt' objectionableprocess, known as Shang Shanghaiing simply means' drugging sea men, and,con in them on board aship whici pts' to sea, efore they.recover, and was at,the time above mentioned, as is still to a greater. or less extent, practised in every foreign port where men have been scarce, and'the rate ?f wges high enough to make it worth the while'of boardinghouse matters to take the risk. Sailoreusuallygetamonth's pay in advance before sailing; and in the' event trf! a man''' being Shanghaied,' those who bring himnon board getaidhatamount. So poor Jack has to pay his own knidnap pers, who seldom get punished for he rarely retarhistothe same port;" aind if he did, would:usually be' moresintent on having a -spree than' in putting the-: law in force against his betrayyes:' - Moreover, it would .e very, hard for him to prove, anything agait thetni. for it is not such an unusual thingfora asiilorto ship on board a vessel whiZdh'e 's'intoxicated, as they would assert he as ;iandb?e' would not .be able to pro. duct wiitiesses to gainsay them. How Shangha eingh got its name I do not Tbnu" .:Perhaps from some ingenious native of the Flowery Lind to whom Shanghai had given birthand who was one-of:the first to discover that keeping a grog-shop and sup plying crews to deserted merchantmen was just as Idcrative aiid a more relikble specu lation thi&"'gold.gubbing in the diggings : besides being-an -easy, gentleman- like busi nesa, requiring only genius, not'muacle. In they-sar 1870 1 was second-mate of the barque Kingfisher of LiverpooL- We were lying off Culao, havingdischarged our cargo, waiting for a charter. At that time, 'there was aget-demsand fer guano, and we were expectng to sail in" a day or two for the Cincha Islands, to load with 'that frigranf coimodity'. But, the skipper. knew that ships "were scarce, anI he stood out for a higher frei ht. than the: merchants! were willingto gve: ' . It was Satsrday afternoon, and eight bells (four, o'clock) had just struck. We had finished washing down and 'putting things snug for Sunday, when the captain-"old mansa we:called him-came on deck. i "ThVt'rascal, 'Achoy, hasn't Ibroughtour. clean clothes off yet, has he!." asked the ofpin . ,r ... ".. .j ; cllu ,jst-take. one:of the 'boats, the gig, and give him a hint' fnomi m,'that senp: pose:-Ir ,.ndoatchee clothes ::toi t hi no catChee: dollar;" and at the skiiotim~ leaive this letter?A thdareits.'' .' r"Ay;ay, asir,"'?replied; and ias dviii b6ilotto puton a ::jcket, when?ahe ,at' ni, 'syu'gY "Hold boat. Yoili:dL bettr take a couple of the apprenticesa to pull you asjrbifor i o any't'.a'aE, any. eL Jthe men to. I'dsy':he `o s a are egh"b hicrseand therhve libeen ag many desertions from the dftl lyin closer in:" - , -, .. . - , . '' ,ll ry g ioo sir. : : And in afew minutes the ti: boifs ands iyself were 'on our ray, ashore. We passed close -to a large f rigged.ehip:called the :Johi E. Chew, flying thela,sta .anml stripes: :She had come up lasledromlthe Chineh?i Islands more than a week before, and I was surprised to find she hadnofCssailed yet; for, 'making every al lowaince for'the'dilatrineass of the Peruvian doiessbhe' hid' had' ample time to get her papers and clear the custom-house. I re marked as much to the lad pulling the stroke "'Old Pietro, the bumbpat-man, told me," said he, " that she is shorthanuded ; some of he:er~ew having skedaddled for the Manto dil in'a:Pietro says they are paying five dollars a day down there to strong hamns." "Pietro," I replied, "had better keep his ehattoing tongue from spreading idle yarns sboid:the'Kingflisher, or his visits wsll be pretty?iobi apt a stop to.-In bow; stand by tofend her of; " and'se drew up to the t' ie time the gig of the John E Cheir; WI~ich'I'had'seen putting'eff from her as `we pisdd; birought 'up alongside of us. The man in her sternsheets, whom I sup p?"ltd1'otthe scaptain, was as tall, wiry, leafd,,i'd crcy..-lookin'g a specimen of mus Tculi'rii nity' as ever- hailed from Boston.: Thmen plled did not look like fore mast hands,,and I .took them to be petty olper~i?liocould.be trusted not to take Frin-ee. The Yankee skipper and I lanlled tgether.; and I noticed, as I hurried off.n ny errand, that he took a good look at The agent lived some distance off; and I suppose St :was about half-past five o'clock when I turned into the street in which our Chinese washerman was domiciled. It eas as disreputa'ble-looking a thoroughfare as could well be imagined. Thie houses were shabby, 'ond-storied wooden shanties, inha bited by sesinen's barling-hlouse keepers, Chiiese stevedores, ani " waterside cha racteris" of all sorts; and every csecond house wasaigrog-shop. I was very thirsty, andl wasiregretting that these latter had asuchis a mean, uninviting appearance, iwhen a placard with a bright reI triangle, and the words "Bass's In'diale ale A " conspicuously sI pla)ed on it, caught mly eye. It was hung on?.u open door of one of the drinkinig dens; and glaeigian, I caught a glimpse of the slnister features of the caltai of the John C. Chew..' I.stopped. Tioe temptation was great. It wa.s months sinte I had tas.ted a drop'of good l6onglish beer. " Well," said I to myself, "what is siood enough for the shipper of a big ship lise that ought to tbe good enough for the second-mate of a bit brquey, so here goes." I imarched in. The place was very dark; but I saw the outline of a man behind the counter, though Iculd not distinictly see his face. lIe was leahing over, talking ii low tons to the Amne ric' captain. Tlhey both looked up as I caie, in; and in reply to my request for a bottle:of,.ls, the bar keeper said, "All riglit, Step inside, and Ill bring it to you." 1;~, ·: ' · (·l I ~had no wish to disturb their co?ver atsons ie ie ,fancied,afterwards, thaitas?'I l tlpad into ts e room behind the shop, I observed a shurp glance to pass be tween the two whisperers, who were the only occupants of the place. The room I entered was a vile den, smelling most horribly of :ba?aphit?,and stalse tbaed o-'A-?my-ayes got used to the darkness, I saw it contained a rough table, all notched and stained, and a few.battered -chairs, on one-of whieh IM _k TOwn. "y er was a ong im in'being brought ien; and I shouted and hammered on the table several times before the bar-keeper appeared, with the bottle in one hand, and a large tall glass in the other. , He said some thing ing gruff tones about "' having had to go to the cellar for it; "and proceeded to draw the cork. As far as I could see, the glass was quite empty, and the capsule on the hot :tle undisturbed ; but as I had no suspicion of any foul play being' intended, of course II didnot examine them particularly. As I .said before, I was very.tharty ; and I took a good long pullbefore setting the glass down. I then poured ! theo rest of the beer into it, and was thinking of finishing it offand de parting, when I felt a numb sort of sleepi. ness come over me. I knew at once I had been drugged, and made a rush for the doori but before I reached it, I staggered, and fell fulltlength on, the floor, where, after oneor ,two ineffectual attempts to cry for aid, I be-; came insensible. I was awakened,to consciousness by being roughly, bundled, into .the aternaheets of a boat. ., 'Steady, Jack,"?' heard some one say,) "or you'l.be rouing him up." *"No fear," roplied a gruff voice I recog nised as thebar keeper's ; I gave him too good a dose for that, I guess he won't stir this aide of sunrise."' .- - I knew by the sound of the oars that the) boat had put off from shore; :and knowing; now that I was being Shanghaied, I tried to' call out for assistance., Bat:my throat and: mouth were wrapped round with many folds' of a worsted comforter, which, while leaving my nostrils.. free, allowed only a muffled sound td escape. I tried to put my handsto remove it, but could not stir them.. A long monkey-jacket had been. buttoned tightly round me,, with my arms inside instead of in the aleeves,'forming a veritable straight jacket; My legs seemed to have some weight on them which prevented me moving them, and a slouch-hat had been placed on, my head, completely covering my eyes, I strug gled, bitit was no use. I.was helpless as an infant. , .. ' There I tbld'you so," said the first .voice;.; "he'd woke up." .And the oars . Wokepl I he " rejoined the bar. keeper. "L'll soon give him some anothin' srop,as'll put him to sleep again; Just yo ketch hold of hisnose"n . Iwas laying on my back. Almost immo diately, I felt a rough hand closing my neos trils. At .the sama time, some one pulled the comforter down from my mouth, and as I' gasped for breath, forced the neck of a bottle between my teeth. I had no option but to swallow sputteringly some of its con tents. The bottle was then withdrawn, the comforter replaced, my nostrils released, and ia' few minates I relapsed into unconscious ness., On' again awakening, I found myself lying in the bunkof a small cabin. Tima of pre served meat, barrels of sugar and flour, and other stores of that sort, scattered around the place, showed me it was used as a stew ard's storeroom. The bank had no mattres or bed- clothes in it. There was a port over it; and as the monkey-jacket and comforter had been taken off me, I raised myself and looked out. Callao was: visible in the dis tance; but I could.see,.from the position of the shipping, that the vessel I was in was lying very far out In fact, as I afterwards discovered; she had beenv moved to her pre sent berth during the night. But the thing hat interested me most was a British gun bt lying about the third of a mile off, and e nearest vessel in sight, her broad union ack drooping over the stern. I guessed it to about eight o'clock in the morning. I was at to trythe door, when a key turned in t.'and it opened for the entrance of no other banthe captain' of the John E. Chew. I Snot surprised for I had already formed opinion of iwhore I was. .Wel my lad,y how do you feol now?' be;paid in a, brusqueianner. : ',How do I eel?." I replied.- "Why, iow shouldyon expect a manto feel who has sen nearly drugged to death ?-as yoen very it know," 1 added, looking 'straight at ::Ho, ho ! that's hoswie 'land lies is it! -Drugged, eh! 'I don't know anything bout drugging ; buttI know' you came on rdl'last night in a state of beastly intoxi 'aton ; sor pt yon in here, to take care of ou, instead of letting you go to your proper place, the foc'ale." "' y properplace I How is that?" I in "How's that!" he repeated. "That's cool, thatis. But I suppose the drink has knocked it all out of your head. Why, man, you've shipped before the mast with me, Captain John Price, master of the United States' ship John E. Chew, port of New Haven, on a voyage from Callao to Tryeast [Trieste]. Your wages is thirty dollars a month ; and you've had a month's pay in ad vance, which I've got witnesses to prove." Be spoke this as if he were repeating a les. spn which he wished to impress on my me mory. But now, changing his tone to one of inena:e, which was emptasised by the dis llay of a revolver which he drew from a iockct behind him, he continued : "And lok ye here, my lad; you'd better turn to ald do your duty; for, if you try any of your shines on with me, you'll find you've St hold of the wrong hoss I And now we understand each other, come on deck, and give a hand to get under-weigh, for Im going to make sail right away-I am." "'I shall do nothing of the kind," I said; 'and you had better put me off to my own ship, the Kingfisher-" "Now, just you shut up !" he interrupted. " I want none of your lying yams. I tell you plainly, that if you don't go to your duty at once. I'll put you in irons down in the lzareete until I get you in blue water; and then I'll stringyou up by the thumb to the misen riggin', and lather you prolerly; and lead you a dog's life afterwasls. Whlereas, if you behave as a senasible mat, I dont seeC why you shouldn't be as coumfortable on board this craft as any other. lie slpoke and lookedl so determiujedly, that I felt he would be as good as his word, and that my best chance wouul be to appear cowul andl con. vinced ; so, after a pause, I said: " It's very hard that a man should he dragged off and shipped whether hle willor no. But if it con no bIe ihelped, I sulpl-us I must make the best of it. Only, I warn you. Captain Price, that kidnapping a British subject is a very serious ollnee." "1Oh, I guess I'll take my chance of that," he replied ; and st'pping on deck, inotioned me to follow him. " IIere, Mr. Snell," hlie called, "' this new hand has got sober at last, and wants somae thling to ,Io.c "Ay, ay, ir," relplied the mate from the foreparut of the ship, whtre hie was aulsper intending the men who manned the wand lass. Then comingaft, he said : "She's hove short, sir." "Very well. Loose and sheet home the top-ils. We'll take a starboard cant with this breeze.--Here I "--to me -"let's see how smsart you can be in loosing that mizzen topsail. And mind you--oo tricks, or- " and he gave a significant look and a tap on his revolver pocket. I would like to have strangled him; but I could only do as I was btd. As I went up the mizzen rigging 'Igazed dmpairipgly at ,theg~ntboat; )butt 'lcould e p; no help from her' Sobewas-too far off fo a shout to be heard, even ifI-dared to raise one. And as to swimming, it would have been certain death, for the place swarmed with sharks. When I got on the yard. I saw a small shore :iakffalongido namid'siips,wilibli'T had"nM observed before. Three ienecame on boa?l from hcer,'ani 'ny blodd boiled 'as I recdo nised the .yvilinooa barkeeper.asonootthem.. SCome on board to be paid for me," I said to myself ; "and I've been sent up here to be out of the way." I was confirmed in this belief by seeing them and the captain disap. pear down the companion-way, the latter making a warning igesture to me as he did so. He evidently thought I was completely tamed, and only wanted a reminder to keep me quiet. But at that very moment a ray of hope had flashed into my mind. All the ship's boats except the gig had been brought onbord and secured. It was hooked on to the davit falls, but was still in the water. If I could but reach that boat, unhook the falls, and shove off, I could surely make such an outcry before I was captured as 'would attract the gunboat's attention. To cast loose and lower one of the other boats would take them at least five minutes, so I had only the skiff to take into account. The idea was no sooner conceived than acted on. Grasping a hack.stay, I slid rapidly down. Fortune favoured me. All the men who were not aloft were at the windlass. The fore and main topsails had been sheeted home, and as I reached the boat the cry of "All aweigh!" and the rapid clanking of the windlass palls, told me that the anchor had left the ground and the vessel was moving. A moment after, I was discovered, and I heard, shouts and a hurried trampiug along the deck. With nervous eagerness, I uinhooked the falls; but my heart sank as I found the boat's painter was made fast on "deck. I felt in my pocket for my clasp.knife. By the greatest good lack, it' hadl not been taken from me : an instant aufficed to open it, cnt the painter, and giveo vigrous abhove against the ship's side.. As .I 1rifted under the stern, Captain Job Price's face ppeared just above ine.' He had hisirevolver n his hand. - "Come back I" he, ried. with a horrible oath, ,','or I'll drill a hol thirough' you." '" My only reply, was to throw:myself down in the boat, and make. as mall a target of myselfas possible;' for I: ir by the man's face he?'meant murder, . " I'll glvo you. one, more chance," he yelled.. But I lay close, for I knew the ship was gathering way' every ascend, and.his voice alriady sounded farther off than before, Another second or two passed, and then he fired. The ball struck a thwart above me, and glanced off. Again and again I heard the reports of the revolver, and each time the boat was hit; but I was aot touched, the distance between us, being nowenough for the gunwale of the boattobe a protection to me. .. 'When he had emptied'all six' chamMers of his revolver, I stood up, and saw the John E..Chew some fifty yaids off, gradually ateal. ing away before' the wind. but. I also saw another sight that was not i;? any meoa so pleasant. This was the':skiff putting, off from theshipin' pursuit of inewith the bar keeper and his two' companions in it. I tried to drag out a thwart; but they all de fied my efforts to move them. With the strength of desperation, I then tried the seats in the. stern ; and after repeated at tempts, succeeding in loosening one of them. AA. inal wrench, -and it came away in my hands. It was about five feet long, nine inches in width, and an inch thick. I then commenced to paddle with it, first on one side, and then on the other, standing up and using all my strength, and shouting as loud as I could, to draw the gunboat's notice. But the boat was too heavy for this mode of pro pnulsion to have much effect on her, and the skiff gained fast on me. The bar-keeperwas standing in her bows, one man was rowing, and the other was seated in the stern. They said not a word as they came up. And when the bows of the skiff touched the stern of the gig, the bar- keeper made a spring. As he did so, I swung round my improvised pad die, and hit him with the edge of it fairly across the side of his head. ' Ie gave a howl, and fell over into the water, nearly swamp ing the skitf as he went down. In the con. fusion that enaned,'the rower dropped one of his oars; and before they could recover it, pick up the half-drowned barkeeper, and bah out the water they had shipped, I had, by vigorous paddling, put a good hundred yards between the two boats. When the occupants off the skill had re covered from their catastrophe, I was sur prised to find that they showed no intention of following me. On the contrary, my friend the bar-keeper was huddled into the stern; and the other two taking an oar apiece, be. gan to pull as hard as they could for the shore, at right angles t the course I was pursuing. I was greatly relieved; and on looking round, soon discovered the cause of this change of tactics-the steam-launch be. longing to the gunboat was coming rapidly in my direction. As I afterwards found out, the reports of the revolver had been heard by those on board : and as the launch was just coming off from shore, she was ordered to proceed on, and see what was the matter, Captain Price had also observed that the British lion was on the alert; and the John E. Chew's main topsail, which had been backed, was filled again ; and she bore away under a press of canvas, leaving her boat with me as a trophy. On the launch a arrival alongside of me; I told the middy in charge my story; and he, taking the gig in tow, took me on board the gunboat. I repetd my tale to the captain. He seemed rather incredulous ; and sent an oflicer on board the Kingfisher to make in qliries, who brought my skipper back with him. However, as the "old man " verified my yarn in some of its details, the naval captain began to take the thing up more warmly. But when it came to my produc ing legal proof of what had occurred, he seemed anything but satisfied. " You asee," he said, "you have not the ghost of a case against the master of the American ship. Hie, of course, would say that you came or were brought on board drunk, and that you a-rced to sail with him. Nay, 1 have no dloult his ofliHeers would swear to that or any other tale he might choose to invent. And if you were really one of his crew, he had:l a right to try to pre vent you deserting. On tlhe other hand, if he had wounded you, I should feel it my duty to give chcanel bring him back; and as it is, 1 shall demand redress from the Unitoel States' consul. With regard to this grog-mlrugging vagabond of a bar- keeper," he continued, " thie cae is different, andi I think somrething might be done; so Ishall take you on shore with me at once. to point out the house and get him arrested." Nothing was done, however; for on pro. ceeding to the street in which I had been drugged, I found the houses so like each other that I could not take it on my con scieuce to swear to any particular one as being the plate; and as for the bar-keepeor, he was not seen or heard of as long as the Kingfisher was in the neighbourhiood. So I had, as our "old man " said, "to take the lesson for what it was worth." And ihe added: "Serve you right for going into such a den." I now command as line a ship as the John E. Chew; and two years ago, I had the pleasure of meeting Captain Job Price-it was in Melbourne--and before we parted, lihe had received as good a "lathering ' as ever he promised me; and though I had made myself liable to a fine of five pounds, which I duly paid, I do not think I ever speot five pounds in my life with such a sweet con scionusness of having got value for it. 