TALES AND SKETCHES OF HIGH DEGREE. ASTORY By CHARLES GIBBON. Author of "RoBtN Gray," "A Heart's Prob- lbm," rln Honour Bound," (Qussn oi yhuMbadow," ThrBuays op Yarrow," etc. CHAPTEIl L.— TRAOKDY IN TUB DRAWIFG- BOOM. SCBNV III. t (Continued.) Ho said to himself : Ho dismissed the thought, impatiotit nt it ami at bimsolf for entertaining it. He knew her too well to think it possible that another man had found a moment's considera- tion with her. iBrassey was in tbo hall, looking perfectly contented under tbo impression that a plcosaut family party was being hold. Ho ' was decidedly startled by the sudden appear ance of his master with tho command : Tell Miss Clark I would liko to speak to bor.in tho drawing-room on important busi ness.' 'Sir!' gnspod. tho worthy Borvant, as if a ghost had appeared beforo him, Mr Dottridge repeated his commaud. 'But Misa Clark is in tho drawing- room. Sbo . haa been there for ever so long, and she has -aeon over so many people. Sho hasn't come , «qt to luncheon 1' Tbo fact that sho had not como out tb luhoheon was in Brassoy's mind most absolute proof that she was still in tho room.' Mr Dottridgo passed on ; but whon ln touched tho handle of tbe door his heart . seemed to miss a beat : ho was conscious that lie stood upon the threshold of his fate Whatever good or ill might happen to others fts too consequence or ivutu s answer co wuao he was about to say—it was life or death to him, Havo youe ver climbed a high mountain— repeatedly disappointed by finding each new steep only the prelude to another— and at last having reached tho summit lain down to rest, panting and tired. A cloar blue sky over head ; mountains like jagged marbles lying around you and villages like toy places at your feet. How glorious it all seems ; bow master ful you feel and you quoto with eomothing liko full appreciation of the senao of tho much paraphrased Quotation, 'Monarch of all I survey,' Then suddenly there sweeps a wbito mist over all that lies below yon, veiling everything from yonr sight. Tho great white thing creeps gradually up and round you, covering every landmark you have noted, aud— although you have still tho clear sky abovo you — bewilder ing you as to what direction you ought to ftako in order to reach your haven. That was precisely tho position of Mr Dot tridge as bo paused at tho door. He had climbed tho height, steep over stoop and there seemed to be a clear way bofore him but now, there came this mist ; his fato lay behind it, and he hesitated to penetrate it, Ali that seeemed clear before was dark now. Drawing a long breath ho turned tho handlo resolutely and entered. . He thought Brassy had been mistaken, and that Ruth wsH not there, tho big room was SO silent. It was a ghostly looking room at any time, with its pale lavender 'VallB wa .» hMeiBK8: onIy 01 d<P« lavender slashed with gold. At this moment Mr Dottridgo could not belp the grotetrpie association of ideas in fancying that ha was entering a whited sepulchre. But that was only for a moment Ruth appeared before him, and it was Uke sunrise upon a spring landscape. Sho had been reaUng — or trying to rest— in ber distraction ; and when tho door opened she wasglad of any interruption to her bewil dered thoughts. When she saw who came she advanced quickly, her bands extended as if for support, and he grasped them eagerly, feeling tbat tbe mists were already clearing. But 'ho misunderstood tbe impulsive movfe- raent. It did indicate that she was drawn closer towards '.him by tho ovent3 in which they woro involved ; but it also indicated that she was moBt anxious to bo tender to him now on account of tho pain she was about to cause him. In his joy at this reception he was able to laugb. 'I see we have all been having a bad time ofit. Yon are looking almost— nay, you are looking whiter than Dahlia. And bore is Stephen kicking up such a fuss thas I am afraid to see him. You must help mo out of all this confounded nonsense,' Her bands are still resting in his, ' and she - tras looking very steadily in his face. 'Yes, I mast help you— It seems as if I most help evoryono out of this cruel position. Have yon ever wished that we had sunk in the small boat before reaching land? I have— I have wished It many a time within, the last faonr.' I wish nothing of the kind. I am very glad Indeed to be at Kemerton again, tbe most glad to have you with me.f And I am sorryr' 8he said this so bitterly and so sincerely— that was tbe worst of it— ber friend wondered and was taken aback. Here now a little bit of the mist was blown away, he determined to clear it ' with one broad sweep of the hand. Yon have seen Dahlia?' he said slowly, "/Yes, and I have seen Stephen/ . she an. swered calmly, 'Very well, then, yon know the . whole position, I have not seen Stephen yet because as Rapier tells me, be is In such a frantic state that he is likely to murder me. I do not bolieve that of coarse; but after what Dahlia tells me I want to see him In your presence/ 'In my presence !' Yes, in your presence . . . . Now Ruth, we must clear this matter to-day. Whatever harm I have done, I am sorry for it,. Bat I recognise no harm so great that it may not be forgiven ; and . whatever it may be, itia greater In its effect than it was in all my circulations.' If you conld have Been !' she exclaimed In a tremulous voice— ?Ay, that is what we all say— if we could bare seen But be just to me— surely, there it fiometbingduo to my love for yon.' She withdrew her hands and shrank back from him trembling. 'Thoa end the trouble— bo my wife. I do no eay.be mistress of Kemerton, for you are master of its master I only say make the bes ef a bod position — I own it is a bad position— cave Dahlia from insanity, and save Meredith from something worse. ' Bhe stood liko a reed 6waying in a grea'i firiad, and then she Bpoke in a low voice, bn clear as a sharp bell in a still, froity mom Dg: 1 would say "yes," but I havo promised him Co say "no." Werel to yield to you it would be the proef of my falsehood to him/ (To bo Continued,) 