[?] Ajtothbh murder in Ireland. 1150 miles ol railway in working order. j 1080 people at the Museum on Sunday afternoon. ? The Orient delivered her Sydney mails in London inside 37 days. Baboh Lessetb hopes to finish the Panama Canal inside eon- i tract time. Madams Bistobi is about to play Lady Macbeth in English at Drory Lane. The Samuel Plimsoll's people absorbed like a shower upon the inning sana. Tmt Tasnanian merinos now living at 31, Hunter-street, arc ?worth inspection. 103 applicants tried to engage four maids at the hiring of the PlimsoU immigrants. Yictoet with the crickcters must begetting monotonous; they should play twenty-twos. Nxhiwstb enrolled in the Holy League to protect the person of theCaar. Two arrested. Damage done by fire at the Melbourne Government Printing Office estimated at £18,123. w Mr. Wnjtnrsoir said at Hay that Victoria supplied the district ?with 30,000 tons of fencing wire. A land league formed amongst the selectors on the Murray for protection against the squatters. It costs half-a-crown to get from Wodonga to Albury no*. About as far as a threepenny 'bus ride. 91,500oz. of gold got in the Sandhurst district last year. Old Bcndigo does not seem worked out yet. \- Twenty-nine men-of-war at Alexandria, and despite them all a handful of Bedouins may spoil the Canal. Ma. G. H. Reid got his oar in at Hay. The 'coming Premier' io becoming as persevering as John Davies '? Pabnellitbs have bid farewell to the House of Commons so tar as the Repression of Crime Bill is concerned. A hew boat coming for the lllawarra Company. That company has more faith in the district than fear of the railway. Thanks to the energy displayed by Mr. Clibborn, the improve ments on the Randwick Racecourse arc advancing rapidly. That banquet to the Premier in Melbourne. Who started it? There have been wheels within wheels since Ezekiel's vision. Tire Singleton Argus declares that some of the public-bouses in that township arc nothing more than ' gambling hells.' Thomas Botd, the first white man who crosscd the Murray, went down from Tumut to help at the railway opening at Hay. ' The nomination of The Gem for the Great Metropolitan Stakes lias been accepted by the committee of the Australian Jockey Club. Two Queensland drovers fought with knives at Baldina. They *cre not skilful, and did not end either their troubles or their lives. Mb. Matthew Bubnett says that he made 5000 teetotallers in Adelaide last year. We hope Mr. Burnett's work may be per manent. Fbehch judges pronounce Australian wince superior to those usually purchaEcd from Spain and Portugal. That is slightly equivocal. Aslakbegoff can come down on us when he likes now, Bryant, otherwise the Comtc de Beaumont, being relegated to Pcntridge for five years. Pastobai. rents in Queensland last year, £219,000. How much is that per acre ? A farthing would have to be considerably divi ded to express it. The Wahgunyah Bridge purchased and thrown open. Under the old regime it was not permissible to ci-oes the bridge on Sun day unless to go to church. The Victorian Railway Department are considering the advisa bility of reducing their rates on the Ecliuca line. Wc shali have a cut-throat policy in that locality yet. The Queensland Government has ordered a new police boat to patrol the northern coasts. A lot of wild people about those Queensland coasts, both blacks and whites. A gbbies of letters that passed between Goethe and Carlyle will shortly be published in German. The world will listen to what those two old giants had to say to each other. The dead body of a newly bom male infant, wrapped in a piece of linen, was on Tuesday found by two boys on ;the sandhills in Alexandria, and not far from the Waterloo tollbar. The latest addition to the list of football accidents reported is W. H. Kelly, aged 27 years, who received a fracture of the patella whilst playing in the Association match on Saturday afternoon. Eael Debbt said of Victoria and New South Wales, ' The world will judge of their ultimate success by their relative progress.' That seems a tenibly wise thing for an Earl to say. Lavcoce beat Boyd, Salomons denounced Lucas, the Hay railway opened, and the Fenians did not attempt to murder the Prince of Wales on the 4th. The day would be remembered henceforth if America had never been born. A supplement to the Government Gazette published on Monday contains a proclamation for the resumption of certain lands re quired in the construction of the extension of the Great Western Railway from Nyngan to Bourke, a distance of about 12G miles. The trade of the colony is growing at a marvellous rate, judging from a return of the imports and exports. To 24th June the total Talues of these were £8,473,769 and £6,253,560 — showing increases of 39 and 28 per ccnt. respectively on the figures for the first six months of last year. The Lyttelton Twrijstates that Messrs. Joubcrtand Twopenv, who are at present managing the Christchurch Exhibition, in tend, after they have wound up matters connected with their New Zealand Exhibition, to procecd to Calcutta to get up an inter national exhibition in that city. A toting man named Andrew Forsland, quite fresh from the country, was picked up by three tsharpers on Mondav, who fleeced him by the matchbox trick to the tunc of £150. He reported the transaction to the police ; and a man is in custody on suspicion of being one of the three. Tbe Adelaide Register says: 'A gentleman writing bv last mail says that at date Sir Henry Parkes was still the lion of the season, and that he was lucky in the time of his visit, as a lion is a necessity of every season, and there was none other this year, as Cetewayo had not appeared to act the role.] The ship Samuel Plimsoll arrived in the harbour on Saturday morning, with immigrants, from Plymouth. The single girls, under the charge of Mrs. Eager, the matron, were landed at noon on Saturday, and at once taken to the d£put ; and the landing of the married couplc6 and single men on Tuesday. Db. Shims savs that ' Darwin states, in his five years' voyage round the world, that he saw miners in the island o*f Chiloe, who carried 2001b. of ore each on their backs up 450 feet of ladders all day long, and lived on boiled beans and wheat without meat.' Then why don't they strike or come to Australia ? At the close of the Central Police Court on Tuesday, Mr. Crane, K.M., took occasion to express his satisfaction with the tact and diligence of the police in tracking out and bringing to justice the perpetrators of most of the many burglaries and store robberies, which, within the last two months, have taken placc in Sydney. The P. and O. Company's steamship Mirzaporc arrived at King George's Sound on Tuesday, with the English mails via .Suez to June 2. In another column we publish a telegraphic summary of news brought by the Mirzapore. The Sydney por tion of her mails will probably reach here next Wednesday morning, Mb. Deakin, at a meeting of the Victorian Temperance Alli ance, said ' that Victoria would never enjoy purity of election until hotels were absolutely cloEed during the' period between the \- nomination and polling days.' And it is doubtful if absolute purity would be attained even then. The devil has other homes as well as the beer barrel. 1* our advertising columns this week will be found the pros pectus of the Colorado Silver-mining Company, Limited, North Kennedy district, Queensland, 48 miles from 'Townsville. The capital is £90,000 in 90,000 shares of £l each. We recommend a perusal of the prospectus to such of our readers as have inclina tion for mining investments. The subscribers to the Sydney Licdertafel will be pleased to hear that the committee have decided to give a social evening for ladies and gentlemen during the present month instead of a smoking, or gentlemen's night. They have also, in deference to the wishes of many of tbe subscribers, increased the limit of the lion-performing members from 330 to 500. Ms. Bisn, Gbat, of Welaregang, writes to the Border Post ' Yon may imagine my surprise the other day at seeing a splen did l ed deer in one of my paddocks, a true ' Lord of the Valley,' as Whyte Melville calls him. From whence he could have come is a puzzle. I am told there arc some at Bungowannah, but even this is far for him to wonder.' A WUGHT look-out. The Americans say : 'The main hope now is that there will be a large aad good harvest of all our crops, and A correspondingly bad and scanty one in Europe. That, it is thought, would give us a chance to again save money, instead of lacing forced to ship It away, as we have been doing lately, at the zatc of from five to ten million dollars of gold per week.' Tp* opening: of the South-Western railway to Hay took placc on Tuesday, with a considerable amount of ceremony. His Ex MxUeoey the Governor, Lord Augustus Loftus, several Ministers, members of Parliament, and many other persons from Sydney ?were present. A telegraphic report of the proceedings, despatched by our special reporters, will be found in another page. Mxessc. Brvxkek and Wolfe have received tha first portion of their consignments of Tasmanian stud -sheep from Messrs. W. H iJibscn ana Scu, ty Utf ftauner&k;, after aa cjceJlen passage. They hare arrived in first class condition j_and are now comfortably housed at the firm's wool stores, 31, Hunter-street. On tbe arrival of the remainder, the whole will be readv for inspection. A new picture has been acquired for the Art Gallery, selected by Sir Henry Parkes on the evening of the Academy dinner. It was recommended by the Prince of Wales and Mr. Woolner, the Eculptor, and should therefore be a work of merit ; but the Maga zine of Art dismisses it in the following terms : ' A. Gow. ' Jacobite Proclamation.' A sort of cestumc piece crowdcd with figures.' Price, £900. M&. A. H. M'Culloch, the junior member for the electorate of Central Cumberland, addressed abont 150 of his constituents on Tuesday, at the Assembly Rooms, Liverpool. Mr. N. G. Bull, mayor of Liverpool, presided, and Mr. M'Culloch made a long nd interesting speech. He was listened U) with close attention, and finally, on the motion of Messrs. Haigh and Allum, a unani mous vote of confidence in Mr. M'Culloch was passed. The San JVawetseo Letter says that when the newB o! the Phoenix Park murders came through a Land League meeting was being held in that city, and on the assassinations being announced ' the building rang with plaudits.' It also points out that a Dominican monk named Rooncy declared, some time back, from a platform in San Francisco, ' that every dollar subscribed to tbe Land League's funds was a bullet for the heart of an Englishman.' Thkbe is no newspaper meanness more despicable than the barefaccd appropriation of tclcgraphic news. It is well known that the annual expenditure of an enterprising journal in obtain ing information by the rapid but costly aid of the electric wire is very large. It is equally well known that there is in every city, colony, or country a number of newspapers which, so far as their late intelligence is concerned, are mere parasites upon their honest contemporaries. The high prices now ruling in Sydney for daily necessaries form a subject of serious conccrn to the heads of families, but it would seem by our country telegrams that on the Upper Darling the staff of life has reached a figure strongly suggestive of famine . At Cobar the price of the 4-lb. loaf has been raised to 2s. in con sequence of the badness of the roads and tbe difficulty of getting teams, while at Bourke the price is exactly double that— namely, 4s. the 4-lb. loaf. A coxrifDBtrii competition was lately held in Adelaide, and the following took the prize : — ' Why was the American war like the railway to Farina (S. A.) P Because ft was carried on for a long time at great expense to the country, and ended by uniting North and South.' Another ' conundrum' on local matters equally brilliant received sccond prize. About 300 more sent in ; and if the two which carried off the chief prizes were really the best, what must the others have been P The Rev. Canon Knox-Little, of Manchester, preached on the first four days in Holy Week at St. Paul's, London. The sermons were delivered at 1 o'clock each day, without any preliminary service beyond a prayer, and the 1'atl Mail Gazette states that on cach occasion there were 15,000 persons present, chiefly city men, who (rave up the lunch hour to hear Mr. Knox-Little. The rev. gentleman will shortly visit Melbourne, at the invitation of that liberal-minded prelate, Bishop Moorhouse, who, although of quite a different school of thought, is anxious to s ecure the benefit of Mr. Iinox-Little's experience as a missioner. Oub Woodbum correspondent telegraphed on Wednesday : — ' Mr. Brace Nicoil, of Sydney, was banquetted here last night. A large number of the leading residents of the district were pre sent, also, the Rev. Dr. Steel and Mr. M'Kinnon, of Sydney. A warm tribute was paid to the guest for the services rendered Richmond River by him, in connection with the shipping interest, and the toast of the evening was enthusiastically honoured. Mr. Lang, of Messrs. Lang Brothers, presided.' Ofb Brewarrina correspondent's telegram mentions that a meeting was held on Saturday night, at the residence of Mr. Thompson. J.P., for the purpose of presenting an address to Mr. H. Cohen, on his leaving the district, after 16 yeans' residence. Highly eulogistic speeches were made by several prominent residents, and responded to by Mr, Harris, ? whose health, with wishes lor his future prosperity, was cordially drunk. An illuminated address and piece of plate will b« sent to Orange for presentation to him. Tee Riverina Recorder leams from a gentleman who has conic from Wcntworth that the rabbits arc swarming in the country he has come through. Mr. M'Donald, of Eustbn, who put in 70 acres of crop on his selection at Bumbang, on the Vic torian side of the river, did not get anything off it, and he did not have a hoof on it all the season. In one week two men trapped 1300 rabbits on this land. Though some of the squatters are spending twicc the amount of their assessment in providing labour, &c.;, still the means adopted are totally inadequate to cope with the difficulty. Mb. Justice Higinbotium's speech at Mr. Oraiond's proposed Working Men's College had a little spice ol' his old form. The learned gentleman bears no love to the Australian aristocracy. He considers them deficient in culture and patriotism, anxious for the distinctions of wealth, but unwilling to recognise its respon sibilities. When Attorney-General he was wont to work himself ? into a white rage whenever the views and interests of the class were referred to. It was on one of these occasions he described them ' as neither scholars nor gentlemen, but simply members of the wealthy lower orders.' While there are but few who would say that the Licensing Act of 1882 is altogether a perfect measure, it must be acknowledged that its operations have been beneficial, so far as the good order of the city is concerned, if the records of the Police Court may be taken as evidence of .that. In the number of persons charged with drunkenness brought before the Bench at the Central Police Court during the half -year ended 30th June, there is a decrease of over 25 per cent, as compared with the number charged with that offence in the corresponding period of 1881, the numbers being— in 1881, 4108 ; and in 1882, 3036. At the meeting of. the Marine Board on Monday, there were present Captains Hixson (President), Broomficld, Fox, M'Lean, Robertson, and Jenkins, and Commander Lindeman, secretary. An enquiry was commenced into the circumstances attending the loss of the Lilian, 33 tons, beached at Grasshopper Island, near Clyde River, on the 20th ultimo. Francis Sheehy, master of the ? ketch, 6tatcdthat the vessel was on a voyage from the Clyde to Sydney when she sprung a leak, and he beached her in order to save life and property. Frank Lerbcry and Charles Nicliolls, the crcw of the ketch, gave similar evidence, and the board reserved its decision until Monday next. ' Ora Moss Vale correspondent writes : — The Fresh Food and Ice Company of Sydney, who for a number of years have obtained large supplies of milk from this district, are now, through the' severity of the winter and high price of every kind of fodder, meeting with considerable disadvantage as regards the falling off in quantity. As an inducement to suppliers to increase the allow ance, they have for the winter months raised the price to Is. per gallon. An elaborate stone depot has just been completed at Mittagong. It is wdll fitted up with machinery for cheese making, &c.;, wncn milk is plentiful. Mr. J. J. Ruane is manager for the company in this district. The following returns show the attendance at the Australian Museum for the month of June, and also the attendance for the past six months, compared with the attendance of the first half of 1881 : — Attendance for the month of June, 1881 : Week days (22), 6528; Sundays (4), 4890: total, 11,418. Comparative attendance for the six months ending 30th June, 1881-2 : 1881— Week days, 37,152 ; Sundays, 18,485 : total, 55,637. 1882 — 158 week Says of seven hours cach, 40,337 ; 26 Sundays, of three, 25,587 : total, 65,924. Increase during 1882: Week days, 3185 ; Sundays, 7102: total, 10,287. Average daily attendance during 1882 : Week days (7 hi-ure), 255-3 ; Sunday (3 horn's), 981-1. When the Ministerial train arrived at Groonga, on the Hay extension, on Tuesday, a conductor of one of the sleeping cars, named Joseph Parsons, ^ot out, and was running towards the Governor's carriage, intending to perform some duty in con nection with that vehicle, when he tripped, and, falling, received some severe injury to his shoulder. When he was picked up, it appeared that his shoulder was cither fractured or dislocated. Unfortunately, there was no medical gentleman amongst the ex cursionists, and the sufferer had to be taken on to Hay to receive attention there. Much sympathy was expressed with Parsons ; and a collection was started by a gentleman, and the sum of £9 10s. obtained and presented to the sufferer. The Brisbane Courier states that the Government of Queens land have ordered from Sydney, with a view of securing a more efficient police patrol of portions of the northern coast, a vessel built to the order of the Government by Mr. James Hard man, of Balmain, and which is expected to be ready for delivery in about a week's time. She is -i0 feet long, 12 feet beam, and 5£ feet deep, and iB built of timber throughout, her planking being of hardwood and her deck of kauri pine. The machinery and boilers are by Messrs. Goodall and West, of Johnson's Bay, and the vessel is to be turned out in such condition as to enable her to obtain the passenger ticket of the Marine Board of New South Wales. At a meeting of the parishioners of St. Stephen's Church, North Willoughby, on Thursday, 29th June, Mr. Thomas Scott (people's churchwarden), on behalf of the congregation, presented to the Rev. E. A. Colvii), on the eve of his departure from the parish, a very handsome testimonial in the shape of a silver breakfast service as an expression of the appreciation in which Mr. Colvin was held by the members of St. Stephens, to whom he has minis tered for the last eighteen months. Mr. Scott, in presenting the gift, expressed the deep regret of the people at the loss of the reverend gentleman, and wished him God-speed in the more im poitant sphere to which he has been called. Mr. Colvin, in feeling terms, thanked the donors for this token of their esteem. Ekcocbagkhent from far lands comes occasionally to those who labour towards the development of art in Australia, and indi cates pretty clearly that both will and power exist in our local artists which obtain most miserable recognition from those Aus tralians who, by the simple power of wealth and good taste, might make art and art workers live. Mr. T. Tempest Radford, of the Birmingham Art Society, purchased from Mr. J. C. Hoytc, last week, six watcr-celour paintings of the New Zealand lakes and hot springs, the Katoomba Falls, and a peculiar and pleasing view of Sydney Harbour. These pictures will go to England, and will be hung at the Spring meeting of the Birmingham Art Society. English or American oleographs will decorate the drawing-rooms of New South Wales. The monthly meeting of the Board of Directors of the Sydney Infirmary was held on Tuesday afternoon, in the Nightingale wing of the institution. Tbe Hon. A. Renwick occupicd the rftnir, ^ xcaB a larffi attendance of directors. Thfaghair-^ rtan reported that plans and specifications for the first wor of the new Uullding had been prepared, and had been referred to the hon. staff for consideration and report. He also reported that a letter had been forwarded to the Hon. the Colonial Secre tary, requesting1 'him to place upon_ the Estimates the sum of £25,000 towards the erection of the building. Additional regula tions dealirg with the appointment and retirement of the hon. medical staff were earned, and after the transaction of some minor business the meeting terminated. A BETLBJt included in the Postmaster-General's 27th annual report exhibits a marvellous increase in the business of the Savings Bank branch of the Postal Department daring the last year. From it we take the following instructive and gratifying figures. There are 205 branches of the Post Office Savings Bank now open. The number of accounts current at the close of 1880 was 24,602 ; at the end of 1881, 17,516. Ihe number ot accounts closed during 1881 10 266 : the number of accounts remaining open at the close of 1881 was 31,582. The total deposits, including interest, was £860,702 3s. 7d., owned by 08,270 depositors : the total with drawals during 1881 being £475.696 19s 3d., by 35,159 persons. The balance at credit of depositors at the close of last year was £971,501 6s. 10d., as against £586,496 3s. at the end of 1880. On Mondav night another tram accident happened, this time on the Waverlev line. At about 11 o'clock a Miss Mulquecn was in conversation with some persons near the Point Piper-road, and two of them leaving she continued to talk to the third until the tram into the city came along the line. At that moment she said eood-byc to her friend, and attempted to cross the line. The driver sounded his whistle and put on the brake, but before she could get out of the way the motor caught her and she was thrown down, one of the wheels cutting through her right ankle and completely severing the foot from the leg. bhe was immedi ately conveyed to the Hospital, bleeding profusely from the wound. On reaching the institution the tourniquet was applied, and Dr. Muskett rendered the necessary medical assistance. A travelling contributor to the Argus, writing from _ Flo- rence, calls attention to some details in the management of the General Post Office, both in that city and Rome, which, he sug gests, might be advantageously introduced in our own. One of these is a writing room, furnished with small tables provided with pens and in£, in which, for a small fee, a person is supplied by an attendant with a sheet of paper and an envelope, and can answer a letter requiring an immediate reply on the instant ; or, if he has come in from the country, or a suburb, or from a dis tant part of the city, can be spared the trouble and loss of time involved in returning to his own home, or to his lodgings, for the purpose indicated. In Rome the fee is three halfpence, .and in Florence it is a peony for the first letter, and a halfpenny for each succeeding one. A hagistebiax inquiry was on Monday held in the Grosvenor Hotel, Harris-street, before Mr. W. T. Pinhey, J.P., into the cause of the death oi John George Pettitt, found dead with a wound in his throat on Sunday morning last. It appears that the deceased, who was a native of Kent, aged 50 years, a widower, and by occupation a butcher, was last seen alive on Saturday evening, and was heard moving about his house during that night. At about a quarter-past 7 o'clock on the following morn ing his housekeeper, on going to his room, found him lying with his throat cut. The deceased, it was stated, had been drinking heavily, being under the influence of liquor when last seen before his death. A verdict was returned that the deceased had died through an injury inflicted by his own hand whilst he was under the influence ef drink. The usual weekly meeting of the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition was held on Monday at the Garden Palace, there being present Mr. John Davies, C.M.G. (in the chair), Messrs. Selfe, Down, Franki, Poolman, and Captain Broomficld. A quantity of cor respondence was read from all parts of the colonies, showing the great interest taken in the exhibition. The competitive designs ior the medals and certificates were opened and inspected ; the competition was gratifying, m iny of the designs being original and well executed. The final decision and awards were deferred to next meeting of committee, on Monday next. It was resolved to have a permanent advertisement inserted in the morning papers, and that the meeting be open to the press. Accounts amounting to £159 19s. were passed for payment, and the meeting then adjourned to Monday next. The New Zealand Herald learn6 that the friends of Sir Arthur Gordon in London, who arc numerous and influential, have pressed his wishes upon the attention of Lord Kimberley, and it 16 quite possible he may be reappointed to the Governorship of Fiji, with extended powers as Commissioner ot the Western Pacific. The same journal is also informed, on undoubted authority, that private letters and secret despatches about native affairs in New Zealand have arrived in London from . Sir Arthur Gordon, which paint the New Zealand Government and the policy it has pursued in very dark colours. His Excellency cannot ignore the fact that the course pursued by the Ministry has had the cordial support of the great majority throughoutthe country, and in consequence he remarks in an unfriendly manner on the colonists and their disposition towards the natives. The Ministerial train which was laid on in connection with the opening of the railway to Hay returned to town at ten minutes to C o'clock on Wednesday evening, bringing the Hon. John Lackey, the Hon. Robert Wisdom, Sir Alfred Stephen, several members of both Houses of the Legislature, and a number of other gentlemen. The train left Hay shortly after 2 o'clock on Wednesday morning, and traversed the' entire length of the Great South-western line — 454 miles— in less than 16 hours. The averate rate of speed main tainedthroughoutwasthcrcforcabout 29 miles per hour. Sir John Robertson was also a passenger by this train as far as Narrandera, where he stayed. The viceregal train was to be detained at Hay until tbe conclusion of the ball to be held at Hay last night. His Excellency the Governor and party, including the Hon. Mr. Suttor, stayed at Hay, intending to be present at the ball given in honour of the opening of the railway. The London correspondent of the American Associated Press telegraphed that much interest is felt in social circles at the return of the Duke and Duchess of Norfolk from the miracle-working spring of Lourdcs in France. Their journey has been made in the faith, worthy of times long past, that a pilgrimage to the shrine of Our Lady of Lourdes would remove the dreadful affliction of blindness from their infant son and heir, the little Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and 1 am informed that even now their Graces have not given up hope, though at present there is no sign of improve ment in the child's condition. This modern pilgrimage excites derision in some quarters, but the feeling generally is only one of great sympathy with the sorrowing parents. It is said that Cardinal Manning rather discouraged the journey, but the family priests urged it, and their advice prevailed finally. The child ana hi6 parents arc now in London In the strictest seclusion. Pbofbssob Bahff, the inventor of the boroglyceride process of preserving food, recently sent to Mr. J. H. Maiden, of the Tech nological Museum, a quantity of boroglyceride, asking him to treat with it a variety of meat and other descriptions of food, and ship them to England. Mr. Maiden, who is an old friend of Pro fessor Earff, has complied with the request, and has accordingly prepared kangaroo flesh, mutton, oysters, fish, milk, cream, and eggs, which will be shipped to England, part by the Austral, and part by the Garonne. Professor Barff informed Mr. Maiden that he intended to consign tj him (a quantity of meat, cream, &c.;, preserved at home by the new process, and the testing of this novel consignment will be watched with interest. It is claimed for the boroglyceride that substances treated with it do not need to be stored in the ordinary refrigerating chamber, and when the present experiments are complete full particulars of the process will be given. Of tramway accidents it might be said with Macbeth of his enemies, ' The cry i6 still they come.' On Monday afternoon, between 3 and 4 o'clock, as the Waterloo tram was proceeding from Sydney to Waterloo, and when opposite the Redfern railway station, a young man, named Richard Landy, jumped off the tram whilst, according to the statement of the' conductor, it was in motion. At the' same moment the tram to Sydney from Botany came along the second line. To reach the station the young man had to cross the inward line on which the Botany tram was run ning, and in cndeivouring to do so that tram came in contact with and knocked him over. He was taken to the hospital, where it was found that he fortunately had suffered no greater injury than a fracture to the large bone of the left leg near the anile. The medical gentleman who attended to the ease, and entered the customary record in the casualty-book, wrote upon the blotting sheet opposite to it the poetically sarcastic line, ' Still the tram so gently stealing, &c.;' Among the exhibits which occupy the upper portion of the medal case in the Art Galllcry is the international challenge cup presented by tbe Mayor of Sydney, Mr. John Harris, to be com pcied for annnally at the Rifle Association matches. Teams of eight riflemen, representing respectively England, Ireland, Scot land, and Australia, are eligible to compete, and the cup was first won— in the 1881 competition— by the Australian team, who, in accordance with a condition made when it was presented, have deposited it for a time in the Art Gallery. The bowl of the cup is of gold, formed in the shape of a pointed oval, and supported by a tripod of crossed rifles linked together by a laurel wreath. The cover is surmounted by the figure of a lineman, worked in oxydised silver, while on the front of the cup another rifleman, worked in gold, is represented as taking aim. The latter is en circled by laurel wreaths in silver, arranged in the shape of a medallion. The cup, which is unusually large and richlv finished, stands upon an ebony base. The adjourned inquest on the death of William Mackie, who expired on the 26th ultimo under circumstances wnich led to the belief that he had been killed by having swallowed animal poison, contained in some fried fish he had partaken of, was on Saturday concluded. The Government analysis^ Mr. Watt, stated that he had analysed the stomach and some fluid contained in it, and had failed to discover any trace of poison. The fishmonger deposed that the fish sold had been quite fresh. Dr. Shewen, although the question of fish poisoning was, he stated, according to the authorities, involved in some obscurity, was yet of opinion, from the history of the case and the post-mortem appearance, that death had resulted from some animal poison of a narcotico irritant nature. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased had died from fish poisonine, and added the following rider The jury are unanimously of opinion that the fish shops and resturants are not, but should be, properly inspected by the authorities responsible for such work. At the Roman Catholic schoolroom in Wavetley, a bazaar is now being held for the purpose of raising funds to enable the parishioners to purchase a site for the erection of a convent and new school. The bazaar was opened on Saturday afternoon by Mr. R. Butcher. Mayor of Woollahra, who delivered an appropriate address, and it will be closed on July 8. In the C decoration of the room and arrangement of the -various stalls a considerable amount of taste is shown, and the proceedings are enlivened by musical selections. Altogether tliM-e are seven stalls, which are conducted by a number of lad^ ttose mcharge being: — Mrs. J. B. Despointes, Mrs. Hart, Mrs. Hill, Mrs. T. J. Murray, Mrs. WaUdns, Miss Cannon, and the members of the Society of St. Francis. Allthe stalls are weU stocked with plated ware, articles In woolwork# pictures, vases, toilets* and ornaments of various descriptions, and there are also on view some elegant and highly artistic specimens of crewel work. On Saturday the attendance was satisfactory, and the ladies engaged in selling appeared to be successful in their efforts# On the conclusion of his lecture at Sandhurst Mr. Archibald Forbes was entertained at a supper at the Metropolitan Hotel, on the invitation of the literary staff of the Bendtgo Adver tiser. A pleasant hour was spent, during wMch the guest de tailed a number of his experiences since arriving in the colony. The only toast, the health of Mr. Forbes, was proposed by tbe editor. Mr. Forbes, in responding, expressed his pleasure at meeting members of the 'fourth estate' at all times, and re ferred to the species of freemasonry which he found existed amongst them in all countries. Regarding his visit to Australia, he expressed himself as having been delighted with what he had seen, and spoke in high terms of colonists generally. He also stated, should a European war break out, that he was afraid so many young and robust men on the London press were now anxious to surpass him in what had been termed the ' clcctric ' or ' hard riding school of correspondence,' that he would have to give way to them. However, he did not anticipate that the present Egyptian complications would lead to war. The following members of the Steamship Owner's Association of New South Wales, viz., Messrs. W. G. Murray (E. and A. Co.), G. R. Stevens (Stevens' hne), E. E. Smith (W . H. Smith and Sons), W. C. Willis (Tasmanian S. N. Co.), James Scroggie (H. R. N. S. N. Co.), J. White (C. and R. R. S. N. Co.), accom panied by Mr. H. C. Mitchell, acting secretary of the association, have waited on the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. Murray, on behalf of the association, brought under the notice of the Treasurer the proclamation of last year declaring all Chinese ports to be in fected, and adduced reasons for its withdrawal. The Treasurer stated he was entirely with the deputation, and has already re ferred the matter to the Board of Health, which, however, did not go so far as he wohld do; but seeing that it had nowbeen officially brought under his notice, he would again Tefer to the Board of Health and the Cabinet to see whether liecouldnotmeettheviews of the deputation. Some other matters touching on the trade of tbe port were then brought under the notice of the Treasurer, who promised to fall in with the views of the deputation in so far as they were not opposed to existing laws. The deputation then withdrew, after thanking the Treasurer for his promised assist ance. The monthly meeting of the Randwick Asylum for Destitute Children was held at the asylum on Wednestlay afternoon, there being a good attendance of directors. A report was read with regard to the supply of water from the bore put down on the grounds, and as to communications received with regard to analysis made of the water. The Government Analyst stated that it contained more iron than is considered wholesome in a water to be used. ' The superintendent reported that by means of a steam pump water had been pumped up at the rate of 800 gallons per hour for several periods of four hours cach. The total cost of putting down the bore had been £1112 9s. Id., and it had been sunk to a depth of 705 feet. A discussion Was held on the subject of the late inquiry of a sub- committee appointed to investigate certain charges with regard to the superintendent having failed to report that the contracts for meat and bread had not been according to agreement, and it was resolved that the whole of the evidence taken by the sub-committee should be printed and circulated among the directors, and that a meeting be held in the Town Hall on the afternoon of that day fortnight to consider the matter. The Protection and Political Reform League Council met at the Temperance Hall on the 30th ultimo, Vice-president W. Richard son in the chair. There was a good attendance of members pre sent, and after the reading and confirming of minutes there was a discussion on the question of the best mode of widening and ex tending the operations of the League. The discussion ended without any change being effected. The following employers of labour were elected on the Executive Council of the League : — Messrs. J. Mason, jeweller; P. J. Newlands, builder ; J. ltoseby, M.L.A., marble mason ; Thomas M'Farlane, manufacturing jeweller; William Ellard (of Inglis and Co.), carriage repository ; A. West, copper tip manufacturer ; H. Glassop, printer; G, Hoskins, engineer; J. J. Parker, timber merchant ; G. French, tweed manufacturer, Parramatta ; Hugh Jones, engineer ; and Messrs. J. D. Jackson and B. Forest. The time and placc for the Newtown public meeting were left as at first agreed on, and the tpi akers who accepted the positions originally will take the lead in the proceedings. The secretary received an intimation from an employer of 200 persons, that the men belonging to his manu factory intended being at the public meeting at Newtown to hear Mr. L. F. Heydon, M.L.A., and Messrs. W. Richardson and W. Sullivan. We leam from the Melbourne Age that his Excellency tho Governor has received a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies in reference to the International Fisheries' Exhi bition, which is to .take placc in London in May, 1883, and wc presume a similar despatch has been received by our own Governor. It is therein stated that H.R.H. the Prince of Wales is president of the exhibition, and many notables and influential names appear upon the committee list. The scope of the exhibi bition is wide, and includes a display of all appliances used in fishing, objects relating to the economic condition of fishermen, the preparation, preservation, utilisation, transport, and sale of fish, illustrations of the modes in vogue for the purpose of fish culture, natural history specimens of aquatic creatures and a dis play of the history and literature of fishing, fishery laws and fisb commerce. Prizes are to be given for essays on subjects relating to icthyologv, and conferences' are proposed to be held for the purpose of reading and discussing papers on subjects connected with the exhibition. The regulations which have been forwarded to Victoria state that applications for space must be made on or before the 1st July, 1882, but the committee have made a conces sion to distant colonies and countries by extending the time till 1st September, 1882. A LABGE and influential gathering of ministers and laymen took placc at 4 p.m. on Monday, in the parlour of the Young Men's Christian Association, to welcome the Rev. Joseph Cook, of Boston, U. S. A., author of the Monday Boston lectures. Mr. Ebenc/.cr Vickery occupied the chair. Among those present were : — The Revs. J. P. Sunderland, Canon Moreton, Principal Kinross, B.A.(St. Andrcw'6 College) ; James Jefferis, LL.B. ; Moore White,. LL.D. ; John Auld, M.A. ; T. B. Tress, S. Wilkinson, T. Johnson, J. H. Fletcher, B.A. (Newington College) ; Messrs J. H. Goodlct, R. G. Reading, D. Walker, general secretary of the Y. M. C. Association, and the members of the board of manage ment. The Rev. J. P. Sunderland having introduced the eminent lecturer, it was resolved that the meeting cordially welcome the Rev. Joseph Cook, and invite him to deliver a course of lectures in the city, under the auspices of the Young Men'6 Christian Association, in conjunction with the committee of those present, with power to add to their number. The Rev. Joseph Cook expressed his gratification at the cordial reception he had received, which, however, he regarded rather as an expression of interest in his topics than in himself, and accepted with pleasure the invi tation to lecture in the city. Arrangements will at once be made to secure a hall suitable for the delivery of these lectures. A magisterial inquiry was on Tuesday afternoon held in the Coroner's office, before Mr. W. T. Pinhey, J.P., into the cause oi the death of Michael Dougan, a coal lumper on board the Phoebe, steamer, lying at the A. S. N. Co.'s works, who was killed on board tnat vessel by a piece of metal, known as the ' goosehead,' falling on him. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased, on Monday last, was working on board tbe Phoebe with others, discharging coals to the Gunga. The deceased was holding the rope that was around the windlass, when a piece of iron called the ' gooseneck,' which is attached co the gaff, snapped, and the gaff then fell on the deceased, striking him on the head. At the time it snapped the gaff was about 12 or 14 feet above the de ceased, and it was about to be raised 30 or 40 feet. One of the witnesses stated that he had worked with the 6ame gaff 30 or 40 tunes during tbe last three or four months, and it had always worked well. The deceased was taken to the hospital, where it was found that he had received a fracture of the skull sufficient to cause death. No other marks of injury were found on the body. The gooseneck was produced before the magistrates, when it was seen that it was inc iiplete in the casting by about one third of the square. '1 : ? ....ding of the magistrate was, that the deceased had met his dc;t;h by an accident on board the steamer Phoebe, no person being to blame. The Supreme Court (says the S. A. Register ) has reversed the verdict given in the case Wood v. the National Mutual Life Asso ciation of Australasia, Limited, and the insurance money which the man Ernest Neville endeavoured to secure to his creditoi-s^y the strange device of committing suicide will not be paid by the association after all. It will perhaps startle some people to learn that the Supreme Court possesses the power to reverse the verdict of a jury upon a question of fact, as it has done in this case. One of the chicf matters to be decided was with regard to the insanity of the insured, a point which the Attorney-General contended was amply proved by his having professed a belief in spiritism, indulged in the practice of drawing strange pictures under the influence of some hallucination, and asserted that he had seen a ghost. The jury had found that the evidence proved Neville to be insane, and the Judge had therefore directed a ver dict for the plaintiff, who sued for the amount of the policy. His Honor the Chief Justice said, in reference to the action which the Court is now taking, that it appeared to him that it was not overriding the Supreme Court Act, inasmuch as the pro ceeding was sanctioned by the rules of Court, and these rules, according to the Act of 1878, are entitled to have the force of law because they have been laid on the table of both Houses of tbe Legislature, and have not been disallowed bv them.' A meeting to promote a movement having for its object the enlargement of fit. John's Church, Parramatta, was held in the Echoolhouse. in that town, on Wednesday evening last. The room was crowded to excess. The Rev. Canon Gunther explained at considerable length the necessity for undertaking the work, and tbe additional accommodation to be provided by means of transepts. He then dwelt upon the advantages of the Christian religion to the individual and the body politic, instituting com parisons between its influence and that of the moral philosophy of the ancients and other means used for the amelioration of humanity. He expressed his thankfulness at the hearty and enthusiastic manner in which the parishioners had undertaken the work, an» that over ,£600 had teen promised within a very 6liort £200 foeing tie donation of Mr. W. M. EL. Gibbons, and £100 2?™ rentier Darishioner -who did not wish his name announced tSresent. Tlie Bev. Mr.'Kemmis -was then introduced to the nZtsntr. and gave a series of his popular and enjoyable readings, IhereadWs being lntcrepereed -with music and singing by St. choir. Mr. Kemmis, being called upon, addressed the i^pphne congratulating the people and encouraging them in their ?nod work. The meeting was closed by singing a hymn and the benediction. In addition to the transepts, manj; of the ijarishioners are anxious to have an organ chamber built and. a vestry at the east end. Bomb of the Americans who are resident in the city celebrated the 4th oi July by holding a ball in the evening at Needs' Booms, tivenjool- street. The rooms, of -which there are several, were beautifully decorated with evergreens, flags, and floweis, by Mr. Searle and Ml-. A, Torning, and when illuminated by means of coloured lamps presented a most inviting appearance. The Ameri can Standard was a conspicuous -but not predominant ornament, tbcre being flags of other nations, and particularly those of Great Britain and the colonies, associated with it on the walls. A portrait of General Washington was placed in the principal rootn, and the rendezvous were named after the principal States of tbe ' union. In order to prevent overcrowding, the tickets, each admitting three persons, were limited to 100, and by 10 o'clock about 250 ladies and gentlemen of various nationalities were pre sent, while co complete were the means taken to secure general enjoyment that the affair very largely resembled a private assembly The dancing-room was extensively patronised, but many persons sought pleasure in the smoking and card rooms, or - in other apartments, in which they might engage undisturbed in conversation. Music was provided by a stringed band, and sup per by the City Catering Company, while the general arrange ments were under the direction of a committee of gentlemen, having for their chief Mr. Charles Eahlo, the United States Consul, and for their secretary Mr. William Fleming. A misting of the Sydney Municipal Couneil was held on Tues day, at the Town ball. The Mayor presided, and there was a large attendance of aldermen. A petition was presented by Alderman Chapman for the Extension of a watermain to Annan dale, and several reports were laid upon the table. Legal matters which had been left in the hands of the Mayor were reported to have been settled satisfactorily. A letter from the Department of lands was read with regard to an application from the council for the extension of a passenger jetty at tbe foot of Margaret-street, stating that the request could not be complied with. As there appeared to be a misunderstanding on the part of the officers of the Department, who are evidently under the impression that the whole of the frontage is required, it was resolved to make another application, and also to forward plans, &c.; The council only re quire 10 feet. The offer of Messrs. Smith and Bennett, which was made without prejudice, for £150, with regard to the Town Hall plastering, waB accepted after a considerable amount of discus sion. The application of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales for 15 acres of land adjoining their present property on Moore Park I was granted, and a large amount of other formal business transacted. At the conclusion of the meeting the Mayor invited the aldermen and officers to luncheon. After the usual loyal toasts had been duly honoured, his Worship proposed the 'Health of the American Citizens,' a toast which was drunk very heartily, and responded to by Alderman O'Connor. An article in Capital and Lalour on 'A New Company Epidemic' revives (says a London contemporary) an old warning which cannot be too frequently repeated at a time when every man inhabiting a house rented at £50 a year may expect to find a prospectus or two on hi6 bieakfast table each morning. After de nouncing the conduct of members of Parliament who play the part of ' decoy-ducks,' by allowing their names to give plausi bility to the advertisements of bubble companies, our contempo rary tells a tale, for tbe facts of which it vouches, ?' although it is impossible to give the names in the existing state of the law of libel.' The story is the old one of a company formed to buy a business, but failing to obtain anything like the necessary amount. The directors, seeing that the subscription had failed, very properly declined to allot. This, however, did not suit the promoters, who had already spent considerable sums, and were promised a heavy bribe by the vendors of the business if the purchase could be completed'. Tne promoters accordingly called 'a general meet ing,' consisting of themselves, which deposed the directors and appointed a more pliant board, who straightway proceeded to allot. In a few weeks the company was in liquidation, and one of the promoters was appointed liquidator. The contributors are being compelled to pay up, while the advertising and printing hills are not likely to be paid, 'a6itturn6 0ut that the promoter who gave the order wrote it on the company's paper, and signed his name as secretary pro ton so that ne is not personally liable. While such things can happen unpunished, ' promoting ' as business is likely to retain its popularity. At the Randwick Council meeting held on Tuesday a resolution was passed that the council should forthwith construct public baths at Coogce Bay lor both ladies and gentlemen, and that the necessary funds should be specially raised therefor, provided the Government will grant the necessary part of the foreshore to the council. Accordingly an application has been made to the Go vernment by the Mayor of llandwick. This improvement will not only really benefit the neighbourhood, but will prove an immense boon to residents in Sydney. We arc informed that, on Tuesday, the tenders called for some weeks since for the completion of tne seawall and esplanade at Coogce Bay . were opened and that dircctly it has been decided which tender to accept this work will be pushed on with all possible expedition. The Government have handed over the completion of this seawall to the Mayor and aldermen of Randwick (subject to the supervision and approval of the Government engineer), and have paid over to the council the money voted for the purpose by Parliament. It is intended to have a wide drive and esplanade formed on the top of the seawall, and running the entire circuit of the bay, and have rows of Nor folk pines or other suitable trees, with plenty of seats alongside the drive. We arc also informed that tenders will be called for next week for the extension of the tramway from Randwick to Coogce Bay, and that it has been decided to duplicate the present line from the racccoursc to Randwick. When all these improve ments are completed, there can be no doubt that a great future awaits Coogce. The Randwick Council are to be congratulated on their enterprising efforts to develop this favourite watering place, and the public will, wc are sure, heartily wish them success in their advance. The notorious ; insurance conspiracy ease has (says the S. A. Advertiser) not yet gone through all of its phases. The ab sconder Forsyth, who had as much to do with the frauds as any of the accused who were convicted, or as Hicks, who turned ap prover, was understood to have ?? squared ' his bail. This, it seems, is not the case. Mr. Degenhardt, a practitioner of the Supreme Court, became bail for him to the extent of £250, Mr. Henry Lewis gave a bond for the same amount to the Crown, and Mr. C. P. Jones became bond for the absconder for £100. On tlie 2Gth ultimo, when the Court sat in Banco, the question of these mpective recognisances came forward. Mr. tsymon, Q.C., who was one of the counsel for the prosecution, made an application to the. Court for time to enable Mr. Degenhardt to pay, because he could not at present meet the liability without great sacrifice, and because when Degenhardt went bail for Foreyth he under stood that the £250 was to be paid out of assets in the hands of Mr. Linktater, and incurred the liability on that ground only. Mr. C. P. Jones asked the clemency of tne Court because he had been induced, while in the police court at the hearing of the pre liminary charge against Forsyth and the others, to become bail ou Mr. Liiiklater's telling him it would be all right. Mr. H. Lewis does not seem to have set up any special demand for consideration, and the Court directed the recognisances to be enforced in all the cases. With regard to Degenhardt the Chief Justice said that he had been partly the means of a criminal escaping from justice, and be must pay the penalty. As to Jones, he was referred to Mr. Linklater if he thought 'that gentleman had guaranteed him from loss. Lewis appears to have passed without special notice. A HEETrKG was held at the Masonic Hall, Balranald, on Wednes day, June 28, for the purpose of devising the most effectual means for urging upon Government the necessity for constructing a branch line of railway between that town and Hay, and also locking the river Murrumbidgee at some point between Balranald and the junction of that river with the Murray, so as to bring Balranald into more direct communication with the metropolis. The meeting was large and influential. Mr. Cooke, P.M., occu pied the chair, and the following resolution was proposed: — Mr. J. G. Manon moved, — ' That, in view of, the large expenditure by the New South Wales Government on railway extension in order to foster commerce and facilitate intercouree with the metropolis, ?wc, the inhabitants of this neglected portion of Riverina, take im mediate steps to urge upon the Government our claim to be con sidered and provided for in their present or future schemes of.rail way extension, or in such other mode as this meeting may decide as advisable, provided that such scheme provides for a speedy and reliable mode of conveyance for both passengers and merchan dise to and from the seaboard.' Mr. Amery moved as an amend ment, — ' That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is inexpedient at this time to take any steps in the matter.' The amendment, after discussion, was ruled out of order by the chairman, and the original resolution was carried. . This was the only business done, and the chairman, in responding to a vote of thanks, said he was disappointed at the result of the meeting. He had come there with great interest, and was sorry that the subject had not been more fully ventilated, and that the meeting had not decided upon one scheme or the other. If the river were permanently navigable, the commercial interests of Balranald would greatly increase, and unless tiie townspeople wished to keep in a ^corner they must do something to secure permanent transit. ' ' Drviira: service in connection with the opening of the enlargement of St. Paul's Church, Burwood, was celebrated in that edifice on Saturday afternoon. The enlargement in question consists of the addition of a transept, a chancel, and portion of a tower to be completed in the iuture, each of these being built to harmonise with the original building in a very excellent quality of sand stone. The dimensions of the transept arc 66 feet x 28 feet and of the chancel 28 feet x 28 feet, and the cost of the whole will be about £3700. A very handsomely carved door, gives access to the tower, and the beams and woodwork of the interior of the addi tions have been appropriately stained and coloured. The 'cbitect of the enlargement has been Mr. Blackett. Messrs. Cook and Co. contracted for the stonework, Messrs. Langley and Thompson supplying the woodwork, with the exception of the pews, which were provided by Messrs. Watson and Son; and Mr. Hawksford was entrusted with the gas fitting. The church with the extra accommodation thus provided will scat 620 worshippers. There was a large congregation present at the special service^ the choral Portions of which were admirably rendered by the church choir, fitted by a number of friends, under tbe conductorehip of Mr H. Wilkinson, choirmaster. The following rev. gentlemen were present, and assisted in the service : — The Very Reverend the Dean of Sydney, the Rev. Dr. Corlette, the Revs. A. I. O'Reilly, J. Vaughan, T. Symonds, and R. W, Young-, incumbent. The anthem song was that composed by G. F. Root, to the words, ' Magnify, glorify, extol, and exalt the Lord,' to the end of the passage ; and at the conclusion of the service Handel's Hallelujah chorus was very spiritedly sung by the choir. The Dean delivered a sermon founded upon Judges vi. 14, 'And the Lord looked upon him and said, 'Go in this thy might, and thou shait save Israel from the hand of the Mioianites : have not I sent thee!' The first annual meeting of the Owl Club was held on Tuesday at Rainford's Cambridge Club Hotel, for the purpose of transact ing the business of the club. Mr. J. A. Allen presided, and there was a crowded attendance of members. The treasurer's balance sheet and secretary's report were submitted by the board of management, and in doing so the president congratulated mem bers on the success attained. This being the first year of the existence of the club, the outlay has been larger than need be entailed again for some time to come. The board expressed regret at not receiving the degree of assistance expected from members generally in conducting, in the best possible way, the programme at the club's *' hoots.' The Owl Ball, 'which took place at tbe Town Hall on June 14, was reported to have been eo successful that the board had decided to hold the ball annually. The amount in hand from the ball over and above expenses was £50, and the balance now in hand, according to the statementof accounts, was £47 12s. Id. After some discussion the report was adopted. The ballot for president resulted in the elec tion of Mr. J. A. Allen, who received 38 votes as Egainst 15 recorded for Mr. Cantor. The'election of vice-president followed, and the candidates addressed their ?- brother owls' previous to a vote being taken, but Mr. E. Cantor was elected by a large majority. A ballot ensued for treasurer, and Mr. Stewart was re elected almost unanimously. Messrs. Morris Menser as honorary secretary, _C. Huenerbein as musical director, and J. H. Raioford as dramatic director* were re-elected to their respective offices. Theclub is in a prosperous condition, numbering some 250 members. Messrs. Joseph Myers and R. H. Brown were re- elected auditors. The following gentlemen were elected on the committee: — Messrs. J. Caddy, W. C. Birchall, A, Kastway, R. Fairweather, J. Hin chey, W. Cadogan, W. T. C. Robey, 1'. Jefferson, H. A. Skinner, and F. Stokes. A vote of thanks to the president concluded the proceedings at 11.30 p.m. The usual monthly meeting of the State Children'6 Relief Board was held at the offices, Phillip-street, on Monday ; present, the Hon. Arthur Renwick, M.D., M.P. (president), Miss Stuart, Lady Allen, and Mrs, Jefferis. Accounts amounting to £580 2s. 6d. were passed for payment, including the foster parents' accounts for the maintenance of 165 children during the quarter ended June 30, amounting to £401 0s. Cd. and £112 14s. for clothing. The follow ing lady visitors weie then appointed : — Mrs. T. Battley, Brisbane Water ; and Mrs. Stretton, Windsor, The president stated that, since tne previous meeting, the Crown law officers had been con sulted as to whether the board had power to place out children as boarders with their own mothers, when the latter were deserving widows in indigent circumstances. The Attorney-General's opinion was that children could not at present be so placed out legally. The board then considered a request from the boarding out officer that a penalty should be imposed under regulation 33 upon a guardian from whom a boy had recently been removed for neglect. The officer stated that he had repeatedly cautioned (he woman as to the condition of the clothing, and informed her that the outfit must be brought up to the regulation standard. When tiansferring the child tne clothing had to be renewed at a cost of £1. The officer was directed to deduct that snm from the amount due to the guardian for the maintenance of the boy during the past quarter. The usual report for the past month was then read. It showed that 26 applications were complied with during June, and that to meet them children had been selected from the two or phanages, the Infants' Home, and Benevolent Asylum. Thirty children had been visited, and they were generally in good health and apparently contented with their homes. Fourteen new appli cations were granted from persons resident in the suburbs of Sydney and at Parramatta, Rookwood, Newcastle, Mcnangle, Perth, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Bungonia, the boarding-out officer having reported that where tlie applicants were not person ally known he bad inspected the homes and made the usual in quiries. j Mr. Dowser has introduced a bill into the South Australian Legislature admitting criminals to the witness-box in their own cases. A bill of a similar kind had been previously introduced into the House of Commons, of which the Law Times says ' One of the most remarkable resnlts of the debate on Mr. Hop wood's Criminal Law Amendment Bill was the unanimity dis played with regard to the necessity for amending the law of evi dence in criminal cases. The inability of a person charged with a criminal offence to give evidence at his own trial was, as is well known, expressly retained by Lord Brougham's Act (14 and 15 Vic. c. 99). It has, however, been frequently questioned on subse quent occasions, and the distinction between civil and criminal trials in this respect seems to rest on no logical basis. Still less so does the rule by which husbands and wives are rendered incom petent witnesses for or against each other. The main object of this rule is supposed to be the preservation of domestic peace; but the idea called forth some of Bentham's severest strictures, and was proved by him well calculated ? to convert every man's house into a nursery of unpunishable crimes.' Mr. Hopwood now proposed to break through both of these exceptions. The bill provides that every one proceeded against by indictment shall be a competent witness at his own trial, and tne husband and wife, as the case may be, of every such accused person shall be a competent witness for her or him, 'but no such person shall be called as a witness by the prosecutor, although when called he shall be liable to cross examination. The principle of this provision having been approved by both sides of the House, it may be hoped that the desired re lonn is not far off. Perhaps the strongest argument in its favour, was the authoritative statement of the Home Secretary, that no one in his official position could avoid the conclusion that many innocent persons would escape conviction if they were allowed to tell their own story. When these suggested amendments of the law have been made, Bentham's often-quoted aphorism, that ' in the character of objections to competency no objections ought to be allowed,' may be said practically to have obtained a complete victory.' Tub Melbourne Argus contains a lengthy article on the opening of the railway from Sydney to Hay, which took place on Tuesday. The article to which wc refer ihu6 alludes to the rival bids for the trade of Riverina : — ' From officials in the Railway Department we learn that they expect that a very large amount of trade will be lost to Victoria by the opening of the Hay line. One of their suggestions is that tne line that the Government propose to con struct from Kerang to Swan- hill should be pushed on to the mouths of the Muirumbidgec and Darling Rivers as soon as possible. As to the differential rates charged on Darling and Mumimbigee goods, the object is to secure trade that might otherwise go to South Australia. Goods for below Euston, on the Murray River, arc carried at 30s. per ton. Euston is a point on the Murray between the mouths of the Murrumbidgee and Darling rivers. Besides, wool coming to Echuca from the Darling River has to go up stream when in the Murray, and that is partly why our Department charges a lower rate for Darling goods. The freight from Melbourne to Kchuca is 48s. per ton when the goods are for the Murrumbidgee River, or any point on the Murray above Euston. Victoria is also likely to lose the carriage of a quantity of live stock. The New South Wales Department will give every facility to the local squatters for sending stock to Sydney, and the Hay line will intercept much stock that would otherwise come here; and when the Bourke railway is finished, Sydney will occupy a still more favourable position. The value of the carriage of live stock to the Victorian railways in 18S1 was on the northern or Echuca system £20,000, and on the north-eastem system £26,000, or £55,000 in all. Nearly all the stock coming to Melbourne on those lints is from over the Murray. In the same year the Department received £39,000 on goods sent from Victorian stations to Echuca, and £12,000 on goods sent to Deniliquin, or £51,000 in all. The freight on goods sent to Wahgunyah in 1881 was £8000, and on goods sent to Wodonga £23,000. That makes £82,000 in all re ceived on goods sent to the border towns, chiefly of course for distribution through the Riverina district and other portions of New South Wales.' Tuksday was the day appointed for tbe hiring out of the immi grants lately arrived by the vessel Samuel Plimsoll. The total number of passengers who arrived by that ship, which has com pleted its ninth voyage in the service, was 407. The number shipped had been 405,- but five births and three deaths occurred during^ the voyage, makiag the number as stated. The numbers of the immigrants as Ehipped according to condition, sex, 'and age were 64 married couples, 115unmanied men, 38 unmarried women, and 124 children under 12 years of age. Of the 38 unmarried women all but four went to 'friends in the colony. On Tuesday morning quite a crowd of ladies and a few gentlemen assembled at 12 o'clock in the Immigrants' Home, Macquarie-street. expecting that there would be many of the immigrants anxious to go to service, the ladies on their part being no less anxious to secure, if possible, what appears to be in this colony as rare a treasure as the fabled '? roc's egg '—a good maid-servant. For the four women waiting engage ment there were no less than 103 applicants, and they were con sequently speedily secured. The desire to obtain the services of the married couples and unmarried men was scarcely less great. Applications in some cases were sent in for four and 6ix men by each employer. Those applications it was found- impossible to meet in full. The variety of occupations which the men had filled was very great, there being representatives of nearly every trade and pursuit, even poiiccmen and cabmen having a place in the number. Gardeners, agricultural labourers, and milkers were in demand, and tiadesmcn, such as carpenters and joiners, were no less sought after. The distribution of the immigrants over the colony was almost as embracing in extent as were the labours followed by them. They were engaged to go to the city and its suburbs, to Parramatta, 'Newcastle, South Creek^Dubbo, Albury, Bega, Cootamundra, Goulburn, Kiaina, Woodford, &c;„ &c.; The wages offered were good all round. Three men at least refused £40 per annum, with keep and lodging, whilst the general rate of wage offered and accepted was from £30 to £40, with board and lodging for unmarried men, and £72 8s. per annum, with board and lodging, for married couples. A number of the tradesmen went into the city, and on returning to the ship, stated that they had obtained situations, carpenters at once receiving lis. a day. The majority of the immigrants landed on Tuesday after noon, the wharf presenting a very _ animated scene during the time they were engaged packing their luggage into vans and carts in order to remove them to their new homes or depots, whence they would be sent up country, j A ost without exception they 'were healthy, industn c lie-looking people, and we are informed— and this is a noteworthy end. gratifying fact — that from 36 to 40 of the married and un married men showed to the immigration officcr drafts which they had in their possession upon banks in the colony for sums of money varying from £5 to £40, good testimony that the Agent General bad been careful in his selection of the people he sent out to make their future home in onr midst. Energy and hope -were written upon eveiy face we noticed on the steam tender, or at the wharf ; and when leaving the vessel that had borne them from ' Old England.' with its crowded cities and hitrd struggle for existence, to the Ehores of our comparatively youn£ and rapidly progressing colony, cheer after cheer was heartily given for, and kind words were s-poken of, the thoughtful care and attention tbe immigrants had met with from the captain and all on board his vessel. 