THE TBEASTJRY GHOST. Periodically the ghost of poor old Geoffrey Eagar pops up in public from his subterranean sleep in the depths of the Treasury, which, he has so long occu pied as a kind of official family vault. Sooth to say, his appearance is always portentous of public evil and brimstone. His public visitations leave an infernal smack' of sulphur in the air, and create a public disturbance such as could only be occasioned at the ominous breaking up of a succession of realistic Don Juan banquets. Prom the official grave ,,he vindicates his natural perversity while moving and meddling in political life. E'en from the tomb the voice of Nature cries, E'e» in our ashes live their wonted fireB, His old' political escapades belong to the records of contention and failure. Con tentious and incapable as a politician, as a Minister he was by turns cringing and despotic, and was finally excluded from Parliament as a political humbug and. mischief-maker; ; His attemp t to degrade Mr. Duncan from the office of Collector of Customs, which led to the temporary disorganization of the depart ment, hastened his own official downfall. He has never since been able to climb, to the Treasury, Benches, or even to, gain a seat in the: Legislature, but he has managed somehow to get intpl the Trea sury itself— by the back door. His subordinate position still unfortunately gives him opportunities for mischief.. 'With an incapable Minister the subordi nate is practically master and becomes as swaggering, vainglorious, detestable, and tyrannical as ever. His whole, official life testifies unmistakably that power, at which he is always clutching, is never safe in his ' hands. Mr. Eagar was the prime instrument, it would appear, of the cowardly despotism during the re cent public panic which covered us all with disgrace and infamy. It was he who forced the doctors who were zeal ously and humanely engaged in the per formance of their professional duties to | consign themselves to.despair and its dread companions, Carroll and a full, supply of 'coffins. It was he, it appears, who made jthat fastidious functionary jailor over the minds as well as the persons of these vic tims of duty — -and naturally enough in the exercise of his new functions as .literary censor Carroll ruthlessly cut ;of£ all communications with the outer iworld that were not unconditionally com- , Iplimentary to himself. As might be ex pected, the intelligence that did reach us here cast a heavenly halo over the Inferno at North Head, and also indeed over the head of its angelic Superintendent. We freely admit that Mr. Eagar may not have been responsible for all the horrors flowing from this outrageous abuse of authority. It is true he was 'the acting representative of the Gro vernment of the country' during the panic which he so largely helped to create ; but then it is in evidence that he himself was the most panic-stricken creature amongst, us during the crisis. He gathered up his clean skirts and flew from Dr. Caffin as if the latter had just escaped from one of the Govern ment coffins, or had been resurrected from the Custom-house. It is really poor old Jeff himself who has been resurrected. 'And truly what a characteristic figure the frenzied old despot cuts in his frantic efforts, not to suppress disease but the in telligence of it, and personally to dodge disease and the doctors in his ghostly shroud. 