ONE SPRINGTIME PAST. A very small steamboat bobbing np and down on a very roogh sea at the end of Portsmouth Pier. Un the deck a dozen men or so buttoned up in overcoats and ulsters, for, it is raining slightly, and there is a raw east wind. Half-way down the companion-ladder a girl of nineteen 1 peering nervously into the small saloon bevond. There is no one there ; that is one good thing, for, if I am to be ill, I would rather be so in privacy than struggle to ward it off in the freriier air above, with all those men staring at me. So I go below, and make my way to one of tbe long red benches lining either ride of the cabin. Will anyone nnused to the ways of the world believe that, though the owners are on deck, I find the only two avail able corner seats of those benches occu pied by the newspapers, carpet-bags, umbrellas, &c.;, of some gentlemen who have been careful to retain seats for them selves against they require them! It doesn't much matter. I believe I do forget myself so far as to exclaim, sotto voce, " Selfish pigs !" bnt the motion of the boat is getting too violent to calculate one's words nicely, and in another moment I have swept a carpet-bag on to the floor, an umbrella and roll of papers to the j farther end of the bench ; and am enscon ced in their place with my head on somebody's ulster for a pillow, and wish ing very heartily that godfather would not live in the Isle of Wight,' or that mother wouldn't go to stay with Mm and send for me to join her ; or that it was possible for me to take a twenty minutes voyage without feeling so help lessly ill : in the midst of winch medita tions I am disturbed by a sudden trampling, and become conscious, though my eyes are closed, that someoDe has come into the cabin, and after picking np the umbrella and other "impedimenta" is standing glaring at me. Hateful man 1 j Why doesen't he go away again ! but even with the thought another, far more horrible, occurs to me. I am lying on his ulster, and he wants it, and — oh dear 1 oh dear ! the boat is rolling so terribly, that if I even move one half -inch I don't know what the consequences may be. In great misery of mind I open my eyes, see a big grim- looking man, dripping with raindrops, just retreating to the door, and say feebly : " Please take it away. I am very sorry. I didn't think .of its being yours ; bnt — but I can't lift my head." " JJon t try then," he says snortiy, ana i marches off, but only to return in a mo- 1 ment with a glass of wine, and a great 1 bunch of sweet wax-wMte narcissi and dark red wallflowers. The wine he makes I me drink, for the simple reason that I am I too faint to refuse ; and the flowers be 1 lays beside me, saying, " Smell these, I they'll do you good after which he dis- 1 appears, and I. see him no more except 1 for one half -minute after we have landed, I when, though he puts me into a com- 1 fortable carriage and finds my handbag I for me, he is so far from presuming on his kindness that he gets into a smoking 1 compartment himself without waiting to be thanked, or take back his flowers, which I am still holding in a grateful clutch. That is how I first meet John Charles- 1 ford, and therefore when on the very j next morning he walks into my god father's pretty gray stone cottage at Boncbarcb, and is welcomed by tbat | gentleman as one of his oldest friends, and a great traveller and botanist, it is little wonder that I flush np with pleasure, and stretch ont my hand to him, as if he were an old friend of mine too ; cor that I accept without grumbling the post — which, as we grow more intimate, soon devolves on me — of guide and cicerone to Mr. Charlesford in his wildflower researches by cliff and wood and hedgerow, to rid him in bis new work on the Flora of the South of England. Not bnt what he is a somewhat formid- j able companion for a girl who has only been through her first season, and is as wild and fall of spirits as a kitten ; a man fifteen years my senior, and over six feet high, with one of those rugged faces which wonld be stern if the smile | wMch lights it were not so sweet, and j the frank blue eyes so kindly ; and with j the additional awe-inspiring dement of being in monrning for bis wife, who was killed in a railway accident near Paris, abont six months ago, when he was away in England, laid up with fever. He is quite well again now, however, and despite his recent widowhood no one dreams of looking on him as in any way bereaved, or requiring pity and consola tion. The feet is, eveiyone who knows John Charlesford knows that his | marriage was the one great folly of his life, expiated by three years of mutual misery and disgust ; and repented during nine of solitude after the inevitable separation. Death has bat broken tbe last link of a chain virtually shattered long ago ; and only my quiet eyes, or girlish fancy, can see the traces of it in tbe rigid lines about the month and gravely sober brow — thongh even these lighten and fade before my light-hearted cheerfulness. Is there anything in life like the colour and the sweetness of those woods in early spring ! The tender, fresh green of feathery larches; the large; white, furry buds of the horae-chestnnt, jnst parting to nnfold their first fan-shaped leaves of a brighter and yellower verdure ; the rounded tops of the .beeches and elms still bare of leaves, bnt clothed with every variety of tint, from reddish- brown and gray to delicate purple and rose-madder, and more resembling a cluster of feathery, tender-coloured sea weed seen through a powerful magnifying glass than anything Bolid and umbra heouB enough for a tree ; the ground gere a tangle of email, white-veined ivy and emerald moss, lit np now and again by a heap of pale yellow tight; a clump of primroses in their rongh' crimpled leaves ; there broken away into banks purple with violets, or opening out into patches brilliant with the golden fire of the early celandine ; glades, where the network of bonghs - is woven closely to gether in a delicate red traceiy, through which the stainless bine of an April sky looks down on - last year's burnt-out leaves, still clinging tike a roddy gfydle ronnd. the knees of ihAyoung/pafctiees or lying on the brown earth in a tight rustling carpet, through which the wild hyacinth thrnsts its deep blue bells, and the frail, rose-white caps of '4he \wood anemone sway like ' fairy blossoms on their slender stalk BeMria rise the rfiffs, gray pud PPWWd with fgfy sHwy with lichen and red with moss, and | broken here and there by a blackthorn springing from some unseen crevice, and j filling the air with a snow of milk- white ' blossom ; and beyond all is tbe sea 1 sometimes bine and crim as liqnid glass, and shimmering through a mystic, opal ine veil ; sometimes green as the downs above it, crested with foam, and striped with broad dashes of brown and purple, J alive with clond reflections so beautiful, I that for their sake one wonld almost 1 chafe at the stiller beanty of a change- 1 less sky. Is it wonderful that in such a 1 scene, _ when one feels half in love with j Nature herself so sweetly does she smile I in yonr face, and deck herself in green and rosy raiment for yonr greeting, that I should grow to love John and he me ! And so it comes to pass that as the days : wane, and the flowers bad and break, the I flower of onr love bnrsts into blossom I too ; and this is how I find it out, I We are botanising in the woods one j day, onr favourite Lnocombe-woods, be- | tween Bonchnrch and the tibine. Onr 1 walk there has been wonderfully quiet, 1 for John has had one of Mb fits of silence, j walking along with set lips and bine, earnest eyes, looking far ahead as if try ing to solve some knotty question in the I distant coast-line ; and I — I seem to ' have caught his mood. Certainly, mother says, I have been growing qnietor and more dreamy of late ; and to-day I walk by his side rapt in a silent mnsing which is perfectly content to be there, even thongh he does not speak to me. Bnt when we get to the woods, the first breath of the violets sends my girl spirits up to their wonted pitch, and I am soon bounding over the big boulders of rock, flung down from the hills above in the first landslip ; and creeping under the I trailing bonghs of ash and thorn to fill tixy unv miuu wo gay purpie uiuobuuib, calling out my whereabouts now and then to John, who is bnsy digging . np | some rare orchid roots, tUl by-and-by I come springing back to him, and hold np something for his admiration. 'No, not the violets; I know yon don't care for the scentless ones ; bnt this !' waving a tuft of yonng sycamore leaves, so vividly green as to almost pale the flowers. ' Yes, now don't laugh at me, Mr. Charlesford ; I know it is only a twig, bnt, oh ! isn't it fresh !' ' Exquisitely. Did yon think I should laugh at yon !' But as he speaks bis eyes are turned not on the leaves bnt on 1 me ; and there is a look in them which I somehow brings tbe blood bnrniDg into j my cheeks. I think he sees it too ; for 1 the next moment he has taken my hands | fall of leaves and flowers as they ere, and I lifted me down from the mossy stone on j which I am standing, while he admires | my treasure, shaking his head reproach- J fully as he does so. ' For it will fade and die even before you get home ; wMle, if you had left it on the bough, it would have gone on growing and deepening in colour, and have thrown out fresh shoots as green as itself for another spriDg.' ' Would it ! But it was too lovely to be only looked at on the tree. Don't you think it would live for a few days in water V ' No, child ; these leaves are not like flowers. They will be as limp and colourless as yonr little hand wonld he if it were cat off from the arm, in another day. Don't yon know tbat the green | colouring wMch gives them their I exquisite tint," is nothing more or less than the blood which rnns in yonr hands and makes tbe finger-tips so pink and the veins so bine !' He hae kept.my hand in his while be looks at the spray, and he holds it still. He has often held my hand before. What ehonld there be in Ms doing so to-day that his touch should make my fingers tremble, and send tbe colonr to my face again ! Suddenly his hand closes tightly over mine. 'Nellie,' he says, looking straight into my eyes, and speaking very gravely, almoBt huskily, ' I am like yon after all. There is sometMng I am not content to admire on the parent bongh. I want to gather and have it for my owo. I think it wonld not Cade in my hand. Dear, will yon give it me V Give it f Ah me ! conld I take it I away, even if I wished, holding it as I firmly as be does now ! bntl don't wish. I wish nothing bnt to let it reBt where it is ; and so I snppose he understands, for after a minute or) so he lifts my head from the hiding-place it has found, and saying very softly, God bless yon, my I dariing,' kisses me on the lips. And I I look np at him, blushing very mnch, I bnt not trembling any more" — that has all passed away — and say, qnite simply, Thank yon.' I We walk home through the green, I qoiet woods very silently afterwards ; I but my hand was in his all the way, and j though the mnch-prized orchids tie for- I gotten where they have been dag up, I I know that my leaves, withered already, I have been nestled carefully in Ms breast- I pocket I wonder — O John, I wonder 1 if yon have them with yon still ! I Nobody made -mnch objection when 1 they hear of what has happened. In j feet it almost troubles me that, seeing I I think onr love is true, the course of it I ehonld run so very smooth. My god- I father indeed is pleased and kisses me, saying he wonders what each a clever, I sensible fellow as Charlesford nan find" I to care for in a silly tittle thing tike I Nell ; and thongh mother says I am too | yonng to marry at all, and wishes we j were nearer of an age, and that he were I not a widower ; and my elder sister 1 writes that I might have done mnch I better if I had waited a tittle and gone' j into Society with her and her husband ; I it occurs to me that, as Bess chose for her- I self! J may do likewise. John completely j wins my mother over in their first thte-a- I tfite by that wonderful mixture of almost I womanly tenderness with manly honesty j which makes Mm so irresistibly - lovable I to tho:e who can appreciate it ; and I though ale sighs still, she is tliiven to ' confess that he is a very dear fellow, and the Hiinlm the -separation from Ms wife most have been nil her fenlt ; and as - 1 -am qbite df the same opinion we are all satisfied. \- . And now begins that time in my life at which even now, so many years gone past — £ scarce can bear, to look, eo eharp is toe fcam its iore brings back to me to day ; toat time in wMch I tive too often how, so perfect was 1 the joy it brought tne toen. We are -to wait jbix jnoaths. Sime fehcy-of iny 'mother' e,1 that -people haying seen!rtio deato;of the firat lire. Chrilesfo'rjin the newspapers, inay find occasion frn'gqstipif MsBecond marriage foliowB withibtoeiiTOventionri J61! fc8 prompted a delay to wMch John is ill- inclined. And trnly, seeing that his virtual widowhood has already lasted over nine years, it seems hard that he should have to writ longer for such a little gift- as a yonng girl, who has so little dowry besides her first frank love, her freshness and inexperience, to bring with her ! Bnt yet we never think of grumbling. There will be a little neBt in Devonshire to famish first, and mother and I are to go up to London by-and-by and help - John to buy the toings ; and meanwhile are we not here together, making holiday, and so happy that even he hardly thinks that there could be anything better ! He has suffered so long and bitterly already from a woman's unwortMness, tbat the wonder is that he conld ever trust or care for one again ; and I feel as I if I conld never make np to Mm enongh j for choosing me, yonng and silly as I am, 1 to put his confidence in anew. My one j great rim is to make him happy, and my self a full and nerfent companion for him : and thongh (being only a girl) I -am some times cross, and give him the benefit of it, or wilful and. mischievous, and tease him till many another man wonld lose his temper, it makes no difference. The crosser I am the gentler becomes J ohn, shaming me by his patience and tender ness" with " his tittle woman's" whims ; while as for wilfulness or teasing, he either takes them as coolly as a big brown bear might the buzzing of a fly in the sunshine, or catches me in his great arms with a laugh, and kisses me into breathlessne8s and qmet. Ana an the while I am learning from him ; learn ing how to class the pretty fragrant ferns jnst unrolling their green fronds in wood land hollows ; how the flowers call by sweet scent messages tbe bees to help them make bright many a spot where never. a blossom would blow without; and how the leaves that die ont in a blaze of red, or gold and purple, in the autumn open with those same tints in j early spring ; learning these, and how many more things, in those long rambles at John's side, when I listen eagerly to the lore he loves so well to teach, nntil I he suddenly remembers that we have I gone a long way and the tittle feet mast I be weary ; and we sit down on some dry I rock or fallen tree, where, with my head npon hie shoulder, we rest and talk of happy springs to come, and all tnat we shall do in the days when I am his. His ! Ah God, did we ever think that that day might never come ! Was it some heaven-sent warning which made me once break into a sob, and cling closer to him, crying out : « Oh John, I hope God will let ns live to be qnite old people. I hope no one will ever take me from you. I couldn't live without yon now, I love yon so. Oh j John, I do love you ! ' And John laughed and folded me closer to him, stroking back my hair with tender touch, as he answered : ' My darling, I know you do. Isn't it the same with both of us 1 Why, Nellie, what's the matter ! A likely notion, in- I deed, that I would let anyone take my I pet from me ! ' 1 Likely ! but it must have been God I who sent the fear ; though it was so soon I dissipated, that in another minute we I were quarrelling merrily over some argu- I ment; and walked home iu such high I spirits that, though John says twice that he ought to go home and write business letters, he cannot tear himself away ; but I stays, making me sing all his favonrito I Scotch songs for him, till eleven has strnck, after one of tbe merriest evenings I we have ever spent, tbe last— now God I be merciful and strengthen me white I I think of it !— that John and I shall evei I spend together. I For next day is the end 1 J We were to have driven over to Gods- 1 hill to get daffodils, this morning, and I I am awake by six and watching the gray, I mottled colonr of the sky wilh anxious eyes, when I hear — can it be ! — John s voice, speaking to a servant on the path below my window. ' Give this to Miss Brandron.' And next moment a letter is brought me. It is from him, I see by the outside ; and begin to fear that something has occurred to put off our excursion ; but as I open it, it is not his writing on which my eyes fell first, but a stranger's : a letter to him, dated from Paris ! This is what it says : 'My dbab Chablbswoeth, — I have I something to tell you which will, I fear, I be a shock to yon, and not a pleasant I one ; bnt anyhow yon mast hear it, and I it is an infamous shame that yon should I not have done so long before. I am not I good at beating abont tbe bush, so I will I simply tell yon that yesterday evening, I waning ont of the Palais Royal, I met I face to face — your wife 1 You can guess I my dismay. She herself burst ont laugh- I ing when she saw it, and held ont her I hand, saying : 'Well, Major Burt, do yon take me j for a ghost !. Looks tike it, certainly ; j but yon see it's only fur I ehonld appear I to haunt yon, since it was yon who bnried I me ; and people do get out of their graves sometimes. How do yon do ! ' I I said, 'Madam, do yon know that I Mr. Charlesford believes that yon -are I dead ; and that it was only because he I was too ill to leave his bed, that I as- 1 ststed at the interment of a person I supposed to be -yourself ; and had a stone j erected to her memory ! ' ' She langhed out again. People pass- 1 ing tarned to look at her. 1 ' Ah ! my dear friend, so kind of I you ! Yes, Pve seen toe stone. Yon I might have given me more of an epitaph, j thongh. Bnt as the maid, not the mistress, I lies beneath, it doesn't so mnch matter, j Poor Josephine ! People always said she j was so tike me. And how is my forlorn j widower! Does he still hate bonny j Bohemia,' and love grabbing for weeds I and beetles, "and going to bed at ten J o'clock; as mnch las ever ! -Do yon know. 1 Pve been almost hoping to see him an- I qopneed as again a Benedick ! It would I have been such fun to put in an appear- j ance ; and now I suppose you won't give j me the "chance !' . | 'Charlesford, I need not repeat any I more, lii yonr last letter you hinted at j — something. I can only hope it has I not gone farther, so as to bring fresh pain I into yonr life and another's. The post is going ont; so will send all particulars to- I morrow ; and -will merely add that the j nfortnnate mistake of maid for mistress. I which, believe me, lean never suffi j cientiy deplore or forgive myeelf— was j occasioned by -Mxs. Charlesford having in ayedbehind at a station en ronte, and 1 sent this girl on with her boxes, tons I escaping the accident! The subsequent concealment and deception was simply her own devilish mischief, and designed for yonr annoyance, the letters from her Bister, demanding her clothes, &c.;, being positively dictated by herself And then follow a few kind, warm hearted words, bat I hardly see them ; nor a half-veiled Mnt about the practica bility of a divorce ; for his writing is underneath, and it is that I am looking for. A great aea is opening and swallow ing Mm up away from me ; and I stretch ont my hands to catch at any bit of him tnat remains, it is not mucu. ' I found this awaiting me when I reached home. All night I have been trying to think how I may best break it to you ; and I cannot find a way. Will you come to me once again— but I know you will — where we have so often met before, in Luccombe- wood ? Do not hurry, I shall be there all day — only if yon can forgive me first. Wonld I had died be- fore 1 brongnt tbis upon yonr innocent head 1 ' That is all. Not one word of what he | is suffering, or of love for me ; not even my name or his, the name that was to have been mine ! There is no softening at all of this blow, more bitter than death. The great sea had rolled in and swept him away, and, with him, all I have in life ; and yet I do not weep, there is not even one tear in my eyeB as 1 throw on my clothes, dressing with feverish rapi- ditv. For I am going to him now. There is no thought of delay, not even of flying to mother first, and seeking comfort and soothing from her in the dull, hopeless agony, which seeuis as thongh it were crushing me to the ground. He has said, ' Come to me,' and though, of coarse, he will not be there yet, I mast go, and at once. Perhaps, if I waited, if I gave myself time to think, I might go mad, and then 1 I dare not even kneel to say my prayers, or raise one cry to the Father who has laid this on me. There will be time enough for that, for that and all else, later. The whiteisb, mottled clouds have settled into one sheet of dull, faint gray. The sea is- gray too, a still, unrippting calm. The morning air strikes me with I a damp, chilly breath as I hasten down 1 the steep lane, past the old chapel at I Bonchnrch, where there is no sun to-day I to cast the shadow of the iron cross upon I the grave beneath, along the cliff path I and down into the little wood, the wood I where John first asked me to be his wife. What am I going to do or say there I Is it wise to go at all when I do not even know what this is to him, he who I once said to me : ' Perhaps there were > faults on my side too. She had a passionate nature ; and she loved me once, I know. I do not care to blame her now that she is dead.' And she is not dead ! It is he who has died to me. The words are ringing in my ears with a dull, fierce pain when I turn the corner of a huge gray rock which has so often been onr trysting- place, and see — ah ! why did I think it could be less to Mm than to me 1— John waiting for me. John ! bnt how changed ! His hair was brown before, brown, with a golden glimmer in the sun ; and now oh ! that long night, while I lay sleeping and he strove ' how to break it to me !' And even now his chief thought is tor me ; lor, as l come in nis view, a great light of tenderest love and pity fills all his worn face, and he makes but one step to me. My Nellie! My little girl !' Only tbat word ; bnt he baa taken me into his arms ; and toe worst is over then. How long we stood there I do not know. He does not speak, only holds me tightly, tightly in that strong clasp, and I cling to bim as a child might, if they were tearing it from its mother, trembling from head to foot with the silent, passionate weeping which the first sonnd of bis voice bad power to loose. A little cold breeze steals over the downs and breaks the vapoury clonds which hang like a pall over onr bead, letting the clear white tight beyond >ain through in broken, glimmering rifts. Far away on tbat leaden sheet of liquid glass, one single line of silver ties sharp as a glittering spear athwart its moveless breast It has been raining in tbe night, and tbe drops hang tike a broidery of diamonds over the feathery, deep green moss, and from tbe purple leaves of the honey suckle ; while somewhere from the damp earth rises a scent of cowslips, breaking my heart -beneath its tale of happy spring days gone. I cannot bear it My whole sonl seems to rise np suddenly in pas sionate rebellion ; and I throw back my head, looking with piteons, streaming eyes into John's face as I cry. 'Oh! why shonld it be! John, I cannot bear it, I cannot I bad rather yon had killed me than this. "She never loved yon as I do. She was dead to yon years ago. John, don't you care for me ! John T Care 1 Writing this, years later, I bow my face npon my hands and pray to be forgiven for that moment's cruelty and injustice ; bnt tbe blow bad been so sadden, and at nineteen misery is apt to be nntiiinVing Even as it is, the sound of my own voice, harsh in rebellion, 6tartles me into sodden shame and peni tence ; for he never answers — I have cat too deep for that — only draws me closer to him and tarns his face away ; and I — when I feel the tall muscular frame, which looks as if no storm could shake it, trembling tike a reed — when I see great scalding tears felling through toe fingero which hide John's bowed fece from me — all the wickedness died out of my heart at once mid for ever in the great wave of love and pitying for him, and I nestle to him, trying, thongh timidly, to draw his hand away and beg bim to forgive me. ' I did not know what I was saying. I didn't mean it, indeed I did not' 1 know,' he says gently. 'Ghild, child, do you think lean ever forgive myself ! Will yon ever look as happy again as yon did before I crossed yonr path ! Sweet,' his strong voice break ing with the intensity of its sorrowful tenderness, 'it is my doing ; mine, who loved yon too well to let yon be I might have left toe leaf npon the bongh, and I plucked it, plucked it only to wither. May God forgive me for it !' - His eyes are looking into mine, hag gard with a remorse wMch is so ntterly selfless in its wistfnl reading of tbe white, tear-stained face lying on" his breast, that strength not my own comes ' into "me to meet and give if rest. How can I let him gn away with toe harden of a broken heart upon his soul, if any courage of mine can spare him !' I ' John,' I say, trying to look .np 1 bravely, and dry the tears which dim my eyes from his, ' they will not wither. | Dear John, don't fret abont me. Yon | have never been anything bnt good to me, and I thank Heaven for it Yes, J even now ; for we have done no harm. How could we guess !' ' I might have waited,' he says hoarsely, the angnish in his eyes all nn- appeased, ' Yon were so happy. J might have left you so.' ' No, for I loved you ; and yonr love has made me happier than J. ever was before, and — and for that/ my voice strengthening as I see the tightened lines relaxed about his moutb, ' I wonld rather have it as it is ; I can bear it I better so than if yon had not loved me. I John, won't you believe me ! I was mad I and wicked jnst now, and hurt yon ; but 1 indeed I am stronger than you think. I See, I am not crying now ! I will try I I not to cry any more ; no, not even when I you are gone. I know it is all over ; j 1 that I can never, never be your wife 1 now ; but 1 will love you all the same ; I and if it will comfort you, if it will only make you happier, I will try to bear it well, and — and not to break down any more.' i I am near doing it then thongh ; but bis eyes are as fall as mine, and I thank Heaven he cannot see. ' God bless you,' he says then, very I low and softly, 1 and strengthen you to keep your word, my own trne love. 'If it will comfort rae !' Don't you know that it is the one hope which can make I my life tolerable to me ! Nellie, will j yon give it to me as a promise — to try and be happy !' Happy ! but he is looking at me eo I eagerly -I dare not let my lips quiver as I I answer, ' I will try and he cannot j speak at first to thank me ; only, after j a minute he takes my two hands, and bending his head low, kisses them, ssy- 1 iug again, ' God bless yon.' And then for a little while we are silent. What is there more to say when all is said, or do when all is done i There is no thought with us but of the inevitableness of what has f illen upon us ; no thought, despite Major Burt's hint, which might have shaken some minds less right and true thau John's, that any wrong-doing of hers, anything I but death itself! can bring as two to gether now ; or that we shall ever etand hand-in-hand again, as for the last time we stand to-day. The last time 1' Yes, does not the very tightening of John's fingers tell it as they stroke with lingering pressure the head bowed down upon his sheltering 1 arms ; while look and speech and even consciousness are all bnt swept sway 1 fr«m me in the pitifnl clutching at every 1 second as it passes, in terror of that I moment wMch must take me for ever from the heart wMch has been mine — I the heart on which, even now, I lean for I strength. And I get it. When John says, in a I whisper loader to me than the arch- I angel's tramp, ' Nellie, Msb me,' I know I the time has come. I know too tbat I every minute's delay only makes it worse for both ot as ; and tnere are omy silent tears on my face when I lift it to his in that last lingering kiss. The silver line has faded from the sea, and the harrying clouds have broken into a small swift rain. John lifts my shawl, which has fallen to the ground, and wraps it round me with that aoxions, loving care which once I thought would have made my life easy for evermore. Does he think of that ! Oh 1 my love, my love, no need, looking in yonr fac?, to ask or doubt, and yet through all his grief for me, bis keen remorse, his bitter pain and tender, passionate love, not once has auy word or sign for self crossed the "stainless mirror of my lover's heart, or wrong one word of rebellion from the lips which will never tonch mine again on this side of the grave. To the last, his one thought is for me ; I and he knows how to nse it, forwhen he leaves me at my own door he says : ' Darling, you have given me a promise. Remember, when I am gone, my last word to you. I, who love you more than life, who lose more than life in los ing you, I trust yon to keep that promise to me as yon woald have kept yonr mar riage-vow.' And I have. It is fifteen yearsto- day since that April morning. Fifteen years ! and in all that time I have never even seen John's face again, never heard his voice, or felt the tonch of his hand in mine. Nay, and I never shall again till the Father of Mercy calls my tired feet to rest in toe haven where, five long win ters back,' I saw my love had gone before me — gone in the prime of Ms life, and in the midBtof those labours through which alone they, who hoped that silence wonld teach me to forget; have suffered me to learn that he still existed. And' all this while J have gone on living ; I living from girlhood into womanhood living as I may tive on till old age ; not unhappy — he ' trusted ' me for that. No, uor uselessly — or how could I be worthy to see his fece again ! only as the tree lives which, stripped by toe lightning, yet holds the ivy on its branches, and shelters by its trnnk the primroses which grow abont its root. There is no more ' story' in my life. 