GENERAL NEWS. New Zealand intends to.go to (he London money market for a loan 'of '£3,000,000, if: favourable terms can be (obtained. . : On the Monnt Roth well estate a jet-black greyhound ran wild is canting havoc among the sheep. : . There is land in (he Narracan Valley, Gipps Land, capable of carrying 10 sheep to the acre. Mr. Hickman Molesworlh, (he well-known- barrister, and son of His Honor J edge Moles - worth,' was married at Sale on Wednesday to Miss Feck. At the Buckland mill, belonging to (he. Day Dawn Mining Conmany, , Cl/aEtep Towers, a retort, containing l,600oz." of: amalgam and abont SOOoz! tit gold was stolen off the fire. - It; was taken a quarter of a mile, and the gold shot oiit and carried off. Five men Were engaged on (he battery. A rather lively conflict jnst now isgoing on ' amongst the different townships claiming to have tbe beBt right to be seleeted as the cathedral city of the hew see of Riverina. : The local papers at Hay, Deniliquin, and Narandera put in Btrong claims in this matter, each natifaining that its own town ship is most suitable for the purpose. A shocking accident happened at Coy's Diggings, : about 10 miles from Murchison, on Wednesday evening last, to two lads named respectively William 0. Jones, aged 10 years, and Henry Mason, aged 11 years.. It appears that these, youths, in company with several others, were on their way home from school, when, perpdying a native.bear. up a tree, they got an axe for tbe purpose ot felling tbe1 tree' to get'lhe ianiraal, and not knowing which way the tree was most likely to foil they unfortunately got in the way, the limbs striking the sbovenamed ty-O. foaitoifog .the thigh of fgnesaiqtely, while Mason received atevere fractore of tiie pelvis- Dr. Hrily, of Rushworth, was sent : or, and on his arrival recommended thtir immediate removal to (he Mooroopna Hos pital, whither they were taken by the first train on Thursday morning.: 1 It -appears that one of the' timers of the seditions address , was Dr- MTngrny, ftbe barrister, who has been appointed in reviewing Dr. Hearn's codification of tiie law. Tbe Age says " It is stated that Dr. MTnemy's appointment was virtually, madc by- Dr. Heani,and.that it. Ji-mly -donfirmed liy sfo K3:,0'IiOghlen.: l This assurance does not affect tbe statement we made. Dr. MTnerny is credited with baring indited or revised the bombastic manifesto sent to the Mayor of Dnblin. and (here is no doobt about his name haringheen attodied to the document. Subsequent to thedebrte on Hie olmoxioiiB address Sir Bryan O Logb- ten appointed the learned gentleman to an important position, riz., (hatoE a law- maker, he .being erideotlya man whohas sympatiues" with toybreafcma. JMebb ftfo pretended itbat/tite Fremier acted m i >>r. Hearn's puppet in making (he awfotonent in question, toe confirmation of Dr. arn e Ty7TwinaHrm wrb in direct viO wion of "well nvmMMil niAtlin rnnnifiLn-' i A Smeaton ooiretoondent of tke Bottrnvt Star says j— "A shocking accident has happened to a boy, Bartholomew Sheehan. about 13 yearaoli ton pf Mr. B.F. Shen. of tiibCumberland Hotd.. Tt.appMS tbrt the boy'got an old POt/ gunpowder in it, and (hm fead with his knife and put;, (ir Sn tt® Not having a ma,be imide a substitute for o&e; .hl pfa match. In putting it onjae toppte at toe pistol, however, (he . IilultOn ronsed 1 tiie pistol todischaige wkilehbiaiheit wii Us bmid oyer the rnnzrie. contents passed throuriy -tlm pdMl® band, making - a fearful boto fo rt, ihd carrying & great jpttioo Tbe Wl was rmmediy rfoto %fo father to the District treatment . It is not yet known whethrifthe hand will have to he amputated, . were about 15 other scboolhRys round wattejnglhe proceedings 'arid ft was wondet that eomeptiierbqy iras not injured by the Tall -pasting away. The accident occurred during the school dinner ilOUIV--'. ' " "New South Wales enterprise enpoare to he developing toalarge extent in a fresb direction,1' remarks (he Sydney Morrtmg Herald, "hriiutaccderattethtohyrecent fqiort«brti)e toe nortiieni portion cff Wtetem lAWUvdia. Weere-infonned second 1,000,000 araps of tendon the Fftzrqy j River in Jhe colony named .and aJjtotot to 200,000 rSi teken np d itilngEttokte by j toe Drf&'jMBnaierter. ahetena isstated t comprises pprtifHu of the route taken by Mr. Alexander ..Forrest, who , was com missioned /%y -. the Western Australian authorities to ' explore the country in its vicinity/ Mr. Forrest has referred in most favourable terms to the country in which these large areas have been secured, and since then additional holdings have been acquired by different persons, and partly Btocked, and are having more sheep and cattle forwarded to them. The holders have been granted leasee, baying a tenure of.Jl yearo, which, however, axe eligible for renewal, and one of tbe conditions -attached to ihem is that the holdings must be stocked within three years from the date qf issue." The Count de Beaumont, or Henry Bryant — as the Instigator of (he Russian scare in Melbourne is bettor known— appears (ob serves the Oeehmg Advertiser) to have left anxfons friends behind him in Perth, Western Australia. According to the Police Oaaette, Beaumont arrived in Melbourne' in February test by the. steamer "Macedon," from Western Australia via Adelaide. On the 2nd -May a warrant was issued fay Mr. G. W. Leake, P.M., of Perth, ."for the arrest of a man calling himself Sir George Chides Robertson Beaumont, Bart; charged with obtaining goods by means of valueless cheques. He -was arrested on toe 2nd ite.", and the following property was found upon him! viz. Leather jpocket- book with 'Sir C. EL Beaumont, Bti, and '.The Hon. Charles RobinBon, BL,' written.' on ft; cheque drawn on the Union '.Bank of Aus tralia, Adelaide, for £7,000, signed,. ' G. C. B. Beaumont cheque drawn on tbe Union Bank of Australia, Perth, for £5,300, signed ' Charles Beaumont ;' two cards with "Sir F. IW/Beanroont," jSontli Australian; Club Hotel, Adelaide,',. written on them ; three; cards with ' Mr.F. W. BeodmoaF written on them ; photograph No. 33,972, token at Bal- larak Yictona,l>y Bardwdl and Co., < Miss E. C. Young, 17th March,' 1681,' written on it.'' Bryant, ft will be remembered, was: arrested at Tullaxook on charges of foigery, and now awaits his trial at Melbourne. i A frightful accident happened on the rail- : way line on Friday morning (says the BaXLa- ' rat Courier ) near the fopt of tbe Warrehheip incline, hy which an elderly man named David Lowe lost bis .fife. The unfortunate .man, who was partially deaf, and almost blind, was in the act , of crossing' the line shortly after ',9 o'clock, when the 9.50 goods , train from Geelong came dashing along and ran into , him, one of the buffers of the engine striking him on the tide of the head and knocking him between the rails. The driver was unable to puff up, owing to the steepness of toe incline, and on. toe arrival of the train in Ballarti. information was given concerning theactident. Ckinstable O'Grady immediately left with an engine and van for the Scene of the occurrence, and toe body of the un fortunate man was brought into Ballarat and removed to- Smith's Eastern Station Hotel.: An examination showed that toe head waa frightfully mutilated, toe scalp having been almoet entirely torn off! whilst the right shoulder was -dislocated. Lowe, it appears,, Was on his -way to the post-office at Ballarat East whro the accident happened, and being - partially : deaf, be did not hear toe train coining along. Fallows, the driver of the engine, did not notice him on toe line, as toe train was coming round a curve at the time, and being in a cutting, it was almost an im-' possibility to see him. The unfortunate man has been in toe habit of crossing (he line where the accident took place for some time past, and has on many previous occa sion's narrowly escaped bring run over. He was nearly 60 years of age, and leaves a wife end family of three daughters and two sons, whonre grown np. The Star reports that a claim in Ballarat East is said to be haunted. As apparition, in figure a man, and in antics a mischievous school boy, has from time to time visited this claim at midnight, variously, during the past two or three years, and entertained the men on the premises at the times of its visit by means of a brisk bombardment with rocks, and its own sudden and mysterious dissap- pearance whenever chased. The men did not at first take much notice of these visits, but the manner in which the visitor eludes discovery or capture has been too much for their equanimity. The wizard bombardier does not, like the perturbed spirit of Hamlet's father, walk the night with regularity and seem inclined to speak, but comes irregularly and heaves stones, and has not yet been en- countered by the men who would like to just get their hands on it once. The miners have chased it often, but at the moment they are overtaking it, it suddenly dis- appears until some of them begin to think that it is the devil himself that is worrying them so. Their eager pursuit after this will-o'-the-wisp has resulted in their catch- ing the wrong man more than once, only dis- covering the mistake in time for the captive to escape a belabouring. It is an exhilarat- ing sight to see half a dozen men scampering over the mullock heaps round the claim, yel- ling, and in wrathful exclamations wishing the visitor where the wraith of the Prince of Denmark's papa passed his days according to his most veracious time-table for daily and nightly occupation. It most be a joyous time for the Ballarat East ghost, seeing it so far has escaped any penalty, but if this meets its eye it will do well to take a bit of advice— keep out of the way of the miners as careful as of yore. If they fairly get the spirit once it will be unrecognisable by its own family circle for some time after ward or their magnanimity will be memor- able. "The p&tbolpgicrt; importance," says the Lancet, "of the discovery of the proximate cause .of consumption cannot be over esti mated, nor is it possible to foretell the prac tical results to which it may lead." The discovery thus alluded to is that of Dr. Koch, a German. rihysiologiHt; ' of repute, -who %aa apparently discovered tb® germB from which consumption originates and spreads. By a variety of delicate contrivances he manages "to "make these germs visible wbi'e he has. demonstrated their nature by repeated ex- jeriments upon living subjects. The inocu- ation or injection of the germB into any animal .invariably leads to rapid and enor mous development of tubercle, andthe early death of the Victim. Another German, Dr. Baumgarten, 'has independently confirmed Kodq so (bat the leading medical journal of England accepts the germ theory as applied to consumption as satisfactorily proved. To the public its importance lies in the con sideration that if we learn the cause of toe disease we may Dave good hope of eventually bring able to cure it. If consumption be caused by germs ft must be spread by germs, and must therefore beeontagious, andean possibly be finally stamped out hy antiseptic torereres. If (he disuse ' cannot be eradi cated, at least it can be confined and bettor coped with than hitherto, seeing that np to the present time the germ theory has only been maintained by . a few enthusiasts, and that the infections nature -of the disease has Tint h«m unmected. 