fall) Of the castles you build in the air. OUT OF THE FIRE.* By Heney Kilkdai./.. HE was young when he entered that sphere, Where the pleasures of sin are attained ; And a devil came close to his ear, Arid whispered, and tempted, and gained. On the world with the eyes of a child He looked. It was little he knew; Aiid the sliarfcs wlio were after him smiled With joy at tho plunder in view. By chance he was suddenly placed Where life is a fever—a liame, And plausible rascals made haste To rob him, and bring him to shame. From green quiet forest-lands hurled Into city, ho needed a guide; But he hadn't a friend in the world,j To tlxrust the black tempter aside, jie had money—a fortune indeed : But money meant ruin to him, For he followed a blood-sucking breed Into dens of iniquity—dim. At tables of cards and of dice, He wasted his means ; and he knew But the glare and the glamour of Vice In nights full of glittering dew. Ah ! often he lingered in tears, While morning walked over the sea, And thought of the beautiful years, When his mates were the torrent and tree. But ever Achitophel stood, With shhiing Aholah between The spirits of evil and good ; And the past became brightness unseen. One day when the drink smothered thought, He met with a sharper named Holt; And, maudlin and muddled, lie bought A big, but an ill-looking colt. But a stable-lad whispered, " Depend On my word, there is stuff in The Scud; He will win a great race in the end ; But Holt doesn't know he has blood." In a moment of trouble supreme, When worried by creditors coarse, Hope flashed on his heart like a beam— He thought of the boy and the horse. And full of fine purpose, he said— " I will cast the foul devil away, And lead the white life that I led In the light of the liappy old day." Next morning lie spoke to the youth ; And the boy rubbed his hands in Ms glea, And said—with his eyes full of truth— "Just leave him, my master, with me! The colt must come out at his best; And when saddle and rider are up, He will make the fast Star of the West, And the rest of them, move for ' The Cup.' The Cup was the race of the year, And twenty grand horses were in. "The Scud," cried the "touts" with a sneer, " Is sure to lie last in the ' spin.' " But owner worked hard with the lad ; And pale was the sulferer's face: The chance was the last that he had— He had hazarded all on the race. The day of the meeting was dark With bitter wild wind-driven rain— " The Star has come fit to the mark," Said the mob, " and he'll win it again i" The betting was brisk, when the horse Of the season came out of liis stall, A dozen were backed on the course, But The Scud wasn't mentioned at all. The flag fell away in a roar, And the twenty went olf in a pack; But soon there was seen to the fore, The mare with the purple and black. By Barker's she quickened the pace With a feather-weight close at her side; " In the ' straight, she'll lie out of the race," A cluster of knowing one's cried. At the turn of the track, on the grey Young Jones took the running in hand ; But ha " died" at the Corner away, And Pyramus led by the Stand. But out by the back of the course, The blood, unaccustomed to yield— The Star—the invincible horse— Ban up and showed heels to the " field." But the mare by Olympus, from Jane, Came on with a rush by the gate ; And the Scud dashed along in the rain, And was locked with the Star in the straight. A thunder of cheers from afar, Met the three coming smothered with mud— " The filly—the filly—the Star ! The chestnut—the filly—the Scud !" With the Star on his girth in the sludge, The Scud under whip at the post, Went flashing by Stand and by Judge, With a boy on him whiter tlian ghost. Yea, there, amid clamour and eheer, The colt, full of courage aud strength, Pulled off the great race of the year, From the " crack," by the half of a length And there, on that prominent day, The owner fell back at the last, Aud shivered and faulted away— He had suflered so much in tlie Past. The strain had been heavy indeed, And the world for some moments seemed dim; But past was the season of need— The Scud had won thousands for him. * Suggested by a chapter in Long Oddn, by the late Marcus Clarke. 