movellst. GRIT. A Story of the Fast and Present; of Ordinary men and Ordinary things, In Ordinary language, CHAPTER Xir.—(CONTINUE!..) BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR OF " IN Tliil i-OJ.DS OE TIM SKHl'EXJ'," " SH- VHUWATEli HEND," ETC. 4 4 He sure thy sin will find thee out." It is a beautiful belief: Tlmt ever round our head Ale hovering on angel wings, The spirits of the dead. " Yes," lie said, in ;i low Low. 1 ; 44 it will he dangerous. If that hide prop isn't strong when tlx; big one's gone, nothing can keep tiie stone uy. See Low it's cracked everywhei'e." " You don't like Jack," said Hnicker Sniggles, quietly. "1 love all men, art becomes a changed man," said Obadiah, sententiously. I have had cause to hale him, and my nature has striven with it; but I have wrestled with it and become the victor. Anion." " Yet," continued Sniggles, " lie has done much wrong to you. But lor him you would have converted and married that pretty girls Bertha White. You are fond of her, aim' you, brother?" " Speak not of the unholy longings of the flesh, brother," said Obadiah, in a strange voice. You have raised the rebellious Adam within me. It is ti ne, she is pretty. It is true I hankered after her in the manner of this carnal world. It is even true that her father in a man of money; but, O, Snicker Sniggles! are we not changed men ? Have we not put off the old man and his deeds and entered upon the .straight path. But you have troubled me, brother, and I must pray." It wan nothing unusual for Obadiah to kneel dgwn and pray in the levels ; and he had such a name for piety with the men since he had boon converted at a revival meeting, held by Matthew Burnett, that they always refrained from laughing at him ; indeed, his disciples often joined him. Home of the miners would laughingly remark that praying was easier than work; hut, notwithstanding, they oftener joined than mocked.* " Brethren," said Obadiah, loudly, " 1 have had a visitation. The .sweet call of prayer hath come into my heart, and I beseech you for a few moments to join me in solemn supplication. Come to the love feast! Conn There wasn't much demur. It was nearly the end of the shift, and the men were tired. One by one they laid aside tlieir tools, and knelt by Obadiah. It was a strange picture. Above, below, were the rocks lit by the faint light of the candles, llickering in the musty, misty air. The half-clothed miners, begrimed with clay, seemed like the goblins we read of in German tales. Here and there a huge shadow stretched along the floor like the arm of a spectral giant reached forth to seize a. victim; and in the dim recesses it seemed as if ghouls and demons were lurking for prey in flickering shadows. Afar off the clanking of the machinery sounded like the evil spirits of Merlin at work in chains. Obadiah arose, from his knees apparently strengthened. I£e glanced around in a sort of awe-inspiring way, and then waved his hand to command silence. " Brethren, I have wrestled and been refreshed. Let us now sing that song of praise that our beloved friend [Snicker Sniggles ha.* written." Instantly the miners arose and began to sing, led off hy Snicker Sniggles, whose nasal intoning was something amusing. But tin effect of the different voices resounding in the cavern was something like that which is heard in a great cathedral. Home sang without thought, it is true, but there were others, with simple, earnest voices, who threw all the intense longing of their hearts into the verses seeking in music expression for their feelings. The heart oppressed with sorrow finds in music its truest vehicle. In the mine of life we work our way, Down in the, depths, in the miry clay; Driving in darkness, seeking for light- Lord of Heaven guide us aright. Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Glory, glory, Hallelujah. In the rocks of erijir, hard and grey, We sink and drive by night and day, •Seeking for gold that's hidden there. Listen, O Lord ! unto our prayer— Hallelujah, Hallelujah, ("lory. glory, Hallelujah. (wiping our way through levels dark, No light the " pass" to death to mark ; Working in danger and shadow and pain, O. Lord i with Thy presence our souls sustiiin Hallelujah, Hallelujah, (•lory, glory, Hallelujah. When theday-sliift over, the whistles sound, liaise iirf glorious unto higher ground. Let 'I'lly " cago" with us to the realms ascend Great Manager, to glory that will never end. Hallelujah, Hallelujah. (Jlory, glory, Hallelujah. The wild strains had hardly ceased when Obadiah's hand again waved, and silenc< again reigned. Then in place of the strains that had echoed through the caves ther sounded his unmusical voice. "Brethren," said he, "think well of what we have sung. Is not our life like to a shift in this mine ? In the morning we awake and come to our work and pick and pick away in search of gold, with only the light of feobl candles to show us our way. As we work so will our wage be. We drive, drive, for th golden reef, and alas! how few find it. Yet brethren, it is there. It may be hidden in masses of rock, but it is there, and the way to it is through narrow drives, and much labor is necessary to reach it. And then, brethren after all our toil and trouble the evening draws apace, and the whistle of the engine * The author has no intention to give oflence to true religion. He merely wishes to show the mammy in which the most sacred of ordinances are travestied hy men of the Obadiah Sweetcomfort stamp. sounds telling us it is time to knock olf • Home, give over work cheerfully, and commit themselves unto the cage with perfect happiness ; hut others who have not done well feel no trust. They do not look for any blessed light above; they fear the frown of the manager, and dismissal. Ah, brethren ! may we so work in the mine of life that, when the signal of the Great Manager sounds, we shall take our places in the cage of death, confident of ascending .from the dim light of the dark mine unto the glorious realms above, where He will receive us with smiles, and pay our wages. Yet another simile. Brethren, an? ye not also mines, and is not your master seeking in ye for gold, driving into your hearts to find the precious metal ? Have ye allowed Him to find the golden reef that is within every man ? Has He not stood without, day after day, knocking. Have ye not refused to open to Him ? Has He not sunk into your hearts expecting to find gold, and instead found mere valueless mullock ? All, bretliren! beware. He is long suffering, but his patience will not last for ever. He will come to you in fury, and cast you into the shaft that is bottomless, where you shall he dashed to pieces witli the fall. Amen. Flee from the wrath to come ; il<ie from the blast that's in the rock, and will scatter you in fragments throughout the mine if you do not retreat into the safe drive of religion. Brethren, let us pray." •• Let us work," said a strong, angry voice it the tunnel, and William Brown, Jack's friend, and the manager of the Hesperus Extended, appeared. Instantly the devotees dunk away to their places, leaving Obadiah standing alone. ' What the devil do you mean idling hero," :iaid Mr. Browp, who had become a strong, bearded man, "when you ought lo bo work - We had a visitation, sir," was Obadiah's reply, " and improved the occasion." Yes," retorted the manager; " I've no loubt- you've had a visitation of laziness ; it often comes your way. I've heard a good leal about the style you have been going on lately, and I've made up my mind to clear you out. I wont have such men as you hindering round with your sanctimonious ;ant and unholy blasphemy. You're ruining the men " ' Having their souls," said Obadiah, whose eyes were flashing in a very unsaintly way. ' Having your carcase," said the manager roughly. "After to-day you quit the. mine. Come on, men, it's time to knock off." And he disappeared in the tunnel. The men now fixed their tools in readiness for the next shift, and proceeded to the drive. Obadiah, who seemed very crestfallen, lingered behind. The men did not come to speak to him. The young man who so stoutly stood up for Jack, however, could not help twitting him as he passed. 4 Hot," said he, with a grin. ' Yes," replied Obadiah, with a sneer, and, 4 scowling at the speaker, hot as it will be for him and you hereafter." • We'll take our chance of that," said the other, and he walked on with his mates to the shaft, keeping to the rails to avoid the water which flowed along. The cage had slopped, and those who stepped into it could see; far above, a glimpse of the blue sky, studded with a star or two. '• Where's Obadiah?" asked Hnicker Sniggles, as the last cage was going up, and lie was about to signal to the man above. ' Here," said a seprlchral voice, and Obadiah stepped into the cage. He was in a perspiration, hut very white; indeed, as he took hold of the chain, Sniggles noticed his hands shake. " What kept you so long"?" asked Hniggles •• I had forgotten something" was the reply. One, two, three pulls at the telegraph cord, and away the cage went, up ; up, until it reached the light of day. CHAPTER XIII. " The lightest straw the balance turns; The smallest match a warehouse, burns ; The slightest step out of the path, Leads to a day of doom and wrath.'' in the morn of life, when love's our dream, Ko shade in store appears to In;; Hut beyond love's bright deceiving gleam, Lies life's dark, dreary, troubled sea." The afternoon sun was shining upon Gritty Gully, bathing in its warm light the great goldfield of Grit; but not the field we have seen in the past. Had the ghost of Janet risen now it would not have recognised the spot where its poor clay met so untimely a fate. A great change had come over Grit. The miners who had had their being on Gritty Gully then, had 44 folded their tents," and 4 4 silently lied away." On the whole plain, there was not a tent to be seen ; in their stead arose substantial brick and wooden houses. The street of tents had vanished; and in its place was a line thoroughfare, in the midst of which the Garryowen hotel, a costly structure of brick and stone, rose, displaying a tower of considerable height. There were grocers and drapers, and banks; in fact, all the signs of civilised existence, even to the gaol, a granite and brick structure, that frowned over the reserve—as the spot set apart as sacred from the intrusion of brick, was called The gaol covered the site of what had been the" Camp" in the early days, where Mr. Bunakum's enemy, the Commissioner, lived. The remains of the great alluvial diggings could be seen in the miles and miles of yellow ungrasscd country on every side. Another feature in the landscape told of the great change that had taken place. The stacks of engines rose in every direction, telling of spots where shafts had been sunk deep into the earth in quest of lodes. The field was indeed altered. The sturdy alluvial digger was no more; his place was supplied by wretched fossickers and Chinamen. A new order of men had been created; the quart/, miners. The once restless hordes of goldseekers had either settled down into quiet citizens, or gone off to other fields to pursue their feverish life. In two respects, however, Grit had not changed; indeed, so far as those were concerned, they had become intensified. It was redder and more glaring than ever. Have the dingy green of a decaying gum tree here and there, not a vestige of verdure was to he seen. The denuded surface had been red enough and staring in the past, but now the color was aggravated by the brick buildings that arose everywhere, lied dust, too, rose in clouds on the slightest motion, so that the inhabitants had a little more than their share of that quantum, dust/- everyone is supposed Lo swallow duriiig their life. In regard to drinking, Grit had in no manner changed. Glancing along its principal street—the Parade, as it was proudly called— the eye rested on a public-house every second building. The Garryowen was of course, the great hotel; but further down the street was another, not much inferior, the Patriot. There was much plate glass about this hotel, and a certain air of freedom and openness that well accorded with the idea of patriotism. And who, of all men, think you, was landlord of-the Patriot"? Who, but our esteemed friend Bunakum, the great thinker, the mighty speaker. There he stood at the door as large as life, descanting upon the political questions of the day. He had changed but very little; his attire was still loose and ungraceful— great minds are not troubled about such trilling matters—and the mark of brandy was upon his face. He was, however, a trifle stouter, and, on the whole, looked a more responsible and respectable person J Bunakum had several reasons for standing at his door. The primary one was that which prompts the spider to wait at the outside of his net to seize upon the silly flies that may come within his reach. Bunakum knew everyone, and therefore it would be thought mean of anyone whom he saluted, not to go within and have a drink. Then Bunakum's oratory was of such a kind, that he must be a hard- hearted, close-fisted wretch, who refused to 44 shout." There were no doubt, other reasons why Bunakum stood outside; but the one is sufficient. Beyond taking his drink at the bar, he did little inside. He had provided a fair temptress there, who was quite able to detain the flies, once he had inveigled them past the doorstep. This fair charmer was named Maggie—her surname no one knew. Maggie was voluptuously beautiful, had soft clear skin, very taking, though prominent features; a splendid carriage; and glossy black hair which was done up every day in a new and entrancing style. As she never declared herself in favor of any of her numerous swains in particular, it may be taken for granted that she was very popular. To many of the rough, hardworking miners, she was a sort of velation," and their thoughts by day, their dreams by night, were about the beautiful iiren. When th aO'ritty <UiUy Triniijn't [had fallen into the hands of Hector Macinnis, and Bunakum was thrown again upon the world, his friends, Hector included, came to the conclusion, that above all things, he was suited to become a landlord. Under this impression they lixed him in the Patriot Hotel, and he fully justified their good opinion. lie talked bombast with his customers all day, and at night drank until consciousness was lost, when his able manservant trundled him off to bed to sleep away the fumes of brandy. Ko Bunakum lived and prospered, and made money, although it was evident from his way of life, and the quantity of ardent spirits he drank, that an insurance over his life would not be a safe one. How he had managed to last so long was a wonder even to his friends. " Gentlemen," said Bunakum, solemnly, 4 There can he no doubt the. present is one of the great crisises of Grit. Do I not remember that glorious era when the Gritty Gully- Trumpet was established, which drove the tyrant of this field, the Commissioner, off the place, and made him eventually resign his position ? And now lie returns to seek your suffrages—the man who trod upon you in the days that are past. Gentlemen, if he is elected, I humbly beg you to have me buried in the deepest giave in the Back Creek Cemetery ; there let me rest in peace. Heath sooner than disgrace. How can I live and see this villain triumph over the men of Grit. He is of Lb at party which would hound you down. He is a nominee of the squatters. Huch men as he shut up the lands which wc should have had. Why have not I a piece of my native earth"? Because they conspired against me, and drove me into the public line. The oligarchs did it, gentlemen, tin; vile oligarchs. They've swallowed us up, and he's their tool. Down with him, or bury me! And who stands against him ? Hector Macinnis, gentlemen, the noble Hector, who has championed your cause, who has made the Gritty Gully 'J'nimpi't respected throughout the land. lie must be returned. 4 Ah," continued Bunakum, noticing a group approaching, " How are you. Jack ? Glad to see you, gentlemen." The group consisted of a number of young miners, who were taking a stroll down the Parade before going on the night shift. They were all strong, handsome, manly fellows; but the centre figure was the most striking. He was a strong, but gracefully-formed young fellow; rather tall, but so .splendidly proportioned, that there was nothing awkward in his appearance. His face was open and manly, and was graced with a short brown beard, crisp and curly. His dress—a white tightly-littfiig moleskin Uowsers, secured with a scarf, and a red Crimean shirt—set off his finely-formed limbs to great advantage. Perhaps his greatest attraction, however, was a very genial smile, that lit his face lik< gleam of sunshine, and roguish, pleasant eyes, whose twinkle went straight to the heart of everyone. This was none other than oui hero, .lack. Few young maidens with hearts to let, could resist this same attractive young fellow. .lack was on jiretty fair terms with his father, although he did not live with him. The great sorrow of his early days had been washed away by the waves of time, and, sav*. an occasional fit of sadness, when he passed the spot where had been the tent in which his mother had come to so terrible an end, now occupied by a splendid store; or when In gazed oil her lowly grave in the now unused cemetery—for a new one had been formed about a mile out of town—there was no rccol lection of the past. Home people said he was a sad dog, very fond of womankind, and very much in love with Bertha, the daughter of the rich quartz miner, Mr. White, who was now the wealthiest man on the goldfcld of Grit. It may be mentioned that the Patriot hotel had three distinct missions to fulfil in Grit. There was, first the bar, which was indiscri minately the gathering ground for loafers politicians, and the general public—particularly the young and impressible, who came to gaz< on Maggie's charms. Then there were two snug parlors, where young men could play at that fascinating and essentially Gritty game 4 Yankee grab " for drinks, and money, if they liked, while smiles of Maggie fully made up for the lover's sorrows. Behind this there was a select room, where gamblers of higher degree in sin, we mean, assembled daily and nightly to loo and be looed, varying the entertainment with poker, hazard ami the like. There was at so a billiard room, and a large hall when the boarders dined, and where great meetin were held. Bunakum had a special forte, for getting up meetings; and, as they brought much gain to the establishment, it may well be imagined he did not let the institution die out. Headers of the Bible will remember a passage whore a will captain divided his troops, that if the adversaries escaped one or two companies, they were sure to fall into th hands of the third or fourth. Upon these principles, Bunakum proceeded. Those who eseaped the bar, were, seized by the little had room and Yankee grab; those who passe through the bar and Yankee grab ordeals wen certain to fall into the 44 select room" and loo so that none escaped. A judicious division of forces is of incalculable value. But what wat to be done witli that rapidly-increasing section of adversaries known as the teetotallers, who thanks to the untiring efforts of Obadiah Hweetcomfort, were becoming a power in Grit V The meeting-hall caught them, so that every adversary was properly provided for. It may be as well to explain here, that tin temperance movement was originated in Grit hy Obadiah's respected father. The publican party grew so strong, that it struck that worthy anotli"i" party could be raised up in opposition, and be of value to the men who gave it life. Therefore he formed the United Hociahle Society of Liquor Ahominators Gritty Gully District, of which he became the. Worshipful Grand Honorable Worthy Head Master; so ihat he was known in Grit as Obadiah Hweetcomfort,Esq., W.G. H. W. H. M. of the U. H. H. O. L. A., G. G. D. This society, having so much of moral weight on its side, did become a power; and the worthy founder thought himself booked for a seat in parliament, when the incident we have alluded to occurred, and he was sent to the next world to start a teetotal society there. Great was the rejoicing of the other party, who now thought their troubles over. Their gladness, however, was of short duration ; for Obadiah Hweetcomfort, jun., more than took liis father's place, and so vigorously contested the battle, that three letters were added to his title, and he had already drafted ut a Permissive Bill that made the publicans fairly shake in their shoes. Bunakum was the greatest opponent of this movement, which lie characterised as an attempt of the Commissioner, although that gentleman had left irit—to interfere with the liberty of the subject. He threw the 44 grand old name of liberty" pretty successfully in the faces of the tee totallers. His followers declared people were not ripe for a Permissive Bill. Nor were they likely to he, so long as drinking habits were encouraged by such men as Bunakum. 4 4 4 1 hope, Jack," said Bunakum, that you ure sound upon the question at issue, which will be decided to-morrow. Never was there a contost so frought with consequences as that upon which we have now entered." Always harping upon the same thing, old man," said Willie Goderich, Jack's mate, a lithe, handsome, devil-may-care young fellow. You depend we're all with you." 4 Will you see the liberty of the subject trampled upon '?" said Bunakum, stamping on the ground as if liberty was beneath his feet. No !" was the reply. Will you see the country overriden by proud aquatters V" No!" • Will you be bound hand and foot by Obadiah Hweetcomfort and his waler- drink- ; No!" Talking of that," said Willie, with a light 4 laugh, 4 1 don't think we should stand here ami take a shingle off Bunakum's roof. What lo you say, hoys—a shilling in, and the winner shouts ?" All assented. Jack did not like to hold out, but it was evident he would have preferred to have gone on. It was with a sort of savage elf-vexation that he followed the others. He was perfectly conscious that all his money went in 44 grabbing," and that he lived in a hand-to-mouth way, because he hadn't trength to refuse. He knew Obadiah had gathered money together hy living steadily, and that he was in a far better position than himself. How could he ever hope to be able to ask Bertha of old White, if he went on in this way, spending more than he earned, in folly V A fellow could not save much on ii'A f>s. a week, but lie would save less if he inlulged in 44 yunkee grab." This abominable 4 system of shaking" and " shouting" was ruining him. But, although he knew it was wrong, he went in. We often are perfectly conscious we, are, doing wrong, but lack the power to hold bad:. Company leads us into nil, and we seem powerless to resist. There was also another reason why Jack lid not want to go in. It was well known in (irit that Maggie was "struck" on Jack. Now Jack was very impressible; and, although his early fancy for Bertha had ripened into a passionate attachment, he could not resist being loved by a woman, at whose, feet all his companions were ready lo fall down and worship. A young man finds it very difficult to resist the admiration of a pretty girl. I t was quite evident, when Jack went in, that Maggie made, an exception in his favor. Instead of easting similar smiles around, slu ive her sweetest to lack, and t«»ok his hand. Willie at once called for " her bones," which if course, resulted in the usual chaff. Jack wanted to have, the shake in front of the bar, but Maggie and the others at one; demanded it should take place in the little room. Ho they went in, am? Maggie held Jack's hand and talked soft nothings to him, while the rest shook off. 4 Seven teen's the main," said Willie, handing Jack the box at the close of IheVnlertainmeiit. 1 There, Jack, beat that, and let 4 Maggie go for the present." 4 I'll throw for him," said Maggie, and sin proceeded to dexteriously manipulate the dice. Two sixes were managed the first time, and the filial throw brought up six, at which ther was considerable cluviing. Then Willie at once proposed a " dry shake,," that is, one without drinks. Jack knew himself booked. All his resolutions to give up dice-throwing and cards were scattered to the winds, and there he stayed a willing victim to the charms of Maggie and the dice-box. Not but that Jack knew he was losing tim and money. He knew it too well, but had not the power lo resist, for it would be unpleasant and unsociable. How skilfully Maggie attended to the com jiany, and Jack in particular; how carefully she saw that too many dry shakes did not take place. It is to be presumed the fellows sat down expecting to win something, but in that they were disappointed. " The house" swallowed all the winnings, and a good deal more. It is the case in all publiehouse gambling, that the players rise up poorer than they sat down, whichever way fortune may turn ; poorer in pocket, poorer in health. But they have been amused. How intently Maggie looked at J;u-k the while. She fell in her soul that she loved him as she had never loved another man, and her ajj'iiin'x <h' <'«'<//• had not been few. How delightful it would bo, thought Maggie, as she gazed on his honest handsome face, and sturdy form, to have a husband like him—in fact, to own liim as her property. And Maggie did not think that was dillicult. Hlie knew Jack liked her. Of course, there was the love affair with Bertha, but then Maggie considered that Bertha's father was rich, and would never dream of an alliance with the young miner, who worked in one of his best claims—the Hesperus Extended. Ho, on the whole, she felt very easy. There was a slight divertisement when Hector Macinnis, Bunakum, and several other leading characters passed through to have a look at the hall and see the preparations for the monster meeting that was to be held there that night. There was a slight effusion of red in Heclors's face as he noticed Jack, and the Jailer's countenance darkened. Though years had elapsed, Jack never could forget the past as regarded lleclor; that lie was primarily responsible for wliat had occurred. And there always appeared to bo a shadow over this man. lie had aged very much ; he was grave and studious in appearance, but that might have been caused by the thought lie had to give to that now great organ of public opinion, the flrittij Gully Tmmpnt. Still, neither he, nor Jack could ever get rid of a feeling of bitter antagonism. Though Jack did not care sixpence about politics, he had entered into the present contest with spirit, and taken up the side of the Commissioner, Mr. Miall, seeking to obtain the votes of his fellow-workers against Hector. „ Still the play went on, and Jack lost, until his last shilling was gone. Then he threw the dice-box away from him in a sort of rage. 4 4 1 won't play any more," said Jack, just as he heard the Bunakum party, after examining the hall, settle down to a game of loo in the select room— 44 I'm stumped." 4 4 Go on," said Willie, 44 I'll lend you some." 4 I'll lend you some, Jack," said Maggie, pressing his hand. " No, I won't borrow," said Jack, with an 4 unusual lirinness; 4 I'll try my luck tomorrow." 4 4 Oh, go on," said the party, 4 we'll trust you." 4 4 No," said Jack, with a grim determination. Besides, it's lime to goto work; it's 4 after four." Iteluctantly enough the party withdrew, and, after Jack had squeezed Maggie's hand, they departed to go on the night shift. 4 4 Jack is going against me," said Hector to Bunakum, just after the latter had been looed for M 7s. fid. 4 Yes," said Bunakum, dealing the cards, 4 but I don't think he can do much except amongst his own lot." 1 1 wish he had cleared out of the district," said Hector, in a low tone. 4 4 Oh, he'll he cleared out soon enough," said Bunakum, dexterously turning up a trump that suited his own hand. CHAPTER XIV. As he walked out of the Patriot hotel and stepped into the reserve, Jack felt not a little savage. He knew that he had been doing wrong. Had lie not time after time determined to give up gambling. Had he not seen clearly that lie was losing everything by his folly, and that he would make no progress in life if he continued to lead so foolish and frivolous an existence. Would he allow Obadiah Sweetcomfort to rise in position and become rich, while his life was retrogressive? Was he not more gifted, more popular? But there were the facts staring him in the face. As matters went now, he would never be able to ask Bertha in marriage. And his flirtation with Maggie—why, it was the excess of folly. There is nothing that tends to distract the mind more than the success of others, when onesself is going back every day. Jack hardly saw a way out of this difficulty. He seemed to despair of getting sufficient strength to resolutely say 44 no." Besides, he was very fond of fun and society, and found it very difficult indeed to resist their temptations. He was musing in this way, his eyes cast on the ground, when lie heard his name breathed softly, close to him. liaising his eyes, lie saw Bertha—not the shy, queerlydressed girl we introduced to the reader, tending her flock at Gritty Guily, but a fashionablyattired young lady. Her face was round, her features small, her eyes blue and liquid. There was a certain aristocratic air about her that had been acquired by living for years as the acknowledged belle of Grit, and the daughter of its richest citizen. But the dear gill had not been spoiled altogether. There was still the same frank, fearless spirit in her eyes that had captivated the boyish fancy of Jack, and nothing that was supercilious detracted from the mild beauty of that pleasant face. The history of these two souls since the discovery of the goldlield of Grit, had been singular in the constancy of their affection. Jack had continued to struggle on, working away, and generally careless of what the morrow would bring forth, while Bertha had risen in life with her father. She, who had often run about over this goldfield after her unruly sheep, accompanied by Lassy, was now the richest lady in the district. Her father, having become a wealthy man, thought he could do nothing better than to send his daughter to a high-class boarding- school in Sydney, in which city he, had himself lived ere he, sought his fortune at Grit. So Miss Bertha went thither, ami learned all the ways of gentility, had fast friends amongst that class to whom she had looked up with much awe in her childhood, the squatters; nay, her bosom friend had linen the daughter of the gentleman whoso, sheep she had herded. In many ways, she was disenchanted, and discovered that squatters were like other mortals—no better, no worse. So, after learning music, French, Italian, and the like, Miss Bertha returned to (irit, a marvel of education, perfectly putting in the shade ail the Misses who had attempted to rule in the very limited society there. These, of course, revenged themselves by reflections upon the low origin of Miss Bertha, but they met with very unsympathetic hearer.4 in the young beaux of Grit, who were attracted by Bertha's beauty, and her father's money. There was not a bank clerk in the place who did not think he ought lo marry Bertha. At every ball or party the most frantic efforts were made to win her heart, but the young lady, although exceedingly fond of flirtation— what girl is not—made no sign. Indeed, had she b.i-'U disposed, she could not, for her father kept a strict watch over her. He was proud and fond of his daughter, and destined her to become the bride of some gentleman, very different from those who now fluttered around her. His cherished plan was to dispose of all his interest in Grit, when he had made the sum lie had lixed upon, £'250,000, and then to seek the shores of his native land, where he would find repose for his latter days, and a husband for the daughter of his heart. He meant that husband to he everything that was nonpareil. He would be young, handsome, rich, good. And so he went on dreaming. 