WHAT JEWEL BosnnDsIE MAY LEAD TO. -A satirical London journal says :--"A weekly contemporary has made a facetious suggestion which it is really quite possible may be some day carried out in real earnest. Alluding to the fact that the col lection of jewels belonging to our noble dames are being one by one stolen and not recovered, it thinks the time must soon come when our nobility will be, so to speak, cleaned out. The last boudoir will have been ' oracked,' to use the professional expression, the last 'big haul' will have been made, and our cracksmen, for want of new ' drums' to rifle, will have to betake themselves to other climes, or content themselves with less valuable and more cumbersome booty. At the same time, our aristocracy, bereft of its rents by the coming radical land laws, will be unable or un willing to sink much money in refilling the family jewel-cases, and the wearing of .jewellery will consequently, at any rate in the " high world," come to an end. It is scarcely likely, though, that beauty will be content to go unadorned, and the fair leaders of society deprived of their jewels, will naturally seek some other means of exhibiting their wealth. Now it is quite c!ear that it will not be easy to find a shbstitute for precious stones. Thanks to the great value even of small diamonds and emeralds and pearls, the weakest and frailest dame is able to carry about a king's ransom on her head or round her neck with out any inconvenience whatsoever. To carry a similar value, even in gold, she would find very tiring, and practically im possible. What then can take tlhe place of 'jewellery ? China is very valuable, some of it, but, then, it is exceedingly brittle also; and a lady with a 1000-guinea cup dangling round her neck, or a priceless S?vres plaque arranged as a head-dress, would know no peace whilst in society. The chances are, indeed, that she would quickly get her china ornaments smashed. Gobd pictures, again, are very valuable prdperty, but we scarcely see how a lady =could wear even the smallest paintings ?with either comfort or elegance. A pair of old. masters might be worn a la sandwich mean, it is true, but not even the chic of the ' professional beauty' could carry off so clumsy an arrangement. Pictures taken out of their frames and off the stretcher on which the canvas is strained would lend themselves better to toilet purposes, we ad mit. A clever modiste would doubtless be able to make up a Millais, say, thus treated with wonderful effect. The fashions might even be altered in order to give effect to such a use of choice oil-paintings. Then, certainly, a duchess could easily wear some £20,000 worth of Landseer or Millais or Meisonnier to a ball; though it does not at all follow she would wear £20,000 worth of either of those painters back from the ball again. The probabilities are that she would not; and thanks to the depreciation in value which would inevitably be the result of any such use of rare pictures as we have sug gested, it is not likely that oven the most ostentatious owner of a fine art gallery would allow his choicest specimens to be thus turned to account. China and pic tures being thus out of the question, there remains only one other possible substitute for jewellery, viz. books. The prices fetched at the Sunderland sale have opened the public's eyes to the value of old books as they were never opened before. As it is possible for any one of us to easily carry strapped-together books and MSS. of the aggregate value, say of £1000, it is clear that next to precious stones, come old books in value and portability." A BEAn MAN ON Snow.-Mr. David Mar shall, a native of New Brunswick, who has lately introdudced himself to public notice in the town hall of Providence, United States, lays claim to be a remarkable freak of nature. His father is of French extraction, and:his mother is a daughter of green Erin. His head and torso, though uncommonly furry, do not differ in any other essential respect from those of the average male human being. His legs and arms, however, are ursine in shape and armed with formid able claws that would do credit to a pure blooded old grizzly. He goes upon all-fours with the genuine bearish swinging gait, and growls with ?realism eminently calculated to chill the blood\of his hearers. The bear man is characteristically fond of music and sugar-candy. For honey he entertains a tender and insatiable passion. These are his bearish predilbotions. His physical strength is amazing\ and, in the graphic language of American journalism, he is described as slinging an ugly left. As a child his appearance was so alarming that his parents kept him in strict seclusion. But upon attaining his majority two years ago he emancipated himself 'from their thraldom and roamed the forest free until quite lately, when he resolved to turn his peculiarities to profitable account. THE FARneuRS' ALLIANCE.-At a recent meeting of the committee of the Farmers' Alliance it was resolved that a land bill for England and Scotland, or the outlines of one, should be prepared by a special com mittee of the alliance, and a committee was appointed for thIme purpose. lResolutions were also passed to hold a conference in November to discuss this measure, con denining reciprocity and fair trade, and declaring that if protection were restored the first interest to suffer would be agri selture, and oexpressing sympathy with the fdrmers of Aberdeoenshire in their efforts to obtain a reduction of rents and a land bill for;Scotland.-English paper. ;A Hussonous WEDUDING SPEEon.--One of the" most humorous speeches I have ever met with was made by the present Sir Stafford Northcote at a wedding. The right hen. gentleman has more fun in him than is generally supposed, and is par ticularly droll in his treatment of a certain personal defect of his own- short-sighted ness. On the occasion in question hle was proposing the healtlh of a young bridegroom. "As I stand here to-day," he said, "I recall my own sensations thirty years ago. I picture to myself my beaming bride, and tihe wedding guests that graced my own wedding ceremony. I see the carriage waiting at the door, in which my darling is about to step, and my heart is once more filled with the overpowering thought Snow, where thie deuce did I leave my hat ?" -London Town Talk in IMelbourne Argus. . Last year 26,588 inquests were held in Great Britain at an expense of £80,842 18/5, bjeieg an averageo of £.3 5/3 each. MOUNT BaeowNn.-Newssuggestive of very painful possibilities comes to us from Monet Browne. The almost rainless waste ab:,ut the hot auriferous rocks is as' usual left to parch and burn, while the flat lands to north aild west and east are half under water, and tlhe rivers are flowing through the houses of the townships. At Thargomiudah, upon the Bulloo, mailmne have been camping in the heads of gum-trees awaiting deliverance, stock has been swept away, and some human lives lost. At Bourke and higher up, the river has risen from twenty to thirty feet, rendering navigation possible, and floating of steamers and barges that have awaited the coming of the waters since the wool season of 1880. At Wilcannia but very little rain has fallen, and the whole district between that township and Mount Browne has received but an inch of rain since last May. The miners are driven from their work, the halfway publican from his house. The mail, arrived thirty hours late, tells of a ninety-mile stage without water; the teamsters with stores are camped at Tarrella waiting for the rain. What will become of the minors is a question of tragic interest. They cannot have food supplies for any considerable period, even should the water last; they have already been attacked by scurvy and dysentery, and fever and ague. Is it possible that they are left there to die, completely isolated from all aid, as were Burke and Wills at their forsaken depot but some few leagues farther north nearly twenty years ago ? Present information leads to that conclusion. They are hemmed in by a desert in which the few remaining waterholes are rapidly drying up or becom lug polluted by the careases of dead animals. They may break through to a watered country in any direction. The indomitable pluck, which with pitiful foolhardiness is always found in the Australian digger, has ere now made exit from plights equally desperate, but it is painful to count the odds against such a chance. The state of things is wretched beyond description. Those who have seen the long drought upon the north ern plains, when the birds drop dead from the branches, and the cattle stand fettered by their powerless limbs in the mud-banks of the waterholes, know that words fail utterly to depict the horrors of such a time; but a little consolation is generally found in the reflection that human life is not largely risked. In this present case it is men who are driven back on the waterholes and not sheep or cattle. Surely those who, against all counsel, are in the habit of rush ing to the first cry of gold, would do well to contemplate them; the lesson dearly purchased should not be wholly lost; and, possibly, their wail of misery will add force to the cry which is perpetually assailing the government to test, and, if possible, unlock the resources of that unknown land which at present lures people to fortune, and often sinks them in despair.-S. M. Herald. - ELECTRIC APPARATUS FOR PsREVENTING COLLISIONS AT SEA.-Mr. J. H. A. Mc Donald, ex-solicitor-general, has just invented under the designation of holophate course indicator an electric apparatus, the object of which is to diminish the risk of collision by night at sea. The indicator consists of an electric light with a reflector, which is fixed on a moveable arm. When the helm is amidships the reflector throws the light straight ahead, the arm being hold fast by two pegs, or detents, which are under the control of the helm by means of an electric connexion. When the helm is ported, an electric circuit is formed, by which one of the detents holding the arm is depressed, leaving the reflector free to move, and then the light sweeps round to starboard with an action like the wave of a hand. When the light has gone round a certain number of points to starboard a screen rises up and shuts it out from view, when the arm comes back to 'midships. If, on the other hand, the helm is put to starboard, the other detenout is removed, when a movement exactly the converse of that above described can be performed. Thus, the strong beam of the electric light is waved to one side or the other, indicating every alteration in the course of the vessel to all who may be within sight; and that the very instant that the course is changed. Under the ordinary method of showing red and green lights on port and starboard, a ship may swing round many points, while the distance is rapidly diminishing between her and another vessel, before those on board the latter canl have any warning of the change. The principle of tihe present invention has, we believe, been brought under the notice of shipmasters, with whom it promises to find much favour. -Scotsman. RosMseN CATrHOLIC STATISTICs.-The Catholic Directory for 1882, published by Messrs. Burns and Oates, by the authority and under the sanction of the Cardinal Arch bishop of Westminster and the rest of the bishops of his church, shows some interest ing and instructive facts relative to the progress of the Roman Catholic religion in England. The archbishops and bishops in England and Wales are 14, not reckoning those of the sees of Shrewsbury and South narki, which are vacant. There are also in Scotland six other archbishops and bishops. Thes priests in England and Wales now number 2086, serving 1100 churches, chapels, and missionary stations; in Scot landtheie are 205 more, serving 286 chapels, &c.;, thus ,showing that both clergy and chapels have doubled in less than 25 years. In 1858 there were only 740 chapels in England anuid Wales and 177 in Scotlhnd,. the total of tihb priests who served them being 1170. The Roman Catholic peers ui the three lkingdoms, are. 388 ; the baronets are 47. There aee six Roman Catholic members of Her Majesty's privy council, and the Roman Catholic members of par liament are 56, allrepresenting Irish consti tuencies, except Mr. Jerningham, M.P. for Berwickl-on-Tweed. The Sacred College of the Cardinals at Iome at this moment consists of 50 members, the vacant lits being 11; and no less thalin seven cardinals have died during the year 1881--viz., Rengier (Archbishop of Cambray), Kueischker (Archbishop of Vienna), Gil (Archbishop of Saragossa), and Cardinals Borromueo, Morotti, Catorini, and Giannelli. Of thi existing College, 82 are Italians, nime Aus trians or Germans, seven French, three Spanish, three English .(viz., Newman, Manning, and Howard), one American (Me Closkey), one Belgian, and one Arme nian. Tothe present volume is profixedan intore?stinglist of the BomanCatholicprelates who have presided over their Church in Eng land during the last threecenturicsas"Vicars Apostolic " down to the re-establishment of the hierarchy in 1850. A LARGE BELL. - - T0 casting of the gigantic new boll for St. Paul's Cathedral, London, has just been completed at the works of Messrs. J. M. Taylor and Sons of Loughborough. Some twenty-one tons of metal was prepared. All being in readiness, three furnaces were opened, and liquid streams poured forth for four minutes and three quarters before the huge casting was. filled. The process being one of great delicacy and difficulty, the operation was kept strictly private. The casting is steadily cooling down. When it is dug out it will weigh not less than 17k tons. It will be the largest bell in the kingdom, if not in Europe. Some idea of the size may be obtained from the fact that the first Big Ben at Westminster weighed but 15 tons 8 cwt. ; and the second was two tons lighter; while Great Peter at York Minster is but 10? tons; Great Tom of Lincoln, 5-.; the previous big bell of St. Paul's, 5 1-10; that of Almutz, 17 tons 18 owt. ; Vienna, 17 tons 14 cwt. ; Erfurt, 13 tons 15 owt. ; Sens, 13; Paris, 12. The process of conveying the new bell to London will be one of some difficulty. The railway in this instance not being available, the casting will probably have to be conveyed by road. A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE DUEL, which will doubtless be welcomed by high- tempered men who are poor marksmen, has been found in Italy. The editor of an Italian paper is said to have received from a fellow citizen, to whom he had given offence, the following letter :-" Sir : I cannot send my seconds to such a scoundrel as yourself. Hereby, therefore, I smite you. That is the sole object of this letter. It conveys to you, on my behalf, a sound slap on either cheek. Be tlhankful for my moderation, which has spared you a postal consignment of hearty thwaoks with my favourite walk ing stick I I remain, &c.;" The next morn ing the editor printed his adversary's letter, together with this crashing rejoinder: " Inimitable adversary : In compliance with your request, I hasten to thank you for having only sent me a couple of cuffs in stead of a severe thrashing. You have struck me in writing. Similarly, I hereby discharge all the six barrels of my revolver at your head and kill you by letter. As soon as you shall have perused this note you may consider yourself a dead man. I salute your corpse with the highest consider ations. Yours, &c.;" This expeditious and bloodless method of avenging one's wrongs ought to prove an acceptable substitute for the " code." AIe MoronS one TiinwAvs. - On the Stratford and Epping Forest branch of the 'North Metropolitan Tramway Company, London, cars are now being daily drawn between Stratford and Leytonstone by the Beaumont compressed air locomotive, which was described in the Sydney Daily Telegraph some weeks ago. The distance is two and a quarter miles, and as there are gradients amounting in the whole distance to a rise of eighty-two feet, and at least one nasty curve in the course of the journey, the new locomotive is fairly well tested. The com pressing station is in the Swan Hotel yard, at the depot of the tramway company. The air is transmitted by a flexible hose laid underground to the engine on the rails in the street. The air pressure at the com mencement of each journey is brought up to 1000lb. to the square inch. The journey to Leytonstouoe, performed once an hour at the moderate rate necessary to make the journey alternate properly with the horse cars, was done recently by the expenditure of 325 lb. of this pressure, while the return journey, which is down hill, only reduced the pressure 125 lb. further. The horses travelling regularly on the o'road' have be come familiar with the locomotive'. The board of'trade regulations require the en gines, so to speak, with long skirts, so that no wheels are seen, and as the engine travels along the road like a moving house, the sight to some horses seeing it for the first time, is a little, but not seriously dis quieting. In the .event. of the Beaumont engine being utilised generally for-tramway traffic, a combined car and locomotive will be constructed. The communication direct to the locomotive, of the air at such high pressure.is an interesting achievement; and the safety of the storage of such high pros sure is obviously assured if the maximum strength of the cylinder is proved originally and by periodic inspections to be well above thie pressure it is called upon to bear. From the commencement of the journey every foot of progress implies a reduction in the pressure. To keep the temperature of the air up during its expansion enough heat is provided by steam jacketing of the cylinders. The high pressure is obtained at an expenditure of from 8 lb. to 10 lb. of coal per tram mile, which is said to be sufficiently satisfactory from an economical point of view. How To PREPARE RENNET.-The following remarks on the preparation of rennet are by Dr. Voelceer, a well- known European authority:-" Thie quality of rennet has a very powerful influence upon the quality of cheese, and there is no doubt that cheese not unfrequently gets injured by badly-made rennet. Great care should be used in the preparation of rennet. Unless the veils or skins from which it is prepared are perfectly sweet, good rennet cannot be expected to be made. Properly-made rennet is per fectly free from all disagreeable smells, and keeps sweet for any reasonable length of time, and withollGut undergoing any material changes in its power to coagulate milk. Thie usual practice in Cheshire is to make rennet fresh every morning, by taking a small bit of dried skin, infusing it in water, and using this infusion for one day's making. For Gloucestorshire asd Wiltshire a supply is made from the pickled vells, which lasts for two or three months. The Cheshire farmers, as a rule, object to the Gloucester shire practice, alleging that rennet does not keep sweet when it is made in any quantity from pickled vells, and kept for a month or longer. This objection, however, is unten able, for I have myself hept rennet simply in a stoppered bottle, and not hermetically closed, for a period of more than twelve years, in a perfectly sound ceondition, and after these many years find it still apparently as active in curdling milk as when it was first made. It is hardly necessary to men tion that a dilute infusion of pickled veils is not lilkely to keep sweet for a icng time, and that ronnot is prepared in considerable quantities. With a view of having a supply for several months, it is desirablo to make a concentrated infnsion, and to take care to add suffioient salt, with some saltpetro to it, to produce a strong brine. At the same time the infusion may, with advantago to its keeping properties, be spiced with cloves or lemon-pool. The Gloucestershire and Wiltshire practice of making a considerable supply of concentrated rennet appears to me preferable to that prevailing in Cheshire, for when once the strength of the rennet has been ascertained by actual trial, a mea sured quantity of the same rennet added to a given quantity of milk will have a uniform effect upon milk as long as the supply lasts, whereas when the rennet is made day by day there is not the same certainty of ob taining an infusion of uniform strength. Excellent rennet has lately been introduced into commerce in the shape of clear briny liquids, which keep sweet for a long time. Prepared roennet, ready for use, certainly offers advantages to dairymen who do not like the trouble of making their own supply, or who have difficulty in buying pickledlod veils in prime condition. Made on a large scale, the manufacturer of ronnot of neces sity is obliged to be very particular in the selection of the vells, and more likely to produce a good preparation than dairymaids, who often are not particularly careful in making rennet. I believe chooeese is often injured in quality by badly-made rennot, that is rennet which is either too weak or which has a bad flavour." DEATHs OF BELL BOnD TunE FnBIALE CON FEDERATE SPY.-Tho death is announced in Paris of a singular " heroine," whose name was once well known in America, if not on this side of the Atlantic. This was Miss Bell Boyd, the Confederate spy, whose adventures were recounted by herself some years ago in a fantastic book. Miss Bell Boyd seems, according to her own account, to have just completed her education, and begun to shine in the society of Washington when the war of secession broke out. She had control over an ambulance at Martins burgh when that town was taken by General Patterson, and was left by the victorious General in command of this institution. As the F'ederals paid little attention to her, and did not scruple to talk over their plans in her presence, she was able to send valu able intelligence to the secessionist leaders, with whom she corresponded by means of an accomplice, who acted as courier between the two hostile parties. But this man was soon taken prisoner, and basely betrayed his former employer, who was thereupon consigned to Carrol prison. From this place she escaped, and made her way to General Jackson's camp, where she joined the campaign with all the ardour of a male warrior, and was often seen discharging her rifle at the enemy. Captured a second time, she was taken before General Butler and again imprisoned; this time at the old Capitol. Her luck, however, did not fail her, and she once more escaped, but having embarked in the Greyhound upon a mission to England for the Confederates, she was, on the capture of that vessel,'again relegated to durance vile till the end of the war. Her next adventure after peace was made was a marriage in England, but being shortly afterwards left a widow, she went on the stage and played in a piece written by hoer self to illustrate her own adventures. Her theatrical successes were somewhat ephemeral, but she contracted a second marriage, and it was not until she had been left by the secondl.husband that she fell into a state of destitution, only partially relieved from time to time by the success of lectures delivered by her on the same subject which slhe had already dramatised. SPEEDY PRINTING. - Some people in ordering work never give the printer time to do it' well or to their own satis faction and often insist on having it sent home before the ink is dry, for it should be remembered that printers'-ink is more of the nature of paint than of writing-ink and requires considerable time for drying. That printing cannot however be done in an instant will be apparent to those who learn on the authority of Mr. Joseph Hatton's article in Harper's AMonthly that the, two extra numbers of the Graphic, issued in the summer and at Christmas, are now printed entirely in colours, and such is the popularity of these holiday editions that they have to be commenced nearly twelve months in advance, that they may be printed in time to supply the demand for them. TuRvAEsING STOCK.-The men who are in charge of travelling stock have not a very pleasant time at this season of the year. The Town and Country Journal says: "Ovsrlauding cattle may be a romantic occupation to those who have not tried it. Those who have been taking stock over hundreds of miles of almost parched-up country have somewhat different experience of the business. Several months of hard fare, hard work, and little sleep, their bovine charges requiring continuous atten tion, so that they may be brought to market in the best possible condition. The life is truly a harassing one, and the constant ex posuroe to all weathers, and the incessant care needed, make it one in which none but the best of bushmen are of any value. Amongst the other trying stages in over landing from the far west to the cities, cattle have to cross what is known as the Old Man Plain, a vast treeless track some fifty miles across. on which there is not a drop of water. Forced journeys are usually made over it, but of course by the time the cattle get near the Victorian side their thirst has become almost unbearable. Possessed of the keenest sense of smell, the animals can detect the presence of water at a considerable distance, and then com mences the troubles of the drovers. The bullocks, animated by a unanimous im pulse, make a rush at an extraordinary pace, and the men in charge have to gallop to the front to prevent them reaching the water in a body, in which case the weak est would certainly be trodden under foot and smothered. All the skill of the drovers is required to cheek the thirst-maddened animals, which are eventually allowed to reach the welcome water in knots of ten or fifteen, so that they may slake their thirst )vitlhout the danger of injuring their com panions." The first law of gravity is never to laugh at your own jokes. Girls with clocks on their stockings ought to keep good time. Houses MAEur or GLass.-Perhaps not one builder or contractor in ton, if told that the comlmon grades of glass made at the glass factories in this city have a crushing strength nearly four times as great as that credited by experienced engineers to the strongest quality of granite, would accept the state ment as true. Yet it is fact, and being so, the query as to why glass has not received more attoetion from architects as a struc tural material naturally suggests itself. A reporter had a talkl with several prominent glass manufacturors on the subject, and, in answer to an interrogatory as to whether blocks of glass could be made in suitable lengths and sizes and so annealed as to be utilised in the construction of a building in pliac of stone, they said that it could be done. Said one of theso gentlemen: " This question has been considered by myself a number of times, and although I do not want to advocate the absolute abolition of brick and stone, yet in the erection of art galleries, memorial buildings, &o.;, astructure composed of blocks of glass in prismatic colourswould be a unique, beautiful, and last. ing structure. With the numerous inven tions which have come into use of late years in connection with the production of glass, the cost has been gradually going down, whilst the quality of the fabric is steadily becoming better. One objection which would be raised to the durability of a glass house, in the literal sense of the words, might be that the blocks would not take a bind, or adhere together with comnmon mortar. This objection can be readily set aside by the use of a good cement, and when completed the structure will stand for ages, barring extraordinary accidents. As to the cost of a glass house, it can be kept down to but a small percentage above the price of cut granite. In building with stone you have to pay the stonemasons, and when it comes to elaborate examples of carving, in Corinthian pillars, collars, and capitals, &c.;, why the worhk is rather costly as compared with glass, whouen the latter can be moulded into any shape or form, and the work accom plished in much less time. I am convinced that the time will come when we will see such a building erected. Scarcely a day passes but what the sphere of glass as an article of use becomes widened. In parts of Germany and one line in England glass ties are being used on railroads, and thus far have given satisfaction, combining all of the requisites of wooden ties, with the virtue of being susceptible to usage at least 75 per cent. longer that wood. Then by the Bastia process glass articles are now being made for eommon ense which can be throwsn nn the floor and will rebound like a rubber ball. Progress is also being made towards render ing glass, which has ever been characterised as "the brittle fabric," ductile, and to-day threads of glass can be made that can be tied in knots and woven into cloth. Wore one disposed to give play to fancy and fuse it into fact, a house entirely composed of glass could be built with walls and roof and floors fashioned from molted sand. Carpets of glass could cover the floors. The most ultra ersthoto, sitting' on glass couches, ar rayed in glass garments, eating and drinking from glass dishes, such a one could realise that the age of glass had come. Yet nearly all of this, fifty years ago, wouid have been classed with the then impossible telephone and electric light, and this statement would have likely found its place in the index expurgatorius.-Pittsburgh Dispatch. A NEW CRAZE.-TorPO are indications of a new archaic, eesthetic, and dyspeptic develop. ment which may affect not only our business and our bosoms, but our stomachs as well. Somebody in England has discovered, and will shortly publish, a transcript of a series of cooking recipes and bills of fare of the fifteenth century. That date is about two centuries before Queen Anne; and whoever would be utterly utter in serving a dinner, acc rding to the correct date and style, must go back 200 years or so in the dining room furnishing, and substitute wooden bowls and pewter platters for " keramics." And as to the forks, not even in the palace in England were they known till the six. teenth century. Bluff Harry, the much married, who died in 1547, never used a fork. The great Queen Bess had several presented to her, but used the article only on state occasions, probably when tihe foreign ambassadors were present, who had brought her the " testhetic," article, as a gift fit for a sovereign. High breeding in those days consisted in skill in so using the fingers that the hand should not be smeared quite to the wrists. This accomplishment, by the way, might be useful now at picnics, or with travellers who regale themselves in railway cars. As to the nature of the viands, we may probably infer, in the con dition of the nineteenth century stomach, that the grace before meat might be (with a reserve of doubt) Mlay good digestion wait on appetite, And healthl on both. -Philadelphia Ledger. A STRAoNG SmTEae.-Horsemanship is scarcely the correct term to apply to an extraordinary performance reported by our Hungarian contemporary; doormanship would probably be the more appropriate word. The other day, while a noble stag of ten was being hotly chased by the Kaposztas megyerer hounds-a subscription pack one Karl Pores, a discharged hussar, managed to bring the terrified animal to a standstill in some close cover through which it was forcing its way, and by an almost superhuman effort of strength and agility, to vault upon its back. After several desperate but unsuccessful attempts to dislodge its rider from his seat, the stag stimulated anew to flight by the cry of the fast-approaching hounds, resumed its course, but it soon broke down under the weight of its unaccus tomed burden and gave up the ghost through shliceer exhaustion and terror. Poros-at least, so the story goes-was found by the huntsmen sitting on the unwounded earcase of tihe stag, which he had literally ridden to death and resolutely claimed as the just reward of an achievement unprecedented in the annals of the chase.-European Mail. Convicts who attempt to escape from Dartmoor fare ill when recaptured. One who was recently unsuccessful, and caused a great deal of trouble before he was taken again, has been sentenced to hlave weights amounting in total to fourteen pounds riveted to his clothing, and not removed during the remainder of his servitude. His dress has been made more conspicuous than before, and the remission of punishment which he had gained has been withdrawn from his credit. TinE COsnIECIACr,L VALUE OF FLOWERS. Though flowers are grown for pleasuro by many thiousands of people in Australia, it is strange that no attempt has been made to turn them to account for perfanmery. The Australian colonies are admirably adapted for the cultivation of flowers, and yet what: will perhaps be eventually a prominent horticultural industry, is at present com pletely ignored. :iLut few people have any idea of the extent and value of the per fumery trade in various countries, many of' which are not nearly so well circumstanced for raising flowers as any of those colonies. In the United States the cultivation of flowers for perfumery purposes, though as yet only in its infancy, has proved a great success, and there is no reason why Aus tralia should not follow suit. We have a climate especially well adapted for growing all the flowers which afford the bases of the various perfumes used ine commerce. The rose grows most luxuriantly, violets flourish during the winter and spring months, and the tuberoso, jasmine, lavender, and other strongly-scented flowers flourish to the fullest degree of perfection. Orange flowers again can be obtained as freely as in Italy and other parts of southern Europe. As show ing the extent of the trade in flowers for' nerfimery, we may remark that fromrt Ilnumolia alone rose leoves to the value of .L100,000 are annually exported, chiefly to England azsd France. For lawndler nverd00 acres at Mlitcham, near London, are kepit in cultivation, and large areas in other places are covered with this odoIr nus plant. Pyr'thumn is cultivated by hunldreds of tons in Europe for making in sect powders of, for which purpose it is most destru, tivo to insect life. Orangeo blossom growing is one of the best paying horticultural pursuits in France and Italy, and the quantity of neroli and other scents, as well as conserves, made from orange blossoms is enormous. Violets are grown by the acre in France, and were more ex tensively used in the time of the Napoleons, when the violet was adopted as the royal flower. Near London, at Mitoham, there are usually about sixteen acres cultivated with violets for makling into the little bunches which are sold about the streets and in the shops. Saffron, safflower, and calendula (or marigold) have long been cultivated for the yellow dye or powder yielded by their petals. Tuberose, cassia, jasmine, and numerous other flowers yield valuable scents by distillation or otherwise,.. and hundreds of varieties of blossoms give dyes or medicines of great value.-Federal Australian. Sir William Armstrong, at Craigsido, near Newcastle, England, has utilised a brook to run a dynamo-electric machine by means of a turbine waterwheel, and so manages to secure electricity enough to eoop thirty-seven Swan lamps in a state of incandescence in his house. In this case. the motive power costs nothing, and eleo tric lighting in this way is an exceptional luxury. It was calculated that there were recently in the magazines of Odessa a million and a half quarters of grain of all kinds ready for exportatiou and another million and a half at the other ports of the Black Sea and those of the Sea of Azoff, the whole valued at no less than 30,000,000 roubles. At a private salo in Wilton Crescent, London, the noteworthy portrait of Robert Burns, which Edward Skirving drew in red chalk, and Mr. Smiles described at length in the Lives of tie Engineers, was bought by Sir Theodore Martin. It is life size, the face being in three-quarter's view. Those who are interested in the history of the first French revolution will probably learn with surprise that the great-grand children of Camillo Desmoulines, as well as thie widow of his son Horace are now living in Hayti. The existence of the descendant :of the orator of the Palais RIoyal has been made known in the form of an appeal to all sincere republicans on behalf of those persons, who are represented as being in a state of the utmost destitution. Only a few weeks ago a descendant of Danton re vealed himself in the shape of a non-com missioned officer in the Austrian service, doing duty in Bosnia. The latest crop reports from the United States agricultural department give the average yield of wheat per acre last season as 101- bushels, against 138 r the previous year. The severe winter, the drought, and insects caused a large falling-off in the crop in the west, but the quality is generally reported good. Corn has yielded on an average 201 bushels per acre, a fall ing-off of about 25 per cent. from the pro vious year's yield. The quality is not up to the average. Tihe drought seriously affected the cotton crop in the south, and the total yield will be considerably less than in the previous year. In Louisiana the decrease is about 88 per cent., in Texas 40, in Arkansas 60, in Florida 15, in Tennessee 42; while in South Carolina, Mississippi, and Georgia the crop will be about the same as last year. A mother, noticing her little daughter wipe her mouth with her dress sleeves, asked her what her handkerchief was for. Said the little one, "it's to shako at ladies in the street. That's what papa does with his." A Sanu Francisco physician, believing that he discovered a cure for hydrophobia, and desiring to test it, has had himself bitten by a rabid dog. Great interest is felt in the fate of the dog. Edison has invented a machine so powerful that it shocks its own modesty. It is astonishing how fast an oyster can swim after he is sauce. Brown says he saw a restaurant-keeper bail our fourteen ladles of sauce before he succeeded in catching a single oyster. You can tell a merciful farmer as soon as he stops his team at a: post. 11e takes the blanket off his wife's lahp and uprcads it over the poor horses. Being told that it took three minutes to boil an egg, our mathematical Muaggy boiled twelve eggs thirty-six minutes. They were well done. It is bettor to snore in church than to never go there. Let him wake up when the contribution.bo: comea around and the snorer can square himself with the deacons. A wealthy citizen of New York, in celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of his wedding, toasted his wife as " the healthy old lady who cosbino.s beauty 'and dura bility." 