ENCLANS AGAINST AUSTRALIA— BEFORE AND AFTER THE BATTLE. Br One op inn Australians. Tho Gloucester match ended in a draw greatly in our favor, as thoy had to got 160 and we had still four good wickots to fall. Tho wicket on tho last day was very slow. In our second innings wo had six out for 80 runs. Massio wont in and hit up55 in half-an-hour ona very difficult wicket ; without doubt it was a splondid oxliibition of brilliant hitting. Alio. Bannorman played a good innings for 21. Unfortunately for us, tho last ball of tho day, a full toss from W. G. Grace, split his finger, tho Bccond ono on tho right hand, which will prevent him from playing with lho team on Monday. If he should play ho will ho far from doing him- solf or us justice. Palmer is totally unfit to play on account of a sovore strain in lho groin, but he will try his best for tho honor of Australian cricket. Murdoch is also queer, anil had to stand out of tho match at Clifton. Our bowlers aro quito worked out, especially Boylo and Gar rett. All the othors are completely knocked np with too much work, and look more liko a gang of laborers after a hard day's work than tho smart team thoy wero whon wo met tho Gentle men of England. So you see wo are not in tho best of condition to meet such a tough sido as England will send into tho field against us. But, pleaso God, wo will pull together and do our host and trust to tho uncertainty ot tho grand old gamo. Whilst writing ovorything looks gloomy ; in all probability tho match will bo played on dead wickets, if plnye.1 at all. This afternoon a very heavy shower of rain fell, which will make tho wicket for tho morrow very slow. Wo are on tho evo of tho great match. Nearly all our follows aro in good spirits and very expectant. Thoy are under tho impression that one of our big guns will mako a largo score. Palmer will go down to tho ground earlier than usual to hayo a try with tho hoys. If lie plays aud bowis any way in form, I think wo have a very good chanco in spite of our jaded condition (let us hope so.) Tho hotting is G to 4 on Eng land. Murdoch is all right anil will captain us (I hope to victory.) I havo sent yon a copy of tho Illustrated Lon don A'tirs with sketch' of team — a very poor pro duction as regards portraits. I do not think our host friends could distinguish us from ono another. After the battle (29th August) We played tho best team England could send into tho field, and havo conquered them without tho assistance of our best bowler, Palmer, who at the last moment was advised by his medical attendant iiot to play. Jones played instead of bin). Murdoch won tho toss, and wo were vory jovial over having the first of tho wicket, which appeared to he in vory good order, but our joy was quickly turned to grief when our last wicket fell for the small total of G3 runs, Blaekham hoing tho top scorer. They com menced with their tails Uito high, but at tho end of tho day thoir last wicket foil a fow minutes before six o'clock for 101, giving England 33 runs to tliegooil on the first innings. Spofforth bowled well, and was ably backed by Boylo and Garrett. Our fellows were very smart in tho fiold, and Blackhain bohind tho wickotB was in his best form. The numhor who went through tho turnstiles was 19,1)00; so ended tho first day. During tho night heavy rain fell, which con tinued off and on up to ton o'clock noxt morning. With 33 to tho bad Massio and. Alio wont to tho wickots, aud mainly through tho former's plucky and brilliant flitting the first wicket did not fail until GO runs had Don registered, Slassio hoing bowled by Steel, for a rapily piayod innings of 55, tho highest scorer in the match, of eourso tho wicket played easy when ho was in on ac count of tho rain, but was quickly drying np and getting sticky, which accounts for tho falling off m our batting. With tho exception of Murdoch none of tho othors shaped well against tho Eng lish howling, and onr scgond innings, which bid fair to bo a big ono, only reaohod 122 runs. By tho by, I almost forgot to mention Aoto Jones teas run out by W. G. Grace. Murdoch played .". ball to short log; Littleton, tho wioketkooper, ran after it and throw it in, tho batsmen, in tho meantiiuo running 1 run. W. G. had tho ball in his hands for fully 10 seconds. Jones, think ing it had boon returned to tho bowler (Steel) left his ground to pat down a lamp which had been mado by tho ball last delivered. Whilst in tho not Graco put his wickot down and appealed for a run out to Thorns (tho English um pire). Ill's (Thoms's) answer was, "If you claim it, sir, I will havo to say out 1' Grace claiming it Jones had to retire amidst sundry groans and clapping of hands. At tho timo this was unfortunrto for us ; Jones was batting very woll and runs wero coming fast. All our follows wore awfully put out about tho sharp cricket shown by Graco and took good caro to lot him know about it. Hornby said it was a great pity it over took placo. Numbors of tho English pooplo woro glad wo won on account of Grace's conduct. So wero wo. Whon Hornby and Graco walked from the pavilion to the wickot to commence thoir task of making 85 runs thoy woro greotcd with tremendous cheors, which emanated from tho throats of Eorao 20,000 peopio. Spofforth anil unrren coramenceu rue uownng ; uarrotc re ceived instructions to keep runs down and Spof forth to go for. the wickots. Whon 15 runs had boon scored, Spofforth got ono past Ilornb >, 1 — 9—15. As ho was leaving, Te re marked if it' camo to a closo thing ho was a good ono out of tho way. Barlow camo noxt, and was dismissed first ball by lho "Demon" — clean bowloil, contro stump, onr follows rejoicing. 2—0—15. Ullyott filled tho broach. He and Graco scored frooly off Spof forth, who at this timo was howling rather' wildly. With 30 on tho board, Spofforth changod cuds, and Boylo wob put on iti placo of Garrett, with instructions to keep rnns down ns ranch 'as possible. The first ball was nearly fatal to tho Yorkshiroman, as ho bit it in closo proximity to Boyle, who just touched it withliis fingers, which split them, sind caused thorn to bleed. If Harryhad not touched tho balh Spofforth, who was fielding raid-on, a littlo bohind tho howler,- would havo caught it. Boylo retired to tho pavilion and had . his linger bound up,, and then wont on bowling as well as over. Both batsmen woro playing thct howling vory badly, sovoral times hitting tho bail just out of tho reach of tho fields men. Forty appeared on tho bard amidst deafening cheers, , quickly followed ' by 50. Moro , cheering arid laughing, which was caused by somo Australian catling out 'well bowled," thinking a' wickot hod been bowled instead of a run being' made. Aftor 1 wore bad boen added Spofforth sent a very fist ball welt up to Ullyett, who tried to hit to tho off, but missed driving it, -touched it pretty hard and Blaekham mado a very good catch at tho wickets— a wind and. water one, 3—11—51. Lucas camo next and saw Grace hit Harry for 2, but in trying to hit him to tho off, hit too soon, consequently giving Bannerman a chance, which was taken. 4 — 32—53. Crowd getting uneasy. Australia jubilant. Lyttleton came next and fluked a 3 to leg, Bonnor chasing same grandly. After somo iluky runs had been got by Lytlloton, GO went up, the crowd simply yelling. At this stage of tho gamo Boylo and Spofforth howled grandly, every ball a good length, plenty of Btuff on, especially Spofforth, Tho batsmen wero in for half an hour for 1 run, which was made by Lyttleton from a vory uppish hit off Boylo ovor mid-on's head. Our follows were fielding splendidly, and so cool and quiet not a word was to bo heard from any of ns, so rigidly did thoy play tho game. You could seo by each man's faco that ho was deter mined to dio game. My' word, old fellow, I felt proud of our littlo band, and so would Australia have been at that particular timo. Imagine us fielding bail after ball with the faint hope of winning the match. With the score at 66 Spoffi bowled Lyttleton with a beautiful ball, which must have broken a foot, thus making five out for 66, tho Inst (wicket having put on 12 runs during throe-quartcra of an hour. Fancy LS ovors hoing bowloil on a pretty good wicket for 1 run (Lyttloton's) 1 When Steele cainc on tho board rend — 5 — 12 — GG. Boyle's next over re sulted in 4 run3 to Lucas from an uppish snick in tho slips just out of Bonuor's reach — 70 up — and tho poopio on tho ground wero in a frightful stato of excitement. Steele had to faco Spofforth, Tho batsman in question, being in a great fnnk, played wildly at Spofforth, and was easily caught and bowled — 6 — 0 — 70, and the Demon howling grandly, every ball a splendid length, and breaking six inchcB from tho off. "With 15 runs more to make, Read, the pride of Surrey, and tho most successful batsman in England against tho Australian eleven, emerged from tho pavilion amidst great cheering, the people present expect ing him to stem the tide, but it was not to he, for the second ball lie received from Spofforth sent his middle stump flying, making tho seventh wicket down for 70, Folks present very quiet; Australians in pavilion and reserves mad with excitement. Barnes was the next, and mado 2 off tho second hall from Spofforth ; tho third, breaking a ftiot from tho off, missed tho leg stump and struck Blaekham on tho shoulder, and went for three byes, Bonnor saving tho 4 very well. The last ball Lucas pulled on his wicket. 8—5—75, tho retiring batsman hoing in over an hour for his runs. Crowd dumb ; Australians in pavilion yelling and screaming liko a lot of Indians on the war trail. From GG every run that was mado was'choered loudly. Studd,' who looked more liko a ghost than a cricketer, was the noxt to como out of the paKlion, and Barnes had his first ball from Eoy(o, which proved fatal to him, Murdoch making a very good catch at point. 9—2 — 75. People on ground vory restless and awfuliy quiet, great numbers also wore leaving ; little knot in pavilion simply frantic with delight. Peato came in as tho laat hope of England, took block, and hit tho first ball from Boylo for 2, Garrett fielding it beautifully and returning sarao grandly to Blaek ham, and, as a matter of course, wicket down in a moment. Not out on appeal to tho umpire, which no doubt waa right-. The crowd screamed again with delight when Peato got his two runs. Eight moro still to get, and our hoys ns cool as cucumbers waiting the result of tho next hall, which proved to bb tho last of the match, as Peato's middle stump was hit lq a good length ball from Eoyle, tho batsman making a terrific swipo ot same, tho last wicket therefore falling 7 runs short of our grand total, whicli loft tho Australians winners of tho most exciting contest that lias ever taken placo in the world. Whoa tho last wickot fell all our fellows appeared to go mail, and actually jumped and threw their cap3 in tho air. No sooner was tho match ovor than tho ground was rushed, but we werejin the pavilion before thoy had timo to reach us, with tho exception of Eoyle, who was seized by strong hands and carried shoulder high right through the gates, and ac tually thrown into our dressing-room. Our room was rushed by all tho Australians who had tho good fortune to witness tho finish, congratulating us on our splondid up-hill victory; somo of them wero so pleased that they kuggod us with delight. Tho crowd outsido would not bo content until wo showed ourselves (which we did by standiug on a chair) and cheered us to the echo. It was a curious sight to seo tho thousands of upturned faces anxious to havo a look at us. I must say lots of English folks congratulated u3 on ouifcbrilliant victory, adding that wo deserved to win for playing in such a dotermined aud plucky manner. . Hornby camo up to Murdoch and congratulatodhim, addingthatho would havolikcd to havo won, but that wo deserved the victory. After th'g match was over tho loving cup was passed round, and I can toll you we pytook pretty freely of same. Don. Campbell was in tha sovonth heaven of delight over our victory. As wo drovo away from tho ground wo woro loudly cheered by tho people. In tho evening wo had champagne oh tho tablo, and drank success to Australian crickot ; in fact neatly all our fellows drank pretty freely of tho cup that choera. Blaekham got tho hall, and was offorcd a con siderable sum for samo, but would not part with it. A gentleman asked him to allow him to have a plato put on it, which ho has done. After wo won tho great match wo were tho happiest hand of crickoters in tho universe. Deal, our manager, was vory happy aftor tho match. From London wo travelled to Taunton, which is about 34' miles from tho groat' metropolis, and met a very warm team. Onr fellows did not play up to form._ Tho last day's play was very bad on aoconnt of wet weather, tho match ending -in a draw. Farnham, a loft hand Blow bowler from Leices ter, was very siicbessful, the wicket suiting him to a nicety. Wo are now playing onr last county match against onr old foe, Nottingham ; and up to tins present tho match looks liko nnothor draw. Rain again mado tho wickot vory slow. Luckily wo won tho toss, and had tliroo cut for about 80\. All out for 131 don't road well ; but wo got rid of five of thoir cracks for 41— fully accounting for our falling off. viz., sticky wickot. Tho wicket played easily for our first two or threo men, but tho sun coming out made it anything but pleasant for tho roranmder. Unfortunately, I was amongst tho Iatttir, nnil had tho full benefit of tho bad wickot. During the night heavy rainfell which mado tho wicket play easyjwo there fore had somo trouble with tho rem'ainingbatsmon, and tho last wicket falling with tho scoro at 111; wo had to adjourn fivo minutes before lunch on account of rain, only eight wickots being down then. Aftor lunch tho other two fell. 1 forgot to mention that Murdoch played a splondid innings for his 72. Our second attempt up to 'prosont is very good— two for 114— Mnssio 3S by free hitting, and Bannerman 12, ' M'Donncll 41 not out— the host inniugs he has piayod in Eng-' land, Murdoch 22 not out. Tho bowlers had no chanco on account of tho rain, which mado tho wickot in that state. Wo finished our match. M'Donncll increased his score to G2, which in cluded a gigantic hit off Shaw, for 6, and tho total of our innings 212. Tho second innings of tho Nottingham was soon ovor, Boylo and Spof forth howling wonderfully well, in fact thoy could do nothing with, them. Blaekham per formed splendidly boh'. ; the wickots. Wo woro vory much pleased with our victory ovor Notting ham. Evory county has been boaton by us, which speaks for itself. All our boys aro looking out with pleasure for thoir return to tho sunny sV.ios of Australia, and 1 can assure you I am clad to think our trip i3 nearly over. 