THE BEXDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) rr.oor.Es.sios, on-. bights, and oca resources. SAXDJfUUST, MONDAY, JULY2, 1SSS The English ^Lvil will close at the Sandhurst post-office to-day at 11 a.m. for money orders and for registered letters: ordinary letters, packets, and newspapers, at G p.m. Separation" Day.—To-day being Separation Day, is a legal and bank holiday. Assignees' Costs.—In the Court of Insolvency in Melbourne last 1'riday, Judge Xoel during tho , applications for unconditional certificates, re marked that when ho granted such certificates subject to tho payment of assignees' costs, a trick was often ployed on the court. Frequently the certificate was not taken out at once, and tho assignees' costs _ were pot then paid, but at some future time the insolvent took out his certificate and the payment of costs \yas thus evaded. In futures ho would mt grant certificates unless the assignees' costs had been paid. \ «Y RirnniNS.—The tiimi has \/ii, in accordance with our Vwscj to present, to our rondon hu half-year. The result i» t i shows that a substantial # m the mining operations in tymt of gold shows a heavy rrespondmg portion of last inures being :—18S2 (tirsthulf 110,-lSS ozs. Tlio dividends tifying inoroaso, tha amount . irst six months of 1SS3 being '• £17-1,7f>7. The calls tliisyeai .st, year ±!!>7,1US. Tlio profits ork woro £78,11'.) ISs. 3d., a? 1SS2. The statement shouv in a highly prosperous state, .ancesaucvon inoru satisfactory ill ho disclosed at tho end of the ; ok Cuolkha.—A special moot , ■ - .il Board of Health was held on ing % .ng (reports our Melbourne corres SaW ^ .0 consideration of u question put to -flgL what recommendations they desired that. boa^^HSfcu nection with the outbreak of cholera to HKiivO n> £,jl! jfek^oard, after earnest consultation, in KfiM't. 1 lift. i» which they recommended:— agrecd to a MP^Bornmontof Western Australia be "i. That the "Bforce a strict medical inspection at requested to Sound, a. That a similar com iT.r addressed to tlio South Australian nuiiiio-x Vut. 3. That direct telegrams bo sent by C.oviMU'iieal olticors of both places notifying the , .'i. *■''? issue of a clear bdl of health to those , :U!!; w'"c'> 'lav? passed tlieir inspection. •!. Tnwr^-0 (iuiu:ul^lui ground at Point Nopeau ^ Co at once put into thorough order, ami (j^ifdod over to the control of tho Central Board of ..health." Tho Chief Secretary, after reading the I board's report, lost no time in taking steps to carry I out its suggestions. The Coi.ao to Campeuiiown Railway.—The opening colobration of tho Colac to Campordown railway has been postponed from to day until Vriday next, when Mr. Gillies, the lion. Minister of Railways, has promised to bo present. j "A New Party."—Mr. John M'lntyre, tho member for Muldoa, lias invited a number of membors of Parliament to a dinner this ovoning. It is broadly hinted that it is Mv. M'lntyro's in tention to unfold tho programmo of a new party, of wliieh ho will in all probability bo tlio leader. 'i'HK Mkuiouuxk Cor.—Tho weights for this great turf handicap ivill bo declared to day, and cause speculation to becomo rife. Tho weights for tho Sydney Metropolitan and the Hawkesbury Handicap will also make thoir appoanmeo to-day. Rough Football Play.—A correspondent writes :—" Tho Long Gully Club played a^ very rough game against tho Ironbark Club on Satur day. It was plainly to bo seen that 'going for the man' was tho chief feature in thoir play, cries of ' Break his neck,' 1 Lame him,' etc., being hoard all over the ground, accompanied with language more forcible than polite. Such language must prove vory objoetionablo to tlio spectators. It is hoped for tlio future that Long Gully will play the game as it ought to bo played, and not degrade it to such an extent that thero will bo all players and no spectators," A Philanthropic Movkmknt.—Efforts made by philanthropic individuals in tho direction of making other pooplo better and happier have (writes our Molbourno correspondent) always a charm to fight- thinking persons, and this is more than ever the caso when tho beings upon whose behalf tho efforts are made are little children. It always struck mo aa a rather plucky thing on tho part of tho young ladies who some twelve months' ago opened a Sunday school in that desolate portion of tho metropolis which lies betwoon the eastern ends of Little Lonsdale and Latrobo streets, a district which is mainly inhabited by tho classes whoso existence is one of the mysteries of life. A policeman who knows tho characters of the rosidents of this part of tho city is not parti cularly anxious to tarry thero, but tho girls to whom I allude aro novor molested, and are, I be lieTO, welcomo visitor* at many homes, if thoy can be called such. Tho teachers have every reason to bo satisfied with tho result of tlieir labors, the children having got on well. Gold, Calls and Diviokniw.— The gold re turns on Saturday wero again vory good, over 7,000 ozs being sent in. Included in this was tlio splendid cake of 2,705 ozs from tho United Devon shire. The othor leading returns were :—Garden Gully Unitod, 371 ozs; Now Chum Railway, 80S ozs; Now Chum Unitod, 308 ozs; Belmont, 305 ozs; South Dovonshiro, 305 ozs; Now St. Muugo, 208 ozs; Catherine, 208 ozs; Shenandoah, 103 ozs; 'lia. oliii; son's Gold Mines, 135 ozs; and St. Mungo, 130 ozs. The amalgam returns included :—Mlenborough, 305 ozs; Sadowa, 2(>9 ozs; Lady Barkly, i'02 ozs; and Unicorn Tributo,. 83 ozs. Tho dividends amounted to £13,550 14s 2d; viz.:—United Devon shire, 0s 8d; New Chum Railway, !)d; Cathorine United, Gd; Belmont, (id; Sea (Quartz (final), -Id. The calls wero rather heavy, the total being £G,03110s. Municipal Elections.—Tho municipal elections which take place in August next, are attracting a considerable amount of attontion. Air. George Pallett has boon askod to como forward in opposi tion to Cr. Bailes, and it is probable Mr. Pallett will consent. There is also mention of Mr. H. M. Marks coming foward against Cr. Bayne. Cr. Qarkness, tho third councillor who retires, is likely to be returned unopposed. This Staff ok Likk.—The price of broad has boon lowered to (id. tlio 41b. loaf,this course having boon decided upon at a meoting of the master bakers which was hold on Saturday evening. Vaccination.—It is no groat secret (says our Melbourno correspondent) that Dr. Youl has all along been opposed to tho system of vaccinating direct from tho cow or calf, or that Mr. Graham Mitchell takes a precisely opposite view. Tho dispute between tlieso two gentlemen, oach learned in his own particular branch of the healing art, seems at length to have reached a climax. At an interview with tho Chief Secretary to-aay, Dr. xoul pronounced it as his firm conviction that tho matter now being obtained from tho calves at the Royal Park, was not vaccino lymph at all, but tho product of a diseaso known as wliito pock, and of no use as a protection against small-pox, in spite of Mr. Mitchell's representations to tho contrary. Tho Chief Secretary has taken the whole question into his serious consideration, and will probably refer it to tho Central Board of Health. Bendigo Miners' Association.—Tho usual committee meeting was hold on Friday evening. Present—Messrs. Sneddon (president), H. G. Williams (vice-president), Bolitho, Barr, Harvey, May, P. S. Williams, \V. Williams, and the secretary. Correspondence was received from tho Office of Mines, stating -that a list of leases for tho Sandhurst and Eaglehawk districts had boon sent to the Warden's Office for inspection. The list applied for was for the use of tne association. The secretary was instructed to make application again for the same. From Dr. Quick, in reference to same. From W. G. Spence, Creswick, giving particulars of a difference that occurred at Waterloo lately with regard to the private con tract system, from which it appears that men havo been taking private contracts from the manager, but the price was too low to make wages; they asked for an increase of price, but the manager said he could not give it. Thoy then decided to work a little longer and bring their case before the directors, and if they could not get a higher price or be put on at wages they would cease work. The directors, after hearing their case, decided to put them on wages. Prom the same, asking particulars with regard to tho, contract system hero, and stating that a small difficulty has occurred at St. Arnaud, Mr. Spence being of tho opinion that the contract system would havo to bo considered by all tho branches. Prom W. Higgs, Sebastian, stating that ho had enrolled S4 members since tho 27th of 3' ebrnary; that he has at present 93 members on his book, and hoped in a little while to havo nearly all tho m»n working tlire. Prom L. D. Williams, Tarnaflulla, forwarding list of mombers and contribution for 49 mombers. It was decided to receive nomin»tions for officers and cominittoo up t# Saturday, the 7th inst., at 8 p.m. The ballot will be taken oil the 14th, and at tho half-yearly meeting on the 21st. This courso has been decided cm, as there is not sufficient time to do tho wholo in one day. Ballot papers will be sent to K;igle hawk, Sebastian and Tarnagulla. The following officers and members of committee retire Presi dent, vice- president, secretary, treasurer, and J. George (Hercules), S. May (Hercules), J. Pen bertliy (Hercules), P. S. Williams and Lindsay (Eaglehawk), Bolitho (Victoria Consols). It having been decided to issue new pence cards numbered, this will be done from and after Mon day, 2nd. The attention of members is called to the advertisement. Accounts to tho amount of £14 9s. lOd were passed for payment, including £37 3s. ■Id. accident pay. Business of a formal character being disposed of, the meeting closed. Turf Roguery.—Our Melbourne correspondent writes A rather neat little swindle, which has not, so far as I know, been exposed in print, was perpetrated the other day at Caulfield. Some owners of horses engaged in the present meeting, when putting the final polish to their nags engaged in the Ladies' Bracelet, discovered that tlieir steeds were possessed of an extraordinary turn of speed; in fact, so phenomenal was the time, that more than one imagined he hada-\ery good tiling on. Our moneyed turfites are tho wrong sort to throw away a chauco of bagging a thousand or two by legitimate means, and having satisfied themselves that the watch was not deceiving them, they pro ceeded to put commissions into the market. As an additional precaution tho ground was measured, and it was then found that someone had moved the C furlong post some 200 yards; so that the distance really covered by tho horses in training was considerably less than was supposed, and the time proportionately less. I am informed that the fraud wasnot discovered until a few wagers had been got on. The best way in wliich to deal with an indi vidual of this sort would bo to hand him over to the tender mercies of the gentlemen who parted. If this course were pursued, it is scarcely likely that the ingenious scoundrel would care to repeat the experiment. The Telephone Kxchanoe.—To-day the Sand hurst branch of the Melbourne Telephone Ex change will bo opened for tho use of the subscri bers both day and night. Intending subscribers are requested to mako early application to the superintendent of the exchange, Wattle-street, or the agents, Messrs. Roberts and Hemming. ' Departure of^ Dr. Friedman.—On Saturday Dr. Friedman, who for about two vears occupied the position of assistant-surgeon at the Bendigo Hospital, left Sandhurst for Deniliquin, where he intends entering into private practice. It is I probable that Dr. Fadie, jun., will be a candidate for the positioa. The }Veatiier.—Tho sky assumed a threaten ing aspect on Saturday night, and rain fell before midnight. Several other showers fell during the night, but the morning broke clear and fine. The thermometer r?gistcred at Messrs. Joseph and Go's., Pall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., -1'J3; 12 a.m., 5S"; 3 p.m., 573; (i p.m., 52s; maximum, 59°; minimum, 4ti3 Barometer—9 a.m., 29"590 G p.m., 29"'4S0. The United Devonshire Accident.—Tho young man, Henry Roberts, who was so seriously injured in tho United Devonshire mine on Wed nesday evening last, was progressing favorablv in the Bendigo Hospital last evening, The Au.unst Mi.ss M. Cook. Inspcutor llussoll held an inquiry on Snttv morning into the charges preferred against M. Cook, u teacher in No. -10.State school, B> hawk. Tim complaint was mailo by Mr. H Young, and on tho 12th Juno last the lioiu Advice passed a resolution that Miss Mattio C had been guilty of insubordination to tho 1 teacher, and advised an inquiry. This resolu was forwardod to tho Education department, tho inquiry on Saturday, tho evidence off] Kttio Young', Miss Annie Smith, and Mr, Young was taken. Mr. Cooko, representing Hoard of Advice, summed up, and statod to Russoll that if tho charge of abusive language considered to have been uuterti'iiicfl by tho uo hoomphatie.illy denied it. That point acconUi foil to tho ground. Tho charge of insubordinn was clearly proved. Ho asked Mr. Kussol a more comprehensive inquiry was considi necessary would ho roprcsont the department, which Mr. Tlussoll rejoined that ho would cons tho matter. In answer to a question Miss C said, "1 refuse to say whether my [father; written any lotters with tho view of bringing board into ridicule." During tho afternoon £ Joyce Cook entered tho room wlioro the inqi was being held, and Hipping her fingers said, don't care a rap for tho Board of Advico." : Russell will submit tho ovidouce to tho lidnca, department for consideration, and tho result bo dulv notified. Death of an' Oi.d Rksiiikst.—It is with rej that wo lmvo to chroniclo tho death of another Boiidigonian. Mr. Bernard C. M'ttauriin, has resided in tho district (or thirty yoars p expired at his rcsidenco, in Boundary-stroot, . Friday hint, after,a long and very painful illni J For the lust two years ho has suffered fi paralysis, and was unable to move about with 1 assistance. At the time of his death ho was 6 < 70 yoars of ago, having been born at Port, Li Conit, Cavan County, Ireland, in tho year IS ' He left his nativo land in 1811 for New Zualaui where he remained for sonio lima; but when war broke out ho went to Tasmania and acted superintendent of works tliore, under Sir 1'). M" uioro, for live yoars. llo then ruturncd to N i Zealand, nnd took up his residence at Ancklaij whore his brother was acting us rosident-mirgi!, to tho Colonial Hospital and gaol. Mr. M'Oaui settled down quiotly, engaging himself in farniit pursuits till 1852, at which period ho loft for V,. toria, being attracted hither by tho discovery gold. Ho camo to Barker's Crook, whs?:o ( carried <}n operations for some timo with tho III Mr. .Tolu. Harney. Somo timo aftor ho camo; Sandhurst, and started business as a storokoe] in Long Gully, but ho again went to Now Zoalii and disposed of his property thoro, returning agip to Sandhurst, whore ho again ontorod business iiy storokeopor in Peg Log G nlly. Ho aftorwai. became landlord of tho Town Hall Hotol, Eag! liawlc, and as such ho remained for ton yoars, I genial disposition making him a favorito wi. ovorybody. Lattorly ho lived a very secluded lu and as stated above ho Buffered greatly fib paralysis during tho past two years. Tho funet will move from St. Kilian's Church to-day £ 11 o'clock, on routo for tho station, llo will |l buried in tho Melbourne cemetery. ! Tub Mining Acoiiikxt at thk Unicoi Thihutk Mink.—This morning at half-past ten,f tho Cam)) Hotel, ISaglohawk, tlio inquiry into t] causa of tho accident at the Unicorn Tribute Cot pany, Jiaglohawk, on Tuesday night, by whic tho minors Joseph Noblo ana Andrew Lawsf wore killod, will bo rosumed. It is oxpected till the inquiry will bo of more than ordinary length, , TiikNkw Mining Legislation.—Tho potitiq ; to Parliament praying for amended legislation i tho shape of a Limitation Bill with roferonco to fo;it feituro of shares, was vory numerously signed o ' Saturday in front of tho Beohivo. During tho diia Mr. Von dor Iloydo received a tologram from Ml ( Lovion, Minister of Mines, who had brought th^ matter boforo tho Cabinet on Friday evening) stating that a bill would bo submitted to l'arlis ( ment dealing with tho question. A strong desir ii expressed that tho draft of tho measure slioulfj be submitted to tho Sandhurst committee of legs managers and members of tho Stock .Exchange boforo boing introduced, as valuable suggestion! might bo made. ■; Hiding the High House.—Tho audacity o; i somo of tho mombcrs of tho Charing Cross Foot, ball Club cannot bo oxceoded by any other body o club in tho district. At a mooting hold a for ! evenings ago they tried their hand at "Boycot i ting," for they passed a resolution that no membfrf should deal of a certain draper in Charing Croi, ; who had played in an opposing team. Somo of tlu : sbeined dofernrniecT'to'Hny' ffi'oir'resoluliSfr l'iiu effect. It is also stated that somo of the membovi will bo called upon to apologise for insulting re ; marks they had made during matches played ir tho Uppor Camp Ilesorvo and at Back Creole During tho present woolc ono of the most promi nent membors will bo summoned at tho police courl to show causo why ho should not bo bound over tc keep tho peaco. I<'ihkin* Haruuhavisj-strket.—At half-past nino o'clock last ©veiling, a Mr. Hansen discovered that iv liro had broken out in a untenanted four-roomed weatherboard house in Hargreaves-street West, next to Mr. Smith's painter's shop. In a few minutes tho mombers of the City Fire Brigade were on tho spot, and had a lino stream of water playing ou tho fire boforo tho fireboll rang. The ilames issued through the weatherboards, but ill about 20 minutes they wero subdued. Tho No. 1 and Temperance Brigados arrived soon aftor tho bell rang, but their services were not required. The building was owned by Mrs. Brown, a milk woman, residing at Back Crook. Very littlo damage was done, and tho branchmau of tho City Brigade doserves great credit for tho manner in which lie provontA tho Samoa from spreading. Aftor the firo, Senior-constable Douglas and Con stablo Hancock searched tho building, and found a bottlo in tho cornor of tho front room. Upon ex amination it was found that the bottlo had con tained kerosene, or some other kind of inflammable liquid. Mr. Hansen asserts that it was in this cornor of tho room that tho fire broko out, so that it is possible that tho firo was tho work of an in cendiary. In one of tho back rooms was an iron bedstead and niattrass, but nothing olso was found. Tho building was insured, but in what company or wnat amount could not bo ascortuinod. Thk Eaglehawk Clock.—"Good Time" unites: —"Tho ICaglehawk clock on tho Town Hall has been a great source of annoyance to tho public this last week, especially to tho cabmen, as their time is regulated by it. I heard iv man say tho other day it wanted a little dynamito to remove it, so that the Council could put 'an illuminated ono' in its place. This would suit tlio cabbies, but where is tho money ? Some say it has been all spent on the lake. Wo shall seo alter Monday's Council meeting. I heard a man venture the following on this clock a few days ago :—' Why is the Town Hall clock at liaglehawlc like an old donkey?' Answer: ' Bocauso it would not go; 110, not oven for Joseph.' I ask where is Picket!; ho can drive it." Presentation TO an KstPlOVK.—On Saturday evening last a presentation was made to Mr, Thomas Johnston, late foreman of the carriage departmont of Messrs. G. I'\ Pickles' Company, at Dowries' Hotel, Queen-street. About -10 persons were present. Mr. G. M. Pickles, in presenting Mr, Johnston with a handsomo writing desk, said that the recipient lmd been well liked in the fac tory, and overy employe exprcssod sorrow at his severance. The health of Mr. Johnston having been drunk, that gentleman returned tlwnks for the present whieli liad been given to him. He then proposod the health of tho manager, Mr. G. M. Pickles, and spoke very highly of him as a managorand overseerof such extonsivo works. In responding, Mr. Pickles stated that ho always felt pleased at being present at such gatherings, but ho felt sorrowful at the departure of Mr. Johnston. Mr. Scholten proposed the health of the oversoers of the various departments, which was responded to by Mr. G. 51. Pickles, Mr. Deakin as overseer of the railway department, Mr. TeTer on behalf of the buggy department,and Mr. Siinmonds on behalf of the fiiiishingdepartmeni;. Sir. Joseph Donnelly, i* proposing success to the company, referred to the wonderful progress made sineo ho first joined the firm. Mr. G. M. Pickles responded. A number of songs were sung, and altogether a vory pleasant evening was spent. Dangerous Odors.—For moro than an hour on Friday afternoon the olfactory nerves of persons in Bull and Hargreaves streets were sorely annoyed by the foul emanations proceeding from a milky-looking fluid rushing along the street gutter. A passing sergeant ot the police force had his attention directed to tho matter, and inspected, but, not being within tho margin of his especial duties, could take no action. Tho inhabitants of this locality have had reason to complain on two or throe occasions of a like nuisance, and hope, for their healths' sako, that it will not bo repeated. FOUND DEAD.—Constable Sheridan, of Golden- square, yesterday reported to the coroner that an old woman named Mary Sellars aged 70 years, had boen found dead in her bed at 9 o'clock yester- day morning, at her residence, Barnard- street west, near Booth-street. Tho old woman was last seen alive at nine o'clock on Saturday night. She had been living alone in the house for a number of years. An inquest will be held this afternoon. The Anntai, Meeting of the Bendigo and Eaglehawk Benefit Building Society will be held to-night, at eight p.m., at tho secretary's office, Royal Chambers, which will be preceded by a meeting of the shareholders called at the Beehive Chambers, Upper Corridor, at seven p.m. Tho business of this meeting is stated by advertisement to tike into consideration tho unsatisfactory I reports, and make preliminary arrangements for the winding-up of tho society. Insulting Behavior.—On Saturday, Sergeant Webb arresteu an old man named Richard Trout, on a charge of insulting behavior. The fellow, who was intoxicated, was annoying passers-by in the vicinity of Market-square by liis solicitations for money to procure drink. Death in tub Hospital.—An inmate of the Bendigo Hospital, named Mary Ann Wilson, aged liO years, admitted on tho 8th of June, died on the 29th, from bronchitis. The Ladies' Trophy Meeting.—Tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club held tho above annual meeting on Saturday on the Canlfield racecourse. The fol lowing are the results:—Soiling Race—Castaway,1; Nymph, 2; V/hisper, 3. Hurdle Race—Buzzu, 1; Triplet, 2; Miller, 3. Victoria Gold Cup—Black Jacket, 1; Abdallali, 2; Yerlo, 3. The Ladies' Trophy—The Ghost, 1; Liddington, 2: Trans ferred, 3. Open Steeplechase—General Jackson, 1; Vaulter, 2; Napoleon, 3. The Kennedys.—This evening the third concert by the Kennedy family, "A nicht wi' the Jacobites," will be given in tho Masonic Hall. Tho programme for the occasion includes a number of popular Scotch airs illustrative of the story of tho rebellions in favor of tho Stuarts, arranged in chronological order. As the entertainment will I tjrobably be tho most attractive yet presented in Sandhurst by Mr. Kennedy and his family, there will in all probability be a very large attendance. The town cleric begs attain to call the attention of the wealthy and humans to tho fact of the poor-box being empty. At this iuclcinent season of the year he earnestly trusts they will spare a little out of their much to the poor. The secretary of the Bcndigo Lacrosse Club acknowledges, with thanks, tho receipt of £1 Is. from Mr. (t. Webster, P.M., one of the patrons of the club. 