L£?lN-f THIS FOUNDATION) ^TONE OP A NEW CUR1ST1AK MISSION OHUHCH. Tho corcmony of laying tho foundation stono of tho Christian Mission Church, Wellington-street, took place yesterday mftcroDDn/^ndor'veiy'YavoraT^ealiflpiSeSp tlie weather being exceptionally 4ine, consequently there was a veiy cohcourso ot people preeSntr 'Xmuncl^ue^ stone -*wore assembled, tho Rovb. , J. G. jjnuara, u. Antuony, nenry rtussen, o. Thompson, Pastors ?'Hiddlestono, |Wliito, and Williams ; and .Messrs J. L. 'Smith, : J. Gibson, W. Gibson, jun., Richard Smith, R. Marshall, and F. Tyson. .The plan of the front olovation of the building* was posted up for tho information of thbBo assembled, and was vory ^generally 1 admirod. Tho gonoral design of tlie church is Gothic, the front olovation is 50 feet wide and JO feet Sin. higlt to .top of belfry flnial, and from face of piers tobHcft . wall measures 122 foot 4in. in length, rind. ib to bo built of brick with white free-'1 1 stone dressings, on blue&tone.foundntionB;, having dressed bluestane ' base coarao all round, nnd covered with . filfltes. Tho front olovation is divided into three bays by semi-octagon bandod and pinnacled piers, and 0ankod with similar piors. In tho contro bay are two. pairs pf ontrance: doors having deeply rccea^d moulded oponijigs. T^iese doors ' are 'surmounted by a freestone band oratring, boaring tho inscription 41 Let us go into i bo House of tho Lord.' Over this band is 4he large central window, having colytnnB aud blank traccry head, and vrith inscription 44 Jesus only mighty to save,' running round arch stonos. Abovo tho largo win dow, andatabout OOfoctto the contro from the ground will bo placed the 5 Jeot clock dial, which^ is to, bo Jlkiininated at night, and ahoye. the clock thero will be an opon bolfty, iu ?wliicli will be hung the largo bell of the clock. Thotwosido bays of tho' front have an upper nnd lowor window each to light the staircases. Tho frido elevations are also broken up into threo ; tho first bay on oach sido boing tho staircase, having upper and lower windows, and Hanked with octagon pinnacled piors, tho next being tlie side 1 of the church, in which there arc sovon 1 uppor and seven lower mullioned win I dows, and last sideof vestry with two mul 1 lioned windows, nnd side ontrance door. | Tho church will seat upwards of a thousand pooplo, and will bo 80ft 2^in long by 48ft 4£in wide in ground lloor, wliich is to slope about 2ft from front to plAtform end. Tho ccilinp, which is to be a flat one, will average a littlo ovor 32ft in height from tho floor, and will have a neat coroico round it. There n'ill he a gallery across front end, aud down each side stepped down to suit slope of floor, and carried by neat iron columns. The front of gallery will be of plianed black wood, with pierced cedar t-rt- j**, and var nished. Thero will be a blnckwood sur ba«ng round ground Ronr and gallery' of church, and also round vestries varnished. There is to bo no pulpit., but a large plat form, in which is placed the baptistery, tho platform being surrounded by a rail 2ft 6in high, filled iu below with framing having pierced Gothic panels, and having n reading desk in the centre, tho whole to bo of cedar, and French polished. At back of platform, in end wall, there is an alcovo curved on plan, and covered with a semi-dome ceiling. A novel foaturo of tho church is that tho four cornors are not square, but curved 011 plan and made to farm quadrants of 3ft Gin radius. In front of church thero is a spacious verti bulo, over wind) thefront gallezy extends, aud stair cases right and left, in which nre stairs loading to galleries. In the Tear of church are lobbies leading to side en trances, and to two isrgo vestries. Ingress and egress to tho church is amply provided for by two pairs of folding doors opening out wards into vestibule, and by two do'irs loading into aide lobbies. Tlvtj ventilation of church lias received attention, there j being two air flues formed in each sill of ; tbo 28 windows in sides of church, -covcred i with cast-iron ventilators mado to opon j and closo, atso siuilar ventilators in sill | of largo front window. There will also 1 bo a neat, circular galvanised cast-iron j sash frame fixed in, stono work bf heads of ^ 14 upper windows, in which M ill be hung, . on centres, cast-iron glazed Bashes to opon nnd close ; provision will bo made to carry off vitiated air. This handsome 1 edifice is to be completed in about 18 months, the cost being for foundation, £800, and for the superstructure, £7270 ; total, £8145. At about half-post throe the proceedings commenced by Pastor Hiddlcstonc giving out a hymn, which was rendored by tho band of the church, assisted bv an orcan and choir, occuping a situation imme diately nbovo and adjoining tho stone to bo laid. Prayer was thon offered by Pastor Williamson, of Perth, after which Pastor White road a portion of Scripture. Pa&tor; Hiddlustono then road two documents, which wore, aecoinpaniod with a copy of the Holy Scriptures, placed under tho sLono. Tho first document which was placed in the Bible was ns follows ' Jesus Only,' 'Mighty to Save.' ?? In memoriam of Mr Henry Roed, tho foundation stone of the Christian Mission Ohurcb, Launceston, was liid by Mr John Lowe Smith, on Thursday, July JO, 1883. George Richardson, secretary; F. Tyson, arcliitect; J. Todd FnnniJo, contractor.' The Bocond document was aa follows : — ' ' Jesus only.' ' Mighty to save,' Tliift foundation etono of tho Chrietiau 'Mission Church, Wellington-street, croctcd by Mrs M. S. E. Rood in momoriara of Mr Henry Reed was laid by Mr John Lowe Smith on Thursday, Jaly 10, 1833. Tho Bible is our creed, and Christ our portion. David Walton Biddlestono, pastor ; George Richardson, secretary ; F. Tyson, architect; J. Todd Farmilo, contractor.' Mr Frank Tyson then prcsentod a handsome silver trowel and mallet to Mr J. L. Smith, upon whom was devolved tho duty of laying tho foundation stone. The trowel, which was of English manufacture, was a very handsome one, and bore upon its blade the following inscription: — ' 'Jotius only.' ? Mighty to«ave.' Pre&entod; to ^lohn L. Smith, Esq., on his laying the foundation fitouo of the Christian Mission Church, Laun ce.stoji, Tasmania.' Mr Smith replied in a feeling innunor, and then with the silver towel laid Oic stone, which ho pro nounced 'Well and truly laid for a building to be erected and to bo allied the Christian Mission Church for tfiu^lory of God.' The stone bore tho following in scription : — ' 'Jesus only.1 4 Mighty to save.' ' Lot Thy work appear unto Thy servants, and Thy glory unto their children,' I'ft. x, c 16. Th\B stone was laid to the glory of God, July 10, 1883, in memoriatn Tienry Heed.' Mr Smith then asccndcd the stone, and said ho wished to say a few words on an occasion of such momentous import ance aB tho present ono. Tlie great friend of the Christian Church, tho late Mr Henry Reed, had now passed away, and he had gone to a placo of otornal rest, whcio lie could hoar tho 14 Well done' of his Master. He could not do better that givo a short history of tho late gentle man's work. Tho adjoining promises were fonnorly known as Parr's Hotol, and theso he purchased, and preached tiio lirst go*i-cl sormon in the skittle alley. As tbe congregation grow it was found too small, aud the build ing in the rear was erected, and after Jhftt n little placo was improvised to tbe main building to suit the growing con gregation. And so the good work of blessing continued to go on. At loat, however, on a glorious Snnday morning, on the lOiii of October, 1881, when all was still and everything hushed, his happy spirit went away to God,- to tho -well-earned rust of his Master. The work, however, that Mf Reed commenced still wont on, aud Mrs Reed was ontrustod to carry on tho :minsion, aud sho lias' been faithful to her trust. If b1iu! Juid been bore the building would have becu now completed. He, however, would hope to bcc it rarriod on till it vraB fi„UW. lto wisnoa to state ho was very thankful to soveral young Wcsleyan ministers who ?when there wasnotflufficiontworkfor thorn had conic over to tho Christian Missj9Q and preached the Gospel. Many persona mifiundontoad the motive Mr Reed hod :bn»»£ug2r:Mi8Bia8^ he would h?, fPogt snore hours with him^riorWhis-Utatli tban any man nn ' .ttnd 8Poko rl ,V,3 Ul Wltu I0onngs of bhankfumew apd.lpoveronce( and that liig only, object was, the glory t)f -God and welfnre ol his fellow^men. After a hymn liadr been sung, t Mr^V. G^onVjuJirtr^^W'lie did not intend to' sjieak at UiUi ^jerqmony, but as h*eJliid!boeu' reqdbsted'to^oio, ho would say a fev wqnls.to thein. Thero was nn doubt *t)ifoligh ' 'Ihe Christian Mission Clmrch many had boon turngdfrom dark n^ss mto light. ? :,Hi believo^lKat thoro were ;»bolit throO :mona ch.urcnios being built1 up in Launceston; \Ktid ' ( he h*3 heard it men tion ed-^whatirfe re:th ey going to do witti'so manyl ' Bf#mij1peopio said ono oharch' would tako the ! co^gregntion away from the other, l-nt it'Vns not so in this case. - Tiie church febout to bs orecte^ w'^fortiieouta)ders, aplaccwhere tho ''woods .of tho 'strocts could come and be taught the ; work jof the Lord, and tlius bo anaaobetter' xuon and^rpmon. .?.^Hy^nn Oljn £ongs and. Solos, ^ns thon sunk, bfterwhicili 1 .. Too Rev. J. G. Millard ,-aaid he wm ploased to bo a witness to that interesting proceeding of.lajmc tho foundation stane of tlio Christian Mission Church. He liad a very .profound respect for the late Mr Hcm^' Ilccd, whoso whole soul was full of faith of tlio Holy Ghost. He was a man who worked in a gopd causo with creat assiduity for the. benefit of liis fob low men. ,Tho foundation .stono is the centre of tjio church,, jind is .symbolical of Jesus Christ. If tho foundation stono wero not well and 'truly laid, tho super structure, with all its boauty- and cost and trouble would bo useless. Bc.refoiTcd also at some length to tho peculiar machinery in the OlirUtian Mission -Churches -0 grapple with tlio poor people of tlie back parts of the town, and he trusted nil other denominations would help,. thorn. Ha hoped bigotry, which was fast dying out, would bo crushed out altogether in the Christian world, and that all would march onward hand in hand in the one good Another hymn was tho given out, when Mr R. Marshall, Town Missionary, oscondod tho stono and 'said -aeoin£ tho foundation Btone before h'ini 'reminded hiin of the words of our Saviour when lie said, ' Thorc shall not be left ono stone upon another that shall not bo thrown down.' Ho said thctimo would soon come when all those earthly temples shall be cast away, and exhorted them in an earnest manner to attend and hero the word of God ministered to thorn. Tho 15th hymn was then 'sung, after which Tho itev. Itenty Jiiuso)), of Jsrandale, also addrossod fchoso around him, and said that they wcro all children of the sauie Master, and all belonged tothesamo Jesus. : He hod not timeto address them nt length, : but would wish the good work God speed in its futuro operations. Another hymn was sung. After avMch Tho Rov. C. Anthony said the.¥notto of the Christian Mission Church woa tin excellont ono, 'Jesus only; mighty to save.' Any organisation or denomination which £iad such a motto before them could not go wrong. It plainly showed they entirely depended upon Christ, who was t% able to save oven to tbe uttermost,' to help and bloss them. The hymn, ' Hold tho Fort,' was next given, when Pastor Qiddlcstone ascendod tho stono and acquainted nit those present that tho tea meeting would be hcid.i'n tho school, room adjoining at 6 o'clock, after which a public meeting would bo held. The foun dation atone upon wliich ho stood was like tho Rock of Ayes cleft for poor sinners, and urged upon those to ding to tho Rock and be saved. / ..*??? Another hymn . was then sung, after which the proceedings closed by Mr IUcliard Smith ottering prayer. . , At C o'clock in the evening a 'tea moot ing took place. The tea had boon supplied by the ladios of the congregation to the order of Mrs Seed, and about 800 people sat down in relays to discuss tlie good things. After tea a public raeoting was held, Mr J. L. Smith presiding. There wero between 1200 and 1300 persons proRont. Mr Smith opened the meeting with prayer. Apologies were ' rorcivrd for the ubkenco of the Revs. J. G. Millard and J. Lyle, and from Rov. C. Anthony. Invitations had boon sent to all the minis ters in Launceston, but thoro had only boon a few responses. After singing a hymn, Mr Smith rose and said ho had bocn requested to say a few words to their pastor, Mr Hiddlostono. He had also been asked to say that they bora a love and affection for him, whidi had bocn growing over sinoo his arrival here, nnd they were thankful to Almighty G-«1 for endowing him with health and strength to w'ork amongst thom, and hoped that tbo Lord would still continue to bloss his working with them. He -would also make a few remarks with regard to their beloved friend, Mr Reed, who had passed away from ibem. He was quite sure that if ho could have boon with them Jiow ho would have felt groat joy in their proceedings. To Pastor Hiddlestone ho would express the pleasure', sympathy, and affection thoy had for litni in the work of the night. They would like to havo that grace and affection engrossed upon parchment aud enclosod in a gilt frame, bo that ho might hang it up in his study, whero he would bo ablo to look upon it and romomber the day upon which it was given to him. Although they hnd not got the address to givo him thoy had a Purso, which he (Mr Smith) had been askod to present to him. Ho was sorry that the amount was not larger, which it undoubtedly would have boeii hnd they chosen to go go out of their own congre gation for it. However, ho had very mudi pleasure in presenting him with the puftso contaiiuiig £30 lis, and hoped that ho Would find it of great use to him. Mr Hiddlostono, in reply, said: — Do.ir friends, I hardly know how to express my thanks to you for your kind pwwent. 1 must say that you Jlsvo kopt it exceed nigly quiot, for I can assure 3*011 that 1 cliil not 4roam of anything of this kind. I would much rathor have your lovo aud affection than tho money you have given mo. 1 wish that you would .all conic to tho Saviour, and show your lovo for Him. Coming from poor people as this money has done, 1 value it more than if it wore £100 given by people who could well afford it, because the poor have worked -hard for it. I iiavo no doubt that some of this money has been earned at tho wash-tub and other equally laborious occupations. Besides tliis £30 lis, my . friends, you iiavo contributed £03 towards the exponsoof this Church, showing that wliile you aro converting your souls you are afso converting your pockets. Wo havo boon far mora success ful since we - left Melbourne titan we cxpectod to bo, and wliilo wo aro hero I hope wo will still gcowor stronger, a»' show Lauucoston wliat wc can do. Aftor this Pastor 'Hiddlostono sang a solo, the audience joining in tho chorus, and then addresses were given by the Rov. Mr . Mi rams, Pastors M'Cullougli, Vaughan, end Williamson. The nd dresses wore intersporaed by musical selections, which wero rendored in a Very pleaaiug and successful manner by Pastor Hiddlestone. -vho presided at tlio orguii. At afow minutes after 10 p.m. the public meeting coitdmlod, .when .a large jiuinonr of the clorgy 'and laity repair^ to the Christian Mission Church, what'' an all niglit prayer meeting was to be held. 