GLEANINGS BY BOZ. A new rich reef has been found at Dark River diggings, near Albury. A French count, named De Brimont, adopted the daughter of a London tide waiter. Ho recently died in France, be queathing her 2,500,000 francs. His distant relatives appear in a French court alleging that the girl is dead, and demanding the money. Hut no evidence is given of the death ; mid the friends of the young lady, who is .still in her teens, believe that she is hidden in a French convent and cut off from communication with tho world by those wily relatives. Ono hundred and thirty million tons of coal »re consumed in Great Britain annuulty. Fifteen millions of these are burned in London. A scientific writer says that when fire grates are replaced by stoves in London and suburbs, and each house consumes its own smoke, London fogs will disappear. Lord Beaconsfield has gone from mortal gaze. Bismarck remains, but in all probabi lity, judging from late accounts, will soon follow. Berlin gossip tells the following anecdote of the two great men :— During the congress they were together one night at a state banquet. As the guests were rising from the tablo Lord Beaconsfield began to collect some bon-bons to which were attached portraits of the German royal family which pleased his fancy. Not noticing what he was about, Prince Bismarck plucked him by the' arm. 'Oh!' said his lordship half audibly, ' not only does Prince Bismarck give nothing away, but he does not even' allow anybody to help himself.' Overhear ing this the Prince retorted with a hearty laugh—' It is quite true I give nothing away, but as you see I am always ready for an honest alliance.' And with this he cordially co-operated with Lord Beaconsfiold in establishing a protectorate over the bon bons,' A Sussex ghost story: — A young man was sent one night with a message to B, ? , and he was warned before he started that a ghost was very often seen near a stile (which he had to cross. He accordingly took with1' him a middling thick stick, and said that if any ghost interrupted him he would, by the help of his 'bat,' see what a ghost was made of. 'When he came near to the stile he caught sight of the ghost before him, glaring fiercely out of the hedge. He put down his basket, walked quietly to the place and struck out boldly with his 'bat.' He felt very frightened, for no sooner had he struck than flames on all sides came flying past his head. However, he held his ground and discovered that he had smashed into a hundred pieces an old rotten tree stump, which had been dried up into touchwood, aud the phosphorous in which shone with mysterious brightness in the dark. On his return, however, he encountered a more terrible ghost. He was carrying a, pair of boots tied together. When he came to the stile he was face to face with the ghost. He flung the boots at it, and it moved off, and there seemed tojjewm'any ghosts jumping up and down. The one which he had seen was an old grey horse, standing with its tail to the stile. The boots, fell across the horse's back, the horse kicked up its heels in fright, the boots slid on to its shoulders where they rode safely enough ; and though the ghost had vanished, it had taken the boots with it, and the young man told his tale in the parish inn, while men listened with bated breath. The boots being gone was' positive proof of the ghost being something tangible. Unfortunately, after two or three days the curate of the parish picked up the boots, and having heard the tale took them to the inn, when an old lady exclaimed : ' Ah ! may be they did not fit him, so he flung 'em away in the field.' Mr. A. T. Clarke, of Williamstown, denies that hjp wrote the libellous statement for which he was horsewhipped, and says it was written by a man whom he had befriended, and who is now a moniber of Parliament. Mr. Clarke was presented with a purse of soverigrs in recognition of his services to his district. Mr. Reid, Minister -of Public Instruction for New South Wales, in replying to the toast of his health at the city council luncheon, Melbourne, advocated federation, and said that to successfully accomplish it feelings of jealousy between the different capitals must disappear. True, Mr. Reid, but the jealousy is all on one side, and that is in New South Wales, who, of course, would require first fiddler's position. Fancy the destinies of a nation dependent on the crawling, snail-like procedure of Sydney departments. Federation won't take place for the next half century or more of time ; although one would have thought that the, iron horse going through from one capital to the other would bring the two cities into closer union; but it wont, it only intensifies'' the jealousy of the northern, and stimulates the energy of the -southern colony to push her trade and manufactures. Why wo have not sufficient enterprise to find capital to develope the mineral resources of the colony, but leave it to our neighbours, and the only practical agriculturists we have hail from other colonies. Our Ministers care only for sheep and sheep kings. The interests of the colony are subordinated to private inte rests. The investment of capital from neigh bouring colonies wont, facilitate federation in the least. Rather the reverse. The 'Victorian Government have agreed to the war office requirement of a salary of £1,000 per annum, with freo forage and house accommodation for an Imperial officer as commandant of the colonial forces. Rumour says the appointment will fall to the lot of Colonel Lyons of the Royal Artillery, a very distinguished officer. But many officers are ficldivy for the position, which will be a cosy one— -unless war comes instead of federation. 