LIMITED LIABILITY AND NO LIABILITY. | TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-Having agitated during the last two or three years in favour of the more general, introduction of the '"No-Liability " Com-, panies Act in connection with our Tasmanian mining, I may not now be considered officious in submitting, with your approval, a few lines in favour thereof, at the same time availing myself of the opportunity of pic facing the same with a remark or two upon the flagrant case of dummyism lately exposed in the Court of Requests, Launceston, and so ably and properly commented upon by your contemporary, the iKia?n»ier, to-! gether with a review of the working of our Limited Companies' Act, which, in the opinion of some, tends to negative the measure, while at the same time arguing in favour of the principle here laid down and contended for. First of all, allow me to state that the case of dummyism referred to is only one link accidentally unhitched in a long continuous chain of wholesale mischief, which has been systematically adopted, condoned, or winked at by principals, legal managers, and directors, for more than 12 years past, as also by those whose commercial and social standing should have been some guarantee of rectitude and business integrity. The case of one company some years ago may still be fresh in the minds of many; how, when the first robbers had secured their gains, and the company was, formed, the directors were unable to make excuse for the legitimate ? carrying on, owing to ( this 'every system of dummyism. Or later on, the case of another, still in the recollection of some; how a certain director in that company dummies away nearly, the whole, of his shares. "',,", . , .) -¡ , a! 50yds space permitted I could fill columns with facts or similar rascality",' and I would here ask sir, whether, in the absence of of the principal himself, the person who attests to these fraudulent signatures may not be held liable, according to law, for a misdemeanour or, conspiracy to defraud? To argue, as some of those perpetrators do, that every one has the option of doing the same, and that it has been the recognised custom of trade, is not only rapid in itself, but evidence of the great commercial immorality existing in our midst,' and the urgent necessity of the immediate adoption of some stringent measure to eradicate such evil. Does not the law profess to punish those who defraud those who conspire to defraud 1 But apart from this aspect of the case altogether, I submit that the Limited Companies' Act is unworkable, except perhaps under very exceptional circumstances ; such as, say, in a district where mining has not assumed any gigantic proportions, and consequently where transactions being necessarily for, the sellers of shares would have plenty of time and opportunity to ensure the said shares being transferred into the name of the buyer. Or, taking a different case, say, that of a mine whose prospects are so undoubted, that a banking institution would unhesitatingly advance the where withal to a good directory representing an equally good company of shareholders for the development of their mine, as, for instance, was the case with the Bischoff (tin) years ago. But I maintain that in the 09 majority of cases, especially in mining centres where business is brisk, and transactions can be counted by hundreds daily, it is utterly impossible for either principals or their agents acting for them, to button-hole their buyer for the purpose of of registering each transaction. Hence the seller must either forego in many cases the sale altogether, or give an open transfer and trust to the integrity of his buyer. Even to fill in the buyers name on the transfer is insufficient, on the buyer often and deliberately erases such name, and passes it on to some one else as a blank transfer, so that the only real safeguard is to insist on the immediate lodgment of transfer, which, as I think, I have shown is next to impossible. But if any further evidence were wanting of the awkward ness surrounding this act of Parliament, we have only to consider the jammed position of many of our companies to-day, some which are daily going into liquidation just through this sort of thing and the verdict in the minds of practical business men must be adverse to the continuation of a system of so evidently pernicious a nature Then there is the almost unlimited power which this act gives to directors. Is it not a fact that there are companies and companies which have been floated at the expense of a bo lieving and hoodwinked public that ought never to have been in existence, but which have been put upon the market during the late spasmodic revivals in mining covering the last two unfortunate years-companies formed to work ground known to have been i prospected and abandoned as valueless years and years ago? Yes, forsooth, we find men bad enough as directors to act in concert together, work their way into the directory of one, two, or three companies adjoining each other, and per 1 haps in the same office, where they can conveniently call the meetings on the same afternoon or evening, and pocket their 5s. I a sitting, or 15s. at one pop, and the legal (manager fattens thereon., This is the way that public confidence is encouraged by professedly philanthropic men'. who will laudation by the hour about the minerals of Tasmania and the grand future of our country. All this, or more distressing still than all, is the constant knowledge that those who have been guilty of the most wrong, have in many cases made the most money. The old adage, " Honesty is the best policy," may, no doubt, be figuratively or morally correct, but in this part of the globe it is too often commercially a lie. Here we are in a small country with a limited population of only some 120,000 men, women and children, perhaps there are some 40,000 men ; we have something like 330 companies registered under the Limited Liability Act, representing a total liability of some £5,000,000, of which there is not, at any rate, more than 10 per cent paid up, leaving in round numbers (E. G O.F.) about £40 per head mining liability and providing that that liability was divided again, what then must be the liability on the individuals responsible in the shape of the 40,000 men ? Another unhappy feature of this "white elephant" and in the inability of honest individuals who are hopelessly bankrupt through this iniquitous burden to safely rid themselves of this liability in order to make a fresh start in life in any other way than through the Bankruptcy Court itself, and it is questionable in my mind whether, if the matter was legally tested, the civil power of that Court itself can accomplish that object. I venture to think that it is these unforeseen und insurmountable difficulties, coupled with the unparalleled swindling with which our small handicapped community is saddled that is answerable for the present alarming stagnation in the mining market of Tasmania. " Once bitten twice shy" can be interpreted to- day, " You often bitten always shy." Formerly bona-fide investors here are now buttoning up their pockets with fear, while outside in- vestors have been so " slammed " that they are at last perfectly crushed and to solicit their assistance in the shape of mining areas, now would be to draw forth a negative and indignant reply. As to looking to the mining mouoyocracy for help in these times of distress, why, you may as well pray to the moon ; they won't touch a thing that they don't get for next to nothing that is, if it happens to be a new venture, and in most cases take good care not even to contribute their quota of calls except in companies that have a commercial value larger considerably than the calls themselves, so that the money is A actually left to the mercy of Providence and the influential operations of a few poverty-stricken commission agents truly brokers." There are men parading the streets of Launceston to-day whose only crime is their poverty mon possessed of health, strength, and vigour of mind, who cannot be blamed for shrinking from menial labour, in the absence of the possession of any mechanical knowledge, who are good men and true, and calculated to be a benefit to their fellows if not suffering under the sting of poverty and the consequent pass-by of public prejudice. And what is the reason ? Simply because they are commercially jammed' and socially damned by one and the other, and all the result of their unenviable connection with the Limited Liability Act, 1869. I must apologise, however, for saying so much which, after all, naturally leads to the enquiry what is best to be done, and I am only representing the opinions of many when I suggest First, in connection with the companies already in existence under the Limi- ted Liability Act, that no transfers be accepted until passed by the directors) and make these high-handed gentlemen in some measure responsible for their own actions. I know that the deed of association already provides in the 41st clause, that no transfers' shall be accepted while the company is in debt for borrowed money ; but where is the manager, who, I venture to think, even knows, or if knowing, adheres to this clause ? I am quite aware that for a considerable future this would cause great inconvenience and much confusion. A similar difficulty, however, confronted the Victorian mining community years ago prior to their almost universal adoption of the No Liability, and when they also were groaning under the weighty disadvantages and unlimited awkwardness of this model and misnamed Limited Liability Act, 1869, and there for a considerable time, at any rate, the commercial atmosphere was in a similar state of stagnation, until things naturally righted themselves through the wholesale adoption of the one system to the almost entire exclusion of the other. The advantages of the No Liability Act. are readily acknowledged by almost everybody who has had experience of the both, and in a community where mining has become sufficiently popular to cause general speculation and mining business, the Act works successfully ; first, because there is no scare destroying anyone's happiness on account of any liability thathemaynot be willing to meet, though the shares are in his name in the books. The Act provides that his non-pay- ment of calls causes his interest in the company to cease) his shares go by default, and are actually forfeited by his contract, advertised, and sold by auction within a certain number of days, without any mystical form or ceremony. From this system advantages accrue of too important a nature to be overlooked, \- For instance, it necessitates the company keeping out of debt, or the gentlemen directors who permit the debt to pay it themselves should the company prove unable to do so. At any rate, the shareholders can please themselves about paying it or not, and if the directors are unwise enough to incur this responsibility the verdict must be " serve them right." Some one may say, "Oh, but under this state of things we should have no mines developed anywhere, because the banks would not give us any money. "I reply, a good thing if they would not, because the companies would be in a healthy commercial condition to buy into, and so long as it had a ghost of a show the forfeited shares tail auction would always bring the smallest possible call it would lay within the powers of directors" to make. Many a no-liability in Victoria changes almost its entire proprie worshipful the shape of its shareholders every ferments, and no one lives in that case more than he chooses, while the calls can be made so frequently that the mine is coil: stantly kept at work except it proves itself thoroughly worthless, in which case public opinion shuts it up by not paying the amount of the last call at auction for the shares. Then the ' claim becomes abandoned, and other fellows can't have a show at it if they like to do so and this leads me to remark that the most oxen rienced men in mining everywhere condemn the principle of auctioneering mining shares in any company other than those that are legitimately placed under the hammer on conditions already mentioned. Many a mine here has been beggared out of existence by the auction element, and though perhaps not recently, through the tampering and positive roguery which this lax system admits of at any rate in the hands of equally lax and unprincipled men. Yours, etc., ONE WHO KNOWS, 