THE NAKED TRUTH. THERE is no greater nonsense talked than all the rubbish we hear about land grant railways being dangerous because they will put land into the hands of big capitalists. That they will do so is of course evident, where the non- sense comes in is the pretence that this is in any way different from what has gone, on for years, and is going on now. Four-fifths of the land already sold has gone to speculative capi- talists, and pretty well on their own terms. Look at the list of freehold estates catalogued for sale by any of the large auctioneers, and find out how they were acquired, and what equivalent the state got for them. In the coast country, where rain falls frequently, and water is pretty abundant, the small settlers have had a little chance in the scramble. They have got hold of the leavings, when the capitalists have had their pick, with perhapo here and there a good lump just to keep the quiet and enable some land Minister to lay his hand on his heart and protest his honesty while he was allowing his friends to smuggle away blocks further out beyond the range of the selectors. But out in the back country where small holdings are pretty nearly impossible, and where land grant railways are proposed, the capitalists have had it all their own way. What with pre-emptive sales and auctions "arranged " to suit purcha- sers, nearly every acre alienated has gone to the capitalist or dummier. The auctions par- ticularly are just " put up things " between the Minister and capitalist. Let any simple minded reader of these lines who believes that land is sold or alienated in the squatting districts to suit the interests of anyone but the capitalist buyer, get hold of a man who has worked in the lands office, or in the office of one of our big commission agents and stand liquors to him till he grows confidential, and he will tell him how the oracle is worked. The funniest part of the business is that every leading politician knows thoroughly how complete a swindle our land administration is, and yet they stand up and, without the ghost of a smile, talk long winded nonsense about preserving the " public estate from the foreign speculator." A first class comedian could take a lesson from some of them in the way they keep their counte- nances, till after the cheers of the public meeting have died away, the vote of thanks has been passed, and they are able to look in each other's faces and laugh loud and long at the simple folly of those whose votes have kept them in office. Simply and shortly the truth is this: The land laws are so administered that when the land is alienated, in the squatting districts, it is disposed of solely in the interests of capitalists, mostly squatters. The poor man, the small selector, hasn't, and isn't ever likely to have a chance. All the credit that one land Minister can claim over another is that he has tried to get a little more for the land, and not been quite so complaisant to his supporters, as his predecessor. It isn't much of a difference, even when you have made the most of it. When you hear a squatter denouncing the " alienation of large blocks to foreign capital- ists," you will understand that he is in a mortal fright lest he or his friends may have to buy land in future from sellers who will insist in having money for their money's worth, and no longer be able to coax or threaten the department to give it him on his own terms. When you hear a man like Griffiths, who has " arranged " auctions in his time, or see his mouthpiece the Telegraph talking similar rub- bish, you will know that they are reckoning on your ignorance and practising on your credulity. And when you hear Grimes, Isambert, Brookes, and the rest on the same tack, remember they are talking of what they know nothing about. If they only knew with what glee the big land specu- lators of the Queensland Club chuckle over their artless prattle, it is to be feared they would feel very bad over it. Commonsense people who take the trouble to think for themselves will agree that as far as the disposition of the public estate is concerned, land grant railways partake much less of the character of a swindle, than the administration of the different Minis- ters for Lands we have had. Better to hand over the fee simple of our public estate accord- ing to the terms of a fair bargain made openly and under all our eyes, than to continue to allow it to be smuggled secretly, in separate parcels, down the back stairs of the lands department. 