THE IRISH REBELLION AND MAS SACRE OF 1041. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Having read in Friday's Register an account of the massacres said to have taken place in Ireland in the year 1641, as laid down by your correspondent, in which he tries to give an account in his own bigoted way, and would try to lead people to believe his state ment to be true. It is a great pity that corre spondents do not be more careful in what they write, and not charge crimes to a nation which were never committed. Now, Sir, I wish to give the following account, as laid down in Haverty's 'History of Ireland,' 1883, and which was published in London in 16(52. That there was no massacre in the Irish rebellion in 1641 is proved by the rfosest investigation. How the falsehoods and exaggerations on this patter first got into circulation is a curious subject of enquiry. Clarendon in his History loosely asserted that 40,000 or 50,000 Protestant3 were murdered at the commencement of the rebellion before they suspected any danger, which must have been within the first three or four days at the farthest ; Sir John Temple pnta it at 150,000 ; Sir William Petty made it a subject, and fixes it at 30,000; and a writer named May has raised it to 200,000. The Rev. Dr. Warner, an English Protestant clergyman, in his ' History of the Rebellion in Ireland,' took great pains to ascertain the truth from authentic documents, and the persons killed out of war (not at the beginning only) amounted altogether to 2,109, on the part of other Protestants 1,61 9 more, and, on' the report of some, the whole making 4,023, besides 8,000 more killed by ill-usage; and he adds, if we allow the cruelties of the Irish out of war extended tothes-jnumbers — which, considering the nature of several of the depositions, I think in my heart we cannot — yet, to be impartial we must allow that there is no pretence for laving greater num bers to their charge. This account he tells us was corroborated by_ a letter which he copied out of the Council books at Dublin, and which was written ten years after the beginning of the rebellion, from the Parlia mentary Commissioners, whoexpres3ly say ia this letter that it then appeared that besides S48 families, there were killed, hanged, and burnt 6,062. There is a great difference between these numbers and those quoted by your correspondent, which vary from Petfcy's 20,000 to Mr. May's 200,000 ; but an examina tion of the authentic documents on which both Dr. Warner andthe Parliamentary Com missioners grounded their calculations will show that little or no reliance can be placed upon them, ard that the very lowest estimate is most probably a monstrous exaggeration. A Commission was issued by the Lord Justices in 1644 to enquire what lands had been seized, what murders committed by the rebels, what number of Protestants had perished on the way to any place whither they fled, &c.; ; and the Commissioners con tinued from March till October to take deposi tions. Crowds came with their stories, but their evidence was nearly all hearsay, and but few of them were sworn. Great nnmber3 of _ them were poor women and servants, illiterate persons unable to sign their names, and it may be suspected that the mere parole evidence of such persons under the circum stances could be of little value. They allowed free scope to their imagination ; every one wished to exceed his neighbour's story, and moat of them could only tell what they heard. Others say, while they were prisonera -with the Papists, if a Protestant girl heard a Papist cowboy boast of the number of murders that he and hi3 friends committed, making no allowance at all for the grim ?waggery of such a person, wishing to frighten the poor Protestant prisoners out of their wits, the horrible tale wasbroughu to theConi missioners, and a deposition taken to that effect. Sometimes the examinations related to the ghosts of the murdered Protestants, who appeared walking on the water brandish ing spectre swords, and raisiug their hands to heaven. A great part of the depositions of the Rev. Robert Maxwell, afterwards Protestant Bishop of Kilmore, ia actually taken up with these dreadful apparitions. Many of the depositions described the same murders, as if committed in different places, and many also deposed to numbers of persons who were known to be alive several years after. However, all the depositions were collected and carefully bound up in thirty two folio volumes, which are still preserved in the library of Trinity College, Dublin, and these are the precious documents on which, and on someofiieial reports, Dr. Warner made his calculations. Sir John Temple collected from them the best extracts he could for his History, and these have been republished in numerable tunes as authentic evidence, but the whole together are of little historic value Dr. Lirgaid (voL vii., note N.X.N Gth ed ) quotes eeveral despatches, letter?, and coir mission frovi the Lord Justices to the English. Parliament, Privy Co'.mcfl, &c;, written with in the first two months after the outbreak, ?which either make no allusion at all to mur ders, or do so in terms which plainly indicate that there was no yencral massacre, and thae profound historian argues, if we consider the language of these despatches and at the -ame. rime recollect who were the writers. _Aud what an interest your correspondent hay in not going like a man into the whole statj -n- nt. jB« could not see his way 'any further than the fearful massacre of 200,000 men, and with thn accocnt proclaims the Irish demons. J should cot have written such a tong letter were it not that I wish to refute last Friday's letter and to give your numerous readers to understand that there never was a massacre in Ireland. I hope you will publish this in yonr valuable paper. I am, Sir, &c;, d. m. McCarthy, Late Sergt. 3rd Buffs, Gray-street, &c.; 