CRUMBS. ' I .Nights very cold. Indications of rain. j Tho London police fore® costs over £1,200,000 yearly. Tho colts will prove too much for the ' old gents.' Dr. Ross is opposed to smoking, tea drinking, and alcohol. Mr. M. Oonwav sava that a fiitiirn lifA r««fa mainly on speculation. Tho contractors for the Gundagai railway lino have commenced work. Healy showed good cricket on Saturday ; and no doubt will show better at Wagga. Cock and pie, who shall die ? was the general question at the gentleman fowl-fight the other day. Sir W. J. Clarke's hor9e Bordeaux, burst a bleod vessel whilst galloping at Flemington C' on Tuesday morning. ^ Twonty thousand persons a year, it is esti mated, take their own lives in Russia. Life : and religion must be lightly valued in Russia. Michael Davitt, speaking at a meeting of the Irish National League at Wexford, ad mitted that the League had not attained to tho power that it was expected to possess. Why aro ladies the biggest thieves in exist ence ? Because they steel their petticoats, bone their stays, crib their babies, and hook their eyes. The Government invite tenders for 150,000 tons of steel rails, and for the supply of rolling-stock (other than locomotives) for five years. ^ Saturday night was quite a Paddy's market night, a great number of navvies being in town. Tho pubs, had the greater | share of tho profits. jfr Mr. Wm. Westgarlh has published an J| article in the Mall Fall Gazette , in which he advo ates a proportionate representation of | the colonies in the Imperial Cabinet. | It is reported that a plot has been dis- § covered in Canada to destroy the Marquis of Lansdowne, the new Governor-General of f the Canadian Dominion, by means of dyna mite. if Baron Rothschild's carriage at Vienna is lighted by electric light. The apparatus is f-v beneath the coachman's seat, and the light, $ which will burn 200 hours, is within ordinary U carriage lamps. In an advertisement, the lady principal of a school mentioned her lady assistant, and the 'reputation for teaching which she bears but the printer omitted accidentally or jokingly the relative pronoun ' which,' and the adv. went forth commending the lady's ' reputation for teaching she bears.' The Liverpool people, whose wants are most miserably represented in Parliament, after an influential deputation waiting on the Minister for Works, have at last obtained that very satisfactory answer that 'due consideration' will bo given to the matter bearing on the construction of a bridge over 5 George's River. At presout the bridge for v passenger traffic represents a plank of not . f any more than a foot in width, and on ^ occassions of floods, tho current being so strong, it is dangerous to venture across, moro especially for children going to school. t. Now that they are blessed with a creditable ? | local newspaper — one that is evidently -- -f determined to supply tho long felt want — i|\\. ^ Liverpool, memorable for Fisher's ghost, will -no longer remain in obscurity. *|s \ According to the Arc/its, Mr. Conway says : 1 $ — 'In the future women will grow in mind and body, in accordance with the beneficent ? designs of mother Nation ; and man's com- ^ panion and equal will cease to disfigure herself by trying to assume a, wasp-like waist, or any other deformities, in obedience to the dictates of anything so inexpressibly foolish, unnatural, and caprious as fashion. The resurrection of woman to her rightful j , ? position will mean tho resuscitation of her | v physicial bloom and beauty, brightness and [ vigour ; and will be accompanied by the , emancipation 'of her intellect. At the same . time man will be emancipated from the long cherished superstitions concerning the proper place for woman.' _ ^ f| Much discussion is going on in American ?)-- scientific circles with regard to the supposed human footprints discovered in the sand- # stone in the yard of the Nevada state prison at Carson. Dr. Harkness, of the Californian ip$ Academy of Sciences, has affirmed that these 'iS footprints were made by a race of big footed M men, but Professor O. C. Marsh, of Yale, W combats this view. The footprints are in U-- six series, each with alternate right and left Jf tracks, the strides being from 2-|ft. to 3ft. in h extent. The individual footprints are from ' 18in. to 20in. in length and about 8in. wide. The distance between the line of right-hand and left-hand tracks, or the straddles, is I8in. to 19in. Professor Marsh thinks the size of these footprints, and especially the ^ width between the right and left series, is \ t strong evidence that they were not made by k men. He believes a more probable explana- f , tion is that the impressions are the tracks of a large sloth, either mylodon or morothe- | - rium, remains of which have been found ia % essentially the same horizon. The foot- V prints are almost exactly what these animals - would make if the hind feet covered the ^ impressions of those in front. The size, ^ stride, and width between the right and left series of impressions all point to the foot- i'.;. prints which the mylodon or morotherium ^ might be expected to make. Since express ing these views before the National Academy v of Sciences, Professor Marsh has examined || photographs and casts of the footprints, and has been confirmed in his opinion that the. supposed human tracks were made by larg» , orlontat.es or toothless animals, to whioh the : sloth and the armadillo belong. The impor- . |§ tant fact has boon determined that some of || tho tracks show impressions of the forefeet ; and tho latter are somewhat outside of the &1 large footprints, as would naturally bo th» M oaso if tho animal changed its course. J M 