j GEORGIE SMITHSON'S ENTER I TA1NMENT. nfc the Willmmstown' Mechanics’ Institute on [ | Ihursday evening last, in that species of “ i entertainment peculiarly her own, which she designates '• Knlin^/itoiduro-uy.o'-i'an’i.'’ Tile . attendance was not such as Ihe quality of the bill of fare deserved. Thcartisteinm-ikingher bow toheraudienec,explained the.natuveof her programme and paid a tribute to the orderly nature of the population of Willumstown, none of whom had exhibited a larrikinistic tendency since her three days’ sojourn, save in tearing down her hills, for which she for gave them. The real secret of success in Miss Smithson's performance is the very rapid changes of character and costume she poiutrays. Her ordinary dress during the assumption is a heavy full long one1 of scarlet, with a long white woollen cape How she manages to dispose of this, assume a new role, and rehabilitate herself in it Again in such an incredible short space of time is a matter of wonder. Her assistant, a very raw Irishman, known as Mr Mulcahy, with a lively penchant for the sherry decanter, keeps the audience in the utmost good-humor during her departure to change and rc-appear in the different characters. As the Duchess of Devonshire, Miss Smithson gave a faith ful representation of that beautiful .and accomplished lady. In the depiction of an '* iEstbete,” she was immioably “ too uttarly utter,” She posed as a Lancashire lass, in very good style, her clogging being a feature. Among other characters, that of a mailed knight, during the pourtrnyal of which songs descriptive of the miniature national flags, England, Ireland, America, and lastly Australia are introduced, was excellent. As a French vivandiere she was coquettish interesting. A Bill Sykes character and that of a swell of the. first water, particularly I he latter, clearly afforded demonstration'that a female /may make up as a male beyond identification. A b -.t-bsqueing of Itobinson Crusoe and his matt Friday followed. Hr James Holloway as man Friday, was as usual laughably artistic. A really accom plished pianistc rendered the musical portions of tbecnfertiiinment. What’s in a name ?—Four letters. A table of interest.—The dinner table. Too late for the fair.—An old bachelor. A grate discovery.—Coal. Net profits.—A fisherman’s. The present day.—Your birthday. A pair of rubbers.—A washerman’s hands. High liviDg for hard times.—Rooms in the When is a lover like his tailor?—When he presses his suit. A soldier cannot be half a soldier if ho is in quarters. One who can always get bread when he kneads it.—A baker. The schoolmistress may not be a- mind reader, but she makes readers mind. Why is an hotel-ghost like an exciseman? —..'ecause he is an inn-speetre. 