THE MYSTERY OF; INIQUITY. The history of the Church of Rome is the most marvellous of all' the Associations that have .arisen in , the world. She has been the subject of the clearest prophecies bf.,Daniel,,St. Paul, and St. John, and her doom is cast in language most terrible — " Babylon.the great is fallen, is fallen — therefore her plagues shall. co'me. (in' ; one day, death and, mourning1 1 and ; famine (Rev. xviii. ch.)" No empire of ancient or modern times has , experienced so mar vellous , and ..varied ; vicissitudes as the empire of the Roman Church., Born in obscurity, and reared in adversity, thiit church nevqrtheless succeeded iu climbiDg to, a loftier throne and. in grasping-, the sceptre of a more absolute dominion than Xerxes or Alexander, could boast, i,-, ; She has had her triumphs and her defeats, but she must outlive her allotted period' of 1260 days before her final fate. ' Truly she is the Mystery of Iniquity. When the Germans thought to bind her with imperial orcliaances and laws, she proudly snapped tiiein asunder. When the Abyssinian,' Christians hoped to undermine her authority by laying bare jher corruptions, she commanded fire and aword to destroy the presumptious here tics. "When Philip the fair dared to de grade and imprison one of her haughty pontiffs, she wiped off the ignominy, and brought hack her chieftain ; and so with Napoleon, who degraded and then lifted up .the Pope — hoth being necessary for his policy. She has however been crip pled and exposed by the Reformation as corrupt and tyrannical ; yet she still lives, and in the language of Bishop Barker, who, in laying tne foundation-stone of the Protestant Hall, said — " Some have sought relief from the responsibility of private judgment in the voice of the church, the unanimous consent of the Fathers, or in the authoritative decisions of a spiritual guide ;" or the still stronger out-spoken language of Bishop Manning, who declares the Pope to be " the supreme judge on the earth and of the consciences of men, of the peasant that tills the ground of the prince that sits on the throne, of the householder that sits in the shade of 'irivacy and the legislator that makes aws for the kingdom. I am the last supreme judge on earth of what is right or wrong." We have here an assumption that no earthly monarch ever put. forth ; the Pope the conscience keeper of the world. Yet infallability was an . unsettled ques- b ion until very recently. ; Some said it lay within the council, others in the Pope and the council combined. But after many hundreds of years of conflict, the late Pope had the question settled in favour of himself. Yet the church has been remarkable for its schisms, one lasted 40 years with opposing Popes, each deposing and damn ing the other ; and when we trace down the History of the Popes we find them turbulent, immoral, vicious, and utterly unapostolic. Yet these are the men to provide consciences for men, to dictate to men the meaning of scripture, to rule kings and legislators, and to enslave all mankind ; and this, as Doughty says, on the rotten foundation of the policy of early tradition and apostolic succession. Let us glance at this apostolic Popedom. \- Eugenius IV. — This Pontiff had to flee from Borne owing to the war that broke out between him and some of the Baronial houses. The Council of Basel boldly declared its superiority to Papal man dates, and would not submit to the Pope's legates, until they had shown obedience to all its decrees, and enacted statutes to abolish annate and other lucrative but tyrannical prerogatives of the Popedom. He summoned a new council at Florence, where Basil elected a new Pope, and all the fierceness of the former schism was revived ; the death of Eugenius fortu nately put an end to these proceedings. His successor was a more peaceful man — Nicholas V. Paul II. was remarkable for his racing propensities. Horses, mares, asses, buffaloes raced, and the Pope rewarded the winners ; but he per secuted the Jews and literary men. Sixtus the IV. was rather remarkable for having several sons whom to enrich and advance was his most anxious concern ; he had seized the estates of one of the nobles of Romagna to confer on one of his sons but was opposed by Lorenzo ; it was therefore determined to murder him, the assassination was fixed for Sunday, of him and his whole family at high Mass. All things were ready and the conspirators gathered round the victims. At the moment the priest raised the consecrated wafer the assassins rushed on their victims. One fell pierced with wounds, but Lorenzo defended himself until help came to the rescue : and the people seized the Arch bishop of Pisa one of the conspirators, and hung, him out of one of the windows of the' palace. The Pope mortified at the failure of the plot waged war against Lorenzo and filled' Northern Italy with bloodshed and terror. To aggrandise his children and his relatives he shrunk from no crime, and his last emotion was of regret that he left Italy in peace. . Innocent the VIII. He had spent a dissipated life and his moBt earnest desire was to enrich the 7 children, the acknowledged result of his amours. The Bull he issued against the Waldenses was horrible, " he exhorted all bishops together with the princes of France to take up arms and tread under foot these people as venomous adders." The inhabitants of the valley were hunted to the mountain caves, these were stopped up with piles of wood which were set on fire and multi tudes of both sexes were hurled over the rocks and dashed to pieces, crowds were cruelly suffocated and 400 infants at the. breast .were thus brutally destroyed ; altogether. 3000 : perished at. the hands of these pontifical persecutors ; but it would occupy too much space to give the biography of these holy popes. Edderic Borgia the successor of Innocent, the son of Pope Calistus the III., went to the extreme limit of papal depravity and in his history we have the lowest abyss of baseness, of murder, incest, adultery, relentless cruelty and shameless perfidy, all met in the life of this monster. " He entered his office," says a writer, " with the meekness of an ox, but ended it with the fierceness of a lion." Savanorola the reformer he burned in the streets of Florence and his ashes he had thrown into the Arno ; and with his son Cmsar Borgia he sought to destroy as many as he could of the Romariese nobles for the sake of their wealth. The son was a great warrior and soldier, not of the cross but the sword, he was accused of murdering his own brother the Duke of Gandia. The end of this monster Alexander VI. was most appropriate. Borgia and the Pope had plotted to poison a rich Cardiual that they might possess his wealth ; among the wine provided for a banquet one bottle was poisoned and carefully set apart, but the Pope and his son coming in before supper called for some wine, the servant by mis take gave them the poisoned bottle and Alexander died the same evening, while the son escaped having diluted the wine. On the news of this monster's death, it is related that all Borne rushed to gaze upon the monster's corpse, which, by his unbounded ambition, perfidy and frightful cruelties and avarice in things. sacred, had poisoned the whole world. Of his successor, Pius the III., it is related that his 10 years were devoted to frauds and stratagems, deeds of violence and injustice. He was a warrior, took an active part in the wars, headed bis army, and was often the fore most in the battle, and was the first in a siege to mount the wall sword in hand. In the discussion in Dubliu between Bichard Pope and Priest Macguire, the latter, being hard pressed on the subject of the Pope's infallability, admitted that there were eleven disreputable Popes, whereas in 150 years there were at least 50 such characters ; but admitting the 11, what becomes of the apostolic chain with 11 broken links ? What becomes of the succession, with its multitude of disputes about grace, about the proces sion of the Holy Ghost, about Easter about election, about leavened bread, disputes about causes of conscience by 40 doctors, about the communion in both kinds, the conception of the Virgin Mary, the spurious decretals, Eucharist, cheese and eggs not to be eaten during Lent, how Eve was formed, the controversy about images, rebaptization, and a multi tude of squabbles with wide schisms, one of 40 years. Yet this is the only church in which men can be saved ; and these pure and holy Popes are like soverigns of the world ; they claim the power to de throne sovereigns, to place nations under the ban of excommunication, to absolve Binners as the three bishops have absolved Archbishop Vaughan (without hearing his confession) weeks after his death, without receiving the last sacrament of extreme unction. Really we do not know which to feel, pity or contempt for such bare faced assumption under the mask of Christianity. The bond of unity in the Church of Borne is uuity in the Pope. It matters not what his character may be, nor how many disputes and schismB may be in the church, if there be an idol Pope that is enough. Popery is the Pope and the Pope is Popery. It matters not what his morality may De : ne is tne noiy rope — God's vice-regent on earth; as God he presides, and neither murder nor suicide, nor any other crime, can break the links of ADOstolic succession of Peter's Head- ship. B. S. Work of tlie British and Foreign Bible Sciety.— The British and Foreign Bible Society at the time of the great distress from the recent floods in Ger mans, distributed to each family of the suf fers, as far as possible, a large print memorial New Testament or in cases which seemed to call for it, a complete Bible. The total dis tribution may, when all the figures come in, approach 8,000 copies, with an outlay to the Society in books alone of about £400. Of these books 3,000 may be put down as given to ProtestantB ; 5,000 to Roman Catholics, who, as is known, form a large percentage of the population of the Rhenish provinces. The exact statistics will come into the accounts for 1883. The inscription leaflet pasted inside the front cover of each book was headed by the verses 1 Peter v. 6 and 7 — " Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, that He may exalt you in due time : casting, all your care upon Him, for He careth for: you." i-The words, "A gift from the ; British' and -Foreign Bible Society, in com memoration of -the calamitous floods in the winter of ;1882-3," ' followed on the middle' of the page, arid ' at the bottom space was left : for the recipient's name. Many of the Roman Catholics received . the present with joy- and gratitude. The priests put notices in the newspapers warning the people against re ceiving the books and the colporteurs who distribute them are not always well treated. Some reeeive them gladly others call them devils. Colporteur Henschel (Coblenz) re lates, among other experiences, that a priest, abusing him, called him a hypocrite and so forth ; that he was turned out by a postmaster and several shopkeepers ; that others acted as if he were offering them something hurtful and pernicious, but that, as elsewhere, the poorer sufferers received the New Testaments gladly. " Most persons were aware of the warning in the Coblenz newspaper, but they did not know what books were referred to. Others are in doubt because I will not accept a farthing for the Book and ask mistrustingly whether the state will not make a claim later on." At the investigation of a priest a burgo master wanted to arrest colporteurs Engel and Eydain but they were perfectly within the exercise of their rights. The priests of the 1 old catholics ' welcome the books. It is pleasant to read of the many Roman Catholics who come into the Colporteurs thanking them for the gifts that have opened their eyes. In many instances those who most violently re jected the book at first have secretly read it and come for more. Marriage of Mr. J. E. Red mond. — <l Frotn the Sydney papers we learn that Miss Johanna Dalton, step-sister to the Messrs. Dalton Brothers, of this town, is to be married to Mr. J. E. Redmond, M.P., a delegate of the Irish National League, on the 4th of September next. The marriage will take place in Sydney, and the young couple leave two days after the event for England. As Miss Dalton is a native of this townj and , has many friends in our midst, a liappy future and bon voyage from her native land, will, we feel sure, be the wish of all who read this." This piece of intelligence we found in the Orange Liberal, but as; that journal in the same issue broadly hinted that it was hard up for something to make, the paper interesting and seemed to be particularly well up in some peculiar methods that it recounted, for pro viding interesting news during the Parlia mentary recess, the par. may possibly be only , a squib, that was intended to make a fizz and : end in smoke. Still there very probably is more than smoke in it.' Judging from , their antecedents Mr. Redmond and Miss DM ought to suit each other. There are .other circumstances which, make, the, report appear, to have truth in ;it. If .true',, we,: wish .the1 couple good luck and hopo' that Mr. Redindrid , will give up roaming 'about the world excit- , ing the evil passions of his ... impulsive ignorant countrymen and will turn into quite a domestic character and train up his children to bo loyal peaceful citizens. The acquisition of a wife and fortune and family ought to sober a man and change his views upon the no-rent question. We shall indeed rejoice to hear that Mr. J. E. Redmond, M.P., has sown all his wild oats. Priestly cruelty in Auck land. — The Auckland prieBts have been exhibiting the cruel intolerance of their Church we see in the New Zealand Free Press and have had to appear in the law courts on account of their cruel ejectment of a family , called Walsh from a mud hut, in, the R. C. cemetery. It seems that the hut which the Church of Rome claims authority over had always been occupied by Roman Catholics and not until a Protestant family became inmates did the holy, fathers announce that the place was of low repute and eject them accordingly. The circumstances were these as far as we can gather. The Walshes who occupied the hut in the R. C. cemetery were Roman Catholics, the younger members of the family had grown up in such close proximity to the holy priests of Rome and had seen so much of them that they naturally lost all awe and reverence for them. Irish Roman Catholics who have been thoroughly trained by the priests are proverbial for neglect and desertion of their aged and infirm parents and these Walshes who had been reared under the shadow of the chapel and upon consecrated ground, who were we may say bathed in holy water it would appear were not verv tender children to their aged and infirm old mother. She was induced to go to Otahu for change where says the Free Press " she remained about three weeks only. During this time, and seeing she was now entirely alone in the world, her married daughter, Mrs. Elliott, whose husband had joined the Salvation Army, proposed that she and her husband, with their little ones, should go and live with grandmother, and take care of her for the rest of her days. It was this arrangement that brought the Elliott's into the cabin only a few days previous to the eject ment. Now however that they were in the place, and not really till now, did its ' low repute ' really begin seriously to dawn upon the pious minds of the Holy Fathers of Auckland 1 The innocent, pious souls 1 " Mr. Walsh it seems had been dead two or three years and all this time (again we quote the Auckland paper) " he has remained frizzling in 1 the Church's ' purgatory, and hiB widow has been bled and fleeced out of every copper she could scrape together to pay for Masses to get him released from purgatory, and des patched to heaven. The very money she has thus been defrauded out of, by this devilish- priestly imposition, she now stands in need of for her support in her declining days. But what do the priests care ? They have got her moriey and her children's as well, and so long as she is blind to, their wicked delusions, they have got her too. They, will not care for her, whether she live or die the Protestants, ant their government rations are here to fall back upon, and that is enough for them ! " : Rome and ' Murder.— u 1 tramon tanes are very anxious j urit now, while every- body is thinking, ,01 .tlie ders, to! pursiiade, Englishmen that the Popes of Rome have never .given their sanction to murder. , History,; -however, abundantly rej- futes i heir assertions!. ; It! was Pope Gregory XIII. for instahcej who, publicly thanked God for, the frightful massacre, of St. Bartholomew . in 1572. Thb i's'ame Pope was once ..asked whether, if any one. murdered our own Qiieeh Eliznbeth, would ho "approve the action?" To which question lie replied, "As touching the taking away of that impious Jezebel, whose life God has permitted for our scourge, I would be loath you should attempt anything unto your own destruction, and we know not how our censure on that point amongst her subjects which profess them selves our children would be taken ; but if you can wisely give such counsel as may be without scandal to the party or to us, know you we, do, not only approve the act, but think the doer, if he suffer death simply for that, to, beworthy of canonization !" Froude's" His tory of England;" YoKvi., p. 45). It is as well also tribe 'remembered that, at this very! time, several of ' tho Gunpowder Plot conspi rators are about to' receive from Leo. XIII. the honour of canonization. Luther Celebration.— The Em!-! peror of Germany has ordered that a general celebration of the four hundredth anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther shall be held on November 9th, " with thanks to God for the blessings, which lie has. conferred upon our people in the Reformation." Have not' we also reason to be thankful for the same' blessings? When shall .''we have a,' Govern ment not ashamed .to. side with the Protestant cause, as does . the' Emperor of Germany ? Britons, owe much to 'Martin Luther,' ! and Ought not to forget to thank God, with Ger many, on the four hundredth anniversary of tlie , great Reformer's . birth. Austria will take part iri the four hundredth celobration of Lutlier's birth by the unveiling of a statue of, the Reformer 'at Asch, a manufacturing town iri Bohemia, end one of the largest Protestant communities in Austria. Mr! "W. Redmond's Lecture. — InSt. Bricliroi's Hall, Kent-street, Mr. Redmond, M.P., delivered under the auspices of the1 Irish National Loagiic a lecture on his personal experience of the Coercion Act;' Mr. J.G1! O'Connor occupied the chair. V The Herald report mentions that a large .number , of national flagsrdocorated the plat fo'rra', but the British ensign was ' conspicuous, by. its absence.' The, agitator ' appears to have , made . light of the, awful outrages tljaf have stained Ireland, arid' actually dared' to assert , what : nobody but a fool would believe, that Mr. Forster presented a fictitious statement of crime in Ireland to justify the introduction of the Coercion Act. Ho will next say that the Phoenix Park and other murders were fictiti-! OU8. Of course the old very obvious absurdity was repeated that the Coercion ''Act was the; cause of the outrages in Ireland, when it is evident that it was introduced to put a 'stop, to them, as it has succeeded iri doing., Mr.' Redmond as usual was not particular about' truth. He told his hearers that the Ladies' Land League was a charitable organization, and that he, poor innocent, benevolent gentle men, was imprisoned for his connection with ' this charitable organization, 'combined'. with some advice he gave to certain tenants to. keep portions of their rent for food and clothing. Now everybody knows, and! it is down in black and white, that. Mr. Redmond's principle offence was — inciting tlie' people to " appeal to the sword." , The Murder of a Protestant is Laudable— About nine years since Lord Acton, a well-known Roman Catholic nobleman, threw Borne light on the doctrine of the Church of Rome as to assassination in a letter which be addressed to the Times. " A Pope," wrote his lordship, " who lived iri Catholic times, arid who is famous in history as the author of the first crusade, decided, that it is no murder to kill excommunicated persons. This rule was incorporated in the Canon Law. During the revision of the Code, whicli took place in the sixteenth century, and which produced a whole volume of cor rection's, the passage was allowed to stand. It appears in every reprint of the " Corpus Juris.' It has been for 700 years and con tinues to be part of the Ecclesiastical law. Far from being a dead letter, it obtained a new application in the days of the Inquisition, and one of the later Popes has declared that tlie murder of a Protestant is so good a deed, that it atones, and more than atones, for the murder of a Catholic." ( The Times, Nov. 9, 1874.) A Scotch Prote9t.— A_ serious encounter took place on Saturday night, 2nd June between a crowd and the railway officials and police at Stromsferry, the western terminus of the Highland Railway. The dis turbance arose from an attempt by the people to prevent the alleged desecration of the Sab bath. It was intended to despatch some fish by special train to catch the limited mail at Inverness for London, but on the fishing steamer's lights being seen a crowd of about 150 people, armed with clubs and Bticks, turned out, and effectually prevented the fish from being landed. Despite all assistance from the police, the mob remained masters of the situation. The fish were not despatched, and on Sunday they rolted in the sun. The Glebe Flection. — The elec tion of Brother M. Chapman by such a telling majority should stimulate our fiiends to take care and keep awake and united. They were caught napping at the last election. Mr. Chapman polled 827 votes, against 350 arid 323 respectively , polled by his opponents. Misther Daly, who, of course, comes from France, accprding to his own showing came forward for the ploasuro of 'being defatod. In short, lie is blue mouldy for want of a bating ; and lie got it, arid 'came up smiling. Strange enough by way of damaging Mr. Chapman, : the enemy circulated handbills, which reflected honour on him, and brought him support. Especially one, recalling cer tain of .his Answers when Mayor of Sydney in 1871, in! which he said lie admitted he was an Orhhgeriian, nnd was proud of it. Although lie had been supported. mainly by Protestants hp' should do what he could to protect the fight8,6f ihe Rbnian'OatholicS. They should have every tliing tbat' was duo to them,' but not an inch more. For years ' the 'corporation has been a sort of refuge for them. ' If Mr. Chapman's Committee had beeri at the cbargb of printing and circulating these wholesome words they could not have behefited biiri more. Lot us have more of these victories' 'at the next election. ;,(,. ; |Y/ "'".VY 