[?] History tells of a man who had a stable with a door thereto, and. who, desiring to give the cat free passage, ar.d yet to keep the stud secure, cut a small hole in the bottom- of the stable door. So far very good, but he went further and proceeded to cut another hole. A friend surprised him in the effort and asked,' Why the two holes r ' The wise man laughed. 'The larger oiie' is for the cat.' 'And the smaller one ?' ?« The smaller one is for the kitten.' Then the other man laughed, and when he told the story all his acquaintances laughed with him. It seems that Mr. Wright, the Minister for Works, in liis recent sjicecr.es ua8 snawn. mucu resemuiunue iu me man who made the two holes. He has been boring away with intent to let prosperity into the land by means of the new land law. The new land law has been the first hole made by his up- country speeches, but that accomplished he has always gone a little further on and made another hole for his railway policy. The one is of no use without the other, he says.' There we differ with him. The larger hole of a sound land policy would let in a useful railway polity as easily as the greater hole in the stable-door the kitten and the cat. Would not a land policy that would have settled 10,000 farnierp, instead of 10 squatters, upon the Murrumbidgee, between Narrandera and Ilav, have produced a railway and stations and people to use them, and no need for differential rates in favour of woolsacks whatever ? We shall see by-and-by. The broad plains between Dubbo and JBourke will be accessible as lliverina in a year or two, and the new Land Bill will work its way amongst them. That is if it first works its way amongst the members of the House. The new Land Bill is said to be a strong pill, and rough and wholly ungilt. The throat of the As sembly will be strained somewhat in its swallowing, and several of those smaller members to whom Parlia ment is but the gate to lucrative land agency business will be in much danger of asphyxia. The Land Bill passage will, at best, be slow and sure ; but there is another bill which will come in with a beat of drums and a flourish of trumpets — will enter with a roll of thunder, and pass out in general rain. It is the new Libel Bill, to be introduced bv the Hon. William Bede Dalley. This jubilant ard valiant gentleman has had a preliminary flourish at Maitland. He lias said that the present state of tilings is altogether bad and not to be endured, and that it is the first duty of honest men to amend it. Perhaps it is. It is also the first duty of all men to love their neighbours as themselves ; and there is about as much chance of all men fulfilling that duty as of the men to whom Mr. Dalley looks passing his libel law. More over it is not a matter of certainty that many sweeping changes in the present law are required. The law would do well enough if Judges were broader and juries a little larger in discrimination. In any case, the attempt at passing that bill will bring in some good speeches. Mr. Dalley can make good speeches ; nobody denies that ; it is only in effect that his power is doubtful. The speeches pass pleasantly, and what remains ? What is the residuum ? It is an important ques tion in many cases. What remains after the words aie spoken, or the great man departed r It is by that , residuum we may frequently test the value of the words or the man. What remains now | after Archbishop Yaughan has departed V There was much stir about his departure, we remember well ; his people in the dust before him, over all the length and breadth of Macquarie-street, from the park to the sea ; but after ship had set sail, aud the masses had been sung, a strange silence fell, broken only by a letter m a London paper, reprinted in the Echo. The letter dealt with the Archbishop as it is the fashion of some English journalists to deal with all dignitaries [ and notorieties nowadays. Dealt with him not offen sively — unless, however, offence grew through too much adulation ; set him up as a pinnacle, in fact, as the one and only Catholic magnate who had ever filled a throne and ruled a people in Australia. It might have been supposed that such flat tery would have been specially acceptable . to the Catholic laity here. They seemed singu larly willing to make of themselves his footstool . during all the time he was with them and above , r them ; but it was not so. Straightway a great multi- ' : tude of voices arose. Archbishop Yaughan is no.t the ®rca^ Catholic. There is this and that and the other, all foundation.men. Archbishop Yaughan is — well, what is he ? The Catholic mind seemed exer cised even more than the Protestant to find an answer to that question, and when at length it came it was strong and peculiar. Archbishop Yaughan has been « magnificent collector and an autocratic ruler 'of his ™8; , I118 roofed a cathedral, and has ^ roewliat impoverished his people. That is the it CnCC a ? ^ie Catholic comment ; but will viifCC° ^ith the addresses of welcome wliicli Grace upon his return ? His Grace : «ni«. ,e Grace or his Eminence \ ' The mitre or the red hat? (M.;, ^ k®8 been one point of culmination in all that I*o business wlucli has recently occupied the n; Ji ,a8ltated the city. One of the knot of at *i8 , ar§ed with conspiring together to rob lifri0 kas been convicted and sent to gaol. crorWr^nn?' *ie.*s an^ warped and withered itv ere i® nothing presentable and ap vl t) 5U,lg d?ngerous about him. It is hard to Inintt 1 „ ie- real culprit ; indeed, it ably hau l ttat lie is 110t- There are \- ozen fat greasy rascals suck e white fhfeS an-* eatinS roast pig some n Darlin^K P°or wret£h is carted from yard to It is another instance of the SacSSi?8, The? rob us &st;' and then aud are satisfied CaJ)e''0at We take the SCape* Dther t^e bricks, pomatum pots, 'Vered^Sf8' fo/ an ingenious Englishma/has I'herrv-TnirfJ186 !or ? domestic cat. As he found IjetwVpn f!?® a tantalising pursuit, he stretched a ? A r-if ° P08*8 at each end of the strawberry ne, to an ^.earu}° a feather collar, is attached, by 'ins hpr °Q £-' l°ose upon the overhead wire, or the ni-vLr0ai? m enc* to end» a furrow being » down the centre of the beds. The tonr noon* . Since this experiment was the nprn-.;fur8 a?°' PPe strawberries have ceased ar to enhiv +vfS- . '^ged marauders, and the cats 0 y th.cn* task. talk and jtf i 8tiH in proper form and in ^SgaUriihf81^011' ^'-Abbott says the Act * or noS m\SS hlTS- 8aV ifc Is tither ^ ^lvTor^L-* The P01s°n ^ the traps ?^down .Places» aild rabbits are a report £ey 2®e agabu A month or tw0 P « came fronxthe malleethat they had been i totally mastered ; now it is whispered, if let alone for j half a year they become dangerous. Of course they will. It is impossible to imagine any cure short of J extermination. Did not the whole plague grow from a : single pair, and while a pair remains will it not grow j sgainr Constant labour will keep it within bounds, but nothing more. And there are danger andj de moralisation attached to that labour : a very evil generation is bred in those rabbit camps — children who had rather tear the skin and entrails from a dead brute than plant or pluck a flower; men tit for nothing but the shambles : and women fit for nothing but to become such men's wives. There are also strange danger.? attached to the pcisoniiig business, and 'tis a marvel that there are not more deaths. An instance may be quoted, not exactly of death, bnt of great danger and much dis tress frpringuig directly from the careless habits which grow with the peculiar work. A youth on a | station was keeping a boundary and poisoning dogs ; I he was beyond the boundary line of the rabbits, and he was accustomed to carry his poison in a bottle in his pocket. Without a thought of possible conse quences. he placed his plug of chewing-tobacco in the same pocket, and as he rode along took now and again a nibble. It came to luncheon time, and, feeling un commonly thirsty, lie dismounted a little before noon and took a long drink at a watfihole, and pulled out his damper and beef. But, having drunk, he was not inclined to eat ; he became faint, dizzy, staggered against a tree, and then fell upon the ground, all his muscles twitching strangely and racking pains along his spine. He writhed in torment for half-an-liour. then found ease, and, making for his horse, rode furiously towards the home station. He did not know what was the matter, but three times on the journey he dismounted and lay writhing as at first, and got into the yard more like a ghost than man ever looked before. What was the matter? He did not know what was the matter. Poisoned? How could he be poisoned ? The only poison he had was safe in the bottle in his pocket. Show the bottle 1 Of course he would, and did ; but, when pulled out, the stopper was loose and several grains were with the tobacco in his pocket. He had chewed strychnine with his tobacco. They dosed him with mustard and water then, and lie did not die ; but the cursed drug hung in his system for years after and brought him down from as stalwart a lad aB ever crossed a horse to half-paralytic suffering creature 30 years older than his age. The tale should convey a caution to those who travel with poison in their pockets. It does not mix well with tobacco, whatever it may do with beer. These are good times for the son of toil who wishes to keep his hands horny. From the Murray to the M'lntyre the cry is ' Send us labour.' Good com fortable quarters and high wages await the men who can handle the axe, pick, or shears. Each month brings its own special want, and that can only be supplied by bone and sinew. In the meanwhile a few thousand miles away farm labourers are toiling for a miserable pittance. Men are grumbling, women and children starving. Would that the mighty marine white elephant, the Great Eastern, could 'for once do good service by being I laced in commission as an emigrant ship. Relief to two sides of the world could thus be afforded. Here, for instance, is a faithful account of the fare offered I to the sugarcane cutters who are now required on the northern coast of this colony. The men aTe foimed into gangs of nine, and each gang have their cook : — 91b. flour, 71b. potatoes, Jib. tea, 2Vlb. sugar, j|lb. salt, lib. oatmeal, and 171b. beef ; extras at cost price. In addition to the above, each gang is sup plied with 71b. raisins, Jib. pepper, and ilb. mustard per week. The hands are engaged on contract at fair rates ; and according to the terms of agreement are to be paid 30s. every month, and the balance at the end of the engagement, when each man who has remained throughout the crush ing will also be entitled to a bonus. Tents, stretchers, drays, and cooking utensils are also provided, and the job is likely to last four or five months. Assuredly such an item as this should be widely published by our immigration agents. Wollongong is fast gaining notoriety of an enviable character. It lias recently been the recipient of Ministerial favours, and now it is able to report a real fire which did a considerable amount of damage. Had the wind been in a certain direction, the entire town would have been destroyed. The Ministerial ovations awakened the residents to a proper sense of their own worth, and the fire brought to light the fact that the only fire-engine of the town has been for 15 years rusting and rotting in a shed, and is now as it has ever been, through the lack of certain re quisites, thoroughly useless. Now, the time has arrived when Wollongong should awake. It will soon have gas and a real railway, and ere these arrive possibly it will have a fire brigade. It is not because a man wears a uniform either civil or military that he is to forget the wholesome maxim, ' Discretion is the better part of valour.' A couple of months ago a madman with a pistol cleared j the guardroom of the Paddington Barracks, and would have held possession for some time if a plucky police sergeant had not seized him before more serious harm was done. More recent is the adventure in Melbourne, where the Italian Consul was routed by a fellow countryman, who, pistol in hand, ensconced himself in the draw ing.room of the Consulate. In this case the police who came did not effect an arrest. They, however, ' apprehended ' danger, and effected a dignified retreat, and, observing this, the irascible Italian made his escape, but was captured later on. It is only another corroborative instance of the truth of Gilbert's song, ' When constabulary duty's to be done for, seriously considered, ' a policeman's life is not a happy one.' I am reminded by a very sensible letter which ap peared in a recent issue of a daily contemporary that there would be less drunkenness if the strong drinks which are sold in this colony were of better quality. It is of little use to close the licensed houses at 11 p.m. if the ' stuff ' dispensed during the day is doctored to &uch; an extent that the drinker is as much injured by one glass of whisky as he would be by a bottle of good alcohol. Many montlis ago I suggested that a certain very simple plan of inspection could effect great good. It was the examination of all spirits on their arrival in port. A skilful expert could easily detect and reject much of the new raw spirit which, under the present system, is allowed to pass into consumption. There is regularly imported bottled liquor of vile quality. There is not a landing waiter or a locker who could not afford valuable testimony in tliis respect. Tlie time has arrived when something should be done to facilitate the passage of moderate sized vessels along the Richmond River. Scarcely a week passes without a report of some shipping mishap on that good broad stream. The entrance is dangerous at the best of times, and recently we have the account of the steamer Triton having grounded on rocks in the South Arm. The Richmond is a river which runs through a district that, during the past three years, has made rapid strides. It is no w a great sugar producer, and it has added large sums to the pUe in the Treasury chest. Our Government must not, in their anxiety to promote settlement by railways, over look- the great water highways of the Northern coast, on the sides of which the proper class of husbandmen are at present working. 