AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA. &G.; The company now playing at tho Theatre Royal will appear on Boxing night at the Prin cess's Theatre in Mr. B. C. Stephenson's play, ' Impulse, which was produced at St. James's Thoatre, Indon, twelve months ago, when it met with a most favorable reception Irapulso is an Anglicised version of a French piece, La Maison du Marc. The first act opens at the country house of Sir Henry Auckland The baronet has two daughters the cider, Mrs. Beresford, is a widow, aud the younger is married to Colonel Macdonnld, who is many years her senior, and who has been on foreign servico for three years, and is dally expected to return to England. Mrs. Macdouald has a lover also, a French man, whom she had jilted when influenced by her fathor and Bister to marry tho elderly colonel. Be Bcil, the Frenchman, nrges her to elope with him. While sho hesitates, a tele gram, announcing her husband's return, is placed in her hand. Dreading to meet him she consents to tho elopement. They arrango thatshoshalldriveoff alono in his carriago, whilo Delicti shall go by train, nnd await her arrival atDodrington. Mrs, Macdonald has scarcely gone when her sister discovers her flight, and sends Captain Crighton, her own lovor, in pareuit, to bring her sister hack beforo tho Colonel's arrival, and beloro li»v father's ro- turn irom naming, xno uoionei arrives, anu impatiently asks for his wife. Mrs. Beres ford is trying to mako excuses for her absence when news comos that her father, Sir Honry, has been thrown from his horse and seriously njnred. Ho asks for his younger daughter, and wishes her sent for at once. A malicious gossip, Miss Kilraflrc, who has scon Mrs. Mao- donald drive off in Do Iloil's carriage, hints at the reason. The furious colonel insists on the truth from Mrs Berosford, and follows tho fugitives instantly. Tho second act is at tho Bell Inn. Captain Crighton, by hartf riding, reaches tho rendezvous beforo Mrs. Macdonald, and, after an amusing scene with Do Ucil, who turns out to bo an old friend of his, manages, by means of a forged telegram, to get him out of the way, when ho rocolvos the lady him self. While ho ia entreatiug her to return to Brakspcor with him Colonel Macdonald entN ftnil fnn « mAlnAnk Kiil iarftll llilli to be his wife's tempter. When Crighton lcavoa them together, tho Colonel upbraids his un happy wifo, and tolls her of hor father's ac cident, and on this account alono invites her to return homo with him to givo up her lovor and remain ' in tho oyea of tho world a respected wife, Three acts ore (lovoted to tho establish- blent of cordial relations botween husband and wife, during which Do Reil continues to perse- 1 rote Mrs. Macdonald, even persuading hor to Prcsont him to her husband under another name, Tho Colonel discovers hie treaohery, rod knowing that his wife's feelings have "changed towards him, ho protocls her hrom the insolence of Do Reil, with whom k® positively declines to fight a duel. Tho musing courtship of Mrs, Beresford by her blundering admirer, Captain Crighton, fur nishes the comic element. , '. The pantomime of Aladdin, or the Won derful Lamp, is to bo produced on Boxing night at the Theatre Royal,- ' There 1b to bo a pantomime Bcason at the : Bijou, commencing on Boxing night. : At tho minor theatres and places of amuse ment special attractions will be provided for Christmas. ' Miss Jenmo Log has not been doing very good business at Adelaide. Reforring to Mr. G. P. Carey, an old Mei bourno favorite with playgoers, a London correspondent writes : — This Australian come dian, who is now performing at tho Grand lheatrc, Islihgton, seems likely to bccomc:as popular at homo as he is in tho colonics He came over hero expecting to have to win his spnrs in tho provinces, hut found his colonial reputation was sufficient to securo him- an engagement at once in a London theatre.- His humor is at presont furnishing relief to the darker shades of a sensational drama, entitled New Babylon, in tho north of .London. Thence lie will go to fill an engagement in Scotland, whore he has to undergo the severe test of performing a Scotch part before a Scotch audience. When ho has passed through this ordeal he hopes to obtain an engagement nt a West End theatre, after which lie will return with the hall mark fresh upon him to Australian shores, to afford " argument for a week, laughter for a mouth, and a good jest for over" to tho3o who have tho good fortune, to witness his inimitable comedy. Several interesting little Bcraps havo been, published from Mr. Wyndham's book of auto graphy. There is tho follqwing extract from a letter by the late E. A. Sothcrn " Dear Wyndham : — ' pink Dominoes ' very droll and a model of construction. Can you spare me a small box for Saturday night? A fellow shouldn't repeat his own wit, but I know you like a good pun. I was at a party at -Payne's the banker, t'other night, and his wife !b cer tainly a superb creature. Mrs. Bancroft, who was there, directed my attention to her and said, 'Isn't sho lovely? She ought to be a countess!' '.Why certainly,' I replied,, 'but as her hubby is a big banker, sho prefers, perhaps, to,, he n dis- countess.?' How is that for Dundreary, and before Bupper, too?" Also, a scntenco by Lord Beaconsfield : " And what a worker is wynunam. ne nos an exceptionally glutton ous appetite for steady toil. . . . I believe in Moliere's maxim that tho 1 best theatrical work is that which pleases the most.' Mon tague Cony laughed like a boy at the ' Pink Dominoes,' and I was a good second. I' went back to the House refreshed, aud indulged ia a late sitting." A New York paper gives a novel account of tho Lingard— Searello imbroglio, Mr. Sear- elle, it is B&id;, made no secret of the fact that hs intended to " go for" hiB quondam friend when they met, and wrote him to that effect. Mr. Searellc came into the Exchange when Lingard happpencd to be there, and invited tho latter to get into his cab and drive with him to his chambers, where the matter could be settled without fear of interference. Lin gard refused to go, nnd Searello went to Gillig (the manager of the Exchange), and re quested the use of a private room. Gillig had none vacant, so they adjourned to tho lavatory at tho top of the honsc. No ono present dreamed of any distur bance, as tho two men were scrupulously polito to' each other, but a minute or two later everybody was electrified by bearing tho voice of William Horace shrieking, " ifurder ! help! He's killing me !" Everybody present rushed np. Gillig tried to get Searello away from Lingard, when ho received from the pngnncioua composer a left-hander that wnrned.him of the danger of interfering. Lingard wanted to givo Searello into custody for assault, and Searelle gccmod nothing loth, remarking that he wouldn't have lost the chance of thrash ing him for £100. The policeman refused to intorferc, ns he had not seen the affair. t i wwlVml nnf. nf thft buildinc?. Searello viiimvn -- - — .- -a - following him to tho street, when Lingard mode tracks with a friond. No ono knows the cause of tho quarrel, Searelle declining to givo any information. Tho following matrimonial advertisement is supposed to havo had some thing directly or indirectly to do with tho affair : " At tho Trinity Church, Gray's Inn Road, London, lltli August, William Need- ham (William Hornco Lingard), actor, to Alien Ann Dunning (Miss Lingard) actress." Mr. LnBComho Searellc is also figuring prominently in another way, by siring tho publishers oi tho Referee for £3000 damages for libel. Tho alleged libel was contained in a paragraph to tho effect that Mr. SearoUo left England owing a great deal of money, and took tho only score of his opera with him, leaving overylody in tho lurch. Tho notice concluded by saying that Mr. Searellc would not dare Bhow his faco In London again. On reading tho notice in Hew xoric iur Searello immediately started for London, put the matter Into tho hands of his attorney, instructing bim to accept no apology, and the present action is the" result. The composer is now in Now York arranging for the produc-. tion of Eslrella. - Concerning Mr. Henty Russell, tho well known composer and singer of his own songs 30 vears ago, a Londou journal says A ghost of the past, Henry Russell, still walks London, now taany people whohavo heard him upwards of a quarter of a century ago singing I Life on the Ocean Wave, and other of hi, own ditties, would supposoho is yet alive .. Rut ho is, and very much so, being ,onoof the heartiest and jollicst companions any, whore to bo mot with. What his ago Is no ono is bold enough to gnesa j but a a ho situ at tho piano and trolla forth some of his old songs, or as ho walks tho street with upright figuro and sprightly. Btep, no Ono would take him for more than 60 at tho most Ho retired from his profession at a moderately early ago, having made a substantial fortune, which he invested with for moro success than professional mon usually do. Since then ho has lived n happy and contented life, residing for a consider able part of tho year at Boulogne, and some times at Ramsgate. He is now content to live in tho growing fame of hia Bon, Clark Russell." The present tours of both Madame Ristori and Siguor Salvini are announced as "fare- i wells;" both artists intending to quit the stage Bhortiy, Tho Lynch Family of Bcllringers when last heard of were at Jubbulpore, Central India. Tho Pollard Juveniles were oxpectod there shortly to commence a season of six weeks Mibs Clara Louise Kellogg, tho well known American opera singer, is engaged to be married to au English gentleman of wealth and position. Miss Kellogg in in hor 39th year, and is worth about 500,000 dollars in her own right. She has been engaged twice before, It is .reported that Mdmc, Nilason gave Irving the following advico The best way to keep on the right side of the American public is to learn, Way Down Upon the Su- wance River. It carried mc through two sea sons, and they are not tired of it yet." It is reported that Fred. Gebhard will have a partnership interest in Mrs, Langtry's Ame rican tour. Mr. Laugtry is said to be living in Wales on a weekly contribution from the Lily of 15 dollars.- Mr. Howard Paul has christened Mr. CharlcB Wyndham "The Electric Light Comedian," an. appellation which will probably Btick to him in tho United Statos Ada Ward is suing her late manager, George Edgar, for broach of contract, claiming 5000 dollars damages. The company " hurst up" at Chicago, and Miss Ward found herself in voluntarily idle 