NEWS OF TIIE DAY. The loss of life occasioned by the capsize of the atoamer Daphne when being launched on the River Clyde tnrna out to be more exten sive than was at first reported. Our London messages this morning state that no less Hum 150 men are known to have been drowned, and the divers who have inspected tho vessel state that tho engine room is literally crammed with dead bodies. The cholera, which has broken out in Kgypt, shows no signs of abatement, in spite of the stringent measures adopted by tho authorities. It is now denied that there is any truth in tbo report as to the plaguo having mode its appearance in Alexandria, Tho in quiry into the circumstances connected with the disaster which recently happened at Sunderland, and which led to tho death of nearly 200 children, has resulted in an open verdict, though tho jury ceusurcd tho caretakers for absenting them selves from the premises while a performnncu was going on. Sir Julius Vogel.in a letter to the imes, suggests that the colonies should subsidise tho Imperial Parliament for tlie pro. teotion afforded by vessels belonging to tlie English navy. Local supporters of tho British capitalist will be disappointed to hear that tile Queens land Government has been defcatod by a largo majority upon the transcontinental railway scheme, by which it was proposed to hand over an immense amount of territory tG syndicate, on condition that the latter should construct tho railway. The proposal was from tho first condemned by The Age. but it received a hearty commendation from tho Conservative organ of Melbourne, with the fatal result which usually follows the espousal of a cause by that journal. The motion was discussed in the Queensland Parliament last night, and at the conclusion of the' debate the bill was re (jectedby 27 votes to/16. Negotiations ars, still pending with a view to altering /he traffiq arrangements existing on the Victorian and' New South Wales railways rf at- the border towns of Wodonga and Albury. Owing to the arrangements of the time tables of each colony, passongcrs either to or from Molbourno and Sydney are greatly inconvenienced in having to wait a considerable time at Albury and Wodonga. Representations have been made to tbo Sydney Government to alter their time table so as to avoid tho inconvenience, but it has deolined to do so, and demands that the Victorian Government shall make the alteration. This, the Railway department con- siders, would disarrango all the North-eastern traffic. The department also consider that as tho New South Wales lino is only a single one, and docs not carry so much trafflo as the Vic torian lines, it would bo less inconvenient for the Sydney Government to make the required alteration in its time tables. The Speaker, accompanied by tho Clerk and clerk-assistant, together with several members of Parliament, attended at Government Honse yesterday at noon, and presented to his Ex cellency the Governor the address in reply agreed to by tho Assembly on Tuesday after noon. His Excellency, having heard tho ad dress read, said, "Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, I thank yon for your address, and for the as surance you give me that the various impor tant measures to be brought under your notice will receive your careful aud serious con sideration." The ceremony ended with his Excellency shaking hands with the Speaker and gentlemen who accompanied him. Wo understand that Mr. Richardson, Mr. Pearson, Mr. Laurens and Mr. Raker are sitting on the Opposition Bide of the House, Bimpiy because it is impossible for them to find seats on the Ministerial side. The Premier has reoeived tho following telegram from Sir Thomas M'llwraith, Premier of the Queensland Government : — "Brisbane, 4tU July. The Government has received with regret a cablegram announcing tlie intention of the British Government to refuse confirmation of our action in annexing New Guinea. The annexation'of the Pacific Islands appeared to ho part of tho same broad question. Uuited action is necessary, and no better opportunity for furthering the cause of federation has yet presented itself. I will address you at length by letter." To this communication Mr. Ser vice replied yesterday, also by telegram, as follows — " I reciprocato regret over the decision of the Imperial Parliament re New Guinea, which doubtless foreshadows the fate of the New Hebrides. Heartily with you as to prompt action, and await your letter with great interest. It is impossible for the mother country long to resist the renewed desire of united Australia." The Treasurer has not as yet been able to fix the date upon which he will make his UBual financial statement to the House ; but ad vantage will be taken of tho earliest oppor tunity to place hon. members in full possession of ull the financial proposals of the Govern ment. The Minister of Education has received a report from the board appointed to inquire into the complaint of insubordination made against Miss M. Cook, State Bchool teacher, of Eaglehawk. Tho finding of tho board is ad verse to Miss Cook, but as the eomplaint is not of a serious character no other punishment hut a reprimand will he imposed upon her. It is not tho intonion of the Chief Secretary to take any action upon the resolution agreed to by Parliament on Wednesday evening, dis- approving of tho notion of tho trustees to the Publio Library in opening the Museum. There is very little doubt, however, that the trustees will of thoir own accord act upon the opinion expressed in the Iloule, and take steps for again closing the Museum on Snudav. The trustees have asked tho Government to rescind the order in Council regulating the opening of the Public Library on Sunday, but this request will not be complied with now, and tho trustees will be notified by tho Ckiof Secretary that tho reason for refus ing it is in consequeuce of the motion agreed to by the House on tho Sunday observ ance question. Tho ceremony of opening the line from Colac to Camperdown will tnko place to-day at the latter place. The residents of Camper- down have made every arrangement to cele- brato the occasion in a befitting manner. Holders of banquet tickets will be allowed to travel free. A special train will leave Geelnug this morning at twenty-five minutes to niue, arriving at . Camperdown at noon. The Minister of Railways, who will be present, will then perform tho opening ceremony, aftor which a banquet will bo held at two p.m. The return special train will leavo at five p.m., arriving at Geelong at twenty minntes past eight p.m. The steamer Williams, which ran on the Lonsdale Reef oil Wednesday, having under- gone temporary repairs, went down tlie Bay yesterday to the assistance of the barque Jules Marie, which still remains hard aground on the shore" near tho No. 5 buoy in tlie south channel. The Steam Navigation Board have granted permission to the Williams to con tinue working for tho present, on condition that as soon as a favorable opportunity offers she shall be thoroughly overhauled und re fitted. Messrs. Gibhs, Bright and. Co. have re. ceived advices from Auckland, stating that when the Orient steamer Austral arrived at that port everything except the rigging was in a very satisfactory condition. The machi nery had worked well, doing 12 knots an hour with a consumption of 45 to 50 tons of coal per day. The press telegrams on the subject were premature, having been sent beforo com munication was held with tlie vessel. A number of friends and supporters of Mr. C. R. Bloclcett, who was a candidate for Far. liamentary honors at the late election, met at the Brunswick Hotel last night, for the purpose of presenting him with a testimony of their esteem in tho shape of a purse of sovereigns. The chair was occupied by Cr. Brooks, J.P., who made the presentation, Mr, Blackett acknowledging in appropriate words what he considered the high compliment paid to him. A meeting of tho Prahran hoard of advice was held last night at tho locnl town hall, Cr. Chapman presiding. It was resolved that a letter should he written to the secretary of the Molbourne School Board, requesting his co operation in carrying out tlie transference to the Prahran district of Mr. Connor's Punt- road school. The chairman stated that the mayor of Prahran, who was a member of the Melbourne School Board, had ex- pressed himself favorable to the change, but that without consulting his colleagues he would not give any decided opinion on tho subject. The question of the erection of a school at Armadale was then discussed. The chairman reported that the board had asked the Prahran council to join them in a deputa tion to the Minister of Education, and the , latter body had resolved to seek the assistance of the members for the district with a view to carrying out this object. Tlie truant inspector ..presented a report recommending about 20 prosecutions for truancy, and this concluded the business of tho evening. The second of Mr. Stephen Thompson's lec- tures on the subject of Egyptian art was delivered last night in the Technological Mu- seum before a very fair audience. On the occasion of the delivery of the first lecture Mr. Thompson was unable to make himself heard over all parts of the room, but last night he handed his manuscript to Professor Strong, who succeodod in making his voice distinctly audible to the whole of those present. The lecture was a very interesting one. The subject was resumed at the second period of the great eighteenth dynasty, and the various characteristics, themes and conven- tions of Egyptian art were passed in re view, numerous illustrative photographs ob tained from the Public Library being handed to the audience as the lecture was proceeded with. The connection between the art of the Egyptians and their religious belief was described and also the numerous personifica tions of divine attributes in their sculptures. The subject of painting was also enlarged upon, and the decoration of the tombs and temples described, whilst the art lavished upon the funeral customs associated with the em- balmed mummies was illustrated in the mag- nificent works of Lepsius, the Egyptologist. The era of the Ptolemies, the decadence and the Roman period were described down to the extinction of all traces of native art in the third century after Christ, and the inlluence of Egypt upon Grecian arts was briefly sum- marised. A lecture, entitled Lights and Shades of Loudon, was delivered at tlie schoolroom of the Albert-street Baptist Church) last evening, by the Rev. J, H. Shallberg. There was a mode, rale attendance, Air. Collins, one of the deacons of tho church, occupying the chair. Tlie leoturer gave a brief description of the various public institutions in the metropolis of the old world, os well as of the various sources of amusement which existed for both young and old. In speaking of the General Post Office he stated that during the year 312,000,000 letters passed through tjie office, besides 123,000,000 post cards, 240,000,000 hook packets and 133,000,000 newspapers, thus giving Eomo idea of tho oxtensivo system of the British postal arrangements. The lecture throughout was interesting, and ap. peared to meet with the approval of tho audi- - cnce. During tlie evening tho choir rendered a selection of sacrod musio very creditably. The farther examination of witnesses In the Carter Insolvency case woe again continued 14 the Insolvency Court yesterday. The ex amination lasted all day, during the whole of which time the insolvent was in the box. It was elicited thot the insolvent had been in tne habit of handing goods over wholesale to the firm of Cook Bros., in Sandridge, for which it appeared ho had received no return. During the examination it was stated by Mr. Phillips that one of tho witnesses, Honry Geo. Cook, who had been summoned to nppear, hnd not Attended the court. Charles Cook, a brother u>f the person referred to, stated that his brother had been called away to Sydney, owing to the serious illncrs of his wife, but would be hack on Monday. Later in the day Mr. Phillips referred to the matter again, and .asked IXhat a warrant Bhould be issued, to be held over until Monday, so that if Cook did not put in an appearance by that time the warrant could he executed. Judge Noel granted the applica tion. Tho special case in the matter of Thomas Church, convicted at the last Central Criminal Sourt of embezzling £1632 15s. 5d., belonging to Mr. James Brown, coal merchant, for whom he acted as agent iu Melbourne, was dealt with lb the Banco Court yesterday. It was con tended for the prisoner at the trial that there was no evidence of embezzlement to go to tho Jnry, as he had charged himself in his accounts with tho money he had taken, and had written (to his employer telling him that he hnd paid the money away, but would refund it. Their Honors, however, held that there was evidence $f embezzlement, and confirmed the convic tion. An action was brought in the County Court yesterday by Richard T. Kings, storekeeper, of Lillydalo, against the Federal Bank, for tho recovery of £40, alleged by the plaintiff to have been deposited at the bank on his behnlf hut not placed to his credit. Mr. M'Derraott appeared for the plaintiff, and -Mr. Hood for the defendants. The plaintiff's caso was that en tho 30th May last year he sent by his son £35 in notc9 to the bank, and on tbe 10th November following paid in tho sum of .£5, and that he had not received aredit for either of these amounts. He produced a duplicate pay-in slip for tho £35 payment, and also his pass book, in whioh Die was credited with a deposit of £5 on the JOth November. Claims for three othor amounts, bringing the total up to £112, were abandoned by the plaintiff. Tho defendants contended as to the £35 that they had never deceived such deposit, hut explained that on flhc date in question King's son went into the hank aud requested tho clerk to tilHn a pay- In slip for £35, which ho did, and King, juu., took possession .of it, but upon the teller counting the money he found it amounted to Only £25, which he placed to plaintiff's credit. As to the £5 item, defendants alleged that plaintiff mado only two deposits in November last, one on tho I3tb and the other on tho ifith, hut that tho date of the first had been wrongly entered in the plaintiff's pass book by the clerk who received the money. Tho jury Yetarned a verdict for the defendants. Mr. Jnstieo Molesworth yesterday granted administration in the estate of the late Geo. Myford, of Carlton, to his widow, Elizabeth Myford. The intestate's sister, a Mrs. Ford, lodged a caveat, and alloged that her late brother had a wife in England when he married here, and that she was alive within three months of his death. Aa the fact of Myford having been previously married had not been proved, and there was distinct proof ef tho marriage of the deceased with his wife Elizabeth, who applied for administration, tho application wns granted. Mrs. Ford had pre viously applied for administration, but her application had been refused, sho having no Ttiaim to administer. The estate is a small One. An appeal against an order for mainten ance, under which a man named .M'Donald Was directed by the Hotham bench to pay 10s. per week towards the support of Mb wife, was beard by Judge Quinlau, at tho General Ses- ifions, yesterday. Mr. Duffy appeared for tho appellant, nnd Mr. Kelleher for the respondent. Tho application for maintenance -was first made to Mr. Coll P.M., at the City Court, Ihut it was dismissed on the grounds that M'Donald was a cripple, and having no pro perty was unablo to contribute towards the support of his wife. Another applica tion was subsequently made to Mr. Panton, P.M., who recommended the defendant to procure a certificate of the dismissal, and re- luscd to make an order against .hint. The case Was thon taken to the Hotliam court, when lite order now appoalod against was made, and M'Donald had been confined in gaol sinco the 7th June last, owing to his failing to obtain a jurcty of £25 for tho fulfilment of the order. Tho evidence heard yesterday was to the effect thot the appellant had no property, and was totally unablo to support his wife. Judgo Quinlau therefore quashed the order, express ing surprise at its ever having been mado by the justices at Hotbam after the caso had beeu tlismissed by the polico magistrates. At tho General Sessions yesterday sentences wero passed upon several prisoners ; Judge Quinlnn and Mr. Akohurat, P.M., presiding. John Robertson, who had pleaded guilty to the shargo of burglary aud larceny, and against whom four previous convictions were recorded, was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment, with hard labor. On a socond charge of steal ing from a dwelling tho same prisoner, who pleaded guilty of receiving, was again sen tenced to sovon years' imprisonment, tho sen tences to be conotirrent. Antonio Bartlemy, convicted of breaking into a dwelling with Helonious intent, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, and John Howell, Hound guilty of burglary, to four yoars' hard fabor. Thomas Ellison, found guilty of fe loniously receiving, and ngninst whom' four previous con viotions wore proved, was sentenced (to fivo years' hard labor, cumulative upon a seutenco whicb he is at present serving. The Melbourno Comedy Club intend giving m grand dramatic entertainment early next (month on behalf- ot the funds of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia. Application Stas been made for the use of the Opera House. The Governor, Mayor, councillors and leading sitizens have given their patronage, and no doubt the public will respond liberally. The ulub has performed soveral times previously iu the city, the last ocoasion being on behalf of the Working Men's College, when a substan tial sum was handed over to the fund. Miss Louise Pomeroy appeared as Hamlet At the Opera House last evening, and the novelty of seeing the character impersonated )>y an actress was sufficiently attractive to ilraw together a numerous audience. Miss Pomeroy's effort is, however, not altogether flew to a Melbourne audience, as site ap peared in tbe same rd/e during a former en gagement. Wo cannot now, any more than when wo first saw her in the part, commend Iter acting in an unqualified manner. That it fvas a meritorious performance must bo ad mitted, but at the same time we muBt also candidly state that in many respects it fell #liort of- a high Btandard of excellence. Tor an aotress to vonturo upon suqji a task displays a laudable ambition, and also great courage, ana it is no faint praise to say that jthe did not completely succeed where so many others have miserably failed. The Audience was a kindly one, and awarded Miss Pomeroy a sympathetic hearing. Mr. Appleton, as Laertes, Mr. W. J. Holloway, as tho Ghost, and Miss Essie tfcnyns, as Ophelia, aided not inconsider ably in strengthening the cast. This evening Miss Pomeroy wiil make her last appearance fin Twolfth Night. A highly successful amateur musical and operatic entertainment was given at the Prahran town hall last night in aid of the Melbourne Hospital and the Servants' Train ing Institution. The main feature of the evening's programme was a performance, under ISignor Zelman's able direotion, of Gilbert and Sullivan's Trial by Jury, which reflected very /great credit on all who took part in it. Tho principal characters were sustained with much spirit by several ladies aud gentlemen well \nown as capable amateurs in musical circles. Miss Godfrey, as the Plaintiff ; Mr. F. R. God frey, Usher ; Dr. O'Hara, Judge ; Mr. W. Williams. Counsel ; and a French gentleman hi the role of the Defendant were one and all (thoroughly a it fait in tho mnsic and dramatic details of their ports, though that of the De fendant was played under tho manifest draw- hack of a language foreign to the player. Dr. D'Hara'a Judge may. with the rile of the plaintiff (Miss Godfrey), be specially praised for fidelity to the author's intention. The jury was well represented, aud the bridesmaids gave every satisfaction. The whole result was really excellent, and a repe- ttition of the same programme, which it is in tended to give this ovening, shonld not fail to draw another such crowded audience as was present last night. The first part of the eu- uertainment was devoted to a miscellaneous (election of vocal and instrumental pieceB, in which. Signor Zelman, with a quintette, (pssisted, Mr. F. E. Beaver, M.L.C., Is advertised to deliver a Ycctureun Australian Exploration at the Wesley Church JUutu-.- Improvement Association to-night. A public temperanco in Celine wtll ho held this evening In the Wesleyan schoolroom, at the corner of Howard and Quecnsbcrry streets, Hotham. - Tho speakers will ha Dr. Hose, U.L.A., and the Revs. J. While and H. Howard. Several songs and recitations will also bo given. A public meeting tor tho advocacy p| the principles >( total abstlnenco will ha hald this evening in the Manchester Unity Hell, Junction, St. KUdi, when addresses will be delivered by Messis. M. Millar, Jus. MUlwood ond J. c. Jones. Thr chair wffi be occupied byUr.Oonnebero. 