LAW AND CRIMINAL COUBTS. SOPEEME COURT.-CRIOTNAL SITTINGS. TCE9DAY. June 19. Before His Honor Mr. Jnatice Boncaut and Juries.] The Crown Solicitor (Hon. C. Mann, Q.C.) prose cuted. BTJRFOaD'S CASE. mr. mann saia x iiave ligiuu iai luuk« my applica tion in the case of the Qneen v. Burford t? enter a f erdict of guilty. His Honor— I have thought over what took place yesterday, and I will hear your objections ; but I won't have the matter aigned now. Mr. Symon— I only meant to trouble ypur Honor as to the form in which the matter might subse quently be brought on for argument. It seems to me that the best thing tbat can be done is for your Honor to direct a verdict as your Honor may think St on the special finding, and then reserve the case for the opinion of the Supreme Court, and reserve judgment or respite the sentence until the case is determined. . His Honor— Of course by entering up Judgment I shall not pass sentence. Mr. Symon— That was how the matter was dealt within the case mentioned by Mr. Mann yesterday. But I -have a later case than that — The Queen v, Berry (1Q-B. Div. 447). His Honor— Was thai a case of felony ? Mr. Symon— Yes. His Honor— In the case of a felony the verdict would have to be received unless the error appeared on the record. I shall decide the case at once, but then there is the other point as to the Sewers Act, and if you are right in that of course the verdict will not stand, and the defendants would have to go free; but if, on the other branch of the case, I was to find the verdict equal to nothing there would have to be a new trial. It would not be fair to the Crown that I should put you in any better position by reserving a case than if you were allowed to take your own course and move. I should reserve the case some what in this shape— that the conviction shall be quashed if you are right in your interpretation of the Sewers Act, and that there shall be a new trial if you are right in the interpretation of the verdict of the Jury. Mr. Symon— We shall contend tbat the verdict is one of not guilty, and it is not necessary that it should be put in that way in the case. I would direct your Honor's attention to Archibold's Practice, 177 and 178, Verdict and Judgment, where it is stated that the Jury have a right in ail criminal cases to find a special verdict, and it goes on to say — ' Where a verdict is so im perfect that no judgment can be given upon it a veriirf de now may in misdemeanours be awarded, and also, notwithstanding previous doubts, upon the subject in cases of felony. His Honor— The verdict is open to three con structions clearly. First, it 13 a verdict of guilty ; secondly, not guilty; and thirdly, tbat it is so imperfect that a new trial must take place; and I mean to resetve the case so that the Court may deal with it as it is advised. They need not quash the verdict, but may send the case down for new trial. I think this is a verdict of guilty, and I shall direct the Associate to mako the following entry :— ' Thereupon, after hearing counsel, His Honor directs a verdict of guilty, and promises to reserve a case on the point of entry of verdict, and also on the point raised by Mr. Bundey on the Sewers Act, but so that the Court is to have liberty to enter a verdict of not guilty or to send the case for a new trial as it thinks necessary.' The defendants were bonnd orer in their own recognizances of £50 each to appear when called on. Frederick Harvie Linhlakr, barrister, was charged with having written and caused to be published a libellous article in tho Oawler Bunyip of March 23 last, having reference to Mosa Sanrnel Solomon, a member of the Volunteer Force. Tho article was headed ' Town Talk, by Pelts,' and was as follow3 : — ' Some considerable time. 3go, not in the days when piratical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Koyal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring but tight-flsted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of ' sheeing shometings for nodings, ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger-nails, obtained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonal 's stabling, from ?which vantage ground he bad an uninterrupted view of the undraped window of the room wherein certain undraped yonng ladies were in the habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did fie gaze on the pictnre which met his sight, until, in an illstarred moment a brother tomcat uplifted his voice In a minor key at his elbow? The sound attracted tbe atten tion of a more than usually undiaped njmph, and a terrific scream announced to the hopeless intrnder that his dazzling shirt front and glittering diamond studs had been 'spotted.' Vainly he strove to make his way to terra firma I Unnerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from wnich perilous position he was re*cned by the stage manager and property nriii. But his troubles had only begun. The enra?«d OitUiaa claimed their victim, and had hiic to*' ! They took him to their dreselra-rt/'.ofi, and having plenti fully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their rwidj- powder putEs, and when that unnapi--' *&})&& arrived at the paternal mansion the old man raised his eyes and his hands and exclaimed, ' Holy Mosea I ish dat a ghost or a rolling-pin.1 . . . Now, you would hiirdly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to tho rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentleman. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for.' This bavinc been read, The defendant pleaded that he was not guilty ; that Moss Samuel Solomon was and had been for a long time and still is a non- commissioned officer of the V.M.F., and had applied for promotion ; that the matters in the alleged libel were true in sub stance and /n fact ; and that the said M. S. Solomon did indecently attempt to look upon certain females while more or less unclothed, and in the act of dressing themselves, and was treated as in the alleged libel described. Defendant further said that at and before publish. ing_ be was and had for a long time been a public writer in the public press of the province, and it became and was his duty as such public writer, and it was for tbe public benefit, that the matters charged in the alleged libel should be published, for the purpose of affording information to the public on mattera of a public nature affecting the good repute, efficiency, and respect amongst their fellow colonists of the members and officers of .the V.M.F., and for the furtherance and advocacy of public morality and decency ; and in accordance with the premises the defendant so wrote and published the alleged libel for the public benefit, and without malice ; and on thosepleasheprayed to be dismissed and discharged. Mr. Smith appeared, with Mr. Mathews, for the defence. The counsel for the defendant intimated that the pleas had been filed, and amounted to justification and not guilty. Witnesses were ordered out of Court. The Crown Solicitor, in opening the case, related the circumstances of Solomon having gone up for a commission, and remarked that it was apparent that the statements contained in the written matter, divested of the inuendoes con tained therein, amounted to a reflection upon the character of the prosecutor. He read the law of libel and the penalties thereto attached for breach. Defendant had pleaded 'the truth,' and therefore the identity of the prosecutor with the person referred to in the article would not be denied. He read the paragraph complained of. and said that if the paragraph was not calculated to hold a person up to ridicule and con tempt he did not know what was. For any one to have such disgusting tastes and ideas as to climb up to see women in a state of semi- nudity was contemptible and caddish. A man who could do that would be a contemptible cur and a cad, and not fit to associate with honest men, or to hold a commission in H.M. Volunteers. The writing was of a kind known as semi- humorous, but, unfortunately, a great deal of latitude was allowed to writers of that kind of matter now-a-days. It was a .serious thing to come and say that such a thing was true in substance and in fact. It was a serious thing to undertake to justify it. Michael John Staoleton, bootmaker, Gawler, was the first witness called for the Crown, and gave evidence as to the purchase of a Bunyip containing tbe libel, and sending it to M. J. Solomon, at his request. WnL Barnet, printer, editor, and proprietor of the Eunyip, said defendant wrote the article. By Mr. Smith— Had considerable experience as a newspapei man. Mr. Smith was abemt to ask whether witness, as an editor, would not consider it a fair thing tc comment upon the matter referred to ; but the Judge asked what that had to do with the case. Mr. Smith— He is an expert. But the thing is sc patent. The Judge— Yes, it is patent E. J. Cox, solicitor, produced the following lettei from defendant :—' Messrs. Wadey & fox. Daai Sirs— In answer to your letter of to-day, I beg leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnett to give up the name of his correspondent. The condition inserted in mj letter was no more than the one implied in your owe of 27th, viz., that if Mr. Barnett disclosed the name of his correspondent he would be freed from the proceedings which yon threatened in case he did not do so. My embodiment of thai condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repetition, and as Mr. Barnett's attornej complied with your original request, for which com Dliance you extended the time in your interview with me and Mr. Mathews, I now therefore an nounce to you that the Town Correspondent of the Bunyip, who writes under the name of Pelts, ana ?who wrote the article of the 23rd March, was myself and I beg leave to add that an account of the occur rtnee in the rear of the Theatre was published ii tbe Bulletin some two yean ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire also to add that I. myself witnessed the whole affair, including the punish ment inflicted by the ladies, and was an amused spectator of the ghostly result If your client, animated after two years by a sudden access of self respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed, I shall have no hesitation in proving the above farts, and that your client has admitted them ; and I have no hesi tation in saying, from my knowledge of the army and the volunteers (in a distinguished corps of which I have served), that it was a matter of the highest Importance to the force, and to the public, that respectable citizens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in the field without the force and the public being both made well aware of it. Yours, -£c— Fred. Haevie Linklater.' Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, cave evi dence as to his position in B Battery of Artillery, the application of the paragraph to him, and that the statements therein contained were wholly un true. By Mr. Smith — Was first told of the exis tence of the article by Major Solomon. Had been spoken to about it There was no chaff about it: Was joked about something similar— referring to what appeared in the Bulletin. A point was here raised as to whether Mr. Smith could put the Bulletin in. Mr. Smith sought to have it read, but tbe Judge said if he could show that the Twoswntor accepted the article in the Bulletin, then the paper could be put in. Prosecutor said he did not regard tbe article as meant for him. Prosecutor said Ser geant Llilywhite chaffed him about the affair. Complained of it, as the chaff got too much to be agreeable. Mr. Smith— Were you in Lillywhite.s presence joked about looking at girls dressing, and being powdered and punished ? Witness— I was. I did not do anything to justify a brother officer saying I gloried in it. Received a letter from the Lieutenant-Colonel to the effect that I could not be made a commissioned officer unless I cleared myself of the imputation. Was not on the roof on the night in question. Never went further than the stage door. Have been near the stables. Never told any one that I bad been on the roof. Have said that I knew some of the ' sis officers.' Never boasted o£ improper intimacy with them. Remember Lena Carey, but cannot remember ever having boasted of improper intimacy with her. The Crown Solicitor objected to the turn the cross examination was taking. TAr. Smith said— I am going to show that this young man is not worthy of credit. The Crown Solictor— Is it material to know of the amours of this young man supposing be has any t It is not material to the issue. Mr. Smith— If I show that a man who boasted of these things is unworthy of credit. His Honor— I will not allow yon to call a witness to sav that be did boast of these things. Mr. Smith— In order to show that he Accepted the accusation and boasted of it ? - Hia Honor— If you put it in that way ; but you did not Witness— I never boasted of being on the roof and recognising the young ladies. I do not think this led to my being called ' The B Battery Ram.' Many of my brother officers have nicknames also. I never boasted of anything further than knowing the girls. The chaffing was continuous down to the present proceedings. If several of my brother officers say I gloried in it, and did not deny it, they speak untruths. Got Mrs. Ford to write aletterafter the article in the Bunyip. Said some/me else was on tbe roof, and from the description and the direction in which he lived that it was a person named Isaacs. Suggested the name of Isaacs to Mrs. Ford. There were two brothers, and this was the elder. First thought it might be Isaacs after the article in the Bunyip. His Honor — Were you ever on the roof of the Theatre Royal under any circumstances, looking at ladies dressing ? Witness (emphatically) — No ; never. Major Francis Downes, R.A., ColonelComman dant of the S.A. Forces, deposed to prosecutor going np for and passing an examination, Irat that he was not recommended for a commission. Saw the article in the Bunyip, and had not the slightest doubt that it referred to Sergeant Solomon. Cut the article ont. and sent it to Lieutenant Colonel Mathews. intimating that .unless there was public contradiction he could not recommend Ser geant Solomon for a commission. I heard of the matter previously privately, but from a member of tbe force. Major Solomon, of B Battery, deposed that the article referred to Sergeant Solomon. Had not, before he saw the article, heard of the matter re ferring to Sergeant Solomon. Something appeared in the Bulletin. G. Cahiil, the stage carpenter, deposed that the ' man on the roof was given into his charge by Mr. McDonald's ostler, and he handed him over to Mr. Wallace. Could not say that prosecutor (as he now appeared) was the man. Did not believe he was. He might have been disguised. The man had hair oa bis face. Had seen Solomon before, but did not think he was the man ; tbe man limped. Prosecutor, recalled, said he had shaved his whiskers more than once. Sophia Ford, one of the members of the Tambour Major Troupe, said she was present during the operation of whitewashing, but prosecutor was not the victim. Bv Mr. Smith— Saw the man broucht down ; it was quite light. The people were all crowding round him. 1 saw who it was, and thought his name was Isaacs — the son of Mr. Isaacs, who kept a clothing shop in Hindley-street. The name was in every ono s mouth. Would swear that the man who was white washed was the man they called Isaacs. Had seen him standing outside the stage-door, and outside the shop. H. R. Peachey, stage waiter, said the man was whitewashed in the passage of the Theatre. Prose cutor was not the man. Assisted in the 'white- washing,' which was done as the man was running away — like 'running the gauntlet.' Witness was closely cross-examined by Mr. Smith as to his know ledge of prosecutor's personal appearance, but could not speak positively as to the way he wore his hair. T. H. C. D. Stockley, supermaster at the Royal, detailed the circumstances of the ordeal at which he assisted. Tbe man was much stouter than pro secutor, with fair side whiskers and moustache. Prosecutor was certainly not the man. In answer to Mr. Smith, the witness said the man had an over coat on. Ihe occurrence was near the end of the second act. The wife of last witness was called, and said the prosecutor wa3 not the man. She was not very close to him during tbe powdering. The man was short, stout, with fat features and slightly bow- legged, with red whiskers. Annie Smith, one of the company, said the man was like a Jew, with dark hair. (Isaacs was here called in, but witness said he was not tbe man.) This closed the case for tho Crown. Mr. Smith, in opening, pointed out 'that the fact of the paragraph being jocular did not make it any the less a proper and lawful weapon Jor putting down evil tendencies and protecting the interests of morality and decency. He quoted tbe remarks of a learned Judge on the subject to the effect that ridicule was often the strongest of. weapons in the hands of the public writer if it be used fairly. He maintained tbat ridicule was used fairly in this case. He was prepared to show by evidence that tho prosecutor had accepted the chaffing of his brother officers on the subject of the Theatre episode, and It did not lie in his mouth to deny it He could show that in effect he admitted tat he was tbe man. F. H. Linklater was then called. He said I am the defendant in this case, and I am the writer of the article referred to. Mr. Smith— Will you tell the Jury on what authority you wrote it? Mr. Mann— Tbat is not a proper question. Mr. Smith Is the article true ? Mr. Mann— Neither Is that a proper question. Witness continued — I was at the Theatre on the night in question outside the stage door. I was then Manager and Editor of the Bulletin. I saw the prosecutor there. In con sequence of a call I heard I went towards the door. Some man was brought out by another and taken close by me. That man was the prosecutor. He was taken in through the stage-door. I followed, and then went inside the stage-door and stopped at the stage-stairs. There was a noise, and the man came past me with white powdsr over him. He passed close by, in a passage three or four feet wide. I was there in my business capacity as Editor of the Bulletin, and I made a reference to these proceed ings in an article in the Bulletin. Have seen Solomon frequently since. The man I saw dragged in and the man who was covered with powder I swear was the prosecutor. I had not the slighpst ill-feeling against the prosecutor at the time I wrote the article. I knew he was applying for a public position. Cross - examined by 'Mr. Mann — Difl not know him before this night Saw him after wards in Raphael's office about sis weeks after the occurrence. I saw him there on business. Used to see him frequently after this. Made his personal acquaintance when I backed a bill for a friend. Have only had business relations with Solomon. I never saw him In my honse. Backing the bill re sulted in my having that to pay and in my furniture being seized. I don't know whether Solomon bad charge of the seizure. When Solomon came out of the Theatre covered with powder, I don't know who had him in charge. Solomon was dressed in dark clothes. I am not sure whether he had an overcoat on or not. He had whiskers on the side of his face. Before writing the article I had conversation with Lieutenant Smith. He said Solomon wai the man, but did not say who told him. The Bulletin did not go defunct under my management The feature of the_ paper was not libelling people. I was waiting in the Theatre yard for Mr. Roach, who was then behind the scenes. I had the entres behind also. There was a light in the yard, but I could not say what sort of a light it was. I had been waiting about for half an hour. I am correspondent for the English Era. My acquain tance with theatricals is extensive. I know most of the stars that come here. I did not know the ballet girls. I knew Kale was there when it occurred, but I did not ask him whether Solomon was there. NeveT asked Solomon whether be was the mas because I knew it already. Can't mention the name of one single person who told me he saw him there. George William Stacy, ex-sergeant of the Volunteer Force— Knew the prosecutor two yean ago. Had been present when the prose cntor had been chaffed about the article. Mr, Smith— What was said? Mr. Mann— I object His Honor— That is not a proper question. This is nol a matter in which all gossip of the JlistricCcan b- evidence. Mr. Smith then proposed to ask the witnes; whether he had not heard the prosecutor admit thai he was the man referred to. Mr. Mann objected on the gronnds tbat the pro3e cntor had not been previously cross-examined as t- this, and that such evidence was only adinissable ii cross-examination. Hi3 Honor disallowed the question, and note/} Mr Smith's objection. S, H. Isaac? deposed that on May M. two years ago his son was in the shop all night, and on May 14 hi was out of the colony. His other son wa3 not Ii years old then. His son limped, but he could nol t&y; whether it wa» two years ago or not. Frederick Harvie Linklater, the defendant, wa; placed in the bos and examined as to the date of th- alleged occurrence. Mr. Mann— Did you ever write to Mr. Barnet' about this matter? Witness— Ye.s. Mr. Mann— Did you write this?— '30th March '83. Dear B.— Couldn't catch post, but copy wa! all right, or should have wired you. Don't funk oi the matter ! I have played a trump card and re tained Colonel Matthews. Thine, Fred. H. L P.S. — Come down if possible ; don't think the; mean fighting.' (Laughter.) Witness— 1 e3 I did. Had received four distinc requests to apologize, bnt had refnsed them. George Isaacs positively denied ever havini climbed the roof of the Theatre Royal to look a females dressing. Witness was examined as to hi habits, and was asked if he ever wore whiskers Mr. Smith— Do you shave? Witness— Sometime1 I try to. (laughter.) Mr. Smith— Do you ever wea sideboards? Witness — Sometimes; I shave whei there is anything to shave. Mr. Smith (astonished —Why, the boy has not a sign ! (Laughter.) Mr Mann— It is giving to hairy nothings a local habi tation and a name. (Laughter). This closed the defendant's case. Mr. Smith addressed tho Jury, and urged tha thero never was tbe alighteet illwill or spite existini between the defendant and the prosecutor, but he had seen him on the night in question sufficiently near to recognise him again weeks afterwards. De fendant knew him to be the man, and then found out that it was a matter of public comment among his brother officers. There was no need of enquiry ; it was a matter of barrack-room chaff, and the prosecutor allowed it to pass as chaff. Matters of this kind were left by more . staid papers, such as the Times, the Regittert and other journals of high standing to the satirical publica tions, and it was notorious that the London Punch, Puck, and other such journals did a great deal of good to society by their sarcasms and their ridicule directed at men and manners with a view_to putting down objectionable practices. After reviewing the evidence, Mr. Smith dwelt upon tho personal know ledge the defendant appeared to have of the occur rence upon which the alleged libel was written. He submitted that after they had heard the positive testimony of the defendants Mr. Mann then pointed out to the Jury that Linklater might have been mistaken, as also might be tbe witnesses for the Crown ; but tho prosecutor could not be mistaken, and if the Jury found a verdict of not guilty it would be equivalent to saying that Mr. Solomon was guilty of rtos3 perjury. His Honor in summing np said-^Gentlemen of the Jury— This i3 a prosecution forlibeL Fortunately my task here is much lighter than it has been in many of the other libel case3 1 have had to preside over. Without going into an exhaustive description of the libel law I may tell yon that anything written to injure a man or to defame him, or to make him appear ridiculous, 13 libellous. Therefore this article is libellous, because it contains statements which are calculated to injure, and the learned counsel for the defendant has not attempted to con test that it is not so. I tell you that in my opinion it is a libel, and it is unwarranted unless it is true. The learned counsel for the defendant has put it to you that the whole matter is for you, and that you may find a verdict of not guilty, and he has also told you that If you believe Solomon was not in tho Theatre even then you may find a verdict of not guilty. Now, I hardly think he meant that, because if you believe that it is untrue that he was in the Theatre then that constitutes the libeL There has been no argument addressed to me, as Is generally tha case with^newspaper libels, as to the privilege of a public writer. It sometimes becomes the duty of a Judge to rule that a libel is privileged, but that is not done where malice has been proved. Neither is that the case here. It is a case of truth or not truth. Sometimes if an article is based on truth then some little departure from the facts is warranted. Here also Is there nothing of that sort. Thi3, as has been pointed out to you, is a case of extreme importance to Mr. Linklater, but it is at least equally a3 important to Solomon that he should not be blamed by a Jury and go forth to the world as a disgrace to the cloth he wears. In one aspect it might be better that Mr. Linklater might not go free, because some people think it advantageous to be made martyrs of. However, wactuer ouiuui^u ur imijuai/er ia but; more injured is not the question. The question Is, was Solomon the yonng man who was in the Theatre ? You see there were a great number of witnesses to this incident, and Solomon swears he was not there, and that is a matter which you can't Bhut out, because if he is the man, and he swears he is not, he is rendering himself liable to an immediate prosecution for perjury, either at the suit of the Crown or of any one else, and his guilt would be proved by calling all these persons who say he was the man. Solomon comes here under a certain risk, and it is the duty of the Jury to weigh that ; and under such circumstances the Crown would be neglecting its duty if it did not bring him up before Mr. Beddome on the nest day. I have mentioned this to you, because if Mr. Lmklater's counsel had chosen he might have conducted this case in another ?^ay—py saying that they were mistaken, or that there was a doubt upon the subject. They have not, however, rested their defence on anything of that kind, and they have taken upon themselves the responsibility of showing that Solomon was this disgraceful young man. Seven witnesses have been called who all say that he was not the man, and on that Mr. Smith says they must be mistaken. Certainly these witnesses may have been mistaken, but Solomon could not be, and if he is not telling the truth he i3 a periurer. But were they mis taken 1 Mr. Mann answers that by saying that if his witnesses, who were all in and about the Theatre, were liable to be mistaken, how much the more was it probable that the defendant was mis taken ? and before you brand this young man with this disgraceful conduct he is entitled to ask you to consider well this point. Is Solomon a perjurer, and are these witnesses utterly or extra ordinarily mistaken? It is aa open for yon to find a verdict for the defendant as it is for you to- convict him, and I so leave it to yon. ThenJ Mr. Linklater says he wrote it because he con sidered it his duty in tbe interests of the public and 33 a public writer to write it On tbe question of duty, it is not his duty to write an untruth. There would be no duty on the part of either the Register or the Advertiser to write such a thing falsely ; but, on the contrary, there is a duty thrown npon a respectable paper whan writing upon a matteT to make such enquiries as may be necessary to see whether there is any truth in the assertions they Bre about to make, and when they have done that— after taking these precautions— they are in a great measure justified. A man is not to write a thinE and then assume that he is justified in bis action because he thinks it is necessary that such matter should be exposed. Subject to certain limitations, however, a newspaper writer may assume so— namely, that when writing upon public men in their public capacity and on their public acts, or upon the administration of a Court of Justice, they may assume that these are matters which they are justified in commenting upon, no matter how severe their comment may be. Newspaper writers must not write that which is false, but they must write what is the truth. Mr. Smith says that a business paper like the Register won't put in these sort of things, and therefore they must go to society papers to do it. but I tell you they have no more right to do it than the Register or Advertiser have. Mr. Smith— What I said was that business papers like the Register won't do the sarcastic touch like Punch and the Figaro do. His Honor— Mr. Smith alludes to Punch, and I don't know whether I am doing wrong here when I refer to it, but it is a matter of frequent comment by Jndge3 that during the whole number of years the English Punch has been written, with all its jokes and cartoons, there has never appeared in it anything . tbat would leave a sting behind. I should have expected a disclaimer from Mr. Smith of his approving of Society papers— pest3 to society, as undoubtedly they are. You see in these papers as I baye seen in the Mel bourne Bulletin something like this : — ' If A of Ballarat does not mind I shall relate next week all his little doings with the girl behind tbe porch.' Bnt these things are different f Tom a clear criticism on the acts of a public man. Men who go into public life must be prepared to submit to comment, no matter hpw severe, from those who do not agree with their views upon public matters, and where this is done express malice must be strictly proved, bnt no proof 01 that is re quired here ; and even if malice had to be proved. I think there is abundant evidence of it because the defendant had an opportunity of apologizing and he did not, and he had an opportunity of enquiring into the truth of what he wrote and he neglected to do so. What you have to be satisfied with on the plea of justification is that Solomon was the man who was on the roof of this stable, and that he was the man who was properly enough (although unlawfully) so powdered ; and then you have to find that it was for the public good and benefit that this writing should be put in the paper. When Mr. Smith opened his case I said that the article would be justifiable if it were true, but on further consider ing the matter I thought I put it somewhat too favourably to Mr. Smith's client. I should say that it was justifiable if it were done yesterday, but I do not intend to direct you on this. If it were so written in a respectable paper like the Register, then you might ccme to the conclusion that it was discussed for the public benefit, and you might so judge of it ; but this paper does not seem to be so conducted. If it were in the Register it would be open for you to consider . whether it was for the public benefit, and so apply your verdict. It is two years ago since this article was written, and thfi Statute which allows thi3 plea to be put on the record enacts that it must not only be proved that the words of the libel are true but also that they were written for the public benefit. Now, is this for the public beneSt, even if it is true ? There are very few men living, from tbe Archibishop of Canterbury down to the Messenger of this Court, who would be able to live happily if they were to be rippsd up for acts done years before, and after a number of years has elapsed the law says that the matter is not then one for the public benefit. Mr. Smith— The evidence for tbe Crown was that he allowed himself to be joked at for two years. Bis Honor— I take a different view to that put by Mr. Smith ; but I do not wish to put the cast' un favourably to the defendant. His Honor then commented at some length on tlio evidence given by various witnesses, after which he said— If you find this is true and waa written for the public benefit then Mr. Linklater must be acquitted, and if not for a public benefit (and the time that a man's character may be ripped up is entirely a matter for you) then you will nnd him guilty. The Jury, after deliberating for hall an hour, found the defendant guilty. Mr. Linklater was then asked in the usual way whether be had anything to say why sentence should not be passed. Mr. Linklater-No. Mr. Mann— I have been requested by the prose cutor to say that in the event of a verdict of guilty be desires, so far as the law allows him, that the de fendant shall publish an ample apology and that the sentence may be made as light as possible. His Honor— I do not know, Mr. Linklater, whether I am authorized to make a bargain, but I will ask you whether you feel satisfied that yon were wrong, and whether you will publish an apology in the paper? Mr. Linklater— I feel, after the verdict of the Jury, that I must hav e been mistaken. I will agree tojonblish an apology. His Honor— 5 am glad to hear you say so. I should not have been justified Iu taking this course except at the instigation of the Crown. Otherwise, I should have been bonnd, althongh with great pain to myself, to have imprisoned you, but after what has fallen from the Crown Prosecutor I will save you from the indignity of such, which you deserve, becanse this is undoubtedly a . crimi nal libel. You might have ruined thisp young man for life. You knew lots of people whe could have told you the troth, and you ought tn have taken steps to have known that it was. true before you wrote it. It is charged in the. Intuvma/ tion that you knowingly did it, bat I don't thinfc that You will be fined &W;, His Honor then left the Bench, and the Gaolei (Mr. Howell) askedfor the amount of the fine, which was not forthcoming. Mr. Howell then said thai he TOaM have to take tha defendant to the gaol Mr. Linklater add His Honor had not ordered im prisonment in default of payment. His Honor then re-entered the Court, ana after some discussion as to the sentence having been recorded he said thai he did not feel justified at that stage in adding to it. THE COXVEST KOBBEEY. Mr. Mann said the man Cousens, who was a material witness in this case, had not yet b«en found, and he would therefore ask that tho case against Faulds might be made a remanet for next Court. It would be unfair for the prisoner to be kept in gaol, and he would ask that he be liberated on his own bail. Mr. Symon, Q.C., for the prisoner, said that this was a serious case for his client. There was no! a tittle of evidence against him, and the Crown wen relying upon a statement made by this mai Cousens, who was an old convict, and who was awaiting his trial at the present sittings undei another charge. Confers bad not long aso beer sentenced to ten years' imprisonment with hard labour, and if this was all the evidehco they had tc rely on it was not worth much. His Honor— I have_ the oath of a practitioner 0: this Court that bo is a material and necessary witness. Mr. Symon— But there is no suggestion tha they will be able to find him, and if there wai any evidence except his the Crown would not bi willing to allow the prisoner out on his own bail. I would be WTorg of them to do so. Bes'des, theonl: evidroce he can give is an admission made b; Fluids wfcibt he was in gaol with Couseas. His Honor said he did not think be ought to post* pone the case for that. Be would suggest tbat unless the Crown Prosecutor thought it absolutely necessary that the case should be made a remanet a nolle prosequi should be entered. Mr. Mann acceded to this view, and the prisoner was discharged. The Court then adjourned sine die. 