THE HOLT HOUSE OF LOEETTO. . On the slope of the eastern Apennines, where, the, mountains jut: ouff towards Ahcoha— in the . -northern f part . of . the Papal , 8tates-r-, there stands;- within :about , two miles of the sea, the little city of Loretto. Its - situation' 'is --' singularly beautiful; The city is built' on" the brow of a- hill which overlooks the blue waters of the Adriatic, studded with, many, a white sail. , The view. to. the.; west, is bounded, by the ranges of the Apennines, whose bare slopes -are; covered;- towards the 'base,, with olive;; and chesnuff -trees, . andu other; rich vegetable productions. The 'fertile valley of the- Musone runs along the foot of these hills j while scat-, tered oyer,. the plain are . the remains of ' the pine forest which once extended for miles along the coast — , " Ravenna's immemorial-wood, - Booted .where once the Adrian wave flowed o'er," the scene of . many an old; Italian legend. It . is, not,; however,' the beauty of the landscape, or the interest attached to poetic fiction; that, for ' many centuries, has drawn to Loretto the steps of un numbered, pilgrims from all parts of the world, and has gained for it the fame of the wealthiest and most frequeuted; sanc tuary, in .Christendom. > Its attraction is of a very difforentkind. The , Chiern delict Santa Casa, or Church of the Holy House, which crowns the summit of the hill on' which the city is built/ contains beneath its dome a building. which; if the legend be true, no Christian can look upon without the, deepest emotion./ This building is said to be the very identical house in which the. Angel Gabriel an nounced to the Virgin' Mary the Incarna tion of our Blessed Lord. If the story of the Santa Casa of Loretto were one of the many legends once circulated in the Roman : Catholic Church, which rested only on the au thority of some obscure monk of the middle ages, but which have long lost all claim to popular belief, we should deem it a superfluous task to expose its weak ness and improbability ; but the supposed miracle of, /Loretto stands upon very different grounds. The crowd of devotees who, to this day, -freqiient the shrine,' of the Santa Casa, prove how generally believed is the story of its Eastern origin. Its genuineness and sacredness have been affirmed by a long succession of Pontiffs, from Bonilaco VITI. downwards. If ever, the infallibility of the Boman Catholic Church was committed to the support of an ecclesiastical miracle, it is that of Lpretto. . Pius IX. refers to it in his ! Bull- on the Immaculate Conception;;) and, asK-wev. shall presently . see,; even h Dr. 'MacHale, in a Lenten pastoral to the' people of Tuam, distinctly affirmed" the truth of the miracle. , r V 1 i In the- first place, we, desire to remind our readers that a miracle is a fact, which, like other facts, must be-, proved;, by ,, the. testimony of other witnesses. tWhehour Blessed Lord, for example, raised .Lazarus< from the. dead, a crowd- of spectalors were present who could judge, "by the evidence of . their senses/ /whether the miracle really took place. The testimony of one or more such witnesses, recorded; either by. themselves, or by trustworthy-authors,, i became anr.evidence to subsequent ages; of the trutluoftthe event;" butiin no: case' i are iwe bound' to believe' in 'the reality of any 'historical fact ornarrative,- much less in- the -truth "of any miraculous event, unless it comes to us attested byevidencei which, on the face of it, bears, plain marks, of, credibility. ...This.-/ principle? is so .obviously , .just,,?. that i:, Roman,) -Catholic writers, .-who .have defended' the' truth of the story; of (the "Santa' Casa,1 have en- ' deavoured>'to obtain as" much historical 'evidence in- support: of it" as they could collect.' ' . It was felt., that the mere asser tion of the, truth of.the miracle bv one. or more .Popes could not establishrth'e. reality of a fact, supposed tohave happened cen turies, .before their time, und ; of which < they ; could,' -therefore; have"had< no per- sonal i knowledge. What -the' value - of the historical 'evidence for1 the truth of the-miracle of Loretto . is, we shall, now proceed to inquire but, for. the sake/of . persons not deeply versed, in. ecclesiastical antiquities, we shall, commence iby? giving : a brief accountofithe miracle itself, .taken from, the best -Roman Gatholic sources.- ; ii Those off our > readers who are familiar with the Gospel narrativej'will remember : that the 'Annunciation to the /Blessed Virgin of the Incarnation, of our Lord . took place at Nazareth; a. town -which still exists, and may be visited.byany traveller in,.the;Holy Land.,) " In«the.sixth month," writes St. (Luke (i. '26), "the Angel , Gabriel was sent "from God' 'unto a city : of Galilee, 'named Nazareth." Supposing," as is not improbable,, that the angelic -salutation took place in the house which Mary then inhabited (although. upon this point St. Luke is, silent), the question is, how has thisjhouse-shiftediitsiplace from Nazareth , to ..Italy ? i Thefanswer which : the >Ghurch,;of Eome"gives, and to the truth of -which shebaspledged'her Infal libility, is, that the house was miraculously \- carried from one. country- to the other. The; following, is,, the, account given , 'by Natalis Alexauder,'one of the.most-learned and sober; Roman Catholic writers -. — - ... . " In the first-.-year : .of - tho - Pontificate/of , Boniface. yill., >A.D., 1294, the sacred. -house of the. Blessed Virgin, in which/ she- heard ; the angelic, message,; and. -conceived tho Son of God. by the Holy Ghost, -was borne," by a miracle, .from .Dalmatia into Itlie- territory of Picenum, .and , settled-down in a wood near /Becanati, belonging ; to a pious; matron whose name was Lauretta. Thence it derived the name of; the house, of the BlessediiVirgin of Loretto. Moreover, it'.has been liandod down that, by a repctitioniof the, miracle, the house .thrice changed its,, place in the Piceninn territory within, one year. : On this subject the reader, :may /consult ; the /elegant . -Jesuit writer, Horatius- Tursellinus, in the" history of Loretto. It, wilffbeiobservedtbatv'Natalis. Alex ander -states that the "Holy House was miraculously borne from Dalmatia (which is on the eastern coast of the' Adriatic Gulf) to Loretto, on the western or Italian side ; but how did it' get from Nazareth to Dalmatia ? This part of the story is detailed at length by.Eohrbncher, a modern ..Roman; Catholic; ; historian, whose statement, from its - prolixity; we are obliged somewhat. to abridge. " It was in tlie year A/D. 1291, on the 10th of May, about the second watch of night, that the sanctuary of Nazareth was deposited on the shores of- the Adriatic, -between Tersatz and Fiume, in a spot commonly called ltauniza by the' natives of the country. "Towards daybreak sonic of the inhabi tants were: astonished- on beholding the now edifice placed in a: spot where nobody had ever/ up to that time,- seen either house' or ; cabin; The report of the prodigy soon spread ; people flock thither, examine, admire the mysterious building. It was constructed with small square red stones, held together by cement.- -All-are. astonished at its singular" structure, - its air - of antiquity/: its /oriental shapej but the- thing of all others that was most inexplicable was, how it maintained the erect position it did on the bare ground, without any foundation whatever to rest upon. ; , "Their surprise, however, was greatly en hanced on penetrating into the interior. The chamber formed an obiong square. . . . A tolerably large door, open on one of the sides gave ingress to this'- mysterious abode. On the right opened a solitary narrow window j in front, somewhat elevated, stood the altar; made of square solid stones, on which was an ancient Greek cross. Near the altar ono 'saw a small cupboard of singulKr.stmplicity, irindej to hold the necessary utensils ..for. a/ ppor establishment. It contained //small /.vessels, similar to those which mothers "use for,, the \- purpose of feeding their infants. ': .There. was; "placed. ,a statue of- cedar representing <tho Blessed Virgin, erect and bearing: the child; . Jesusj-in Lier arms. . . . . . Snch ,wns ther : disposition of-' the holy chapel whenit.eom-! menccd its sojourn in Dalmatia.'" ; t- ( , .... Our. readers will perceive, by .the fore- s going, statements, ithaffthe. history, .of,, the Holy (House of Loretto iinvolvcs//ot«\\.dis- ' tinct-rairacles; ( There -was; ;i first,;' the transit- across the "Mediterranean t- Sea : from' 'Nazareth to Dalmatia ; there wa3. then 'the ..passage across the , Adriatic 'Gulf, from Dalmatia to Italy ; and then- there, must have been two < further,, mira- . cles, if the story of Natalis Alexanderi-be true,; that, .the Holy, House changed .its -place thrice in ono year afteritsarrivabin Italy; > ' Tursellinus— the writer to whom Na- ! talis Alexander refers us for further de-; tails— gives us a ( curious account : of .the cause of: all. this seeming .capriciousuess and love. of change exhibited-, by;the Sa«/« ,- Casa. : : After detailing the earlier.part/of the story — how : the I angels i took- -up ' the : TIolyHouseran the 9th of -May, -in- the year -1291, and brought it" through the- air into Dalmatia, distaut from G.ilileo about two thousand miles: (for our jlegend- . ary; authors love to be.exact about dates , and distances) -r-he goes on to . say,; that - i at first / therer was, a mighty, concourse'iof people that- came together upon the fame of this great miracle, but their zeal ! con tinued not; whereupon the Virgin,/ not -finding- there "the honour she" expected,' ordered the angels a second time, to take rthe .house, ..and-, transport,,. it.., .across the .. Adriatic Sea into Italy. . This the angels .accordingly did,; and set. it down- in the territory of Reeanati;' in 'the«midst>'of a -wood-belonging to a certain- lady -called Loretta; / This new prodigy of the second transportation of., the Holy House re kindled /men's devotion .to tho - Virgin, and there- was great flocking .to it from all ,, quarters ;.-,bnt.\the situation of- (the chapel was. an occasion .t of . a-- great -man y robberies andwillanies committed ;on the poor 'pilgrims; -because1 the forest" (of which we ' have before spoken), afforded shelter to the rogues and bad characters; who .sallied out from it to .rob-and. plunder those who passed ,by. ... It appears.somo- : what strange that neitheritheiangels nor thexVirginiseem to have foreseen'tho pos isible badi consequences of their imprudent 'choice of a locality- for' the Santa' Casa ; but'this objection.-fche learned Tursellinus discreetly ' passes over iu silence1 At .length.the angels, thought ' fit to , remove 'the IToly House from, ithe .midst of. the wood, /and theyi carried it a little.- farther to a (mountain -that - belonged to' two bro- thers,''. who;-in; a short time, /.made' a very profitable business; of it by the resorff'of pilgrims, and the rich presents' that 'were made. We may, remark; , b'y the way, how invariably ..money is sure to come in, sooner or later, in .the, narrative, of thes - ecclesiastical ; miracles. .As the two bro- ; thers .wer.ev.notoable to- /agree': in- -the- di vision of the spoil, the Virgin, continues Tursellinus, was very angry, and thought they were unworthy of the' honour she had done: them, ana; therefore, ordered t h e 'angel s : to transfer it to another p I ace. Up they, then, took it for the fourth time, and set.it in : the, highway, .where novvidt stands. But nobody could tell from whence this house came till a- long time after, when the Blessed Virgin appeared in a dream to a certain man, an intimate friend and servant of hers, and revealed ; the whole matter, to him, as has beeu-just related. , : - (To he continued.') 