The Advertiser MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1883. TO-DAY the working classes celebrate the anniversary of the triumph of the eight hours' system. For the first time their annual demonstration has the advantage of l>eing held on a public holiday, grantel iv compliance with their urgent request. Considering the numerous days set apart during the year in honor of one personage or another, it would have been unmsa uot to consult the wishes of the toiling masics in and around Adelaide in a matter after all not of overwhelming importance, so far as the Duke of Edinburgh's birth c*?r ia concerned. In this instance tha convenience of a large section of the com munity has been studied without affording ground <.>r justification for cavilling at the ci>iiC?ssicn as a mere sop to class interest Few will now be found to dispute the wisdom of restricting the hours of labor, though different views - may be entertained of the exact limit lixtd and of legislative interference with Mich matters The Imperial legislature is sill ilcaf to all apjteals in favor of limiting by Avt of Parliament the day's work, which lias nevertheless been greatly cir cumscribed of late years. Employers and voikmeu have in England been pat on a iiiore equal footing by the operation of the trade unions, aa well as by the enactments these have been instrumental in having placed on the statute,book. The Factor}' Acts gave a strong impulse to the move ment for removing a terrible stigma on British industry, for although in respect to the length of the day's work they were confined to the employment of women and children, they stimulated the friends of oppressed operatives in their efforts to leasen the liar-awing and exhausting uuoilier of hours during which these wore compelled to labor. Movements of divers kinds for the social amelioration of the people have sprung from the same source, and it may be confidently affirmed that die consequent elevation of labor and the laboring class is one of the noblest achieve ments of the present generation. In Australia the normal state of things is abundance of employment with aurti cient remuneration. Seasons of depres sion occur, and the recurrence of them cannot l>e wholly guarded against here any more than it can be elsewhere. Colonists most be prepared to take the rough with the smooth. Hard, bad times, are not unfrequcutly succeeded by periods of in flation which might be turned to better account, but which unfortunately too often engender habits of thrif dessness and extravagance. Shortened hours presup pose the increase and expansion of oppor tunities which should not be allowed to slip by thoEe in whose interest the change was advocated. It may be doubted, nevertheless, whether the most is actually wade of the greater margin of leisure, although it is patent that in themselves and their surroundings there Ls a notable advancement among the working classes. The evils which tend to dishearten the social reformer in the populous centres of the old world should not l?e allowed to take root and grow iv rank luxuriance here. There, better homes fci- the working classes are a cryiny necessity ; comfortless abodes not seldom drive men forth into the streets or ruinous haunts when, after the day's toil, rest and pleasant diversion amid clean and cheer ful surroundings should be their happier lot. Here, for the most part, the same class is more fortunately circumstanced ; still there is obvious room for improve ment in artisans' and laborers' dwellings, which are comparatively mean even when rented at a high figure. Co- operative building societies might prudeutly be encouraged among them, or at least they should be induced to invest a portion of their savings, as many do now, in prosperous times, in financially sound and well administered associations of that kind. The ownership of a house by a working man iv due course augments his ability to save by rescuing him from the hands of too avaricious landlords. The working man does not hire his furniture, ai.d there is no reason why he should continue to hire his house. In uilia' directions ample scope is afforded fi'i- tujiug by provision for a rainy day ?i:d iiisur 113 against sickness and in ylilily to \v>ik. Benefit and friendly .s.icittua Lave been an unruitigatel 1 U.->.-ii.ii to tiie is diwtriai c!a3aea. A real' connection has been discovered between their increase and the decline of pauperism in England. The wi known "orders" are admittedly a safe investment deserving the immense faith and trust reposed iv them by the classes to whom they have proved especially beneficial. The multiplied facilities in the shape of free readiiig-rooiua, museums, aud picture galleries should likewise be more generally appreciated. It is the re iterated complaint of (he Chamber of Manufactures that their proffered aids to technical instruction have not been ac cepted as it might have been supposed they would be. There is perhaps notice able among English mechanics an absence of the inventive talent so characteristic of the Americans, and this may fairly be ascribed in some measure to ]iecdlessne3s and lack of well-directed application. Assuredly there is enough leisure for the exercise of ingenuity and inventiveness— for the indulgence of aspirations that would lift many of the artisan class out of the dull routine of a life that is apt to l>ccoine as unchanging and monotonous as the treadmill— As if their whole vocation Were endless imitation. It is, however, a hopeful sign of the times that working men in South Aus tralia are devoting more attention to political atlairs. Happily their discussions are not exclusively confined to the venti lation of grievances and the promotion of their own interests. These necessarily occupy a foremost place in their con sideration. Their bearing on the general well- being of the country is indubitable. It Ls encouraging, moreover, to observe the prevailing reliance on self-help rathci than on State aid that as a rule charac terises associations of working men. In some respects they may betray a bias towards economic heresies, yet when ques tioned thereancnt they would doubtless reply that they are compelled to seek com pensation in the best way they can for the unequal burdens which partial legislation has thrown upon their shoulders. But even on this score there are mani fest indications of the gradual removal of invidious and inequitable distinctions which have operated unduly against them. Any further relief that would really be good for them without at the same time being palpably unfair to the restof thecom munity they have it in their power to ob tain by legitimate means. There is no ground in Australia, and practically none now in England, for saying that labor is unrepresented in Parliament If it is less so than is desirable, or than it clearly might be, be the fault rests with those who have the remedy in their own lands. Even the Tory historian, Sir Archilald Alison, deprecated the ex posure of English operatives, without the means of legal resistance, to the rule of an assembly almost entirely elected by per sons having an adverse interest. He in sisted that it was the obvious interest of the employers to beat down the remunera tion of labor both in the fields and the workshops, but he foresaw that trade organisations would in the end counteract this selfish tendency. Political associa tions have further contributed to the same result, and their existence should not only be approved but encouraged, because they aim at the open avowal of opinions, aspirations, and claims that are deemed by those who express them to be both right and expedient. They are, in trutl>, the best security against secret societies and revolutionary machinations which have proved so hurtful In many countries, and especially so adverse to the real and permanent interest* of dflmorracj-. Paut IV. of the " Statistical Register of South Australia for 1882,? dealing witli " interchange" is published. The returns furnished extend over 130 pages, and treat of a variety of subjects, such as the amount of imports and exports, revenue, shipping, lighthouses, customs, immigra tion and emigration, the cost of railways and main roads, income from the tele* graph and postal department, banking statistics, liens and mortgagee, Lands Titles Otfice transactions, and the extent, capacity, and cost of the various water works in the colony. These returns show that notwithstanding the bad liarvests of the last few yeara? as the result of ex ceptionally dry seasons, South Australia has been making steady progress, and are in themselves a sufficient answer to those who from a pessimist standpoint have been wont to cry down the colony and assert that we are proceeding towards ruin with rapid strides. Our export trade last year was more than that of the year before, and in advance of that of 187., though not quite eijual to that of 1880\. The total value of the exports, being the produce of the colony, which were sent away from our ports in ISB2 amounted to £4,187,840, or £544,433 worth more than was exported in ISSI. At the head of the list of the articles sent away stands wool, for which we received no less atum than £1,818,537, an amount exceeded only once in the four years pre ceding 1882, and then only by about £2<>,000. The next largest items are those of flour, for which we received last year £808,077, and wheat, of which we sent away £035.&>5 worth, both items Leing in excess of the tjuautities exported daring 18S1, the sum received for flour being an advance on that of any of the years in the nuin.juennuil return. In copper and copper ore, too, there was an improvement last year, the value of these products being £405,570, against £428,200 for the previous year, and £345,147 for 1880\. These figures show that our mining industry is somewliat recovering its tone, though the low prices which still obtain no doubt, prevent much being done in the way of attempting new dis coveries. The fact remains, however, that the old established mines which have been able to continue working in spite of the low prices which have obtained in the copper market during the past few years are in nowise falling off in production, and if the long-hoped- for revival in price should occur we may look for a large advance in the returns. Indeed, there are even now signs that the output of copper ore this year will be considerably in advance of that of 1882. The pro prietors of the Moonta and Wallaroo mines have recently brought out a number of miners who are now in their employ, and there is every evidence that both properties will be worked with renewed vigor. During the past five years a rapid in crease has taken place in our exports of skins and hides, the value of these items having advanced from £30,518 in 1878 to £80.700 in 1882. There was a slight falling eff, however, in the exports of le*tht r last year, when compared with the returns for 1830 or 1881. We still con tinue to import a considerable quantity of this cvmn.odity, but we ought to manufac lure more than we do.' We have the bark for tanning, and we produce skins aud hides in a much larger quantity Han we need for home consump tion, and consequently should bu a'jle to make leather equal in quality tj iY.e imported article, aud at as ciieay a rate as we can briug it into the colony, taking into account the fact that our hides li&vc; to be sent a distance of 12,093 miles, and returned a like distance after being prepared for use. To the un initiated in the mysteries of the trade the freight both way 3 would appear to be quite sufficient to give the coloi.iil manu facturer a chance to compete with advan tage against foreign manufacturers of this article. In jams, the returns show that a very satisfactory increase lias taken place since IS7S. In tliat jear we sent out of the colony a little over £10,030 worth under this head, but last year the value of the quantity exported was no le3s than £25,753. The exports of pickles are scarcely worth mentioning, and those of preserved meats have dwindled down from 273,090 lbs. to 997 lbs., a very considerable falling ofll In jams and preserved fruits, if not in pickles, we may reasonably expect that the increase in the quantity ex ported during the next few years will be very considerable. People who are fortu nate enough to have land in favorable localities for the growth of fruit-trees have not been slow to avail themselves of the advantages offered by the extension of the fruit preserving industry, and if our local manufacturers continue to turn out articles as good as those which they have placed on the market during the past two or three years, it may reasonably be expected that our export trade in jams and fruits will assume large proportions daring the next decade. The wine exports for last year were above those for 1880 and 1881, though they did not reach those of 1878 by over £5,009. The value of the quantity sent away last year was £19,523, and that of 1878 was £25,256. Hence the wine industry can not be said to have developed to any very large extent during the five years under review if we are to judge by the exports, but the home coranmption is constantly and largely increasing. The imports of goods retained for home consumption has increased from £ 1,532,624 in 1878 to £5,535.738 in 1882, or nearly a million pounds' worth, so that notwith standing the bad harvest which we have had, and the outcry that lias been raised in many quarters that the colony was going to ruin, we have been able to afford to spend more money than we could five years ago, and the fact remains that al though at the present juncture money may be "somewhat tight,"our large importers appear to be doing a safe business and are at least holding their own. At any rate we hear of no likelihood of any of oar merchants collapsing, though times may be dull ; and to be able to say that no heavy financial failures have occurred iii a community like ours, with a run of bad harvests such as we have had, is, to say the least of it, a pretty sure indica tion that a fair amount of trade is being done, and that the import market is not overstocked to any very crushing extent. Our shipping, too, is on the increase, as the natural result of the growth of our import and export trade. The number of ships which came to our ports in 1878 was 1,026, with a tonnage of 452,738 tons, and the outward shipping numbered 1.035 vessels, the tonnage being 453,535 tons. In 1882 the number of ships inwards was 1,113, tonnage C7i?,441 tons; and outwards i,?:??, with a tonnage of 061,777 tons. The combined import and export tra4? of the colony during 1882 amounted to £12,007,078, and the gross am&unt; of duties received through the Customs was £033,899, agatast £8,428,900, and £500.987 in 1878. When we come to the immigration and emigration returns for last year, the result is not so satisfactory as could be wished. The total number of arrival?'was 14,870 persons, and the departures amounted to 14,130, leaving only the very small margin of immigrants over emigrants of 734 persons, whilst the de partures of adult males were in excess of the arrivals. This large leakage in our population is to be deplored, as are the untoward circumstances which have led to it, but a good harvest and a pushing on of the necessary public works which have been authorised by Parliament will put a stop to this, and of both these things there is at present every reasonable pros pect. The length of railways open in South Australia at the end of December last was 945 miles, for the construction~of which we have paid £5,715,050. The total revenue received from these lines amounted to £400,109, and the working expenditure to £313,880, leaving a net revenue of £140,223 to go towards the interest of the outlay on construction. Of the whole of the lines opened it is satis factory to know that all those worked by steam power are paying their way, or at least yielding a surplus over working expenses, the only lines on which the expenditure exceeds the income being those worked by horses. The natural deduction from this is that the sooner the Government works the whole of the lines by steam, if they be worth working at all, the better it will be for the country. One other .deduction may be drawn from these railway returns. The lines have more than paid their working expenses during the bad seasons ; it is therefore reasonable to infer that with the return of good seasons they will net a handsome profit. The Sax-ings Banks returns are made up to the end of June of the current year. 1 hese are not quite so satisfactory as could be wished. There is not only no increase, but a slight decrease in the number of new accounts opened during the year, and though the number of depositors is in excess of that of the year ending June 30, 1882, the amount de posited is less, the figures being for last year £1,044,438, and for this year £878,213. The sum standing to the credit of depositors is less than in 1882 by a little over £29,000, and the average amount to the credit of each depositor is £32 6s. 9d., against £30 Is. 9d. in the previous year. Perhaps this may be to a great extent accounted for by the fact that a number of the working men, espe cially those around Adelaide, have with drawn the amounts they had to their credit to invest in house property which they wish to make their own. It is a well-known fact that during the past year many people have done this, and thus a part, if not the whole, of the falling off may be accounted for. The result of a candid perusal of these statistics, furnished by the Gmernmeut statist, is on the whole satisfactory. The returns show that nutivithstvi *i:i_r the bad seasons we have ?.-*;> ?ri-.-n.-'-l there Las been steady progress, and tha outlook at the present time U not a? beclouded as some croakers would have us Ix-lieve. To-day will bo observed as a public holiday in celebration of the anniversary of Prince Alfred's birthday. Formerly the holiday vu celebrated on August 6. the date of the Duke of Edinburgh's birth, but by the Bank Soli da js Act Amendment Act, passed last year, it was arranged that in future September 1 should be the holiday. ThU change was made in the interests of the Eight Hour* Association, who on September 1 hold their annual demonstration. The holiday tfaif year fell on Saturday, but in accordance with the rule always followed when such v cue ca?e wDI be celebrated on Monday. Ton ?re*t event of the day will, of course, be the eight hours' demonstration. This is to be held on the Exhibition Grounds, where a program me of athletic sports is to be carried out, and a ball will be held in the bjilding. A grand procession will start from Victoru-s^uare for the scene of the demonstration at 10 o'clock in the morning. The Spring Meeting of the S.A.J.C. will be concluded at Morphettville, and will no doubt attract a large number of holiday-makers should the weather prove favorable. The Young Men's Christian Association is to hold its annual picnic on the Hon. A. Hay's estate at Linden, and the bazaar in aid of the Gcodcrood Roman Catholic Church will be continued in the TownHalL In the evening the "Lights o* London" will be produced at the Theatre Royal, the Mohawk Minstrels will appear at Garners' Theatre, and a concert in aid of the South Adelaide Football Club will be given by the Adelaide Musette Surprise Party in the Academy of Music. We are requested testate that Lady Robin son will not hold her usual afternoon recep* tion to-morroir. A meeting of the executive committee in connection with the Jubilee Exhibition was held at Government House on Saturday. His Excellency the Governor (Sir Win. Bobinsoa) presided, and amongst those present were the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P.), tha Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt, M.P.), the Minister of Education (Hon. J. L. Parsons, M.P.), the Chief Jcutioe (Hon. S. J. Way), Sir William Mime, Mr. Rowland Bees, M.P.. Mr. T. Johnson, M.P., and Messrs. S. Davenport and H. J. Andrews (hoc, secretaries). Letters of apology for abser.ee were received from the Hon. J. Crorier, M.LC, and Mr. Thos. King, VLB. Dr. Schomburgk and Me. Woods (Architect-m-Chief), attended and ex plained a proposal for the laying out aad planting of grounds at an estimated cost of from £10,000 to £12,000. The proposal was adopted, and the exterior arrangement com mittee were authorised to proceed with tha work. On the recommendation of the fine arts committee, Sir William Milne and Mr. J. W. Tyaa were appointed members of the committee, and Mr. H. J. Andrew* was ap pointed a memberof the finance committee. The finance committee submitted regulations for conducting the monetary affairs in con nection with the exhibition, and it was de dded that any funds at the disposal of the committee should be placed in the Bank Of South Australia. The appointment of a per manent secretary was postponed, and it was resolved that the honorary secretaries con tinue their duties until the appointment of a peimanwit secretary be made. The meeting then terminated. The initiation of the system of running Sunday trains on the Aldgate line took place on Sunday, September 2. when fire trains were despatched to the present terminus of the Kaime line. Owing, however, to the in clemency of the weather very few persons, comparatively speaking, took advantage of the occasion to make a trip into the hills. It is t?*itrfftrA that about 250 persons travelled on tile line. Doubtless had the day been fine a much larger number would have em braced the opportunity of getting out of the city for an airing. This afternoon the trains will be despatched to suit the convenience of passengers at intervals of about an hoar apart. We hear that the first prize (medal) fjr flour at tile Sydney Agricultural Sio*- hmt been awarded to Messrs. W. Tooms* & Co., millers, of Port Adelaide. TLc chip Aahmore, with 375 immigrants oa board, arrived en Saturday |morning, after a passage of 78 days from Plymouth. The immigrants—a list of whom will be found elsewhere—have arrived in excellent health. Mr. E. T. Smith, ttP., has returned from his trip to Europe, having arrived br the steamer.Souih Australian from Melbourne oa Saturday morning. Mr. A. Tennant, M P., was also a passenger by the South Australian, having returned from a trip to New Zealand. The Rev. Enoch Gratton, the new pastor of the Methodist New Connexion Church in franklin-street, preached his first sermon there on Sunday morning. The congrega tion wu unfortunately very small, owing to the unprcpitions state of the weather. By a late cumber of the Edinburgh Courant we notice that at the annual dinner given to those members of the Australasian Club, Edinburgh, who have graduated daring the University session Dr. H. S. Lloyd, of Ade laide, was present and took part in the pro ceedings. A poll was taken at the Uuley Town Hall on Friday to decide whether the Unley Town Council should be authorised to declare a further rate of sixpence in the pound upon the assessment for the current year. The following was the voting :—For the rate, 76 persons, representing 246 votes; against the rate, 177 persons, representing 420 votes. Majority against the rate, 101 persons, repre senting 174 votes. On Saturday night a fire broke oat in a carpenter's shop belonging to Mr. Arthur R. Steggall, situated in Grenfell- street, opposite the Start HoteL The superintendent of fire brigades, the inspector of police, and a number of constables were soon on the spat, and the fire was put out in a few minutes by the head fire station reel. Not much damage was done. The coroner has been communi cated with. The wool season just commenced (sajs the Port Augusta paper) promises to be unusually good. A Urge number of bales have baen re ctived by the various export firms, aad will be shipped in due course. So far 630 bales have been stowed on board the Paktraa by Mess?>. Gooch & Hay ward, and 331 on board the Beltana by Messrs. Tassie & Co., the latter firm having nearly six times as much on hard. Messrs. Young & Gordon will make a large consignment by the City ol Adelaide, at present unloading. The above is exclusive of the export bom the west side. The telegraph station master at Daly Waters reports respecting the shock of earthquake felt in the northern portion of the continent as follows: —" On Sunday, 26th inst., about mid- night, we were awakened by an explosion resem- bling a shot fired in blasting rock and a con- tinued rumbling for a few minutes. Next morning (Monday), between 9.30 and 10 a.m., a similar noise, with a slight vibration, was heard and felt, continuing for 15 minutes. Men camped five miles south of station also heard it. The natives say that Frew's water- holes and others of a similar character were formed in this way in very dry seasons" Mr. Skinner, of Alice Springs, reports :—" Earth- quake noise heard three different places in this vicinity at about 10.10 a.m. on Monday ; was exceedingly like report of a rifle being fired twice within an interval of a few seconds. The noise was heard at Alice Springs, also at sheep camp, nine miles west of station, and Undoolyoo, 25 miles east of Alice Springs." The weather on the opening day of the S.A J.C. Spring Meeting (Saturday) was all that could be desired, although the atten dance of spectators was somewhat limited. Lady Robinscn and her daughters were pre sent, ai.d *h(B'.be Derby was over "theblue ribar.d" wasfastemd en Dirk Hatteraiok's head by Lady R-jbinson in tha absence of Eis EsccMcect There were only three aUr'cis frr 'be Derby, and Dirk HaMsraick l-nJ : tt ivuib c-ffisulty in defeating Sardius, ?lr. ?s? Fiitrii, and Bis Bw, whs ran into ihtni i.Jh. The Hurdle Rice was won by Lnii of Oljde. the Hu-phettvilla PUt? bj Halene (Mater to the Assyrian), the Auction Stakes by Hawthorne, and; the Holdfast Handicap by Luna. The races will be re sumed to-day, when there are six events on the card, the second Hurdle B*ce (to start at 1 O'clock), the Mares Produce Stakes, the Two-Year-Old Handicap, the Spring Handi cap, the Steeplechase, and the Farewell Handicap. The Adelaide Rifles, comprising both bs*? taliocs, assembled for brigade drill on Satur day afternoon. The men mustered strongly at the parade ground, North-terrace. In addition to the City and Suburban Com panies the Gawler Company was present, having come down during the morning. After the usual preliminaries had been set tled ?be troops, headed by the band, marched to "the North Park Lands. As it was a fine afternoon there was a fair number of dtusent prefect to watch the movements of our de fender?. Colonel Downes was in attendance. Lieut-Colonel Makinhadcoinmandof the first battalion, and lieutenant-Colonel M&dley; of the second. Captain Jervois, D. A.A.G., was alto on ihe ground. Colonel Bownes pat the volunteers through a series of brigade move ments, which were in most instances credit ably executed. The men were exercised In echelon marching both from the centre and oblique, and acquitted themselves capitally. All the manoeuvres were of an interesting character, and they were well carried oat, several of the companies marching with great ateadjnen. A tmmOr <$**9fcKi **¥* at one time ttteaitnert to sana? very serious proper t*oiw,?ook plase yesterday (says the South. Eastern Star of August 31) in the house of Mr. James Hellyer, of Drop Drop. Private matters led to a dispute being raised between Hellyer and bis son William, a young man of twenty-two, and the former eventually flew into a towering passion, and taking a gun threatened to shoot his son. The latter asserts moreover that his father had placed two cases of gunpowder on a load of wood, and threatened to ignite it and set fire to and blow up the bouse. Fortunately he did not cany this out, and his son proceeded to give information against him to the police. A warrant was granted by the magistrate, and Hellyer was arrested by Corporal Kerr and Mounted-constable Thornton near the Sportsman's Arms. The dispute had not been heightened by drink, as up to tbe time he left the bouse Hellyer had not taken any intoxicating liquor. Upon his arrest he was removed to the lock-up, and subsequently bailed out, and will be brought before the stipendary magistrate on a charge of threat ening to thoot his son. The report oE the directors of the South Australian Coal Company, which is to be laid to-morrow, contains the following :—" In pre senting their eighteenth animal report your directors have pivff'irf in informing you that a decided improvement is visible in tne last half year as compared with that ending on the 31it January, though scarcely to the ex tent anticipated. The wharf account shows well, and the sale of coal has largely ex ceeded that of any previous year; but in the face of keen competition the rate of profit per ton has been too amall to produce a satisfac tory result The accidents that have hap pened to tbe Karaweera since her arrival have not only caused increased outlay, but have much reduced her gross earnings; but she has shown herself capable of carrying cargo economically, and your directors hope she will materially add to the profits of the current year. Your directors recommend the csnal dividend of 6d. per share, wiring with tbe interim dividend paid in March, 10 per cent, for the year, payable at the registered office of the company on or after the 10th Sfptember.lSSS.'' The Anglican ff^MWHpijfff Payneham and the vicinity had an opportunity of attending a> Church of Tr-tgi**** service for the first time on Sunday without going outside the district. The derirableneu of establishing thin form of worship in their midst had loog bf en felt by a large number of residents, and cotseqntntly the announcement that tht Home Mission lately started by Bishop Kennion would extend its operations among ort>er suburb* to Paynebam m welcomed with much pleasure by the inhabitants of this thriving locality. In dufanlt of other Km>B>modatiaa. an agreement was made with the trustees of the institute for the use of the hnilding for three months. At the end of this time, should the movement give saffi cjrot encouragement, a fund, subsidised by the Home Mi—in?i t will be started for the erectfon of a church. From the present enthusiasm it may be judged that this hope ?ni y*> mr ~T,H,miiyrt~];m*J There wasagood congregation on Sunday, and the Rev. F. I. Wbitiogton, who conducted the service, gave a spirited and eloquent discourse, in which he made a general allusion to the objects of the Home Miarion, with a view to eolisting the practical sympathy and support of those present in its favor. Tricycling is making rapid strides in Eng land. In the early part of July but a 24 hours' open amateur tricycle race was arranged by the London Tricycle Club. The large number of 74 riders responded to the call, and out of them C 7 faced the starter. Mr. T. EL Marriott, of Notting ham, proved himwrif the best man by covering the grand distance of 21S| miles, only 8J miles short of the best 24 hours' bicycle record, 227J miles, which was done by Messrs. W. Alford and P. C. Gibbs, members of the Stsnhope B. C, in the latter end of Jane last. Ladies also seem to be aspiring to the hecors of wheeldom. It was only a short time ego, that Mrs. Mason, of Liverpool, was the only lady who had completed a hundred aoitf t in tfce 24 hours on a single tricycle, but now this lady's distance has been exceeded by 10 miles by Miss Jessie Choice in 20 hours icdmive of stoppages. The day was not very favorable, rain having made the roads muddy and in places the sun had dried the rots very bard, acd they were dangerous. Rain also descended at periods during the afternoon, so that the distance of 114 miles reflects great credit on the skilful pedaling and pluck of the young lady. Tbe ride throughout was done at a steady gentle pace, spurting being avoided and the fair rider enjoyed the trip acd did net feel the least ill effects after. wards. We extract the following from the New caiUe Daily Journal of July 31:—" Oa S?tur day, July 14, the steamer Tenterden, built to tie order of Mr. A L Elder, London, for Messrs. H. Simpson & San, Sjuth Australia, by Messrs. Campbell, Mackin tosh & Bowstead, Newcastle -oa ? Tyne, had a most satisfactory trial' trip. After adjusting compasses she proceeded to Middlesboroogb, when a speed of 10J knot* was attained. She is a flush-deck vessel, built under Lloyd's special surrey, with monkey forecastle, long bridge, on which there is a teak chart and wheel-home, and underneath accommodation for engineers and officers. Under the deck aft there is a taste fully done-up saloon and cabin fir sicteen first-class passengers, and forward she ha* accommodation for twenty-six seood-c!S3?. Her dimensions are as follows-.—L?nsrrn, 246feet6inches: breadth, 33 feet C inches ; depth, 20 feet. Her engines are 110 nominil horsepower, and are by the North-E^tera Marine Engineering Company, SuaderUn'i. She has on board steam wiucbes by M>*?r?. Clarke, Chapman, & Co., Messrs 1) ir.kti Kichol's steam steering gear, Fn?z r\ fe-h -water condenser, Hatfield'd wind It", k.i. After taking in cargo and passengers sip w>M sail for Adelaide, via the Cape, csl'in? a*-. S-\ Vincent (C. V.), under the command of Captain Alexander McKeozie. The Tenterden w? built under the superintendence of Captain James McKenzie, who expressed himself thoroughly satisfied with her." On Saturday morning at S o'clock 205 young people of both sexes, after communi cating at Mass, received the sacrament of confirmation from the hands of the bishop. The female candidates were all robed in white, the boys wearing the badge of the sodality of the Blessed Virgin. Previous to tie reception of the Sacrament the bishop im pressed upon them the nature of the graces they were about to receive and the obliga tions they contracted. His lordship then proceeded to admininsfar the sacrament, after which be again exhorted them to avoid the dangers that beset them as Boldien of the Gross of Christ. He warned them especially ?f the?in of drunkenness, and invited them to join the lieagoe of the Gross, which combers over 21,000, the children pro mising thereby to become totaljabstain?rs until they completed their twenty-first year. IJGs lordship then imparted |the benediction. The following priests were in attendance on the bishop during the ceremony—the Very Rev. the Vicar General Archdeacon RusselL the bishop's chaplain. Father O'Sullivan, and Fathers Norton and Hackett. The children sang at the beginning of the ceremony the hymn of the Holy Ghost, and as the bishop and the clergy left the sanctuary they sang "Faith of our Fathers." On Saturday even ing Sister Mary Baptist, of the Order of St. Dominic, who had been suffering some time from disease of the heart, succumbed rather suddenly. Her remains will be interred in the West-terrace Cemetery. On Sunday morning the Rev. J. C. Woods, 8.A., delivered in the Unitarian Church, Wakefield-street, a lecture on "Charles Darwin. 1' The lecturer, after dwelling for some time on Darwin's parentage and child ittOd, alluded to his devotion to the study of natural history and the association of bis ?Mime with the theory of evolution .which he did so much to bring prominently before the world, The effect of thistheory on thecreeds ?sd the religions life of the age was noticed, and the lecturer said the evolutionists had shown the baselessness of the common theological doctrine of the fall of Adam. This doctrine was now discredited by all scientific men as worthless and positively un true. He then referred to Darwin's perse verance and industry as illustrated by his earnest study of natural history, and spoke highly of the spirit of his philosophy. But he was not only the philosopher who has wrought a greater revolution in human thought than any man of our time, or per haps of any time, for as a man he exemplified in his own life that true religion which is deeper, wider, and loftier than any theology. For this not only inspired him with the devotion to troth which was tie master passion of his great nature, but made him the most admirable husband, brother, and father, the kindest Mend, neighbor, and master; the genuine lover, not only of his fellow-men, but of every creature. Of no one could it be more appropriately said— Be ptayoth best who loreth best. All thiigi both great and small. Cor the whole attitude of his mind was that of humble reverence for the great Power which Hade and toreth all. The annual meetiog of the Area* Market Garden Company was held at the office on Wednesday, August 29. Mr. B. B. Farrar (chairman of directors) presided. He read the following report:—"The directors beg to lay before the shareholders a statement of the asrets and liabilities of the company, together with the profit and loss account to the 23rd July last The net profit made by the com* pany to date amounts to £680 3s. lOd. The directors propose a dividend of 10 per cent, on the paid-up capital, which would absorb £497 Ob. Cd., and carry a balance forward of £123 3b. 4d. The sales daring the part season have not been as successful as was ex pected, in conseojience, no doubt, of the tightness of money in the northern anas. On account of the loss made on tomatoes this year owing to tne heavy cost of carriage to Aifalaiflg your directors have, in pursuance of the powers vested in them, decided to imntrfyhmp frmmft> sauce at Laura daring next season, feeling confident this will be a a source of Urge revenue in the future. In view of the increasing business of the company it h?? been decided to offer the unallotted shares, numbering 3373, to the public at an early date." He congratulated the shareholders opon the progress the company was making, and the increasing valneof their piupetlji. He then moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet, which was seconded by Mr. Sibley and carried unanimously. There being no other candidates, Messrs. Bowker and T. White, the retiring directors, were re-elected. The remuneration of the directors was fixed at 10a. each per meeting. Pursuant to notice pit-en, it was resolved on the motion of Mr. Oopaa that there should be one yearly audit; the auditors' fees to be £4 4s. each. Messrs. B. Thomber, J. Spioer, and J. A. Hill were nominated as auditors for the ensuing year, and a ballot resulted as follows:—Mr. Spicer, 2.G25 votes; Mr. HiD, 1,840; Mr. Thomber, 185\. Messrs, Spioer and Hill were therefore elected. Votes of thanks to the directors, manager, and chairman concluded the pro ceedings. The following interesting particulars of a collision between the schooner Catherine Mar^?*?, well known in Port Adelaide, and ?im china hViht* Steamship Company's steamer Hing fining have been kindly rap plied to us by Mr. J. Butterworth, of Port Adelaide, to whom they were sent in a letter by Mrs. W. Marden, wife of the captain of the schooner t-"We were on our way to Hongkong from Neuchywomg, with acargo'of beans, when on the night of May 25 the steamer w*"g SMrj came into "l>ll>*"ftfi with us. It was a beautifully clear night, so no excuse for the officer on watch on the steamer —poor fellow, he was drowned, with five Chinese, the steamer going down in about half an hour. Captain Marden tried to put as on boardof her, but our boatswain called 'For God's sake don't do that, the steamer has a bole in her aide.' Then be put us into a gig and lowered us down with the child and most of the bands. We polled for the steamer, but they called out that they were einking, so we hastened back to get our large boat out. We bad 13 inches of water in the Catherine Marden at the time, but a boat load of Chinese coming from the steamer, they were put to work pumping. We were thus able to keep the water under for the 2$ days we were outside. The collision took place 27 miles south-east of Shanbing Promontory. We had 50 Chinese and 61 Europeans from the steamer. Captain Tal pey, of the latter vessel, broke bis leg through catching ii in one of the boat falls. We laid him on cushions in the cabin, but could not do very much to it, as it was too swollen. The steamer Whampoa took us in to w on Monday morning. May 28. Captain Marden attributes the collision to the reckless use of the port helm. The steamer's green light was visible come ten mimi^, when all at once she stood right across oar bo?s. Our mate called out "A steamer dese to and coming into us." The captain rushed on deck, and we collided a minntf afterwards. It was a fearful shock. We bad nothing on but our night clothes when it occurred, and until we got bade to the vessel sfain. The starboard bow of the CM. was more or leas smashed in, the jibboom went std the bowsprit was driven right athwart i-tips." The tonnage of the Catherine Marden was £87, and of the steamer about I,GCO. .We had to lighten the vessel by throw ing cargo overboard, as we were at first making five feet of water an hour. We stuffed tie holes with oakum, then nailed boards ever them, and covered canvas over all. It was a wonder to all who saw her that she stood it so well, and everyone was surprised at a schooner sicking a steamer." For some time past the want of a suitable place in which to worship has been felt by the residents of Southwark, and the Baptist denomination, which has abandoned its con- tervative policy for one of a more progressive character, has undertaken to supply that want. The Baptists have recently awakened to the fact that their cause has not been pushed forward in the same manner as that of other churches. To remedy this a "new sphere committee" has been appointed, one of the duties of which is to select suitable places for erecting new churches. South- wark was selected as one of the new spheres in which the Baptist creed was to be planted, and all the preliminary arrangements having been completed, Mr. C. Willcox laid the foundation stone on Saturday afternoon, shortly after 3 o'clock, in the presence of a fair number of spectators, including the Revs. S. Mead, A. Webb, and W. B. Hiddlestone. Mr. Willcox, who was presented with a silver trowel by the archi- tect (Mr. T. Frost) bearing the following in- scription— "Presented to Charles Willcox, Esq., J.P., on his laying the foundation-stone of the Baptist Church, Southwark, September 1, 1883"—declared the stone to be truly laid. In performing the ceremony Mr. Willcox stated that the Baptists had decided to erect a church at Southwark, as they thought it would be a good field for them to labor in. He be- lieved that there was no other church in the township, and that the residents were desirous of possessing a church. The Rev.W.R. Hiddle- stone said some people .thought that there was not room enough for another church so close to his own at Hindmarah, but he assured them there was, as his own church was always well filled. He considered Southwark a good field for labor, and he trusted the new church would prove to be successful, and would be appreciated by the residents in the vicinity. Under the stone were placed coins of the realm, copies of the daily papers, and also a paper containing the names of the trustees of the Baptist Spheres Committee. The stone bore the inscription, "This stone was laid by Chas. Willcox, Esq., J.P., September 1, 1883." The structure will be 50 x 35, and it is estimated that it will hold 300 persons. It will present a neat and substantial appear- ance when finished. Inside the building will be plainly though substantially fur- nished, and temporary partitions will divide the church into four classrooms, so arranged that they may be removed when the whole of the hall is required. Mr. T. Frost is the architect. In the evening tea and public meetings were held in Edwards, Schultz, and Co.'a store, both of which were fairly well attended. At the latter Mr. Wm. Shearing presided. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Hiddlestone, Messrs. Hone, J. Gray, and other gentlemen. The sum of £27 was placed on the foundation stone towards the new erection. The Hyde Park tramway was formally opened on Saturday afternoon in the presence of a large number of shareholders and of the general public The line is two and a half miles in length. The terminus is opposite the Town Hall, Adelaide, Running powers over the Adelaide and Suburban Tramways Company line round Victoria-square have been secured, and the course then pursued is down King William-street almost straight on to Hyde Park. Tbe coat of the line has been £11,000, but the company have £1,100 worth of rails and sleepers, which will be called into requisition when the proposed extension to Westbourne Park is carried out. Mr. G. Chamier, C.E.. ts the company's engineer. At 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon four cars, made by Messrs. Duncan & Fraser, were drawn up at the terminus, and the visitors having taken their seats the drive was made to the stables at Hyde Park, which were reached after one or two mishaps hardly separable from such an ersntat the opening of a new line. Theline,howe ver.workedsmoothly, and seeing the expedition with which tbe work baa been carried out is very satisfactory. At the stables a light luncheon had been Uid out. The Hod. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C. (chair man of directors), having apologised for the absence of Mr. T. King, M.P., one of the members for the District of Start, declared the tramway open to the public amidst cheer ing. Mr. J. H. Symon, M.P., proposed " success to the Adelaide and Hyde Park Tramway," and referred to the great progress made in the district since he had had the honor of offering the electors his services in Parliament. The construction of the tram way bad been carried out marvellously quickly, for a week ago there had been hardly a stone turned or a sleeper raised in King William-street sooth. During the two yaarsjof his representation of the Start in Parliament there had been four tramways (the Mitch am, Parkside, Goodwood, and Hyde Park Tram ways) started, and this showed how the de mand for these great public conveniences had increased. In condnsion he expressed the hope that tbe company would not be subjected to any taxation until they were making a profit, and when they were doing so he hoped they would have to pay a good round tax. Mr. G. Howell responded in suitable terms. Mr. J. H. Bagster, M.P., gave "The Cor poration of Unley," to which Mr. J. S. Greer (Mayor of Unley) replied, and stated that there had been on an average one house erected every day in the municipality for the lasttwoyears. Other toasts followed. The Hon. W. C. Bulk, M.L.C., in responding to "Other tramway companies," gave some in teresting particulars as to the growth of the traffic on Adriairii* tramway lines, and com pared the figures with those of other colonies. On the road home the foremost car ran off the line near South- terrace, "**^ sunk in .the metal at the side, so that several of the pas. mietis preferred to walk up to the terminus. The line will be open to the public from to day. A bazaar, organised for the purpose of raising funds wherewith to erect a Roman Catholic church at Goodwood, was opened in the Town Hall on Saturday afternoon by His Lordship the Bishop, Dr. Reynolds. The bazaar, which U an excellent one, will be con tinued during the week. The football match on the Alberton Oval on Saturday afternoon between the South Parks and Ports wacwon by the Utter team, who scored 3 goals 10 twhtnds to their oppo nents' 2 goals 15 behind*. On tbe South Park Lands the North Adelaides scored 5 goals S behinds against the South Adelaides' 3 goals 7 behind*. The annual soiree in connection with the North Adelaide Baptist Young Men's Society took place on Friday evening, when the Bey. Allan W. Webb gave a very interesting and entertaining lecture on Longfellow. The lecture was interspersed with songs, recita tions, and readings given by members of the society. At the dose a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. "The Lights o' London" enters upon its fourth week to-night at the Theatre Royal, and although it has been a most pronounced success, and has attracted overflowing houses, it is hardly a wise thing for the management to continue the piece for a whole week with a limited population like ours. Judging by the reception of the principals on Saturday night the popularity of the piece is not on the wane, but there must be a diminution of the numbers of those who will witness its final representations. An entertainment was given at Garner's Assembly Rooms by the Mohawk Minstrels on Saturday evening. There was a good at tendance, |the popular parts of the house being well filled. It was announced on the bills that tbe company had secured the patronage of the eight hours' demonstration committee. The first part of tbe programme consisted of the ordinary minstrel business, and on the whole it was fairly well carried out. Mr. W. Evans acted as interlocutor. Mean. E. Evans and C. Woodward being respectively bones and tambo. Sentimental songs were given by Messrs. S. Treadrea, J. Nelson, F. Simpson, and H. Townley with good effect. The corner men were amusing and were very successful in their songs, " Hit him a stick" and j" Oh, Susahaiuu." In the second part of the entertainment Mr. Tread rea gave a eoog with good taste and was recalled. Mr. G. Gordon was very funny in a new version of '"Vil likins and his Dinah." An American sand jig by Messrs. O'Nei! and Gall was cleverly given, acd the performance had to be repeated. A sketch entitled 'The Dancing Master' afforded Messrs. Evans and Wcodward an opportunity of displaying their humorous powers, and Mr. Evans was successful in amusing the audience later on. A £olden thoe dance, by Messrs. Gordon and O'Nei], was heartily applauded, as also was a baUad by Mr. Townley; and the entertain mcntcloisedwiththefarce "Throw Him Out," in which Messrs. W. Evans, Gordon, Wood ward, Gall, Nelson, and Treadren took part. This seemed to be thoroughly appreciated by the audience. This evening the programme will be repeated, and as the prizes won at the eight hours sports are then to be distributed to tbe successful competitors there should be a good house. For Law Courts and other reports see page 3. Apublicireetingisto be held at Babklava this afternoon to consider the Government taxation sclsenQC ' We have received from Messrs. Whillas and Otmiston their valuable ABC monthly timetable and diary for September. A meeting of the Metropo'itan Brick Company is announced^ to be held at tiie.c >v pany'd office, tring William-street, this afternoon. We have receiTed a copy of the current month's issue of the Rough AMar. This number contains a full report of the recent meeting; held to discuss the f oication of a Grind Lodge of Sooth Australia. 