BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Hardly ever before in the history of our city, not even when Tweed and his gang were hurled to perdition, has there been such an uprising of the people against Sing rule as that which to-day shakes New York like a political earthquake. With the ciy of reform upon their lips, it was a shock to our citizens when they aaw the reformers, straight from the State convention, sit down to fight for the spoils. It was a rich loot. Thirty millions was the spoil to be divided, and the only question with these reformers seemed to be who should get the most. It is not a quest ion between Democrats and Republicans —between Grover Cleveland and Charles J. Folger. These are almost lost sight of in the impor tant question, is oar city with its thousand millions of treasure to be delivered bodily up to a gang of thieves ? The representative men who assembled at the Cooper Institute last week represented men of every shade of political opinion. Democrats and Repub licans sat side by side on the platform, cam palled to stand shoulder by the common danger that threatens them. The present Democratic Mayor, William H. Grace, presided, and immediately around him on the platform were men who represented not less than one hundred and fifty millions of the taxable property of our city. New York is thoroughly aroused to her danger. One man in our midst bonsts that he carries 60,000 solid votes in his pocket. With these 60,000 votes he not only rales the politics of the State of New York, but of the entire United States. He dictates to the national convention, and they must either obey his behest or pay the penalty of defeat. The autocrat of Russia is not more supreme from the Volga to the Ural Mounlains than John Kelly is in the city of New York ; and to-day New York rises in rebellion against the autocrat. The new coalition may be called the committee of public safety, and the election day will show whether Win. M. Tweed is dead or has only been Bleeping. The better elements of Democracy are thoroughly aroused, and it may possibly be demonstrated in November that some good may come out of Nazareth. The Keenans, the O'Briens, the Kcllya, and MoLaughlins may oast lots for the spoils, but on the day of election the people may take a hand, and it would not be surprising if the State was smashed to atoms. The movement now on foot is entirely unpartiaan. Demo crat∧ Republicans, Oreenbaekera and Pro hibitionists , have all fallen into line j a com mon danger has cemented the bond of union, so don't be surprised to hear that New York has vindicated its right to an honest Govern ment. And now I trust that we have seen for some time at least, the last thieves' carnival. Take it full and bye, as a sailor wonld say, a mil lion of dollars has been taken out of New York by the various walking xratches. Ten millions of .dollars would not recompense us for the degradation and demoralisation which they have brought upon our city ; these with the brutal Sullivan exhibition that New York paid $20,000 to aee, have left such an entail ment of infamy on us that a generation will pass before the stain will be hlotted out. The effect of the walking and boxing exhibitions is particularly seen on our hoys and young men; and while eveiy newspaper pop-gun is pointed at Oscar Wilde, it would be well if some of our young sprigs who now travel an their muscle, would take lessons in gen teel behaviour from this English aesthete. One thing about Oscar Wilde* he is ever and | always a gentleman i if he wears knee-hreeches J and long hair, hfi only does what all the I great men of the revolution did, those that did not wear their own hair long, wore horse-hair wigs, and we would be veiy sorry to put Washington, Adams, Lafayette, and John Hancock down as fools because they wore their hair in what we consider a ridicu lous fashion. This is a free oountry ; or at least we suppose it is, and yet we are trj'ing to make laws how a man shall oomh his hair. A woman could wear a cabbage on top of her head, and if that woman happened to be Mrs. Langtry, before twenty- four hours had passed you would see such a boom in cabbage, that they would be regularly called on the Stock Board ; but if a man st-eps a little out of the beaten track, men jump for him like a pack of mad dogs; and this puts me in mind of the new fall hats. We have had many vagaries in hats—big hats and little hats, bats with wide rims, and hats with no rims at all, but for utter absurdity, thorough tomfoolery, and general cussedness, we have had nothing like the humor of the latest fall style of soft hats. The brain that conceived them and the hands that manufactured them should be oansigned to an immortality of infamy; the getter-up of the original design should be condemned to wander through Hades for ever with one of these wool abominations on hiB head, and every aesthetic ghost that he passed should shy a brick at him till there was nothing left but the head and the hat, and they should be stuck up on a pole as an eternal horror and warning. It is not Tie :esBary to say that the divine Englishwoman will be a success, not as an actress, but oh my! well, as I was going to say—well she is- she is—um—ah—ob, you should see her, you really should; oh my! buttercups and daisies covered all over with honeydew, sweet-smelling sassafras, with mignonette and verbena, button-hole bouquets and marigolds, and all sorts of pretty and nice smelling things; that is Mrs. Langtry. It is worth something to look at her picture; but to see the original, well—five dollars s dirt cheap. It is the highest economy to ook at such a woman ; for six months aftei •eeiog her tile very thought of her weald ■sweeten jour tea and make yon think u Iriih potato was a pineapple or a banoana. What will become of the boys when she comes oat in short dresses I don't know. It is not only the fellows, but the girls are crazy; girls with arms like sticks of sealing was are wearing tight fitting Jeroies, the thinner they are the more they desire to show their shape; for the same reason I suppose that a particularly homely woman never wears a veil, sad one exceedingly pretty delights in hiding her face. But the Langtzy craze will have its run, and some new divinity will make even the English beauty forgotten. It is an immense season for theatres. Everything appears to draw. Don't imagine that all New York is under the chariot wheels of Langtry. There are plenty of people here who think that Theo, the bright particu lar star of the opera bouffe, could double dis count her, and then give her fifty points in the game; and then Theo can act, and ehe can sing like a nightingale, and she can danoe ; eo she has taken the hearts of our French citizens by storm. Brooklyn is stirred to its innermost depths. Dr. Henry M. Storrs, who has been the very cornerstone of orthodox Congregationalism for more than a generation, has turned his back on the City of Churches to bury himself in a little country church in the suburbs of Newark. The shock Is more severe, for it was only a few months ago since his congregation pre sented him with $40,000. In addition to the large salary he has been receiving, which is one of the largest paid to any minister in the United States, it would seem as if a present of this magnitude might claim some gratitude ; but it is evident that Dr. Storrs takes a dif ferent view of the case, so having got the money he now seeks retirement and ease. It is whispered that he is a disappointed man. When the attempt was made to crush Mr. Beecher, Dr. Storr gave his sanction and support to the disreputable work. In common with many other people, he thought it was possible to dethrone the Plymouth pastor; they made a grand mistake, and since the miscarriage of the attack on Mr. Beecher, Dr. Storrs has been dissatisfied with Brooklyn. He seemed to think that if he took snuff all Brooklyn ought to sneeze, but they did not, and finding that Mr. Beecher was more popular since his new departure than he was before (if that be possible), he resolved to shake the dust from his shoes and leave Brooklyn to its destruction. Dr. Storrs is a great man, a ripe scholar, and orthodox Chris tian, and one of most eloquent pulpit orators i in America. His departure is a serious loss ! to Brooklyn, and Orange may consider itself fortunate to secure the services of a preacher who has few peers in the United States. Misfortunes never come singly. On the top of the news of Dr. Storrs' departure comes the resignation of another eminent divine, the Rev. Henry M. Scudder. His resignation struck his congregation like a shock of light ning, and well it might, for no man in Brook lyn was more popular than the Rev. Henry M. Scudder. He comes from a race of gospel soldiers who have] for more than half a century stood in the van of the army of Christ Jesus. The Scudder brothers have fallen at their posts in various lands, fighting the battles of the Lord. The Brooklyn pastor passed his early life in India as a missionary, and it was there that most of his children were born. He oame to California from India in 1865, and took a weak little congregation, and In a few months he had built it up till they were compelled to erect a new church to hold the multitudes that came to hear him. He had hardly got settled in bis new church before the health of his wife failed, and he was compelled to leave San Francisco. It was a bitter disappointment to his con gregation, who had learned to love him, and, though years have passed, his place has never been fully suplied. When hec&meto; Brooklyn, twelve or thirteen years ago, he again took & small congregation on the outskirts of the city; again he built up an immense congregation, and erccke i and paid for one of the finest churches in the city. Connected with Dr. Scuider's departure there is nothing but grief, for his blameless life has left him without an enemy. In ail the religious troubles of this goodly city no one has heard the name of Henry M. Scudder. Wto he leaves he goes forth wherever the Lord may Lead him, with the blessing and love of alii uses. The Park theatre fire cost $180^000. It was a grevious disappointment, but the parties most intimately, concerned take it as cool as | cucumbers. New York is blessing its lucky stare that the fire toot place when it did, for . if it had occurred three hours later the loss of life would have beeu fearful. The house would have been packed from pit to dome, and escape would have been impossible. The nomination by Tammany Hall of Harry Genert for Alderman is one of the most dis graceful things that has been done in New York since Tweed was elected to the Senate with a penitentiary sentence hanging over : him. Harry has served bis sentence in the I penitentiary, has worn bis striped suit and i cropped hair; the aroma of State's prison is [ about him, but Tamnsvmy thinks this is good I material enough for a New York Alderman. It may find out differently on election day. j The city is full of strangers, hotels crammed, 1 stocks ragged, but honest business booming. 