-1 LVATT.ONAllMY WEDDING. One of the quaintest religious ceremonies over witnessed was performed at the Salvation Anny barracks, Wellington-street, Collmgwood, on Wed nesday evening, (says the Daily Ttlcyraph) the occasion being the marriage of two of these well-meaning Christian soldiors to two of the "daughter* of tliu regiment." The union wm an nounced to take place at seven o'clock, but long before that time the barracks were literally packed. A charge of sixpence was imposed upon those seek ing admission, the result being that the meeting was freo from larrikins. There must havo been between 1,000 and 1,000 persona prosent, women predominating. Almost every man had a lluwor in his coat, and all the women carried bouquets. At halT-past six the proceedings commenced with tho singing of hymns with that characteristic vigor whose onorgy compensates for any lack of melody. ; Precisely at soven o'clock tho happy pair wore ushered in and took their seats upon the platform, tho brides upon the right of tho Kov. Mr. Horsley and Major Barker, who officiated, and tho bride grooms upon tho left. The ladios wore young and decidedly prepossessing in appearance, although the sombre cn<tume of tho army was not calculated to enhance their charms. They wore the black dresses and quaint bonnets of tho Hallelujah lasses, the only departure from the usual costumo being a white wedding favor upon the left breast. Thoir names were Miss Elizabeth Polglasc, a native of Tasmania, and Miss Carrie Stevenson, the daughter of a farmer near Kerang. They wore to be married rospoctively to Capt. Phillips, hotter known as "the happy Welshman;" and Cadet Foley, of Fitzroy. Tiie latter has no dis tinguishing nickname. Ho is a fine stalwart young fellow of tho artisan typo, and, it is said, had been a shoemaker " with a bad record" until ho joined the army and reformed. After several hymns had been sung, and brief prayora had been offered, the couples were ranged on either nidu of tho Itev. Mr. Iiorsloy, who wont through tho ordinary form of declaration re quired by law with each of tho parties. Major Barker thon explained to tho audionee and tho interested parties tho mituro of a Salvation Army marriage. It was not a union of worldly affection, lint a partnership for tho purpose ot doing tho good work, and promoting tho interests and ox tending tho influence of the army. Cries of ■" Hallelujah " and "God hless tho Army" resounded through the hall. The marriages made in tho army woro strictly under tho super vision of tho commanding officer. Before any engagement is entered into the parties communi cate with Major Barker, who, if he approves of the union as being likely to be to tho mutual welfare of the parties and the advancement of tho anny, consults with tho happy couple, and arranges tho date of the wedding. This courso had been followed in tho present instances, and the major expressed his hearty approbation of tho double event. Brides and crooms then knelt down, and each of them delivered a short address, to tho effect that tho marriages were being entered into solely for tho sako of the Lord. Cadet Foley, whose speech is rough, but unmistakably eloquent, began— "Oh Lord, this is a very serious matter," causing tho irreverent to forget tho solemnity of the occasion and burst into laughter. " Order 1" cried Major Barker, in his brusque way. " Don't let us havo any of that; it's not n thing to laugh at, and I tell you that you wouldn't laugh per haps if you were going to got married." The brides confined themselves to brief prayors ; and another hymn having been enthusiastically sung, Major Barker wont through tho usual form of' ceremony, commencing, " Wilt thou, etc.," inter polating to join in promoting and extending tho influenco of tho Salvation Army, before tho words of the usual formula "to havo and to hold, etc." When Cadet Foley was asked if ho would take Miss StevonBon for his wedded wife, ho exclaimed in a loud and energetic voico, " My word ! That I will!" " Then," said Major Barker, " Put on tho rings and I call upon all hero to witness that in tho namo of God tho leather, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and of tho Salvation Army, I declare you to bo man and wifo!" Tho name formula was repeated with tho second couplo, and then a scene followed that it is almost impossible to do justice to in print. Tho instant that Major Barker pronounced the second couple man and wifo, a mighty "Hallelujah ! God bless them !" rang through the building, and tho air became. literally darkened with bouquets. From tho audionco flowers poured in in an un ceasing vollsy; from tho raised seat3 at the back of tho platform, bunches, garlands, wreaths and coat flowers also literally rained down upon tho blush ing brides and tho happy grooms. So thick and heavy was the floral hail that tho clorpyman and those near him had to throw up their hands to protect themselves from tho deluge, though an occasional " Oh !" of pain told that a well-aimed bouquet had got through tho defonce, and landed, stalk first, upon the Rov. Mr. Horsley's ear. The enthusiasm was hysterical in its vehemence, and it culminated, when an energetic and bald-headed officer, a visitor from another diatrict, sprang from hi3 seat, and led off with one of the wedding songs selected for the occasion. The band struck up gaily, the people sang lustily, and when tho chorus was reached— Let tho bolls of lioaven ring, Lot tho happy soldiers sing, Every marriage-blessing bring ' While we bless the Lord I Bless tho Lord ! Bless the Lord! Bless tho Lord I Bless tho Lord! ; With our captain and bride ; Wo will bless the Lord. May His richest blessings flow : . On thorn both where'er they go, Till in heaven wo part no more." A thousand handkerchiefs of all colors were waved by tlio enthusiastic witnesses to the marriago ceremony. .Mothers danced their babies above their heads, keeping time to tho music, and, when anoecasionalrestaiforded .au opportunity, some of tho inspired soldiors filled up the space with a deafening "Hallelujah," There was none of the indiscriminate embracing and kissing attendant upon marriago ceremonies generally, and when tho uproar, tho flower-shower and tiie waving of handkerchiefs ceased, the newly-wed Hallelujah lasses took their seats demurely apart from their husbands as before the ceremony. „ A wedding hymn, " When wo arrive at home, was sung, and then the four parties to the cere mony respectively addressed those present to tho effect that thov were so happy, and were doing it for the sako of the Lord. Tliey felt certain that He would bless their union, and make them the means of reclaiming many sinners. All of them spoke with an earnestness that commanded respect in spite of tho rude and, at times, imgrammatical phraseology used. Major Barker followed with a characteristic address upon the good that the army was doing, aud referred to the unjustifiable arrest of Miss Booth in Geneva-, ur.d tho unfeeling re fusal ii'wa'tho part of the munieip.'tl authorities to allow tho aVmy to' march through the streets of Melbourne. Theconcludmghymn, " Hallelujah?" was sung to the repeated enthusiastic waving of tho thousand handkerchiefs, and the ceremony being over, the various members crowded round to congratulate the happy Welshman and- the re formed shoemaker, and their bonny-looking brides. The only wedding present vi.-iblo was » block of ice, in which a handsome bouquet of flowers had been frozen. This had been sent by an enthusiastic admirer, and remained upon the platform during the evening. Tho usual Salvation Army meeting was to be held at the barracks afterwards, but as Use at traction of the ovoning had been the wedding tho vast throng quickly dispersed aftor which the enthusiastic and baldheailed visiting captain de clared, . , , , " A grand financial success, that beats the churches all to fits." Tho proceeds taken at tho door go, it is understood, to swell the funds of tho Salvation Army, 