PBENTICE CHALLENGE CUP. QCEEN'S PARK. - Stanley V. Union.-These players may fairly claim, on the strength of this season's results, to be the first two clubs in rank, and they have for some time contemplated this match with much interest. Being mutually anxious for a trial of strength, the additional incentive that it was a cup match has brought the feeling of rivalry up to a red heat. They put into the field, it is presumed, the best elevens they have mustered yet. The Stanleys had .not one weak man, but their opponents .missed A. White, who, poor fellow, has played cricket in delirium. He has been laid up with fever, but how is on the road to recovery.. The other leading clubs having, doubtless on account of the terribly bad wickets where their matches wore to be played, cried theui off, there was a larger number of cricketer witnesses than usual, and the fair sex- bless their little hearts-by their presence, inspired the contestants with an ardent desire to do or die. We w.^re pleased to note that the applause from spectators appeared quite impartial-a most encouraging state of affairs for those concerned-who, if they notice that any meritorious action is so recognised by the pub lic, no matter on which side the deserving man may be, are in cited to a proper anxiety to excel. At its present stage, the Stanleys have rather the best of it. Union, 6i; Stanley, nine for 78, S. Jones and H. Smith still in. On the whole, the batting was above Brisbane average, and very many difficult balls were met with the full faeeof the bat. Yoller played a very upright innings for 25, and not only defended his position well, but displayed really good hitting power, and scored from nearly every loose ball. Some of his forward drives were very clean and well-timed, with plenty of force. Nevertheless, he was quite beaten by some balls, which, but for the imperfect state of the wicket, should have bowled him. Perkins, although less successful, played a true game, and has apparently dropped his cross-bat leg swipe. One of Hobbs's breaks was too much for him, and worked across the bat into the slips. Moffat showed fair style, but was enticed out to meet a leg break, missed it, and was speedily put hors de combat by Nettle. It was a treat to see the latter at work. He did not make a single mistake, and his quietus to Moli'at and Power and another try, which the umpire responded unfavourably to, were beauti fully clean and .quick. His success was unexpected, as he is only partially recovered from a severe illness. When at his best. Nettle has few equals.and fewer superiors in the colonies, and for the sake of Queensland cricket, we hope his hand will not lose its cunning nor his eye its ciuickness. A thorough good wicket-keeper is a phenomenon . many reach mediocrity, ' but fewreach so near Blackhain as the Stauley fieldsman. If he shows as good condition wheu we are able to put forward an intercolonial team to do battle for Queensland, he will be a regular stinging nettle to incautious batsmen. Scott fielded capitally at short-slip, made one most difficult one-handed catch, extended to his full length, and madie a desperate try for another, but could only touch it with his finger-tips. A. Goertz was also on the qui vive at point, and was well worth the position. The other Stanley fielding was mixed-some very fair, some indifferent. With the ball, Wearne was the favourite of Fortune, which permitted him eight wickets for 23 runs. Hobbsand Scott diviied the balance; their luck should have been better but for poor fielding. Nettle topped the Stanley scores with a good 13, Scott (run out in the fifth run from a sweet leg snick, and when playing well) 12, A. Goertz 12 (nicely), E. Goertz 9, et autrcs. Moffat went in very much for pace at first, mixing in an occasional slow with an off break, but slackened down a good deal. He was rather erratic in pitch. Perkins mixed his bowling a good deal also, and was very hard to judge. Power bowled fairly well-plenty of break, but lacking precision. Stanleys, usually even scoring must make it hard for the-skipper to set the order of going in. _ Although we don't know much about the game beyond captaining the family against the next door 18 in our back yard, we venture to advise him to shake the names up in a hat and draw for places. TTnion fielding was, with a few ex ceptions, good. More excitement is probably now felt between the teams than at first, as cricket experience Reaches us that a game is never won until it is lost; and it is still anybody's game. . ? The second elevens of Stanley and Union followed in their seniors' footsteps, and tackled one another at Toowong for a two-days' match. Cup match rules prevented either of the professionals, Sheridan or Medlow, from assisting the first elevens, so the juniors got the benefit. The locals went to bat first, and stopped in all the afternoon for 8t. Sheridan opened out very well for his new club with S3. His innings satisfied all on-lookers that he is a really good bat. Strangely"enough he received nearly all the bowling during the time he was in, and the leading trundlers suffered. P. Goertz put five Unions non est for 8-very cheap; he should try and get more at the same price. They continue the match to-day (Saturday), and the visitors have up-lxill work with such a formidable total before them. FORTITUDE VALLEY ELEVEN V. PETRIE TBRRACE.-At Pad dington last Saturday Petrie Terrace beat the Valley at cricket. Fortune once more smiled on the boys of the western suburb, and they won by 14 runs. The boys of the Vale did not seem to relish Bob Sueyd's deliveries. Silvester for the Valley bowled in his best form. It rained during the match a little. Scores : Valley, 32 and 22. Terrace, 46. They did not bat second in nings. Game decided by first innings. After' winning the Valley match the Terrace boya-just want to have another " go " at the second Stanleys, and see if they can't dress them down. Neill made 10 and 6, and Jimmy M'Master 1 and 8; A. Kelly, 9} and 0; Silvester, 6 and 3. For the Petrie Terrace, Floyd made 15. Wire in gully boys, and let Cricket flourish. The Cambridge and Oxford (not English University, but Brisbane) Clubs met at South Brisbane, and the Oxonians had to give way before the superior strength of Cambridge, who welted away at the leather for a total of 69 against 47 when the other side had all given up the ghost. Wright (14), Geddes (13), Fisher (11). and Graham (10), not out, show out respect ably for the C.C.C. The bowling on both sides was very fair. Cambridge fielding weak-too much humbugging about, instead of cricket. Don't be silly, boys! Messrs. M. D. Benjamin and Co.'s eleven scored 12 against Harris & Co., and Greenaway got 9 of them. We argue from this that many eggs must have been recorded-very eggs-aspe rating, no doubt, to their friends. Harris & Co. made 69, and Benjamin & Co. were only worth 26 in their second try. At South Brisbane, Our Boys gave the Alexanders a-lick-mg by an innings and 11 runs. That is what Our Boys should do; you won't lie our boys if you don't perform well. O.B., 69 (Mar tin 21 and Bradley 13); Alicks, 30 and 28 (none over 10). The Bail way and Customs Clubs went to Woogaroo on Satur day. Bo, gentle reader, not to stay-they have not got quite so bad as that-but to play against the Woogaroo Club. They also got licked, though they were only 4 short. Scores, 46 and 42. ROCKHAMPTON FIRE BRIGADE V. TOWN BAND.-The Band itti made it too hot even for such salamanders as the Brigadiers are, thanks to Bartlem's 63, not bad, in a total of 107. The Firemen only secured 48, F. Cheshire contributing one-half, and sundries, 11. Their occupation is putting out (fires), but they cannot effect the subsidence of the Town Band so easily. They must not feel too much put out themselves at the result. ' Zingari v. Albert match concluded, unfavourably for the Bohemians, by 26 runs. PARBURY, LAMB & RAFF V. APLIN, BROWN & Co.-Former, 78, latter (one man short), 38. The northern namesakes of one of our leading clubs showed the Almas the road. Stanley, 55; Alma, 16 and 37. Stewart & Hemmant's playors put the Courier through , at Kedron Park. Reid of the winners stopped the Courier's run ning, who say the errors they made were only typographical, and that they will more carefully revise their proofs of superiority before next meeting. Courier best bats were-Omond, 14!; Hamsnn, 12; and on the other side, Sauadevs, 19; Cooper, 14; and Grimes, 10. The Courier's urgent telegrams with the leather were supplied by Hamson jand. Cross. 