Life in London—Past and Present. AT THE SAVAGE CLUB. (Bell's Life.) "WHEN about a dozen of the original members were assembled in the place selected for their meetings, it became a question what the club should be called. Everyone in the room suggested a title. One said the 'Addison, another the 'Johnson,' a third the 'Gold smith,' and so forth; and at last, after wo had run the whole gamut of famous literary names of the modern period, a modest member in the corner suggested the ' Shakspeare.' This was too much for the gravity of one of the com pany, whose keen sense of humour enabled him, in the midst of our enthusiasm, to per ceive that we were bent on making ourselves ridiculous. 'Who are we,'he said'that we should take those great names in vain ? Don't let us be pretentious. If we must have a name, let it be a modest one—one that signifies as little as possible.' Hereupon a member called out, in a pure spirit of wanton ness, ' The Savage 1' That keen sense of humour was again tickled. 'The very thing !' he exclaimed. 'No one can say there is anything pretentious in assuming that name. If we accept Richard Savage as our godfather, it shown that there is no pride about us; if we mean that we are savi, why then it will be a pleasant surprise for those who may join us to find the wigwam a lucua a uon luuendo.' And so, in a frolicsome humour, our little society waa christened the •Savage Club." 1 Thus wrote Andrew Halliday, the first and last president of the Savage, in 1868, when the club was but ten years old. Already had several of its founders joined the majority, including the most illustrious of them, Robert Brough, the humorist alluded to by Halliday in the foregoing account of the origin of the institution. As I dawdled over the Savage Club papers in the rooms of the club on that particular Saturday afternoon, awaiting the arrival of Shimadzu and Mr. Dodder, my invited guests, I asked myself the question, Is anybody's history to be relied on ? Clear and succinct as Halliday's account is, its accuracy has been disputed. Few, alas! arc the founders of the club that remain, but, concerning the origin of their good fellowship, they are the reverse of unanimous. The point in dispute is interesting, and should be set at rest for ever. Whether the name of this club was borrowed from the brilliant ne'er-do-weel who wrote the famous line- No tenth transmitter of a foolish face, or whether the sponsorship of the bastard son of Lady Macclesfield was an afterthought, the first intention of the founders being (as some nave maintained) to establish a club of genial "Savages" or Bohemians, it is indisputable that, after a curiously chequered life of over a quarter of a century in duration, the club which began its existence in the upper room of an oyster shop in Vinegar-yard, Drury-lane, is alive. Still, awaiting the arrival of my two guests, I turn over tho leaves of those Savage Club papers for 1868-69, and straightway the present disappears and the past stands before me—the mirthful and melancholy past. How many of those leaves are dead 1 The hand that so ?[uaintly outlined the portraits in the rontispieco (poor dear Willy Brunton!) is dust, and not a few of the men who compose the whimsical group are no more. Halliday, Tom Robertson, Jeff Prowse, B. C. Barnes, Tom Hood, Walter Thombury, Jack Brough, " all, all are gone, the old familiar faces," and many others whose names are recorded in the annals of this unique club. In the table of contents of these same papers I find the names of Artemus Ward, Edmund Falconer, C. Furtado, John Oxen ford, C. H. Bennett, Gustave Dore", George Cruikshank, Ham Friswell, James Hannay, A. B. Houghton, Planche, Edward P. Hing ston, George Grossmith the elder, Mortimer Collins, and William Brough. But—here are my guests. Mr. Dodder's face beams with dignified de light. Until he passed the threshold of the club-house his attitude towards the institution was that of a lofty patron. Meeting the Earl, an old Savage and a true one, and finding that the Earl had not forgotten their former meet ing in New York, has taken all the starch out of him. Unfortunately for Mr. Dodder, or perhaps fortunately, his lordship is unable to remain. Shimadzu once encountered a Savage, that is to say, a member of the club, in Japan, whither he had voyaged to elovate the natives by means of a journal printed in the English language. I put him in the way of ascertain ing the present whereabouts of his former acquaintance. He finds to his sorrow that the enterprising journalist has joined the majority. It is possible during the twenty minutes at our disposal before dinner to inspect the pic tures and trophies with which the two rooms which belong to the club are adorned, to intro duce my gueste to several members of note, including the chairman, and to gossip histori cally about the institution. You will observe that the room we at pre sent occupy commands a picturesque view of a section of the Thames Embankment, with the main tower of the Charing-cross Railway Station, the Houses of Parliament, Cleopatra's Needle, the river, and the shot tower to the left, and Waterloo Bridge still further in that direction. The engine house of the Savoy Theatre is also included in the prospect. Measured by the strength of the language which is used in the club when the engine is In full blast, I should suppose it to be a steam demon of a thousand-horse power. There has not been a line of poetry dashed off in this tranquil retreat since the monster began to vibrate ; the political leader writers, shaken as they have Deen by the machinery, can scarcely call their principles their own; while the efforts of the vocalists are, from the same cause, as tremulous as the pearl (or diamond) in the eye of beauty when beauty deems it becoming to melt into tears. That dewy, Carot-like landscape is by an American painter, who has made this country one of his homes, and who is, of course, a Savage. Like the rest of the works on view here, it is a gift to the club. The seascape, on the same wall, is from the easel of a master in that line of art. If our mission were art criticism we might linger over the pictures and sketches; but it is not so. Having looked at a proof impression of "The Last Muster" and an etching of a head from the same donor (now in America, carrying on the work which Oscar Wilde began in that country), at that series of clever sketches in monochrome, at those charming studies, in water-colour, of a Day on the Thames, and the drawing of a famous Savage Club dinner, in which represen tation you will observe that a select assortment of celebrated Savages are in tho foreground, while every personal friend of the drafts man occupies a back seat, we will take a glance at the contents of the dining- room. What is that ? That is a model of the 80-ton gun made to scale. Even the toy looks formidable. The inventor is a Savage, for nowadays science, as well as literature and art, qualifies a man for membership. It was different when Halliday wrote the preface to the Savage Club papers. " The qualification for admission to our club is," said he, " to be a working man in literature or art, and a good fellow." This is the dining-room, which, as you ob serve, commands a complete view of the church and grave-yard of the Savoy. Such, I ought to say, would be the case were the view available, but it is not, owing to the construction of the windows- More works of art. Two fine life size figures in the corners (should not that word be niches or recesses ?), one of which is a Mar guerite, by Mr. Birch, A.R.A. No, sir. Mr. Belt is not a member. There are already eight A.R.A.'s who are members. A grand old-mas terish study by Mr. Fitzgerald, a finely-con ceived fruit piece, full of luscious beauty, by Mr. William Hughes; two of the landscapes, the head of a child, by Mr. Weedon Grossmith, and a bust of Tom Robertson, especially attract the notice of my guests, who are for renewing their inspection in search of new objects of interest when the members troop in, aud dinner i» served. The chairman is one of the fathers of tho club. If you examine the outline sketch before alluded to, Brunton's frontispiece to the "Papers," you will discern him in an attitude of obeisance, which is unnatural to him, on the right of the president. A descendant of the bird that left the ark is perched placidly upon the ornithologist's head. Ornithologist, indeed ! Naturalist, in the widest and deepest sense, would be the truer terra. Naturalist, bookworm, collector of prints and etchings, evolutionist (a friend of Darwin's), author, journalist, and, as Halliday expressed it, "good fellow." Near him is seated one who has probably a better right to be called one of the fathers of the club than he. If you were to ask Mr. Jonas Levy, the founder in ques tion, he would tell you that even before he was a Savage he was a member of the Reunion, from which every club in London of this description sprang, Mr. Levy has been a personage in the Bohemia of Art and Letters more years than I can reineml>er, and even now, no festive or benevolent gathering of the clans —no premiere —no movement to " benefit" an artist in any kind of need, would be considered complete without him. The first volume of the " Papers " was published to assist tho widow of an artist. In referring to that, Halliday says:—" The money was placed in the hands of Mr. Tom Hood and Mr. Jonas Levy, gentlemen whose names will be a full guarantee for its security and proper applica tion." " Who is the gentleman with the pray hair and beard, who is seated on the other side of the chairman ?" asks Shiraadzu. That is Dr. G. L. M. Strauss, "The Old Bohemian." He is a life member, like Messrs. F. Chatterton and Charles Milward. Poor E. C. Barnes was a life member. It is an honour that is bestowed on old members for various reasons, but chiefly in consideration of service rendered to the club. Dr. Strauss? Well, Shiraadzu, I should not feel surprised in the least to hear the accomplished doctor converse with you in the purest Japanese. He is a doctor of medicine, a linguist of rare range, a traveller, an author, a— a— a— conspirator (at least he was a conspirator), a war correspon dent, a novelist, and a scientific cook; and he once catered for the Savage Club ! "The gentleman who has this moment taken his seat, is it not " Yes, Mr. Dodder, it is Mr. Barry Sullivan. A noble Savage, sir, in tho most clubable sense of the terra. And the other late comer, who takes a vacant seat by the side of the only sur vivor of a brilliant band of brothers, is Mr. J. L. Toole. It is scarcely necessary to observe that the survivor in question is Lai Brough. Lai is, as usual, running over with good stories. What was I going to say ? Oh, it was the word " cater" that put it into my head. The Club, as you may be aware, has led a nomadic life. Twice it was located at Ashley's Hotel in Henrietta- street, and it has also been housed in two separate places in Oovent Garden. On the opposite side of the Garden, for a time at the Gordon Hotel, under the Piazza, and for a time at Evans's, now the home of the Falstaff Club. Prior to those periods, if I am not mistaken, the Club had occupied premises either in Wellington-street or Catherine-street, I forget which. From Evans's the Club migrated to Haxell's in the Strand, thence to the Caledonian Hotel in Adelphi- terrace, and, finally, to its present quarters. But, the dinner is at end. After allowing the waiters the slightest possible time to perform the ceremony which is described in reports of public banquets by the term remov ing the cloth, the chairman rises, and, striking the table sharply in front of him with a knob kerry, exclaims — " Gentlemen, you may smoke." This, and the announcement of the chairman for the following Saturday evening, are the only speeches allowed the president or anyone else, except on very special occasions. The president reviews his forces with an experi enced eye, and immediately proceeds—if the terra may be used—to trot them out. There are gentlemen present who will shortly have to leave to fulfil engagements at the theatres. They must contribute, to begin with, to the amusement of the assemblage. There are others, again, who will have to take their places in the band of the Italian Opera; they must follow the actors in the chairman's programme. Both Messrs. Toole and Brough respond to the call on their resources—which are not small —without the slightest demur. They are perfectly and joyously at their ease, and it is the most appreciative audience in the world. The actors are not the only men who must vanish early. A veteran member of tho club has also arranged for an almost instant depar ture. He must "go away." He is arrested in his adroit attempt to reach the door unob served, and fined by the chairman in the sum of—one song. No group of men who have done good work in letters and art within the borders of Bohemia during the past twenty or thirty years would be complete which did not include him in the picture. He has enjoyed the friendship of some remarkable men. Albert Smith and he were intimately asso ciated. Nicholson, the gifted artist who played the part of a painter's as well as sculp tor s ghost to Count d'Orsay, was, with Sheeres the engraver, his bosom friend. There was no visitor Mortimer Collins loved better. His connection with literature and art and their professors, long and loving as it has been, like that by reason of or in spite of which Bernard Barton and Charles Lam band Rogers in various degrees impressed the age, blends pleasantly with the duties of his profession. And I may say in regard to the sterner business of his life that his advice is always freely at the disposal of a Savage or Bohemian brother. His genius for song-writing, like Mr. Godfrey Turner's, is not of this age ; it belongs to a period when humorous songs overflowed with humour, a.nd ooraio songs were funny. He will take a frag ment of an old ditty, as Burns caught up the rags of lyrics which were floating about Scotland, and weave into it stanzas which no Walpole of a critic would be able to distinguish from the original. As for his forgeries, they arc delicious! I have in luy possession a Catnachian ballad, words and woodcut by the same hand, which, but for the real humour of the thing, would pass for an original. It is called " The Field of Waterloo," and this is a ■ample i— Then Bony out, and as they say, ho couldn't act his trans uway; But loft behind hia spoons and forks, all silvor and quite now. Ho left bohind each pot and pan, and one lmmenso potato can, With lots of nmrflcß ready baked, and coppers not a few, His osoifors orled, "Sore Kee poo"—that's French for out your luoklea, do, I have walloped Bonyparty on the field of Water loo. You will observe that the carolist, who really wants to go, is halting between two opinions a« to whether he should give us a ditty which he thinks most suitable, or one of the half-dozen which arc bcin" asked for in different parts of the room. "Vandyke Brown!" You hear that ? An artist, I'll be bound. One who has probably heard that comic piece of an imagi nary painter's autobiography at a supper of the students of the Royal Academy ? How does it run? I painted once a cow and calf, the hide as soft as silk. When I stuck it in the window folks came in to ask for milk t I put it up to auction, but I could not knock it down, Such firmness and such vigour in my Vandyke Brown I Tumor, Ktty, Landscor, Lance, or any man May paint away according to a special fancy plan; Bat tho war to paint a picter that'll put 'em down Is to scrumble in your shadows with your Van dyke Brown. " Hoop de dooden do!" You hear that ? A humorous song about the Waterloo Bridge tragedy, as it was called. Mr. Dodder remembers, and recounts the history of the discovery of that basket full of human remains, and what followed after, for the instruction of Shiraadzu. Ah, well, that is not the song. He doubtless considers the inci dent a little out of date. It is, but there is one stanza, a description of a certain kind of police evidence, that will always be fresh. They hadn't found his dying groans, There was no initials on his bones, Which clearly proves his name was Jones. Hoop de dooden doo. At length the suppliants are satisfied. To that quaint old ditty. " Farewell, and adieu to you, Spanish ladies, the singer will presently troll forth, " I'll sing of a brave, though an unrecorded hero," and, my friends, you are not made of penetrable stuff, if the genuine humour of the ballad fail to tickle you. Mr. Dodder and Shiraadzu are tickled, and their laughter is, as it should be, hearty. They join in the universal clamour for another song, but the singer relents not. He "goes away." The two leading flutes of the two great opera houses, in a cordial duet; our greatest violinist, a splendid artist, who has played " Mister" against " Signor and " Herr ? " and won, in a solo ; several pianistes, including Theodore, of Kensington, whose aptitude at accompani ment is marvellous; a tenor from Ireland, another from Yorkshire, ami a third from the banks of the coaly Tyne; the most majestic basso the midland counties ever produced; and the inventor of "Nancy Lee, together with the irreverent lyrist who found in that immortal ballad materials for a travestie, in turn obey the behest of the chairman, and keep the entertainment going. Several new-comers, who are welcomed with a cheer. The time for "The Tinkler's Wed din'" is not yet The singer is always ready, but he has just left "business" at the Vaude ville, and so he and his friend George, a visitor, and Fred, another visitor, must be allowed breathing time, while the bard of Cockaigne is driven to the piano. Ah ; me, time has thinned those flowing locks of thine, Henry, since—but never mind ! Suffice it to say that neither the sketch in the Savage Club Papers, nor that in the left-hand corner of the cover of " Gillott and Goosequill," both by Brunton, Suite represent the bard before us now. Yet, me cannot wither, nor custom stale, the infinite variety of his humour; and his wit, like a woman's tongue, has grown the sharper for using. He sings " The Intoxicated Fly," without the chorus which Mr. Farnie added, and " The Twins," with the unpublished verse. The "study" which follows delights Shi madzu exceedingly, it reminds him of his native land. One of the three men best known in London for their political cartoons appears, makes his bow, and then goes through a series of featsof juggling, nu'ntuthecups, plates, daggers, rings, &c;, which the jugglers of the circus and the pavement so deftly manipulate. It is a splendid piece of pantomime, full of varied grace, and humorous withal, and it evinces the most painstaking study of the type of performer represented. With a mockery of the intensely tragic that is Robsonian, the only Odell recites the legend of the lonely inn. Tis a weird story, that story of how the ancient Puddicorabe was booted to death in the watches of the night hard by Wood's hotel, and verily 'tis eerily told. Shiraadzu is not sure whether he ought to laugh or shrivel up with terror. He recovers himself, however, when, in response to the de mand for more, the actor arranges his unequal hair, and in the quaintest fashion assumes the character of Launce, and gravely lectures his disobedient dog. One of the late-comers I have mentioned "made off to the door" during the lull which succeeded the applause that greeted the impersonation of Launce. He was arrested by a shout—"Tinkler's Weddin'! Tinkler's Weddin'! The Undaunted Femalo ! The Undaunted Female !" " Which is it to be, Mr. Chairman?" Mr. Chairman solves the problem by bidding his interlocutor haste with convenient speed to the wedding. I am, there fore, deprived of the pleasure of watching the effect of the ballad of the Undaunted One on my friend, Mr. Dodder. Would the opening of that tale of female heroism- It's of a fair young damsel who in London did dwell, For wit and for beauty none could her excel. '£r master and 'er mistress she scrv-ed seven yc-ar. And what follows after you quickly shall hear. have thrilled him? Perhaps not. Mr. Dodder, I fear, has no taste for the higher form of lyric. However, the singer is going ahead with the " Tinkler's Weddin'," heart and soul, as well as voioe, in the work, and his energy is contagious. By the time he reaches "The hills and dales did gladden, O," every foot in the room (including Shimadzu's) is ndgin' to beat time to the tune. At length the room gets its opportunity, and, ye gods 1 what a chorus! Sing darron a doo, a doo, a doo! Sing darron v doo, a daddon, 01 Sing darren a doo, a doo, a doo! Hurrah! tho Tinklor's Woddtn", 0 \ At the close of ,tho weddin' Shimadzu is as hoarse a.s a crow, a.nd there is oven a suspicion of huskiuoss about Mr. Dodder's phrases. He has been taken captive by that marvellous chorus, Tho captious critic, in his own inimi table way, relates an anecdote of how a priest in a disaffected district denounced agrarian outrages from the altar; one of the visitors beforcmentioned sings "Allan Water" and " She Wore a Wreath of Roses" as those ballads should be sung: another visitor, on whom the mantle of John Parry has descended, takes the piano completely into his confidence, and the pair of them tell the tale of Tell: an Irish gentleman, with a singularly English accent, recites " Sharaus O'Brien}" a Scotch gentle* man tells a humorous story of a first visit to the theatre ; other pieces follow, and our night at tho Savage comes to a close. En routti to the door in the corridor over which the portrait of Artemus Ward mounts guard, we mot and exchanged greetings with not a few notable Savages. With the inde fatigable honorary secretary, of course, and also with one of the heads of the chess world, who is an active force in the club—as he lias a Sood right to be; with the first of war correspon ents and several specials, including two who have served their country, not upon the trom bone, but upon sketch-books, in many a distant field of battle. On great nights, for example, when wo dine with H.R.H. the Prince of Wales or the Lord Mayor (who are members), the Savages can make quite a conspicuous dis play of medals. It is on those occasions, too, that the wido popularity of the club is exhi bited. Men who have, from one cause or another, seceded from the Savage Club and formed associations of their own, are so deeply imbued with the old Savage spirit that, at the bidding of the Lord Mayor, they come forth and eat salt with their former comrades in a manner that is touching to behold. 