gata ^ Criminal Cenrts. SUPREME COURT.—CRIMINAL SITTINGS. THIS DAY. TUESDAY, JUNE 19. [Before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut and Juries.] The Crown Solicitor (Hon. C. Mann, Q.C.) prosecuted. BURFOBD'S CASE. Mr. Mann said I have again to make my application in the case of. the Queen v. Burford to enter a verdict of guilty. His Honor—I have thought over what took pla* place yesterday, and I will hear your objections; but I won't have the matter aiguea now. Mr. Symon—I only meant to trouble your Honor as to the form in which the matter might subsequently be brought on for argument. It seems to me that the best thing that can be done is for your Honor to direct a verdict as your Honor may think fit on the special finding, and then reserve the case for the opinion of the Supreme Court, and reserve judgment or respite sentence until the case is determined. His Honor—Of course by entering np judgment I shall not pass sentence. . ,, Mr. Symon'—That was how the matter was dealt with in the case mentioned by Mr. Mann yesterday. But I have a later case than that—The Queen v. Berry(1 Q.B. Div.447). ,, , His Honor—Was thai a case of felony! Mr. Symon—Yes. ,, „ . • His Honor—In the case of a felony the verdict wonld have to be received *wless the error appeared on the record. I shall resuinethecase at once, but then there is the other point as to the Sewers Act, and if you are right in that of course the verdict will not stand, and the defendants wonld have to go free;.bat if, on the other branch of the case, I was to find the verdict equal to nothing there would have to be a new trial. It would not be fair to the Crown that I should put yon in any better position by reserving a case than if you were allowed to take yuur own course and move. I should reserve the case somewhat in this shape—that the conviction shall be quashed if you are right in your interpretation of the Sewers Act, and that there shall be a new trial if yon are right in the interpretation of the verdict of the Jury. , Mr. Symon—We shall contend that the verdict is one of not guilty, and it is not necessary that it should be put in that way in the case. I would direct your Honor's attention to Archibald's Practice, 177 and 178, Verdict and Judgment, where it is stated that the Jury have a right in all criminal cases to find a special verdict, a*d it goes on on to to say—" say- Where . _ a _ verdict _ is so im- perfect that no judgment can be given upon it a venire de novo may in misdemeanours be awarded, and EJSO, notwithstanding previous doubts, upon the subject in cases of felony."! His Honor—The verdict is open to three constructions clearly. First, it is a verdict of guilty; secondly, not guilty; and thirdly, that it is so imperfect that a new trial must take place; and I mean to reserve the case eo that the Court may deal with it as it is advised. They need not quash the verdict, hut may send the case down for new trial. I think this is a verdict of guilty, and I shall direct the Associate to make the following entry:— " Thereupon, after hearing counsel, His Honor directs a verdict of guilty, and promises to reserve a case on the point of entiy of verdict, and also on the point raised by Mr. Bnndey on the Sewers Act, but so that theCovjtisto have liberty to enters verdict of not guilty or to send the case for a new trial as it thinks neceseary." The defendants were bound over in their o> 4 reoognizances or £50 each to appear when called on. LIBEL. Frederick Uotrcie Idnklater, barrister, was charged with having written and caused to be published a libellous article in the Gawler Bunyip of March 23 last, bavins reference to Moss Samuel Solomon, a member of the Volunteer Force. The article was headed " Town Talk, by Pelts," and was as follows: —" .Some considerable time ago, not in the days when piratical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the theatre Royal, - and legs and champagne nsed occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes,- a daring but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of ' sheeing srhometings for nodings, tea tear.' With this end iu view the gentleman in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of flnger-n&ils;, obtained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. MacdoBal *s stabling, from which vantage ground he had an nninterrupt.ed vi?w of the undrsoed window of the room wherein certain ur.d.-aped young ladies were hi the lialit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully-did h« gaze on the picture -which met >'is sight, until, in an illstavre.'l mt'iueit a brother tomcat uplifted hisvoice in a minor key at his elbow? The sonnd attract J i' attention of a - ".ore than usually undraped ny.jyh, and a terrific sc-eam announced to the hopeless intruder that liis dazzling shirt fron- - id {.-littering diamond studs had been ' shotted.' \ .iioly 'ie strove to make his way to terra firina ! T3i!. ;erve,i and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from which piriious position he was rescued by the stage manager and property man. But his troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too! They took him to their dressing- room, and having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready powder pnfis, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion the old man raised his eyes and his hands and exclaimed, 'Holy Moses! ish dat a ghost or a rolling-pin.' . . . Now, ymi would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia,, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with geutleiaen. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for." This having been read, The defendant pleaded that he was not guilty; that Moss Samuel Solomon was and had been for a long time and still is a non-commissioned officer of the V.M.F., and had applied for promotion: that the matters in the alleged libel were true in substance and ?n fact; and that the said M. S. Solomon did indecently attempt to look upon certain females -«hile more or less unclothed, and in the act of dressing themselves, and was treated as in tbe alleged libel described.. Defendant further said that at and before publishing he was and had for a long time been a public writer in the public press of the province, and it became and was his duty as such public writer, and it was for the public benefit, that the matters charged in the alleged libel should be published, for the purpose of affording information to the public on matteis of a public nature affecting the good rppnte, efficiency, and respect amongst their fellow colonists of the ID embers and officers of ;the V.M.F., and for the furtherance and advocacy of public morality and decency ; and in accordance with the premises the defendant so wrote and published the alleged libel for the public benetit, and without malice; and on those pleas he prayed to he dismissed and discharged. Mr."Smith appeared, with Mr. Mathews^ for .the defence. 1 he counsel for the defendaat intimated that the pleas had been iiled, and amounted to justification and not guilty. "Witnesses were ordered out of Court The Crown Solicitor, in opening the case, related the circumstances of Solomon bavins gone np for a commission, and remarked that it was app^reut tha£ the statements contained in the written matter, divested of tbe inuendoes contained therein, amounted to a reflection upon the character of the prosecutor. He read the law of libel and the penalties thereto attached for biea£h. Defendant had pleaded " the truth," and therefore the identity of the prosecutor with the person referred to in the article would not be denied. He read the paragraph complained of. and said that if the paragraph was not calculated to hoid a person up to ridicule and contempt he did not know what was. For any one to have such disgusting tastes and ideas as to ciimb np to see women in a state of semi-nudity was contemptible and caddish. A man who "could do that would be a contemptible cur and a cad. and not fit to associate with houest men, or to bold a commission in H.M. VoluDteers. The wrbing was of a kind known as semi-humourous, but, unfortunately, a great deal of Utitude was allowed to writers of that kind of matter no w-a-days. It was a ^serious thing to come and say that such a thing was true in substance and in fact. Tt ^-vs a serious thing to undertake to justify it. Michael John Stasleton, bootmaker, Gawlt-, was (he first witness called for the Crown, and iiavtj evidence as to the purchase of a Bunyip contaimnc tbe libel, and sending it to M. J. Solomon, at his request. Wm. Barnet, printer, editor, and proprietor of the Bunyip, said defendant wrote the article. By Mr. f-mith—Had coutdderable experience as a newspaper man. Mr. Smith was abant to ask whether witness, as an editor, would not consider it a fair thing to comment upon the matter referred to ; but the Judge a«kt>d what that had to do with the case. Mr. isuiitli—lie is an expert. But the tiling is so patent. The Judge—Tes, it is patent. E. J. Cox, solicitor, produced the following letter from defendant:—"Messrs. Wadey & Cox. Daar i^irs—In answer to your letter of to-day, I beg leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behrlf of Mr. Barnett to give up the name of his correspondent. Tbe condition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own of 27th, viz., that if Mr. Barnett disclosed tbe name of his correspondent he would be freed from the proceedings which you threatened in case he did not do so. My embodiment of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repetition, and as Mr. Barnett's attorney complied with, your original request, for which comuliance yon extended the time in your interview with me and Mr. Mathews, I now therefore announce to you that the Town Correspondent of the Bvrtyip, who writes under the name of Pelts, and who wrote the article of the 23rd March, was myself, ;-nd I beg leave to add that an account of the occurrence in the rear of the Theatre was published in *.he Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Sulcmon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire also to add that I myself witnessed tbe whole affair, including the punishment inflictfcd by the ladies, and was an amused spectator of the ghostly result. If your client, animated after two years by a sudden access of selfrespect, is so ill-advised as to proceed, I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them ; and I have no hesitation in saying, from my knowledge of the army and tbe volunteers (in a distinguished corps of which I have served), that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force, and to the public, tbat l espoctable citizens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in tbe Seld without the force and the public being both made well aware of it. Yours, &C.;—FEED. HAKVIE LINK LATER." Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, gave evidence as to his position in B Battery of Artillery, tbe application of the paxagraoh to him, and that the statements therein contained were wholly untrue. By Mr. Smith — Was first told of the existence of tbe article by Major Solomon. Had been spoken to about it. There was no chaff about ii Was joked about something similar—referring to what appeared in tbe Bulletin. A novnt was here raised as to whether Mr. Smith could put the Bulletin in. Mr. .Smith sought to have it read, but the Judge said if be could show tliat the prosecutor accepted the mticle in the liuUvtin, then the paper could be put 'ii. Prosecutor said he did not regard the article as meant for him. Prosecutor said Sergeant Llilywhite chaffed him about the affair. Omp'-a-intu of it, us tlie chalf got too much to be aj. - rt:eahle. Mr. Smith—Were you in Lillywhite.s presence joked about looking at girls dressing, and being pc.ulered and piurisned? Witness—I was. 1 did not do anything tojustify a brother officer saving I gloried in it. Beeeived a letter from the Lieutenant-Colonel to the t.-.afl, that I could not be made a commissioned orliter unless I cleared myself cf the imputation. Was not on the roof on the night in Question. Never went fnrtber than the Rape door, 'flavo been near the stables. Never told any one that I had b6en on the roof. Kave said that 1 knew some of the " six officers." Never boasted of improper intimacy with them. Remember Lena Carey, but cannot remember ever having boasted of improper intimacy with her. The Crown Solicitor objected to the turn the crossexamination was taking. , ... ... Mr. Smith said—I am going, to show that this young man is not worthy ofcredit. The Crown Solictor—Is -it material to know of the amours of this young mail supposing he has any It i is is not nuii material iiiawmu to w the iiue issue. isaue. . , . Mr. Smith—If I show that a roan who boasted of these things is unworthy of credit. ' His Honor—I will not allow you to call a witness to say that he did boast of these things. Mr! S^tM"orderto" s how^tl^Be''icceptedthe accusation and boasted of it? His Honor—If you put it in that way; bnt you did not. , , . , . I Witness-I never boasted of being on the;roof and I ^ C ^ ' - M ^ of my bother officers have nicknames also, I never boasted of anything further than knowing the girls. The chaffing was continuous down to the present proceedings. If several of my brother I officers says I gloriejl taji,£nd ^j^denyj^they j speak untruths. Got Mis. Ford to write a letter after thejartacle in the Bunyip- Said some/raeelse was on. the roof, and from the description and the direction in which he lived that it was a. person named Isaacs. Suggested the name of Isaacs to Mrs. Ford. There were two brothers, and this was the elder. First thought it might be Isaacs after the article in the Bunyip. .. , , His Honor — Were you ever on the roof of the Theatre Royal onder any circumstances, looking at ladies dressing ? Witness (emphatically)—No; naver. Major Francis Downey, R.A., Colon^Cfommandant wit. of the S.A. Forces, deposed . to prosecutorjroing . ^^ ^ „ l up for and passing an examination, but that ne was not recommended for a commission. Saw the article in the Bunyip, and had not the slightest doubt that it- referred to Sergeant Solomon. Cut the article out, and sent it to Lieutenant- Colonel Mathews, intimating that unless there was pnblic contradiction he could not recommend Sergeant Solomon, for a commission. I hsard of the matter previously privately, but from a member of tbe force. _ ' .. , ,„ Major Solomon, of B Battery, deposed that the article referred to Sergeant Solomon. Had not, before he saw the article, heaid of the matter ref erring to Sergeant - Solomon, Something appealed in the BvMetin. - G. Cahill, the stage carpenter, deposed that the. " man on the roof was given into his charge by Mr. McDonald's oatler, and he handed him over to Mr. Wallace. Could not say tbat prosecutor (as he now appeared) was the man. Did not believe he was. He might have been disguised. The man had hair on his face. Had seen Solomon before, but did not think he was the man; the man limped. Prosecutor, recalled, said he had shaved bis whiskers more than once. . Sophia Ford, one of the members of the Tambour Major Troupe,.said she was present durmg the operation ef whitewashing, but prosecutor was not BvMr^Smith—Saw the man broueht down; it was quite light. The people were all crowding round him. 1 saw who it was, and thought his name was_ ^aca —the son of Mr. Isaacs, who kept a clothing shop in Hindley-street. The name was in every ones mouth. Wonld swear that the man who was whitewashed was the man they called Isaacs. Had seen him standing outside the stage-door, and ontside the shop. C S I T l H. K. Peachey, stage waiter, said the man was whitewashed in the passage of the Theatre. Prosecutor was not the man. Assisted in the " whitewashing," which was done as the man was running away—hie "running the gauntlet." Witness was closely cross-examined by Mr. Smith as to his knowledge of prosecutor's personal appearance, but could not speak positively as to the way he wore his hair. T. H. C. D. Stockley, supermaster at the Boyal, detai' ; : he circumstances of the ordeal at which Lea?s ; .-U-l. The man was much stouter than prosecutor, -ih fair side whiskers and moustache; Prosec^.^f was certainly not the man. In answer to Mr. Smith, the witness said the man had an overcoat on. The occurrence was near the end of tbe second act. The wife of last witness was called, and said the prosecutor was not the man. She was not very close to him during the powdering. The man was short, stout, with fat features and slightly bow-legged, with red whiskers. Annie Smith, one of the company, said the man was like a Jew, with dark hair. (Isaacs was here called in, but witness said he was not the man.) This closed the case for the Crown. POLICE COURTS. ADELAIDE : MONDAY, JUNE 18. Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., W. Atkinson, .J.P., John Bounsevall, J.P., andfiF. J. Bradford. J.P.] Java O'Brien, and Joseph Howe were chargeu" | wJtL stealing a bottle of limejuice, property of W.. I Beiu, of Gepp's Cross HoteL Mr. G. S. Kingston, who appeared for the prosecution, asked for and obtained awithdrawalot the charge against O'Brien, who then gave evidence. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and it was stated that he had only just come from rhe Stockade. Sentenced to six months' imprisonment vith hard labour. 11lomae Ferguson was fined 13s., Thomas hdwards 13s., and PluUip CosteMo 22s., all for carrying excess of weight in their vehicles. Patriae McDonald, an aged man, who appeared with his head bandaged, was charged with neglecting to contribute to the support of his wife Mary. Ordered to pay 15s. a week. Georg Smith was chatged with using abusive language to Marion Smith, and Marion Sinitli was charged with threatening to do for him as she had done for liis dog—by slow poison. Mr. S. G. Kingston for Mrs. Smith, who is a dressmaker in Adelaide, and had a separation from her husband. On Saturday night, June 2, she was walking with a Mr. Sharp and a female friend and met her husband, who addiejsed her, and she threatened to give him in charge. He charged his wife with being a woman ol ill-fume. ;-he took refuge in the Police Station, and was sent home the back way under an escorc, while defendant walked up and down in front. In cross-examination Mrs. Smith said she took the name of Miss Flo Burton. She had been insulted most violently by Smith, who called her the most foul names. "Was not in league with Mrs. Bonney. Was hoarding with Mr. and Mrs. Murch. Smith's statement was to the effect that he met his wife with a low-looking fellow, and told him that the woman was his wife. The man said he had given her £2, and he replied in terms which reflected upon Mrs. Smith's moral character. She used bad language and threatened defendant. Both informations were dismissed, each party to pay 5s. costs. T H I S ~ D A Y . ADELAIDE : TUESDAY, JUKE 19. Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., and G. Styles, J.P.] James McDonald and John Williams were each fined £1 for being drunk and using indecent lan guage. Annie Reynolds bad to pay 15s. for drunkenness. Patrick Bowes, shoemaker, was charged with stealing an iron punch, value 2s., the property of Charles W. James, at Adelaide, on June 14. Prisoner wr.s In informant's shop at about 1 o'clock on Tbv.rsday, and after he left the article was missed. He aiterwards sold it to a general dealer. Prisoner elected to be summarily dealt with, and pleaded guilty. Sentenced to six months' hard labour. with uttering a base counterfeit coin resembling a half-arown, & Adelaide on Jmie 9. John Hawkins, manager of the Royal Oak Hotel, Hindley-street, a stated that prisoner was in the bar of the hotel on Saturday, the at about half-past 10 at night. He hada drink, stayed fot some time, aud then "shouted" for witness and another man. For these he presented what appeared to be a new half-crown (one coin produced), and received Is. 8d. in change. The half-crown was put into tbe till. Witness treated the accused to a third drink. He then left, and said he was going to Port Adelaide. There was about £21 in the till, and when clearing it out discovered that the half-crown was not genuine. Had not taken any other new half-crown that evening. Saw the prisoner on the following Tuesday in 13indley-ptreet. On Saturday moraine witness pointed him out to Detective DunlevL There were lour other men in the bar when the prisoner passed the coin. -Detective Dunlevi said he saw the prisoner on Saturday morning in Hindley-street, and followed him for about three-quarters of an hour, and then arrested him in Franklin-street. Asked him at tbe station where ho lived, and he replied— "You are paid to find out. If you had followed me a little longer you might have seen.' He afterwards said he lived al Port Adelaide. Witness believed the coin produced to be composed of lead and zinc. Committed for trial. JfuttJ-o was then charged on the information of Charles James Duke witli uttering a false and counterfeit coin resembling a half- crown, at Adelaide, on i .;.••!• 15. Ada Carver stated that she was employed in prosecutor's tishshop in King William-street. On Friday evening, June 15, the prisoner went into the shop and bought Is. worth of £sh. He tendered the coin produced, and received Is. 6d. in change. At about halfpast S p.m. it was discovered that the coin was spurious. Adelaide A. Duke and Etty Carver deposed that there were no half-crowns in the till, and they had not taken any tbat evening. Committed for trial. Ev.uk Menadue pleaded guilty to unlawfully rescuing a cow while being driven tc pound by Ben jamin P. Cocks. Mr. C. B. Cox appeared for com plsunant. Fined 5s. and costs, £3 4s. in all. 