Sous flashes of ichard Wagnoer's quainsidry humorirare perceptibleofid ora?ofv hieown' skhotdheslof his boyish Ifanies,:tastes,, and ambition. ," Whenr It was' nineyears old,'. he writcs;"nothing .p!cased ume so well as .'Fraischuotz.' I often sawn Weber'pass our linsoelad ho? c.amo from rehearsal; I over conitemplated :him.: with sacred awe..' My tutobrjwhosa regular function it was to explain Gordelius Nejos to me, was obliged at'last to coisont to give me pianoforte lessons. "'As soon as Ihad mistcred a few flsgcr exorcises,: I dsot to workvsecrtly-and at first without the noteoa-to !lean the" Freischuetz ' over. turo.,Ono stlay my tutor happened to hear mo practlsing,>and observed that I should noTer db' any gobd.' IaIo was quite right; all my life longI havoinover boon:able: to: learn to playithoepiano.fi:However, I:wenoton play ing for my.owsn-soloipleasbro- nothing but ovorturcs, and with vilest fingeringo iinmginablor,si: i. .. .' y.minuslalosodooe pations were, of course, secondary matters; the chiol ones were GreeTllatin, Mythology, and Ancient HistoryjI.,wrot;ppoems, too. Once a sehoollellow died, aiadwe'boys were instruoted byeur nmaster4o write, each of us, a sot"ofve.i.ou1ion thi'death'theobest of all, he paidslsotd be printed. i Mine it was that I obtaiied the?hinors of typo, but not'until I liied ruonedlit oflmnany oeeresecess ":At that time iwadilov?n?iyears old. Notliing oould do sdtdirallj, botI m ieiisbeomo'a peot. I therefore sketched out an enormous tragedy, made up of about equal parts of ' Hamlet ' and ' King Lear.' The plot was really most tremendous.-Forty.two human-beings -per= ished inthe courso of the pieco, and I found. imyself .compolled, n order to render a per formanoe feasible, to.,bring,most of my. oharactersv: n ',nagain as ghosts, as othorwise I sehoul have been short of udr amatf. persone Ior my lastti?w ats.. I was b?usy with this ,play'for'twoi " vhol o:years. oAAt school (Leizlng) SIbeanmo 'idla:ndd knanishir The only, thing;I, cared "for was eyigre. trag dygod , othovdn's music to ngmpnt' tlrred mon poweully lust thon,lthatT resolvednot 'to bring;it,;my. play up'os,,any acoount untilit should hboeset to musid ef? aeioiila. hara h eri.o I had,per. feet eonfidends is my own,aspiaoity to write the requisitoesmon but thiought it.monig'per, haps be as well, bf?orme ginning to compose it, to enlighten nypsilf with respect to ,afe?., elementaryn alaAwsf torough?.as. 1,To, this. cad I borrowed Logier's !.etliod forta week,! and setudid; ait, eagrly, ibut not? with mosul fruitful 'ieshlts as. I:had anticipated ,, The diffioulties of cou'nterpint at onoe irritated and fasoinated, lo: I ;resolved: to become .a muician.n :Mealohial ary .hugs tragedyi;hnd. been; discovered by my;family, and hadbpro Ioundly seiddodied them by'conclusively prov ing thats. I musthave, thorouglily, neglected my scholviork on. its account.. Under these ciredmstanhes I-held: my tongue about my now' vocation, -as a musician:.b to none the loss did Ifurtively compose a sonata, a quar tette; and in aria.,, As. soon as .I felt myself nufliciintly matured by my seltf-mposed musi. cal studios, I madeo.,ll confessionto my people, with whom I lhad hard battles to fight; flor thes very nteuially regardod'my musical yearning ias a. passing passion all the moro no as~it cortainly was not.baced, upon any mreal preparatory study, orlev c upon a edrtain amuintol.faoulty in.playing upon any instru ien. ... Just thon,the,Jely.Revqo ,lution.,broko out;, intantly.I beameo a reav-, lutionost,.and canes to the oonvicaiprithat .a ianolposseosed o ad grain of .enorgypcannot. hut' be bound to;occupy. limsoqf, exolusivoly with' pblitics. 'ordhevit ,i.. began,.an ,oyer t?ure on a political sutieet, quitted school,;and ohtered the University-not to devote myself, to. the, study of a !,Faculty,' for I felt yoel; oddicated to a mnusical csreeor but to t iok ;up plildosoply and asthetics.e Itook, no: advan a-ge whatsoever, however, of thissopportusity, to improve my gducation,,but,plunged: ito; all iianuer of student excesses, with ouch,%ri-: velity.and extravagance thatI ,soon, got;,siok ofthllem. 'When I oala to myseneosagaini I felt ;the. necessity of reocommenoingi:my.: muslcail.tudies at theo;very beginning,l and; iiticking, to.tho? sternly.": Providence ,per-, miltted me to light iupon thba right man to; in-. spirea me with, new lovoe for tho art, and render, ite'intelliciblo to ms by fundamental instruc-; tio.n . That mon wais? Thoodor. Woinlig.. Under him I studied counterpoint, and learned to know and deeplylove o.ozart."! . 