6eiwrai Qtwz, Tee STEiNQEa is L jsdo.v — That !.!(« Oi ea£ City will ere long be !inrdiy reroxnisi'ilf- bjr its forraer deniaeu^, all the world b«^ beard. The visitor passiug up the Thames nan- 5iid« his eyfl gratified by tl«; many edifies rer^ :u\y erectea. As he reaches the famous Vision* Embankment, there rises over him oo tin right band the new Tima office, ami ui: trso Jer't hand the new toa-ercrtriied works ot Messrs. James Epps & Co., both plisBPB ox IrnliQii or ih iffiptllru ft *-%*o *- tin *?--*.* »? L ^ + these two buildings are types of tho fat reaching buBiats-s energy o£. the niiK-t^t-ush century, for it has resulted from uuuLi- uji-a;:-1, lhat theBe two establishoitrnts have iirongiit . tlieuiselvee to 'the fjre, and that ihu aa;;a?.'. issue of each has come to be tt-iiiu!iteo hy millions. During the last year, the fcumlwr of copies of thi* Tima is eBtiniatni at 16.-276.O00, while the naoibt-r ol Ei-r's Cc^oi sent off in th? same ponod is coaii-.uted at U,749/95. The latter ie a. large total. r wise:; it is borne in mind tiiat in 18SO the con sumption of Cocoa throughout the- vrliolc kingdom was but 325.382 lbs., tkere l!;n: existing no preparation of it such && thi». which by the bi tuple addition ol boiliay vrnf.T WitalA yield a palatable drink. Truly ti:ue may be said to work many changes. ' ^ Another NEwsrAPta Diblctouy. — \V«- are requested tn inform all proprietors, editors. directors, and correspondents of utw.-p-xpfjn, witiioat exception of party, in thuir ex clusive iuterest, that tSignor Nicola Bei - nardiui is now compiling a grand Dictimaru of the Newspapers of the World, poluicai* literary, artificial, fashionable, &c;, in wiiioh will be given a brief history of each, sunt- .- paper, showing the names of the director «:nl editor, the size of tbe journal, the nuiul-er ot pages, the year in which it com necned publication, its political importauco or social influence, its character, the condilious :or subscribers, the price for advertisements, naJ other useful indications. All' those pcrnooA who may be interested that their names appear io this work arc earnestly begged to give publicity to this notice, and to forward - to ttignor Nicola Beruardioi, Lecca, Italia uioi idionale, a copy of their jjurual, with a ly information they may think proper, in order to avoid in voluntary errors on the part1 of i he author. Every journal sending a '?'- C'tpy of tbuir publication and giving notice of the euterpiise, will receive, a -sopy of.Uifl eiuerprise, will receive a .copy of tha -.-. : Dictionary as *o in as published. AH such data should be addressed toSiguorBernardiui, via dolla lijuibarde, 27 Leoee, Ita'y. Sib T. Er,DEK*s Scholarship op Music. — The following ia the report oi the gentle»j«u appointed by the commission to examine can didates for the scholarship. at the Huyal College of Marie founded i-y -Sir Thoraaa Elder.— ''To His Excellendy Sir W. C. f. Robinson, KC.M.G., His. Honor the Chief Justice, and Sir Thomas Elder (the founder), Gentlemm — We have the honor to rep.prt that ia accordance with your instructions we have held an examination of those candidates . who presented themselves to' compete fur the scholarship at the Koyal College of ~M usic founded by Sir Thomas Elder. In response to advertisements inserted in the leading public journale thirty-three made application of whom nine een fiually presented themselves for examinatian. Of these five, viz., M:ss Beeby, Miss Frances Holman, Miss Franzicka ' Pu'.ttnann, Mr- John Dunn, and Mr. Ott« . Fischer proved in our opinion to possess more than average musical ability ia their several branches. After carcfu'ly testing th«f ? theoretical knowledge we found that the la%t three of the above mentioned . candidate! reached the required standard, Otto Fiacuer, . however, although possessed of less scholastic attainments than his two cotujp.titors.ahowid such natural talent as a vocalist as to rendtr him without doubt the candidate of greatest. promise in the 'future. We' Jherefote have . much pleasure in recommending his appoint -??- -? menttotbeBcholarahip. We'deaire to tecoidt' ' ' the pleasure we experienced ia examining Miss Puttmann and Mr. John Dunn- They. - both showed signs of more than ordinary executive ability, and theii\ wnfli?riiw;4f i«3T*T..' 6et pieces evinced the cara.aJid jirouble-.tqikt I-.... bad been taken with- their preparation. ??- Sigued — Cecil J. Sharp, Hermann SchraSer,. -^ '.. Charles 11. Compton (examinere). ' Adelaide,' .' Juue-22, 1883.' ?f n » Strathalbitn iNexiTBTe. — Subscribers are reminded that the annual meeting takee place to night. GOOLWA AHD HlHDMABSH TBt.AND FEBBY. — An advertisement elsewhere notifies lUat the punt at this ferry will not be available duriug the extension of the jetty, the work of which will be commenced about the 1st July. Eghonga Ihbtitote — An entertainment took place at the Ecbunga Institute on Mon day evening, the 25th. iuBt, iu aid of a fnud to build » new Wesleyan Church. It con sisted of a service of song, entitled ' The Babes in the Basket,' which was rendered in a very efficient manner by a company under Mr. J, W. James's able directorship. Miss Warlsnd kindly presided at the piano in her usual good and attractive style. The pro ceedings were brought to a close by the Rev. Thomas thanking the audiunce for their attendance. The Weatbeb since Monday has beon de lightful, yesterday and Thuisday being most beautiful spring-like days, warm, and there U very little evidence now left of the heavy wet of last week. We can do very well with a few days like this now. C ACTION TO SXOKE-THBO WEES.— Eight boys wire bronght up before the Court at Ktpunda on Monday la*t charged with throwing stones at the iuBuIators on the telegraph poles in that town, and were fined heavily imprisonment being ordered in default of payment. The 1'tiHAL Usio.v. — The proposal of the Government for South Australia to jiio the Universal Postal Union hat been agreed to bv the House of Autmbly. INTERCOLONIAL FOOTBALL MaTCII. — Tile Norwood Club succeeded in defeactug the Eseendcn (Victorian) Club in the Intercolon ial Match at Kensington on S&turd; y last by fire goals to one. The visiting club had pre viously played two matches ?with city clubs, Imth of which they won. New Cosn£T£3iJ*fEa or Inboltenot.— Mr. ?]. It btuarc, special ui*gt3tia^ of tne AJrl at-le Local Court, has been appointed Com missioner of Insolv« icy and took hi* seat in hia new capacity on'ruesday last for the first time. MacClesfield Institute. — An Enter tainment was given in the Hall of this Institute, in aid of its funds, on Wednesday evening 20ih intst, by some gentlemen from Adelaide, assisted by ladies irora Siratn albyn and Mouut Barker. I)«s8j»i-«j thi ?wct^weather iu the early part of til- dny and the consequent muddy state c! thing* under foot there was a large attendu-.ee including a number of visitors from iS.rath t'lalbyn, Mount Barker and ot ler suiround iug 'places. The following programme was gone through very creiiiumly indeed many pieces being deservedly encored: — Overture, Mr. fiutterworth ; Soi.g, Tween D-?cks, Mr. W. Galbrailh ; Sons, Carissima Mr. J. Adams ; Glee, Sweet is the hour of rest, Company ; Song, My Sweetheart when a Bo}', Mr. J, C. Cairns ; Song, Ehren on the Khine, Mr. J. Adams ; Song, Caller Herring, Miss. M. McFarlane ; Duet, (Comic), We run f em in, Messrs. Adams and Sadier ; Song, Nil Deeperandum, Mr. W. Galbrailh ; Duet, Murmuring Sea, ye Misses Field ; alter an Interval a musical Interlude a Comic Song and a Comic Duel were given and the whole concluded with the screaming Farce, 'Grandniudder's Ghost,' by the company. At the close of the musical part of the programme Mr. E. D. Davenport the president of the Institute in uiot'ing a vote ot thanks to the per formers mentioned that there was still a debt on the Institute property of over £300, which the committee were very desirous of reducing. He also mentioned that there ?was in connection with the Inst'lute a Young Mens Society, established last year, which he begged ihe young men of the place to support, and he announced that this society had determined to givf an enter taiumeut tor the lusuiuteoucs every month. The farce was then proceeded with, and if we may judge by the laughter conuuifally excited amount the audience it was a great success At the conclusion of the enter tainment dancing was indulged in by about twenty couples till the 'wee, suia' hours' crept in. 