ODD NOTES. ' BY A BOHEMIAN. (From The Week). The elections aro all over now oxcopt Cook, ?where Hamilton and Ooopor mate cock-sure of getting returned in the Ministerial interest. In last Friday's batch tho Ministry pulled off oil tho. Beats savo one, namoly Butlcdge. Thoro ?would havo boon another only Thady O'Kane stepped in and provonted it, or Frank Stubley prevented O'Kano from getting elected — you can explain it whioh way you please. Any ?war. bv the exertions and persistency oE O'Kane, an out and out Ministerialist slipped in for the Kennedy. This must make Thadous foel proud. It affords proof posidvo of tho great power and influenco he possesses in that doctorate. I.issner ought to feel very grateful to him, but I daresay he does not. Gratitudo among rival candidate for election is a very rate virtue. It is rather a pity that Stubley did not retira in favour of his old friend and patron, seeing that ho (*tubley) had had 0110 parliamentary innings. Turn and turn aboutis only fair. Tho new Assembly will lack a tone and character which Thudy would have imparted to it, and will be in danger of drifting into bad habits, and low, coarse language in his absence. There will bo nobody to keep More, head and his subsection in check now. Of course Morehead will organise a subsection of skirmishers and sharpshooters for M'llwraith, and the gentlo and amiable O'Kano, with his mild, persuasive tongue, and venerable appearance, would have, no doubt, been able to overawe, Slorob'ead wondorfully, becnuoo he only gets rampageous when ha can do bo with 'impunity. But regrets are vain. 'Wo cannot have everything our own way in this vale of tears The Pre mier has by this timo realised that sad fact in a very forcible manner. The elections have played the vory mischief v ith his party in parliament. ,The overwhelming majority which he and his chief supporters so confidently asserted would be sent back to support him in carrying out land grant railways and establish ing ' ringB ' and ' syndicates ' to share up the land among them — has all vanished into thin air. His following has actually dwindled down to little better than a third of the new Assembly. Still he is going to call them together pretty early ' for the despatch of business '. Novem ber 1.6 is the day fixed. Three weeks, come Tuesday next. Most people think, and indeed say, that about the first 'business' the new Parliament will 'despatch' mil be the Premier and his colleagues to the other side of the Assembly. I am not so eure of thati though. The party led by the Premier is very tough, and will take a wonderful amount of beating before it wiil give in. Indeed, as the first Napoleon is reported to have said of the English army, our present Premier never knowB when he is beaten. He does not seem to Bee it. That was as positive a de feat as it was possible to give him over the Warrego Bailway Bill, but tae Premier would not admit it. The bill was not thrown out, bo cause Sir Thomas withdrew it when he saw that there was no ghost of a chance of carrying it through committee — and then he claimed that as a victory. He declared his firm determina tion to stand or fall by that bill, and he stood by it and would not give the Assembly the chance of throwing it oui — ho aimply withdrew it. That is an odd way of winning a parliamentary victory; but that is how our Premier vanquishes his foes — when he cannot manage it any other way. He was beaten in much the same manner over his Coolies from British India Bill. When he saw there was no chance of carrying it in its original form he allowed the principle of it to be changed to please tho majority, and then boasted in the most triumphant manner that that was juBt the very thiug he had been striving for all along, and was deter mined to accomplish or die in the attempt. Then again, at the close of lost session being defeated on the Transcontinental Bailway Bill, ho asked for and obtained a dissolution of Parliament in order to appflsl to the country on that bill, as he felt confident a majority of the country was with him on it. Having obtained his ditsolu tion, he decided not to appeal to the country on that bill at all, but oa something quite dif ferent. Now, although there is a majority of the new Parliament against him on tho subjects on whioh he really did appeal to the country, he may claim that majority after all. With a man of his peculiar views about victory and defeat, who can say that he will not when the new House meets, threo weeks next Tuesday, io able to Bhow that the result of tho elections i»a signal victory for his side? To do this it Trill only be necessary for him to drop land grant railways and niggers — withdraw those questions as he did the Warrogo Bailway bill — and enunciate a policy that a large majority of the House must support if they are true to tho principles they advocated when before their constituents for election ? There would be nothing so very extraordinary in a move of that sort on the part of Sir Thomas. The inquiry by the Immigration Board into tho charges made b/ the captain against the surgeon-suporintondent of tho B.I.S. Now eherrs, and the charges made against the captain of that vessel by the surgeon-superintendent, is now over, and tho board has made its report and decided that tho Burgeon-suporintendent was most to blame. After reading the evidence that is the conclusion most worldly wise easy going men who always havo an eye to the main-chance would come to. The facts are Tory few and simple. There were among the single women emigrants whom the Government had provided with free passages to this colony, a small contingent of girls who had been benevo lently foisted on to the Agent-General for trans mission to Brisbane. There were more of that sort booked, but Dr. Usher weeded out a few at tho Plymouth depot. ThoBO few who managed to slip on board the Nowshera with out detection soon let it become pretty evident ?what their profession was, and that they were coming out to praetiso in Queensland. Tho officers and sailors of the P-owshera finding such congonhl company on board, determined to take advantage o£ the opportunities for enjoyment thus afforded by tho voyage and endeavoured to act on this determina tion: But Dr. TTsher, tho surgeon superin. tend,ent, stepped in at onco as a marplot, and did all he could to prevent tho carry ing out of this little arrangement. He did it on the strength of a code of regulations iBsued by the Queensland Government, callod ?' Instructions to Surgeon-suporinlondonts of Queensland ships (jailing under tho direction of of H.1L. Queensland Government.1' The Agent-General gave the doctor a cop^ of these ' Instructions,' with 6trict ordors to bAo them carriod out on board tho Nawshora, but tho doctor scorns not to have noticed tho wjnlc of tio oye, and the significant pointingVof tho thumb ovor tho left shoulder — literoW or figuratively — which must havo accompanied, the presentation of tho book, and the order/ to sea tho instructions thorein carried out. Iain was whore tho Immigration Boa^a wore down on him so heavily. Tho idea that he should mar tho onjoymont of tho offlcors or sailors on board, and causo annoyanco to their lady friends by insisting upon carrying out his instruction*, seems to huvo been ro garded by tho board as suoh a propoBtorous ono, that thoy recommend that i'r. Ushor novor again bo pormitted lo take charge of omigr.ints to Queensland. Tho board seemed to^think that what tho doctor should havo done was to allow these ladies to do as they pleased, and taken 08 good caro of the other girls as wns possible under tho circmustancos. But no doubt his punishment will be a sufficient warning to future mrgcon-superintenflonts of Queensland immigraut ships. A very large majority of tho single young women were amenable to discipline. , I his reminds mo of a little anecdote I saw in sin American paper tho other day to tho follow ing effect : — ' Arc tho young ladies of tho present day lit for ? wives ?' n»ked a leoturer of Ms audience. ' They aro fit tor husbanda,' responded a feminine voice ; ' tut tbo trouble is that young iron ore not flt for wives I Tho npplnuso was great, and so was tho diuooinfoituro Now there was a good deal of sound sense' and forcible logio in tho response, given by that feminine voice to that lecturer's eelf-conceited and priggish statement. Tho evorldeting ringing of the changes on the unfitness of girls to become wives because they do not know how to pre pare their husband's victuals property, nor manage his homo ss it should bo, nor take care of his money, nor make him nice and comfort able generally — is becoming positively mono tonous to me. It suggests Mrs Poyser's sharp rejoinder to old Bartel Massey — 'Aye! women are. foolish, sure enough; God Almighty made 'em so — to match the men.' My own observation and ex perience, extending now over a greater number of years than I cara to reckon up, leads mo to the conclusion that the girU of marriageable age are, on tho whole, quite as well quali fied to make good wires us the young men of marriageable ago are to make good husbands. That is my deliberate opinion. There are ex ceptions, of course, but thoy only prove tho rule. Tho fellows are, as a rule, intensely selfish, exacting, and inconsiderate. They want all the' sacrifices made on their own; behalf, and never seem to think that it is any part of ti,eir duty to help their -wives over their Uttle troubles and difficulties. They regard the marriage lie as a contract under the Masters and Servants Act iueteod of a deed of partnership for life with ? unlimited liability, 'As the husband is the wifo is,' saya Tenny son, and upon my word he is right. In ninety Dine cases out of a hundred the -wife is just what her husbaud pleases to make her, ami is all the better if in the making he trusts now and then ToherinstinctsinsteadoEhis own judgment. Excuse my prosing, dear reader, just this little bit. There is so much bumptious nonsense talked about young women not being fit to become good wives, when the young men are still more unfit to become good husbands so far as I can discover, that it eeemed nocessary to put in this protest apropos of the American young lady's repartee above quoted. 