THE GOSPEL OF RELAXATION. [From the Saturday Review of November IS.] j The gospel of industry has become a hack j neyed and threadbare gospel, as Mr. Herbert | Spencer has had' the wisdom to perceive. I Earnest people have spoken, almost impiously, ; we think, of the blessing of labor, whereas we { have the best authority for believing that j labor was imposed on Adam and his children i as a punishment, not as an entertainment. I Mr. Herbert Spencer has preached the first j sermon of the gospel of relaxation in Hew i York, like another Paul among the Athenians. ! His soul has been vexed by the altars j and the incense of that not unknown ; god, the Almighty Dollar, the cochoit cVor of • modern idolatry. Perhaps no English visitor ; ro the shores of freedom has been quite so ■ free (before his return) as Mr. Spencer. He eritised the political corruption of his hosts with a frankness which they seem to have taken in very good part, though it has ' offended many a sweet enthusiast of de mocracy in England. Mr. Spencer thinks no . more highly of Bosses and Caucuses than Mr. ; Mark Twain does, or the retiring author of ■ '! Democracy," or any civil service reformer on ; the other side of the Atlantic. Encouraged ; by the attention with which his warnings j were received, Mr. Spencer has passed from j public to private life, and given the Ameri j cans a piece of bis philosophical mind. He j was invited to a big dinner-party, and par took, doubtless, of gumbo, terrapin, prairie j chicken, planked shad, cat-fish, hominy, i pumpkin pies, tomato salad, and other indige nous delicacies. He fielded out while Rev. H. W. Beecher, Professor Fiske, Sumner, and j Marsh, and ex-Secretary Schurz had each his i oratorical innings. Mr. Oliver Wendell j Holmes, too, sent a letter, in which the j famous humorist, '"'classed Spencer with ; How ton and Darwin." Ho man is a prophet • in his own country, and perhaps we scarcely • reckon Mr. Spencer quite so very highly at home. Then came Mr. Spencer's own innings, and by way of replying to the toast of his health he criticised the health of his enter tainers. The men of Hew York, in liis opinion, are in all things not "too super stitious," hut too industrious. " With Ame ricans work is a passion, and even deaths from overwork are not infrequent," It would be difficult, even for a critic who knows both countries well, to say whether Americans need this gospel more than we do at home. Deaths from overwork are com mon enough here, or rather, perhaps, we should say, deaths from over-worry. It is not work so much as anxiety about work that does men harm in the long run. Different sorts of work entail different proportions of worry. At the universities, where there is a good deal of overwork, men do themselves less injury by constant study than by con stant anxiety and excitement about their success in the schools. This anxiety they try to stifle by incessant reading, ana so they plod on till they break down from over • training. Over - work at a literary effort — say the history of the Lower Empire, or any topic of that sort—is not very likely to damage a literary recluse who is not hurried and can choose his own time. But work not more incessant or more absorbing may soften the brain of a man who is struggling to support his family by his pen, or to push his way in the vast modern crowd into a foremost place in the profession of letters or at the bar. Such a man does not feel justified in refusing any work, and very probably this habit dings to him after he could afford to pick and choose among his cases or among the journals and magazines which ask for his assistance. Then he gets nervous about meeting his engagements, and when he has come to that pass anxiety breaks him down. Similar causes work far more rapidly, as Mr. Spencer may have had occasion to remark, in a bustling commercial city. A great deal of the " over work" of business men is not labor, but a feverish gambling excitement and eagerness. In one of Mr. James's short stories, "The J'ension iieaurepas, tnere is a laughable and. j pathetic sketeli of an overworked American. This gentleman, Mr. Ruck, was sent to roam abroad by his physicians. " I didn't sleep," he said; " I didn't ee,t; I took no interest in my food. I couldn't hold a pen; I couldn't sit still. I couldn't walk from my house to the cars, and its only a little way. I lost my interest in business. . . . I had been paying strict attention to business for twenty-three years." " In all that time you never had a holiday?' says the other person in the dialogue. "Sundays," the overtasked one replied. And what had Mr. Ruck gained V lVhy he "did a very large business, and was considerably interested in lumber." If Mr. Spencer has found America peopled by a race of Rucks, he is quite right to bid them take things more easily. To say that all this com mercial work is mammon worship and be gotten of avarice would be far too severe. Men get into grooves, and cannot get out of them. On man dawdles, another toils— neither knows exactly why, neither has any very definite aim. The dawdler praises leisure; and, as he is usually a university man, quotes the example of the deliriously do-nothing Greeks. The other boasts of his ndustry, which is but a bad habit, like the other habit of drifting through life. The advantage is perhaps on the side of the dawdler if we look to length of days, on the side of the worker if we remember how many vacant and listless hours come to the un occupied. The ideal thing, of course, is to get plenty of work done and have plenty of time left for the enjoyment of nature, sport, society, literature—by which, of course, we mean novels. Mr, Spencer himself maybe taken as an example of the happy thinker. This is what all philosophers should wish to be. He has adopted the plan of getting assistants—we do notysay "ghosts," for there is no secret in the matter—to do the rough work. They prepare vast collections of facts, out of which Mr. Spencer spins his theories. The objection to this course is that no mortal man can really read a book except with his own eyes, and that no one can trust to the faets collected by another. Every one sees in a book what he brings the eyes to see. One reader, for want of special knowledge, or special bent of thought, misses an essential fact. Another misses an essential qualifica tion. If genius is needed to co-ordinate and analyse facts, it is just as much needed to bring the facts together. Aristotle made his own " sociological tables and historical col lection of details about the working of bar barous and civilised communities. Much labor would be spared, and much time for relaxation won, if men of letters could de pend on collaboration, and on the hodmans' work of others. But, though Mr. Spencer may find the system work in his hands, and though it has worked and does work very well in fiction, we doubt whether labor can well be spared in this way by the scientific historian. Most men of letters, like people of every other profession, will find that they must do for themselves what they wish to be done well. The only true way to _ avoid overwork is to moderate our ambitions. Many of us do so with perfect success. We have a "great work," of one sort or another, planned in our minds, but we gradually find that to undertake it would overtax our strength. We do not at once abandon the idea, but it remains a pleasant vision on the mental horizon—an agreeable thing to reflect upon, a distant hope. The ambition becomes harmless, but not useless. Nothing is won for the human race, and no earthly gain comes to the dreamer. But hi3 purpose has helped him through this short life, and that is all to the good. It is better (though a good deal less heroic) to fail in this way than to fail in the other way—to break down under a labor that will never be accomplished, and come to early death or premature dotage. It is wisdom to recognise the limits of our strength, to rotire from busi l r.ess with a comfortable fortune ratlier than to come to grief iu the quest of a million, to live ami uie unknown, With no work done, but great work.? undone, \- » rather than to break the brain against an im possible endeavor. The weak "side of this philosophy is that it may lead to the con dition of the twins in the " Golden Butterfly." But these followers of art never did anything at all; we are only arguing, like Mr. Spencer, against trying to do too much. Ambition, as we have said, is not more the cause of that failure than habit. When men are once in the groove of money-making, scribbling, pleading at the bar, they forget that life exists as a whole, and should be lived for its own sake. They mistake the means for the end, and make work for themselves as dili gently as if. they had to satisfy the tiend of JVJicheal Scott. The greater magician of the same clan was driven by circumstance, not by choice, into this error. Sir Walter said, and with truth, that he was naturally a very indolent man. Yet no one ever did more work, not even Southey, and both came to the same end. We have such crowds of examples of over work in England that it is hard to believe the Americans can be much worse than our Selves. Mr. Spencer says the men grow grey ten years earlier than in England. Mr. O. W. Holmes has written a pleasant poem on the "grey-haired boys," but we bad not guessed_that the boys were prematurely grey. If Mr. Spencer can support his assertion (as no doubt he can) by statistics, we may suppose that something in the climate makes Americans "coony" before their day. Their women are sometimes said, whether truly or not, to age earlier than the British fair. But, to be sure, their women also work very hard at amusing them selves. Even in Greece (where no free man did anything but enjoy himself) Pindar says that many grew grey almost in youth. " So also on young men grow oftentimes grey hairs even before the natural season of man's life" (Olymp. iv.). The speech is put in the mouth of an athlete addressing Hypsipyle imme diately after he had won the footrace in bronze armor. So here is classical comfort for young Americans who, like the laborious Shelley, are "youths with hoary hair." With such, Mr. Spencer says, "relaxation becomes a physical impossibility." Yet poker, yachting, hunting, camping out, base ball, and limitless flirtation * are recognised American institutions, " though perhaps a little gay." In these, surely, there is relaxa tion enough. We cannot share Mr. Spencer's gloomy diead that the Americans, the people of Hanlan and Myers, may become degene rate by reason of overwork and its effects on the offspring of the toilsome. Indeed, but a few days since Mr. Spencer took a much more rosy view. He foresaw the time when the Celtic, Teutonic, and other Aryan elements of the American nation would be fused into a magnificent and previously unparalleled race, capable of living up tollepubliean institutions. The evidence, on the whole seems in favor of a future stock of highly-cultivated giants, all as strong as Mr. Bonnor, as swift as Mr. Myers, and as gifted as Gifted Hopkins. These will occupy' the continent; nor will New Yorkers degenerate into Fuegiaus, dressed only in clam-shells, and eating only oysters without pepper or vingar. That would he the result of overwork, if carried far enough; hut we look for nothing of the sort. There is such a thing as being too careful; of intellectually mollycoddling one self, if the expression may be permitted. The New York poet must not be daunted by Mr. Spencer. Ho not let him retire to the woods, or to bed for months, after contributing a sonnet to the Century. The hard workers of the continent have worn well. Mr. Holmes, Mr. Longfellow, Mr. Whittier, Mr. Bryant, Mr. Emerson, are examples of patriarchal toilers. Mr. Lowell has not over taxed his intellect; and, generally speaking. American men of letters "have lived out all the length of all their days," or seem in a fa;r way to do so. But Mr. Howells must be very cautious, and so must Mr. Warner. The sword (when it is as brilliant and keen as their battle-blades) wears out the perishable sheath; and writers who have supplanted Dickens and Thackeray must beware of the excessive toil which appears to have shortened the days of the author of "Pickwick." We cannot spare his American successors, in whose hands fiction has become a finer art, and who have taught us to find the played out masters of our youth no longer endurable. As to the statistics of work among Americans interested in lumber we have no information. But we must still regard Mr. Buck as the ex ception rather than the rule, even in Wall street; indeed, if American city men are working themselves into idiocy, no traces of it are yet observable in their management of railway and other stocks. The Caucasian of the West is not yet played out, nor is his bag of tricks exhausted. 