MRS. BIRTLKS' '-BOARDERS. By E. P. WHl'i'WOHTH. (Continued. Very well. - Thoso who aro in favor— ah I good. Thoso againet— nono. Garriod unani- mously. Next business." - "Tho next business, Mr. Chairman," said Bob Brown, rising, " is to charge your glasses —All full?— Gentlomon, hero's success to tho ontorpriso, and good luok to Miss Tulk, nnd God bless her 1 " "With a hip-hip-liip, hurrah, Ac." But a penetrating voibo camo from tho half- open door of Mrs. Birtlcs Hltlo back room, which said, "Too much noise. Go to bed, dear.boys. Good-night, and God bless you," "AH right, mothor. Good- night." And wo wont. ''Dear littlo woman. Sho had overheard every word wo had said, and I verily beliovo was crying with joy when isho spoko to us. And our enterprise was 'crowned with suo- cchs. Each man laid himself out for his work, and tho result was that within a fort night tho words wore written, tho musio com posed, and tho songs sung, all thrco of them, at a concert in which Bob Brown was inter- 'ostcd. Tho words were of avornge morit, but tho molodies were fresh and characteristic, and tho harmony showed tho work of an ac complished muBicinn. Thoy were favourably mentioned in tho papers, and Messrs'. Quaver, Crotchet & Co., tho great musio publishers of Collins Street, jumped at tho ohanco of pub- Ushlng them. So Miss Tulk wan set on hor foot, for takon largo and by, as sailors say, what with, tho original royalties for singing, and tho oopy- right, for Quaver, Crotcho it Co., bought thorn out and out, she netted something over olxty. pounds, with tlio nroiuiso of as iiiuoh work -as she, in her dehcato stato of health cared to undertake, and so there was great jubilation in tlio house of Birtlcs. - CHAPTER VIU. a SHADOW OF P.VIL. Yes, jubilation, but not all jubilation. Tho shook to Miss Tulk, wb&tovcr; it wan, had been too groat for her nervous system, unstrang as had been by the grief known only to herself, to withstand with impunity, and although slio gradually rccotfcrccf her health, hor physical strength was ovidontly materially impaired, and her mind, if not positively unhinged, was sovcrely shaken. Thcro was no positivo ailment, and al though Dr. Brightstono used to call occasion ally to ceo his patient, moro I fancy out of a feeling of sympathy and friendliness toward tho ead silent woman who seemed to belong to another world than ours, who was, so to speak, with us but not pt us, than becauso ho thought ho could do her much good profes sionally, and although she slowly regained hor colour and hor good looks, for although some what haggard and faded, it was ensy to bo seen that in hor time, and that at no very long poriod baok, sho had been a beautiful woman, still ho would say to us, or any of ns/. when she was absont, "Ah I there's some-, thing there that I havn't- probed yet, some- thing that tho finger of soienco eannot touch; Timo is a great hosier, but. timo does not heal ovcry wound to tlio heart. However, timo alono can tell, and to timo alono we must trust." As I havo Baid thcro was no positive ail ment physical or mental, and yot thcro was something that could not but causa us all great anxiety. Than Mrs. Birtlcs, and I may say, tho rest of us, nobody could bo kinder, and, in an nnobtrusivo way, moro attontivo,- but' sho seemed to bo a prey to a kind of settled melancholy.; And yot it was not exactly melancholy. It was rathor a restless moodhieas, a lurking and over present pre sentiment of misfortune, a weight as if of impending trouble, a nameless torror that sho could not away with. . It was no longor anxiety for the material needs of tho present or oven of tho fatnro, for thanks to. her own skill as a musician, and thanks also perhaps to a word or so in tho right placo and in dub Boason— 11 and'a word in duo season how good it ib "—from somo o| us who wpro not altogether without sbmo littlo influence in artistic oirolcs, hor work bccama moro and more known and anorcciatcd. and as a .matter of course,- moro in demand; so that " tbeoruso of oil and thci barrel of meal " . seemed likely noycr to fall. Besida that, qs tho days went on, and sho grow stronger, her., pupils odme baok ; to her, and Boon all hor timo was fully . occupied in writing musio, and giving lessons in tho various accomplish ments of whioh she was'mistross. And tho poor lady was gtatofal, in her own quiet undemonstrative ' way, oh how gratoful sho was to us.' Sho might havo, nay, as wo onco or twico dellcatoly hinted, now that sho was getting on so well',, ought, for her own sake, to havo romoved to a more fashionable part of tho city, and into lodgings moire suit able to tha sooial requirements 'of her position and to her breeding,; but to this sho replied , with tcarsin hor eyes ; " And where eleo shall I. find friends, "such truo frionds as' I havo found hero. No," no, horc,' amongst you, havo I found : suoh pckco as tho world can over givo mo. Dearest, kindest of friends, do not/weary of mo I pray. Here, with you all let mo livo my life." Af tor that there , was of courso nothing to bo said, and mattors quiotly settled down into their ordinary grbovo. . But Mibs Tullc'. would nd longer go out teaching, in fact bho eccmod to havo an un- "controllaolo honor of leaving tho liouso,,and nover wont out. of .doors ;oftoner than, sho could' possibly holp; In fact whenovor, as soihotiincs was tho caso, alio rwba obligodto visit ono ' or tbo other.: musio publishers, or to go to seo Mr. Lyoter at tho Opera with a viow 'to tho' alteration ' or rc-arrangoment of eoino piccoof musio, sbo would only go in a closo cab, and was in a stato'of. pitiablo troraor from tho moment alio left until oho returned/ veiled, and loaning on tho arm of stalwart Bob Brown .sho went to perform her duties nt St; Bridgofc'o, ;nnd even ' thsn, as I have . heard Bob. say, sho waa.wout to tromblb all tho way thcro and baok. r" This nameless terror, this constant dread, what was it? Some of us know, or thought, wo knew " as in a glass darkly." Rather was it wo guessed, that tlid suddon frilit'at tho racecourao, arid tho tall, dark, soldierly look- . ing man, who had followed her. homo, .and who had pawned tho locket, had aomothing to do with it, wo felt convinced. But what ? Nover mind' what. It was a mystery. .It was Miss Tulk'a scorot, and no business of ours to . enquire into it., .' . ' . : . . Miss Tulle's' unaccountable . .restlessness seemed day by day to increase.1 It grow to bo her "wont to sit at the. window, ohaded bytjip-. curtains, and seemingly oblivious o£ all olao, to watoh with haggard and anxious oycs'for something which nover camo, Romothing olio felt unconsciously impelled to look for; and yot whioh sho feared to sco, and wo bccamoco acoustomcd to this strango proceeding of hors that at length wo took.no notico. « But ono evoniug a Btrango and' unaccount- dblo thing took place. Ono of thooo things, which sometimes occur, but whiohi reanon re- fuBos or is important to explain. Oho of thoso ' psyohologicnl mysteries boyond tho rcaolieaof our gquIs wliich bo strongly point ont the. trutli of . tho. hnokhoyed quotation, « Thcro aro moro'things iu heaven' and earth thnn ovor wo read of m.oui .philonophv." It was a dnik, dismal night— a rairerablo night, a night not fit to turn a dog out in. Tho wind blow in 'short, sullon gusts, tho driving rain foil with a heavy and ihtormin- ablo swish against, tho otosea windows, and tho gas lamp at the opposite corner ehono sicklily through tho blurred gla6S. Moi that is thoso of U3 whoso duties did nob call us out, wore snugly onBconscd in tho general sitting-room, Somo reading, somo chatting, Mrs. Birtles with lior intorminablo sowing, and Miss Tulk talking to hcrsolf on tho piano ns was hor frequent habit. Suddenly tho snatahes of airs and varia tions on thorn sho' had been playing glided off into a wild, weird, but inoxprosBibly plaintivo minor strain, full of strango chords and unexpeoted cadences. It was 'liko noth ing wo had ovor heard before, and wo stopped to listen to, and look at her. Sho soomcd to bo playing altogether unconsciously, and as if sho were under somo unknown and nncontrol- lablo spell. Thon, after a timo, sho all at onco lot hor hands drop on tho koyboard with a harsli discord, and rising from tlio instru ment, with a ghastly white and soared faco, and ditatcd oyes, eho rapidly crossed tho room, and throw tlio window wida open, staring out blankly into tha murk street. - A moment sho stood, tho rain benting into her face, and tho sharp wind tossing her hair about her shouldors, and then, with a low, gasping scream, fell baok Into tho room in a faint. A moment, and wo were at tho window. Not a sight, but tho shining pavement, tha blinking lftmp, and Uio dim outlines of tho opposito houBca. Not a sound savo tlio ceaseless plash of tho rain, and tho dismal sough of tho wind. What had sho scon? What heard? .Who knows? (Nothing, maybo, except that in a waking tranco sho had both scan and heard tho shadow and tho far-off voico of coming ovil. CHAPTER IX. DAIiKHST DUFOnC DAWN. In the cxcitcmont and gratification of Miss Tulk'a success, I had almost forgotten tho lockot, and tho mysterious man of tho rnoo- oourso, until I wan reminded of it ono day by Mrs. Moss who had como up to see hor friend, Mrs. Birtles. It was a hot day in March, and 1 was just putting on a (lost coat preparatory to going out after breakfast, whon tho Jowoss came in. " I should liko to havo a few words with you before you' go, if you ploase, Mr. Grant," she said. " Certainly, Mrs. Moss," I replied, return ing to tlio'dioing-room. - « " You rcmoinbor that lookct? "sho began. " Yea." " Well, hoVbten again." " Again— whoro? " |' To Manuel's. Tliat's Josophson. This tilno it was a watob, a gold repeater, a real Brcguot, very old-fashioned, but oh I saoh a beauty. Net round with brilliants and a coat of arms engraved insido tho case. I couldn't bring it with me, yon know, bcoauso tho gentleman might como in any moment to ro-. dcem.it. Not that I think he will, for his sort mostly don't. Tltoro was a diamond hoop ring, too, and a bracelet, but they're not so valuable. Ho got twenty pounds on tho lot." "Aro yoa sore it's tho samo man?" I asked. "Oh I trust Manuel for that. Ho never forgots a faco, if it was ever so." " Wojl, what do you want mo to do?" I said. "Como round and see it. Perhaps you oan make it out.. I beliovo law "gentlomon under stand coats of arms, and such like. I don't, more don't Manuel." I promised, and tailed that very day. Mr. Joeephson knew mo through his sister-in-law, and took mo into a baok office. Unlocking a safe ho took out the wateh, which I saw at first sight was a vuludblo, though an old-' fashioned one. Having some slight know ledge of tho seienco.of heraldry, I examined tho arms engraved upon it. So far as I could mako out, it yras, technically speaking, as fol- iowb i—Golcs,', within a borquro, engrailed or, a lion rampant of tho last. Crest, a lion pas- Bant or; supporters/ two Talbot hounds proper, collared Gnlos. Motto, " JIumani nihil alenium," and surmounting' tho'esout- cheon was an Earl'B coronet. I' took a. note of this,. thanked him, and loft. Inext proccedod to the Public Library; consulted' " Barko," and there I soon found what I wanted. "Yes, there it was all corrcot., Tho ar morial achievement of tho noblo ' houso of Obotwynd-Taibot, tho hoad of tho.Oatholio houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestion ably ia: : Although I can liardly say I was Burprisbd at this; I . was undoubtedly, somo- what staggered/ \Vhat connection could poor Miss Tulk havo with saoh a family ? And yet the portrait; tho initials, tha coronet on ; tho lookot, this strange man, seeing whom I felt convinced, had been tho oaueo of her fright, and who had 'sccn her, and 'found out hor rcsidonco. Bat then again, if ho had dono so, months had gone by, and ho had made no sign. What was this mystory ? I was deter mined to fathom it. But how ? -What bush nosawasitof mine? What' right had I'to interfere? Clearly nono. If Miss' Tulle had a seorct, and ohoso to Icoep it/it was worse than impertinence on my part to meddle. And yot with a lawyer's instinctive wish to forrqt out things, I longed to get to tho bottom of it. : Ali! thq . mystery .was solved; and by mo, too, sooner thanlnutioipated. Noxt morning as I. was. preparing to leave the houso, I was speaking ,to Miss Tulk at tho timo, a knock camo to' the door. Miss Talk r.start9d with a vaguo presoritimcnt of ovil., Joanna went 'to tho door and entered the room, onuounoing, "a gentleman to seo Miss Tulk. Tho visitor followed oldso at her hebls, .and oloBing.tho door as sho left it, stood with his back to' it, gazing at tho poor lady with infernal malice. " bo, madam, I havo found you ? " ;.Sho was as whito as a' ghost, . and Btoggcred, Bupporting horself by "Do "not Icavo -mo, Mr. Grant," she gasped. , ' . . " Mr. Grant, or whatever tho dovil his name iwj will leave. you pretty soon if ho con sults his own interest/ That is to say, if lie don't waut to be chucked out of the window," ho retorted, with a sncor. . 1 could havo killed tho man. I felt that. I was accounted ono of tho best" amateur wrest lers and boxers in Melbourne, and I had youth and. stamina on my-pido. Ho had ncithor, . for although ho was tall, and had onco been muBouIor, I know too much about training not to b.co that dissipation bad rendered him flabby, and comparatively, weakond abort/ winded I-thereforo replied calmly, Aq for' that, this; lady has roqueated.mo to remain; ; and remain I'shall. So far as throwing wo out of tho window goes, I should adyisq you not to try it." ... Ho moved a stop forward, as.if to put his throat . into oxooution, but ha .otojppcd,. moasurod mo with hia oyo/and . thought hot- . tor of it. We'll -sco about that later," ho 'said.. - . . f ' : "Who is this iiiBoiont ruffian?" I asked, .ignoring his remark,. / . : Ho lauglicd a low, flondiah laugh, andisaid, '".Ah I juBt so. : Who is he?" Thiu low, in: .solent ruffian is that woman's husband/ Lot iicr dony it if bUo can. And nq\v, sir, who aro yod .who dares to stand between a husband and wifo, and prevent thoir littlo ondoarmcnts and counubiahtics." This' was nnokoh, with such an intonsity of malignity, that I almost sliutldofcd with horror. ." Ia this iruo, madam?" I asked. " Yes— jib— no," and tho words camo falter- ingly— "it is not truo That is, I married him, bat— oh 1 I cannot toll— tho shamo of it would kill mo." " You lie, you hag," ho said brutally "I do not lio— oh I Mr. Grant/ 1 do not Ho-" ' . ... "Lio, or no lio, you foul-mouthod scoun drel," I interrupted, "you'll kcop a .civil tongao in vour hoad to that lady in my pro- scnco, or 1 11 break avory bono in your body. Yoa threaten to throw mo out of tho window. Yoa can't, and yoa know it. I threaten to kiokyou into tho guttor. I can, and I will. So bo careful." "Whb are you who aro so scrupulous?"- ho asked, with a snoor ; " who are you to in terfere between a woman and her loving lord andmastor?" " I'll toll you if yoa want to know," I re turned, " I am oonncotod with tho law — tho criminal law, if you know what that means. I am thai much professionally. As a privato individual I am man onough to .protcot thai lady, or any other woman I hopo, from a brato." My rcfcrcnco to tho law was a how drawn at a venturo, bat I saw by tho whitening of his lips tbat my arrow had pierced tho joints of ins harness- He laughed, but forcedly. "Thon if you aro a lawyer," ho said; " you know that you must not moddlo between husband and wifo." : "Tho lady deniod it, and I beliovo her," I said, caltnly. Ho bccamo doggedly furious. " Tho lady— tho lady will say anything, curso her 1 " "Tho lady will speak tlio truth, I know that of hor," I retorted. Ho eyed mo with a ourious scowl. "You know," ho said, " what do you know? — per haps sho has told you; . "No! No! Nol On my soul, Edward, I havo nover breathed a whisper of my shamo to a living soul. I havo never mentioned your namo nor yonr existence. As thcro is a God abovo, I havo not." Tho- poor woinpn cried. "I havo hidden royeelf and my shamo and my griof in poverty and obscurity, and hoped I should nover sco your faco again," and she burst into a flood of tears. "Come, this sympathctio business won't co down with me. vou know." lio saiil : "it may go down with somo people, but I know you, my lady, nnd you know ino. Aro you going to lenvo this cursed liolo and como with me, witii your dovotod Edward?" and bo ac companied his brutal sneer with a fiendish grin. . " Oh no, no, nover. Leave mo lu pcaco, oh, for God's sako do. I will givo you all I have. All 1 It isn't much, but you shall havo all if yoa will bat Icavo rao in pcaco." AYcs, tho wffo to livo in luxury while tlio husband starves. Oh, I havo heard of you. All about you. Tho talented authoress, whoso latest compositions havo created snch a furore in musical oirolcs. Well paid, too, I'm told. That's lucky, for I'm devilish hard up, jnst now." "And would you rob mo of my vory broad. Oh 1 Edward, you would not do that, and after all tho ill you bavd wrought tno ? " "No," he replied, with asardonio sinllo, " wo'll sharo it togothcr— love." > " Nover, nover," sbo cried, roused into fury by his last taunt. " Edward Curtis, if that bo your real namo, for I know not oven that, listen to me now. Yoahavoat last driven mo to bay, and I onto not if I proclaim my wrongs ovon in tbo market, place. . I hated you, I feared you, now I despise you." . "Quito melo-dramatio, I dcolare. What a figure you will mako on tbo stage, whon I placo you there, hiy dear Beatrix." . # Boatrix I " I hau stoppod . forward to. smito tho cowardly savage to tho floor. That word saved him. It- was tho key note, the missing link. It flashed across my mind like a ray; of light. The portrait, the initials, B.G.T. Boatrix Ohowynd — Talbot. ' Great HcaVons, what a revelation. / . Sho wont on in the torrent of hor passion; Tho Cory blood of tho Lords of Alton hod como to tho front, and no mistako. "Look at that miserable ruffian, tbat cowardly bully/.' sho said, " ho married mo whon I was a girl, a young and innocoat girl. Stolo mo from my fathor's house, and mnrriod rao in Scotland, ho did; Captain Edward Curtis A. frao captain, oashiered for pecu lation, a' rouS, a 'gamblor, nay, worso, a mothor, and ioarnod . my father's ourse. Oh, that I had' torn off tho ears that .listened to his lying vows,- had blacked out tho tongue 'that -modd tho fatal promise.. Wo went to Badon, Hombourg, Ems, oyory whore wheto there wore pigeons to- bo phickod. God holp mo," and hor voice; died away.in a piteous wail,. "I; did net know it thon. .1 was young and innocent. Ah mol Ho robbed mo of my last farthing. . Then ho . stolo, yosstolo, my jowols, for I had jewels, plonty, and I took thorn with mo whon I oloped. And all tbia' timo ho had another wifo alive.,. X learnt it afterwards, after tho -poor creatnro was dead.'. I khowit/but I couldiiot provoit logally, Ho had married her in Franco under anothor name. Whon I charged him with it ho laughed, and dared mo to do my worst. Thon. ho, oh Heaven, I cannot apeak tho'disgraooful .words— lio would havo sold; mo to otornal .shamo. but I fled, fled in hunger and poverty with my dying ohild/my littlo Beatrix oh ray breast. I wandored, I know not whithor, for Xwab mad after mybabydiod. , The light had goho oat of my lifo for .ovor,. People were kind to tho half demented woman, and I ear ned a subsistence by mymusical talents. Onco I mot him in Munieh. I asked him for charity, for I was liurigry, and lio spurned mo with A ourso and a blow. : Then I Bought refugo in tho rivcr,but.l.wusisavcd from that crime on the brink, by an nngel in, woman, form >vho sholtorcdme, and madq mo up a littlo purso to tako -mo homo. I went penitent .and broken hoarted to my father's houso, but he would not sco mo. Ho. sent mo. inonoy, some money, .and- ba'do mo 'begono. 'I camp Cc 'Australia to liido my shame. and' disgracb ir another land and under another name. . f.Mj lllUvUljT OlHUU Uiftl jUU.ftliUW, LU L. vJlUub . " Upon my ; word avery-protty story,' and very effectively told, for tlio; stage, only it laoksono cleraont, uamoly that of truth. This mad. woman's story . is a tiesuo of lies from beginning to. end.'? said.Curtia coolly. " One portion of it is truo at all events," I said, "that you took tlua poor lady's jewels, and that you havo pawned them, I know." Ho loosed at mo oariouuly. " You know ? " ho naked. I looked him square in tho face, and said firmly " Yes,! know; John Johnson." /' Ho started aa if lio had .beon stung, and glared at' mo savagoly, ,4,Whftt the devil is the jmcaniag of this jugglery , ho cried. What do 'you. know ?" Who aro you ? " ' " Never mind that; Nover mind what V know. ' I know you, - That's enough. Now do-t/ou know what boing shadowod by tho dotcotivco moans?" . "Hd gavoalong.disc'oacorted tfliiatlo, aud his jaw dropped perceptibly. " Thon perhaps you know— " . - "I know who this lady is, and was, and what's more to'tho purpose I know who and whatyouave. Why'inau I saw you oh tho racecourao on Cup Day and who you were with, and what you were." up to.» , I. saw! you follow the cab to tiffs vory house. ' I saw you pledge a gold repeater. watoh, a 'bracolot' and flnda diamond ring m Bourko . Street, tho otlior day. There's a lookot too that X know all about. Tho arms on tho watoh and tho coronet and initials hi/ tho lookot' are 'pretty evidence that they're not your'sat . / all ovents." " But thoy wcro my wife's," , ho said; torn- : " - ' 'i ing to a sickly paleness . / ; >V/i "Bah.! don't bo absurd. Doyon imaginoa ; / distinguished swell mobsman liko you can ' travel incognito. ..No, no more than, you ' could if you were a prince, or an , earl. Bo sides, wo happen to Iiayo a fow French doteo :' . tivco hero, and they're gcnorally thought to ba fairly fly." j. i - ' This .was a pretty tall gamo of " blaff " on my part, bat every shot told. His nothcr Hp trembled, and ho said in. a low voice, " Whht'8 thiiay?" , . " That you'll know soon enough if youdon't olear out,, and that quiokly too. Would you liko this pretty story to bo told before a polico . magistrate? , ' . Ho absolutely trembled with terror. . - / "You're a poor cowardly rascal after all Don't bo alarmed. You're not required just at --i present; but ijl you ore wo luioiy well enough ' whon and whore to lay our hands on you.-. Now yoa can go; but mark mo now, it you / - daro to annoy this lady again, by word, letter, : ; or message, you're booked uuro, and you may guess what that means.. Now go. Stop > '/ though, hand mo over thoso pawn tickets for ' tho property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chot- . '- ' j, wynd, Talbot." - ') Ho was completely cowed, and handed / them ovor with trembling hands, and with out a word. . During this unexpeoted dcnoncmont, Miss' Tulk, as I still call her, stood gazing ontj. lis- toning liko one in a dream. Tha tables were . so completely turned on her persecutor that sho seemed as if sho could neither understand . » : nor believe what was ooourring, , . But when the man she lmd once loved . turned to slouoh away, all tho pity of a great woman's heart burst forth in its tcndeinew." . " Oh, Edward, that it should como to this, to this, at last. An outcast and a vagabond on . ' tho faco of tho earth. Nee, hero is inouty. Twenty pounds. It will keep you from star ving and froni toroptatiou. Tako it in Heaven's nnmc, and reform. Seo here, too is a lock of baby's hair cut from her head as sho lay in her littlo coffin in far off Germany. , - When you are tempted to ovii, look at it and pray for help. And now go your way, and may God, in bis intinitomorcyforgiVo— you— as— I — I— I — " ... ' Ho slouched out without a word, even as she cpokc and with truo womanly consistency sho seized my baud, kissed it gratefully, and then full hr a dead faint on tho floor. l'envoi. Tbroo years lator, and wo nil— except poor Frank Yardlcy— aro again at Ftcmington to sco tho Cup Race of 1882. It is certainly a - ohango for tho worse, eo fnr 03 weather is concerned, for although .it was bad. enough for dust then, .wo have had )ba dust fiend rampant all morning, and a downpour of soaking rain all afternoon. Not that wo mind it much, for wo aro well under cover/ i But there aro other changes as wo hope and think for tho better, for which Mother , - Bristles htur in a great measure' to account I'rom tho Chateau do Birtles, Bob Brownrhos . led Cassandra Druraraoud, no unwilling vic tim to the altar of Hymen; and, not to be out- . . douo, Georgo Savillo has performed the samo . fcot with Auna Gadd. - Mrs. Birtlcs is as olierry-lippcd and ropy- cheeked as over, and Mrs. .Moss wears the . same 'fearfully and wondorf ally colored. , drcsses.as of yore. ' i -- Miss Tulk— wo, always call her. Mies Tulk > "—who, although1 she . ban risoa .to famb and ' , consequent wealth, stioks:to-the old homo, ,;-i and is likely to do so untff she leaves' it for '.a. ! porrannent oho. 'Sho io happy and", cp'htonfc . In the love of ; her; . old friends/although tho . - shadow of her grcaf griof eon never bo totelly - effaced, v /,' ; .4 Joanna , is, it is mysteribusiy: -reported, keeping company,." whioh, if yoa piooso, he's a.baker/and quito respcatoblQ. ; ;,/ - c j Tho baby, always the baby/ has .grown to . ; : I tho dignity of short diospo3/-«dt frodks mind '/ ' /,/ . —and pantalettes, /and 'ii'flifled:,aoeord-/'s/:'.'.:/-'';.. ingly. ./ '/'>./: ' 'v'/. / There are some now faces in the housi; but . './ old . Skerry . philosophises as -Usual ;ih,;the . ' . corner, and takes- tlio head of the. tabid vies tho " Father of tho.Ghapcl//rotired. ///. : , ' I am tliero too and am yot loolced-upon as . . a rising leading luminary— still rising, you, / . ; will observe. Tom Drummond is' stationed in a btmkin v - ,/ /. t, iiiiuuisvuwii, out Uuito uuu tees un uuh uuu - - again. :: .-'/'/ Dr/Brigbtatdhd,Tbog his pardon, tho Hon. .//-A / / : Dr. Brightstohe, for , ho- has, attaiucd r that/ / honorable and well-deserved' position, is' as ; . ; / ohcery and perhaps a littlo. stouter than, ho',: ; ' .. .used to bo, and. Btill. holds his annual loveo oh //y .' ./ Cupday.- .... // /'.'/ . 'And Birtlcs, did ho over tarn up? I don't ' '! think bo. But I do know that about .eighteen . . 1 months ago Mrs. B/went up' the country <. saddonly for about , a fortnight, " taking, tho :./ , baby 'with Hbr; and.rcturried'.with/very. rod , - . oyos, and deep mourning. Perhaps that had . . something to do with tlio errant ono. ; . Edward Curtis has .faded froih sight, ' ' > almost Iroin memory. "Whether ho reformed, /' ;: ; or not no ono knows. : Let us/only truat .fchafc ; V- j thViitfclo curi might' Jiayb tho - effcot oh'that '' . /! bad man prayed , for by tho donor, . nud that . In tho Muster's good tunc, oven the blaoknoss : : of hia ai»B may bo turned mto tho puro white ' - : of tho porfedt day/. : ; i \- ... 'TUB; end/ : I //.../ 