OUE MELBOIJEFE LETTEB. ? [FKOM OTO OWN CORKESPON-DEST.] The summoningfcif ftherConvention has: mainly been- delayed by ithat. tardy - old] South Australian, Mr Colonial Secretary; Bray. •" .The conception. of ^Ir ,;Bray, jn; .'coloDialvofficials qivclesiss sbme^hat dike; that .we used to entertain of the: old eight-; day clocks, when then pendulums got lusted Ihey^could swing and swing, but required a^eaaullyiongtime^before they ran down. " Mr Bray-appears to: be to methodical habits, and ihe iime. be absorbs before deignmg to answer telegrams or letters: has been one of .Alio chief causes of the -delay m calling to-, getherithe delegates Possibly ^ true old slow-fioachis the:mostcbhsDnantPreiiiier South Australia could possess, butt delay in replying to important ofSeialicommunicatigns is apt-to make people irate, Byia long pull, a strong <pallf and a pull, "altogethfer,:'^5ctomn6-3nighte-yet|..Srrange that :the 'ponvention.«hp_uld,be: held in 5 Melbourne' Our 'last-Comention ^as o.vei^he^ucks®ndi«e.esp,-»on^e:w,South. Wales'soil, -and, -aa_!V"ickiria has "been the main spring of the 5-nnexation movement; she certainly -ought still to lead m it, en& of/November mCiBler klfoAvemence the other colonies " It willlie recollected ibeiittlefcvent liaflibeen-previously feed with us, Until 3S T ew South Wales blandly hild'ii she could not^encUdela •mat objection! is now lemoved, "toi'it Keif ought to j and, a "Victoria ha been the •most'activo lioufc, she is entitled to :.ito:!tl'e::the el iof prove tie liistory of 4be Son es The city « whicKltls f < 2 T< r»tui uliol time, for n tlr 1 10t>: tiK e union of c>liniL=> aie uic fji tin time;: il L n-cipiue iih dim iis-iPri -t i jhas "sot" Vek iuijSiTi thai IV s .-cm o d,.<ia aiosn - ri« prcsu^d on I puKt. a conUiniff? e -"aliundivd a •it.-1-i.'an^fr^itcham ^oii'i roity, i Ihc irc&cnUnon; was male by the old proprietary, as a testimony of th eir.-appreeiation of the manner -in which; Mr Waiker liad worked the paper to a point wliicb enabled .tbem. to. sell. out at sueliaremarkablysatisfactciry'figure. •.,• More . changes, in C.oUiu¥-street. ;.The' 'modfem:;coHqherbr^om now ,engaged in taking down;Rocked old ..premiieB, .'.and .the •-^buildingi on.-Gborge- ; Aimand's em-ner at the intersection .of Queen and Collins streets. I have .before told re-! .pi^cpd;;!/; v : :':/ .-fisgesf.Vthing,!in novelties is George and George's conservatory and bear. The conservatory is intended as a lounge for.ladies, and the bear, to remind them of^wbat th ey .will. meefc jvh en they ;go ho'mftifdipner"; ^ThlyiM^e fitted -up 5 Briscoe's former premises regardless of; •expense,. and the_back store near the. elevator has been transformed into a conservator in which fountains Bglashi-on €brife,^md;marine fissUs c&ntiast;:witlr|lie:, 'liumatf "-ones w3io||«-.have'- opportumty'"to inbibe something stronger than water at; tlie refreshment.. "'.counters,which ' are. ;.,Theje4B' also a : miniature; aquarium; and a menagerie Jteriinted -by'the aforesaid liea^ "and. only! the most superb shop walkers will be retained.as;lions.; JThe idea is to provide a: lounge for ladies where they can refresh and;;consult: .as.to the; character of their hext; purchase, aud every allurement will: be presented to prevent their.quitting an emporium . based on the principle of those Amencanr»nes-: where . you can - be fur-1 nislied with everything even to a wife, ai husbapd, or a .ready made family of ; fonndUngs. The venture is unquestion- • ably a.plucky . one,- and'- the manner..in; which-the'various floors-Mve been.fitted up, and in most cases luxuriously hung and carpeted .is an evidence that the spirited proprietors recognise jvomen'srights'.- .:. us?Si' r • Grand opera, like Shakespeare, is evi- ^ently"nb| aji.rofifeb'Ifispecula^ioVtofem-: "bark in J-that 4 is';f6r .-'the ""ihariagimeht.: . The principal artistes have, however,: - learnt by experience the correct course tO" adopt^whenever; 'fitlie ghost,fails to walk." < One.of the sopranb singers at a'metropoli-; r^js^tp go oji itill; ier.®a;ry>"w.as' paid down iii:"t"he gblden; coins bearing : the, image ,of Her . Most Gracious ^-Majesty; Shejhad ^previously. declined a "little cheque" with the sinil-. ing intiniatipnrthat -she ''knew a trick! worth two of that." ' Then", tlie irate, manager had to "plank" the 15 sovs.,' and the fair ybiing artiste commenced her : role after the audience had been kept waiting -fully half-an-hour,- and an" an-' nouncement had been, made from the'; stage-that their indulgence was required; owing to Miss-—-'s "serious indisposi-; The new 'daily paper is gradually as-; suming form. Meetings have been held ofthe promoters, and I am told that a large Sum:of money has been already siib- : scribed. The new journal is to be essentially in the interests of the working man, not, however, as antagonistic to capital,; bu^mffre.; with: a view to harmonise 'the; relations ibetween the two. , The idea is to enlist the . interests of the working, classes by iii'ducing fhem -to ; each take so: many shares. . The Trades Hall people: are stirriiig themselves in the matter, and • as the various^'--societies connected with, this number some thousands of members, ! the new - paper, .Mf,' vigorously Tnauaged,; may Obtain a footing; though how pre-; carious the fortunes of any such ventures are, .is only known to those capitalists who; have-tried.tkemV,;.;On'e point the; Seiiiitiel, (for that,, I believe, is to foe^ts mme);Will have,-is that,it is reported that Bishop Moorhouse and.Mr.Juatice.Higinbothamhave promised their countenance and support. If either of these'' worthy gentle-; tnen really do* "contribute articles; -iliey. would certainly give considerable tone to the.; working glasses'. Sentinel: ' Tlie Bolam divorce case continues' to; present the public with varied phases, ; ne time:the respondent asks for. a com'-- mission to examine a witness who is said; to .be in ' Glasgo w, -and. on Saturday her counsel pleaded condonation. In the latter the matter was put back for an • a&davit; asked for'by His Honour. What,! liowever, I, aud i venture to say,your readers also are most concerned in, is the social aspect of the case. As thuslv:— Is H.necessary that, in unfortunate cases of • thiaj kind,' every little iteni'iihould; be dri^gedinercilesslybut, "and jplaced under the full glare of public scrutiny. In the Bolam .case;. as.; inj.otliers,! jittle";'children are concerned, and to them must always attach the: stigma that one , or other of their parents had done wrong. As a journalist, I am averse.to secret inquiries of any kind, but 1 think there are some instances,'"311011. as divorce 'i proceedings, that would be best coiifmed to counsel and their Honours. -..; ,: -.• During the last two years . property in Melbourne and'suburbs lias gone up wonderfully^ m^irice; till:,ptpperHes 'that were worth say £200 could not now be bought for double the mo ; ney.. All round the city the suburbs are: .rapidly " spreading out and being built on still. The natural consequence, -has'Jbee'n' • that? men who -iii; vested capital •at 'ai'thne .-when they were looked upon -as madmen, and. in districts that -we're' mere swampa; in tlie 'winter .time,:. now find tKemaelveB poBseased of comfortable fortunes. Taken all round we are enjoying a time of real ' ' Peace, Progress,- and Prosperity.". j. •. Our theatres aro making unusual preparations for the racing season and Christmas- tide.V M"f :Arthur Garner,.who has been iri Europe for soiiie time, lias completed engagements with some leading artistes in all lines; opera bouffe, burlesque and pantomime, The Majeronis are rehearsing a number of pieces, entire novelties for the, Bijoii,:-and? we are to have a visit from a company of wonderful Easternconjurorsj-necrotnaucersandsnake charmers. - Barnum, the great showman^' has.an agentliere making inquiries as to the means" of. transit and likelihood of remunerative business , for the " most complete circus on airth " 