IRISH DRINK AND AGITATION. ! ...We are told that the Pamell and Davitt agitation merited the. eternal., thanks of. the- Irish ,pribple,,,whom ib eopT richod by1 at 'ieast ' three iriiilibris ofrepcJ taken from the landlords., We are never theless always re!riiride?d|!df/!the absolute istarvation of a large population, for whose jrelief the anti-English- members demand jEnglish gold, - disdaining'1 to':accopt such relief as .the "Poor .-L ivv /gives, or such as emigration, would, ensure. Then in the midst oF theiriowling. about the universal; destitution of ,the;couutry we , are awake-i. ned- by. a,,eontrib ution -.of ; ; £3 >,000 as: a preseutfor; Parnell,.aud'auptber perpetur al one for the maintenance of the league ; and. again from all the diocese immense sums for the Pope as Peter's Pence. There seems to be pleuty0of money for bad purposes, -but1 n'otie5 .''rit1 all for.s.ucb ordinary things as food and clothing. For the' last ririmed prosy things a murderous agitation generally leaves ;but a slender, provision:: But; if as Messrs. Healy and Davitt proclaim, the peasants actually took from their landlords some millions a year arid if the peasants are nb:- better off for it, where has the money ' gone ? We may easily guess where ill-gob gains go, ' wheu? 'midnight murderers plot, an3 seditious meetings take the place of honest industry. The Sheebeen shop shop flourishes and drunkards increase. We perceive by the report of the Com missioners' of Inland Revenue that such was the fate of Paddy while he was con spiring. During the year ending March 31st the quantity of spirits charged with duty was in England less than in the previous year by 280,617 gallons but in Ireland more than in the previous year by 261,834. The quantity of spirit consumed as; a beverage decreased in England by 294,270 gallons, but in Ireland increased by1 245,667 gallons. And yet Ireland's population was only one fifth of England's, and decreasing. In Ireland a decreasing population of about 5,000,000 people drank 245,667 gallons of spirits more than in the previous year. Father Matthew's Ghost would be a far better agitator for Paddy than Parnell. 