THE FIRST CHRISTIAN MARTYR. MAECH 18—AFTERNOON. Beading, Acts vii. 54-viii. 1-4. Golden Text, Rev. iii. 21. SUBJECT FOE TEACHING : Theessential difference between ritualism and reality. I.—THE EEASON FOR TIIE MARTYRDOM. The occasion of Stephen's being put to death was this: He was the first boldly to declare that the Jewish ritual was but a system of types, but a ritual. That now all these types had been fully met in Christ the great Reality ; that the past had served its purpose and what that purpose was, and how it was all now met in Christ. Stephen seems to have seen this more vividly and proclaimed tliis more boldly than even Peter or John at the time. The reason for the martyrdom must be fully realised: it makes Stephen the first great anti-ritualist. Have we all seen what Stephen saw—the difference between Ritualism and Reality ? II.—THE HONOUR OF THE MATITTRDOJI. To Stephen belongs the distinguished honour of being able to say, " I was the first to give my life for Jesus." " Christ's first Martyr " is no mean distinction. Contrast Stephen with others first in other fields. Columbus, Harvey, Eaeon, Newton, Robert Raikes. A great honour to be first in any new work for Christ, specially if it costs a sacrifice. III.—THE SPECIAL VISION GIVEN TNE FIRST MAETTB. Two charges brought against Stephen. They said lie spoke against the earthly temple, and God opened heaven and showed his servant the heavenly temple and its glory. That he spoke against the Jewish High Priest; and Stephen was shown the Great High Priest, standing, waiting to crown him. So God's grace suits its vision and messages to the tried. IY.—THE SPIRIT OF TNE FIRST MAETTR. (a) No anger ?'»- Jus calm, luminous reply. (£>) JSererent to the last—" He knelt." The real man is never irreverent in worship, however much lie feels the worthlessness of mere ceremony. If Stephen knelt there, what a rebuke to us if irreverent in our coming to God. He knelt in martyrdom. (e) His fervent, forgiveness of His murderers. " He cried with a loud voice " a real forgiveness, from a real heart. (d) The secret of all His power. He was " full of the Holy Ghost." Note the contrast between the New Test anient account of Christ's death and Stephen's : Stephen's death never referred to as being of any merit as a reason for the forgiveness of sins; but, the Epistles full of references to Christ's death as being this emphatically—a weighty argument for Christ's Divinity. REV. R. H. LOVELL. 