' ,OUR ',S TORY '-TELLE1R. ("j~i; , TH? RA.TB.ESA.VII .ES·.·. .ILE A STOJYS. . . S.I C.. TER XVII: ,N! - .?'. h's not getting ready: he's w dk 'i .ingIalmut the house, talking and' i ijng *-ent ogcms. .Bt- he ist-going h.way, fo he .l ; said so and Gatty's -packing his" portman t e-: team; and len is puttingi:thi white lhbrse *r into tlie.phaton; and please do you ktow w ' hat I[c:note imanss .foralle. -l1onnnis. ." tiia'iiig that chapter almioilL Rc Indians nnd s'si calpe, anilI' want to go baek;.pured M...linx.-perfuoring -another pirouette,' ad' .' ,. another,'with vast excitement, add looks of r mlrodmi,ltlfiereeness. :-, " ;l- " ,o I.don't know what it means,, or what the husineus is'; you can tell.him o," * i-nx departed instantaneously, like a shot. .- ; A little later Rose went down to ithe vicarage. Mr. Savile was gone, and Gatty S-.-ivas reading in the drawng-room alone. i h .. : C".Gattv., f said she tremulously,- "whlat . ,; can this business be?' SOswanld's iuils !.: Oh, I don't know -nothing interestig, I should think, tolis. Probably it iq connected with money mat :e tcrs. ' Papa has a small" property in Deevon shire, which Oswald manages. Why, Kosy, my darling,"how'paltdi'oUlare ! What is tihe matter;" 1 t~othiAg-' nothinit' atil a" and Gatty questioned no futher. Bunt she unfasteled Hose's jaeket andoremoved her hat, and told ;rl.hoar -she -must stiy and aspend-that day at thle irage. !' . o,,, ose did stay; and after lunolcon Gatid ougi:cstcd that .this .was a favourable :o portunity. for, a walk, long. projectedl to * 'the top of Teme?l;ry Hill.' Thlly set ftrth -the two together1: It was one of those S still days, so common in late aittumn, when thework of decay seems sspeniletl for a little while;-when Nature, as it were. pauses to look round upon her dying cdil dren. and to take a last review of their l I eauty ere they pass and are no more. Rich olouring aolmunded ; thie sky wai blue, the wc s' were g lorious in eTery Sariety of tint, the hedgesrespleilent in hips and haws, with here and tliere "a robin reldreast's pincushion." "I do 'love these autmnn 'days," laid Galty, as she and her roung consitt-alked 'side ob side' al ng a solitary* lane. For some, miinutes neither had spoken, and ithe -only sound hadtbeen the, rustling of the l,-a es beenath their feet; and, from time to . me,. a blackbird's song far away. "Ido love these autumni days!', maid Gatty; and her dark eyea glowed -as by \- tomle inward inspiration.. "Do you? I think thley.arer'so nielan rholy-sa depressing." SYon are tired, Rosy; I believe y on should not come this walk to-day." "No, I ant not tired--not in nl- Iod; " m'hlking dot tie gh: d 'We' g ill 'just rest Shere a minute, thoigh, if you dohn' mind, .-by.this gate." . Gatty assented., They paused, leanirig :t ag-ns tite:,: mrils "ao d- abmin there wan S: silence. . ' - - *- ."How still it is!" said Catty presentlr . .. This kind of day always seems to-id like a hlll in the last illness of some one very Ienntiful and ver _ good.. He is looking back o-'litfcon earth, thinking of all that (Cheh.lus ,enjoyedr y oad of all.that'he will Shave toleave.,. ut-.there is a smile upon his face; for in wilat he leaves he sees an arwest of what he will gain. Look, Rbse, , did you. see that leaf 'float, slowly down? \- I should have thought there was not aii t, < enough to severit.from the bough." - ' " ; " or thing! its little day is done. ! It "-.:w greem and: bright'- once", said -Hosc: .. " e hail better.go on now, Gaytt, hadn't . we !"..ho added after a pause.' .- - hGalttystarted, and resumed her-walk. ' t "lam glad you. reminded nie, RItsy. If you were subject to such dreamas lanm.'we should have stayed-I don't know how. long * * -at that gate. . " , S "What do yon dream about Gatty? 'I amn subject to dreams, of some sort, as you know ; but they are not like yours.' ". " 'Whatdo I dream about? "I'oinld not * define; I hardly understand my own moods. S iomething indescribable, half pain,'half rapi ture, comes over me,.andrseems to'carry inm out of myself.- beyond earth, beyond and S- above. '1 feel strange stirrings at my hetrt, stramng inspirations; there seeios td be aono \--ther- spirit within iy spirit, 'exalting and expanding it. ;.--hen' am at home, at such' Stimes, I try to express myself in writing, or, now!andl then, in nmusi; but I'never sue ce: . Inever call exp ress or defilie those -imooil queite as Ifeel tihem;thiey alays Slo- iiiii?ethily, if not nll, of tlieir dividity i:n-thl proceso.? However,irimy most siccess Inl iA ritings have been compo.edl inilertlcir i..Influence" "- '- " "It must he genius, Gatty, that yon feel \--tli% workiigs of geis." "' I iloi't'know'-lcan't tell What it is. I ,ni »lIL-' tonly thlis. thait itis soinethiog externial \--tlhlwledent of myself..' It does not mtike ,. me coueited. for I al 'consiouo ithat I have :nopartinit. ItcmneaawhibIlam.thioking : ? t of it; and when I'wish for it most it will not come." "l ,lWhat brings itpemnerally , : . ' lla willnotintliins ring it; sometimes \- - mueic: not a grand piece of music, a sonita or a fugue, but a little saitple air-: 'Logie o' Bchala' lias brought it often. Then any ___be.tatifuoight.:z.asuaset, the-stares,.or a \---picture;- or even a face. -Thereivas One facc-Gatty's eyes deepened-one face- -gone now--wlhic often.hlirughttit." j ' " I think I'know" wihote face that was, OGaty,' Iltos ventured*, after:a pause, to not thinik of-him- Generally, I cannot apeak it lilmi; iy ii, tcan le itoee aio.tloi h ita n .ii, teht ita . ltle it in -.ti-pafumeml again, looki?g'utiiiords. I I: ;t '"o1lyoeiill 'tflifel. '',T6'ioii. it;Iwasi "s *''.I tL? esi tUili' oay'ti tosel e Jaii' ldoat n'hmoihlttcrcd:"" ** *' ' *"" ' " * - " .. ," Aaint she l pasedi . and tlie color had iall .L-fs^i t*c'oWh htfir..3 frliapnither lnps.der \--1-hii'tasy4 r i v e,r' ye.t are son c'[s. !t " t."*-·I il'llt ou i.ro t is. lto" Sume ,dn the "kiowllMe iii!y he of Utoset you.. It' .-"h 1i windrful eyeoiji . -mio"rlro I h?h sm Ir, t ust'Sirtop tot i tostolifnibri.o"n ' 'on ' :..... tl '. *?''"BaH?you thiim I hae nio sture io totid . El bI' ie0 thatin tlist.! ?r lLe in h.. l it it;I. all.lt' hhl' Bt0 't litai e.solr .'ia-»i?iiid.'?""Slio tuiled:'iilldi looked "at': Hdse' *"id. a in ith?eq rooiud'dfrGI's tutlh. " m ' I "i t. *f: [-.. i aibn' ,uihei :idlerstantI," ,'!iaid'",Rbse "1 will, ex?plai To-morrow, most i• ?lk.l l-shliinll ot' lu able to mention thie IT'* «il,t;ct ;'ht: tt-tlay'I eII,,uid I woill xplaini. -'. 'Rnsv,'lies Go llOt promlieisd, faitS fnaly.lpro-" -o m"luril in to haraid tiitioiseur' pray"eru'r . ; - .l'lut'ii 'thl"e;i'-:··:'He liui pruniis&l; tlit if ' at' .L.i'mngthoiau.ll ci~teling td his will, hie *:' itill liear nus i:Tbhat is my first' stop :.., ! i-t'o. lt ii' oording to hin will" that soulsa should he saved. That in my,, secoad • Istep'-.'- - "' . . " " ** .' ", " .." " , ; *" "i" +."'I have prayed--Ihave pmryed He'only b- i, kios hlow-- with all nmy heirt, su'oill' myn siregpth, and"all 'nli'iiiid, and'hll lliy I tf <oighlit, id ftdeeliege;, aud dlaiic»ifor hio i.'csfl.l--to:?i"' l'ti "o2 i?I , s-if i.£t soal--iy fallen ideal's. -' That is my third step. - ---Z--- S"And my inference, my belief, my glorty; my- sucpport,-in life and il.deatlh is; that Cod,the God of Ti?th." has heard anlnd?la granted, according to,. His promise, that prayer.". .T a i Sie looked up.. The illumination had brightened on her face. And I blievee she said, with hinds eLasp?dd-I believe that, although no hlman eyesale his repeitence, he did relenti . I believe that, althoughl no earthly nasolutign cline o him, he .as hbsolvred. ;. I ,eliirve as Ibelieve God, that. his soul is. at this moment-this moment, while weoaroewalkiig here- with Christ in l'aradise." ... A -terteihis sh wbsr eileat for a epee, arnd, Rose, sfiellboiand,-walked silent by her, silde. ,Presently, having climbeld oniars nod iup wards for a considerable distance. thdey etmerged from a, coppice of fir-tree., and found themselves o .tho saummit of.the hill.. Tlher were fir-trees here, too ; and- in their height, as by traditios ounsd, twas heai-l a gentle munrmuring. Far below, lay tlhe valley of the Teme--"freen pastures andl still waterso"-with woodsi, ald luolyard. and orchards, and cottages, and a village spire or two. Still and cal? were allthigs; and on the far horizon the blue hadl begnhuto mnelt into a "lhaze of yellow light," foed runner of the sunset. The two friends stood and gazed. " It makes one think of the new heavens and the new earth," said Gatty dreamil) "' "I wish I hladyour faith, GCatty. Bt it is beyond me; I cannot underatald it. If'I liad gone, through what you have gone .throdgh,l I should hare lain don. anid died." '..This life has two-w?orlds, Rosy: tihe world of lore and the woorld of work. They. mayibllnd together. 'or they may r?colre, each on its own axis, separatmely. I .haln-e been is the first, d' i wias sweet to be there ; but liow it is closed against me, and Isliall never enter it ag?in this side of the grave. Bit the other renmins anmid I have my posot in it, anid my task to do. I should nbe idle indeend, and owadlyideed, to wish to die." Rose was silent. She stood . lost: in wonder. These things were too hard for her. "If I might only," went on Gatty after a while-and there was something of gnguish in her tone-" if I tight only have'seen him once bef6re lhu`ieit;jif f-inight only have said, ' I forgive you.' 'I lorve you still,' and kieedl his' forehesd nce--just once-I think I should he contented. But that was denlied m e; and the longing, the terrible longi?g- what it was at tirst eicanot express --some tiies it overwhelms me still." IfHer eyes went out over the valley to the sky, as though they would fain pierce it. " Yes, still," she repeated, more to herself than to Rose, ." often I fancy that it will hunt me till I die." " Do .yonthink one. longing ever does haunst a -pieson till he er she dies `-haunt unsatisfied ! "It may, I think-I feat," said Catty, "if it ie a-rong one, or. is in my case, impossible to be satisfied." " " Aid whire that is not positively im possible, what is the- best remedy.?" asked Rosd anxiously. S" There'is only' one," replied Gatty "prayer." ""Uatty, I' have a longlng " a pasionate longing-1 can't tell you swhat it is; but pray for- me-'yonr faith is stronger than aine--that it may, that' it. may,' satis fled." i"I will, my darling," said Gaitty very gently. Then'they turned, and took their Way. dos\n the hill. S CHAPTER XIX: A rr'rme from Oswald ! 'It greeted Rose's eyes when she dpenetd the I ost-bag next iorning. Gatty had spent the niight witi iher, but had gone home to breakfast, arid Iose was alone: "A tliik letter-three stamps on tlie enve lope ; within, sevee.l sheets of 'note-paper, closely coered. Rose felt again that dizziness, that mistiness of sight: which she had felt' when searlchig for the telegram Siie fortified hlerself with a clip of eoffee, lest her' consciousness should, as then, for. sake heri afterwards, 'somewhat revived, unfolded the first sheet, and begani to read: "Lindridge, Oct. 30th, IS--. "MIYr. cn Rosy,-1 told you yesterilay that the mystery which has, 1 fear, caused unplenasantnes, if no niore, between os, was about ttoob cleared up. What this miystery has cost me I cannot tellyou. It iscoutrary to my principles that any concealnment shoull exist between husband and wife: and although this case was, or at least I thought it, one of positive necessity, I have often felt serious miisgivings as to whether or no I were acting rightly, especially when I saw how- you took it-that it rexed you, that but never mind, it is over now, and I have only to ask your forgiveness, Rosy, for any pain that I may have caused you on the snubject. ' , "And now I must explain. It is a long story, and yon ntlnut prepare to he very much astonished. To beg-in at the beginning : do you remembher the day after we cnme honie, that. just as we were starting to go dowli to the vicarage; I was summoned to impson in the steward's room ? I went, expecting to hear of some' matter connected rith the tenants on the land. What I did hear, Rosy, even at this length of tilte, a thrill partly of awe, 1 thinki nrtly of marvel such a thrill as I felt then, strikes thlroegh ine when I recall it, You "know the xoak coppice at the endi of the c:iluleris :iarmen, and tilhe liehl on tihe other side? That,' as I daresay you also kliow, is a faorite bhel of Gatty's; and the evening before you arid I eane lhomeg Sinpson,; passing through; it, saw her walkhng up and diwn, alonev?s.tch ing the suniet - Hebade hergood-night, and passed on'into the'coppice. He hand gone 'olne ight' or tol iyald, wleu lie was startled t 'by a oarl,'hm-a haIUn 'co~egh.; lid pasing, h looking arl iut bin? lher saw- at some mittle'dstanei; alonIo tlie:trees, hile igre sofi a ian Tl otin face s3 . hidtden,. lbt the attituie' ?al Siniipomh' tb'e appseo tat ill orin ,listrems: ho I t 'a leii iiig, ifater a tru'iki, his foehiead: bHewilebd"'his hanili'; ihrit'dreos+'wn a peellsit a-- Sinipson eifeilly remarked d an 'old- faashiselo ' cloaki;"wliicht b hung,rond lo li: in large'foldtla"Thid old nman was abent to move' teiidrds' him; thebn suddenly lie raised his hoad; and. his face ibeame visible. Rowi . it was a face r;hich' we had lonmg ookedl uoni as dead-it iantht fae'of'Rolt Howll: ' : " '.k- - 1I ' oTle'Sight nmade Simpson'i bl od runt :cdld," he said; tmid I could'not" wonider. ;At fhiat e took itfor granted that li he stood in the presenade of a ghost, but a' nminute latdr] he remembered that ' aspilrt bath not flesh and his o rasge ;-i doetew nune to keep sileudic, andc-to. sit tes Hmatter. He hsd not hiens seensby the figure, twhateoer it ni'ht bh:;t ho stood hack hnd wmtim.lnin hmbush. When the'figrenavred, he nmovedat a 'reoptiiu disac:following im omoung the treen ant tbmsugh the beashwooal to the hedgd" on' the eastern side of tie oppiee. Thin Is?elg th, lfigure climb?d.' md let hinmself dowlo ihti ,Ithe road. Simpspn, still at a prutent dis tanee, did tihe same. Hosv he did its with his rheulnatie limibs, remains a amystery but -he:esysthat a new- nstcksb oflife dad vigour seemed to arise ins hinl for tlie'o'en -,..Up hill, -idowii dale, by a 'risouidals?i. route, the uigneS went, tilli hU eatme: so 'Fit-: cotes.-.whe.w es- enveloped in his cltoh, his hat drawsi low over his forehead, andhthn Ssadoped in schl a- manner asn' thoeiiey the ideai f entmenge.' It'wn dask'wheou! Ie reached Firesten. - He walked ntit-iebit idi dt tie farmyard jimste, opened, withauit ksoclt ilag, the hack door of the. hLdmid-aild behll9, entored. -- ->'-: ,-+; ., - - ?- .- - : • -.S.ihmcpnon wiited about t ind+htge ird e roetly' the fannn-lay rossed the yard, atfcd low all fat and'eno-brains, whom Simpson accosted, and,: by, judicious :mana'gement, presently drew 'from. him the information that a .tranger, -as visiting: the !Burtbnsn The boy could not say whether he weroiold or:young; he had never heard his name i he was ill apparently. for. exceptin; when he went out,hle stayed ulptairs, and-.L M 'Bur-s ton took him his meals. . So muchlt anld no'more Simpson gathered. Ho return.l hlome; and, true to his charactcr for discretion,; good old fellow, breathed not one worl on the snbjert untii c.I me no k. I fear I muat have seemed to you Istrangely, dull amuldabsent throughout. that afternoon. liremeniber you often looked at me as though you.-thought so; yoau questioned me,' oo, anld,loyv, to writhstanl yoar questioning, to rlepulso yor sympatlhy; offered so sweetly,' was hardler thmt.youo know.. Moroorerj to open illy mind to you would hare been rqlicf untold. ,,But it was relief in. which I dared not indulge.' I knew that you would be much at the vicarage, and the vicaiage. peojldo uch with us; that my uncle would mention Bolf to you, that Gatty wduld doubtless take you into her confidence' con cerning him, and that both would adays speak of him, and would, of course, ex eet you to speak of him, as dead. ; Now,' how could you. knowing what I knhw, unddrgo this woithout betraying the secret! ' rou could out-of that I was sure.. For it is not in you to carry. one a deception ro' a concealhent:, you are too sitple, too t ue, too young. You cannot hide from nme, for instance-but never mind thibsnow. Sulfie it to say. I knew, in the ease 1I have up. posed, that you . woul.d blush, that -ou would falter, that Gatty'a eyes would read you through and through ;.and 1I: decided that. nlat tell you not one word of tlhat was tilling my mind. Abin lI ahk, forgive me, Rosy ; ,it is over now. , .In the evening I went over to Firootes, resolved to penetrate this mystery. As 3 walked, looking back to old days, I relnoe bored that Burton and Rolf Howell. had been sworn friends. They had taken a ,mutual fancy when first they tmet. Rolf, as a boy, had. been continually at Fircotes, ratting, rabbit-lnnting, and so forth. Then .Burton had a beautiful little child, whom Rolf.lptted ; he liked. everything beautiful poor. fellow. In one of: his long. vaeationi she fell ill, and he was very kind to hdr- went often to see her, taking picture-leoks. toys, and things to tempt her appetite; asie used to watch, Burton told me, for his visits. Shle died at last, and her death sealed Burton's gratitude ; he ,never forgot Rolf's kindnes. to that. child. .The' norer I thought of these things, the more certaid I felt that Simpson had not been mistaken that Rolf had really been at Fircotes. ' " Had been ; whether he were at Fircotes still was another .matter. I reached the house : Burton was at home.. I was shown into his sitting-rcom. It was hard worl to get at the truth,.but I. did, tthrough a vast amount of evasions, hesitations, scruples,'get at.it at last.. By degrees the whole story was told : 1 had it all before me, plain and clear. . " Four nights ago, soon after dark, a man multlied in a cloak, and bento, asn if by age, hlad appeared' at the.back door of Fircotes, and had requested to speak to the, master. Burton had gone out to. him, and he had then, gradually-not tumtil quite: the last revealing his face-announced himself as that Roalf Howell who n all believed to be deadl, ,I will 'not spin out,my.story! by enlarging, as Burton of course enlarged,' on the shock to himself-his doubts, fears, feel iegs ; all those yoa ean imbagine. And those pacified, Bolf set to work to account fori his reappearance. .I forget whether, when I told.you his story, I told you.thqt my uncle and 1 could not remain in London to see him off.. We were bot, .wanted elsewhere--my, uncle at Bridgend. and, I at Coleford--hnd thus 1were obliged to leave him two or three days before thaton owhich the slip .wa~ to tail. It eems.that on the very day we left he encountered in ,n: coffee-honse an old Oxford friend; one, who had been. his con-. fidant respectinig Catty, and his constant' companion in the time of his praperpity; when his character was yet smooth-a san. something of a Pharisee, I should imagine,' unblemished in reputation and in outward life; ose.who would have no sympathy witli a black shleep, such ase poor Rolf w"as.:now Rolf, who.had seen nothing of him sincc the epoch when tho.blackness began, rctreatgd to the further end of the. coffee-room,- and took up a newspaper.to hido.his face. Bc hind this screen he heard the friend talkiig to a companion-lieard,. to his honor, .that lie was about to sail, as Rolf was to sail, Ifor Australia, and had taken passage in the same Chip-the John Bull. " This was enoughs for Rolf : Ihe ruslced from the coffee-house,, went to a certahi acquaintance of his-one of the lowest of.thie low-Alfred Wilson by name..who was also, as IRolf knew, about to try his fortune at'theo diggings, and with him effected an exchange. Alfred Wilson was to adopt the' name and personality of Rolf Howell, and, in Rolf'a stead, to sail in the John Bull. In retuin for this, and for a, promise of secrecy, Rolf gave over to him, not merely the better Imrtlt--for Wilson's own passage had been taken in the steerage of an, inferior vesscel- but also oas much of hIis outfit anti personal property ao a already shipped. Ito happened, the negociations having been con ductol tlrough my uncle and myself, that IRolf and the captain of the John Bull had never met. The exchanlcge was therefore an easy matter. Alfred XWiison ailed as Rolf Howell in the John Bull'; mnd Rolf Howell, two days later, sailed as Alfred Wilson in tihe iagara. "Soon'aftr iliis"Eri?i i"iii Australia he heard that the, John Bull had been lost. and knew that lie was dead in Ibody, as in mind, to those at lhoiime. -He reolved not! to undeceive them. - No onte, lie thought, save Catty, eaied whether he were dead or alive; a?d it was better for Gatty to 'believe' hinm dead and done with than still' in'this world -separated from her and front all who' Ihad loied him; perhaps'sick, 'perhaps n iserabl,; ierhacu siniing--certainly lonely' ' Soa Ice kept his nate of Alfred' Wilson; and wrote nb word hlome.'-,- " : " '- ' , ' ' : , .;' He didi'not prospr at the digings';' hc "layl no hocrt,'heas"ol. 'to prospooi' Energy ind lopo'weregon'e.'and presentIy;,to'mutae thingsa worrse'e fell ill.' A.' a oitght;"?d iit coctinuao iiai.in hi, cheteau, c. lpnm and clung toki,. 'Sumo tolm h.!hiftl:th t. Ia' vaoo' in.a deiliue Iori efused .ot tirsti;to believe them; but after a whil, gram ving: no~ettei," he began: t fear they migitbe u.riglht.t Theoi arose tlia.hearta burningsl desire to see Gatty.. Ha has told me since,, poor. fellb, that it.was like aif ver, land consumed hiln .night. ani da i.,;: Atlength:.it heeaue' strong thalto!e felt he .must, at, any. ?cot indulge it. ' Hadihell itself, :lie, said, laih between him and her, Ior woulid have, tra versed it, icd been thankful only to;lboa: into, her wonderful, eyes. So h, took '' steerage ticket in'an emingnt hip, and 'c'me'hoote? ' " ."TThe 'voyage resio'ed hiim-iiii ftct re stored ilhifor the tiio He felt b iiitt e cll Whn'e h'clcmled in' Ecigani, and et iowusdt ki la'icg:" snt 'moheinc for Tnlloods, tou o alm iby lovs ,lgreh , c intito a; Wrc-tcatcqrainir He ineiht ttrcight to Fireote'ae cIs one reourc. Burton told sl~ce hat hI sblohld uever forgbt lcos'is tbicafirset inter'ido, ic 'pra?dd hici," for tiheloteo f God, for'thle.1re ofn the tcead bchild;c to gno" him board atldc lheltc'r,' in seeroey, justtfor two das- jont till 'be Iad seen Ottty.' SWiod Simpsoo encounsterred Iim in tihe oeapplo, he hIacseenoh ct.o' He' had ilt ~ic gazLing at bher throaigh tlicohedci'to?g he' walked np and dotnstce Iiehl. ', Se hI cetucnced to Fircote,, inutodindg to leaveit: next dda y but'he wec tilorounhlty exhacoted, .n:odtheoBurtoaso-tl- yheyocre oiliged :to I1? tIr.e Borton into the secret-perstacled s mim to stay nother oight or tao, to recruit h1c strengtl.. si' : :. ,·;: ?. ,. (To beeoontinued.) ,': :r id always rieady, to scrpe a ncwr 'acuaint 