TALES AND SKETCHES. DONAL GRANT. . ; : BY- GEORGE MACDONALD. Auxaon of Alec Foudes, IIaloolm, &q.;, ko. CHAPTER XXIII. — (CONTINUED.) u But now,' said Donal," I must go 'round and have a peep at the other side of the cliim- nejB." He disappeared, and Aretnrn and Davie stood waiting his return, Tliov looked each in the other's face with delight, as if in the con scious sharing of tlio great adventure. Beyond their feet lay the wiue country and the great sea ; over them tlio sky with the sun in it going down towards the sea ; under their feet the mighty old pile that was their house ; and under that the earth with its molten heart of fire. But Davie's look was in reality ono of triumph in his tutor. It said, " Is it not grand to be all day with a man like that, talking to you and teaching you That at least was how Arctura interpreted his look. It seemed almost an assertion of superiority to hor, inas much as this man was his tutor and not hers ; and she replied to the thing unspoken, perhaps nnthought except by herself. " I am his pupil, too, Davie," she Baid, " though I do not think Mr. Grant knows it." " How- can that be," answered Davie, " when yon are afraid of lrim ? I am not a bit afraid of him 1" " How do yon know that I am- afraid of him ?' she asked. "Oh, anybody could see that 1" Since she turned the talk on Donal, Arctura had not cared to look tho hoy in tho fnco. She was afraid she had spoken foolishly, and Davie might repeat her words. She did not quite wish to hasten any further intimacy with him; things seemed going in that direction fast enough. Her eyes, avoiding Davie's counten ance, kept reconnoitring the stack of chim neys. " Ain't you glad, to have snch a castle to call all yonr own — to do what you like with, Arkio ? Yon could pull it all to pieces if you liked !" " Would it he less mine," said Arctura, " If I were not at liberty to poll it to pieces ? And wonld it bo mine when I had pulled it to pieces. Davie t" Donal bad come round tho other side of tho stack, and heard what slio said. It pleased him, for it was not a little in his own style. " What makes a tiling yonr own, do you think, Davio ?" alio went on. "To bo ablo to do with it what you Eke," replied Davie. - "Whether it ho good or bad ?" " Yes, I think so," answered Davie, doubt fully. "There I think yon were quite wrong," she rejoined. " Tho moment yon begin to use a thing wrong, that moment you mnko it less yours. I can't quite oxpluin it, but that is how it looks to ine." She coased, and after a moment Donal took up the question. " Lady Arctura is quite right, Davie," ho said. - " Tho natnro, that is the uso of a thing is that only by which it can bo possosscd. Any othor possession is liko a slave-owning, not a righteous having. Tho right to uso to tho true purpose and tho power to do so is what "nukes a thing ours. I am not thinking of tho law in whatl say, hut of the'naturo of things, Suppose you had a very beautiful pioturo, but from some defect in your sight you could .never seo that picture as it rcaily was, while a servant iu the house not only saw it as it was meant to ho seen, hut had such an intense delight in gazing at it that even in his dreams it came to him and made him think of. many things ho would not have thought of but for knowing it— which .of you, you or the servant in your house, would have tho more real .possession of that picture ? You could sell it away from yourself, and never know anything about it, but you couid not by all the power of a tyrant take away that picture from your servant." " Ah ! now I understand, " said Davie, with a look at Lady Arcturujwhioh seemed to say, "You see how Mr, Grant can mnko mo under stand," "I wonder," said Lady Arctura, "what that curious opening in the aido of tho chimney stack means. It can't be meant lor tho smoko to como out at.'-' - " No," saiil. Donal ; " tliore is not a mark of smoko abont it. Besides, if it had been meant for that, it would hardly havo been put half way from tlio top. I can't make it out. A hole liko that in any chimney would surely interfcro with tho draught. The mouth of that chimnoy .seems to be up among the rest of them. I must get a ladder and seo whether it he a chimney, " If you were to put mo up on your shoulders," said Davie, " I should he ablo to seo into the hole," "Come then ; up yon go," said Donal. And up went Davie, standing on his tutor's shouldors, and peeped iu the slit which ran horizontally across. "It looks very liko a chimney," he said, turning his head and thrusting it in sidewayB. " It goes right down to somewhere," lie said. yut rttfo.i? something across it a little way down — to prevelit die' jackdaws from getting in, I suppose." 11 J2 it," "Donal. " Something liko a grating, answered Davie, " — -uo, not a grating oxaotly. It is what you might call ii grating, hut it Beoms made of wires all running ono way. I don't think it would keep a Btrohg bird outif he wanted to get in." " Aha," saidDonal to himself, "I suspect there is something here. What if those wires were tuned. Did you ever seo an .Eolian harp, my lady i" he asked. " I never did," " Yes," answered Lady Arctura, " once when I was. a little girl. And now you sug gest it, I think the sounds wo hear are not un like those of an ri-loliau liarp ! Tlio strings are all about tho saino length, I remember that — only differently tuned. But I do not understand the principle of it at all. Some how they all play together, and make the straugest, wildest harmonies, when tho wind blows across them in a particular way," " I fancy wo lmvo found tho nest of our music bird," said Donal. " The wires Davie speaks of may he tho strings of an ri-iolian harp ! I wonder if there is, any possibility of a draught across thom ! I mu6t get up and see. I will go and get a ladder," . " But how couid thero be an Aeolian harp up here " said Arctura. " Something is here," answered Donal, " which needs accounting for ; it may ho an AJollan harp." - .- " But in a chininoy ! tho 6oofc would spoil the strings 1" ; "Then perhaps it is not a chimnoy ; is there any sign of soot about, Davie 5" " No, sir ; thero is nothing but pretty clean stone and lime." ' "You see, my lady, we do not-cvpn know that this is a chimnoy !" " " What else could it be, standing with tho rest ?" " At least it has never served the uses of a chimney, so far- as - we can see. It may have been built for one ; if it had ever been used for one, tho marks of smoko wonld remain had it been disused ever bo long. But now we will go, and to-morrow I will come up with a ladder." "Will you not- got it- now!" said Arctura. " I should so like to be thore when it is found out." . " As yon please, my lady. I will go at onee and get a ladder,' There is one' not far from the bottom of tho tower." "If you do not 'mind the trouble, I should so like to see tlio end of tho thing!" ' " I will come and help you to carry it," said Davie. "Yon mustn't loavo your cousin alone. Besides, I am not sure I can get it up the stair. I am afraid it is too long. Anyhow, yon could not very well help me. If I find I cannot get it np that way, we will rig up our old tackle and fetch it up as we did the coal and wood." Ho went, and tho couBins sat down to wait bis return. It was a cold evening, but Arctura wa3 well wrapped up, and Davio was hardy. They sat at the foot of the chimneys and begau to talk. " It is such a long time since you told me anything, Arkio 1" said the boy. " Yon do not need mo now to tell you any thing. You have Mr. Grant. You like him much better than over you did mo !" " You see," said Davie, not denying the as sertion, " ho began by making mo a little afraid of him — not that he meant to do that, I think ; lie only meant that I should do what ho told mo, I was never afraid of you, Arkie 1" " Yet I was much crosscr to yon than Mr. Grant, I am sure." " Mr. Grant is never cross ; and if over yon were, I have forgotten it, Arkie. I only remember that I was not good to you. I am sorry for it now when I lie awake in bed ; but I say to myself you forgive mo, and go to sloop." " What makes you think I forgive you, Davie V" said Aroturn. " Because I lovo you." This was not very logical, and set Arctura thinking. Sho did not forgive tho hoy because ho loved her ; hut tho boy's lovo to her might mako him suro she forgavo him. Lovo is its own justification, and soes its rcflcotion in ail its objects. Forgiveness is an essential belonging of lovo, and cannot be parted from it, "Aroyou very fond of my brqthcr ?" asked Davio after a pause. " Why do you ask mo that "Because tlioy say you and ho arc going to bo married Borne day, and yet you don't seem to care to bo much together." " It is all nonsenso," replied Arctura, red dening, "I wish people wonld not talk such foolishness," " Well, I d(> think he is not so fend of you as of Eppio." . " Hush ! hush ! you must not talk of such things." ' . " .' " But I've seen himkiss Eppio, and I never saw him kiss you." '.. "No, indeed !" "But is it right of Forgue, if he is going'to marry you, to kiss Eppie '! That's what I- want to know 1" " But ho is not going to marry me." - - "He would if you told him you wished it. Papa wishes it very much." : : - " How do you know that " "From many things I -havo heard him say.- Once ho said, ' Afterwards, when the -house is our own,' and I asked him what ho meant by- it, and lie said, ' when Foiguo marries your pretty cousin, then the castlo will bo Forguo's. That will bo how it ought to he, you know for property and title ought never to bo parted.1 " The hot blood rose to Arctnra's temples. Was she a thing to be flung in as a make weight to property ? But sho called to mind how Btrangc hor uncle was, and how ho had been growing ever stranger. Surely but for that ho would not, whatever ho might think havo been guilty of the imprudence of talking in that way to a boy whoso very simplicity rondered liiui the more dangerous. "You would not like to have to give away your castle, would you, Arkie ?" ho went on. " Not to any one I did not love." " If I were you, I would not marry anyone, but keep ray castle to myself. I don't see why Forgue or anyone else should have your castle." " Then you think I should mako my castlo my husband ?" .. " He wonld be a good big husband anyhow, and a strong, and ono that would defend you from your enemies, and not tallf jy.yqq you wanted £o bo quiet," " That is all very true ; but one nuebt f— all that get a Utfo w.-- < ..uwever big and strong he might be." " But he would never be a cruel husband. I heard papn say a great deal about somo cruol husband ; it seemed sometimes as if ho meant himself ; but that could not be, because papa could never have been a cruel husband." Arctura made no reply. All but vanished memories of things sho had heard when a child, hints and signs here and there that all was not right between her uncle and aunt, vaguely returned. Could it ho that now. at last ho was repenting of harshness to his wife, and the thought of it waB preying upon him, and driving him to a rcfugo of lies 1 But in tlio presence of the boy she could not think tlnw abont his father. Sho was reh'eved by tho return of Donal, which put an end to tlio conversation. He had found it rather a difficult job to get the ladder round tho sharp curves of tho stair but now at last ihey saw him with it upon ins shoulder coming over a distant part of tho roof. " Now we shall see," he said, as he set it down, leaned it up against the chimney, and stood panting. " You have tired yourself out," said Lady Arctura, " with that ladder." i" Well, wherc's the harm, my lady, in that ? A man was meant to get tired a good, many times beforo he lies dawii for the last time !' rojoined Donal lightly. Said Davie, " Was a woman meant, Mr. Grant, to many a man she does not love ?" " No, certainly, Davie." "Mr. Grant," said Arctura, in dread of what Davie might say next, " what do you take to be the chief duty of one belonging to an ancient family, and . inheriting a largo pro perty ? Ought a woman to get rid of it, or to attend to Us duties herself Donal thought a little. "Wo must first settle what is the main duty of property, and that I am hardly prepared to discuss." . . "But is there not a duty owing to tho family V" "There are a thousand duties owing to tho family." " I don't mean those yon are living with, but those who are gone before you, aud have left the property to you. Tho property called mine belongs to my family rather than to' me, and if there had bcen'a son it would havo gone to him. Should I not be doing better for tho family by giving it up to the next heir, and letting him manage it ? I am not disinterested qnito in storting tho question, for power and property are of no great importance in my eyes. To mo they aro rather hindrances in the path I want to walk in." " It seems to mo," Baid Donal, " that the fact that you would not have succeeded had there been a son points to another fact, that there has been another disposer of events con cerned in the matter : you were sent into the world to take the property." ' " God of course is over all, and overrules all things to his ends." " And if ho has been pleased to let tho pro- porty como to you, he expects you to perform tho duties of it. Theso aro not to be got rid of by throwing the thing aside, or giving to. another to do instead of you. Perhaps if" your first duty in regard to the property was to your family as tho giver, and not to God, the question might put itself as yon suggest — but I confess I havo hardly interest enough in such matters to be capable of discussing them. I un derstand my duty to my sheep or cattle, to my master, to my father or mother, to my brother or sister, to my pupil, Davie horc ; I owe my ancestors love and honor, and tho keeping of their namo unspotted, though that duty is fore stalled by a higher ; but as to the property they leave behind them, over which they have no moro power, and which now in all proba bility they neither value nor think about, ex cept perhaps it bo to bomoan tho added diffi culty it is to tho escape of their children, I do not seo you can he under uuy obligation to them beyond or other than that which is com prised in tho duties of tho property itself." " But a family is not merely those that are gone beforo, but thoso that are to come aftor ; would you soy it was one's duty to get rid of property in order that thoso to como after might not he burdened with its temptations and responsibilities 5" " Not at least by merely shifting tho diffi culties from your own family to that of an- othor. Besides, it would be to take tho ap pointment of things into your own hands, instead of obeying tho orders given you. And hero again, tho best thing for those to come after is to rocoivo tho property with its duties pcrforraod, with tho light of righteous ness radiating from it." " What then do you call the duties of pro perty J" " In what does the property consist " In land to begin with." "'If. the -land were of no value, would tho possession of it involve duties 5" " I suppose not." : " In what does the value of the land con sist V Ludy Arctura did not at once attempt an answer to tlio question, and Dona!, after a little pause, resumed. " If you valued things as the world values them I should not care to put the question to yoiry hut I am afraid you may havo some lingering notion that God'b way is the true way, but man's way mnst not bo disregarded. One thing, however, must be held for certain, that nothing that is against God's way can be true ; and therefore I say tlio value of property consists only in -its - being means, ground, or material to' work his will, withal. There Is no success in the universe bnt in his will being done." . Arctura was silent. Sho had inherited pre judices which, while sho hated selfishness, were yet thoroughly selfish. Thoso belong to the ovil8 in us hardest to got rid of. They are even cherished for a lifetime by some of tho otherwise loveliest of souls. Therefore knowing that here sho must think, and would think, Dounl went no further for tho time : a house must havo its foundations well settled before tbey are built upon ; argument where tho grounds of it are in dispute is worse than useless. Ho turned to his ladder, set it up carefully, mounted, and peered into the open ing. At the length of his arm he could'reach the wires Davie had described : they were taut, and freo of rust — were therefore not iron or steel. Ho saw also that a little down , the shaft light came in from the opposite side there was an opening there too. . Next he saw that' each following string — for strings he already counted them— itself horizontal, was placed a little lower thau liist-Ds'vIi it. JO. that their succession wa3 inclined to the o ther |s«i8 and downwards, apparently in' a »!»as uotWe® the tivo Openings, that, a draught might pass along them in ono plane, and that their own plane : this must surely bo the in strument whence the music flowed 1 He descended. " Do you know, my lady," ho asked Arctura, "how. the yivoliau harp is placed in relation to tho wind that wakci it S" . "The only ono I have seen," she answered, " was made to fit into a window, in which tho lower sasli'was opened just wide enough to lot it in, so that tho wind entering must pass across the Btrings." Then Donal was satisfied — he was at least all but certain. " Of course," he said to Arctnra, after dc-' scribing to her the whole arrangement,' " we cannot- be absolutely certain' until we iuiv'o been hero 'present with ' the intisic, and .Hare experimented by covering and uncovering "the opening. For that we must ' wait tHe neit south-east wind. « r-':c "I should so much like to be here," she said, "whenitcome3i"- ' " If.it be neither dark, nor in the middle' of tho. night," said Dona), "nothing will' ho easier." So they descended and parted. - ; Chapter XXrV. But Donal did not feel that even then would he have exhausted the' likelihood of discovery. That the source of the music that had so long haunted the houBO was nn vEolian harp in a chimnoy that had never or scarcely been used might no enough for the other dwellers in.the castle, but Donal wanted to know as well why, if this was a chimney, it had been seldom ami was never used ; also to what room it was a chimney. For tlio thought had struck him — could tho music havo anything to do with tho main legend that hung vaporous about the ancient home ? Perhaps he might not so im mediately have sought q possible connection botween tlio two, hut that the talk about the unknown room in the castle had gone on spread ing ; inquiry after popular legendary lore had come nearer and nearer, and that had naturally increased the talk about it. At the same time were heard occasional and increasing hints as to a ghost being even nor/ seen at. times'about the castle. As to this latter, Donal had con cluded that one or more of the domestics might have had a glimpse of the earl in his restless night .walks about the heuso, and had either imagined a' ghost or bad chosen to use tho memory of their own fright to produce like effect upon yielded listeners. With all its vagueness, the report was yet, as was natural, associated with that of the lost chamber, as if from that the spectre issued, and to that lie re turned. Various were the conjectures as to what ghost it might be — among the few who wore incEned to believe in such tilings, according, to the version of the story adopted. Donal, by nature strongly urged towards tho roots of things, could not fail to let his mind rest at times even on such a comparatively unimpor tant rumor of mystery, and cherish a desire to discover whether auy or liow much truth was at the root of it— for a root, great or small, there must ho to everything, oven tho greatest lie that ever was told— a root that is, if not in the material, then in tho moral world. But ho had no right to go prying about the place, or doing anything which, if known, might be disagreeable. He must take an opportunity of first suggesting tho idea to Lady Arctura. By the way she took it he would be guided. For the present he must wait. Hi3 spare hours were now much occupied with his friend Andrew Comin. The good man had so far recovered as to think himself able to work again ; hut lio soon found it was very littlo be could do. His strength wa3 gone, and the exertion necessary to tho lightest labor caused him pain. It was sad to watch him on his stool, now pntting in a stitch, now stopping for the eougli which so sorely haunted his thin, wind blown tent. His face had grown very white and thin, and ho had nearly lost his merriment, though not his cheerful ness, for lie never looked other than quite con- tont however things were with him. Ho had made up his mind that he was nut to got bet ter, but was to go homo through a lingering illness. Ho was ready to go and ready to lin ger, as God pleased. Nor was there anything wonderful iu its being so with such a man. To most it will appear more wondorful that he had no uneasiness as to liow his Doory would faro when ho was gone. Tho house was theirown, but there was no monoy in it — not even enough to pay the taxes ; and if bIio sold it, the proceeds would not ho enough for hor to livo upon. Tho neighbors, with tho instinct of inferior natures, were severe upon Andrew's indiffercnco to her . welfare/manifest,' they judged, in his groat cheerfulness on tho brink of tho grave ; hut scarco one of them know tlio world of faith in which ho lived, or could have understood that for tho cobbler to ahow the smallest danger of things going wrong for Doory wonld have been to go down to tho gravo with the feeling that the universe was. upheld only in the slippery arms of cliaricc. A little moan escaping from Doory, as Bho- looked one evening into her moncy-tcapot, mado Donal ask her a question or two. She confessed that she had hut a sixpenco left. Now Donal had spent next to nothingsinoo lie came, and had therefore a few pounds in hand. Hia father and mother, ho knew, were in want of nothing : his friend Sir Gibbio Galbraith was such a good son to them that, compared with foregone hardships, never at tho time- counted such, tlicy were now living in luxury. Old Robert doubted whether ho was not ministering to the flesh in letting J anct provide becf-broso ft) r him twice in the week ! So Donal was freo to spend for the friends next: him— which was just what tho people at home, who were grand in the way they thought abont money, would havo approved of. Never in that little cottage has a penny been wasted never onee one refused where there wan. immediate need. But first ho must talk to Andrew. " An'rew," ho Baid, " I'm thinltin' ye maun- be growin' some short o' sificr i' time timos o' - warklessness 1" " Deed, I wadna won'cr 1" answered' Andrew. " Doory says naothing aboot sio trifflrs." " Well,1 returned Donal," " tliank God I hae some i' the iU pickle o' no beiu ithcrwiso wantit, an' sae, in danger o' cankerin' ; an'" atweon brithers there sudna he twa purses." " Ye hae yer ain fowk to luik efter, sir,"" said Andrew. " They're weel luilrit efter — better nor ever- " they war. i' their Eves— they're as wcclaff as I- ; am mysel' up i' yon gran' castle. They hao a- ' " freen wha but for them,', or scmtbcJ" i'—theis? ' stead,, wad ill hae lived to be the great "vot. ho.-, isthe noo ; nu' "iCI— aethin" ov" gmokla.-, for him to do for tbem ; sae my siller's my Sftr to do ivi' as I like— an' I liko you an' Doory ,as yo weel ken, better hor onybody but a 'feow auld freens." ' Thereupon the old man put him. through a' catechism as to his ways and means and pro- . spects, and finding that Donal believed ar firmly as himBelf in the care oi the Master;, and was 'convinoed there was nothing that" Master would rather seo bim do with his money than help those who needed it, esnccr— ally those who.trustcd in him, he yielded." " It's no, yo see," Baid Donal, " that I hao ony doobt o' the Lord providm' gien I had' failc, but he bauds the thing to my ban', just as mickie as gien, he said, 'there's for you to du', Donal.' The fowk o' thiswarl', Andrew, mioht say it was hard on a puir studont to haa to pairt his hard won cash; but you an' me" kens better, An'rew. We ken there's nao guid in sEler, ony mair than in ony thing" ithcr, but to do tho wuU o' tho Lord wi' it- an' help to ana anithcr is the thing he likes best to see come o' tho siller. It's no 't ho'a- short himsel', ye ken, Andrew !" " Weel, I'll tak it," said the old man. "There's whatl hae," returned Donal, hand ing him the money, "Na, na; nana o' that!" said Andrew. "Ye'ro treatin' me like a muckle reivin' sornin beggar— offerin' mo a' that at ance 1 AVhaur . syne wad he the prolonged sweetness o' liaeinr 't free yer ban' as frae the neb o' an alngel- corbie sent frao varra hame wi' yer denncr."' Here shone' a glimmer of the old merriment through the worn look and pale eyes — " Na; ' na, sir," ho went on ; "jist talk the thing owor wi' Doory, an' lat her hae what she wants and nae -mair. She wadna like it. Wha kens' what may come i' the meantime— Deith hiin sol', maybe ! Or see — gie Doory a five shii- lius, tin' whan that's done she can lat ye ken." Donal was forced to-leave'it thus, bat lie- did his utmost to impress upon Doory that all he had was at her disposal. "I got new clothes," he said, "just before I . come ; I have all I can possibly want to eat and drink and much more ; and for books, there's a whole ancient Ubrary at my service ! - —what can I want moro ? It's just a mero luxury to hand tho monoy over to you, Doory. I'm thinkiu', Doory," for lio had got by. this- time to address the old woman by her hus band's pet name for her, " there's nacbody i" tills warl', 'cop' the oonseen Lord himsel', lo'cs yer maa sae weel as you an' me. Weel ken I" ; yon an' him wad shore yer lost crust wi' me ; an' I'm only giein' ye o' yer ain good wait when ye tak sae long as I hae onytliing." Thus adjured the old woman made no diffi culty if her husband was satisfied, she was" satisfied. The time was now drawing nigh far the . return of Lord Forgue, but Eppic had learned only bis absence, and nothing concerning liis . return. But as if she foresaw it, there was a restless light in her eyes. When Stephen Kennedy heard that Eppie- had gone back to her grandparents, a faint hope revived in his bosom ; he knew nothing of the late passage between the lovers and her friends. He but knew that she was looking sad, us if she had lost her lover, and it seemed to him as if now sho might at least admit him to be of some service to her. Separation had begotten more and more gentlo thoughts of her in his heart ; he was ready to forgive every thing, and believe nothing serious against her, if only she would let him love her again. The modesty of true lovo had, however, restrained him from throwing himself in her way until some time should have elapsod, allowing her to forget a little. He haunted the honse, however, in tho hope of getting a peep of her ; and when she began to go again into tho town ho saw her repeatedly, following her for the sake of being near her, but taking care sho should not sec him, aud partly from her self-absorp tion, he succeeded in escaping her notice. At length, however, ono night rather more than a month after lier return, ho tried to- summon up courage to accost her. It was a warm, lovely, moonlit night, half the street floored with quaint blaok - shadows from tho gables, the other shining like the sand on the seashore in the ycUow light. On the moony sido tho people standing at their doors could rccogniso each other's face, but in the shadow it was not easy to teU who was passing at a littio distanco. Eppio had gone into the baker's, whoso daughter was her friend ; Kennedy had soen her go in, and stood in the shadow, waiting for hor to come out, and jF , but dotcrmincd to speak to her that night if hfcr could. Sho remained within a good while, but oue accustomed to wait for tho fish of the sea learns patience. At length she appeared. By this time, howover, though not his patience, Kennedy's courage had nearly ovaporatcd, and when he saw her coming towards him, ho stopped under an archway, let her pass, aud followed afresh. All atancca rcBolve, .which | yot.was no resolve, -awoko in him. _Ho did not ; mow how .or whonco it icamc. He said it was . aslf.aome.one — uotlhat hojfoltanything— had taken .biin by tho shonkUrs .and pusllod liim op toiler.. Bhe. started .when he stepped in front of hor, and gave a little . cry- "JDinna he fuart at me, Eppie," tsaid Ken- . hedy. "I wadsa hurt. a hair o' ycr heid. I- wadraither bo skinned mysel'-l" " Gang away," said Eppio. -"Yo kno nae rioht -to como afore me." "None but the riciit o' lo'-oin'ye better nor ever," said Kennedy, gion sue hens ye'll lot me .ouy igait shaw't !" Tho. words Boftcncd her;- she had dreaded reproaches, if not some outbreak of indignant : remonstrance. She began, to cry. "<Jien onything i' my . pooer wad t»k' tho grief ali o' ye, Eppio;" said Kennedy, " yc hae but to. -spealc — ye maun ken that! I'm no gauin' to ask you to marry mo, for that I ken ye wudna care aboot ; but -gien. I can he a. frcen to you or yours, or may be alloot to do onything to help i'.y.er;triblc,.I'm ready .to lay me i' the dirt afore you. I hae nae care for mysol' ony raair, an' therefore maun do some thing for somebody — an' wha sae soon as yer- eel', Eppie 1" For solo answer, Eppie went .on crying. She was far from happy. She had nearly, she -thought, persuaded herself that all was over between her and Lord Forguo, and she felt almost as if she could but forshame have allowed Kennedy to comfort hor an an old friend. But everything in her mind was so confused, and everything around her so miserable, that .there was nothing, to. be done but pry. And as she continued crying, and they -were in a walled lane into which no win dows looked,. Kennedy, in the simplicity of his heart, nnd Euo desire to nomfort her who little _ quietly, -bat with throhbing heart op to her, and ' around iier, Said «&iin.; jj/nha . be'feart at me, Eppie. I'm a man owisr Vair hertit to do ye ony hurt. It's no as my bin, Eppie, I wad preshume to do onything for ye, hut only as an auld frcen, fain to tak tho dog alio' ye. Are ye in want o' onything? Ye. maun hae a heap o' trible, I wcel ken, wi' yer . gran' father's mischance, an' it's hat easy to un'crstan' things may wcel be turnin' scarce wi, ye ; hut be sure o' this, that as Hag's my mitber has onything, sho'li be blyth to Bhare the same wi' you an youra." He said bis molAcr, but sho had nothing save what he provided for her. "Tliank ye, Stephen," said Eppie, touched with his goodness, " but there's nae necessity. We hae plenty." 'She moved on, hor apron still -to her eyes. Kennedy followed her. , " Gieu the yoang lord hae wranged ye ony gait,' he said, " an' :gion there be ony amends ye wad hae o' him " Sho turned on him with a quickness that was almost fierce, and in the dim light Kennedy saw her eyes blazing, " I want nacthiug frae your han', Stephen Kennedy," she said. " My lord's naetliing to you — nor yet muckle to me |" she added, with sudden reaction and an outburst of self pity, and fell a weeping and sobbing violently, . Ajgnin, with tho timidity of a strong man before a girl ho loves, and whose displeasure he fears, Kennedy tried to comfort her, seek ing to wipe her eyes with her apron, as if that would stop her tears. While he was thus en gaged, another man, 'turning a corner quickly, came nearly upon them. He started back, then came nearer as if to satisfy himsolf who they were, and spoke. It was Lord Forguo. Eppie !" lie criod,-in a tone in which indig nation blended with surprise. Eppie uttered a little shriek, and ran to him. But be .pushed her away. " My lord," said Kennedy, " tho lass will nano o' me— or my help. I sair doolit there's none but -yorser can please her. Bat I sweir by God, iny lord, gion ye do lier ony wrang, Til no rest, uicht nor day, till I hae made ye xopent it." " Go to the devil 1" said Forgue ; " what have yon to do with her 1 Speak out like a man, and show yonr right, and you may take her. I am hardly prepared to go halves with yon." Agsin Eppie would have clung to him, but again be pushed her away. " Oh, my lord 1" and could go no further for weeping. This touched liim, " ?ow is ;t 1 fi"d yon here with this man ?" he said. "I don't want to be unfair to you, but. von will own this is rather too much !" " My lord," said Kennedy. " Hold your tongue' and let her speak for herself and you too." " I had no tryst wi' him, my lord 1 I never bade him come, near mo," sobbed Eppie. "Ye see What ye hae done?" she went on turning in anger upon Kennedy, and her tears suddenly ceasing; "never hut ill hae ye brocht upo me ! Wliat business bad ye to come after me this gait, an' ma1:' mischief .atwecn my lord an' mo ? Can a body no set flit ayemt tho door sill, hut thoy maun bo follow't o' them tliuy wad seefar eneuoli Kennedy turned without award and Went, Eppie with a fresh burst of tears turned to go also. But sho had satisfied Forguo that there wasnothing between them, nnd taking his turn he was 'Soon moro successful than Kennedy in consoling her. He had while ahsent beon able enough to get on without hor, bnt no BOoner waa he home than, in the weary lack of anything else to in terest him, the feelings he liad begun to think, without-knowing whether to lament or rejoice oyer them, on the point of being lost, began aD< .l0 out to gain if possible & sight of Eppie, whom, when he saw in audi dote relations, as it appeared, with hor old lover, first a senso of nnpardonable injury pos sessed him, and next the conviction that ho Was, as he called it, as madly in love with her as ever. Satisfied that the interview had not beon of her seeking, neither was to her satis faction, ho felt the tide of old tenderness como streaming hack over tho ghastly sands of jealousy, and ere they pnrted he "had mado with ber an appointment to meet tbe next night in a moro suitable spot. Before Eppie re- ontcrod tho houso sho did hor best to remove all traces of the varied emotions she had nndorgono, but she conld not help the shining of hor oyes, for tho joy lamp relighted in her bosom shone through them. Donal was seated by her grandfather reading; he had now the opportunity of reading to him many things of wkioh tho old man had no idea that snoh existed. I believe those lost days of sickness and weakness were among tho most . blessed of liis life things oould be dono for a man like him which could not be done for ven many a good man with ton time3 his education. He looked up when Eppie ,entercd, and tho samo , moment Donal know her secret— not-from -ber -face, bat ;from An- drew's ; tho grandfather -rod it; tropi. hers, and Donal read it from his. "Sho has -seon Forguo I" he said ;to himsolf, and added, "I hope the old man -will be dead before she : comes to worse 1" 