MAE! BOROUGH.' (rkOSC OUB' 0"W2f dOBBPfipOWDBBT.I November 27. \- .11(1 drought la still the clnof topic of'dis cussion hero, and dwarfs every ether subj-ct. I There were hopes on .Saturday morning that the j long praye-l-for tnin had at hi9t come, tie o. steady shower sot in, but alas! it only eon- j linucd for about ten minutes. ■ I The goods 'earnings on our railway are keep ing.up well, notwithstanding the.drought! The last published returns giro a tolai of £619 for gooes alone, the highest week's earnings since the line was opened. The rscoipte for thc Burrumline are not groat. Affaire at the Howard mince are jet at a standstill, and the company yearnstotally pnrilysed. Mr..Bobert son, of Torbanelia colliery, is working steadily on, and is sending up regularly hy train about 50 tons per day. The branch line from the Burrum railway to the mino is almost com pleted, and is being constructed by the Government When completed, which will be in a fortnight, 70 tons will bo brought to town ! daily. In the.meantime, ships and stoamerB aro bringing here weekly supplies from Sew oastls, chiefly for Yengarie. : A few small capitalists have formed them selves into a-company.for the purpose of estab lishing a Bteiim laundry. It is estimated that the hotol" washes " will alone keep them busy, to say nothing1 of the many private families who And it difficult to procure the services of a washerwoman. .• Another attempt is to he made this week to commit the, Municipal Council to the erection of public baths,'and it is to be hoped the at tempt will succeed. It is not creditable to Maryborough that she is without this very necessary institution., In this respect we aro not only behind tho old Bomans, out behind most of the t -wns in' the colony. The numbor of members in connection with the telephone exchange is steadily increasing. A list of nearly rsixty members can now be shown, and the public offices are now getting att'ehed to the, wires. ' Preparations for the erection of the new hospital have began. The ground is cleared, and tenders are out for the fencing and orna mental gates. The gates are very handsome, and have boen manufactured in Glasgow. The new hospital for kanakas has been completed, and tho resident-surgoon (Dr. Clurkson) is now in Maryborough making arrangements for the reception of lus patients. Two of our hotels—tho Queen's and the European—are to bo enlarged, or rather re built, in accordance with, the spirit of the times. Most of the Maryborough hortelriei are now large and well-appointed buildings. The number.of bioycles ana tricycles in Maryborough is fast increasing, and it is no un common sight .to meet a knot of from six to a dozen riders gliding through the streets like ghosts at night.. Owing to the scarcity of grass and dearness of feed here, many have discorded their' galloping steeds for the two or three wheelers. 1 was nearly knocked down the other night by an ex-mayor, who was working his passage home on one of these vehicles. As regards the Alfred Vittory cose, the opinion hero is that tho prisoners have boon allowed ratlior short time to prepare their defence. On the other hand, should tho trial be adjourned to Mav next, where will the witnesses be ihen? The Alfred Yittery sailed again for tho South Sols, on Sunday, on another recruiting Toyage, with a new crow and officers. It is to be hoped she will make le.-a noise next time she returns here. There is somelhing in this trade which soems to unnerve the moral powers and brutaliee, in fact, the whits men who take part in it, if half the stories told about them be true. One of tho officers told me that during tho last voyage a womtn with a piccaninny was taken on board sadly agsinst her will; her rhild was left ashore and she was brought to Mary borough. He assured me this was.a .'act. The Sybil returned to-day with only 12 recruits, and tho nows thathor Government agent had loft her at Havannah Harbour, and sho had to come back. What was tho matter ? 3 he liberal Association hero liavo been dis cussing the labour trade at their late meetings, and are preparing a series of resolutions on tho question. 1 beliove tlioy would liko to improve tho whole business off the face of Queensland, and mako tho colony u homo for tho white man. They passed a resolution hist night that the Government should lake tlin whole question of Polynesian recruits in'o their own hands. fl'ho Now Ireland native who murdered his countryman in Bundabe.-g lately, was brought up to the Maryborough lock-u|) on .Friday last heavily ironed. Besides boing tied by the arms gjvoi were on liis wrists, and handcuffs Bcrovrcd on his logs just above the ancles. The latter seemed to cause him intense pain, ami was very suggestive of tho old bootacrews used in perse cuting times. A petition is being signed in town, praying tho Governor to felosso Edward 1 owry a man who was convicted hero about 14 months ago, and aentonced by Judgo Blake to two years' imprisonment for larceny. He was in the habit of visiting stores in the morning and picking up anything he oonld Jay bis hands on, which he stowed in a bag be earned with. him. As be never made u>e of tho stolen articles it is supposed he was afflicted with kleptomania. His family, a large one, are getting beyond the rale of their mother, who has to go oat to maintain herself and them ? and the petitioners think that for the sake of the family he might now be released, ob he was previously of good character, and ho has behaved himself well at St. Helena. , ; The Baptia'. congregation here, pending the erection of a building of their own. have secured '.the Town Had for holding services on Sun* days. 'ihe congregation is a small one yet,.hut they have a talented and able clergyman, the Kev. B. W. Clinch, who may m time gather ; iironnd him a more numerous flock, j Professor Payne, conjuror and illusionist, | gave several performances here last week- He : is about as good as any of his profession. The crews of the Maryborough and 'Wide Bay Bowing Clubs aTe out every day, in t'∈* log for the Beraration Hay Regatta. Every man of them seems as fit as a fiddle. The Maryborough crew is xnoat in favour here, but knoivin'e oaes say the Wide Bay men are the 'best, if thoy only keep up their present form. jBoth crews leave her-* for Brisbane nexfcweeh. I The medals wen at ihe late regatta are 'to be I awarded on Thursday uight. I hey.'are <vcry i hands me, and >cre manufactured'b/Mcssrs. I Flavelle Bros., of your idty. 