AOTA POPTTLI. By she Ejjanbub. Once upon a time there lived a certain man who was the proud possessor of an only sonj and a bob-tail asB, and one day the worthy trio started off to attend a Hardio and Gorman land Dale. As they journeyed along, — but tha fablo is somewhat musty, so we'll let it slide to-day and skip along to thcjmoral, v?hich^sayfl : ' Thoae who attempt to please all please none.' How, I have no desire whatever to insinuate that the rnembera of the present Ministry havo been foolish enough in their own particular callingo to emulate tho obliging old man in the fable, but the fact oticka out, that, without trying to please till, the Stuarb party has as nearly performed the impossible feat as any body of public menbanded together for the country's good can ever hope to do. Had they completely done the deed, they would be eirsaply angels miuu.3 the Avings and trumpets, and I need scarcely say angels — fallen ones escepted— would occasionally be very much out oS! place during some of our Macquarie-street discussions. Tho bulk of those who clamour (without know ing exactly why) for a change, and who figura tively pelt the Ministers with mud, and cry, ' G et out you baldheads,' never pause to think of the tremendouB handicap Mr. Sfmnrfj and his merrie morrie men were saddled with when they started. A more disheartening legacy could not bo very well be imagined. It wan a second : Pandora'o trunk from which all legislative ills escaped, and spread around, leaving nought but Hope remaining. Tho curse of corruption had been kid on everything available, end in the Premier's halk the Kiama ghost squeakod and gibbered at ' Mustah Sbooat,' as it called him until that gentleman was glad to oell his state ! bed at a ruinous saorifice, and oleop on a couple of old potato bogs painted pea groon and stretched across n fev/ sheets of bark torn from the roof of an erysipelas dummy's gunyah. Tho latter were too suggestive, and fche ghost could never bear the sight of greon sinco Jannery John presented it with a gorgeous ' yaller' necktie, and taught it to whistle the ,- ' Boyno Water.' Whero is that refulgent tie to- , d iy, and why sits not tho donor on tho highest Bout in our senate halls ? Ah mo ! Sic transit ylorki- mundi, and if it is showery on mundi the , and performance will surely take place on the ioh ,' lowing Tuesday, Tali ing Mr. Stuart to start with, it is really surprising to find bow much State work ho haa got through up to tho present date, always bear *ng in mind tho multitude of other thingo he haa been called upon to attend to. For instance ?what man was over do bombardod with quectiono before ? One would think tho majority of our representatives had a iised idea that a Premier io to a Miniotry V7hat the ' Ans wers to Oorrcapondonfci' man is to a weekly newspaper ; and ii Mr. Stuart io ever hard up for a job ho can air/ays make aure of one o£ thooe arduouo oorto of billoto. Mr. Melville, for instance, would like to know when the Gov° ernment intends to emlarge the Rookwood ceme tery and to bring in a bill making it coinjiulaory for all citizens to die on reaching tho ape of 21. Mr. M'Blhone acko is it not a fact that the Colo nial Secretary recently bought a cod-liver oil mine up Greenland way, and io now about to run the . IUawarra railway through the grounds in order that he can get hia bottled phyoic into the Sydney market before any other vendors ? Also, is it part of the Ooloaial Secretary's dutieo to play poker, or fan-tan with Sir John Sobertoon, when ho knows that honorable members of this Hou3e are waiting outoide to ask important public ques tions, Bueh as which way did the bull run, or do you hold the price of a ' John Collins ?'- Mr. Buchanan would then rise to demand to 'know i§ the Colonial Secretary io aware of the dastardly, damned, and disgracefully doubled dyed depredation, which was recently commifctod ?; at that filth-fulminating, fanatical, foul, fetid ' festering frog-pond called Waggc Wagga, hy which he (Mr. Buchanan) was ravished of a pair .of 'No. 15 blucher boots that hud only been in use for twa5 sma' years before, and if so, waa it tho in tention of the Government to cry Havoc ! let , Blip the doga of war, and wipe that crimecontami nated [iplague-opot from off the face of God's . glorious globo for evorniora ? Mr. M'Oouvt ? , would draw attention to the fact that the Public . Bchoolmaster at Mittagong deliberately insulted the Protestant portion of that great city by wear ing a Eoman nose, and he wished to know if the Minister would at once remove the teacher, or order the miooreanfc to remove his insulting naoal r appendage ? Mr. John Eantoddlem Burns would j nextri3eandrequeotto be furnished with all papers relative to the patterns employed in the making of the week-day pants of tho officer employed to fire the time-gun at Maitland. And also a return showing the names, ages, weights, and colours o^ every person who held a land oeleetion in this colony, theee matters being in his estimation the most important connected with the future success of ? , ' our land policy. Mr. Abigail would like to know if ? ? it waa the intention of the Government to celobrate the. glorious centenary of Martin Luther's bh-th by making a bonfire of all the Catholic churches and convents throughout the land ? Mr. D. O'Con nor desired to know what the views of tho present Government were, as regards the desirable infcro : duetion of Mor monism, and then the 6-furlong L member fotr Muclgeo would enter and atari; pelt . ing his prize conundrums at tho Premier's head for the rest of the sitting. And Mr. Stuart had ' to reply to all these, and attend to the business of the State, and put his hair in paper, and make ?himself lovely at the same time. But when Parkea' gang ruled the road they V managed this question nuisance in a mighty dif . ferent manner. Tho bulk of the inquiries were answered on tho Delphic Oracle principle, so that the replies would fit in any way the troubles went, and whenever tho crafty old fox waB properly cornered, oither himself or his friends, or their friends would as ', sume a°Ohadband air, and lug in Providence or . religion to help tho lame dog over his perplexing Bfcile. About the funniest example on record of thi's little game occurred during tho discussion over the Garden Pfllaco fire, when Sir Jocular John turned up the whites of hio eyes like a frog , in a fit, and declared the catastrophe should be borne with patience, for it tmo evidently the result of the visitation of God. This so flabber gasted his astonished hearers that the row was peacefully settled before anyone could find £' tongue enough to exclaim, ' What, is old Jack v among tho prophets also ?' I am seriously ?!- afraid, however, that the picturesque-spoken old '?'i . Jraight's knowlcdgo of tho matter was pretty ?' much on a par with that of a little tow-headed, Bible-elaao scholar named Sonny Barker, who, on ,', ' being aoked what ' household godo' wore o - replied, ' ho didn't know ; but ho o'posod that } they was them things that hie pa always npoko *??'??: about whenover ho was drivin' ncila in the wall and whacked hio thumb a lick with the family hammer.' ;' ? The stylo in which Mr. DiJloy runa his ' show is so estromoly satisfactory as to bo boyoncl ' ; all praise. With a. few honourable exceptions, $ has been the custom in former years to give this important office to tho Minister who knew tho loR3t about his duties ; and so it camo to pass that wo generally found a round peg stuck into a square hole. Mr. Dalloy, however, is not only one of tho very foremost of our lawyers (ao far ao know ledge of the law io concerned), but ho io far and away tho best exprecser of hio opinions that wo have amongst us. In the Houao he is literally cock-of-tho-walk (as poor Dean Grant onco dubbed him up in Bathurat) ; and all tho other roosters, from pugnacious Pid. down to Brahma-Pootra Sandy, treat him, ao David would say, -c with a ruopect whech borrr duro upon oer-r-r-volty.' Treasurer Dibbs has also proved that ho io the right man in the right place, and ouch of the other portfolio holders as have had a show have given strong indications of being of tho truo ' game' breed ; particularly that doughty old rooster, the Minister for Works. Strange to say, the one Minister who has cut up the worst as yet is the one .who started off a thorough favourite, with heaps of odds upon him, and the roost he perches on just now is known as the Educational. It is safe to say this ib the most unsatisfactory perch in tho whole political fowl-house to-day, but we should aloo re member the dreadful mess it was left in by the mongrel-bred crowd that held it before the pre. sent owner. On several occasions Mr. Eeid baB endeavoured to make a grand display of some brilliant scheme by which he would dazzle the world and soar aloft to glory, but as yet every attempt has been a fizzle. First of all his idea of a grand review of the chickens under his charge met v/ith Buch a universal storm of ridicule that he pulled offhisspura and squelched tho whole pro ceedings. His next, the ' paeamir playing for First Families only ' notion has been most enthusias tically sat upon by the -whole country, and al though his cold beef and cabbage classes' idea has met with general approval, still, it remains to j be Eosn how the contract will bo carried out. Bnfore starting any more new fads perhaps it would bo as well if the Hon. George tried hia 'prentice hand by correcting some of tho many abuses which now disgrace his department, and have done bo ever since Sir 'Bnry first purloined the brains of poor Greenwood, and endeavoured to paeo them off on the public as hio own. Com plaints pour in almost daily respecting some grievance connected with the greatest of all our institutions — our Public schools. To-day a deli cate girl complains that oho has beon started off to take charge of a school about 500 miles at the beck of GodVspced, and had to work her passage through an unknown bush the best way she could. Another wail comes from a place where a school hae/ooon unnecessarily closed for a month, and yet the parents are liable to a fine for non-attendance of their offspring. In one of our leading metropolitan Public Bchools a child falls down a latrina and is smothered. Had ouch a thing happened in a Catholic cchool tho autho rities would probably — and justly too1 — be at onco hauled up for manslaughter. When atten tion is drawn in the House to tho fact that a calico tent is used for a school in a flourishing frog-pond called Tharranowingdhuraniovkurras the Minister for Education ecems struck silly with amazement, and promises to have a noble edifice built before to-morrow's sun bar, dawned ; and yet it is ono o£ those tarpaulin ' humpies' that does duty for an infants' ochool at Redforn, and being erected in the centre of a young lagoon, it io as dangerous to attempt to get to it in v/et weather as it would be to swim Niagara. This school is also surrounded by a good, substantial fence, but as the department ig apparently too short oi' caoh to put a sixpenny lock on the gate, tho young EedfernitcD hold high old revels there on Sundays, part of the Gaid fun being the ringing of the Echool bell, and enjoying 'the discomfiture of tho faithful few who go ocooting off to church two or three hours before the clergyman has had his breakfast. But as I before remarked, tho bulk of the complaints made respecting our ochool management arc not altogether the result of Mr. Eeid being at tho head of affaiw, but are simply duo to tho disgraceful manner our edu cational system was worked before tho present Ministry camo into office. ' But there' io ono thing, however, that Mr, Beid should start at once, and that is a class for instruction in the apparently forgotten art of polite letter writing. And tho next thing ho ought to 300 to is to enrol himself; as the Grit pupil, for it io hard to imagine a moro boorish, ill-brad reply than that ho lately aont to Bishop Ltmigan touching the matter d' inspecting Ontho* lie schools. Why the pclito and praiseworthy appeal of tho Bishop ci' Goulburn uhould bo re fused is, I fear, mainly attributable to tho fact that in spite of all that haa been done by the State, io stamp out tho Catholic schoolo of this colony, pfcill they have flourished in spite of all persecu tion, and many of them are now in a position to put tho boasted teaching in our Public schools to ignominious shame. Like tho wrestler of old, tho truo Catholic system gained additional strength every time it wao thrown to the ground, and now tho day baa como when tho State is afraid to aend ovon ito own inspectors to report on thooe onco deapised ochoola for fear tho results would prove to the world tho egregious folly of those inflated idiots who onco called out, ' Va ! Ya! wo will destroy those mioerablo Catholic ochoolo and build our own immortal edifices on their ruins.' 