THE HOLLOW STUMP. It was plain to be seen from the ex cited groups that gathered in the High Street that something of an unusual nature was agitating the dozy village of Etheltown. I had visited the place on one or two former occasions on fish ing excursions, and I had seen sullicient to enable me to tell that something out of the ordinary had lately halpened. In the bar of the one hotel which the village supported I found thelittle, old fat landlord discoursing witl an energy which plainly betokened that he had something weighty to speak of, and the eager attitude of his listeners proved to me that he was not drawing from his fund of stock stories. 'IMy mind was bent on fishing, and little did I care for the marvellous tale, whatever it might be, that my host had to tell. But after tea, as I was idly smoking a cigar outside, and noting the beautiful effects of the changing light and shade on the distant mountain, my voluble host drew near, and poured out, with the enthusiasnm of a story-teller who has found a fresh listener, the matter that was stirring Etheltown from centre to circumference, or, in other words, from where we sat to the old windmill a half-mile oil: In short, it was as fol lows: Old Ebenezer Cornell hlad for many years been the postmaster in the place; for ahnlost two generations his curious eye had scanned every letter that passed through his hands, and lie was con sidered to be the oracle of the village. A few months previous to this his health had failed, and the duties of the office had been performed Imainly by the old man's daughter, his only child, who was esteemed by all the most modest and leiautiful birl nnthY ?district.~ Of late, hoid ever letters had bet ens ysteril ously list o? stolen, and the theft liad been ttraed to the Etheltowen oflice, and Cld the young deputy post-mis tress?:iad th?t day been arrested on the seriouschaliie. This was the story mine host told, with much circumlocution and repeti tion. Seeing no end to the flood of words he was pouring forth upon uie, I excused myself and strolled down the quiet street I had proceeded but a little way when I met a party-a florid looking man and a fair young girl while following closely were a number of the village boys. I had seen many fair faces, but none that had ever im pressed me as did this one. While the features, if strictly analysed, woul.d not have met all the requirements of a beauty, there was something so sweet and sad about it that for hours after wards it remained plainly photographed on my brain. I easily learned what I had surmised -that this was the postmaster's daugh ter, and that when I had passed her in the street she was in charge of a do-. tective. The, next day I spent? among the hills, following the brookl, that played at hide-aid-seek amongst the rocks, and meeting with but indifferent success. The sun had sunk to rest before I pre paredi to return to the village. I foiud myself several miles distant, very. tired and hungry. 1 I plodded .wearily- along, and,.finally, to lessen the distance, took a path through a wood withl' which I was familiar. On reaching the ?lnlder'of the' 'ood, I sat down at the foot of a large tree to rest. The perfect stillness of the night' conspired with nily veariness, and soon sent me on an exile to slumber land. How long I had slept I know not. I was awakened by some noise, and started up to hear a stealthy, cat-like tread. The moon shone down through the leafy canopy above me, casting weird shadows, and,presenting all objects in an unnatural light. Peering cautiously round I discerned, or thought I did, a figure draped in white, bending over an old stump. So weird was the scene, and so dazed was I on awakening suddenly, that I could scarce believe the evidence of my senses, and thought myself the victiim of an optical illusion. But the olject moved, drew itself erect, and almost noiselessly glided out of sight and dis appeared. There is more or less of a latent be lief in the supernatural in the 'most matter-of-fact persons.' I did not do not-believe in ghosts, but I must confess that this strange apparition startled me, and caused a niameless chill to pass through my. frame. 'But arousing myself, I concluded to care fully examine the stump, and see, if possible, what strange errand my ghostly visitor had to this old, decayed stump in the woods. The discovery I made startled me, andt dispelled in aninoment all theories of a heavenly visitation. I had not entertained an angel unawares. Gather my traps hastily, I emerged from the wood, and seeing the white figure. in the distance, I followed, and traced it to a small cottage. Little did I sleep after reaching imy room at the hotel. One sweet, sad face, with large, appealing blue eyes, rose continually before my mind, and, although I could scarce account for it, the thought that I could bring joy to those eyes again, intoxicated : iy brain. Early the next morning I called upon the police:officer,.who was about to remove 2Iiss Cornell to the gaol at the county town, and explained to him what I had seen, and my belief that I had discovered the thief, and obtained from him the promise that he would delay her removal one day, and watch developments with me. Bly him I was introduced to Miss Cornell, as a gentleman .who believed he had found evidence to exculpate her. The grateful look of those large eyes when I said a few sympathizing words, and expressed my confidence in her early liberation, would have been ample recompense for any.'labour' or danger I might possibly encounter, and as I had, as it seemed to ine, 'donie nothing, I felt almost like one who receives a large reward when hie has l done nothing to merit it. That night, with the detective and the rheumatic old man who lhiid repre sented in himself for many years the \- constabulary of Etheltown, I took a positimn in the wood commanding sa view of the old stump, which, at my urgent request, they had not ex amined. The hours passed on, past tihe witch ing hour of twelve, and still nothing I appeared, and no souiid . was heard, except the dismal hooting of a owl on a tree near by. SMy companions had lost faith in me, and thought my story either a fabrica I tion, or else what I had seen was the result of a heated imagination, and I were preparing to return. I was dis heartened, but had not lost faith that "it" would walk again. Urged by I me, they resumed their seats, and we |had scarcely relapsed into stillness when, softly and noiselessly as before, i came the white-robed figure through the woods. With bated breath we watched. It a moved directly to tile stump, put in some parcel, and was about to leave when the ollicer seized it. The ghostly visitor turned out to be the aged postmaster, who was after wards proved to be a confirmed som nanmbulist, and in the hollow stuimp c were found every' one of the missing letters, together 'with many other articles. It 'is prohbale that this somnam bulism resulted from or caused his illness What became of Miss Cornell . She is no more. On the other side, of the table?iis" I'ite' sitseClara, my wife, aid .'ih~ th,' 'ciorner, "dosing. in his. chair, 'sits the white-liaired:,soninaii bulist. " . " I am 'waiting, 'my. darling, for thee !" as sang by a young gallant the other evening, did not' allude to the half-brick that her father sent to ineet him. " May I come with lou, my pretty mtaidT' " Oh yes, sir, if you liko'el" slio said, and when, after a considerable amiount of trouble, hlie did mainage to pick himself out of thie gutter and stand up, hlie saw her going anvay w'ith the other fellow. "Are you:quite finished ' said a waiter at one of our well knosvn r-es taurants to a patron who had occupied a sent at the table for a very long timne "Yes, thank you !" Was the rejoinder, "l But why doyou askT' " Oh nothing, sir,' only1 thought that if you were not Iquitefinished that perliaps you wouldn't mind waiting'for thi remainder until to-morrow. Tlha'ts'll'' !" 'No man is so foolish but hlie may give Sanothler good cbimnel somietmees and riomnan 'is iowise but li ninay' err if' he will t aki- oother's counse Ibt' hi( 'own. 