Literature. A SEA QUEEN. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'A Sailor's Sweetheart,' 'An Ocean Free Lance,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XII.--MY HUSBAND SAILS. Well, the day came when Richard took me in his arms and said good-bye. I will not linger over that farewell. His voyage was to the Gulf of Mexico, and we should not meet again for weeks and weeks. There is many a wife who will understand what I felt when the door closed upon him, and I stood like a woman bereaved by death, listening to the fading echo of his footsteps as he walked down the street with father. Such eclipses of happiness seldom befall others than sailors' and soldiers' wives, and of these sailors must suffer oftenest. For soldiers carry their wives about with them; they live in barracks, the state looks after them, and seldom anything short of war divorces them; but with Jack, whether in war-time or peace-time, signing articles means saying good-bye to the wife and the little ones. And this is as true of the cabin as the forecastle, for it is seldom nowadays that one hears of a captain taking his wife to sea, not because scores of masters and mates would not gladly accept the privilege of having their wives with them, but because ship- owners, for reasons it would be worth hear- ing their explanation of, object to a custom that was once common enough; as if, indeed, they suspected that the presence of their wives, by making the safety of the ship doubly precious, would render masters in- attentive to their duties! I do not say this is the shipowner's argu- ment, but it might very well be; for it is quite of a piece with the logic that is em- ployed by them against any suggestion to ease and render more tolerable the sailor's hard, toilsome, and perilous life. When my husband was gone, I fell back into the old home routine— helped the ser- vant, looked after the house, and did what I could to make father comfortable. My marriage then seemed more like a dream to me than a reality. Sitting alone sometimes in the old parlor, and looking back at the past, I could hardly believe that the wedding at St. Nicholas's, the breakfast and speeches at the Three Indian Kings, the trip to London, were all real. Nay, the sight of my very wedding-ring would sometimes puzzle me. There was nothing strange in this. I might compare myself to the man whom a king found sleeping at the door of his palace, and who was made a monarch of for a day. His few regal hours only lasted long enough to persuade him of their unreality. Even my father would sometimes look at me and say, "Why, Jessie, when I come home and see ye at work, and going on in the old way, it's difficult to believe that ye're a married woman." "I don't know how I may look, father," I remember once answering; "but if the past is only a bit make- believe, as I sometimes think it, I wish it had not left me yearning for the sight of my husband, and longing to run away from you and join him. It may not be hard to look like a wife, but it is hard to have the sorrows and anxieties and none of the happiness of a wife." "Tut, tut!" said he, laughing and patting my face when I made that answer, "you're wifely enough, Jessie, and growing bonnier, too. Perhaps Dick, likewise, will think his marriage fancy, come back, fall in love, and offer ye marriage again. If he does, then, by thunder! though there should be no need for a second wedding, we will have another glorification, and Salmon shall give us 'Weel may the Keel Row,' once more!" But whether it goes joyously or miserably, the time is bound to pass, and praise heaven for it, say I. The months went along, and in due course, and much about the time he had told me to look out for him, Richard returned. This time he stayed six weeks with me. I will not stop this story to describe our meet- ing, nor the manner in which we spent those six weeks. His going the next time was rendered bearable to me by the voyage being a short one to the Mediterranean, and he was back again soon. He made two short voyages, and then went away on a journey that was once more to last for some months. It was during his absence this time that a little boy was born to us. Indeed, had it not been for the state of my health, I should certainly have sailed with him. His first long absence had taught me to view alike separation with dread; but my condition set both him and father dead against my wishes, and finding that they would not listen to me, I gave up worrying them. My baby came into the world about six weeks after his father had sailed. He was a most noble boy, with grand eyes, and the sweetest face imaginable by any mother's heart. Before my marriage I had sometimes wondered when I heard people say that such and such a person was proud of her baby; there were too many babies, it seemed to me, to justify the least degree of conceit in a mother; and though I was fond of children, of their company and talk, I had always thought a baby must be as hard a trial as could befall a woman who had not the means to obtain plenty of help in the shape of nurses, servants, and the like. But my baby cured me of that mistake, and gave me a new education respecting the pride and love of mothers. Indeed, I question if ever there was a mother prouder of her baby than I was of mine. As to father, he was for ever stealing to the cradle to have a look, or standing over me, and peering at my darling as he lay in my arms, or begging me in the most moving terms to allow him to nurse my boy. His delight and pride were indeed something truly remarkable. He would sit holding baby up in front of him, the bairn lying fairly upon father's square hands, and talk to him until his eyes grew humid with feel- ing, whilst I would stand by in an agony lest he should let my precious one fall, and longing for him to cry as an excuse to take him. People were constantly coming to see Jessie Fowlers wee laddie, all invited by father. I well remember Captain Salmon's visit. My father came to tell me that the old man was in the parlor, waiting to see baby. "Bring him to the light, mistress," ex- claimed Salmon as I entered; "I've but one eye to see with. So! this is Dick Fowler's brat; and Tom Snowdon's a grandad! Well, the bairn's bonnie enough. Does he eat and drink pretty well?" "Ask him to dine with ye, and you'll see," answered my father. "Eat and drink! If ye had the keeping of him, Salmon, in less than a month your neighbors would be miss- ing ye and dragging the Tyne for your body. Did ye ever see such a baby afore? In all your voyages into distant parts did ye ever come across the like of that portrait of a holy angel?" "Well, I don't know that ever I did," answered Salmon. "But mind," added he, with the literalness of an aged north- country man, "that's mebbe, Thomas, because babies are things I don't recollect ever having taken much notice of. How's his health, mistress? Does he suffer much from wind?" "He'd not be a sailor bairn if he didn't," said my father. "Well, see that his bowlines are kept well triced out, and ye'll find he'll draw ahead right enough," said the old fellow, rolling his eye upon the window to let me see he had had enough of my baby. Though I sadly missed my husband, I could not be dull with baby. I was uneasy if I was out of his presence a minute. It was my de- light to talk to him about his father, ay, as gravely as if he understood me. I remember once being in my bedroom, sitting with my back to the door; baby lay in my lap, and I was tickling his cheeks and making him smile, and yet watch me intently whilst I told him that father was at sea, but that he would be back soon, and so on— thinking aloud, indeed, in the pretty delusion that baby was listening and understood me, and talking out of my innermost heart, the one fancy that was always there, I mean my husband's joy and surprise when I should put baby into his arms— I say, I was rambling aloud in this way, supposing myself alone, whilst baby lay still and smiling on my knees— as perfect a little shape as the hand of God ever moulded for the contentment of a mother's love — when something caused me to look around, and there stood my father, leaning over my shoulder and peering at baby. "I've been waiting to hear Dicky answer ye," says he, meaning by Dicky the baby. "He understands you; you may see it in his eyes. How d'ye make out his thoughts, Jess?" I was somewhat ashamed to be caught, even by father, talking in such a rambling way, and looked to see if he was without his boots, for he had come in as quietly as a mouse. "Oh, baby understands me," said I, putting my mouth to the little face on my knee. "Aye, that's plain enough," answered my father, stepping round; "but how d'ye understand him? D'ye imagine he says things, or is there a meaning in him ye get at as nobody else could?" I thought he was joking, but it was impos- sible on glancing at him to mistake his gravity and earnestness. I answered that I was merely thinking aloud, and looking at baby whilst I tickled him and talked. "No, no," he exclaimed, "I've been stand- ing o'er ye a full five minutes. It was no thinking aloud, but a regular conversation 'twixt you and the bairn. Ye seem to forget that you waited for his answers and then went on again. What's the secret, Jess? How do ye find out what's passing in his bit mind?" I burst into a laugh, which seemed to vex him. He looked at me anxiously and said, "I'm not such a donkey as to suppose that he can talk, or that he's yet capable of under- standing English; but ye'll never persuade me that he can't follow you, and that ye can't see into his mind and put his ideas into words for him." Incredible as it may seem, he never ceased to believe from that night that I had the power of conversing with my little baby, and I afterwards heard that he would go among his friends and boast of my power in that way, overriding all incredulity by warmly and stoutly declaring that he had stood be- hind my chair when I did not know he was in the room, and heard me conversing with the baby that lay quiet and attentive on my knee, listening closely, and answering me in some mysterious fashion, as he might judge by the way I stopped and then went on. I mention this to show the simplicity of my father's truly original character; but I could tell of even simpler faiths in sailors' ideas of the relationship between mothers and their babies. The time passed and brought me to a day which left only another fortnight for Richard to be away. Hour by hour my little one had expanded, intelligence brightened in his clear and beautiful eyes, and every day revealing some fresh, sweet, baby humor to draw him closer to my heart, if that, indeed, were pos- sible. But in a minute, as I may say, this star of life was eclipsed, and within a fortnight of my husband's return. I had left baby sleeping soundly in his crib, and was at tea, with father, when my nurse rushed into the room with a white face to tell me that baby was choking. I ran upstairs, followed by father, and going to the crib, saw my little one in convulsions. But I did not then know what was the matter with him. He was black in the face and rigidly stiff. I told the nurse to run for the doctor, and distracted with grief and terror, snatched up my child and held him to my bosom. My father stood by helpless and heartbroken. We neither of us knew what to do. It seemed an eternity before the doctor came. When he arrived he im- mediately applied himself to recover my poor child. But it was too late. Indeed, I cannot dwell upon this passage. Within an hour from the time that I had left my baby sleeping soundly and healthfully in his crib, he lay dead in the same little bed, and I was sitting by his aide, stunned, tearless, heart-crushed by the intolerable blow. I had felt my mother's death cruelly, but beside this loss it was as a snowflake falling on the hand compared to the searing of the flesh by a red-hot iron. One moment, as it might be, my heart was as glad and sunny as a spring morning with thoughts of my husband's coming, and of the treasure I should put into his hands — aye, even after I had hushed my baby and laid him down in his crib in that sleep in which the dreadful hand of death was to strangle him, I had hung over him a full ten minutes, lost in a glowing fancy of his father's delight when he should look upon the canny little face, and trace in it his own, and the features of the girl whom he loved more than he loved his own life— one moment, I say, I was proud and happy beyond words in these musings, and the next my child was gone, my heart was bleeding, there seemed to be no light left in the world, instead of the old buoyant yearning for my husband's return, I looked forward to his arrival with a kind of dread, as if it were through my fault that our darling had died, and as if his love would hold me accountable for bringing him to a grave instead of a cradle. My father's grief at the beginning was bitter indeed, but he was too old a man to mourn long; the death of those he loved or knew were only as milestones to remind him that his terminus was not far off; and this was a consideration to temper his grief for the dead as though God's voice had spoken to him. On the evening before the funeral he came to me as I stood looking, more like a stone figure than a breathing woman, at my beauti- ful darling as he lay in his coffin. I had tried to pray but could not. I could only stand and look, without a tear in my eyes, upon the restful face softly pillowed, with the golden hair shining upon the little head. My father came to me, I say, and took my hand, and stood looking too, but I never moved. "Jessie, dearest child," said he softly, "I would have given my life to save yon bairn. The merciful God whose light is upon his little face knows it. But now that he has gone I would not have him back. He lies there safe. We know where he is, Jessie; we shall always know while life is with us. Think what he is spared by leaving this world a child. Sin cannot touch him. Such grief as ye are feeling, my lass, can never come near him. There will be no thankless toil for him, no disappointments, no perils; no flying years which make men old before they feel they have lived, and which leave naught astern of them but a desolate sea, with here and there a bit of the wreck of some cherished hope mournfully tossing, and ahead of them an horizon full of the darkness of the coming night. Jessie, call up your heart and think a bit of what life means, and then look at yon bonnie sleeper, and ask yourself if we would have him awakened?" He kissed me, and his kiss and tenderness set me crying as if my heart would break, and he led me away. His words went against the grain of my grief then; they fell like ice upon me, who was yearning for my lost one. Yet I have lived to know he spoke the truth, insomuch that though after twenty years I cannot think of my little one without dim eyes, yet if by speaking I could bring him from his grave to bless and love me, I would not say the words, but rather would give thanks to God for taking him to himself in the dewy innocent hours of his life, and for making him an angel instead of suffering him to be a man. CHAPTER XIII.--ELSWICK CEMETERY. This time Richard was a week behind the date he had hoped to return by. The first mingled emotion of dread and eagerness for his arrival that possessed me when baby died had been replaced by a passionate longing to have him with me, that he might share my sorrow and comfort me. When no letter came on the day I expected to receive one I grew anxious, and as day after day the post- man went by without ringing our bell, my anxiety grew insupportable. But on a Friday — making it six days past the date he named--- there came a letter from Sunderland, saying he would be with me next night. Then again, the old dread, if I may so term a sense I could not clearly define, seized me. Richard could not know that baby was dead; nay, I was not even sure that he had received the letter I sent him announcing our darling's birth. I now earnestly hoped that letter had never reached him; for in that case, what- ever his hopes might lead him to suppose, he would have no fixed idea of there being a little one at home to greet him, and so the news of baby's death could not grieve and dis- appoint him, as it would had he dwelt throughout his homeward voyage on the happiness in store for him. "Jessie," said father to me on that Satur- day on which Richard was coming, "d'ye mean to meet your husband in that crape?" "Yes, father," I answered, "he would not like to see me in any other dress when he heard of our loss." "Well, ye know best," said he, with the soothing tenderness of manner and voice he always addressed me with now. "But I hope to live to see the day when those black clothes 'll go out of fashion. Death's made a deal more cruel than it need be by our custom of dealing with it. If I had my way I'd send all the mutes in the country to sea, and order all those objects called hearses, with their plumes nodding atop like scarecrows, meant to frighten respectable people out of the streets, to be converted into bathing machines. I don't know, I'm sure," said he, lying back in his chair and looking up at the ceiling, "where we could have got such notions as mutes and hearses from. I haven't much acquaintance with the ancient Jews and Greeks, but I'd be willing to bet a pound or two that our hat- scarfs and gloves, and hired mourning coun- tenances, didn't come from them. If they did, all I can say is, those people deserve to be the forefathers of the folks who now call themselves by their names." He went on talking in this way, whilst I sat near the fire, straining my ear at every sound in the street. It was November, bitterly cold even for Newcastle latitudes, and a strong wind was blowing, but this — Richard being ashore and safe—I took no notice of. It was two years and a few days since mother died, and getting on for seventeen months since I was married, and I could not help feeling with pain, as I now sat waiting for my husband's coming, how little I had seen of him during those seventeen months, and how being a sailor's wife was very nearly as bad as being a widow or a divorced woman. Shortly after seven o'clock the door bell rang, and in a minute I was in Richard's arms, weeping with uncontrollable emotion, and unable to speak. Resolved as I had been to school myself to give him the wel- come he would like, the struggle was of no use. The moment I saw him I thought of our baby, and broke down, crying grievously, and speechless. We stood in the passage, and he was silent a moment or two, proving his surprise at my grief, and by that surprise his ignorance of the cause of it. "Bring her in, Dick; bring her in," my father called out. "Give her her way for a spell; she'll be the better for it." My husband obeyed, still wondering, and, putting his arm into mine led me into the parlor, too much concerned and surprised even to shake hands with father. He seated himself on the sofa, holding me close to him. "What is it, Jessie?" said he. "What bad news have you had, my darling? What friend have you lost?" apparently noticing my deep mourning for the first time. "Did ye get no letter from her at Pensa- cola?" asked my father, in a tremulous voice. "One," answered Richard; "but there was no bad news in it." "Nothing to tell ye that your wife was a mother, Dick?" continued father. "No," replied my husband, quickly, and then stopping short and drawing me more closely to him, as though he now guessed all that could be told. I raised my head from his shoulder and looked at him. "I knew there was a little one to come," said he. "He's come and he's gone, Dick," ex- claimed my father, solemnly. "God loved him too well to let him bide, even for thee, my lad. It's Jessie's grief . But her heart 'll mend now that she has ye to talk to." And, getting up, he pretended to seek for something, peering first here and then there, and finally left the room, that my husband and I might be alone. If ever I had dreaded telling Richard of our loss I had now no other sense of that fear than to reproach myself for having felt it. It soothed me unspeakably to pour out my heart to him as I sat nestling at his side, earnestly and tenderly watched by his loving eyes. For, in spite of my father's touching, simple, con- soling sympathy, I had felt myself alone with my grief. There was only one person in the whole wide world who could truly share it, and he had been away when my anguish was greatest grief. True it is that life draws a circle round hus- band and wife, in which the dearest and fondest relative makes but an intruder. The lawyers may call marriage a civil contract if they like; but for my part, though born and bred a Protestant, I hold that church right which considers it a sacrament, and believe that no woman who has lost a child, and laid her head upon her husband's breast to weep there, but thinks of marriage as a covenant as sacred as the Divine love that appointed it for us. I could not expect that Richard should feel as I did. He had never seen our darling, never beheld his beauty, nor watched, as I had, the gradual unfolding of the little bud whose bloom and promise had been nipped by the cold frost of death. Yet there was deep disappointment in his face, and such a sorrow as must arise in the heart of a man who could see with his soul's eye the love that had come and vanished in his absence, that had been as real as life and beauty could make it, and yet no more than a dream to him either. However, before my father joined us, I had told him the story, had dried my eyes, and was talking to him about himself and his voyage, and smiling as he kissed me and told me to remember that we were together again. "Yes," said I, "and we will remain together. You must take me with you next time. I am so lonely now— even with dear father — that it would break my heart to say good-bye to you again, and to remain childless and widowed as I have been." As I said this my father came in. I believe he overheard the closing sentence, but he said nothing about it until much later on, when, the supper things being removed, and we being gathered round the fire, which father had built up until it not only looked like a furnace but roared like one, he said— "Dick, if ye have a mind to carry Jess with ye to sea next voyage, she shall go." "Well, captain," answered Richard, "you know I have little heart to take her from you, and leave you alone in the old home. But she is very downspirited. Her health is not as it might be. I believe a few months at sea would make her hearty again; and as for me, there'll be no happier man afloat when I get her fairly aboard with me." "What do ye say, Jess?" asked my father. "If you can do without me, father," I re- plied, "I should like to be with my husband." "Be it so, then," said he. "We'll have no more palaver. The thing's settled. There's no use in your stopping at home if your heart's abroad, and as Dick says, ye want a change. Besides, the pleasure of being with him 'll be meat and drink to your spirit. Where are ye bound next, Dick?" "I shan't know until next week," answered Richard. "I heard this morning that the Phantasy is promised to Captain Gardner, and that there's a chance of my getting com- mand of a pretty little clipper barque that was launched not long ago by Laing. If so, my port will be Sierra Leone." My father shook his head. "The white man's grave, Dick." "The climate's bad, I admit, captain, but we're not going to live there." "Why, that's very true," said my father. "And I don't know, when all's said and done, whether it's worse than the West Indies, or the parts ye're fresh from. If ye go to Sierra Leone, Jess, ye'll have to carry a few dictionaries with ye. I hear there's nigh threescore languages spoken in Free- town alone. What's the name of the barque, Dick?" "The Aurora." "Another fancy name," exclaimed my father, again shaking his head. "Why don't they leave poetry to the navy folk, and stick to the old Susannahs and Mary Anns and Jemimas of my day? Aurora! How's a plain able seaman to answer hail with such a mouthful as that behind his teeth? I sup- pose she'll be having good cabin accommoda- tion?" "Sure," answered Richard. "Wood or iron, Dick?" "Wood." "That's a good job," said my father, light- ing a pipe and looking pleased. "Wood was meant by Providence to swim, iron to go to the bottom. If ye'd have said iron I don't know whether that and Sierra Leone put to- gether would'nt have set me against Jessie's going." "And what will you do father?" said I timidly, feeling almost conscious-stricken by the gladness his resolution to let me go gave me. "Do!" he replied. "Well, it'll have to be a break up. Another shifting job, and the last job, I hope, in this world. I'll go along to Shields, and get ready a home for ye to settle down in when Dick and you have had enough of salt water." He looked slowly round the room, letting his eyes linger, with a wistful expression in them, on the old curiosities which littered the tide tables and sideboard and chimney piece. "It'll be a bit of a wrench," he continued, "but it'll soon be over." "Why do you wish to leave?" said I. "It would make me happy to feel as we sailed home that we were returning to this old house." "Think a bit, Jess, and the answer 'll come to ye. Here another died. Here our little bairn died. Here ye were born, my lass, and here ye've lived all your life. Fancy me coming home and sitting alone in the room, hearing nothing but the wind, and the clock ticking, and the ashes dropping out of yon grate? D'ye think I could bear it, with all the past standing like a picture before me? No, no," said he coughing to clear a sudden huskiness out of his voice, "when you and Dick go, I go. I'm not a fanciful man, but there'd come ghosts to this house after ye were gone that would keep me fretting as no wise heart will ever let itself fret. But don't ye mind about that," he exclaimed, with a sudden burst of forced cheerfulness; "I shall be right enough. You two take care of yourselves, and come back home safe. That's all ye need attend to." Well, as you may suppose, it depressed me sadly to hear him talk like this. But then I also remembered that he had been a good deal away from me, sometimes never seeing me from breakfast till supper-time for days to- gether, and that therefore he would not miss me to the extent he imagined; also that at Shields he would have plenty of congenial society to keep him interested and amused. Besides, for whom was I going to leave him? I should have little deserved the name of wife had I hesitated between him and my husband. Next day being Sunday, we three went to church, and after service Richard and I walked to Elswick Cemetery to visit our baby's grave. That spacious burial place is tolerably well filled now; monumental stones stand thick under the shadows of the trees; and down the breezy open slopes — from whose summits you survey the Durham Hills, with the Tyne at bottom winding its silver coil towards BIaydon and Newburn, and the little village im- mortalised in English story as the birthplace of George Stephenson— the soil heaves in billows with the furrows of innumerable graves. But in those days the cemetery was little more than garden land, with here and there a grassy hillock, or the gleam of white stone amid the shady recesses to denote its character. Our darling's resting-place was marked by a little cross, with that sweet sentence, "Jesus called a little child unto him," carved on the steps. It was a bitter cold day; the north-east wind howled through the valley of the Tyne, and the flying sunshine flashed and faded upon the hills as the dark bodies of vapor swept across the sky. When my husband came to the spot where our baby lay, he stood looking awhile without speak- ing, touched to the heart by the littleness of the grave and the sight of his and my name upon the cross, and the age of the lost one —'Five months and one week.' He then took off his hat, and knelt down and said a prayer. It would have moved a heart of flint to see this sailor, with his hair tossing to the wind, his bands clasped, his eyes fixed on the little cross, praying at the resting-place of his child whom he had never seen, whom he loved, yet could only think of as a spirit. Never did death appear to me so great a mystery and miracle as at that time. (To be continued. ) 