8EC0N D DAY.-$Iow)AX. F*B. 19. On Saturday.niftht-and-darinRtlie'whoto of indty it-seemed m If ths rfttawouldcorbe down, sod attorly d«rtroy the hope* of the /AaBtrfcliana. Forttinatfelr, hoWeVM. : the aloon& ctdud» dlspefted #ltWut dtaclaVglng Wihiog mora tfun « mete qpiakllng of their watery eon tenia, and thai to-day the Australian! felt that a chanoe would be af« forded them of making Something like A res pectable total. The Englishmen had lost nine wickets for 263, and on resuming at five minutes past 12 to-day, Morley* the last man, was howled by the last ball or Palmer's first over, and the innings closed without any ad dition to the score of the first day. Steel's splendid performance of 195 (not oat) was duly recognised by the spectators, who greeted the Lancastrian with hearty rounds of applause on his return to the pavilion. So Boon ae the last of the Englishmen had fallen Murdoch and three or four of his comrades selected a fresh pitch, and after the usual interval the Englishmen took the field and at twenty seven minutes past 12 Alick Bannerman and Bonnor went forth to face the bowling of the two left-handers Barlow and liorley. In Barlow's first over Alick made a single to long off. and Bonnor snicked the same bowler luckily for a couple. The end to which Morley bowled behaved treacherously from the start, and both batsmen experienced a difficulty in negotiating his deliveries. By a series of flnky strokes on Bonnor's part and by Bound and sterling play on Alick's part, runs came pretty rapidly off Barlow, and in about quarter of an hour from the start 20 was posted. Morley was getting up breast high almost every alternate ball, and sent down maiden after maiden. He troubled Bonnor exceedingly, and after receiving a smart rap the fingerB the giant very nearly popped a bumpy one into Ivo Bligh's hands point. Alick shaped in bis best form, and looked like making a long Btay, but when 30 been hoisted he hit at a bumpy one to leg from Morley, and the ball went into Barlow's hands at short slip. The little stonewaller stated that the ball Btruck him above the wrist, and did not touch his bat, the umpire's decision was out, and so Alick had to retire creat-fallen. 1-10-31. Alick's cricket was as good as anyone need wieh to see. Murdoch, who has been out of lock for some time, filled the vacancy, and speedily made it clear that he is'Btill out luck, or else out of form, for before tie could start an account Barlow clean bowled him ith a plain straight ball, which the batsman tried to pull to leg. 2-0-34, and joy in the English camp. Boran, the next man, made a double and two Bingles, and then a bumpy* one from Morley knocked the Jolimonter's bat out of his hands, and O. B. Studd at for ward point effected an easy catch. 3-4-39, and the Australian supporters very sad at the downfall of three of their best batsmen BO poor a record. Oiffen, the vigorous South Australian, stepped to the crease with Murdoch to run for him, and, having safely negotiated some troublesome balls from Mor ley. the Adelaidian drove Barlow in beautifal style to the off for a quartette. The scientific and masterly batting of Giffen presented a marked contrast to the flaky play of Bonnor, ho was favoured with extraordinary luck Up to this point he had been missed three times on the one spot at forward cover by G. Steel, who doubtless thought thia was the most fitting manner to express his deep indebtedness to Bonnor, for the latter's kind ness on the first day. At any rate, Steel would not catch Bonnor out, and so the latter kept his position with Giffen until the adjournment was made for luncheon, the score then standing at 58. On resuming, at a quarter past 2, Morley's bowling kicked more than ever, and Bonnor had a narrow shave of being caught off the Notts trundler by Ivo Bligh at point. Minor strokes, supple mented by a fourer to each batsman, sent 70 up, and then Bonnor snicked Morley to leg for 4. Giffen by and by drove Barlow in fine style to long on for 4, which, with 2 to Bon nor off Morley to leg, sent 80 up, and caused the Australians to feel a little more contented. Barnes relieved Barlow, and Bonnor drove his first ball to long-on for a double, and repeated the dose next ball. Giffen hit Morley to leg for 2, and tbiB, with a quartette to Bonnor off Barnes to square-leg, sent 90 in sight. Giffen was still playing in splendid Btyle, and bad made all his runs by perfect cricket with out giving the ghost of a chance, while Bonnor was playing the Bame old game. Now he would hit the ball just over a man e bead, then be would snick one to leg over the slips in the luckiest fashion, and anon he would put one straight into a man's hands and out again. Snch a share of good luck was so abnormal that it was the sole topic in the pavilion, and when Read presently missed him at. long-on there were roars of laughter all tonnd the ground, even the ladies joining in- Prior to this miss of Read's Bonnor had cat Barnes for 4, which sent the century up . amidst lood ap plause. Bonnor now gave his sixth or seventh chanoe, the delinquent this time being Barlow at mid-off, and of course there WSB more lond ? laughter. Bonnor, thankful for all the leniency shown him, cut Bates for 4; and 110 went op. Leslie,, the erratic trundler of the English team, tried his hand vice Barnes, and this change quickly worked, Giffen being caught splendidly by G. B. Studd at forward cover off a long hop. 4-27-118 Giffen's display was admired by everybody, and a well-merited tribute of applause greeted him on his way back to the, pavilion. Midwinter was next, and after making just a double, Barlow, who bad taken the ball from Leslie, clean bowled the Sandhurst man with an easy balL 5-10-128. As the wicket was .getting more and more treacherous, it was thought that the Australians would have all their work cot out to Bave follow-on, but as the sequel shows Blackham and others successfully stemmed the tide of adversity and put matters on a very sound footing for Australia. The de parture of Giffen caused Blackham a dark features to be seen in association with the fair-complexioned giant, and the combination of colour soon caused the despondent A.us tralians to recover somewhat of their orai iiin equanimity and cheerfnlnaiB. Donbtea to each batsman, with occasional singles, and a capital 4 to Bonnor off Barlow, caused 140 to sucoeed 180. and then Bonnor got Motley to leg for S. Again Steel misled Bonnor at long-off. and S runs resulted. 8hortly after wards 160 went up, atad then ensued a series of maidens. This lnll was broken by a capital leg'bit for 4, by. Blackham off Morley, and after Bonnor bit Barlow to lobg-on foi 2, a brief adjournment took place for refreshments. On con tinuing Blackham smoked Steel, who had ju>t oomtnenced trundling vice Mor ley, and, three having been run for this stroke, Bonnor faced the slow bowler, ana in trying a gigknticbit was caught at short sup by Barlow. 6-87-160. Bonnor, though he had such wonderful luck, .nsverthrt ess was loudly applanded. Palmer, the new comer, r£i the bteach arid wm W^byBwissatahort slip first ball .. Ajpcand imwt by Blackham off Barlow for fon*.' iwtplei 'mth minor con tributions, sent 170 ! -1 account by patting Stc by cuttinghitnmotihiw" ends, and singles aM a iMpM sent 180: up. Both batanM< "- - playing «a well *R anyone Maid play on *o treacherous ardtoh, and the running between wioketa mi«te«t t<>*ftnMt. Ho fait worthy of note wm made for tome timer but at iMt Blackham stepped oat to Steel «nd hit him to eqaare-leg for 3, and this with a double off Studd, who nad jest supplanted Steel, sent 200 op, amidst great applause. It should be mentioned, too, thAt a special cheer was Riven when Blackham and Brans saved the follow on. The Hon. Ivo Bligh tried various changes of bowling, bnt Black* ham and Erans, despite the bad condition of the wicket, maintained their positions against all comers until at length 210 and 220 appeared on the board. Bates now was entrusted with the leather, and in his first over clean bowled Blackham, who ran out to make a big hit, and missed the ball alto gether. 8-57-220. Spofforth succeeded, aud having made a single fell a victim to the bad wicket, a bumpy one from Steel going into Bates's hands at third man, close up. 9-1-22L Those who thought the inning* would now quickly terminate, were very much mistaken, for Bo*le, the last man, played in hia best style, and being ably aided by EvanB, the runs mountedupg.radaall; until, when tbe stumps were drawn, the score stood at 248, and Boyle and Evans were still there, each with 20 not out to bis credit. 1 close my report of to-day's play by stating that the weather was all thnt a cricketer could desire, that tbe attend ance numbered about 12,000, that the grand stand was densely crowded, and that the fair sex patronised it in large numbers, and made t gay with their bright and beautiful cos tumes and equally beautiful faces. 