GENERAL NEWS. A Brisbane telegram states that Mr, Redmond arrived there at midnight on the 22nd. A number of leading Irishmen waited upon him at the Imperial Hotel this morning. Dr. O'Doherty, M.L.O., read an address of welcome. Mr. Redmond replied in a temperato spooob, strongly deprecating any attempt to rouse national or religious animosity. He vindicated the Land League from any connection with Irish outrages. The Melbourne Qhs Company have erected tour lamps, eaoli giving 400-oandIe light, at the inter secting corners of Collins and Swanston streets, the objeot being to show the capability to pro duce an improved light if necessary, The ex periment so fav is a great sucoess, but the oost of the light has not yet beeu ascertained, A private letter has been received in Mel bourne from Mr, J, tyedtpopd, MJ1,, which states that he has depidpd to visit Queensland before coming to Viotoria. After speaking at the principle centres there he will work'his way overland to Sydney, where ho will hold one fare well mass meeting and then oommenco a southern tour, travelling overland and stopping at Goulburn, Wagga, Tomora, and Albury, He will then come on dlreotly to Melbourne, The Central Committee 1ms received requisitions for leotures from Mr, Redmond from several up country towns. At the Inst meeting a draft of £100 was rocoived from the Sydney Com mitteo for transmission to tlio Irish National League. A lottor was also road from Mr. Redmond stating that tlio movement is pro gressing in Sydney beyond his most sanguine expectations. Great exoltement prevailed ni^oijg tl^o paqaon gers by tlio otoamoy Mapadftn, including the Lynch family flellringers, hut they wero all safely lauded, the woather fortunately proving fine, The vessel is full of water and fast going to pleoea, Tlip loss is a putjonal ope to W^pfcefn Australia, Qeneya lint long been associated with dram drinking--not It seems without reason. The Geneva correspondent of the Times writes that a petition hna been preaeuted to the Legislature for suoh an inoreaae in the iioenoe tax for oafes, restaurants, and wine shops, as will ohepk tjie consumption of drink. (t beipg prpbobly as great as iu qther Swiss 0«ntoiyr The figures giVen, bnsed on official information, show that the consumption of drink in Geneva amounted in one year to £800,000} that there is a publio house to every sixty-three inhabitants; that the averago expenditure per head of population is £12; so that Genevans spend more in drinks than in bread ; that in the Canton of Gpneva there are 115 butchers' phono, 1§2 bakers' shops 4?0 gropero, apd-}(10Q dripking shops. Of supli Bort arp the g^ardiaus of the Khedlvo to be : but though the Swiss may tipple Hollands, their courage, most assuredly, is not Dutoh. A Ohlneso coin 8,000 years old has been found by gold miners digging in a claim at Oa8siar, British Columbia. It is suppo8ed to have beon left there by Ohine»e mariners wreoked on the const Ippg before the Christian era. The land in Wall-street New York, on whiob the Drexel building stands, was sold at (ho rqte of 14,000,000dol. per npre, ^orty,two years ago it was opoupled as a hat store. A lot of the corner of Broaa-atreot and Exolmngo- plnce was sold ot the rate of 15,000,OOOdoI. an aero, In the best part of Broadway land is valued at 20,000,OOOdol. per acre. Lord Fitzharningo advises nil the Qloi)cpstoi> shire farmers to work their dairieq by steam, Since ft was adopted qt Berkeley, the butter sent to market has been incomparably superior to that formerly made in the ordinary way, The Arst baptism which lias bpep celebrated in York Minister sjpce 1804 (when a daughter of Mr, Moritt, of Rokeby, Sir Walter Scott's friend, was baptised there) took plaoe last week the infant being a grandson of the Dean. The Ballarat Courier narrates that the Bishop of Ballarat, when he left his diocese to visit Epgland, had, as the main object of bis journey, the raising of a sum of £0000 for diocesan purpose?, having in view also the ob taining of the sum of money promised to tbo diocese by a certain society conditionally upou the £5000 being Taised within a certain time, Dr, Ihornton has already remitted to this oolony £2000, and been enabled thereby to olaim from the society a portion of the sum conditionally promised, The official statistics of the Sooiety of Friends or Quakers, for 1882, show that in Qreat Britain and Ireland the total number of members is 17,977. In addition to these there are 5,790 regular aUeudws of the Friends' meetings who are not in full membership. About 25,000 solictors, adult and junior, aro regularly under instruction by the Frionds in their Sabbath schools; but very few of these become membera of the fiocioty, mid only about 3,000 out of the 25,000 are estimated to attend the Friends' meetings, This little church of 18,000 membera is represented in Parliament by about 10 members. The regular army of Russia amounts to 3,597,000 men, 282,000 horses, 8,870 cannons. Tlio irregular troops numbor 153,000 men, 185,000 horses, and 102 cannons. The reserve includes 275,500 men, 0,850 horses, and 210 cannons. The garrisons o! the frontier fortresses contain £75,500 men, The total forces of Russia show the following figures;-2,302,000 men, 420,150 horses, and 3,772 cannons (field and fortress artillery). A clover actress was playing Juliat to a crowded bouse in the country. As ahe lay dead in the tomb, she contrived to ask Romeo how the scene was going, "Boautifully," ho answered i " the people in the pit have to put up umbrellas to prevent being drowned by the tearB of thoae in the gallery." "How are you getting along?" BBked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a Ghost. Ghost-" Very well indeed j much better than during my twenty, years of married life on earth." Widow (delightedly)-." Then you are In heaven?" Ghost-"OhI no." CHINESE BURIAL CUSTOMS.-The Celestial Empire gives some interesting particulars respecting Chinese burial customs in ancient times. A man of means purchasod his coffin whon he Toaohed the ago ol forty. He would then have it pointer! tbreo times every year with a species o( varnish, mixed with pul vorizod porcelain-a composition whioh re sembled a silicate paint or enamel. The pro cess by which this varnlBh was made has now beou lost to the Chinese, Each coating of this paint was made of some thickness, aad when dried, had a metallic flimness re sembling enamel. Frequent coats of this, if tbs owner lived long, caused the coffin ' to assume tho appearance of cv sarcophagus, with a foot or more in thickness of this hard stone.like shell, After death the veins and cavities of the stomach wore filled with quick silver foj the purpose of preserving the body, A pieoo of Jade would then be placed in each nostril ana ear and la one hand, while a piece of bar silver would be placed iu the othor hand. The body thus propared was placed on a layer of mercury within the coffin; the latter was sealed, and the whole then committed to its last resting«plaoe. When Borne of these sarcophagi were opened after a lapse of centuries, the bodies were found in a wonderful state of preservation ; but they crumbled to dust on exposure to the air. The writer well observes that the em ployment of mercury by the Chinese of past dynasties for tho purpose of preserving bodies ought to form an interesting subject for consideration and discussion in con. neotion with the history of embalming and " mummy maklug," MOUNT MUIHIIEAJD PUBLIC POUND. - Im pounded-One roan bull oalf, white on belly, branded like QQA off rump ; one red lieifer calf, bald faoe, if branded not visible; one merino ewe, puach-hale and front notch both ears; oue oross- bred hoggett, punch-hole off ear, no brands: one merino wether, like front notoh and back out near ear, blaok paint on rump, fire-brand on nose; one meriuo wether, slit and two punch holes off ear, blaok pnint on rump } one merino wether, slit off ear, two punch-boles near ear, blaok paint on rump ; one merino wether, like front quarter off ear, like baok and front notoh near ear, blaok paint on lump; one merino wether, punch-hole and front notch near ear, blaok paint on rump; one merino owe, front notoh off ear, slope near ear; one merino ewe, like swallow off ear, punoh-hole near ear and back notoh, branded like IH (red painty near ribs; oue oross-bred wether, swallow off ear; one orosB-bred lamb, two baok notches oS ear, raddle on baok: one oross-bred wether, like two baok notohes, slit, and front notch near ear, like front and back quarter off ear, diamond with bar aoross (red paint) near ribs; one oross-bred ewe, like front uotcb off ear, swallow near ear, blaok paint on rump; one Oross-bred hoggott, like two front notches off ear, front notch near ear. If not claimed, will be sold April 2, 1882, at noon, by a magistrate's order,-JAWE MCNEILL, Pouudkeeper. 