THE FUNERAL The Register thus reports the Jfuneral and funeral sermons, &c.; :— The funeral of tbis rev. gentleman, who died suddenly from the effects of an apopletic seizure, which occurred during the proceed ings of the Wesleyan Conference on Friday, took place on Saturday afternoon. At 3 o'clock a lance number of persons assembled in the Pirie-street Church, where a short service was conducted prior to the body being removed to the cemetery. The proceedings .were commenced with the hyniD, ' Come, let us 'join-out friends that bjwe attained the prize,' after, which part of tbe First Epistle to the Coripthiajis, chap, xr., was read by the Eev. R. 'S,'~Casely. The Bev. S. Knight then, without taking any words as a text, delivered the following address:—' Brethren — Ifeel to-day as if we ought to exclaim, ' Howl ye firtree, for tbe cedar has fallen,' for we stand in the presence of an immediate act of God. I beard a friend of our deceased brother, when walking up and down the Lecture Hall yesterday, exclaim ' What does this mean ? Why is this done — why is this man taken — why has not one less cultivated and less needed been cut off from onr midst ?' My answer to tbis is that there can be no laws of probability or no laws of average in relation to individual death, and for the peace of the world I think it better that there should ba indiscrimicativeness as to the time of Death's approach. There must be no known time for this cutting-off, other wise there can ba no happiness* In spite of the wants of an undermanned Church and an immature family, there must be blessing iu this visitation ; there must be something greater than our brother's life, greater than oar prother's ministry, and greater than the suffering of bis family, or he would be with us still. If we are sobered, if our lives are hallowed, if we are led to do what oar hands -find to do more fully with our might, it is worth his life or the life of any of ns. In face of the suffering of Christ and the blood of the martyrs shed for millennia of yet-rs, it is evident that God makes nothing of the cost to save and to sanctifr. God makes no more of temporal sacrifice than we make of the desolation of the forests out of which we build our beautiful cities, or the herds which were ravaged to build theee. temples of the Holy Ghost. There is no other way — no alter native. This tragic life and vain world is only the way to serieusness and life. If God can but begin Hi* work of grace in the hearts of men all this is justified. Not justified to to the trifling or to the frivolous, or to those who make everything of comfort in this life J hut justified to the wise and to the holy! Death is no mistake, or cruelty, or fate? but it is Christ's choice and election. You need not die, I need not die, he need not die, for Christ has redeemed us from all legal and natural obligation. There is no better way than that common to all tbe world. A Chrutain lies aot under the pinalty of tbe law, he dieS beniflcuitry, and in obedience to Christ's living behest, and so our brother has bowed bis head to it -for the peace of the world. It is the -will of God that ss fir as the exit from tbis world is concerned men should share and share alike. It has been remarked that this death was su lden ; but it mast be remembered that it is not God's design that we should make special pre parations for death. Some say, ' I would nos use .to ne taken in thu way— in undress, in workaday attire, and as you arc, for most men have to die with about the average state of grace in which they live. It compels pre paredness, thoughtfulnesir.and readiness, and ia it not wise ? I don't know whether a man could choose a better moment than after rising irom that chair where be bad been advocating the oauBe on which his heart was set, then sinking gently on his knee*, without pain or consciousness, die sjftly like a summer wavelet rippling to the shore. With nia last word on a subject which had inspired so many generous and noble im pulses in bis heart, he ceases at once to work and live- Could you choose anything better than this? I have felt as if I had nothing to do with his life to-day— nothing to say of his youth, although it n« iodly and healthful. I «m not to speak of him, in the holy consecration of his early mao bood to the noblest of all pursuits and callings. £ will not dwell upon bis coming to this land in 1886, nor will I refer to his career at Wallaroo, at Bromptoa, at Firie-street, at Port Adelaide, at Kooringa, at Willunga, or Goolwa, where he haB laboured, and laboured faithfully and well, according to bis gifts — laboured evidently to the top of bis strength, laboured so as to hasten the end that be has reached. Nor will I Fpeak of him in his capacity as first master of Prince Alfred College, nor as editor of our organ, nor as examiner of our probatioaers — a work which in my opinion he did better than it was evi jc done before, aud in which he took the greatest delight— nor as our agent or letter-writer, nor cf the honour be received from the American University in tbe degree that he more and more worthily merited. lam to speak to-day a few words, as I have done, of his death, and I know tbat it has already borne gaod fruit. I have heard one manly brother s«y, ? I shall love my brethren better from this hour,' and if that be true it is a blessc i result. I heard another— a man who wields a wide influence in this town— say that this death has shown him that he has borne the present too much ia mind, and I felt with him in those reflections. My h*art longs for tbe grave lessons bought at inch a cost, I said,' Am I to lose them, purchased at the expense of that weeping widow and of those orphan children ? Must it be wasted, and am I to pass away un influenced, or am I to be permanently blessed ? I know that on the nighc when Jeans was be trayed He gave thanks that if by the cross He should make an appeal which would be deeper and more potent than words he had uttered. He gave thanks if he could tben epeak to the world, as he could not speak with his lips. If I may speak for my brothers, then, if I may speak for those dumb ips which shall never say words again, may I not say that ho gives thanks? May I speak for that weeping widow, who by her submission to God, by her resignation to His will, and by her patience, teaches us that there is one who is a husband to the widow, that she too gives thanks; and may I not speak for those orphaned children, who shall teach yon and I that there is a Providence that is constant in its tenderness and kindness, and say that they too give thanks ? We need the lesson of this death — I need it — and if it be that by this means God is speaking to these trembling hearts of onrs to teach them to be stilt, we must give thanks too. God has his mysteries of grace — ways which we cannot tell. He hides them deep, like the secret sleep of him lie loved so well. At the conclusion of the service the funeral procession formed outside the door of the Church. At the head of the cortege were the clerical members of the Conference in order of seniority, following them were tbe lay members of that body, the office-bearers of the Charches belonging to the denomination, and ministers of other religious bodies. Then came the hearse, attended by the pall-bearers the Kevsr D. S. HTyiie, J. Haslam, J. Nicholson, C. T. Newman, B. G. Edwards W. T. Carter, and the Rav. T. Hillmani Bible Christian. Next tbe hearse were three mourning coaches, in the first of which were Mrs. and Misa Patchell, Mr. R. N. Gault, and mfroa fin/iff ? .n 4|%A »av.a_*J ^... — -.i ? n v »»™ --wi.i , iu mo scuuDa coacn were itev. J. Bickford (President of the Conference), Kev B. 8. Casely (ex-President), Mr. McKirdy, Mrs. Gault ; and in the third, Rev. T. RatsoD and Mr. T. Goode, of Goolwa. The procession moved towards the Cemetery by way of West-terrace, and en route was joined by a large number of private vehicles and cabs, and which, ere tbe entrance to the burial ground was reached, formed an imposing though solemn eight The ground chosen for the deceased gentleman's last resiling place was near tbe centre of the Cemetery, and adjacent to it were tbe graves of the late Revs. William Dawson, Jabez Bunting Portray, Matthew Wilson, andj Chas. Colwell— all Wesleyau ministers. The ser vices at the grave were conducted by the President (Bev. J. B;ckford) and the Secre tary (Rev. R. M. Hunter), the prayer beinjr offered by the Rev. T. C. I*urence. Of the deceased's family were present — Mrs. Patchell, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Gault, Mr. J. McKirdy, and Mr. Thomas Goode, J.P., of Goolwa ; Miss Patcbell and Miss Emma Patcbell, accompanied by Miss Gault and Miss Scott. The funeral arrange uieuwt were carried ont fty .Mr. rengelly in a very effective manner. The coffin was of kmsi pme, covered with the best black cloth, adorned with black furniture, on which was inscribed 'G. W. PatcheH, died January 26, 1883 ; aged. 50 years.' The lid was adorned with wreaths containg passion flowers, North Australian climbers, and swazonia, made by members of the Pirie-street congregation. 