S'UNDAY.;, EVENINGdS :AT- THE ROYAL HALL, FOOTSCRAY:. ": 'THE WONDERTUI I OVE." ' : A Sermon byJ. A. SOPER. ; Lope, no;xowhre to lkf(oundn tless i n ivine;: .ail! Sao of God, Sk-ir ofmn'! Thy nameI S. " Shall A Ith coious matltcr o0fuy ng : S e.cfor. h axd nershall -yh",- . Thy,4rist "Unto Him that loved us and washed us from our sinsin His own blood0 nod hath made us kings and prints unto God and his Father: to Him be glory and dominion for ever and ever."--Rev. L 5, & STHE first three chapters of this book are are taken up with the messages which the Aiiostle John received from Christ for the sevenChurches of Asia, and through them for the 'Church of God in all succeeding ages. He .opens His message with a salutation in which He desires for them the grace and peace of the Trinity,-" Grace and peace be unto you from Him, which is, which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before His throne; and from Jesus Christ." _The persons, of the Godhead do not in this passage appear in their regular order; the mention of the Son is reserved to the last, and probably for this reason, that most is to be said of Him. SThis salutation is followed by the doxology, Swhichis'i fieqitntly 'the case- ini the sticred epistles .But in this instance it is addressed especially to the Son of God "Unto Him." The Apostle deemed it needless to explain who hediicant; the niere mnention of His natchless love and its mighty effects wouldlffice to make Him known. "Unto HIim that loved us and washed us from our sins in Hisown blood, and hath -made us kings and priests unto GMI and His father, to Him he glory and dominion for ever and ever." We shall con sider first, The iwomnrful Love of Jesus Christ. Secondly, TheBtenefits which this Love onfers. IThirdly, The Daro/ogy due to this Lore. I. TlHE WONDERFUL LOVE OF JESUS CilRIT., " Him.that loved us." Oh,.there. is an ocean of: meaning in these few, words. .Tley are so simple, that. a little. child can express them, and yet so sublime that the mightiest archangel cannot explain them. The love of ".Christ passeth knowledge;, we can not reach its sublinie heights; :we cannot fathom'its profound depths; we cannot com. prehend its immense breadth'; nor know its eternal length.- Such knowledge is too wonde fAt for us, it is high, we cannot attain unto it." And yet there is a sense in which we: know it. We know the fact, and we realise its power; and through eternity we hope to bless Him for His boundlesslove which even now fills us with unutterable joy. This love will appear wonder ful if we consider three things.--r- ,: ,- : 'First. Thie digSity of the Lover. ."Him *that loved us."-,And whois this Him? - The Apostle does not tell us, but simply states the fact that He loeds us; He is to be known' by His love. : We know the sun best by its light; and Christ by His love. - But our appreciation iof the Love will greatly depend on ouir know ledge of the Lover. 'And who is He? Not an earthly potentate, not a celestial spirit, hot one of the "principalities and powers." No, He is transcendently more glorious than any of these,'for He is none other than the "only begotten Son" of God," the dignified and veenrated Lord of hosts, Jehovdh's fellow and equal, the Lord of angels, the God of the universe.-. -This:is the "Him that-loved us;" and to'comprehend the magnitude of His love yo must be able to comprehend.the.majesty.of God. God and love' are 'equal, for " God'is love," find Christ is God. - Hence:it is there fore that the."love of-Christ passeth know ledge,"' aiid:it'does so'because it is the love of Christ.. The finite cannot- comprehend the infinite, and there is nothing in His nature which' is not nfinnite. 'The plummet of our thought therefore can never sound the:depths' of love -because they are the depths of God. However wei kiow endugh for our salvation, enough for our comfort, enough to give us joy arid peace iri'th'Holy Ghost. - Secondly. The demerit of the Lovd. - Him that loved tus."' And- here 'the wonder, of Christ's love appears. Not that He should love, for it must be as.natural for Him to love as it..is- for the sun to shine] but that He should love us-us, sinners-usi His enemies -us, rebels, vile and odious before Infinite purity. - -Hence-the -Apostle speaks of it as t".-r'i -'s, eiorefov,. wherewith He loved us." :Mcftoohs 5e "ona cltin.o"'couN'ld h ve filntl upon us- s.its objects.; for it it nir utel- trur-i to love them that hate us, as it is unnatural to hate them that love us. Who would die for the unworthy, for a thief, a murderer? None; " For scarcely for arrighteous man will one die, -yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die." A man may dare to 'die for a friend and benefactor; there are on the page of history a few dim shadowy outlines of such occurrences, but they are few indeed perhaps not more than half-a.dozen of them in the 6000 years of the world's history. But there is nnot' a solitaiy'instance of ' person dying for his' enioy.: The love of Christ, however' was not for His friends, but for His idveisa-rie-iot for His lovers, but'for His enemies;- for- "God commendeth His love towards us in that ivhile'iW were yet sitnners Christ died for us." Jonah was cast into an angry sea to allay the storm which his own sins 'had raised; but Jesus was cast into a sea of wrath to allay the storm which our sins had raised. '."He was wounded for our trans 'gressionh;He was bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our- peace was upon Him, and with-His stripes we are healed. ' It was not for the innocent, or 'the virtuous, that the Saviour died; but for sinners- sinners of the worst description-sinners who have committed inniumerable transgressions; who are obstinate in their trespasses and' glory in their shame. Yes, for'such sinners Jesus died.''-His heart bled not for the innocent,:but for the wicked ; and it was Iwoken :not fori is.friends,,iut for His enemics!. \- Pricious,' precioii s bloitd of Jesus, .' Shed on Calvary, " -. ; Shed for rebels, shed for sliners,. .. Sed for me. Such was the" frce;transcendatt; tid unparal lelled love of- Christ.r It can be resembled by no'love ipon -earth; therefore He Himself compares .His love, to .lost sinners with the lFather's'loe. to Himi'" As the Father hath loved Me, so ha'e I loved you," .;: Thirdly. 'The idtration of the !awr ' Him that loved us."' The verl in the original is in the ;present tense, and it should' therefore read,"' "Him that loveth us." His love, as it never had a Igtinning, so it shall never have an end, it is lik Himself, "The same yester day, to-day, and for vert." It is the love of eternity. "I have loved thee with an ever lasting love." He loved us "iefore the foundation - of the world," before thowu was 'either sun, moon, or star; before man loved man,' or angel loved angel, Christ loved His people. It was a love so mighty that it broke over the banks that held it in, t biroke over a Gethsemane, and like the stream which flowed from the rock in Horeb, it continues to follow the'Church in her wilderness march, aid whbsen the, redeemed shall meet in glory they shqll still he recipients of eternal love. That Jesus loved us when He suffered for us on the cross will not admit of a doubt, and His love to-day is as sure is it was then. When Herod Antipater was charged with being no true friend to .Cresar, he threw aside his cloak and showed the wounds he had received in fighting for Carsar, and said, "I will not speak for myself, but these wounds will tell how dearly I love Cesar." The wounds of Calvary are still vistbla in the body of Christ, and 'while they remain the love of Calvary will remain. If the disciples, when they gazed upon the scarred body of their .Ld. just after the resurrection, could say "He Ipo-th us," surely we can say the same, for those sears are as fresh as ever. He appears in Heaven as a "Lamb as it had been slain." He still loveth, it is His ever-continuing character, and He can no more cease to love than cease to live. As Hle ever liveth, so He ever loveth; His love jis eternal, because He Himself is eternal. Oh, brethern, JtY We ought to admire and adore the love of Christ; its dignity Divine; its manifestation, a sacrifice; its-duration, everlasting. He may well be .called' "Wo'ndoful," His love alone entitles him to such a name. 0 love surpaslng thought, So bright, so grand, so clear, gO true, so : . ?orious ; Love'infinite, love tender, love unsought. Love changless, love rejoicing, love victorious: -:And this great Iowe for us, in boundless S store Christ's everlasting love! WJýIA would we n:, ' - more; :i: II.-TIE BENEFITS THAT RFSULT PKOM "THIS LOVE. ' iist. Clransinm.. "Loved us and washed us from our sins in His own blood." \We were defiled with sin, and needed therefore to be cleansed. Sin is a moral leprosy, and :wa pre all lepers from our birth, "Behold I was s~.nen i iniquity, and in sin did my mother coneeive me;" and we need therefore to be cleansed ,s; cured of our sins quite as ,uch as Nasam.an ,id of his lc:prcsy, We .canOot haie comimunion aif'h a holy Gd?.' til-l we are cleansed aiid ,inaile hqjy; our natures arc cntirary, nnd just is.there cn 4i ?o? co?munion between light asid darkness, so there can be none betweensGod and the unholy. ,The" leper-can have no intercourse with the healthy, nor the sinner with the holy. But sin, as it pollutes the sou so it provokes God; it is crime as well as a contagilon, and while it excludes us from communion with God, it exposes us to 'his righteous wrath. We need then a double cure, and if we are to be saved from sin in its punishment and pollution, we must be washed from its guilt as well as from its stain.. And this is effected by the atoning blood of Jesus. We ore "washed from our sins in His ourn bload;" by His blood we are to understand His last sufferings and death, His blood being the ransom of our souls, the the price of our redemption, and the expiation of our sins. This was the highest and most excellent part of His obedience. "Being found in fashion as a man He humbled Himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." His whole life was a scene of suffering, but His death completed His obedience, for nto that He manifested His greatest love to God and man. The expiatory sacrifices were always bloody; death was to be endured for sin, and blood was the life of the creature; so the blood, the death of Christ, is the cause of our justification, or being cleansed from sin. " The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin." It cleanseth from the guilt of sin, and frees us from its punish ment. Sin not imputed, being the punishment caunot be inflicted ; Jesus having suffered, justice is satisfied, and so God is just, and yet the justifier of all who believe in Jesus. "It is God that justifieth," and .for this reason, t," it is Christ that died." He redeemed us fr6m the curse of the Isw, being made a curse for itus, and so "there is no condemnation to them that are in Him." The precious blood likewise takes away the dfikmSent of sin. It turns leprosy into purity, and transforms loathsomeness into loveliness. Christ receives the sinner as the sea does the bather, and gives him back washed and purified. And this perfect cleansing is effected by "His ownr blood." The Levitical priests sprinkled the blood of bulls and goats; but Christ spared not His own blood; and He did not merely sprinkle . us " with it, but washed 'us with it. " It was not the blood of His hand only,, but the blood of His heart-His life'went with it; He washed us from our sins ∈ His own blood.":- Ah, brethern, it cost Christ "His- own blood" to make us' clean; and now.that we-are clean, let us keep so.' When Captain Hedley Vicars was in Canada, he was waiting in his- room one .morning the arrival: of a brother officer, and idly turning over the leaves of a Bible his eyes fell on the well-known worls, "The blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth us from all sin": Closing the book he said," If this be true for me, henceforth I will-live, by, the grace ofGod, as a man should live who -has been washed in the -blood of Jesus Christ." Let us live the same, and keep our garments unspotted from the world. . - Secondly. Coronation. r" Loved us and made us i i7nori unto God." 'They are first cleansed, and then. crowned. 'Believers are Kings, not in a temporal but a spiritual sense. They reign as kings over their unruly passions, over Satan, over the world, and over death, the king of terrors; they begin their reign on earth, but perfect it in heaven; here theyreign by Christ; hereafter they shall reign with Him. SHe- hath made us a kingsonm, is the more correct translation; so that the believer is not only to rule but to be ruled, not only to sway a sceptre but submit to one: he is both a king 'and a kingdom; having been loosed from sin by the blood of Jesus, he is no longer its slave; but having been converted to God, he becomes H.is subject. And what a privilege it is to have God for our King ! He is fell of mercy and clemency; He sheds abroad His love in the hearts of His people, and rules them by promises as well as by precepts. This makes all His subjects become volunteers-" My people shall be a willing people in the day of My power.". Then what an honor to be the subject of such a King I The Emperor Theo doaus said he thought it a greater honor to be a member of the Church than to be the head of the empire. Oh, it is more honorable to serve God than to have kings serve us. You had better be the subject of Jesus Christ than the sovereign of the whole world. Thirdly. Consecration.- "Loved. us and made us Priests unto God." In olden times the offices of king and priest were held by the :.o?. eeO?n khence we find that .ielehisedek o th e tnt 5n e in Seelem . - . t,,, a t of the Most High. .And thee.two oftes meet: in believers; they are "kings and priests," or a "kingdom of priests," for they are a "royal priesthood." The priests of old were to serve in the temple and offer sacrifices to God; and this is the duty of God's priests in His Gospel Church to.day. It is their duty to live sepa rate from the world, and consecrate themseves a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, and offer up sacrifices, not typical but spiritual. " Ye are a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ." The term "priest" conveys the idea of entire and unreserved consecration to the servnice of God; and such should be our con dition as priests unto God. -We- must be separated from the world and set apart for God's service, for now that He has made us priests His will is that'we should be sanctified. "Men," said Archbishop Usher, "little under stand what sanctification means; it is no less than for i man to be brought to an entire. resignation of his own will to the will of God, and to live in the offering up of his heart con. tinually in flames of love, as a whole burnt offering to Christ." It was also the privilege of the Levitical High Priest to enter the inost holy place and commune with God at the mercy seat, but he only enjoyed this privilege once a year, on the great day of atonement. But it is the daily, constant privilege of the believer. "Having therefore, brethren, liberty to enter.into the holiest by the blood of Jesus, by a new and living way which He hath con secrated for is, through the veil, that is to say His flesh." "Let us therefore," says the Apostle, "draw near boldly unto the throne of gsce that we may obtain mercy and find grace to hElp in time of need." Such is the privilege of all who have been anointed "priests unto God,, by t lys of dChrist; for being cleansed from their sins,- l!y ?are crowned with kingship, and consecrated to the priesthood. • - " III. TiE DOXOLOGY .DUE TO CIIHRIST FO HIls LoVE . "To Him be l?ory and dominion for cveor and ever. Amen.' First, An ascription ofra-iseis due to Him. "To Him he glory," that Is, juit praise and esteem; gracious hearts think they can never love and laud their Saviour enough I this is the only return they can make Him for His great benefits. He gave Himself a sin offering for them, and they give themselves a thank offer Ing to Him. "To Him he glory," it is but just .hst 'g should honour Him; all the blessings of saklt;ipp we owe to His precious blood, they all bear the p1iint of the nails and the spear, andti come to us as the 'rit of His passion. If we trace the streams of Salvation to their source, we shall find they all meet in .ht crOss aswaters in-a fountain. The bleed-. ing cross is .the meritorious spring of all spiritual blessings, IJf ,w 4ae A'edm-rNtion, it is through His hlol I if we are jutgstd, it is by His blood; if washed from our guilty .aie~ it is in His hlood, which cleanseth us rem all sin; ii we enjoy heazenly conmuniorn, it is through His blood, by which we have access unto the Father; if we have victory over 14 I/jl, enewmy, it is through the blood of 'e I.?rh i and if we ga~i admillanoe itlo heaven, it is bcusy 'Ie iave washed our robes andti made them white? i'tite io..?, of the Lamb, and therefore are we before the thrfine of God." Everything is due to the blood of Christ. The glorified in heaven ascribe all honoo to Jouls, because they owe all their hap piness to" itip, "They sang a new song, savanr Thou art worithv to tak?e the book and open the seals, for Thou wrst s?ain, and bath redeemed us unto God by thy "blod." The melody of praise is sweetened by the memory of blessing, and when we review the gifts of redeeming love, the question arises, " What shll we render unto the Lord for all His beqg. l ' W}e feel Hie deserves louder and more loa'igg 4doplgy tlha our poor hearts and lips can rn di. " .p.?hsi a?tyant, knowing that his master was ling!g fr t be put to death, clothed himself in his ?t?s etff?'ar ments that he might be taken for him; ht was taken and put to death in his stead ; in nme0ory of which his master caused his statue in bIsi },l Js greeted as a monument of grati tude for the pooj5',fy t' fidelity and affection. What. monument, tiau, ;pR } 1e erect for Jesus Christ, who, when we lay coids5,,aed to eternal death, descended from heaaven and die?d to effect our salvation; The least we can do i to !ir; Hiim the glory, and build up His praises in g ,idf fls? s of a consecrated life. Secon'diy. T ." si an ascription of PAs'er. "To fInn be idpnssoesln .f' Christ is both a "Prince pnd a Saviour, ,ias ouF Sioutr we trus is Him, an stlr Prince we submit tb Iiit ; "For to this .pd Cht:i;± both died and rose, ant revived, that lie might by t".l both of the dead tnll-d the livittg,'" lie tnust be rccgntsed by us as o?u feOYertigo, as well as our Savour; if we are rdeeicned sby Ilis sacrifice we muost e ruled by His sceptre. Christ is our Melchisedek, our King and Priest ;as aPriest He saves us, andas a King lHe governs us- We should therefore ascribe unto Him dominion, and invite Him by His Spirit to rule and reign inourhearts. It should be to us a great joy that Christ has all domi nion in heaven and earth, and we should wish the'eternal sceptre of universal dominion in no hand but that which was nailed to the cross; in Him pity and power, majesty and mercy, blend in equal proportions, We cannot but love Him who loved us, and live for Him who died for us. Our whole life should be an an them of praise to Him,' and when life is ended heaven will be begn,. and then the anthem of earth will be lost in the song of eternity. . 